This fic does have a part of sex scene, with Severus almost mentally not there, overwhelmed by his species' instinct. Yeah. I didn't believe I would dare to publish something involving a sex scene here too. It isn't explicit, but we shall call an apple an apple, just a warning. When wizards and witches grew up, years and years ago, before Voldemort, even before Grindelwald, parents would tell their child to be careful of the overly beautiful women. 'Those are the succubus,' They would warn. 'And they will always want to steal your magic and your power. Do not bed them, for they are evil, and will only love themselves.' But they would then add. 'But if you find overly beautiful men... Keep them by your side, those are the incubus, and they will share their magic with you if you bed them.' Incubus were, contrary to popular belief, not strictly male. They may look like they are of the same species with the succubus, but they weren't. Far from it. Succubus, usually females (males stayed at home to look after the youngsters) wander out, seeking life forces and magic. Once having sex with them, they can store the magic and life inside their own body, and once returning to their nest, would share it among their families. It is their main source of food, and without it they will starve and die. Incubus, however, are beings that have an abundance of magical power within them. They can release and share their magic when they had an orgasm with those that were in direct contact with them. This was why only mere years later since Incubus was known, they had hid themselves far away from wizard-kinds. The news that these wonderful Incubus were extinct spread out, and everyone looked for someone to blame. Everyone was to be blamed. There were Incubus slavery, and Incubus breeding system. Researchers worked hard to study these kinds of creature, working out who can bring the most advantages if set to a certain task. They were pleased to find out that Incubus actually had the need to mate, to find someone to share their magic with, or else the over-abundance of their magic would kill them. That was why for those who didn't have sex for quite some time, their body will trigger a heat, much like heats in cats and dogs, forcing them to look for release and someone to share their magic. Hundreds of Incubus were caught, and were mated. It was found that Incubus females will always give birth to an Incubus, whether they were bred with their own kind, or a human, Muggle or otherwise. But Incubus females, when pregnant will not release any magic when they orgasm because the magic is used for their child. In fact, they would not allow any males to approach them. Only females of their own kind were allowed to be close to them to help. On the other hand, even when an Incubus female was not pregnant, the magic they release was usually weaker than an Incubus male. Unlike females, males can have sex all year round, and will gladly do so to keep their females safe. So it was that Incubus females were kept in the breeding system with men that don't mind having to withhold sex for months, while males were sold as sex slaves. The children were allowed to be at their mothers and other females' side, as they will only reach their maturity at the age of 15, at least. Before their maturity, their magic were theirs only, and cannot be shared. Normally an Incubus child would reach maturity the same way a human reached puberty, females by having their first period, and males by having their first ejaculation. Only there would be an additional feature which was their magic multiplying rapidly and irregularly. Mothers tended to teach their child at this stage on their special abilities, as well as the act of masturbation. Once the child had reached maturity, depending on their gender they would either be sold to influential wizards or to breeding centres. (There were some who were different. When they reached maturity, instead of the brunette hair that Incubus usually have, they had black hair, and black irises. Instead of being beautiful and seductive, they are at best average looking. Those were the ones that were highly sought after, since they were quite rare. Researchers had not discover how they came to be, for they were only caught wild. ) - why black hair - having sex before maturity But there came a time when one Incubus decided that enough was enough. They were Magic's gift to wizard-kinds, and should not have been treated this way. Gathering slaves one at a time, they riot against their captors, releasing their females from those horrendous breeding centres. One by one they ran away, none was treated fair enough to even think about staying. Months later, it was said that Incubus were extinct. Most of them hid in the Muggle world, working as prostitutes and street-walkers, because that was what the only thing they know how to do. Some were clever enough to figure out the balance between releasing their magic daily so they do not harm them, yet not letting that aspect of their life affect how they actually live. Some, surprisingly, had vouched to stay among the Wizard-kinds, but had adapted themselves so much that they looked, from all angle, a normal wizarding family. Only mating with Muggles so their lies won't be known, they had lived among side their nightmares, teaching them that Wizards were not to be trusted. Hundred of years later, Severus Snape was born. His mother, Eileen Prince, was one of the Incubus that had stayed in the Wizarding world. Unlike her family though, she had chosen her mate wrong, and in the end, she and her loved child had paid the price. Years later, after the defeat of Voldemort, the death of Albus Dumbledore, and the graduation of one Harry Potter. Severus should have seen it coming. The signs had been there, the sudden influx of his magic, the spike in his libido, the way he would sometimes spaces out in the middle of something. The way he had caught the eyes of those who look at him, and batted his eyelashes. He had to Apparate out of there immediately when all those that had saw him had rushed towards him like a moth to the fire. Damn those newspapers, making him the 'Unsung Hero', when he clearly didn't deserve their praises. And the way he had actually started to have wet dreams. He never had wet dreams, not since his father had... Oh, careful there... Severus should have known by then, when he woke up with his underpants wet. But he was occupied with the position of Deputy Headmaster, and that particular morning was hectic enough with those letters he hadn't return yesterday, so he cast a cleaning spell, and cast the whole incident out of his mind. He should have known, but to be fair he had never experienced a heat before. He had no need to. His masters had ensured of that. But now it seemed that his body decided just to do that. Cause him to have his heat. In the middle of his class, releasing pheromones to unsuspecting children. Inviting them to fuck him, to share his magic. Severus wouldn't have realised, so slow and stressed was he, until Mister Hert, a Ravenclaw who sat in front of the class, and who was one of his better students, leaned towards his direction, and visibly sniffed. 'Sir, you smell really good today.' Then he had said in a dazed voice. It had took him by surprise. It wasn't what he had expected from the boy. 'What are you talking about, boy?!' He snarled as he looked up from his table, only to see that most of the students had the same dazed look on their face. Those that were in front (thus closest to him) had even started to move closer to him, and that had finally made him act. A simple air purifier spell that he always used at his lab quickly made his students in control of themselves again. Then it was simply the matter of yelling and shouting at them until they all left, though with a curious and scared face, curious as they didn't remember someone doing anything wrong, and scared because Professor Snape seemed more scared than angry, and they had never seen the man scared before. And when the praised hero, the spy for the Light, the one who was able to lie his face off in front of Voldemort, was scared... Well. Once the students had vacated the room, Severus immediately spell all cauldrons off the fire. Making sure that the lab was safe to be left for days to come, he went to the inner rooms of the lab, which was filed with unused potion ingredients and the papers he had yet to grade, and a fire place. Quickly he flooed to his private chambers, and started activating all the wards, and adding new ones that he had known. All of this was done without another thought; his mind was on a constant play of Shitshitfuckshitdamnitshitfuckbloodyshit. The one last spell he cast was his Patronus, which he directed to Minerva, the current Headmistress, and told her that he would not be free to do any of his tasks for these few days, that he was sorry for the inconvenience, and that he would gladly offer up his resignation letter if Minerva demanded it. Sending the doe off, he slumped onto his couch, and took what seemed like the first breath that day. If an Incubus went to heat, the only thing that can make them come out of it was to have sex. Not just have sex with any one person, but with someone who can handle all the magic and energy that the incubus would share. So sometimes, multiple someone-s would be needed. And when you have a strong Incubus who was used to release daily ever since he matured, then fell into a long two years of celibacy, well. Severus would need a very strong someone, or a lot of someone-s to save him. That is, if he had even decided to allow himself to be saved. It was the third day since the disappearance of Severus Snape. When Minerva McGonagall had received the Patronus, her immediate action was to go to the man's private chambers, but it was warded shut, and any locative spells cannot locate the man. The last class of his had been asked, and all they could say was that the professor was acting strangely in the middle of a lecture. Some had said that they had smelt a strange but appealing smell coming from the professor, but couldn't explain any further. After that first day, Hogwarts and its occupants decided to sleep, and leave the search for their 'Unsung Hero' for the next day. The next day was a havoc, however. Throughout the day students and staff alike had been attracted to Snape's private chambers, and opted to linger outside the closed door. Some violent ones had even tried to bang on the doors, demanding to be let in. Minerva had even found herself walking towards the man's chambers the moment she decided to just take a leisure walk, to clear off her mind. What in the world was happening? Finally, as the third day had started out almost the same way, Minerva had decided to call the Aurors, and the Unspeakables to solve the mystery. Of the disappearance of Severus Snape, and of the reason why everyone was attracted to the said man's doors. An incubus knows when they would die due to the over abundance of magic in their body. When the risk of that happening was starting to go over