Okay, this is my first Harry Potter story. I am obsessed with bottom!Sev, so expect nothing else ahahaha. Enjoy first, talk later :DD Severus would probably never remember this, and both Eileen Prince and Tobias Snape were Obliviated, but when Severus was three, he was kidnapped by his grandfather, Christopher Prince. It was only for three days, and Severus came back seemingly no worse for the wear. Tobias Snape didn't actually care, but Eileen was relieved to have her boy back. That night, a man sneaked in and obliviated both of them. And since Tobias had forbade Eileen from reporting to the police, the incident was never mentioned again. When Severus, aged four, saw that there was a Prince family crest burnt onto his left shoulder blade, he was a little surprised as he didn't know when he got it. Instinctively he knew not to ask any one about it, and left it as such. Tobias started hitting his son when he was four, when the boy did not want to go out to buy his father alcohol. Do not listen to whatever your father says, he is a muggle, and Princes do not listen to muggles. Do not be like your mother, do not do what she had done. Don't listen to your father. Unfortunately for the young boy, the man was already well on his way to get drunk, and when his order to have more alcohol was denied, he got angry. Very angry. If it wasn't for the fact that the boy's mother came home early because she felt something that was making her uncomfortable, Severus would have been no more. Do not listen to your muggle father. Defy him. Do well in school, protect yourself. No Prince should be a weak minded follower, and certainly not my grandson. The pattern repeated itself for three years - Severus's father demanded him to do something, and the boy refused. The boy was then beaten almost to death, when the mother would come in just in time to save the boy's life. Never in time to save the boy's body from some scars though. It was just bruises at first, then changed to cuts from broken bottles, to cigarette butts burns, to belt-whipping scars. Do not listen to your muggle father. Do not listen to your muggle father. Princes protect themselves well. Princes protect themselves well. Princes protect themselves well. Hurt you once, shame on them. Hurt you twice, shame on you. Never allow anyone to hurt you, grandson. The pattern repeated itself, until one day Severus had an epiphany. A Prince do not allow others to hurt them. Listening to this voice is hurting me. So I shall not listen to this voice anymore. When Tobias ordered his son to buy alcohol from the closest convenience stall, Severus did, thinking (and hoping) that he would be spared the harm that would come if he didn't. The man grunted when the bottles were given to him, and he ignored the boy for the rest of the night. Severus counted that as a success. A feeling of rage came over him, but it was soon gone, so Severus didn't give it any mind. But from that day onwards the voice seemed to have quieted, and finally disappeared. The Prince family crest burnt for a day, making him ache while moving. But then it faded from the normal blood red to a darker shade of his skin colour. The next day one of the scars given to him by his father using the broken piece of the wine bottle on his lower back recently opened up and stubbornly refused to close and heal. His mother had to use fire and burn the wound (when asked later why of all reasons Eileen would do that, she would just shrugged and said that she didn't know what came over her) so that the wound would close. From that day onwards, Severus would find himself doing what his father had wanted him to do even before the man had spoken. This helped Severus a lot, as he could avoid making the man angry, and for his household, it was all that mattered. When Severus was eleven, he knew he was different. The others (Potter and his bunch of friends) may treat him bad and insult him every time they laid eyes on him, but he himself knew that he was different. Really. Ever since young he had always have a presence of a sort inside him. When he was younger, it had sounded like an older man, telling him to do well in school, and to protect himself. Then, when he was seven, the voice changed to be his father, which only told him to always remember to make himself quiet so he didn't make a nuisance to others. Honestly he had never did anything to Potter, but perhaps he did, because it was as if Potter had sworn to heaven and hell to make him his enemy. A Prince protects himself. And so he did, giving Potter as good as he's got. And since Black was in on it too, he treated Black the same way as he treated Potter; with insults and hexes. But when he was away at Hogwarts, his father's voice was very soft, and some times cannot be heard. And when it cannot be heard, it was as if he did not have any purpose at all. Some times the old man's voice would surface, telling him to focus on your studies, boy. And so he did. But it wasn't enough to soothe the ache in his heart, the emptiness making him feel...incomplete, and guilty. (Telling that he was not doing enough to serve his master, his owner.) Then, Lucius happened to him, the few weeks before Christmas. He was changing in his room to prepare for his sleep while the rest of the Slytherins were busy celebrating, for what Severus wasn't sure, in their common room. Lucius Malfoy had just barged into the room, and since Severus's bed was the closest to the door, the first thing Malfoy saw was his body. Naked upper body, with his back turned towards him. 'Mister Malfoy! Kindly knock before you just barge in the room!' Severus snarled, suddenly shy. Swiftly he used his pyjamas jacket to cover his back, but from the interested look of Malfoy's eyes, he was too late. '...Snape, was it? Severus Snape, the potion genius of our first year...' Malfoy stalked towards Severus, whom had started to back away from the Fifth year. But the older boy kept cornering him and forcing him to back away to the wall. 'Tell me, Severus,' Malfoy practically purred. 'What was that on your back? I think I saw a family crest.' 'It's none of your business, Malfoy, so stay out of it.' Severus snarled, his mind bursting with keep yourself unseen and unheard you little, ungrateful brat of his father's. Attract any attention, and you'll find yourself gaining bruises and broken bones, you little shit. 'Because, as far as I know,' Malfoy continued, ignoring Severus' outburst. 'Only a slave has their owner's crest burnt onto his body. Tell me, Severus, are you a slave?' Severus shook his head violently. A slave? I thought the slavery system was abolished a long time ago?! 'No? Well, I think you are, Severus. But your master probably won't be here with you, huh?' Malfoy grinned as he bent down to the boy, who was now shaking in terror. 'Did you know that there's a ritual that can transfer a slave to another household without the current owner's permission? Oh, yes,' He continued in a patronising tone, seeing that all Severus did was to shake his head repeatedly. 'There is one, and happily for us, you are already branded a slave, so it would be very easy for me to take you for my own. Did you know that my father has five slaves under his command? So I know everything about slaves, and how to treat them so that no one will suspect a thing.' He leaned down to whisper in Severus' ears. 'Listen to me, and you will have whatever you want, may it be power, money, pride, status. And once I deem you worthy enough, you will share my bed.' Severus whimpered. He may only be eleven, but he knew about sex, and he also knew about the importance of a wizard/witch's virginity. A wizard's virginity can and should only be given willingly, and Severus knew from the bottom of his heart that even if he is Malfoy's slave, if Malfoy take him it would be unwilling, and it would be rape. So he started shaking his head, and shifting so that he could find a way to escape the elder boy's clutches. But Malfoy moved swiftly, and had his hand on Severus' throat, choking him. 'Say no, and I'll take you, right here and now. I won't even care if your room mates come in.' What can I do what can I do what can I do... Keep yourself out of sight and out of my mind, boy! I want nothing to do with you. A Prince protects himself. And if they cannot, they find someone who can protect them. Severus, dear. I know you are too young for this talk, but promise me that whatever you do, protect your virginity. Once a wizard has sex, they would be considered adults in the eye of others, and will have their magic maturity. But if you are forced, your magic will be stolen, and you will never be able to get them back. Do you understand, Severus?! 'So,' Lucius's eyes stared right back into his own, his lips curving into a pleased smile, as if he already knew what Severus would do. And what could Severus do, anyway? 'I'll... I'll do what you want, just please don't...' He can't even say the word out loud. Rape, such a strong, horrible word. 'Good boy.' Severus ducked his head when he felt Malfoy pet his head. He managed to hid his sigh of relief when the older boy stood up, but looked at the offered hand in fear when it was thrust at his face. 'Since there's no better time than now, and almost everyone is busy celebrating, they won't miss us.' Without waiting for the obviously terrified out of his mind boy to take his hand, Malfoy grabbed Severus' arm and hulled him up. 'Luckily for me, I know just where to go.' It was a short ritual that only took them about half an hour. Severus, before he could even react to anything, was tied up by the elder boy on what seemed like a cross with his back against Malfoy. A wave of the other boy's wand and Severus' clothes disappeared. Severus started fighting immediately, writhing to try and free himself. Unfortunately for him, Malfoy had learnt from the best, and he had pocketed Severus' wand before Severus even thought of using his wand. 'Stay calm, boy. This might hurt, but if you are good I'll let you go early.' Was the only warning before Severus could hear the crack of a whip. What in Merlin's name was... Pain exploded on his back like he had never felt before. He gasped, his body arching to try and avoid pain, but moving only made the pain sting more. 'M... Ma...Malfoy!' He yelled, but apparently the elder boy wasn't finished yet, because as soon as he yelled his name the second crack was heard and Severus flinched. 'Ah ah, Severus... That won't do at all... Once we are done here, you will address me as Master, in private, and Lucius anywhere else.' The second was both just as painful, and more painful than the first one. He cried out in pain, but as he was tied up, there was nothing he can do except to take deep breathes and to try to relax.