The Romanian Puzzle Box A/N: This is a sort of sequel, sort of prequel to In Half-Light and Shadow . I would probably recommend reading that story first, but I don't suppose it's essential. At the end of that story Severus, Hermione, and their children sit down to go through Hermione's memory box, the Romanian Puzzle Box. This story tells of what they found in there… A/N II: There are Cursed Child spoilers ahead, however, because obviously Severus is alive, and he's with Hermione, Cursed Child couldn't have ever really happened in this universe, so really I've just incorporated the odd thing from here and there. I'd actually written most of this first chapter before I read The Cursed Child and now I fear there are some unintentional parallels between them. But hey ho… A/N III: As mentioned briefly during an author's note on In Half-Light and Shadow , it is the minutia of Hermione and Severus's relationship (and their relationship with their children) which interests me, and even more so than In Half-Light and Shadows , The Romanian Puzzle Box will explore this. It's very… domestic. ~oOo~ Chapter One: The Trouble with Isaac A fine snow was beginning to settle on the roofs in Spinner's End; the crisp whiteness contrasting against the perpetual grey of the place even as the last light of day faded from the wintery sky. Severus glanced down the street to where a small group of Christmas carollers shuffled from door-to-door, huddled together for warmth as their breaths rose is wisps of cloudy air. Severus didn't think many residents of Spinner's End would appreciate Christmas carols, him amongst them, and so it was with grim satisfaction that he closed the living room curtains, and with them closed out the world. In here it was just him and his little family; a more wholesome scene than he could have ever imagined himself to be a part of. Hermione sat squashed against the arm of the settee, wearing one of his old knitted jumpers despite the fire which roared in the hearth; Nathaniel sat beside her, not too old for a hug from his mum now that there was no chance any of the local kids might espy it through the window; and beside him was Isaac, who had his arm elbow deep in the ornate Romanian Puzzle Box. Severus lodged himself back into the remaining sliver of settee beside his eldest son. 'Come on!' Nathaniel urged his older brother impatiently, nudging Isaac's arm, 'pick something!' Isaac frowned as he rummaged around inside the box. Hermione's little expansion charm, the same she'd used on her purple beaded bag in the last year of the war, meant that nineteen years worth of memories were easily stored inside. 'Alright, this,' Isaac said at length, withdrawing an envelope at random. It was addressed to Mr. S. Snape and Ms. H. Granger, and the broken wax seal bore the Hogwarts crest. 'Or maybe not,' Isaac continued, hastily trying to push it back inside the box. 'Hang on a minute,' Nathaniel protested, plucking the envelope from his brother's fingers and managing to hold it just out of his reach. 'This is about what happened last year, isn't it?' 'Why would you keep that?' Isaac addressed his parents, flushing slightly and folding his arms across his chest. 'Perhaps to remind us all in the years to come that you're not quite so perfect after all!' Nathaniel suggested with a grin. Isaac scowled at his brother in a way which made him look uncannily like his father. 'Let's look at something else,' he said, rather feebly. 'No! I want to know the full story. No one ever told me anything, all I know is what people at school say about it,' said Nathaniel, 'and I know some of that can't be true, it's ridiculous!' Hermione sighed and took the envelope from Nathaniel. 'This isn't what I envisioned when I suggested we sit down and go through this box,' she said, 'but Isaac, maybe it would be best if Nate knows what really happened, then perhaps he can help put to rest some of the rumours?' 'What? By telling everyone what an absolute loser I am?' Isaac grumbled. 'Oi,' Severus chided, 'no one thinks that. As much of a nightmare as you were, we're all capable of doing stupid things when we're young,' he reminded them. Severus had been in equal parts infuriated, mortified, and disappointed by Isaac's behaviour around Christmas last year, but with hindsight, he couldn't forget that when he'd been Isaac's age he was preparing to become a Death Eater, and he felt a certain gratitude for the fact that he wasn't having to deal with anything so frightening as that. 'I don't need my little brother to protect me,' Isaac said. 'He'd just be looking out for you,' Hermione reasoned, 'as I'd expect you all to be doing anyway.' ' Please tell me! You're scaring me now!' Nathaniel implored, issuing his brother a concerned look. Isaac looked between his parents and his brother and then relented with a rather unenthusiastic, 'fine!' 'Alright,' said Hermione, 'well, it all started one morning after we received this letter…' ~oOo~ One Year Earlier ~oOo~ Severus watched Hermione carefully over their half-eaten breakfasts, forgotten the moment the impudent tawny owl had first scratched its talons against kitchen window to gain their attention. A letter from the school had sent Hermione into immediate panic; perhaps one of the children was ill or hurt. But as she'd torn open the envelope and begun to read the contents her entire countenance had shifted to something Severus couldn't quite interpret. 'What is it?' he enquired, but she dismissed him with an impatient wave of her hand as she continued to read. He gave her another moment and then tried again: 'well?' 'It's Isaac,' she finally replied, 'there's been some kind of bother.' Seeing that Hermione was unlikely to enlighten him any further in her current state, Severus got to his feet so he could read the letter over her shoulder. After giving it a thorough going over he sat back down at the table somewhat perplexed. 'If it was Erin, I could believe it,' he said, brow furrowed, 'but Isaac…' he trailed off, shaking his head doubtfully. 'But what on Earth could he have done?' Hermione wondered aloud, re-reading the letter, 'it sounds so serious: I kindly request your attendance at the school to discuss your son's behaviour . What kind of things do they get parents in for?' she asked. 'It took quite a lot in Dumbledore's day, otherwise your parents would have been called in every other week!' Severus said with a smirk. Hermione clearly wasn't in the mood. 'Are you suggesting that this is somehow my fault?' 'What? No, I was joking ,' he replied, '…my apologies.' 'Sorry,' she said, 'I'm just worried. This isn't like him at all.' 'They got Sirius Black's parents in when he tried to kill me.' 'Sirius didn't try to… - are you suggesting Isaac has tried to kill someone?' 'Hermione!' Severus exclaimed, 'calm down! What can he possibly have done that's that bad? This is Isaac we're talking about.' Her shoulders dropping and a worried expression marring her features, Hermione returned to the table and situated herself across from Severus. 'My concern is that some other kids have got him involved in something. Isaac's… impressionable,' she said with uncertainty. It was not something she liked thinking of her son, but it was true nonetheless. He was easily influenced. At home it was usually Erin leading him into mischief, whether it be staying out past their curfew, wandering into parts of Cokeworth their parents really rather wished they wouldn't, or there was time she'd encouraged him to get steaming drunk at a friend's house party. But it was all fairly typical, nothing that had ever warranted more than a good telling off, the pair of them being banished to their rooms, or, in the case of the party, nothing a particularly fine hangover had not resolved. But at Hogwarts, away from his parents' protective gaze, and amongst his Slytherin peers, there was no knowing what Isaac got up to. And Isaac himself was always so reticent on the subject of his time at school; he seldom wrote, and when asked whether he'd had a good term or was enjoying his classes, his answers were typically monosyllabic. Severus sat with his lips tight closed; he looked as though he wanted to disagree with Hermione but couldn't quite bring himself to because he knew she was right. 'That's possible,' he said at length. 'Worryingly, it's perhaps the best we can hope for.' 'No, the best we can hope for is that this has all been some terrible misunderstanding,' Hermione corrected him. 'Mmm… unfortunately I find that unlikely when it's Minerva that's investigated it herself.' ~oOo~ As her letter had instructed they ought, Hermione and Severus arrived by Floo directly into Headmistress McGonagall's office at precisely twelve o'clock the following afternoon. The sky outside the windows was a similar shade of grey to the castle's brickwork, and leant an ominous, chilly atmosphere to proceedings. 'Hermione. Severus!' Minerva welcomed them with a contrasting warmth, striding over from her desk with her hand outstretched. They each shook it in turn, and as they did Minerva placed her hand hand gently on top in a gesture which told them that they were not going to like what was to come, but reminded them also that Minerva was merely paying due diligence to her job. 'It's been a while,' the older witch continued, 'I'm sorry we're meeting on this occasion under such sorry circumstances. Please, take a seat.' She gestured towards those ancient, overstuffed armchairs which sat opposite her desk. Isaac already occupied one of them, looking slightly withered. He glanced up at his parents as they approached, and then quickly trained his gaze back on the floor. Severus and Hermione flanked him, each taking a seat on either side of him. Hermione noticed the blank canvas above McGonagall's head. The last time she'd been in this room it was to beg Dumbledore's portrait to give evidence at Severus's trial, and though they had succeeded, she was glad it was empty today. 'Your letter wasn't really clear about what's happened,' Hermione said once they were comfortable. 'No,' Minerva conceded, 'I felt it would be best to discuss this in person, considering the severity of it. You see, since the beginning of term we've had a somewhat persistent problem with contraband potions being brewed and sold within the school. We had, until the day before yesterday, been unable to determine the culprit,' Minerva explained, concluding with a pointed look in Isaac's direction. Hermione and Severus shared a brief glance between themselves and then turned to their son in tandem. 'This is what we have managed to confiscate,' Minerva said, gesturing towards eight large crates of potions which had gone unnoticed by either of her guests. 'Isaac?' Hermione asked. He turned his head towards her slowly and, still avoiding her eye, muttered an apology. 'What kind of potions?' Severus hissed through clenched teeth, a telltale muscle twitching in his jaw. Hermione alone observed the panicked glint in his eye and knew what he was thinking; he was wondering whether those potions were Dark Magic. 'It would seem Isaac began by taking orders for all manner of potions. He's a very skilled potioneer, of course,' Minerva replied, with a fond look in Severus's direction, 'quite competent enough to make potions that would be a struggle even for the seventh years, but still unqualified to be selling his wares. And the odd healing potion or Pepper Up here or there might have gone unnoticed, but then, Isaac perhaps got a little too cocky. He started making batches of other potions to sell. Polyjuice, there was even a rather diluted Veriteserum going around at one point, and I'm sure you can understand why I