Two great oak doors opens and my mouth almost fell open at the sight of the room I was revealed too. I didn't know how I had gotten here but I knew it was a throne room. The throne room was completely made of marble, from the ice floor to the twelve pillars that stood on Either side of th room, leading to the throne itself. The throne to was of white marble and upon itnsat a beautiful woman, her head held high and blond curls tumblling down on her shoulders, a colour like newly melted gold. She wore a dress of pure white with silver pattern embroidered upon it. She seemed familiar but the more I tried thinking about it, the more my head hurt. I was led to the throne by my two guards, the one on my left shoved me in the shoulder, forcing me to my knees, chains clattering as I fell. I sat there as he said, "Bow down to your queen," I met the queen's gaze, something I knew not many dared then bent down until my brow toutched the floor. And the queen spoke, her voice like ice, "Are you aware of the punishment to your crimes, to your kind." I looked up and smirked at the queen, not letting my oblivion to what had happened show as she looked down at me, a face of stone. "Executions I should think, Penelope." I popped the P but still no emotion, not even a flicker of anger crossed her face. "That's you highness to you." She simply said, I snorted, "Your not my queen." A cold smile resurfaced, revealing someof the wickedness within. "I am now." Since when? How long had I been here. I didn't know. When I didn't answer she contineud. "You are a thief and a traiter with no land and no home, pirate. And now..." She kuckled, "Now you are mine." I knew who she was. She was a genius, vicious, witty queen of Greece. Blessed and crowned by Athena herself. She nodded to the guards and they dragged me to my feet, and out the room and I new I only had hours left to live... if I was lucky. I didn't want to think of the alternative as a scream rang through the hall. The walls themselve seem to cower away. I was dumped in my cell and left to await my death. The room stack of rot and urene, my roomate sat in chackles, propped up against the wall, nothing more then a skellllleton. As the hours pass I wonder how my crew were doing and where they were. Are they in a similar state as I was. I hoped they'd gotten away. A guard came in with food and seeing my confused expression said, "The memories will come back to you by the end of the day. Enough time to remember your friends just before your friends." He had been right. Hours later my head felt like it was exploding as all my memories all of a sudden resurfaced. TWO WEEKS EARLIER. I stood proud on my ship, the ocean an unending bliss before us. I loved standing here, it made me feel like I was walking on water. "Captain!" Someone shouted exeted. I looked back and saw Margret, a broad smile on her face and as I walked over. I didn't need to stretch out my arms for balance, hadn't needed to do it since I was a child. I faces my second in command. "What's the matter, storms ahead?" I pulled out my telescope and scanned the horizon. There was nothing to be seen. But I already new the answer to my own question, a ship was coming. The only time Margaret was ever really existed, to the point of being giddy. "No captain," she continued, "It's a Greek trading vessel." I looked at her surprised, it had been ages since we last had Greeks cross our path. "Well then," I said as I walked past her and grabbed a rope, for any stranger the hanging rope might look messy and useless but here, it was the best way to travel, especially in battle. I stepped back and leaped, holding on tight. I landed steadily on the deck, the wood not even cracking under my weight. "EVERYONE AT THE READY, GREEKS IN SIGHT. " No sooner had I finished and there were cheers of excitement and lots of clattering as brooms and tools were switched for swords and daggers. Meanwhile I climbed the mast and stood beside the lookout. Carl nodded in greeting as I looked out at the see, and indeed, a Greek ship was coming this way. I heard Margaret giving orders, knowing fully well what to do in this situation. The ship was coming our way, thinking us nothing more then a cargo ship but any moment our disgues would fall. The moment they saw the ship's name and me, standing on lookout they'd flee. After all, every one new that if you crossed the slayer's path all you could do was run and pray to your Gods that we didn't catch you. The ship indeed was turning around and I shouted the final command. "FULL SPEED OURS OUT AND UP." "AYE, AYE, cap." Came the response and I didn't have to look to now Leo pulled the lever and the mechanic oars came out. Rowing themselves faster than the winds themselves and we shot forwards, both sails catching full wind and I smirked. "Let's kill some Greeks." I slid down the lookout and stood on the busy deck were my crew were pounding their shields out of excitement, weapons from all over the world, axes, spears, arrows, guns. I up on my own armor as I faces them. All at the ready. And then it happend, the very thing that made us feared all across the seas, the stories told over camfires and to children to make them behave, the ship took flight. The oars turning to pepelars as we left the sea beneath us, wings spreading out on eather side of the ship. This, this was the ship of the Gods. We were gaining on the ship really quickly but then I realized my mistake, this wasn't an merchant's ship, it was a comander's ship and behind it a massive fleet, sails as far as the eye could see. The Greeks hadn't stumbled upon us by mistake, this was an attack, in our joy of looting a Greek ship we had looked carefully. But there was nothing we could do but continue the attack. "PIRATES." I addressed my crew, asuring all could here. "THE GREEKS HAVE BROUGHT AND ARMY TO SLAY US, LET'S SHOW THEM WHAT WE'VE GOT. CANONS AT THE READY!" No one looked worried, knowing if they died, they would go down fighting and not in dishonor or as cowards. In the end, it is all we have, the honor of our deaths. "LEO!" I called him over, he handed the wheel to Luke and came over, "Yes." A mad clean in his eyes. "Bring out the Greek fire. " His eyes widend, knowing how dangerous the fire was. "Let's give 'me a taste of their own medicine." He nodded eagerly and ran of. We were still airborne, flying over the fleet when I gave the comand. "DROP ANKER." and it did, the anker came down, cries rang out as it crashing on the ship below. The first bang of a canon was heard, the hull of our ship was hit but it helld. "GO, GO, GO." I commanded my best fighters at the ready. "MAY THE SEA HAVE OUR SOULS." And I jumped. I jumped, grabbing the chain on the anker as I fell. I led myself slide down, knowing others did behind me too. I landed among the chaos of the ship below, hearing different battles going on above and beside us. Ropes had been dropped from our ship and more pirates came down. I drew my sword, meeting the sword of another. I disarmed him quickly and stabbed him, the sword going through him like butter. I shot a man running towards me on my left, I slached, stabbed and shot left and right, never hesitating. The battle went on. Ship's exploded around us, someone stood against my back. I didn't know who it was but I hoped it was on of mine. "It's just me," Margaret clarified. "Good," I mumbled, at least I hadn't lost another second in command. She struck her sword out like I did, shooting just as fast as I could. She really was my equal. We talked as I paried another sword. "What happens up there, " She kicked a man in the chest and said, "Oh, you know the usual, the slayer shooting down on the fleet below." I grinned, "Good." So we slached and fought until the deck was layered with blood but I was not afraid, not with Margaret to help me. Suddenly the deck was cleared, the soldiers stopped coming and we stood amongst the dead. My crew looked at me questionably, waiting for the order. Because the fight was not over yet canons were still to be heard. "C'mon!" I said as I ran to the mast. I pulled back my sword and slashed the mast as hard as I could, my strength almost failing me. Margaret new what I was doing and hit the pole as well. Together we hit the mast until it cracked, the mast came thundering down, making a bridge for us to cross to the next ship. And so the battle went on and on and on until I was empty handed, my gun empty and dropped, my sword stuck in a man's chest. Margaret had run of to kill elsewhere but I still had one more weapon. I walked across a few decks, all the ships had been pulled together with ropes, planks and in all sort of ways. Some ships were sinking, nothing more then a big piece of wood, I looked around every ship, searching for any familiar faces. It took very long but I looked at every face, if their face were to damaged I only needed to look at their attire, the Greeks had gleaming armor while ours were older but just as strong. I turned over a corpse and looked at the face and almost tumbled back in horror, half his face had been shot off, only his righter cheek remained intacked, his eyes rolling in their sockets. I recognized the face even if the damage made his once handsome face hardly recognizable. I closed his eye and lay my cloak over him, but such was not the way of my belief. I didn't belong to any country, religion or culture but I stuck to what I believed. I checked for any other faces I new and found none. I layed out a line of gun powder from the deck below and grabbed a burning piece of wood. I dumped the rest of the gunpowder and jumped to the next ship. I cut the ropes connecting the two ships together and threw the burning fakal, lighting the line. The ship was already sinking when it blew up, I watched it all while wishpering a prayer. "May the oceon lull you to a piecefull sleep, may your soul drift out and find home, may you find your desires, may you move on from this world and find a new one." I hadn't even known him that well, he had joined us last year, simply looking for an escape from his father and his responsibilities, promising to return a stronger man. A better one. One who new of honor and bravery. In the meantime he had found love, and was going to marry her next spring. "Thank you," I ended the prayer, "Thank you, beckendorf, good luck." The ship still burned as it sunk and