Chapter One Where it starts "What's your problem?" He yelled at me, pointing a finger at me and stepping forward, something flashing in his eyes. "You! You're my problem!" I yelled, breathing heavily. He just pushes my buttons, all rationality just goes out the window... "Why can't you just leave me ALONE! I'm sick and tired of this. It's making me feel so uncomfortable. JUST BACK OFF!" A flash of panic shot across his face but as quickly as it appeared it had gone. "You'd love that wouldn't you!" "Yes I would! That's why I'm yelling this in your face! Stop bothering me Paul!" I sighed, I looked right into his eyes and I knew he had no intention of backing off. Paul Lahote has been put on this planet for one reason and one reason only...to badger me until I EXPLODE! I whipped round my hair swishing around and catching me in my face. I groaned running a hand though it. Only then I realised that there was a group of people surrounding us in the cafeteria to watch our little spat. That includes a group of his little clone followers. I pushed through the small crowd and stormed off to regroup in the girls bathroom. As I got there I splashed some water across my face and looked at myself in the I really don't understand where all this...heat comes from when it comes to Paul. Ever since the first day I saw him he's been insulting me and won't let me pass without a snide comment here or there. Usually it wouldn't bother me but he really drives me crazy. I laughed out loud when I remembered that I actually thought he was gorgeous the first time I saw Mind you, who wouldn't find him attractive...most girls would. If not all girls, he has thick black short hair and golden bronzed skin. And he has a body like a Greek Adonis. His arms are thick and muscular and his chest...my god, you can tell he has a six pack under that T-shirt. But then there's his eyes. They say so much more than the rest of him. Sometimes when we're arguing they look like they are saying something completely different than what's coming out of his mouth... Ahem. Anyway. Paul, attractive or not is still an idiot. And I, unlike some of the other girls in my class, am not going to take verbal abuse from some muppet with muscles. I know this is a stupid idea. I shouldn't let myself stand out any more than I need to...I only moved here a week ago and I haven't made one single friend. It's bad enough that I am pretty much the only white girl in the whole school but to make matters worse I'm not even American. My dad moved us here from England. Everything here is so strange, they have different names for everything and sometimes it's hard to keep up. I looked at myself again and took a deep breath. I was alright looking I guess. I wasn't anything special but I didn't think I was bad looking. I had no idea why Paul has taken it upon himself to bother me so much. I looked at my hair. Oh yeah, that would make me a bit if a target. It had become unmanageable since we moved here. My brown curls just have a mind of their own and in all the drama if the move it's been easier to just leave them to it rather than tame them. The curls had grown wilder and thicker and they covered my shoulders. Almost the opposite of the gorgeous poker straight black hair the Quilete girls have. I should count myself lucky, my younger sister has gorgeous curly red hair. You can see her coming a mile off. She's a year below me. I hope she's doing a lot better than me and has at least made a friend or two. A week, we've been here a week and the only person to talk to me is Paul-sodding-Lahote. The school bell rang...I dragged myself to history class. I hope the teacher doesn't realise I know hardly anything about American history and that I am guaranteed to fail his class...oh wait hold on, of course he will know! It's out there as soon as I open my mouth! As I walked in I realised I was a little late, everyone had already taken their seats and the history teacher was standing at the front of the class ready to begin his lesson. He looked at me blankly. "Can I help you?" He asked me, looking through his thick lensed glasses. "Erm, yeah. I'm Annabelle. I'm new, I'm in your class?" I said, trying to speak clearly (I mutter when I get nervous). He blinked at me a few times. A few girls on the front row giggled. "I'm sorry I'm late, it's hard to navigate these halls sometimes." "Oh yes, Miss Prewett?" He smiled, exposing his browning teeth. "I'm Mr Anderson. I hear you're from jolly old England!" He laughed putting on a terrible English accent...we don't sound like that. Geesh. "Why don't you stand at the front of the class and tell us a little about yourself?" He stood back and gave me room at the front of the class like he wanted me to stand there and publicly declare something. I tried not to look too mortified as I stood in front of twenty odd students. They all looked at me expectantly. Thank god Paul wasn't in this class. Although there was two of his clones sitting at the back. Right, okay...deep breath... "Yeah, like I said I'm Annabelle Prewett. My family has just moved here from a little town just outside of London in England." All the faces just stared right back at me. Zero expression. I looked at Mr Anderson, he was nodding along with me smiling encouraging. Oh god he wanted more! What more is there... "My father got a job working in the council documenting the local historical culture." I looked around, they all just starred blankly. Like machines "Dad moved me and my little sister Janey and my older brother Derren here...that's it really." After a short pause Mr Anderson clapped and everyone else just stared at me. God, it was like I had insulted them...Jesus what did i say?...I hope I haven't insulted anyone. "Please Miss Prewett, take a seat. There's one at the back there." He said pointing at the empty seat located between two of Paul's clones. Deep breath, I walked through the desks, trying to not to hit anyone with my oversized brown leather satchel. I reached the back and sat down and Mr Anderson began his class. I tried my hardest not to look either side of me. I could feel their eyes on my face. Eyes to the front I kept telling myself. Eyes to the front. I could feel my cheeks begin to heat up. Oh god I was turning red. Surely they can't still be looking at me? Before I new it I heard a "Pssssssst" I turned at where the noise had come from, it wasn't one of the clones at all. It was another boy sitting in front of a clone on my right. He smiled at me, I smiled. "Hey Annabelle, what's going on with you and Paul Lahote?" He asked me. My jaw nearly hit the floor, I tried to keep my cool but I nearly flipped my lid right there and then. "What do you mean 'what's going on?'" I asked him, trying not to bite his head off...I need to make some friends. He laughed at that. "You know what I'm talking about, you're always arguing and starring at each other." What? Starring at each other, I don't think that's right... "Shut up Wesley, that has nothing to do with you." Snapped the clone sat behind him. The boy (apparently called Wesley) turned around to look at me. "And what does it have to do with you Jared?" Wesley asked, "More than it has to do with you!" He growled, a sound coming from deep in his throat...what on earth is going on... "Look," I hissed, keeping an eye on Mr Anderson. " I don't know what you two are on even about...you mean Paul Lahote?" "Yeah" laughed Wesley, "do you know of any other Paul's that follow you round like a love sick puppy?" I looked at Wesley then, what was he talking about. Paul didn't follow me around, he hated me. I'm so confused, if he did like me then why did he give me such a hard time...clearly this Wesley guy was nuts. I looked over and Wesley had a big grin on his face and Jared was glaring at him breathing "You're off your rocker." I said to wesley. They both looked at me strangely, but Wesley had a big smile on his face. "It means you're crazy. You know, a few sandwiches short of a picnic." They both looked at me, I had gotten this reaction a few times. Like I'm speaking a different language... But for some reason Wesley laughed. "That's awesome! 'You're off your rocker!' He said in a fake British accent. I couldn't help but laugh too, his impression of me was so terrible it was funny. Jared just looked at us like we were crazy. "Hey I don't sound like that!" I laughed. "Hey I don't sound like that!" Wesley mimicked. I laughed again, putting my hand over my mouth looking to see if Mr Anderson had heard us. He hadn't. He was still oblivious lecturing about the American constitution. I'm pretty sure the first front row was asleep. "So Annie, can I call you Annie?" Said Wesley ignoring the glares of Jared. I nodded, "if there's nothing going on with you and Paul, what are you doing tonight?" I looked at him, was he asking me out. I felt my face heating up more. Wesley was alright looking. His hair was long, thick and black and pulled back in a pony tail and his skin a lovely bronzed colour. He looked a happy-relaxed kind of guy. He was wearing some baggy denim jeans and a khaki coloured jumper. He looked like a laugh... "I'm not doing anything actually." I smiled back at Wesley. He was grinning at me. "Great, well I'll pick you up at 7:30. We'll catch a bite to eat and head to the movies?" He grinned, looking very pleased with himself. I couldn't help but beam back...My first ever date! "You live in the old Saunders place don't you?" "The what? No...by the edge of the forest by the old abandoned shack". I said, trying to remember where I lived, my mind went blank for a second there. He laughed "yeah, that's the Saunders old place." "Oh right," I laughed, "is that meant to mean something?" "Don't you know? It's where Jerry Saunders was attacked by a..." "Shut up Wesley!" Growled Jared shaking in his chair. I looked at him, Jared looked like he was about to explode his face was white and his fist was clenched so tight I thought he was going to break the pen he was holding. "Chill out Jared!" Said the other Paul clone on the other side of me, he looked very worried. "You know what'll happen if you don't." Jared took some deep breaths. "What'll happen if he doesn't?" I asked, wondering. My brother has anger issues too. He is constantly slamming doors and breaking things. For some reason this seemed different. Why was this Jared angry anyway? What happened to Saunders in our house? Jared and the other clone both looked at me blankly. "He'll have kittens." Laughed Wesley. I laughed too. I was surprised that he wasn't put off by these two thugs either side of me. One of them could easily beat him up,