ReturnTo Middle Earth She felt as if she were falling. It was like coming from weightlessness. There was pressure on her body, pushing her down further and further until the ground reached up to meet her. Then it was gone, but the weight and fullness of her body remained. With a gasp of air, she opened her eyes for the first time in one hundred and fifty years. She blinked several times before she realized she was staring at blue sky; feeling real sun on her face, grass beneath her. She had been returned to the world from Mandos' Hall. At that thought, the Valar appeared before her. "You have been returned Raina of Gondolin. They will have need of you here, favored one. You were not meant to join the hall of warriors. Something beyond out control pushed you into your previous fate. We have rectified this transgression. We could not return you to Gondolin, for it has fallen. However we have placed you at the edge of Lothlorien. There you will find Lord Celeborn of Doraith and Lady Galadriel. They will provide you with what you need. Do not tarry long though, you will be needed in Imladris eventually." As suddenly as they appeared, they were gone. Raina stared after them for a moment before rising to her feet. She was dressed, but unarmed. Unsure of what dangers she would face, she followed the direction of the gods and entered the trees. There was a worn path to which she set her feet gladly. She only wished for her faithful steed, Mithril. Before she had gone too far into the forest, she halted. There wasn't any sound or sight, that alerted her to the presence, but she knew there was someone on each side of her and someone in front. "I know you're there." She called out and waited patiently. The three sentries melted out of the trees like ghosts. They blended so well with their surroundings that had she not sensed them, she'd have never known they were there. As they moved closer, she detected something familiar about the one in front of her. "What is your business in Lorien?" He asked in a distant and cold voice, soft, yet deadly. "I am visiting old friends, the Lord and Lady of these woods." She answered politely. "And your name?" The sentry questioned. "Raina of Gondolin." Came her reply and suddenly had a knife pressed to her throat, under the hood of her cloak. "You lie! That great Lady has been in the Hall of Mandos for over a century." He spat, yanking back her hood. When he saw her face, his own showed shock. "Nay, it cannot be! You perished. I saw your death as sure as I see your face." It took a moment for her to recall who had been present at her death. "Haldir?" She said questioningly. "Aye, but how came you to be here? When I saw you last, your wounds were terminal. You protected us, until our father could get to us. But you had lost so much blood…" He trailed off. "Yes. I was dead, but I have been returned." "Like your brother?" "My brother was among those in the Hall?" "You wouldn't know. He died after you. When the forces attacked Gondolin, you protected us from the soldiers until father could get us out. However your brother drew their balrog away, to the great cliff. They killed each other. The Valar saw fit to return him. He is now in Imladris." "What is Imladris?" "Lord Elrond's mountain haven." "Ah, he did build it then. I think it best I go on to Celeborn now. There are many more things to discuss. I'm sure I'm taking from you from duties." "Lady, it is a great joy to see you again, but if you will wait but an hour, our relief will be here and my brothers and I will escort you to Caras Galadon." "Then I shall wait. Brothers? Haldir, they were but tiny babies when I was alive." He gestured to the other two sentries. "The tall one is Orophin, and the small one is Rumil." "We do not remember you Lady, but Haldir has told us of you many times. We would be honored to escort you." Rumil stated easily. "I would not think you would remember me, you were so small, both of you. I think only one and two years at most. How is your mother though?" "She sailed to Valinor after Gondolin fell. She was not well and father followed as he always did. The Lord and Lady raised us as their own, thought mother asked for you. Her mind wasn't right after that battle and your death." "I'm so sorry, dear ones, I was not meant to die then, the Valar told me. I missed so much, but I am here now, as long as you need or want me." She hugged Haldir, raising an arm to embrace Orophin and Rumil as well. Not long after they heard the sound of horses and three new sentries appeared. The new elves took up their post and the brothers gathered their gear. They mounted their own horses and Haldir pulled her up behind him. "Your mounts look like…" "Mithril? They are direct descendents. This is Mithroch. That is Miel, and Orophin has Eleniel. Lord Celeborn took possession of him upon your death. No one else could get near him. We could never figure out why." Raina smiled into his shoulder. "Mithril was a gift from Celeborn when we were very young. We trained him together, ourselves. This was before he met Galadriel. There was a time when it was thought we would marry. I love him, but not in the way he loves his Lady, and she him. We would not have lasted through the centuries like they have." She explained softly. When they reached the city gates of Caras Galadon, Haldir sent a runner ahead to inform the Lord and Lady. They reduced their pace the tree city's center. The runner raced up the steps to the council chambers. The March Warden had given him only one word for the Lord of Lorien. His breath came swift as he pushed the doors open. Lord Celeborn looked up sharply at the intrusion. The runner caught his breath as best he could before he spoke. "My Lord. I have a message from March Warden Haldir." He said quickly. The Lord nodded for him to continue. "He travels in from the border with his brothers and a woman. He said to only give you one word, my Lord." "The word?" Lord Celeborn asked, curiosity in his voice. "He said only the word 'Raina', my Lord." Celeborn shot up out of his chair. "What?!" He had gone almost white. "You are sure, that is what he said?" the Lord questioned vehemently. "Yes, my Lord. I am sure." The runner affirmed. He pondered for a moment, before the color returned to him and let loose a joyful laugh, not heard in the council chamber ever. "Thank you, Messenger. Council is over. Messenger; take this word also to my Lady. She will be most pleased." With that Lord Celeborn shed his ceremonial robes for the loose shirt and breeches he wore beneath and dashed out the doors and down the steps to meet the incoming sentries. Raina slid down from the horses back at the steps of the talan of the Lord and Lady of the wood. Celeborn skidded to a halt in front of her. She remembered him being a little more vibrant, but time and some loss had dimmed him a little. He laughed a happy laugh and swept her up into a tight hug. They had always been great friends and it felt like she was finally home. "Lady Raina, my dear, you have returned to us." Celeborn stated joyfully, tears glistening in his eyes. He still held her tight to his chest. Galadriel floated down the steps behind him and gently pried her husbands away so that she could wrap Raina in a hug as well. Haldir agreed to meet with her later as the Lord and Lady led her away. "How long have I been away? Haldir mentioned that its been over a century but he didn't say exactly how long." Raina asked when she and Celeborn were alone. Galadriel had gently scolded her husband about leaving the council hanging and left to finish the meeting herself. "It has been one hundred and fifty years. Do you know of your brother?" "Aye, Haldir told me." "He was sent back twenty years ago. Were you not together in the Halls of Waiting?" "No. It is not a place of family and friends. You are always alone. Things are not like they are here." She shivered at the thought of the place she had been for the last century. "He is in Imladris." "Haldir mentioned that as well. I do not know what would drive him there though." "He and Elrond have always been friends. Elrond needed a seneschal to captain the guard there. That and Erestor is there." She smiled. "That explains everything, then. What of Ereinion? I never thought to see Elrond leave the King's side." "He perished in the final battle that followed the fall of Gondolin. I'm afraid everyone went to Elrond's sanctuary, but the brothers and us. Even Celebrian went. Erestor is his aide, ever happy enmeshed in affairs of state. Glorfindel is happily guarding his new home. Lindir is the court musician there." "My pretty cousin was just a babe, like Haldir's brothers. But you have said little of Celebrian. Is she well, precocious little thing that she is?" "She has sailed to Valinor. She married Elrond after your death. They were not well suited to each other. They were friends but never were the great loves I wished they would become. I had hoped they would find what her mother and I have, but it was not so. They had three children together: Elladan and Elrohir, the twins and Arwen, the youngest and only girl. Celebrian went out riding when they were very small. The twins were five I think and Arwen only three. Orcs attacked her. She was not a warrior. They broke her spirit and her body. Elrond healed what he could, but she would not allow him to heal her heart. She stayed for a while, with him, but the hate in her heart grew. She came home to us, but even we could not help her. She sailed to Valinor a few short years ago. Glorfindel blamed himself for a long time because he wasn't there that day. He was away visiting Thuranduil." "I grieve with you for her. I loved her as though she were my own. She did not deserve such a fate. I can only pray that she is well in the Undying Lands." "Thank you, my friend. Tell me of the Valar. Have they set a task for you?" "They said only that I must go to Imladris and that I will soon be needed there." "You will stay a little time with us though, will you not? We have so much more to catch up on." "I will stay for a time, but then I must journey on. I miss my brother, Celeborn. I have a great desire to see the place Elrond has built, to see him as well." "Your heart still calls for him. I often thought about you when my Lady and daughter were planning the wedding. I wondered frequently if his heart still called for you. You were meant for one another, I believe. It is a cruel fate that robbed you of the opportunity presented to my daughter." Raina didn't like the melancholy turn their conversation was taking and decided to lighten the mood. "Well if Elrond wont have me, and if your Lady ever grows weary of