Disclaimer: This story is not intended, in any way, for profit or any other sort of remuneration. All creative rights to the characters and the world of The Hunger Games belongs to Suzanne Collins. A/N: This story is unbeta'ed and English is not my native language, so I apologize for any mistakes there could be. If someone is interested in beta-reading my Hunger Games content, please let me know. Free Evening (25 years old) Peeta's POV Today I finished early. Not because there wasn't work to do or clients to attend, but because I had finally delegated on Bruce the run of the bakery. He had almost thrown me out of the place, seeing how I was reluctant to go, not convinced of leaving him alone. He kept repeating he didn't need me there, that he knew how to do everything, that the bakery was in good hands. Before I knew it, I was out in the street looking at the facade of my working place, noticing how people were walking by me. I still remember the day I met Bruce a couple of years ago. I was actually helping rebuild some houses for families that were to come to District Twelve. He came that day to help as well. A thin, tall, young adult with short dark hair and pale skin. I didn't notice him until I heard him speak. "What I miss? I miss my mother's bread," he said looking to the ground, his expression unreadable. He was collecting some planks from the floor, working close to the person he was talking to, Rob, one of the first men that had returned home . "I miss all her cooking, but specially the bread," he continued. "Thank heavens I learned from her while I still had time," he finished with a sad smile looking at his partner. Rob, older and rugged, slapped him on the shoulder and squeezed gently, sharing in his loss. "You'll have to let me try one day, hmm? One of your dishes, or maybe some bread?" voiced Rob cleaning his sweaty forehead with his hand. The younger one agreed merrily, happy to have found someone interested in something he loved. "You like to bake?" I asked suddenly, interrupting their conversation, unable to stop myself. Bruce turned to look at me and for a moment, he looked shocked, recognizing who I was. I guess participating in two Hunger Games broadcasted on national television made it hard for anyone not to recognize me. "Oh, look who's heard you? The town's baker!" shouted Rob smiling in my direction. "Are you worried you may have competition, Mellark?" he joked leaning on the shovel he had been using to clean the debris that was in this area. I smirked a little. "Peeta, this is Bruce, a newcomer from Thirteen. Bruce, this is..." "I know who he is," the boy spoke quickly before Rob could finish. "Hi, I'm Bruce Cormack," he introduced himself stretching his hand towards me. I shook it, noticing how the shocked expression had vanished and now there was a look of admiration. "And yes, I like to bake", he answered with a beaming smile. That was our beginning, of Bruce and I. The next day I invited him to the unfinished bakery. It was still being rebuilt, although it had all the necessary parts to operate. He seemed impressed, even though there wasn't much to be impressed about. It was right there that I started to see that Bruce didn't need much to be satisfied, which is how I felt about many things in life. I asked him to make a loaf of bread, to which he accepted. While he was working in the backroom, me pacing the room watching him mix the ingredients, I couldn't help smile to myself. He knew what he was doing, and most importantly, he was enjoying it. If I couldn't see a talent right there in front of my eyes, then I couldn't have survived two arenas. I offered him a job that evening, as my assistant, convinced that he would be just what I needed. Lately I had been feeling how work was picking up, due to the arrival of more people to the district. The bakery was in no way operating at a hundred percent, and I had a hunch that District Twelve was going to bloom in the following years. So I was going to need someone to help me, or it was going to be too much. "But I don't know how to make pastries, or cakes..." Bruce said overwhelmed, almost shyly. "It doesn't matter, I'll show you," I replied calmly. "For now you have the most important things to start, eagerness and the basics. The rest will come naturally, you'll see." The young boy nodded, hesitant between showing how content he was or acting more serious, more adult like. "See you tomorrow morning then?" I asked when we were at the entrance, the bakery already closed. He nodded once again mumbling a nervous "Thank you" and left, making a winning movement with his arm when he was about the end of the street. I was glad to have made his day. Now I was at home with a free evening on my hands. The house was empty when I arrived, which didn't surprised me. Nobody was expecting me at this time of the day. I went upstairs to my bedroom and took a shower. It was when I was coming out of the bathroom that I heard her. "Peeta?" she said coming up the stairs unsure of someone answering. "Yes?" I replied drying my hair with a towel, stepping out towards the bed. I had put on a white bathrobe for my body. She appeared under the threshold of the door with a surprised expression on her face. "What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in the bakery?" she asked getting closer. Now I was seated at the end of the bed, drying my legs and feet. "Good to see you too" I greeted sarcastically. "Oh, c'mon... You know I'm glad to have you here," Katniss answered quickly coming to sit by me on the matress. "It's just that it is weird to see you here at this time of the day." She held my arm lovingly, offering me a nice small smile. Then her face changed, looking worried. "Did something happened? Do you feel well?" I knew why she was asking. Most of the other times I had come home early were because I'd had an outbreak, a consequence of my hijacking by the Capitol. The attacks normally happened more at home and in her presence than away and in front of others. In any case, it always worried her. "I'm fine," I reassured her dropping the towel and taking her smaller but callused hands. "I just left Bruce running the bakery." "You did? Finally?" her voice sounded surprised and joyful. "He's very talented and capable. I'm sure he'll do great." "I know, I think the same way," I agreed with her while our hands kept playing with each other's. "And..." she started, the corners of her mouth lifting, "he learned from the best." Then she kissed me in the neck, just right under my jaw. "Thank you," I replied sincerely. Katniss truly appreciated my skills as a baker, not only because I could make cookies, cheese buns, cakes and other sorts of pastries delicacies that she loved, but because I could make good bread, a symbol that represented so much to her. She treasured my hands. According to her words, I could 'create life with them.' A lot of it had to do with what I made her feel with them when we slept together. But a greater deal had to do with how I was able to create and build things. Food, paintings, drawings, houses and buildings down in the town, it all came from my hands. And so, she always reminded me how much she liked them, as she was doing now, massaging them. "How has your day been so far?" I questioned. "Good. I went hunting this morning. Then I went to see Mrs. Denald and Mr. Hillack. Now I just came back from visiting Greasy Sae and her granddaughter. How was your's?" "We did pretty well this morning. Slowed down afterwards." I said referring to the quantity of bread loaves and pastries Bruce and I had sold at the bakery. "And what were you planning to do now?" She stopped massaging my hands, and so I went for her braid, which was resting on top of her shoulder. I started playing with the hair at the end of it. "I had two options in mind. The first one was to continue the painting I've been working on lately, the second was to go out to look for you and do something together outdoors. If you felt like it, of course." It had been some time since we had gone for a walk or visited the woods together. "Well, I think I have a better one." Katniss stood up, interrupting my game with the braid, and got into my personal space, sitting on my good leg, the right one. She hugged me and stroked my wet hair out of my forehead. "You do?" I said playing dumb. This was getting interesting. "Yes," she said sensually. "I have you here, all for myself, and for once during the evening, and not only at night." Never count our free evenings during the weekends. "I'm planning to enjoy you as much as I can." Katniss kissed my cheek and moved one hand under my bathrobe to caress my shoulder. "I hope you can do the same." "Always," I replied inhaling her earthly smell and seeing how the warm sunrays of May that came through the window bathed her skin. That answer made her still. In the end, she still remembered. She looked at me with a world of emotions on her eyes, the dominant ones being love and gratitude. She had confessed to me time ago she couldn't understand how I could love her so purely, so genuinely, without barriers or obstacles. Well, my hijacking had been a big obstacle, one I still had to fight sometimes. But not even that had deterred my immense love for her. She began to kiss me slowly, her hands opening my bathrobe, leaving my torso exposed. That time I had answered her why I love her so much. There were so many reasons I couldn't stop naming them, but I made her remember the important ones. "Why do I love you, Katniss?" I asked, starting a dialogue we had played many times before. I felt her smiling lips against my neck. "Because I'm special to you," she answered between the kisses she was dropping along my neck and shoulder. One of her hands was exploring my back, the other one my abdomen. Mine were just holding her, resting around her waist. "Why else?" "Because I'm beautiful on the inside as well as on the outside," she replied licking and nipping my earlobe. "Keep going," I encouraged her. I wasn't sure if I meant the talking or her ministrations on me. Probably both. "Then lay down on the bed," she whispered before standing up in front of me. She started to remove her boots and socks; the pants followed after. I did as she said, dragging myself towards the headboard of the bed. I didcarded the bathrobe, which ended laying half on top of the mattress, half on the floor. Leaning on my elbows, I observed her coming towards me, first getting on top of the bed, then crawling until she was straddling me. Her naked legs glued my attention right away. I adored them, their strength and how well shaped they were. Once she was seated on top of me, she took off her light sweater, her eyes never breaking contact with mine. Now