*Hey guys, I'm terribly sorry for delting the first chapter, I was having some problems with the format (still am actually). Hopefully I'll get it all sorted out. Anyway, here it is again. I also wanted to thankyou for following me (two followers in like two days it's insane), you don't know how much it means to me. I do hope you could find me again, I'd hate to loose you* AUTHORS NOTE: Hey guys, it's Pheobe. This is my first story ever so I'm very excited! It's about the PJO and HOO fandom, and I will try to fit in as many characters as possible from it. Even though I will try to maintain their personalities as much as possible, they are not sons or daughters of gods and therefore don't have any powers. It takes place in the fictional city of Bagradàh (although I won't lie to you, I kind of imagined Aladdin's city because I have never been to an arabic one). I'm not a religious person and I only know the basics about the muslim culture, so if I make any mistakes related to that theme I'd be very happy if you could point them out for me so I could fix them. I will try to publish more as soon as I can, but school is starting again (:/) so I can't assure exaclty when I will upload. I promise I will finsih it, though! Anyway, enough talking –typing-, enjoy! Her honey hair was like a whip into the air, lashing a hit after the other, moved by the wind and sand that had beaten them non-stop since last week. She turned her head slightly to avoid the flocks going into her mouth and eyes. Her face was red by the constant gust that felt at times like if it didn't let you breathe properly, pressuring the lungs until you were left panting before even running. The small grains of sand irritated her skin; they were barely visible, but stinged. "She is so beautiful" he couldn't help thinking. Everything about her opened a door that flooded his mind with flowers: her nose, which was always so cold, no matter if it was antartica or a mid-summer heat wave; her chin, which she dug into his collarbone when she was sad; her hands, so smooth… Her whole body, roundish and curvy, soft and sweet, brought memories of secret nights running into the forest, afternoons in the palace gardens, mornings in the strawberry fields. He loved her. Deeply, totally. Their relation wasn't the easiest, but Travis loved a good challenge. - - Stop it. He froze, his hands stuck in mid-air. - - I know you are behind me Travis. I really hope that when I turn around I don't find you holding that stupid invention of yours or I'll… He pulled the object to his back, stood up straight and grinned. She turned around and looked at him, her hands on her hips and a frowned expression. - - What are you hiding behind your back? - - Nothing. – He blurted, probably a little bit too fast. - - I swear, if you were going to throw juice over me again… Katie started walking towards him. When she was just four inches apart, he threw the object he was holding far away, behind his back, grabbed Katie around her wrist and lifted her up. At first she protested, trying to let go off his arms, bust she ended up laughing. Travis tickled her and to stop him, she kissed him. They stood there for a while, the wind pulling Katie's long hair all over the place, as if it was a curtain. He could feel the sweet taste of chocolate on her lips, and she could feel him smiling under the kiss. Suddenly, a stronger wave of sand and air hit them, and a guardian approached. - - Princess Katherine, Prince Travis. We should get inside the tent. Our guide says a sand-storm is coming. Katie threw a worried glanced at him and held his hand tighter, and then followed the guard. Travis looked around. The dunes were bathed in the gold sunlight of the afternoon, so perfect they looked more as if they had been sculpted rather than set by the treachurous mistrals. It seemed somehow unreal, like if they were only a mirage. - - Prince Travis? He woke up of his thoughts and drew towards the tent. He was about to go in when he stopped. - - How long until we arrive? - - We are expected to be there in two more days, your highness. - - Thankyou, escourt. { The market was an explosion of smells, colours, soft cloths and strong spices. The infite shades of desert browns mixed with the lively pinks, greens, purples and golds of the saris and the sweet and sour taste of cinnamon, tumeric, cloves, nutmeg and coriander. There were fakirs eating fire and sybils telling futures, and there was a certain magic in the atmosphere, like the dust that dances supended in the air. Two figures, covered from head to toe, moved around silently, trying to become unnoticed. They entered an alleyway behind the stucco houses. - - Did you see any guards? - - Barely. - - There most be something cooking in palace. - - Maybe the future queen has finally picked a suitor. - - We would be hearing it all over the market in that case. - - Probably. Did you get anything? A tanned, rough hand emerged the tunic: it was holding an pomegranate. The second figure lifted her head, seizing the fruit. Hard blue eyes looked from under the dark clothing. She said nothing, but her eyes read "Only?". - - It was the only I could snatch before they noticed anything. – His voice sounded nervous, sad, apologetic. The girl realized he felt bad for not being able to get more, and felt a pang in her heart. - - It's great. – She smiled, and he looked up with a hopeful smile. He reminded her so much of a little boy in some things –movements, expressions, pouting faces─ although he was fourteen now, his marked jawline taking away his childish face. It had been seven years since she'd found him on the street, curled up in a ball and without any tears left. They covered up again and looked carefully into the main street before walking out swiftly. { - - But you have to! - - Well I WON'T! Reyna was loosing her temper. Just when she had thought that everything would be okay, that she'd finally be happy. She was two weeks away from her official coronation in front of her people. She would finally be the queen of Bagradà now they wanted to make her marry someone. - - But, please, your majesty, you must understand… - - Of course I undertand: I am too weak to rule our beautiful country, so I need a man – There was so much hatred in the way she spit that word – to help me. - - No, your majesty, it's not… - - Save it. Don't you start reciting all of the rules and decrees. As you may seem to have forgotten, I've spent the last eighteen years learning them. Alongside with seven languages and all the sciences and arts of my kingdom. And the law that forced a women to marry before taking the throne was cancelled, exactly four years eight months and three days ago. You have been telling me it's for my own good, sending me to see princes from all over the world since I was eleven. And I never found one that was right. We agreed then I could proceed alone; the council approved. Why do I have to go through this when I am so close to becoming queen? Is the council scared that if I am left to rule alone I'll change their stupid, antiquated laws? Because nothing is going to stop me from that, not even getting married to an old-fashioned pedant prince. - - But… - - That is it. I don't want to hear anymore. Please retire yourself this instant from my chambers. If you do not so immediately I will send my personal escourt to acompany you outside. Piper saw how Reyna held her chin up high until the councelor disappeared, and how then she crumbled; her poker face vanished, her wall of security and strenght to pieces. She let herself fall onto her bed, and contained a sob. Piper drew closer and, after doubting for a few seconds, sat down beside her. A servant was typically not allowed to do anything without permission, but Piper had been Reyna's maiden since they were little, and the future queen trusted no one so much as she trusted her. She took her hair and untangled her braid to put it up in a bun, taking it away from her face. Her almond eyes were closed, and there were violet bags under them. She removed all jewelry and fancy dressings, slowly and carefully so she didn't move her. She opened the window to let fresh air come into the room, and then left silently. She knew her majesty more than anyone, and although Reyna was strong and fearless, tireless and a great leader, sometimes the pressure of palace was too much for her. But she never would have accepted pity, that is why Piper left, closing the door with key, instead of talking to her. She just looked up and prayed to the gods that her queen stood tall over all. { The night was dark and cold, and no one who hadn't spent their life in Bagradàh would have believed that the burning gold sun that bathed the city during the day set in the horizon to allow an iced veil cover the city. Everything was dark, only illuminated by the faint light of a million stars and a candle behind the windows here and there. Everything seemed to sleep, not only the people. There was so much life during the day, it seemed impossible for it to die down. All the colours disappeared, like if they had been coated with ashes; even the smells vanished, and Percy could only feel darkness and the burnt smell of the oil lamp that spread dim light. He felt someone approache from behind and little after a hand ruffling his dark, messy hair. He turned around and smiled. Thalia's face was only half lit, the small flame causing shadows on her face. Although she was trying to hide it, she looked tired. Percy knew her too well: her coal, shiny hair that looked as if it had blue streaks, extremely short – She always said she didn't have time to grow long hair, and that it might tangle and bother her during their "excursions" (as she called them)─ ; her sun freckles all over her nose and cheeks; her immensely deep azur eyes; her smirk; the way she always gave him the bigger piece when they cut something in half; the way she gave the blankets to him when the cold became unbearable, saying they bothered her; the way she insisted in standind guard even when she was exhausted; the fierce, nearly scary, look she gave the palace guards; the way she talked about the palace and the royal family, with mock and hate. Percy had lived with her since he was seven, when she had picked him up from the streets. Thalia was like a sister for him. He would go to the end of the world for her, he would do anything for her. Well, almost anything… - - Tomorrow will be better. – Thalia must have seen the worry in his eyes. – I know these days haven't been the best, but we'll have better luck soon. Percy felt a pinch of guilt. It