notes: how tf did i write this? tf? how is this my first fic of 2017? how (for an anon on tumblr) . . . a "short" story . . . Okay, here was the thing—Leo knew that he was short. He was totally, one hundred percent aware of it. He made it the center of half of his jokes, supported people calling him "Little Leo", and even dressed up like an elf every Christmas. Really, in all honesty, he was absolutely fine with it. But, despite it all, it didn't stop people's jokes from rubbing him the wrong way every once in a while. It didn't help that he was dating a fucking mountain, either. Jason was six foot freaking one for the gods' sakes. Leo couldn't escape the constant jokes no matter how hard he tried. Want an example? He was in the Bunker with an audience, recalling a life-or-death experience for a couple of good-natured laughs. "So then I was like, the fuck is the Bacchanalian Jingle, you know? I thought we were gonna die. So then I got to thinking, I can't sing, and I had just finished an episode of Psych, like, a good hour before, so I was like— uh— " Something was very wrong, Leo noticed. For one thing, Travis and Connor had these looks on their faces that read " What the hell is going on?". For another, Nyssa looked overly amused over their shoulders. It was after seeing her that he realized the obvious—that there was a pair of tan arms wrapped around his torso, and that he was a good foot and a half off of the ground. It could only mean one of two things: either Percy was trying to dump him in the lake again, or Jason was finally back from sword practice. "Hey," Jason giggled into the back of his neck, and it was all hot breath and smiles and it made Leo blush. Jason gently set him down on his feet on the messy Bunker floor while Nyssa sported one hell of a smirk. The Stoll brothers started looking around the room as if they were intruding on something, which Leo's mind happily replied with they are now. "Sup," Leo chirped back as he turned to face his boyfriend, prompting him to lean down so he could peck him on the cheek. "Hey, I was just in the middle of telling them about the time we fought the Maenads—" "You know what?" Nyssa interrupted with that same smirk still on her face. "I think I'm more interested in hearing how the weather was up there." He rolled his eyes as Travis and Connor snickered. "Ha, ha, very funny." Leo jumped when he felt the soft pressure of a hand on the small of his back. "You wanna go somewhere?" asked Jason lowly, a small smile gracing his lips. "Yeah, sure." Leo grumbled, letting Jason lead him out of the entrance of Bunker 9. It was their loss, anyway—the Maenad story was a pretty good one. The next person to make a snide comment about Jason and Leo's height difference was Piper, naturally. As much as Leo loved her, he hated her guts more than anyone, as any honorary sibling should. The two of them were gonna fight it out to the death someday. He had yet to choose a date and a time. The three of them were hanging out on the stretch of beach that ran along the coast of the Sound, on a warm sunny day when most of the cabins came out to play and enjoy the dull crashing of the waves. Most of the campers were still in their t-shirts—they had just finished classes, after all—but Leo had traded his jeans and and camp shirt for a pair of swim trunks he'd bargained from the Stoll brothers. It was a buy-one-get-one-free deal. Leo didn't see the need for both pairs, so naturally he gave one to Jason. They were kinda small and made his ass look big. Leo saw it as a win-win situation. Jason didn't swim much, so Leo stayed on the surf with him, but they had a great view of Percy and Piper shredding up the son of Poseidon-induced waves that banked the shore. Leo didn't know where they'd gotten the surfboards from, but he could bet money that the Stolls had something to do with it. It was getting hotter by the minute, and while it didn't bother him as much, he was sure that watching Percy repeatedly fall into the cool water wasn't really helping Jason's case. His chest was glistening, and the sunscreen Leo had rubbed all over him was thinning out with sweat. "Jace, you sure you don't want to take a dip?" he offered, motioning past the frolicking demigods to the calm waves. He looked at the churning water, then gulped. "Unless, you know, you're still worried about Poseidon drowning you or something. Because if that's it, I totally understand." "I guess I wouldn't mind a swim," Jason mused, stretching out his toned legs in the golden sun before pulling them close to his chest. He shot Leo a hopeful look, reaching for his hand. "Would you come with me?" He asked, then smirked. "I'd rather not drown alone." Leo snorted, quickly bouncing to his feet before brushing the sand off of his legs. "Well, when you put it that way…" Jason laughed, grabbing his hand as he stood. "Come on!" Leo was the first to plunge into the water. He pressed past the frothy, stubborn waves as Jason slowly made his way in behind him, laughing all the while—and before he knew it, the water was waist-up, right up to the band of his trident-printed swim trunks. He waited for Jason, blinking against the harsh light of the sun, and he caught up to Leo, wrapping his arms around his shoulders with a laugh as the waves pushed at Leo's back. Leo pressed up close against him and smiled into his collarbone. The water reached just a little above Jason's knees. Jason leaned down and kissed him, sweet and soft. He tasted of salty ocean spray and the sweetness of laughter. Leo had just pulled back to press his forehead against his and burrow his head into his chest when Piper, speak of the devil, started shrieking at them out of nowhere, trying to get their attention as she waved her arms from her red and white surfboard. "Hey! You two! Come over here you dumb nerds!" Leo let out the loudest groan his body could muster while Jason just smiled happily, one arm loose around Leo waist. He raised his hand to cup his mouth before calling back, "Hey, Pipes! Be right over!" Leo froze. Wait. Be right over? As in, he and Jason were going to the deep end of the beach? He glanced at the water that puddled around his waist, then back at the shore. They were maybe three feet in now, but the where the shallows ended, they'd be close to six feet in—and Leo wasn't that hot of a swimmer. His voice was almost shrill when he spoke up. "Um, Jay, how about we go back to the shore to put on some more sunscreen?" "In a sec," Jason mumbled absently, pressing a chaste kiss to Leo's lips before taking his hand in his again. "Let's go over and see Piper and Percy first. I wanna push Percy off his surfboard." Leo chuckled, but it didn't do much to calm his nerves. He gripped Jason's hand and took a couple of hesitant steps forward. "Well, okay. If you say so." They pushed into the swirling water, every step down the slope of sand making Leo more nervous. As the water rose to his shoulders, it also rose to Jason's waist, and by the time Leo was neck deep and almost standing on his toes, Jason was in up to his shoulders, still smiling an oblivious smile as he waved over to Percy and Piper, who were a few feet away. Jason started forward, and Leo panicked. There was no way in Hades he was gonna get over there. "Jason! Psst. Get back here." "Huh?" Jason turned to peer over his shoulder. It took him one, two, three moments to stare at Leo quizzically with his blond brows knit together before something clicked. Jason blue eyes went wide as his expression morphed into something close to Oh! Yeah! He no swim! Jason quickly waded back to him, and Leo shivered when he felt his Jason's hands run along his waist beneath the water. "It's too deep; I forgot." he mumbled, expression apologetic as he pressed a kiss to Leo's forehead, making Leo's face heat up again. Jason squeezed his waist. "Want a piggyback ride?" "Will you drop me?" Leo questioned as Jason turned his back to him. "Probably not," Jason answered, and then, after a moment, "Well, hopefully not." Leo scrambled onto Jason's back, shivering at the cold wind as he latched his arms around his neck from behind and pressed the warmth of his chest to his skin. The waves battered his back, but he felt safer when Jason slid his strong hands around his thighs. Leo exhaled before pressing in closer, burying his face in Jason's neck. "I really, really, really hope Poseidon's in a good mood today." In a second, the two of them were off, moving sluggishly amidst the water. As they approached, Piper and Percy looked like they were in the middle of a heated debate, but they ceased their bickering when they saw the two of them and traded their scowls for smiles. "Hey lovebirds, I haven't seen you all day!" called Piper from her board, her hair grasping at her cheeks as the wind tossed it to and fro. She followed up her greeting by ruffling both of their hair, rousing twin groans from both of their mouths. She turned her wolfish grin on Leo, eyes sparkling. "Wow, Leo, you look different. Have you gotten taller?" "Stoooop," he groaned, stuffing his face in the warmth of Jason's neck. His wet hair clung his forehead, and he reached up to brush it away. "I swear to the gods, If you called me all the way over here just for that—" "Wait, wait," Piper beamed, turning to share a conspiring look with Percy before taking her hand and plunging it under the water. "I got a better one: all those boarding Jason Grace must be this tall to ride!" "Hey!" Jason blurted, stumbling just enough to make Leo nervous. Leo felt the tips of his ears grow hot, and then scowled. "McLean, if you don't stop making gross jokes right now I swear on the Styx I'll—" "Come over here and get me?" she joked. "Could you even swim that far?" Okay—that was it. "Jason." Leo muttered lowly as Percy and Piper hopped off of their boards. "Put me down." Jason craned his neck to peer over his shoulder, standing back to give them room. "But—" Leo glared. "Do. It." Jason frowned, then let Leo slide into the water. Long story short, that end of the surf was hotter than a jacuzzi after that. In the Big House, there's a weathered mark over the infirmary door where a piece of mistletoe used to be. Someone had taped it up there in the 90s or something, and then left it there for a looong time—years, in fact. The year-round mistletoe and the stories thereof was a kind of camp folklore up until Mr. D. has said that it was "juvenile" and that it reminded him too much of "Christmas, which makes him think of happiness, which makes him think of children, which he hates", so he took it down a while back. Despite all of this, the mark was still there—slightly paler than the wood of the door frame, but darker than the panels