_.-._ .-._ .-._ Leo _.-._ .-._ .-._ "This is our stop." The train whistled and groaned as it screeched into the station. The sound of metal gliding across metal filled the car, but Leo wasn't really paying attention and didn't hear his friend as he tapped his fingers on his leg, doing his little leg-dip thing when he got to his favorite part of the song he was listening to. Dim and artificial light poured into the train car. Out of the corner of his eye, Leo saw the businesswoman to his right spring to her feet. On the other side of him, a seemingly annoyed Jason yanked the ear bud out of his left ear. "Leo." "What?" Leo snapped reflexively as other people in the car began to stand, hugging their tablets and briefcases close to themselves. The sound of Daft Punk hummed in his left ear. He snapped his gaze to his friend, and Jason grabbed his shoulder in exasperation, yanking out his other ear bud in the process. The air smelled faintly of sewage, which was homage to their being underground. The blond leaned in close, gripping a lackluster rail with one hand. "We're getting off, idiot. Pay attention." "I was, " Leo protested, swatting Jason away. He heard the hissing noise of the car doors sliding open, and the commuters began to tumble out of the car. The two of them quickly followed, pushed along by people who had actual places to be. When they were out on the platform, Jason turned back to face him again with a soft scowl. "No, you weren't. You were too busy listening to singing robots." He made a face. "No, I wasn't. I can listen to music and concentrate at the same time, Grace. It's called mutli-tasking." Jason snorted. "Really? I thought it was called getting off at the wrong stop." Leo stuck his tongue out at his friend before giving Jason a little shove that left him undeterred as they walked. "I'm going to chose to ignore that." Jason chuckled before motioning for Leo to follow him, and they starting off down the platform. Behind them, the train that had carried them to the station slid off down the track, and Leo concentrated on dodging bustling commuters as it did. Staring at the back of Jason's head with his hands stuffed in his jean pockets, Leo decided to keep talking. "Besides, the guys in Daft Punk aren't singing cyborgs, asshat. They're real people. I'm pretty sure they're French. The first one, I think his name's Guy-Manuel something- de -something - " "I really, really don't care." " – And the other one's name is Thomas. I can't blame you though, I thought they were robots until I saw a picture of them chilling at the beach a couple months ago without their helmets on. It was pretty shocking stuff – " Jason let out a long, lengthy sigh that out-volumed Leo's rant by a whole bunch of decibels. Luckily for blondie, another train slid into the station a little ways behind them, so Leo figured that he'd already annoyed the other boy enough. They walked in something akin to silence, or as quiet as it could be in a New York subway station. Ahead of him, Jason maneuvered through the crowd of city-dwellers like an expert. In his light blue jeans, plain green t-shirt, and brown coat, he fit right in. Watching him, Leo was pretty impressed; the Californian stereotype was pretty set on learning New Englander ways. The two of them stopped at the other end of the platform right behind a row of unlit lights. He and Jace waited with the gathering crowd for the dimmed bulbs to flash, which signaled the oncoming train. Undoubtedly going off to do something lame, Jason hooked his thumbs through his belt loops and took interest in a map close by, while Leo just hung around and scrolled through his phone for another song to listen to. He was zoning out and about to start jamming to a Glitch Mob song when someone brushed by his shoulder and cut across the safety line. His mouth ajar to sneer at who ever it was who had bumped into him, Leo looked up from his phone to see the back of woman's head. She wore a navy blue jacket and a purple hat, and a black braid fell out over her shoulders. Normally, he wouldn't be so quick to jump at a girl (because…let's be honest. Girls were downright scary) but seeing as how the lights on the ground started flashing and that she was dangerously close to the edge of the platform, he figured that now was as good of a time as any to speak up. "Um…Lady?" Leo cleared his throat, fiddling with his tangled earbuds in one hand. He hastily took a couple of steps over the row of blinking lights and tapped the unsuspecting girl on the shoulder. She turned around and looked at him with a startlingly dark brown pair of eyes, and the words fumbled out of his mouth as he clumsily stuck his earbuds back into his pocket. "You, uh – you kind of crossed the safety line." He pointed to the ground. "These here. And they're blinking, so…the train's coming. Yeah. Like right now. So you should probably get behind the line before you fall over the edge or something." The girl blinked at him for a fleeting moment of what Leo read as "why did you just talk to me you absolute scum of the earth" before she muttered a low "Oh…thank you." and stepped back behind the flashing line of lights, standing off ways to his left. Leo stared at her for a little while too long before muttering a quick, "Yeah, no probs." in response. Burying his hands in his pockets, he rocked on his heels just as Jason appeared next to him, done fantasizing about whatever map he had been ogling at. Jason coughed into his gloved fist, rubbing at his nose shortly after. Leo reluctantly looked at him, finally prying his eyes off of the girl. He searched his tongue for something reasonable to say. "So, uh...you know where we are?" he stammered. Jason gave another series of small coughs before stuffing his hand into the pocket of his jeans. His blue eyes appeared dull and tired, and he acted generally uninterested. "Yeah, we're close to Brooklyn, right at the edge of Queens. The next ride should be pretty short." Leo slid a hand out of his pocket and began to tap at his leg, getting restless as they waited for the train to come in. Close by, the girl with the purple hat was engrossed with her phone, sliding her finger across the screen. He tried really hard not to stare. He turned his full attention back to Jason as a pair of bright lights illuminated the dark tunnel at the end of the platform. "Um, okay. Cool." His eyes roamed to the girl again, and he silently cursed himself. He didn't really know what to say to Jason after that. The train slid into the station with a loud, racking roar. A very professional-looking man in a suit dropped some papers, which were blown all over the place with the uproar of wind coming from the train. The girl with the purple hat quickly went to help, and Leo started thinking to himself oh shit should I help too before his friend "goody-two shoes" Grace bounded down the platform and beat him to it. Leo watched as Jason and the girl scurried around, grabbing papers as the man in the business suit did. They both popped back up at the same time, their hands full of official-looking paperwork, and the guy thanked them wholeheartedly. He couldn't hear the exact words he said over the hissing of the train ahead of them. The doors creaked open. Jason slid back in place next to Leo as they entered the train, and he couldn't help but roll his eyes when the girl in the purple hat took the liberty to smile at him. Normally he'd stand, but seeing as how the car was mostly empty when they had boarded, Leo took a seat towards the back of the car. Jason sat a little ways down but immediately got up to let the girl with the purple hat sit in his place. He said something and she smiled again, much softer this time, and Leo almost couldn't bear it. Damn perfect Jason and his stupid, perfect self. The train lurched forward, making its way down the tracks again. The lights around them dimmed as they entered a sleek, dark tunnel. Animations of adds flickered on the walls of the subway, but seeing as how Leo wasn't really interested in buying Nesquik, he turned his attention back to the girl, who was now doing her own thing with a book in her hand as Jason chatted with another passenger. She wasn't that far from him, and the duffle bag she had been carrying earlier occupied the seat between them. Glancing at Jason again, he started to think "Why the hell didn't Grace just sit there?" when he decided to ditch the thought and turn back to the girl again. Watching her stuff her face in what she made look like a riveting edition of The Feynman Lectures on Physics , Leo cleared his throat. "Hey…I've heard of that book. Is it good?" At first, the girl kept mumbling the words of the novel under her breath as she read, and she didn't look up at all, which made him look stupid. But before Leo had time to retreat back to the reserves of his mind, she slid her finger in between the pages of her book and looked up. The look on her face was contemplative. "Yeah…" her voice was smooth. "I just started reading it today, but it's pretty good. I know enough to deem Richard Feyman a genius." Leo glanced at the book in her hands. She was holding a page that looked well into the hundreds. "You started reading that today? It looks like you're halfway through!" "I am," she waved the book for him to see with a bit of a self-satisfied smirk. "Fast reader." "I see," Leo replied, sinking back into his seat as the girl started going back to her book again. He didn't know much of anything about Physics – he had never heard of that book in his entire life, but if he wanted this to keep going, he had to stop being nervous and force himself to actually say something. "You know, I read a book on Physics and antigravity a while back. Couldn't put it down." "That joke was terrible," she said smoothly, still delved in her book without so much as a smile. His smile faltered. Leo hoped she couldn't see his heart deflate. Next to her, Jason snickered. Leo glared at him, and he smirked back, clearly amused with his fruitless efforts. Jason looked down at the girl. "He's full of them, you know. Leo's a bad joke encyclopedia." "Guilty," Leo admitted with a bit of a shrug as Jason finally started to honor the guy code as started to fulfill his duty as wingman. "I'm the punniest guy west of the Hudson." "We're east of the Hudson." She remarked without looking up. "Yeah, well…that's what I meant. I didn't say smart, did I?" He must have been getting pretty annoying – a fatal flaw of his – because the girl let out a long, drawn out sigh that sounded a little too close to Jason's before sliding an actual bookmark between the pages of her book and looking up at him with an exhausted expression. "You're not my type." She said plainly. "Opposites attract," Leo pointed out. "If you think you're a chick magnet, then we're the same pole."