First, I want it known, that this story was inspired by: "Harry Potter and the Boy Who Lived", by The Santi. As such, I will be striving to emulate it, to a certain degree. October 31st, 1981 Line break-remove text and replace. Voldemort's POV I silently stunned James Potter and continued into their house, Peter following me like an obedient servant. Soon, James and Lily Potter would be broken and beaten, and only the Dark Arts would offer them enough power to get revenge. Even then, it wouldn't be enough, but they will be corrupted and will eventually join me; in spite of me murdering their worthless children. I encountered Lily Potter standing in front of a crib next. I stunned the mud-blood, before she could say a word. At last, my months of planning and searching have borne fruit. Now, I shall kill the Potter brat, but which shall I kill first? Decisions. Decisions. Green eyes, or hazel eyes. Oh well. It matters not. I have all the time in the world, after all. "Avada Kedavra!" I said, aiming at the baby with hazel eyes. I watched with joy as the curse left my wand and hit the brat. My expression changed to one of horror as the curse rebounded on me. I screamed in agony as the curse burned away my body, leaving only my mangled soul. I quickly escaped in fear, but not before I noticed a surprising level of intelligence shining in the other child's eyes. Oh yes, I will watch you with great interest, Harry Potter. Line break-remove text and replace. I suppose my story truly started when I quickly learned to read, write, and speak. I did so far faster than my baby brother, who had some difficulty. I discovered that I had incredible memory and never forgot anything. My intellect quickly grew, easily surpassing that of my famous brother. And then I asked that one innocent question, the question that actually caused division in my family. "Mom, now that I can read and write, will you teach me magic?" I had asked her innocently and excitedly. She quickly refused, citing my age, but I pressed on. "But I wanna be stronger and smarter than Merlin, Morgana, and Dumbledore combined! I wanna get a head start!" She sent me to my room when I kept trying to persuade her. I didn't trust her to help me to mentally grow for several years. I went to my room, but only after retrieving books from the library. The subject matter? Occlumency and wandless magic. I began secretly studying magic, that secret was kept until August of 1987. During that time I thrived. In four years, I did more than the most studious Hogwarts students did in seven years. I mastered the theory for all seven years of Hogwarts, and practiced the wand movements with a stick. I mastered Occlumency, at least I thought so. I became highly skilled at Legilimency, at least on unprotected minds. I also opted to incorporate exercise into my routine too. Said exercise, in addition to my powerful magic, has made me taller and stronger than my brother. But my greatest accomplishments were with wandless magic, my capabilities with it are... extensive. That and my own magical growth. It was discovered long ago, that magic is a muscle and not a fixed pool of energy to be drawn from. I learned about magical exercises before I even became four years old and now have power of an above average adult wizard. The one downside of all of this? I got caught before I wanted to be. It was August and my parents are sitting in front of me, lost in thought, having just been informed of all of my studies. "Why have you been working yourself so hard, Harry?" Dad asked, in concern. "Because I want to be the best I can be, and reach my full potential." I said, in reply. "You could have been playing Quidditch, and be with children your own age. The Weasley's come over a few times a week, and you isolate yourself in your room." Dad said. "I find Quidditch boring. I would have to give it up when I became an adult anyway, or I would be ashamed of myself for liking a childrens game. The Weasley's are creepy. Ron worships James Jr. like a god and follows him around like a lost puppy. Ginny looks like she intends to marry him and won't accept no as an answer. Which I find extremely concerning, given her families history. I was surprised you allowed them in the manor; especially the second and third times." I said in explanation. "I like academics. I want to cure magical illnesses. Write books used in schools all over the world. I want to be the greatest wizard of all time. I just wish I could have been studying potions these last four years. I memorized the books and have theoretical alterations; which I memorized, but didn't write down." I said, finishing my statement. "What the Weasley family did was a century ago, Harry. I highly doubt Ginny Weasley will give him a Love Potion. Your not jealous of your brother are you?" Dad asked, in concern. "No. I'm happy with my life and have no complaints. I personally feel my life is actually better than his. Though, my life would be even better, if I could study potions. With supervision, of course." I said, dropping a not so subtle hint. "I think you studying potions would be a good idea. Severus is teaching at Hogwarts and he will only accept the best from everyone." Mom said, and dad seemed to agree. I was ecstatic! I could finally fill in that large gap in my knowledge. "I agree. Both both of you should study potions at home." Dad said. Line break-remove text and replace. July 31st, 1991. How would I summarize the last four years? Me, being awesome. Seven years of Hogwarts Potions education, done. I've awed and impressed my parents, and have inspired jealousy in my little brother. I was just glad he quickly got over it, even when we started getting one-on-one lessons. Right now, I could take my OWLs and NEWTs and pursue a mastery, if I wanted, and I must say it is very tempting. I was only going to Hogwarts because I could always test into another grade, if I got bored. At least that was the way most schools of magic are. It was finally time for us to go shopping, and get wands. I have waited for years for this, and finally: I'll have a real wand. "Lets go, already!" I said, impatiently. Mom and dad just looked amused by my eagerness. "I'm ready!" James Jr. said, entering the entrance hall. "Finally! I've been wanting a wand since I was three!" I exclaimed, before moving to the floo. We all quickly floo'd to the Leaky Cauldron. When we arrived, there thankfully weren't any of my brothers sycophantic fans to annoy us. "We should split up. Harry needs more potions ingredients." Mom said with a smile directed at me, which I returned. "We'll meet in Ollivanders in two hours." Mom said, and Dad and James Jr. nodded, before running to Quality Quidditch Supplies. "Be on time, James!" She called out in a threatening tone. "Where too first?" Mom asked, with a smile. "The Apothcary and then Flourish and Blotts!" I said excitedly, making her smile. We entered Ollivanders; an hour and fifty-five minutes later, and found Dad and James weren't there. "We'll wait for your father." Mom said to my disappointment. "Okay...but I'm gonna ask about books about wandlore and wandcrafting. If dad asks how I spent so much money, it will actually be his fault." I said, to her amusement. "Okay, but don't bug Mr. Ollivander too much." Mom said as I walked over to him. "I won't!" "Uh. Mr. Ollivander." I said, getting his attention. "Do you have books for people interested in wandlore and wandcrafting?" "Yes, I do. I take it your interested in the art?" He asked with a smile, while retrieving some books from a shelf. "Yes. I think it would be amazing to study, maybe even create custom wands to experiment with. Do the books give instructions for beginners to learn from?" "Yes. Though, if you want to become a recognized master, you will have to apprentice yourself to a one. During that time any product you produce would be legally theirs, which includes all rights to methods and techniques." I nodded, having already known that. "I'm telling you this as a warning. Only pursue a recognized mastery if your willing to lose all rights too your work." "I already knew the common practice for apprenticeship. I wasn't planning on becoming a recognized master. I knew I wouldn't be able to contain my enthusiasm and would end up losing all rights to my ideas. I just want to learn what I can from self-study and emulation." I said, to his approval. "The books are five galleons." Mr. Ollivander said. I quickly withdrew some of my saved up allowance money and handed him five galleons. He handed the books to me. We talked for five more minutes about wandlore, before Dad and James entered the store. "Finally!" I said excitedly. "Can I start trying wands now?" "Why do you get to go first?" James Jr. asked in annoyance. "Because I got here first and had to wait. I've been wanting a wand since I was three!" I said excitedly. "Go ahead." He said, in annoyance. "Which is your wand arm, Harry?" He asked, pulling out a long tape measure with silver markings on it. "I'm ambidextrous." I said, nervously. "Hold out both of your arms." He measured me from shoulder to shoulder, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and around my head. As he measured, he said, "Every Ollivander wand has a core of a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter. We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same. And of course, you will never get such good results with another wizards wand." I suddenly realized that the tape measure, which was measuring between my nostrils, was doing this on its own. Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes. "That will do," he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor. "Right then, Mr. Potter. Try this one. Beechwood and dragon heartstring. Nine inches. Nice and flexible. Just take it and give it a wave." I took the wand and waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of my hand almost at once. This continued, until, finally... "Ebony and pheonix feather, fourteen inches, unyielding." I took the wand and felt power course through my body like lightning. I raised the wand above my head and a massive stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, taking the form of a phoenix. "Wonderful!" Mr. Ollivander said. He looked like he wanted to say something else, but stopped himself. "Potter minor, your next." Ollivander said, and I moved out of the way. I used my Occlumency to avoid showing amusement at his casual dismissal of my brother. I noticed my family looked offended, but they quickly got over it. Given that James was the second born and not the heir, that could be used as a proper title. Sadly, it seemed like James was also difficult to pair with a wand. Eventually he was paired with a Holly and phoenix feather wand. I was secretly pleased to note that I produced a larger magical effect when I was paired with my wand. "How come Harry's produced more sparks and a phoenix?" Dad asked, inadvertantly cutting off a remark from Mr.