Harry Potter, Re-imagined - Beta Read by: Hazel006 I suppose the story of my lengthy and miserable existence starts in 2005. Ginny Weasley, slag and moronic fangirl extraordinaire finally got tired of not having me for herself. She convinced her family to "save me" from the influence of my "evil wives". The entire family mobilized and successfully killed all three of my wives, including my unborn child. They orphaned two of my children, for that whore's delusion and jealousy. I snapped and I killed them all in a grandiose display of my power and skill. The Weasleys were, of course, viewed as the villains as they should be and I personally, slowly, and brutally tortured Ginny Weasley till she died. I used my Occlumency and suppressed my sadness, I was voted Minister for Magic, replacing my wife. Sadly, the Weasleys actions weren't as secretive as thought, muggles filmed it. They later attacked, and we hid behind the powerful magic. From this situation Dark Lord Nihilus rose, he was a fan of Star Wars and agreed with his views, so he named himself after the fictional Dark Lord of the Sith. He was the ultimate Dark Lord, and our war lasted for centuries. We only declared a truce to destroy muggle-kind, together. Then we fought, it was a war unlike any other. A war that constantly forced me to constantly grow and improve, learn and perfect my knowledge. This naturally led me to surpass Dumbledore and Voldemort. Years before, I had only barely beaten Voldemort in a proper duel and at the time of Nihilus' defeat, I was confident I could absolutely dominate him. By the year 2315, we had ended our war, and I discovered an interesting secret about him. But that's a story for another time. I used a spell invented by my ancestor, Morgana Le Fay, I took his magic and the magic of his followers. Sadly, this was only the beginning. The factions of the world wanted to build empires and naturally, to protect my people I had to continue warfare. By the year 2500, I had succeeded, the empire I built was the dominant nation. How have I lived this long? The Philosophers Stone, using it allowed me to learn other paths to Agelessness, Shape-shifting, actually controlling life, the opposite of Necromancy, which I'm also a master of. Sadly the stone causes dependency. A dependency I shall soon be free of. As I contemplate my past it is the year 3000, I've done a lot in this life. I'm regarded as The Greatest Wizard of all Time and I have the magical power to back it up. I'm a master Occlumens, Legilimens, Duellist. I've mastered Wandless Magic, rediscovered lost magical arts, and mastered many modern ones. Among them Dark Arts, Potions, Transfiguration, Charms, DADA, Arithmancy, Alchemy, Wandlore, and Herbology. I've made my preparations, I can now begin my journey. My destination is July 24th, 1991. My means of travel? Chronomancy. A lost art; rediscovered by me. By means of a True Time-Turner, which I taught myself to create from memory. I will right the wrongs of my life and prevent all this death. All of which began with the jealousy and obsession of one stupid, unhinged girl. Honestly, why would any sane person marry someone who looks like their mother? But I'm getting distracted, It's time to get going. I concentrate on the day; as well as the time frame, month and year, and I feel pulled into the time-stream. I open my eyes and remain focused on the target time. Ignoring glimpses of past events, while in the Time-stream. Finally, after what seems like minutes of travel and minutes of the consistent magical drain, I arrive near Number 4 Privet Drive. I disillusion myself and walk there. No need to draw the Ministries attention, thankfully the ritual I'll perform is untraceable. Of course, I'll promptly remove The Trace from my younger self, with an untraceable spell. I arrive at Number 4 Privet Drive, and render myself intangible, and walk through the front door. It's night, so nobody will notice my past selves absence. Not that the Dursley's would care or notice. I open a vial of mist and use Hydrokinesis to move it through the vent of the Cupboard under the stairs. A modified sleeping potion, designed to keep people beneath a certain power level asleep for two hours. I place silencing charms on the area and open the cupboard door, I place my hand on my younger selves chest. "Anima transitu." I say, before feeling disoriented and collapsing. I feel my soul leave my body and enter my younger self. I quickly and sleepily wake up and see my old body. I move it to the kitchen, where I begin drawing runes, for a ritual of sacrifice. When I finish I put seven drops of blood on each directional point. I finish minutes later, having placed my old body into the circle. "Potentiam tuam accipio, ut mihi," I say, the general incantation for rituals of sacrifice. I pass out, but remain aware. I feel my former abilities enter into my younger body. Strength and endurance of Giants and Trolls I sacrificed, the speed of Cheetahs. Oh yes, I am glad I planned this out in detail. Now I can repeat the rituals to augment myself further. I vanish the signs of the ritual and the dust from my old body and return to the cupboard to rest. I want my strength restored as much as possible in the morning. I quickly remove The Trace from myself, having almost forgotten. The next morning, July 24th. After reliving a horrible part of my life and somehow not murdering my so-called family. I'm finally ordered to go get the mail. I walk back into the kitchen and throw the mail, minus my letter into Vernon's face, angering him. He rises to try hitting me, I force him to sit down; as well as Dudley and Petunia. "I have my invitation to my parent's school now, I'll be leaving forever. Also; never contact me or speak to me. Or I'll curse your entire family, till the end of time." I say, cruelly. Leaving out the fact that I already cursed their family. "Fine! Don't ever come back! You ungrateful brat!" Vernon yells. "Oh, I won't. I am not and never will be grateful for the physical and psychological abuse I've suffered." I say, before teleporting to near Hogwarts. When I arrive. I disillusion myself and begin my walk to the school. I arrive minutes later at the door to Dumbledore's office, I become intangible and walk through it. I'm greeted by the sight of Albus Dumbledore, alive and well. I've missed him since the Battle of Hogwarts. He died in a battle against Tom, Dolohov, and Rookwood, he still managed to kill the latter two. I dispel my Disillusionment Charm "Hello, Headmaster," I say, startling him. He looks at me, with recognition. "Harry Potter." He acknowledges, with surprise. "We need to talk. This talk will include, how I knew how to find you and bypass Hogwarts defenses." I say, to his interest. Though I can tell he has theories already. "Very well. Would you like to start?" Dumbledore asks, politely. I can tell he seems concerned. I cover the portraits with a wandless spell, which impresses him. "Yes. I suppose the story starts in 2005, with the exposure of the Magical World." I say though Dumbledore doesn't seem surprised. "Naturally the muggles tried killing and studying us. To see how we work, to either destroy us or copy us. From this situation rose a new Dark Lord, Nihilus. He killed billions with an extremely powerful ritual, the stolen life-force was divided amongst magical kind. In the power vacuum; the now sovereign magical nations sought more power to build empires. As Minister, I had to choose. Let Britain be ruled or have it positioned as a ruler. I naturally chose the option that allows me to prevent tyranny and by the year 2500 I had succeeded." I say, to Dumbledore's shock. I remove my stone from my pocket. "I understand your planning to hide Master Flamel's stone here. Yes, Voldemort will possess Quirrell and attempt to steal it. Rest assured my stone is safe, but that's not why I'm here. I was wondering if I can hide at Hogwarts till I'm eleven? Then I'll claim my Lordships and become emancipated. Which is essential to my plans to save this world, from unnecessary suffering." I say though Dumbledore seems disapproving. "I planned for centuries Dumbledore, including observing the timeline in detail. I can't tell you my plans, because they have to occur in a specific order, at a specific time." I add, truthfully. "Very well, I have guest rooms available near my own," Dumbledore informs me. "Great. I'll need to retrieve and purify an object Tom left here, I may check the room for other hidden things." I say, to Dumbledore's interest. "What object?" Dumbledore asks. "Rowena Ravenclaw's Diadem, which rightfully belongs to her descendant," I say, making sure Dumbledore knows It's not his. "Which is?" Dumbledore asks, surprisingly not angered. "One Hadrian James Potter, who is heir to her through the Evans family," I say, to Dumbledore's shock. "Rest assured, I'll prove it after I turn eleven." He seems placated by that promise. "Very well. I'll let you get to that, I have some work to do myself. I would like to witness the purification of the object, however." Dumbledore says. "It can be arranged. Destroying a Horcrux without damaging the object is sadly an uncommon skill." I say, shocking Dumbledore, who just had his suspicions confirmed. "If all goes well, Tom should be in Hell before my third year. But sadly not earlier. Anyway, I'll go retrieve the object. Do you want me to bring it right here? I'll be purifying it immediately, due to a Horcruxes ability to influence the holder. While I'm an Occlumens of the highest order, It's not in my nature take chances." "That will be fine. I'm eager to see this, It's actually an unheard of skill." Dumbledore says, in a child-like eagerness to learn. "I should return within the hour at most," I say, before disillusioning myself and teleporting to outside The Room of Requirement. I push my magic into that of the Castles, I feel no-one near my location. I begin pacing in front of the tapestry of a nutter; who's name escapes, me attempting to teach Troll's ballet. Finally the door to The Room of Hidden Things shows, I enter and the doors close behind me. I walk immediately to acquire the Horcrux, then begin searching the room for other objects. Nearly an hour later... I've found trunks, which I filled with all books stored here. A trunk full of jewels which I hid with magic, and put a Goblin battleax inside it. I've warded the room so that only descendants of Ravenclaw can enter, which is fitting considering she created it. I shrink the trunks of books and teleport back to Dumbledore's office. He's thankfully alone, I set the trunks down to announce my presence. "I found these books, I thought they were either stolen or lost. If you want I can sort them for you, work off my stay." "That would be wonderful. Anything else questionable in the room?" Dumbledore questions in concern. "Some potions, and Fanged Frisbee's. However, I warded the room against all but descendants of Ravenclaw. That way all seen and unseen threats can be dealt with. There were some Cauldrons in there too, I'll have those removed. Since ownership cannot be ascertained, I suggest they become Hogwarts property." I say, to which Dumbledore nods in agreement. "Shall we begin?" I ask, withdrawing the Diadem. "Of course." Dumbledore agrees, standing from his chair. "Excellent. There are three ways to destroy a Horcrux, without damaging the object. First is destroying the soul fragment by taking its