A/N: Hello and welcome to this new multi-chapter story I am working on! I have finished a few chapters and outlined the approximate direction of this story. I will be trying for weekly updates on Monday evenings but won't promise anything. Please let me know what you're thinking as you read, so that I might take possible adjustments into account while writing this story. :) Wednesday, July 17 th , 1995 It was the middle of July. Hermione had only been staying home with her parents for a little over a week before Professor Dumbledore arrived at her doorstep quite unexpectedly one warm summer evening. Hermione had just finished clearing the table when the doorbell rang. Her parents had gone out to the terrace behind their house to enjoy a glass of wine together, so it was up to Hermione to open the door. She could not have been more surprised if Merlin himself had stood on her doorstep, so little had she expected the Headmaster to visit her in their home in the suburbs. When she made no attempt to greet him, so stunned was she on his sudden appearance, the Headmaster wished her a good evening and showed himself to her living room. Once the swirl of his bright purple robes had passed her, Hermione snapped out of her surprise, closed the front door, and followed the wizard. "Professor Dumbledore," she said, "what a pleasant surprise. May I offer you something to drink?" "Thank you, Miss Granger," the Headmaster answered, "but if you will allow me, I would like to come straight to the reason for my visit." Hermione swallowed thickly at his words, not knowing what to expect to come next. Seating herself on the couch and gesturing for Dumbledore to take a seat in the comfortable armchair across from her, she steeled herself for the upcoming talk. As promised, the Headmaster dove right in. Without much pomp, he told her about the secret society that was the Order of the Phoenix, swore her to secrecy, especially concerning Harry, and promised to send somebody to take her to Order headquarters within the week. Hermione listened carefully, asked all the questions that came to mind, and answered appropriately to all questions he in turn posed to her. When she thought their discussion to have almost finished, Dumbledore raised his voice again. "One last thing, Miss Granger," he spoke. "I believe it is safe for me to say that between you, Mr Potter and Mr Weasley, you are by far the most mature." Hermione's chest swelled at the compliment, not unaware of the correctness of it, but not having expected to be acknowledged by the wizard in front of her. "As it is, I must ask a favour of you," the Headmaster continued. "It has come to my attention – multiple times over the last years – that Harry harbours a strong dislike for my Potions Master." Hermione bit her tongue in order not to interrupt the old wizard by blurting out that Snape entertained a rather strong dislike for Harry as well. It appeared, however, that she did not possess quite the control over her facial expression as she had hoped. Dumbledore picked up on her thoughts. "I know, I know," his words were accompanied by a carefree wave of his hand, as if he could brush the reality of her concerns aside, "Severus has not always been very benevolent in his treatment of Harry, but that is to be expected." As easily as he had read her expression before, Dumbledore now chose to dismiss the incredulity her face must have shown. "For reasons I will not disclose to you," the wizard continued, "I place my complete and utter trust in Severus. I am aware that Harry will continue to antagonize him, as will Mr Weasley, I expect. It is good for Mr Weasley to support Harry in any and every way available, as he will face many hardships this year. I trust that you will do your utmost, as well, to help Harry along." Hermione nodded her agreement at that. She certainly did not need the Headmaster to tell her to stand by Harry's side; he was her best friend, after all, and her loyalty was unwavering. "You however, Miss Granger," Hermione perked up at the words, "will need to be the voice of reason. I will not ask you to antagonize the boys, but it is important that you do not doubt the loyalty of Severus Snape to our cause." What was that supposed to mean? She was mature enough to oppose her own friends over whether or not to trust their most hated teacher who did nothing but bully them at every opportunity? More so, Ron was allowed to take Harry's side against Snape but she was not? Hermione chose to voice her concerns. "I do not believe I understand, Professor –" Dumbledore cut her off. "It is important for you to try and see the good in Professor Snape. I understand that this may be difficult as he is not known for his love of all things Gryffindor" – the understatement of the century, Hermione thought – "but please try to look at the situation from his perspective. "Severus's life consists solely of his work as a Hogwarts professor and his love for potions anymore. He is the only Potions Master in the United Kingdom, the closest Master being situated in Belarus. With no one to meet his mastery of the subject and thus no one to converse with at his own level of intellect, that leaves only the staff and the students as possible conversationalists for him. "The staff members almost all know him as their former student. You may not know it yet, but this is a role hard to escape. With them out of the picture, only his own students are left. None of them, however, even remotely pose a worthy challenge to his intellect, and if one cannot challenge Severus intellectually, there is no basis for a possible friendship. "I expect the times to come to be very hard on our dear Severus, I'm afraid," Dumbledore continued, "and I think he will need all the friendships he can get. Of course, there are many Order members who are of an age close to Severus and who could probably hold their own in a discussion with him, but you see, Miss Granger, the distrust runs deep in them, seeing as Professor Snape is a reformed Death Eater. They tend to dismiss the reformation part and see him purely as a follower of Voldemort who escaped the horrible fate of a sentence to Azkaban." Hermione had not noticed that her mouth had dropped open, so engaged was she in Dumbledore's story. "You however, Miss Granger," the Headmaster reiterated, "are somewhat apart from your fellow students. You are studious to the point of obsession, possess an intellect far superior to that of your yearmates and even older students, strive to see only the best in people, show a rare strength in your loyalty to those you deem worthy, and treat everyone around you with respect, whether they do you the same favour or not." Hermione felt the heat creep into her cheeks which must be blazing in a purple rivalling the colour of the Headmaster's robes by now. "As it is, I believe you to be a potential friend to Severus." The young witch's eyes shot open. Even if the Dumbledore was right, Snape would never accept her as anything even approaching an equal, and how could she be a friend to him if he was unwilling to allow her? The wizard in front of her sensed her doubts and chuckled. "Yes, you are right as always, Miss Granger," he agreed with a benevolent smile, "Severus would shut all thoughts of friendship down if you approached him about it. However, I believe it possible that he may take the first step towards you himself. If he does, I would implore you to accommodate him in every way that might make his life easier. It would not do to let Severus take this dark road ahead of him all alone. I'd rather he had a companion in you." Still completely flabbergasted at his words, Hermione could vaguely remember nodding her agreement. Her memory ended with the Headmaster leaving in a flurry of purple fabric, leaving her to her thoughts. Saturday, July 20 th , 1995 Just as the Headmaster had promised, two wizards appeared on the Granger family's doorstep just a couple of days later. Hermione quickly ushered her former DADA professor Remus Lupin into her home, as well as the dark skinned wizard who introduced himself as Kingsley Shacklebolt. He struck an imposing figure and both Granger women were instantly drawn to him. Hermione's parents were upset that she wanted to leave already, after having stayed with them for only a fortnight, but let her go with little protestations. At her request, the wizards accompanied her on a Muggle train, as Hermione was instinctively suspicious of all things airborne, which cause more than a few chuckles from the two men. They drew quite a few looks from other passengers, but secured an empty compartment for the three of them. The ride passed quickly, both wizards interested in Hermione's schoolwork and more than able to keep a captivating discussion going. They arrived at King's Cross far sooner than the young witch had anticipated or would have liked. Remus, who was surprisingly well versed in the machinations of the Muggle world, navigated them through the maze of the London underground, changing tubes a couple of times until they arrived at a district of the city Hermione had never visited before. Evening had fallen by that time, and the wizards led her through many a dark street and mostly hidden alley, keeping to the shadows at all times. They stopped in the middle of a bleak looking square. The three of them came to stand on an unkempt patch of grass, the men positioned on either side of her as if shielding her from view of anybody who might watch, and Kingsley reached into a hidden pocket on the inside of the right sleeve of his cloak. He withdrew a small scrap of paper and gestured for her to silently read it. "Focus," Remus whispered into her ear. Hermione's eyes skimmed over the words, the script familiar even though the contents were not. She concentrated on the meaning of the words and gasped when a building appeared in front of her as she read. The Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may be found at number twelve, Grimmauld Place, London. Sunday, July 20 th – Monday, September 2 nd , 1995 The next couple of weeks passed in a blur. Hermione made a point to always be polite the few times she came upon Professor Snape. If he cared to acknowledge her presence at all, he would look at her as if she was mental. So far he had not made any move towards her. Harry's arrival proved to be a highlight amidst the otherwise rather repetitive nature of her holidays. It wasn't a particularly nice highlight, though, unless one appreciated being screamed at until one broke out into tears. Hermione, on her part, didn't, although Harry appeared to care little for that. He calmed down over the next few days which were spent cleaning the Black mansion. Together with the Weasley siblings, Hermione and Harry tried to gather as much information on the secret Order meetings as possible, but their venture was met with little success. Even when Sirius willingly imparted some information on them, Molly interrupted him before they could gain any solid knowledge from what he had said. Even though she had mostly enjoyed her stay at headquarters, Hermione was glad to escape the confines of Grimmauld Place and go and start their fifth year at Hogwarts. She practically bristled with pride