Title: King's Intuition Author: Lauri (homesweethomicide13) Rating: T Pairing: Thranduil x Celeborn Warning: Slash Summary: Thranduil knew someone needed him. A friend was hurting, and he was doing anything, anything at all, to help them. Author's Note: This is the first time I'm publishing my LOTR work on here. I've tried to keep the characters as canon as possible (considering it's slash), as well as keeping the right kind of language and tone. Enjoy. King's Intuition He knew. From the moment he entered the House of Elrond – if it could even be called that any longer – he knew that someone here needed him. His wife had called it his 'King's Intuition': an ability to sense he was needed and in what way. Thinking of her, if only for a split second, always brought pain to his heart, and so he quickly shook away the memories. He did not have to grieve for her loss much longer, he knew that. He would sail to Valinor soon, and be reunited with her. But first, someone needed him. He passed by the few of Elrond's council who had remained behind in Imladris, and he noted their grave faces – indeed Rivendell seemed somewhat lacking since its Lord had departed, and the warmth was slowly fading from the walls of the House of Elrond, but he saw nothing in their eyes that told him of why he was needed here. He knew many of them were questioning his presence here, since he had not been summoned nor had he sent any word that he would be visiting. If asked, he could not tell them what had brought him to Rivendell. He had intended to visit the forests of Ithilien, where his son now resided, helping to rebuild Gondor, but once he emerged from Eryn Lasgalen – so fondly named after the shadow was lifted from 'Mirkwood' – he had felt a tug in the direction of Imladris. Vowing to visit Legolas once his business in Imladris was done, he had turned away from the path to Gondor, and instead crossed the Anduin and passed through Lothlórien. It had felt strange, riding through the nearly empty forest, still as beautiful as ever but silent now that many of the Elves had sailed, their voices never to be heard amongst the trees again. It had filled him and his escorts with a deep sadness that could not be lifted with song, and so they had pressed on as fast as possible until at last Lórien was behind them. They ended up nearly backtracking their way to the north, until at last they had crossed the Misty Mountains and were so very close to Rivendell. His escorts had not understood his need to visit Rivendell, but years of experience and a sense of respect had long ago taught them not to discuss it with him, and they had followed in almost silence as he approached the once-warm Elven realm. There was little left of Elrond's line here – Arwen was in Gondor, with Aragorn, and Elladan and Elrohir were travelling in the north with all that was left of the Dúnedain, as always. Glorfindel remained behind to watch over the House after Elrond had sailed, but even the lively Balrog Slayer had lost the spark in his eyes and seemed almost empty as he had welcomed them to Imladris. They had only been here for no more than two hours, and finally he had torn himself away from Erestor and Glorfindel, intending to search for the one who had unknowingly called him here. He recognised a handful of Galadhrim amongst those remaining in Rivendell, and he recalled hearing about the Elves of Lórien departing their forest, no longer comfortable there since their Lady, Galadriel, had left the shores of Middle-earth. A part of him hoped to see Rúmil or Orophin amongst them, as he had had dealings with them in the past and doubted that anything would take the life out of their souls, but he knew it was useless. No doubt they would have sailed, alongside their brother, Haldir, with the other Galadhrim wishing to join their Lady. So he turned away from the faces of those passing him by, and focused instead of following the tug on his mind and in his heart, allowing it to lead him to the one calling to him. He stopped in front of a door slightly ajar, and he felt the tug grow a little stronger, implying that whoever was in the room beyond was the one whom he sought. Curious, he stepped up to the door and gently pushed it further open – it moved without sound, and his Elven eyes quickly adjusted to the difference in light, and found the figure sat upon the edge of a large, empty bed. Even though the Elf had his back to him, Thranduil would have recognised him anywhere, and he sighed softly. Of course. How could he not have worked it out before? "Celeborn…?" He murmured softly, hoping not to startle the older Elf. Celeborn barely made a move, but Thranduil knew he had been heard. Quietly, he stepped into the room and closed the door behind him with a soft click, standing against it a moment, not wishing to overstep his boundary. "What brings you to Imladris, King Thranduil?" Celeborn's voice was unchanged to the untrained ear, but Thranduil sensed the grief laced through it. He mentally kicked himself for not guessing it sooner – of course it would be Celeborn! The Lord had moved to Imladris with what remained of his people, no longer wishing to remain in Lórien after Galadriel's departure. The forest held too many memories of her, and it pained him to be there. Thranduil understood how that felt. He understood the pain and the grief that memories could bring – only he hadn't been able to run from them. He'd had to remain in Mirkwood, not only for the sake of his realm and his people, but for the sake of his son, too. He would not have abandoned Legolas, no matter how intense his grief became. "It is difficult to explain." He answered carefully. "See, I had not intended to visit, but… a dear friend of mine is hurting, and I wish to do all that I can to ease his pain." Celeborn turned to him now, his dark blue eyes filled with such grief and pain that Thranduil automatically moved forward, sitting beside him on the bed, one hand resting on his arm. "You… you are here for me?" He had never heard the Elven Lord sound so vulnerable in all the time he had known him. He offered him a soft smile, his other hand gently placed on the older Elf's back. "I heard you calling to me all the way in Eryn Lasgalen, mellonín ." He told him, still smiling. "Though I am sure you were unaware that you were doing so." Celeborn glanced down at the hand that rested upon his arm, at the long slender fingers gently grasping his sleeve, and the ghost of a smile crossed his face for a split second. "King's Intuition." He murmured softly, meeting Thranduil's eyes once more. "You always did know when someone needed you, Thranduil." He moved one of his own hands, covering Thranduil's. " Hannon le ." "Hush, hush." Thranduil shook his head, rich golden locks spilling over his shoulder to hang gracefully around his face. "Do not thank me for coming to the aid of an old friend. You are only permitted to thank me when I have achieved what I have come here for." "And what is that…?" Celeborn's eyes followed the golden strands, as if distracted by their bright colour in the dim room. "You shall know it when it happens, my friend." He angled his head as he smiled again, and Celeborn envied the bright spark of life in his royal blue eyes. He had lost his own, he knew all too well, and he longed to have it back, but such a thing was not so easily obtained. His love, his only love, was gone from this world, and he longed to follow her, but he could not. Not just yet. He had far too many things to do before he left Middle-earth in the hands of Men, and it killed him to be apart from his people and his wife. Staring at Thranduil, Celeborn realised he must not be the only one hurting in such a way. Many of Thranduil's people had sailed already, and those that hadn't sailed or died fighting off Sauron's forces had most likely moved to the forests of Ithilien, to reside with Legolas. The King had not only lost most of his realm, but also his only son and heir – for Legolas had undoubtedly set up a permanent residence in Ithilien, close to his good friend, Aragorn, to be readily available should the King of Gondor need him. Plus, he remembered, the King of Mirkwood had long ago lost his wife to Valinor. He had gone many more years without his love than he had – so how could he sit here feeling sorry for himself when his old friend had been in pain for many years more? He had not asked Thranduil to come to Imladris. He had come of his own accord, to help him through this grief. He had come because his friend was in pain, and he understood that pain better than anyone else. He found himself smiling just a little as he realised just how great a friend the King of Mirkwood – no, Eryn Lasgalen, he corrected himself – really was. Keeping the smile on his face for Thranduil to see, he lifted his eyes to meet those of the King. "Well, I shall thank you then, Thranduil. For I have no doubt that you will achieve what you came here for." -x- Days passed, and the residents of Imladris had already noted a change in the former Lord of Lórien since Thranduil's arrival. For weeks, Celeborn had only emerged from his chamber for meals and for the few councils they still held, choosing instead to hide away on his own, alone with his grief. Now, however, he wandered the halls and the courtyards, even indulging the other Elves in conversation now and then. Thranduil was never far from his side, and whenever Celeborn had clearly had enough, he would gently lead him away for peace and quiet. The other Elves often wondered what the two Elf Lords spoke of when they were together, but if any of them wished to attempt to eavesdrop, they often found that they could not find either of them despite their greatest attempts to follow them. Celeborn was incredibly grateful for Thranduil's presence in Imladris. He had come to rely on it on occasion – for example, when the questions and appeals for advice became a little too much to handle, he had come to rely on Thranduil to step in and take over, excusing him from the council if needed. He had also come to rely on Thranduil's 'King's Intuition', knowing that if the nights were particularly bad, Thranduil would sense his pain and come to him, no matter what the hour. He often felt guilty despite how grateful he was for it, especially on the rare occasion that Thranduil came to his chamber at night, clothes rumpled and hair out of place. Still, no matter what he said, Thranduil refused to return to his rest until he was certain Celeborn no longer needed him. He was feeling guilty now, as he sat up in his bed, watching the stars out of the window as Thranduil sang softly from his position in a chair beside the bed, also watching the stars. He had attempted to rest, but the moment he relaxed his mind it became flooded with memories of Galadriel, and his heart