Wolven -------- Foul things came across the lands of Middle Earth as Mordor grew in strength. The elves had started sending out hunting parties to combat the strange creatures churned out, often finding themselves in strange alliances in the heat of battle. Though the Noldor and Silvan elves hated each other as a rule, they fought side by side all the same when faced with parties of orcs and goblins. It was after one of those battles that the Peredhil twins met Legolas for the first time. "Nice move," Elladan called to the blond. "Pardon?" Legolas asked. "This thing," Elrohir answered, prodding a furry corpse with his toe. The thing looked much like the cross between a warg and an orc, ugly beyond description. "We were talking. We loved how you stopped its jaws with your arm." Legolas' eyes flashed with ire. "As I recall, it was you that dropped your sword," he snarled at Elladan. A bit of uncertainty flitted across his features and his cerulean eyes flickered between the twins, not sure which was which. The twins laughed at him. "Elladan," one of the twins offered, introducing himself. "Elrohir," the other said. He took pity on the blond after a moment. "I was the one that dropped my sword… when I was hit by a charging warg. Thank you, by the way." Realizing belatedly that he was being teased, Legolas had the decency to blush a bit. "Were you hurt?" the recently identified Elladan asked. Legolas studied his profile avidly for a moment in an attempt to tell the two apart. His eyes lit up a bit when he saw that Elladan had a slight smattering of freckles where Elrohir did not. "Just a scratch," Legolas said, shrugging off the injury. His expression indicated that he didn't intend to even have it looked at by resident healers that traveled with them. "Could we see?" Elrohir asked, reaching presumptuously for the blonde's arm. Legolas dodged out of his reach. "It's nothing," he insisted. Elladan managed to snag his wrist where his twin had failed, smirking at Legolas' indignant expression. "If it's nothing, prove it." "This is not necessary," Legolas began. "Then you won't mind," Elladan continued. His efforts earned him a dirty look that he steadfastly ignored. Sniffing dismissively, Legolas allowed him to pull his sleeve back, revealing a nasty set of puncture marks from a set of equally frightening set of fangs. The twins crowded him in an effort to get a look at the injury, both frowning at what they saw. The injured area was already reddening and swelling. Exchanging silver glances, the twins made a decision without the permission of their blond patient. Legolas looked fairly trapped when they closed in on him from either side, dropping their arms across his shoulders in a deceptively friendly manner. They ignored his protests and frog-marched him to their horses where they had a few basic medical supplies. Legolas tolerated their handling of his arm, surprised that they were fairly competent in cleaning the bite mark out. After watching them playfully poke at each other while trying to bind the lacerations, he finally gave in to the vague mirth he was feeling. Apparently the stories of the twins' playful attitude towards everyone and everything hadn't been exaggerated. He was a little fearful that the tales of their exploits and constant pranks might be accurate as well. If that were the case, he pitied Elrond greatly. He'd be surprised if the older elf hadn't ripped his hair out. The Peredhil twins confirmed his suspicions when they wrapped his arm in gauze, topping the wound with an intricate bow. Legolas snorted. "Is that necessary?" he asked wryly. "Of course not," Elladan said, smiling. "But it's so stylish." Legolas shook his head, amused. He changed the topic to a more relevant one. "We'll burn the corpses and move on. Night won't reach us for another few hours and I'd like to camp far from the pyres." "We could start back toward Imladris. 'Tis but a week's ride if we hurry," Elrohir queried. "The hunt, at least for my company, is scheduled for another two months," Legolas said. "I'm afraid I cannot accompany you back yet." "We can hardly bring our father to you," Elladan said. "His services are not necessary," Legolas said, getting flustered. When the twins looked like they were going to press their luck, he continued. "Are you going to drag me across country and bother your father for a scratch? One that will likely be healed before we arrive?" "Fine," Elrohir capitulated. "But don't come crying to us when your arm falls off." "It's not going to fall off," the blond said dryly. "It's swollen and obviously infected," Elladan said, arching one eyebrow. "Elves cannot get sick," Legolas sighed. "Can get poisoned, though," Elladan all too graciously pointed out. "By getting bitten?" Legolas asked incredulously. "What? Never seen a snake?" "It wasn't a reptile, Elladan!" the archer said in frustration. The two of them would have started a small war between themselves had not another elf interrupted their imminent argument. A blond Mirkwood elf approached them, looking a little disconcerted. "There's something you should see, Prince Legolas," he said. He glanced briefly at the bow on the prince's arm before chancing a look at the twins, knowing who was to blame. Legolas simply nodded and followed him, surprised to see the Peredhil twins following him out of curiosity. Silently, the guard pointed towards one of the corpses that the other elves had been stacking into a pile to burn. This one had been left to the side, the guards not relishing the thought of touching it. The three approached it warily. The twisted creature that Legolas had slain to protect Elrohir laid in the bloodied soil, writhing slightly even though dead. The three stared at it in fascination as it twisted and twitched, not realizing for several seconds that its form was altering before their very gazes. Fur receded slowly, giving way to dark skin as bones cracked and reformed. It was starting to reach the appearance of a very large orc. The three remained in silence until Elrohir whistled. "If it weren't already dead, I'd say that looked painful," Elrohir said wryly. "I've never seen the like," Legolas said, shaking his head in mild disbelief. He glanced at the twins. "Have you ever come upon anything like that?" "Of course," Elladan answered. "We just love looking surprised." The remark got him a flat look from the blond and he chuckled unrepentantly. Legolas finally gave in and grinned a bit, unable to keep up his indifference towards the unruly twins. Shaking his head in mute amusement, Legolas left their company to help his men pile the bodies to be burned. Prince or no, he was not above physical labor. He was a bit shocked when the twins accompanied him, staying by his side as he lugged the heavy carcasses around, doing their best to prevent him from using his injured arm. After an hour of hard labor, he decided that the friendly pair was a welcome addition. When he suggested that their two parties form an alliance in their patrols, he wasn't surprised when the twins readily accepted. -------- Legolas performed an amazing display of flexibility in battle, arching and twisting midair to avoid an orc's blade. His maneuver saved him from being permanently crippled from a severed spine, but he was still grazed by the blade, leaving a deep wound along his shoulder blades. He countered by ducking into a roll, sticking his hands out and kicking upwards with both feet, catching the orc in the knees with his heels. When the creature collapsed, he finished up by coming to his feet and decapitating the thing. He turned a few circles before determining that the battle was all but over, the elves having slaughtered the mass of orcs they had discovered. "You still in one piece?" Elrohir asked, jogging up to the blond archer. "I'll live," Legolas replied, rolling his shoulders in an attempt to see how badly he had been hit. The gash running across his back stung fiercely. "You're bleeding," Elrohir remarked pointedly, eyeing his blood-soaked shirt. The half-elf was worried about the blond that had quickly become his friend in the two days they had been in one another's company. Unfortunately for the elves in both groups, none of the three seemed to have a calming effect on the others and they had spent most of their time between battles pulling pranks on each other and just about everyone else in sight. "Are you okay?" Elladan asked, joining the two. Like his twin, his eyes trailed over Legolas' ruined shirt, trying to gauge the underlying wound. "I'm fine," Legolas answered reflexively. "But if you want to see my back, go for it." Knowing perfectly the futility of protesting, Legolas acquiesced to the attentions of the Peredhil twins. He submissively allowed himself to be pushed into a sitting position while one of the two raven-haired brothers pulled his shirt up around his neck to expose his bloodied back. One of the two whistled. He suspected it was Elrohir. "Damn," he commented. "You are one hairy elf." "What?" Legolas objected. "I am not!" "What do you call this?" the other supported, running one finger down Legolas' spine, ruffling a strip of fine golden hair. He jerked almost convulsively at the strange sensation, instinctively pulling away from the odd feeling. He clapped one hand to his back to still the weird tingling, freezing at what his fingers contacted. His eyes glazed over slightly. "Legolas?" a concerned voice asked. The archer blinked at his name, not having realized that he'd phased out until then. The voice sounded worried and he looked back at the twins with a vaguely horrified expression. "By the Valor, what has happened?" Legolas asked, his fingers curling almost automatically into the thick golden hair that followed the length of his spine. He hurriedly pulled his shirt back down from his neck, concealing the sight of his back from the troops. He turned almost panicked eyes on the twins, his worries not lying with his injury. "It was that orc," Elladan said, thoughts turning immediately to the strange creature Legolas had slain. His suspicions had proved accurate. It had been diseased and the blond prince was infected. "Give me your arm," Elrohir said, taking the appendage up without asking and pushing his sleeve back. In twin half circles matching the bite, which had healed by the end of the first day, thick fur ran across Legolas' skin. Elrohir ran his fingers through it, not missing the flinch that followed the action. He didn't bother asking how long it had looked like that. The shock on the archer's face made it clear that he hadn't known it was there. Always ready for battle, the warriors often slept fully dressed. "We're going to Imladris," Elladan said in a tone that brooked no argument. Indeed, he received none, the prince looking like he had just received a death sentence. He draped his cloak over Legolas' shoulders and strode to the nearest elf. "Thendar, you are in charge of both companies. My brother, Legolas and I are leaving immediately." Thendar looked to Legolas for confirmation that he was indeed being given the Mirkwood elves. Legolas nodded, willing to let his forces stay with the Imladris company. They fought well together and he trusted the twins to choose someone competent to lead them. The brunette elf nodded and strode off, helpfully assisting the three departing elves ready their horses. The twins had matching chestnut stallions. The blond would be riding a dappled gray mare from a Mirkwood archer, his own raven black steed having been slain the prior day. The dark-haired elves vaulted onto the bare backs with ease, exchanging worried looks when the gray steed flattened her ears to her head, pulling away from Legolas a little, though she didn't