First ever story on here :) Tell me what you people think. Its rated M for language and well, gore later on and sex. Yay. Uploads are gonna be slow but with summer coming hopefully I can start writing more. I put the songs used for each chapter into heavy consideration so please check em out, they're pretty cool and related to the chapter. If I ever finish this yes, it will have a sequel. "All Your Light" by Portugal. The Man is the title inspiration for the entire story and an upcoming chapter. So I don't own the Hunger Games or any songs listed in here :) Enjoy. It's Time by Imagine Dragons -Logan: District 7 It seemed like I had only been asleep for a few minutes when the soft sound of bird song wakes me and after a minute of debate I hesitantly open my green eyes. I glance to the side towards the window but all I can see is darkness; it's too early, probably around five in the morning. Eliciting a deep sigh I carefully shift my weight as gently as I can without moving the bed, trying to not disturb my partner. My eyes pause on her and I can't help but smile, resting my head on my hand as I gaze at my girlfriend, Marilyn. She's so cute, just lying there without a care in the world, her mind off somewhere in sleep. After deciding that I had enough time of watching her snooze, I carefully get up off the soft bed, wincing as my leg swings around and hits the floor causing a creak to ring out from the bed. I shiver at the ice cold feel of the wooden floors on my bare feet but I quickly get up, the bed bouncing up slightly without my weight. Marilyn's cute little face scrunches up slightly, her body turning and hugging my pillow, unaware that I am no longer in the bed. Smiling slightly, I decide to continue with my daily routine which included as many sit ups and push-ups as I can muster, this time an added challenge accompanying my task as I tried to be quiet and not wake her. When that's done, I quickly get dressed in the clothes I had brought over to my girlfriend's house. Then I leave the house, jogging past the other wealthy houses and all the way to the forest where my feet take me down a familiar path. It's when I've jogged some time that I begin to slow down, my senses recognizing where I am even in the low light. After a quick sweep of the area around me my eyes narrow in on some certain shrubbery and I move some of the branches aside, revealing my axe's hidden place. The Reaping starts at 11 AM and the sun is only just rising, telling me that I have plenty of time, just as long as I give some to my girlfriend. Then with my axe in hand I run farther down to the designated logging area, ready to do my daily amount of chin-ups as well when I get there. -Marilyn: District 7 My eyelids give a violent twitch as invasive light seeps in, awakening my conscience and I quickly roll over, trying to avoid it as best as I can. Instead of bumping into a familiar warm body, I'm surprised when my roll takes me farther down my bed, nothing there to stop me. It's then that I notice I'm hugging a pillow that smells like the scent of my boyfriend. Squinting my eyes, I groan, punching the pillow halfheartedly. "Logan." Of course he's not there. The one night I asked him to let me sleep with him and he leaves early for work. What a boyfriend. I get up and start to make my bed, tossing the covers and pillows together till it looks presentable. When that job is done, I head to my bathroom to draw myself a bath, only getting lukewarm water from the pipes. My family is a part of the upper middle class so we're allowed luxuries such as plumbing and fresher water, which from being in Logan's house, is much better than the lower class but at the same time nothing near the high class. In fact, I've heard that some families located in the Yard don't even get running water at all. It's sad. Soon my long brown hair and my body is freshly scrubbed and died, ready to be clothed in the richest material that I own. I don't know when it started but everyone wears their fanciest clothes on Reaping day- maybe when this all began it was an order by the Capitol to show just how poor our idea of "fancy" was. Deciding that today I can afford to use a little luxury, I add lipstick and mascara to my looks, combing out my hair when that is done. It's funny but such simple actions can really change how a person looks. By the time I walk to the kitchen for breakfast the sun is up in the sky, casting its brilliant light down on all below. Logan better get here soon, I scowl to myself as I make oatmeal, adding a bit of honey for flavor. "Dear, don't make faces at your food, your face might just freeze and you will be stuck wearing that dreadful expression forever," my mother chides. I give a tired nod, "Yes ma'am." -Logan: District 7 I inwardly curse as I log in my working hours, rushing out of the lumber yard as my feet took me as fast as they could down to my house, my axe still in hand. I still needed to stop by my house and get ready for the Reaping before meeting up with my girlfriend, I realize horrified. I get to my house faster than when I jogged down from Marilyn's, probably because the lower class houses are located closer to the logging area while the higher class is allowed some space away from all that. I burst through my front door, almost slashing the doorframe with my axe as I quickly enter. Unfortunately someone has beaten me here. "You're late!" Marilyn trills, looking particularly annoyed at me. "I forgot the time!" I lamely defend, setting my working axe down by the door and hurriedly kicking my boots off. It's obvious that she's not buying my story though, as she knows fully well I know how to read the sun. She gives me an exasperated sigh. "Here," she says as she shoves my Reaping clothes at me along with a bowl of oatmeal with honey. I bend down and give my tiny girlfriend a grateful kiss before darting to my room to change and eat my breakfast as quickly as I can. I should probably try to take a bath but I know that at this point I shouldn't test fate too much. -Marilyn, District 7 I barely hide my blush from Logan's parents, who are busying themselves in the kitchen. Luckily it seems they have no idea that he spent the night out at my place because they treat me kindly as always. Knowing my boyfriend will take some time, I sit down with them and make small talk with Logan's father over the Capitol's sudden demand over oak and how Logan's mother couldn't dry their sheets with all the rain we were recently getting. Eventually though Logan comes out, dressed handsomely in custom made clothes my family bought him because his family was too poor to afford any clothes for his outrageously tall frame. He has on tan brown pants with matching suspenders crossing over the plain white shirt he wore, a dashing brown vest sitting over that. Bonus points, he didn't spill any food on himself and I can smell that he's chewing some mint leaves like always. "You look good," I tell him, as we step outside after saying goodbye to his parents who were heading out for the Reaping later. He flashes me a shy smile, looking rather uncomfortable in the suit. I notice that he is slouched, and he has his thumbs in his pockets as he kicks a woodchip down the red brick road we're walking down that leads off to the Town Square where most of the shops and the Justice Building are located. "It's not that I don't feel good in this suit, I just hate the circumstances that sent me into this," he explains, "We only wear it to look good for those Capitol bastards anyway." I give him a shocked look, quickly glancing around and hoping that no one heard him. Luckily we haven't gotten to the Square yet where all the cameras are located. "Logan, don't say that! You're not going to be chosen—" "Marilyn! Nobody is truly safe from these games! Anyone can be chosen, no matter how poor or rich they are!" He says seriously, his voice loud and his expression a mixture of seriousness and anger. For a second I'm worried that I've made him mad, but the next moment I know he's picked me up in a massive bear hug, the wind rustling my dress and making me feel vulnerable. "Mar, please never downplay the severity of the Games, okay? And I only agreed to sleep with you because we're almost done with these Games, but it doesn't mean that we won't be chosen," he tells me, green eyes boring into me with such intensity I feel the need to look away from his gaze. The rest of our walk is spent in silence, though it is comfortable and our hands are holding onto each other's like our lives depend on it. We slow down as we start to meet the crowds, joining the lines to sign in as the camera crews, perched on buildings like vultures, set things up for the big show. "Marilyn, I love you," Logan tells me, bending down for a short but passionate kiss as he moves to the front of the line to get his finger pricked, his blood smearing onto the paper that reads his name. He walks off to the male 17 year olds section and I step up, wincing at the sharp jab of the needle as my blood too is drawn. As soon as I wipe it across the paper I stick my index finger in my mouth, licking the blood away and going off to join the girl's 17 year old section. It's not hard for me to spot Logan again though, as his height makes him stick out like a sore thumb, towering high above the other boys around him. He isn't far from me, hanging at the edge of his section in the back, probably talking to his parents. Our mayor begins the yearly Treaty of Treason, his voice sounding sad and yet bored with the whole thing- it's obvious he can't wait for it to finish. Soon it's finished and a brightly colored woman steps up, heels clicking against the stage as she reaches for the microphone, which makes a horrible screeching moment for a second, all the camera's lining up on her. I see our only Victor wince at the sound of the microphone, sitting tiredly in a chair by the mayor. "Welcome, welcome District 7 and happy Hunger Games! My, what lovely weather this is, perfect for Reaping day!" she squeals in that foreign accent of the Capitol's. She is surprisingly young and I recognize her as a new escort, the one from the last few years having not shown up. "My name is Britannia Meyers and I will be your District's new escort this year and hopefully for many more to come!" she chirps. Well, so far she isn't as bizarre as our other escorts, maybe she isn't that bad. "Okay everyone, now that the show has started how about I draw the name of our lucky