Authors Note: I own NONE of this. No copyright infringement is intended. I just wanted to borrow the characters and play with them :). This is my first attempt at fanfiction. I hope you enjoy. *I'm WORKING on re-editing this. It'll be a slow process but some chapters may be added/taken away and such. I'll also be posting pics and such on my blog (link in my profile). They will be added to the La Cantante tab on the blog. Hugs! You can also see my updates/picture posts on my Facebook page: Tufano79's Twilight Fanfiction Appreciation! Squishy, Rob Love!* Chapter One: Orientation BPOV It's too bright. It's too warm. What's the deal? I squinted my eyes open to notice that the blinds were open in my hotel room. It's too early for it to be this bright. Oh right, now I remember. I'm moving into my dorm at university, Emerson University. Charlie insisted on coming a day before move-in day, just in case. I rolled over in the uncomfortable hotel bed and scrunched my nose. There's something about the smell of a hotel room that is just nasty. I can only imagine the things that go on in these rooms on a nightly basis. Gross! When was the last time they washed the bedspread? I can hear the shower running. Charlie, my dad, is up. He must have opened the blinds. It's his subtle way for me to get my ass out of bed. Thanks, Charlie . Much appreciated. I heaved my body out of bed and I heard my cell phone chirp, alerting me that I had a new text. Who would be texting me? The only people who have this number are Charlie, Renee, my mom, Phil, my step-dad, my brother Emmett, and Jacob. Oh, right…Jacob. Shit. Note to self: get a new phone number. As. Soon. As. Possible. Just wanted to say that I'm so proud of you, baby! You're going to do so well in uni! Love you! Mom You're texting, Mom? – B I'm getting in with the times… :) – Mom Thnks mom! I miss you and love you too! Give my love to Phil. – B Send my love Emmett, baby girl! – Mom Will do! I'll call you when I'm settled – B I blew out a breath that I didn't realize that I was holding after my conversation with Renee. That was definitely a pleasant surprise. My mom was a bit flighty and immature. At times, she drove me nuts but I knew she loved me. I think. Renee and Phil, her new husband, were supposed to be here for move in day for college. However, Phil, who is a minor league baseball player, tore his ACL in his right knee. He can't really get around and Renee was needed to help him out. This was completely understandable. I had Charlie to help me move into the dorms. I can also get my big brother who was a junior at the same school, Emmett, to help out, as well. I just couldn't believe that I am college. I am going to school to pursue my dream: music! I smiled at the possibilities of being at college and a new start that was given to me. This was going to be a great year. "Bells?" My dad's gruff voice pulled me from my reverie. I turned to see him. His brown hair, which was graying at the temples, was still wet from his shower. As I looked at him, I frowned. I couldn't put my finger on it, but something just didn't seem right with Charlie. It looked like he was losing weight and his eyes didn't have the same twinkle that they used to have. "What's up, Ch – Dad?" I asked "Aren't you going to get ready? We have a lot to do today," Charlie said with a smile on his face. "I was just waiting for you to get out of the shower. I'll be ready to go in about 15 minutes." "Great, Bella. I can't believe that you are going to college! It seems like yesterday, I was holding you as a baby. Now, you're a young woman. I'm so proud of you, baby girl," Charlie said wistfully. His brown eyes were swirling with emotion. "Thanks, Dad. I love you, so much!" I exclaimed as wrapped my arms around my father's waist. He hesitantly returned the hug. Charlie is not the most demonstrative man. I can easily assume that he was surprised at my display of affection. I was a bit weepy, too. "Go get ready, kiddo," he sighed into my hair, kissing my temple. "Okay," I responded as I went to gather my clothes and hop into the shower. I shut the door behind me and began my morning ritual. I started the shower and brushed my teeth. As I brushed, I was determined to make this year the best one ever. It has to be. Last year was horrendous. Anything has be a vast improvement from the hell that I dealt with last year. I looked at my reflection in the mirror with a determined gaze. This will be the best year of my existence. I am positive. It has to be, right? xx LC xx Charlie was unexpectedly chatty as we drove to the campus. I think he was compensating for my extremely pensive mood. Whenever I am placed a situation where I need to meet new people, I automatically get very quiet. I am very shy by nature. Once you get to know me, I'm fine, but you have to break down the wall I put up. I only had a handful of friends in high school. All of them were a part of the choir that I dedicated my high school years participating in. While I am very shy when I meet people, my personality dramatically changes when I am performing on stage in choir. It is the one place where I feel comfortable and truly happy. I am a part of a team. One voice that works in harmony with other voices to create beautiful music. I'll admit that I'm an AWESOME singer. I am cocky when it comes to my voice, thank you very much. I received numerous awards from my experiences in my high school concert choir (my joy) and show choir (the bane of my existence, but fun none-the-less). It is because of my singing talents that I am able to attend the college of my dreams: Emerson University. They gave me a substantial scholarship for my musical talents. The rest of my tuition was covered by the "Presidential Scholarship" for academics. I guess having a few friends did help out in my college career…no friends equals no social life. What else can you do but study? Emerson University is a medium sized liberal arts school that has a phenomenal music education program. It is also the home of one my favorite composers, choral conductors and soon-to-be advisor, Dr. Eleazar Santiago. With my scholarship, I was offered a place in the top vocal ensemble, Emerson University Singers. There are other groups that I will audition for, once classes begin. I smiled at the possibilities that awaited me. Musicians at the same caliber as me and people willing to work on improving their voices. Yay! "Isabella! Have you been listening to anything that I've been saying to you?" "Huh…what? Sorry, Charlie…erm, Dad." "I was asking if you have your pepper spray that I gave you." Charlie asked. Ah, the police chief rears his ugly head. My dad is the retired police chief to a little town called Forks, Washington where we grew up. He was forced to retire after an on-the-job injury. He broke his left leg. It was a compound fracture and he hasn't been able to move around as quickly as he used to. He's currently working as private investigator. He doesn't really like the job, but it pays the bills. "It's in my book bag. I'm hoping that I'll never have to use it," I grumbled. "I just want you to be safe, Bella. I know that Emmett is going to be at school with you, but…" Charlie trailed off. "Dad, I'll be fine! Jacob is going to be three thousand miles away from me. He'll be closer to you, in Forks," I retorted. "I just worry. You're my baby girl. I couldn't protect you from…Jacob," he growled. His eyes glazed over in anger as he remembered what had happened. "Charlie! Stop it! It's fine! I'm FINE! Jeez! It's in the past and it will stay in the past." Charlie eyed me warily. If only he knew what Jacob really did to me, I would not be going to school three thousand miles away in New York state. I guess what he doesn't know won't kill him. I shuddered at the thought. "You okay, Bells?" "Yeah, just nervous," I quietly replied. "Get over those nerves, quickly. We're here." I turned my head to right and smiled at the sight of Emerson University. This is going to be my home for the next four years. It was a nice combination of modern, sleek architecture and old-world elegance. However, the best feature was the state-of-the-art music building. It has sound proof rooms for ensemble rehearsals, an awesome music technology lab, recording studio, individual practice rooms and a wonderful stage. If I could, I would have my "dorm" be in the music building. Unfortunately, that will not happen. I'll be the regular dorms, like everyone else. "You ready, baby girl?" Charlie asked. "Yup! Let's go!" Cue butterflies . Breathe, Bella. Charlie pulled the rental car in front of my dorm, Patterson Hall. I hopped out of the car and danced happily. The dance was short-lived as I stumbled over my own feet and fell on my ass. I may be able to dance, but I can't walk. Ugh! I hate being clumsy. "Shit! That hurt!" "Bella, are you okay?" Charlie asked with a smirk on his face. He was trying to hold back the laughter and failing miserably. "Thanks, Charlie. Laugh at you daughter's inability to move on a flat surface. I appreciate the concern," I responded sarcastically. He chuckled and offered me a hand to get up. Then, he went to the trunk and started unloading my stuff. I dusted myself off and walked into the check-in area set up at the entrance of the residence hall. "Hi, I'm Isabella Swan. I'm supposed to live in Patterson Hall. I need to get my keys and check in," I said shyly. "Welcome to Emerson University! I'm Angela, one of the Resident Advisors," she said as she stuck out her hand. I tentatively placed my hand into hers and mumbled hello. She seemed nice. She was tall and had dark hair that was pulled back off of her face. She also had the coolest glasses. I hoped that she was the RA on my floor. "So, Isabella, it looks like you are on the second floor, in a triple, room 200. Your roommates are Alice Cullen and Rosalie Hale. They've already checked in and are unpacking as we speak," she smiled. "Bella…it's Bella. A triple? Really?" I squeaked. "Yeah, Bella. We are in the process of building a new dorm. It was supposed to be completed by the beginning of this school year, but there were some delays due to weather, permits and other various reasons. We had to place some students into triple rooms. The nice thing is that you get a room with your own bathroom," Angela explained. "I guess that makes up for it. The idea of sharing a bathroom with twenty-some-odd girls is kind of gross," I laughed. "I totally agree! It also appears that I am going to be your RA. So, if you need anything, please don't hesitate to ask. I'm in room 209." "Thanks, Angela!" "Here are your keys and swipe card. The swipe