New story…I'm just teeming with ideas. LOL. Anyhow, I'm just going with this story off the cuff to see where it goes in the first chapter. If it's good, I'll continue it. If not, we'll have to see. I'm delving back into the realm of vampires. But, Bella's the vamp this time. Without further ado… Angels and Monsters Chapter One I'm bored. I'm tired of my existence. I've been stuck in this perfect body for nearly fifty years. Unable to remember anything of my past, I drift from city to city, hunting the measly, smelly humans. The burn in my throat tells me that I'm thirsty. I could crack at any moment, but I need to maintain my composure. With an unnecessary sigh, I head into a local bar in Chicago. I can usually find a drunk or high bastard who falls for my innocent look. I wandered toward the bathroom of the bar to pop in some contact lenses to mask my bright red eyes. Nothing scares my prey like seeing blood red orbs staring at you. I chose a bright blue. With the red irises, my eyes appear to be violet and ethereal. I personally can't stand the damn contact lenses. They hinder my vision but I need to look 'pretty' for my next meal. Flipping my hair over my shoulders, I sashay to the bar and slid a twenty to the bartender. "Can I get a beer?" I purred. "I'll get you anything you want, beautiful," the bartender smiled. "How about me?" His brown eyes were dilated and his heart was stammering. Unfortunately, I heard a slight murmur. He was probably going to die of a heart attack in a few months. "Tempting, baby," I winked. "Just a beer for now." His shoulders dropped and he fetched me a beer. "I'm Eric if you need anything, beautiful," he said dejectedly. "Thanks, Eric," I replied. I caught a slight glint on his left hand. Married and he's flirting with a vampire. I bet his wife is an old hag that can't get him hard. Turning on my stool, I crossed my legs and surveyed the bar. It was early yet. The bar was barely filled. The patrons that were there were mainly leftovers from happy hour. Opening my mind, I listened to their conversations, mental and otherwise. Yeah, I can read minds. Don't ask me to explain that shit. However, the nice thing is that I can turn it on and off. That is definitely helpful when I'm searching for my prey. I love drinking human blood, but honestly, I don't want to be a complete monster. I tend to focus my attention on the men and women who are the dregs of society. The have-nots. The fucktards who diddle little boys and rape their girlfriends. I hate my job. My boss is a fucking moron. I can so do a better job…what an ass on that girl! Beer. Beer. Beer. Cat. Beer. I need to get fucking laid. I wonder if that hottie at the bar would ride me like a thorough-bred stallion. Her pussy must be hot and wet. "Not so much, sailor. Wet? Yes. Hot, not really," I answered to his mental musings. "I'm a cold, frigid bitch. And you have a comb-over." Mr. Bad Hair looked at me longingly, pleading me with his gray eyes. With a slow shake of my head, I dismissed his mental plea for me to fuck him. He heaved a sigh and turned back to his companions, searching for a next object of his affection. I spend a few hours sitting on my stool. The bar fills up to capacity and soon the burn in my throat is unbearable. The mental voices are giving me a fucking headache. I dropped my mental block and headed outside to clear my head. This bar is turning into a fruitless stop. I pull out a pack of cigarettes and light one up, blending in with the rest of the folks outside of the bar. "Got a light?" asked a pretty blonde girl. "Sure," I replied, handing the girl my lighter. I notice faint bruising on her cheeks. They were marred with tear-stains. "You okay?" "My boyfriend is being a dick," she said. "He thinks it's okay to smack me around. He's in the bathroom. I used the time to sneak out and grab a smoke." I nodded and opened my mind up, focusing on the men's bathroom. I find the girl's face in this douche's mind. Fucking bitch. She's going to pay for denying me sex. If I have to, I'll take it. His mind's eye flickers of a violent rape scene of what he plans to do this girl. I growl lowly, too lowly for the petite blonde to hear. "Hey, do you have a place to stay?" I asked. "Are you asking?" she giggled coyly. "I've never been with a woman." "Ha, me neither," I said, arching a brow. "No, I'm asking since of the bruising on your cheeks. Your boyfriend sounds like a first class douche. You don't deserve that shit. No guy should hit a girl." "He was pissed because I said that I didn't want to fuck," she shrugged. "So, he smacked me." "You have the right to say no," I implored her. My own mind blinked as something passed through my hazy memory from before I was a monster. No! Please don't. You're hurting me! I shook it off. "Well, it's time to go, Lauren," the guy sneered. "You have something to give me and I fully intend on enjoying myself." His mind is filled of his pleasure that he wants to take from Lauren. "You want to join us, sexy?" "Sure, handsome," I said as I stubbed out my cigarette. "Let me talk to my new friend Lauren before we go." "Really?" he asked, raising his brows to his hairline. His thoughts are still vicious but now they include me. I sauntered over to him and ran my finger down his jaw. His dark brown eyes darkened in lust and his arousal rose in his jeans. I bit my lip and nodded. "I'll be, um, right back…" He turned to go back into the bar. I could hear him mentally cheer that he was going to have a threesome. I looked at Lauren. "Lauren, do you trust your boyfriend?" I asked. "No. He's an ass. This isn't the first time he's done this," she replied in a small voice. "Okay. Listen to me. I know you don't even know me, but I want you to go to your home and pack a bag. Leave for a few days and find a new place to live. Your douchetastic boyfriend won't be bothering you anymore," I said. "What do you know? What are you doing?" she asked. "Ridding the world of another rapist," I snarled, my face grimacing to display the predator that I am. "Trust me. Please!" "I do," Lauren murmurs. "Though, you're kind of scary but you're smaller than me. How are you…going to…?" "Self defense," I quipped. "Go! He's coming back." "What's your name?" Lauren asked. "Bella," I answered. Lauren smiled shakily and darted away from me, hopping into a cab down the street. Her boyfriend comes out from the bar and finds me. "Lauren went back to your apartment to make it special." "Good, that bitch is thinking ahead," he said as he wrapped his arm around my waist. "Damn, girl. You're strong." "I work out," I said as I fell into step with him. "I'm Marie. What's your name, baby?" "Tyler," he said as he looked at me. "You have beautiful eyes, Marie. I would love seeing those eyes while you suck my cock." "I bet you're big," I cooed as I led him to a darkened alley near the bar. I turned him, pressing him against the wall. I cupped his meager manly bits and massaged them. "Hmmm, huge." I nuzzled his neck, smelling his blood. It was tangy and probably would taste like ass. But the burn in my throat was driving me up the wall. I needed to feed. I kissed his neck, feeling his pulse against my lips. "Shit, baby. You're cold," he shuddered. "It's chilly out," I purred. "You'll warm me up just fine." I pulled away and looked into Tyler's eyes. I knew my contacts had disintegrated. My eyes were blood red and probably hungrily staring at him. "You'll never hurt Lauren again, fucker." "What?" he squeaked. "I know what you wanted to do," I said. I pushed my mind open and showed him what I saw in his memory. "Do you see that?" He nodded. "Obviously, so did I and you will pay, Tyler." He let out a girlish scream, but it ended quickly as my razor sharp teeth dug into his pliant flesh. His warm blood filled my mouth, dousing the burning in my throat. His body is heavily leaning against mine and his heart stops. I suck out the last drop of his life's blood and drop his body on the ground. Swiping his wallet, I stuff it into my purse. Using my nails, I slice his neck open and stage his body as it was a mugging gone wrong. I called the police, explaining that I heard someone yelling from my apartment and disclosed the location of the small apartment building near where Tyler's body is located. I ran away from the scene of the crime, feeling completely sated. I eventually slowed down once I got closer to my condo on Huron. I passed by my doorman, giving him a cursory wave. Once inside the sanctuary of my condo, I went to my bedroom and stripped off my clothes, tossing them into the hamper. I darted into my shower and washed off the stench of Tyler from my diamond-hard skin. I could go two weeks without feeding again and I intended to just wait until I absolutely had to drink someone. This is where I'm bored. I've been alive in this existence for roughly fifty years. I woke up from whatever happened and was this monster. My sire was a man who found me. He explained that I was brutally attacked, but I remembered nothing of it save for a few flashes. He taught me the ways of being a vampire and then left me. Hunt at night. Don't play with your food. Hide the evidence. Never go out in the sunlight. Blah, blah, blah. When he told me never to go out in sunlight, I snickered. "Do we die or burst into flames?" "No. We, um, sparkle," he choked out. His red eyes flicked to mine and if he could blush, he would have. I didn't believe him and on the next sunny day, we went to a secluded part of the woods where he kept me until I could control my thirst. I was a fucking diamond. I squealed like a maniac as I danced and frolicked in the sun. My sire just rolled his eyes at my stupidity. I dragged his ass into the sun and I noticed he sparkled too. But, it also accentuated his scars. He was covered with scars. I was very scared when I woke up and first saw him. I wanted to attack. I think I did. But, he explained that he worked with newborns before and his scars were the result. A year after I was 'created,' my sire left me. Or rather, I left him. He was a good guy but damn he was an emo fucker. Even before emo was popular. I was in control of my thirst and decided to use my feminine wiles to gain my prey at first. I had yet to discover my mind reading gift. The only time I was able to channel it was when I was overly emotional. Pissed off. The first time I heard a mental voice, I thought I lost my mind.