Hey ya'll…I need a vacation from angst. I need something light, fluffy and honestly, smutty. *Snickers* In honor of the holiday season, I'm writing a Christmas one-shot. Hopefully, it'll put me in the holiday spirit. I desperately need it. Ya know? I mean, my home is decorated, but I'm sooooooo not feeling the holiday spirit right now. Anyhow, summary…Isabella Cullen is at home in Washington State. She's a middle school teacher, missing her husband, who is deployed in Afghanistan. It's been over a year since she's last seen her husband and this will be the second Christmas in a row that he will miss, with no luck in sight of his request of leave being approved. Her only wish is for her husband to be safe, in her arms, on Christmas. Across the globe, Edward Cullen is working his hardest to grant his wife's wish of being home for Christmas. He also wants to tell her, face-to-face, that after his tour of duty is over, that Edward would be returning home. Permanently. Will he be able to make it home to his beautiful wife? Thanks to Chandrakanta for creating the banner and for my girls (and guys?) in my group to encourage me to write this. Like I said, I need a break from the angst. This will be an amazing journey. Pictures for the story will be on my blog and tumblr. Links for those are on my profile. Here's your Christmas gift from me to you…. I'll Be Home for Christmas BPOV "Okay, ladies and gentleman, you will have a test next week on Nothing but the Truth . You can use the last ten minutes to study with your face partner, using your flashcards you created during class," I said wearily. It was the last period of the day, Friday afternoon a week before our winter break and all I wanted to do was go home. Desperately, I needed to talk to my husband, Edward, who was fighting another man's war across the world. I missed him something fierce and I was resigned to the fact that he was going to be spending another holiday in the desert of Afghanistan. And I was going to spend Christmas alone. Well, not really alone. I've got my family but it's not the same. "Mrs. Cullen?" asked one of my students, Kate. "Can we use our study guide on the test?" "Do you all think it will help?" I replied. My students fervently nodded. "Well, then. You can use your study guide. But as a trade-off, you cannot do test corrections if you bomb it. Okay?" Again they nodded, working on filling out their study guides with their partners until the bell rang at 2:30. I bid them farewell before walking to my duty post in the front hallway of the building. Standing out there were my two friends, Alice Whitlock and Rose McCarty. Alice also happened to be my husband's sister. "Hey guys. I'm sooooooooo happy it's Friday." "Me too," Rose grumbled. "I don't know about you, but the students are extra squirrely this week or something. It's like they're allergic to their seats!" Rose taught sixth grade language arts. Her husband, Emmett, worked as a pediatrician at the local hospital. He and Rose were currently trying for their first baby, but have been unsuccessful. "It's the opposite for me," Alice said, twisting her wedding rings. "My students are one step up from drool." "That's because you went to the theater yesterday and didn't get back to school until nearly midnight." I snickered. "True," she giggled. Alice was the choir director. She, along with the band director, Topher, brought three hundred students to see the musical Wicked in Seattle. The only day that was available was Thursday, yesterday. Suffice it to say, if a band or choir student was in school today, they were zombies. "I was that teacher. I put in a video." "We're all allowed to have those days," I shrugged. "Do you have a date tonight with Edward?" Alice asked. "He's supposed to be back from patrol tomorrow. If we do have a date, it'll be on Sunday," I frowned, playing with my lanyard that was around my neck. "I understand why he's there but I miss him. I need him home for Christmas. It's been over a year and a half since I last saw him in person. If he's not home on Christmas, it'll be two Christmases that he's missed!" Edward, like Emmett, was a doctor. However, he felt a strong calling to the armed services. After he completed his medical degree, he enlisted as a doctor in the Army. With my husband's stellar grades and glowing recommendations, he was assigned the rank of captain. After basic training, he was deployed to Afghanistan as a field physician. By the end of his first tour, he had been promoted to Major. My Edward had a cool head and never lost it under pressure. "Are you up for some girly company?" Alice asked. "I think Jasper is hosting the guy's monthly poker night. I do not want to be there while they burp, fart and discuss sports." Jasper is Alice's husband. He's a psychologist at the local hospital, Forks General, specializing in soldiers and civilians who are suffering from PTSD. The 'guys' that were going over to Alice's house are Emmett, Ben Cheney, Mike Newton, both teachers at the middle school where Alice, Rose and I teach, and Carlisle, my father-in-law, the chief of staff at the hospital. "Aren't you tired?" Rose snorted. "I am, but my exhaustion is trumped by the examples of manliness that will invade my house in about three hours," Alice deadpanned. "Anyhow, I have to go to the Thriftway, pick up food and munchies for the boys and then I'll be over?" "Sounds good to me," I said. "If I can't have my date night with my hubby, I may as well have some girly time with my two best friends!" We left our post and went to our classrooms. I made sure I had copies made for next week before logging off my computer and walking out to my car: silver Volvo SUV. Edward was a bit of an overprotective man. Even though he was thousands of miles away, he still wanted me absolutely safe. So, before he deployed, Edward bought me this car that was the safest in its class. I loved him for his protectiveness, but would rather have him with me than over there, saving wounded soldiers in the battle field. Stop sounding so bitter, Cullen! I know Edward had put in for leave over three months ago. But his commanding officer was dragging his heels on his response. Christmas was less than two weeks away. Our Skype dates just didn't cut it anymore. I needed to touch, feel and love up on my husband. Suffice it to say, I wanted to be walking funny after my husband leaves. Just saying… That's if I let him go. My drive home was short. Parking the car in the garage, I walked inside after I got the mail. I paid the bills and made sure I had food for our impromptu girl's night in before checking my email. It was the most reliable way that Edward and I communicated while he was overseas. Once a month, I'd send him and his unit care packages, filled with goodies that the men and women need. We'd talk once a week and Skype as often as we could. But it still wasn't the same . As I opened my email, I saw a message from my husband. It brought a smile to my face. To: Isabella Cullen From: Major Edward Cullen, M.D. Re: No news… My dearest Bella, I was hoping that when you got this that I could say that I'd be home for Christmas. But, Colonel Black still hasn't given me a response. I'm beyond frustrated, my Bella. I miss you more than words can say. I can't believe that it's been over a year since I've last held you, kissed you and made love to you. However, I'm trying to keep this as positive as I can. My guess is that no news is good news. You know? They haven't told me no. (But, they haven't told me yes, yet). I'm going to keep praying that I'll be in your arms on Christmas, my love. Anyhow, time on patrol is so tedious. We've, thankfully, not had any attacks on any civilians or armed forces. I'm grateful for that. Our supplies are dwindling and we're not due for another shipment of medical supplies for at least two weeks. It's so cruel to try and be a doctor without simple medications. Setting a bone while the patient is awake is awful for the patient and for me. The patient is aware of the pain I'm inflicting. For me, I have to listen to them scream in agony. Enough of me griping… How are things back at home? Are your students ready for break? Are you ready for them to be on break? I remember when I was a kid…that week and half before Christmas break was torture. The end was in sight but it ticked by at a snail's pace. And then the two weeks off? Done in the blink of an eye. Cruel, I tell you. I've got to go, baby. I should be back to base by Saturday. I'll Skype you on Sunday, 3pm, your time. I love you more than words can express. I'll keep praying that my leave will be approved so I can be the ultimate Christmas present, my beautiful wife. Be safe and I love you, Your Edward I sent my husband a quick response, explaining that I was having the girls over and that I missed him with my whole heart and soul. I'd tell him more when I spoke to him via Skype on Sunday. A few hours later, Rose and Alice, along with my mother-in-law, Esme and my own mom, Renee, came over for a girl's night. We drank Boone's Farm Wine and got silly, eating pizza and garlic bread. Alice and Rose had to be driven back to their respective homes by my mom, who was shockingly sober. They had really let loose, relaxing and being complete goofballs as we watched cheesy romantic comedies from the eighties. Once they were gone, I started putting the food away and washing the dishes. Esme helped me. "Have you heard from my son?" she asked. "I have. He sent me an email today. We're going to Skype on Sunday," I answered. "I miss him and I want him home, Esme." "I know you do. We all do," Esme said, hugging me. "Do you know if he's going to re-up?" "We haven't had a chance to talk about it. He's done, officially, in June. He always said that he didn't want to be a career officer. He's been deployed twice and been in the service for four years," I said as I put my wine glasses back into the china hutch. "I want to start a family. I know Edward does, too. But, that constant fear that he's going to be hurt or killed overseas?" I huffed out a breath. "I want our babies to know their father. Am I being selfish?" "No, Bella. Edward felt the call to be a physician for the army. Now? I think he's satiated that need to serve," Esme said quietly. "When he calls us, he constantly asks about you and how you're faring. In his voice, I can hear the guilt seeping through. He feels guilty that he chose this, pulling you apart for months and years at a time. You've been married for five years and out of those five years, you've been apart for over three of them." Esme pulled me into a hug as I quietly fell apart. "Just keep positive, Bella. Edward will be