So, something completely different…I'm struggling with writer's block and I'm hoping that if I write something new, it will get my juices flowing. I saw something on one of the many group's walls and it intrigued me, The Twi-Sci-Fi/Fantasy Contest. I've always been interested in Star Trek and science fiction. Even before Twilight, it caught my attention. I even wrote some Star Trek: Deep Space Nine fic, but never posted it. Anyhow, the idea that I had couldn't really lend itself to a one-shot. I decided to make it full-length fic (or novella…whichever it turns out to be). Now, none of this mine. I'm not Stephenie Meyer, nor do I claim to be. I just like to play with her characters because they make me forget about my life for a while. I also do not own Star Trek, which the space aspects of the story is loosely based off of. Everything else…is mine. Summary : She was the leader of her people. He was a gruff, by-the-book star ship captain. An interstellar war, negotiations for a peace treaty gone wrong and a taboo relationship between two species. Captain Edward Cullen was in charge of the starship, Volvo . He, along with his crew, were given a mission to deliver Empress Nirabelle of the Cygnarian people to the nearby planet of Lapus, to negotiate a treaty between their two worlds. For over a millennia, they have been fighting a vicious battle. For what? They don't even know. It's ingrained in their minds and their history. The Empress is to meet with the Crown Prince of Lapus, Jakob. The Volvo is transporting her and her envoy, Maralice to the planet. There are strict rules in place for the Empress's transport. She is to not have any contact with any males on the ship, per the cultural norms of Cygnarian society. The trip should take as little time as possible and if no headway has been made within one day of being in orbit, Captain Cullen is to transport the Empress from the planet's surface. However, something goes terribly wrong on Lapus. One communication to the Volvo and a brief face-to-face conversation forever changes the future of the Empress and Captain Cullen. Will they survive this threat or are the Star Crossed lovers doomed before they even have a chance? Star Crossed "Captain, you have a hail from Admiral Cullen," said the communications officer, Lt. Riley. "He says it's urgent and delicate, sir." "Send it to my ready room," I responded curtly. "I'll speak with him there." "Understood," Lt. Riley nodded. I got up from my chair on the bridge of my ship, the starship, Volvo . I nodded to my first officer, Commander Jasper Whitlock. He barely acknowledged me, but then again, he never did. I knew he was bitter about being passed over for the command of his own ship and under my leadership. Striding across the bridge, I used my thumb to open the door of my ready room, the office just off the bridge. Walking a little slower, I sat down at my desk and turned on the terminal. The waiting communiqué was blinking on the screen. Pressing the screen, I saw the face of my father appear. "Admiral?" "I just received your report on the last mission we sent you on," my father said, looking at the tablet in front of him. "You're building yourself quite a reputation as a negotiator and a diplomat, Edward." "I'm only following the guidelines and rules from my Galaxy Fleet training," I said, blushing slightly. "It was tough, but the reward was worth it. Seeing the smiles of the refugees from the war as they exited their prison cells, it made me so proud to say that I had a hand in that." "You should be proud, Edward. I know I am," Carlisle, my father, the admiral, said while he gave me a beaming grin. "Anyhow, we have another mission for you." "Sir, I mean no disrespect, but my crew is desperate need for some rest and relaxation. The negotiations with the Mesans and Phoenicians was taxing on them and my ship. I was heading to one of the space stations to get the Volvo overhauled," I said. "You can still go to the space station, located off the outskirts of Cygnari space. They are quite good at what they do and you'll be able to spend some time as you prepare for your mission," Carlisle explained. My tablet beeped and I saw a classified file appear. "Your reputation is going to be your biggest asset, Edward." "Did you say Cygnari space?" I asked, looking at our orders. "They have been at war with the Alphans for millennia. They aren't also a part of the Federation." "But they want to be. They've been denied because of their ongoing war with the Alphans. Their leader, Emperor Charel, wanted to see it happen before his death. Unfortunately, the war snuffed that idea quickly. He was killed about six months ago in a border skirmish." "How do you know all this? The Cygnarians are a very private species," I said, skimming the information. "Charel reached out to the Federation. He wanted to end this interstellar war. He wanted a better future for his children, Nirabelle and Charanel. He died before his wish came true. His daughter, Nirabelle, is now the Empress of her people. She wants to see her father's dying wish come true. Working with our team here on Earth, we've devised a plan for her. But there are some very specific rules, per the Cygnarian Council of Elders," Carlisle said. "What are these rules?" I asked. "Empress Nirabelle cannot have any contact with any male member of your crew," Carlisle stated firmly. "Uh, Dad, I hate to burst your bubble, but eighty percent of my crew is male," I grumbled. "I know. However, Rosalie will act as her liaison," he said. Rosalie was our chief medical officer and my ex-wife. We got married impetuously on the pleasure planet, Monté, on shore leave. We didn't love each other. It was all lust. Rosalie was gorgeous with golden blonde hair, golden skin and golden eyes. We fought merely just to make up, because the sex was phenomenal, but that does not make a strong relationship. After a year, we ended our union and we're the best of friends. She was also a valued member of my crew, being an excellent doctor and counselor. Rosalie was half human and half Solarian, an empathic species. If it weren't for her, the negotiations for all of the missions we went on would fall to pieces. She also could control the room with her empathic ability. "Okay, so Rosalie will work with her. That's good, but it's going to be difficult to keep her separated from all the men on my ship," I said. "Is she going to stay in her quarters for the entire journey?" "Yes, for the most part. She will have an envoy, Maralice, to act as a go-between. Maralice is a widowed Cygnarian woman who can speak with men and will relay any concerns to you or to Commander Whitlock," my father explained. "What about the rest of the rules?" "It's all in the file. Now, it will take about a week and half at maximum jump speed to get to Cygnari space. You have to be in orbit of Forx, the home planet of the Cynarians, in two weeks. It will take another week to get to Lapus, the Alphan home world. I'll let you read the report. Contact me if you have any questions," he said. "I will," I said, pushing the tablet aside. Smiling crookedly, I looked at my father. "How's Mom?" "Hating retirement," he snorted. "She wanted to keep exploring space but I missed my wife." "You could have joined her, Admiral," I snickered. "Or she could have accepted her promotion." "You know as well as me that your mother would not want to work at Federation Headquarters. She's always wanting to learn more. You're so much like her," Carlisle said, giving me a wry grin. "She wouldn't be so antsy if you would give us a grandchild." "Dad…" I grumbled. "Kind of single. Can't have babies on my own." "Well, you could," he laughed. "I'm not liking where this conversation is going. Bug my sister," I said, arching a brow. "She lives on Earth and is in a relationship." "Trust me, Esme is constantly ragging on Elizabeth," my dad deadpanned. "I think Elizabeth will be contacting you about stowing away on our ship to get away from the nagging." "I'll gladly take her because I know what a pain in the ass Mom is when she gets her mind set on something," I chuckled. "Anything else pertaining to the mission?" "No. You have it all," he said. "Call your mother, just to give her something to look forward to and after this mission, your crew will get some much needed time off. And that is coming from the admiral and your father." "We'll gladly take it, sir," I snickered. "Love you, son." "You, too, Dad." "Admiral Cullen, out." The screen blinked black before the insignia for the Federation popped up. I sat back on my chair, running my hands through my unruly bronze hair. I stared at the ceiling for a moment before getting up to the replicator to get something to drink. "Computer, coffee, black," I barked to the console. The machine whirred and appearing out of thin air was a steaming cup of coffee. I picked it up, inhaling it briefly before walking back to my desk. I quickly contacted the helm officer, informing him of our new destination. The engines sprang to life and we were on our way to Space Station Seven, on the outskirts of Federation space, near Cygnarian territory. I spent the next two hours poring over the orders my father gave me. I had to prepare a briefing for my senior staff so they knew what we were heading into. However, this kind of mission is what I lived for. I was a Galaxy Fleet brat. I was born on starship, lived on a starship for most of my life and will probably die on a starship. Plus, I was the golden child of Galaxy Fleet, graduating with top honors at the age of seventeen. Two years ago, I was awarded my own command and was the youngest captain in Galaxy Fleet history at the age of twenty-eight. I was now thirty and I loved the challenges I faced on a daily basis of being a Galaxy Fleet captain. Well, except for my pain in the ass First Officer. Commander Jasper Whitlock was amazing at his job, the best in the fleet. However, he was up for his own command at the same time I was. Galaxy Fleet felt that he wasn't emotionally prepared to be a captain and he was denied the promotion, assigned to be my first officer. Jasper was a decorated Wing Commander for the Galaxy War Fleet. He was injured gravely and lost both of his legs in the final battle he led. In addition to that, he was scarred both physically and emotionally. He spent a year and a half at Galaxy Fleet Medical Headquarters on the Solari home world. He had to learn how to use his biomechanical limbs and cope with his survivor's guilt. He was granted a field commission of lieutenant commander upon his return to Galaxy Fleet. He quickly became commander and first officer for a small research vessel, Chicago . He put in for a transfer to the Volvo when he heard that the captain was nearing the end of her career. I was the first officer and when the captain resigned from the fleet, I was offered the post and Jasper was given the opportunity to be my first officer. He took it, begrudgingly. The rest, as they say, is history.