So, here we are…starting a new story. I'm dreaming it's summer time and the favorite thing about summer time, besides the longer days and warmer weather is the return of my favorite show, So You Think You Can Dance. I love it … the beauty, artistry and athleticism is amazing. Plus, the music they play? Damn … makes me happy. Anyhow, the first few chapters were submitted to the Fandom 4 Autism compilation. If you've donated to that cause, you've read these chapters, but I am continuing it. Here's the full summary: It had been Bella's dream to go on the dance competition, So You Think You Can Dance . She was a contemporary dancer, going to college, trying to rebound from the death of her father. Her mother's lack of support and a significant injury forced her to forget her dreams and go to school, getting her masters, to be a teacher. Edward Cullen had already lived the dream, being the runner up for the previous season of So You Think You Can Dance . He was a steamy, sexy Latin dancer and a fan favorite, but he came in second behind a jazz dancer, Lauren Mallory. But, in Edward's world, it worked out for the best. He now had an opportunity to be a choreographer and an All-Star for the competition. Rosalie, Bella's best friend and fellow dancer, convinced Bella to try out during the audition tour in Portland. Bella was hesitant. It was her dreams of being a dancer that inadvertently killed her father. He was working overtime to pay for extra classes when he was murdered on the job. Rose wheedled and pleaded with her, begging her to come to the auditions. Begrudgingly, Bella agreed and she became a judge favorite, sailing through to the call-backs in Los Angeles. The competition is fierce. Dreams are at stake and a budding romance between All-Star, Edward and contestant, Bella are the talk to of the competition. Not to mention jealousy and bitterness from fellow contestants. Will Bella's dream become a reality or will her dreams be dashed before she even gets a chance to compete? Will Edward open his heart to the sweet brunette who captured his attention at the auditions? "And America's Favorite Dancer is..." Without further ado… So You Think You Can Dance? Chapter One: A Dream Fulfilled EPOV "And America's Favorite Dancer is…" Tanya's voice said. I was holding hands with Lauren Mallory, a jazz dancer and fellow finalist. She was beautiful and her dancing style was nothing short of ethereal. Very different from the explosive actions and sexy movements of my Latin dancing. She was a close friend and regardless of who won, I was proud of what I had accomplished in the competition and was so very proud of her. "Lauren!" "Holy shit!" she squeaked, her eyes widening. I wrapped her up in a hug as the confetti canons went off, covering the stage with sparkly tinsel and bright colored paper. "Congratulations, Lauren! I'm so happy for you!" "Edward!" she sobbed, clutching to my black shirt. "I couldn't have done it without you." I smiled, kissing her cheek and stood off to the side. One of the stage hands gave me a huge bouquet. Tanya hugged Lauren and she announced to the audience the winnings for this competition. Lauren had received a cover of Dance Sport magazine, a spot in the revival of West Side Story on Broadway, $250,000 cash prize and an advertising modeling contract for some woman's deodorant line. Lauren hugged her and the cameras cut away as a montage of her best bits were shown on the big screens. Once the videos were done, all of us were surrounding Lauren. I was placed on the right of Tanya, nearest to her side that held the microphone and Lauren was on the left, trying not to snot sob in front of millions of people. "Ladies and gentlemen, let's give it up one more time for Lauren Mallory and our top twenty dancers!" The crowd went crazy and the judges were standing, applauding us with proud grins on their faces. "Thank you for watching! This Tanya Denali for everyone here at So You Think You Can Dance saying good night!" She smiled, wrapping her arms around Lauren's waist and mine, though her hand was dangerously close to my ass. The steady cam operator came onto the stage as the theme music came on and we all swarmed around Lauren. Handing my flowers to Peter, my roommate and closest friend in the cast, I swept Lauren onto my shoulder and we celebrated. Lauren was laughing, pumping her arms from my perch on my shoulder until the music stopped. I helped her down, hugging her tightly. "Edward, you should have won," Lauren said, grasping my hands. "Lauren, do you know how awesome you were on the performance finale? You deserved it," I smiled crookedly, kissing her cheek. She squealed once more, hugging my neck and throwing her legs around my waist. I was genuinely happy for her. She had deserved it. Alistair and Carmen, the two head judges, along with all of the guest judges, came onto the stage. They congratulated the finalists, saying that it was the closest race they'd had since the inception of the show, roughly eight years ago. About a hundred votes made the decision, naming Lauren as the winner. We all spoke for another fifteen minutes before the top twenty was photographed with me and Lauren in the middle. After that, we were released to be with our families and to celebrate at the mansion we all lived in during the duration of the show. I found my parents, Esme and Carlisle. My mom was a former Latin dancer and had been my hugest support in my dream of becoming a Latin ballroom dancer. My dad was a doctor, whom she met after she had injured her Achilles tendon during her final competition. She stopped competing due to the injury and fell head over heels in love for the doctor who had treated her. They got married within a few months. I came about nine months later. They hugged me, congratulating me for my second place finish. I was so happy to see them, but all I wanted was to shower, get the makeup off my face and the grime from dancing most of the night off my body. "We'll meet you at the house," Dad said, rubbing my back. "Perhaps we can go out for dinner. I can imagine you're starving." "Yeah," I chuckled. My diet was protein heavy since I had to maintain my physique, but when I was nervous, I couldn't eat. It would just come back up. And trying to dance, do these slinky, sexy moves while you have dragon breath is not very kosher. That is not good dance etiquette. Ewww … "I just need to grab my stuff and the bus will take me back. I have to shower." "I can imagine," Mom snickered, waving her hand in front of her face. "I am not that bad. Peter is worse," I deadpanned, kissing her cheek. "Am not!" Peter grumped. "Yes, you are," Lauren giggled, her arm threaded through Alistair's. "I danced with you for the first five weeks, Peter. You stank!" Peter scowled, puffing out his cheeks. With a giggle, Lauren walked over to my roommate, kissing his cheek. "But, I love you. Thank you for being such a solid partner, Peter. I couldn't ask for a better one." "You're welcome, Lauren. And congratulations," Peter smiled, hugging her tightly. Peter was a contemporary dancer. He had been eliminated the second week we had danced with an All-Star, a former SYTYCD contestant. The routine that had eliminated him was a hip hop dance. He didn't know how to crump and the chemistry between him and his partner was nonexistent. The audience, both live and television, noticed it and had voted him off the show. "Are you coming to the house, Dr. and Mrs. Cullen?" "We are," Dad smiled. "We'll see you there? Perhaps, we can take you out for dinner, too?" "Oooh, yes! The party is going to be just munchies. I need me some real food. Count me in!" Peter said, rubbing his flat stomach. The guy was a bottomless pit, but with the way he danced, he earned it. "Let's go get our shit, Edward." I hugged my parents once more and went down to the dressing rooms. Removing my costume, I hung it up. I was one of the few dancers who actually took care of my costumes, shoes and belongings. The costume crew loved me and I had received numerous thank you cards from them, along with a lot of votes. Dressed in a pair of workout pants and a t-shirt, I met up with Peter outside. He was smoking a cigarette, chatting with his boyfriend, Charlie. I sent my parents a text and got onto the bus. Nearly everyone was on it, heading to the house for the wrap party. The only people missing were Lauren and her boyfriend, fellow finalist, hip hop dancer, Embry Call. Lauren had to do some interviews and such before her work was done for the night. We all went our separate ways in the house. I went directly to the bathroom I shared with Peter, Embry and Kevin, a dancer eliminated during the third week. I locked the door, stripping out of my workout gear and scrubbed my skin raw. Finally free of the sweat, makeup and some random, residual confetti, I dressed in a pair of dark jeans, a black button-down shirt and a pair of black Converse. I felt human and like me again. On stage, I adopted a persona. I was larger than life, sexy and confident. In reality, I was fairly quiet and bookish. Dance allowed me the freedom to be someone else. I enjoyed that and reveled in it, but when all was said in done, I liked to be comfortable, read a good book and choreograph every song I heard on the radio. That was my dream, really. I liked to perform, put on a show, but to be able to choreograph? I lived for that shit. "Edward! What the fuck are you doing in there? Masturbating to the image of Tanya? " Peter teased. I shuddered. Tanya Denali, the host of SYTYCD, was always all over me. I was not even remotely interested. She was beautiful, blonde and British, but not my type. I was partial to petite brunettes. My former partner, before she retired and prior to the competition, was this tiny little thing. Maria was an amazing dancer, but when her boyfriend proposed to her, she quit the ballroom circuit. I did a few competitions with a girl from my mom's studio, but it wasn't the same. I was ready to throw in the towel when Maria sent me a text about the auditions for SYTYCD. We both, at one time, wanted to compete and thought it would be fun to do so as partners. Since she got married, her priorities changed and she was trying to start a family. Maria remembered our dream and she said she'd help me with my audition. I auditioned in Detroit with Maria and was on the 'Hot Tamale' train according to Carmen, the ballroom expert. It was at the audition that Tanya started making her innuendos that she wanted me. I hoped that it would stop, but it only got worse as the season progressed. There was a strict rule that anyone involved in the production of the show could not be romantically linked with the contestants. Contestants and even All-Stars could get together since they had no bearing on the competition, but the choreographers, the judges and the host, Tanya, were to maintain a professional distance. In front of the producers and judges, Tanya was sweet and somewhat handsy, rubbing my shoulders, giving me hugs and