Title: Starlet Rating: M Pairing: Bella and Edward Summary/Disclaimer: None of this is owned by me. (HA! I wish…). Stephenie Meyer created the world of Twilight. I just like to visit and make them do pervy things, like have sex and swear. Chapter One: Bliss BPOV I was sitting in my trailer, waiting for my next scene. Things had definitely improved in the past few months. I was happy. I was clean. I was in love. I think. Ironically enough, I was in love with my former bodyguard and now co-star, Edward Masen. But we haven't made any proclamations or anything. I can just sense it when he looks at me. His eyes, god, his eyes just pierce through me and they are filled with such love. But, I was scared. Why would Edward care about me? I'm nothing compared to him. Complete opposite of him. He's smart, compassionate, handsome and so very talented. The only thing that we are similar is the talent. I'm a damn fine actress. I'm twenty-five years old and have been in nearly fifteen films since I was eighteen. I'd been nominated for two Golden Globes and an Oscar. I never won, but the nominations are still important. I was getting recognized for my talent. Or was it Jacob's pimpage of me? Ugh, good riddance to bad rubbish. My life has improved greatly since I fired him as my publicist and hired Angela Weber. She's friendly, happy and gets shit done. Opposite of Jacob. He was seriously selling me to the lowest bidder. Some of the movies I made when I was younger were downright horrific. "Five minutes, Miss Swan," called one of the stage hands. "Thanks. I'll be right there," I replied. I closed my script and checked my makeup. I played the part of Becca in a new vampire saga. I was the unsuspecting human that falls in love with a vegetarian vampire. Originally, that vampire was played by James Cobb. He was fired from the saga due to his drug habits. They would have fired you, too. You were with him when he got caught, bitch. Luckily, I was not high as a kite or carrying any drugs. I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. But calling Edward to bail me out of jail was one of the most humiliating things ever. He did it, though. He was so worried and caring during that time. We didn't speak for two weeks after that. You see, Edward played the part of the vegetarian vampire, Daniel. He had to go through vampire boot camp. I went away to a spa with his aunt and cousin prior to the beginning of filming. Today was our big 'scene.' Daniel is going to kiss Becca in her bedroom. I ran my hands through my curled brown hair and slipped on my ballet flats before walking to the set. The room on the set is lit up romantically and I can see Edward speaking to Carlisle. God, he's yummy. His hair is tousled in the most delightful way. It looks like he had the most amazing sex and his hair was the result. Unfortunately, his normally bronze locks are dyed a deep mahogany brown with reddish highlights. His pale skin was even paler due to the makeup they made him wear. However, it made his features look more chiseled, like he was made from marble. His jawline was so sharp, it looked like it could cut glass. His nose was straight and perfect and don't get me started on his eyes. They were the most unique shade of golden brown. So unique that all of the vampires in the film that are vegetarians have contacts that look exactly like Edward's eyes. "Ah, Bella. You're here," Carlisle said. "Want to rehearse first or just go for it?" "Let's just go for it," I smiled. "Okay, get on the bed and Edward, over on your mark," Carlisle said. Edward nodded and walked to his spot opposite from my bed. I crawled onto the tiny full-sized bed and picked up the prop cell phone I was using to talk to my 'mom' in the scene. "Ready?" Both Edward and I nodded. "Quiet on the set! And action!" "What are you doing here, Daniel?" I asked Edward. "How…how did you get in?" I stared at him, arching a brow. "Window," he purred, his voice like molten chocolate. He glided over to me and sat down across from me. "How long have you been sneaking into my bedroom?" I asked incredulously. "A few months now. I find it interesting. I like watching you sleep," he said as he scooted closer to me. His golden eyes gazed at me. His pink pouty lips were locked in a smirk. A damn sexy smirk. "Must be intriguing," I snorted. "Do I snore?" "Nope. You talk," he smiled crookedly, tucking an errant hair from my face. "What do I say?" "You mumble a lot. Nothing really makes sense," he said. "But, my name tumbles from your lips the most. Do you dream of me, Becca?" I looked down at my hands, inhaling deeply. I dream of you, Edward. Every night. I want to be the woman for you. Looking up through my lashes, I smiled at him. "I do dream of you, Daniel. Do you dream of me?" "If I could dream, it would be of you, my Becca," he murmured. "I want to try something. Can I?" I bit my lip and nodded. "Hold very still." He leaned forward, slowly. So slowly. His minty breath wafted over my body and I sighed. His large hand cupped my cheek and his lips were centimeters away from mine. "Don't move. Please?" He continued to move forward and soon his lips were gently caressing mine. Oh, God! I want this to be real. I need him. He pulled away and looked at me. It wasn't Daniel looking at Becca. It was Edward looking at Bella. The love he had for me was amazing and I wanted it all. I wanted to give all of my love to him. But, I didn't know how. He took my face in both of his hands and pressed his lips to mine again. My hands moved up his shoulders, to his hair. I rose to my knees and moved closer to Edward. His arms wrapped around my waist and he pulled me to his rock hard chest. Our lips separated momentarily and the next thing I knew, I was on my back with Edward between my legs. His tongue was tracing my lower lip and I moaned quietly. "Cut!" Edward pulled back and looked at Carlisle. "Good?" "Very good," Carlisle smiled. "We have to get a few different angles, but that was awesome. The chemistry between you two is fucking awesome! I want to do this three more times. Okay?" "I'm cool," Edward said with a crooked grin, looking down at me. He held up his hand and helped me to a seated position. "You cool?" "Definitely," I smirked. The makeup artists came and adjusted my makeup. We ran the scene three more times, plus once more full out just to be safe. Each time we did the scene, Edward's mouth became more familiar against mine and I wanted him to kiss me as Edward. Not Daniel. After the final take, Carlisle proclaimed this scene to be done. "We're done for the day, folks. Tomorrow, we'll work on the meadow scene. Be ready to go at six, people." He waved and the lights turned off. "Good job, Edward," I said. "You're so awesome at this. I still can't believe that this is your first film." "Thanks, Bella," he said softly. "I spent so much time watching you on the sets of your films, I kind of got the gist of what to do. Plus, the theater minor in college helped." "True," I giggled as I got up out of the bed. My foot got caught on one of the sheets and I stumbled. Edward caught me in his arms and cradled me to his chest. "Sorry." "Don't be," he said with a crooked grin. He gently lifted me from the tangled sheets. He removed his arms from my body and I felt sadly bereft. "Better?" "Sure," I said quietly. "What are you doing tonight, Edward?" "Washing this shit off my body and then crashing," he replied as we walked out of the set and to our trailers. "You?" "About the same, but my makeup is nowhere as near as fierce as yours is," I said as I ran my finger down one of his cheeks. Holding it up, I showed him the white pastiness on my finger tip. "I feel for you, Edward." "At least I don't have to wear the contacts," he said. "I'm the freak with gold eyes." "You're not a freak, Edward," I said. "You're a good man who's put up with a lot of my shit." "It's not shit," Edward chuckled. "You bailed me out of jail because I was caught with James who had drugs on him," I said dryly. "Not my finest moment. Thank goodness I hadn't used." Edward's lips tightened to a firm, tight line. "You're pissed." "I'm not pissed, Bella. Confused," he said. "Look, I know we have an early call tomorrow, but do you want to get something to eat? I want to talk to you. Understand why you are the way you are…" "Okay," I nodded. "But, let's not go out. Come over to my condo and I'll cook you dinner?" "Sure. I'll be over in like an hour. I need make my skin look like I'm alive as opposed to a corpse," he laughed. "I'll bring the dessert. Brownies, right?" "My favorite," I blushed. "You still like chicken parmesan, right?" "My favorite," he said as he turned to his trailer. "See you in an hour, Bella." He winked and ducked inside. I smiled widely and danced to my trailer. I quickly changed into a pair of jeans and a black tank top. I slipped on a pair of black and pink floral wedges and some bracelets. Swiping my iPhone from its charger, I walked out to my car. My sleek silver Audi R8. I noticed that Edward's car was already gone. He had a black Volvo. He insisted on getting it once he started working for me as my bodyguard because, well, I'm not sure. Yeah, did I mention that? Edward originally was my bodyguard before he was my co-star. He's seen me at my lowest. My absolute lowest and yet he still looks at me the way he does. Lovingly. I pulled into my condo on Wilshire and parked my car. I darted up the stairs and pulled out the ingredients for Edward's favorite meal. Thankfully, I just needed to put it into the oven. Ever since I cleaned up my act, I've spent a lot of time cooking. I needed to occupy my time doing other things besides smoking, fucking and doing drugs. Well, I still smoke, but not as much as used to. I figured I needed a smoke before Edward came over. I needed to calm down. I searched for my cigarettes in my purse and walked out to the balcony. I lit up and let the nicotine fill my lungs, relaxing me. I leaned forward and finished my cigarette. As I flung it over my balcony, I saw Edward in my condo. He had a key since he was previously as my bodyguard. He'd stay with me when I was three sheets to the wind or high as a kite. "Hi," he said shyly. "I let myself in." "That's fine," I said. "I was just smoking. You want anything to drink?" "Some coke if you have it," he replied as he put a platter of brownies on the counter. "Turtle brownies." He smiled sweetly and ran his hand through his dark hair, causing