They survived falling in love and having four (count 'em, FOUR) children. Now, Geekward and Nerdella are parents of teenagers. Say a prayer for them for they are in for a bumpy ride. Kyra is being a brat, displaying actions akin to her uncle who is nearing the end of his life on death row. Owen is a geek, like his dad. Then there is Mia and Masen, the twins. They're still cute and adorable. Well, as cute and adorable as twelve year olds can be. Let's not forget Alice, Jasper, Adam, and Gianna (the Whitlocks), Justin, Alex and Demetri (the Volturis), Esme and Marcus (the Volturis), Tim, Rose, Ava and Lucas (the Napletons) and our antagonist, Jacob Black. Emmett will also make a brief appearance in this story, too. But he's not causing drama. His final goodbye, as it were. Surviving the Teenage Dream Chapter One: Meet the Cullens, Again… EPOV "Owen, careful with the brakes," I barked. He was pumping the brakes of my car, causing it to jerk and give his old man a concussion against the seat rest. "You just need to tap them." "Sorry, Dad," he grumbled as he eased up on the pedal. He pushed his glasses up his face and sighed. "I'm never going to get this. Why do I suck?" "You do not suck," I said as I put my hand on his shoulder. "Who told you that? I'll kick their butts, or ground them if they're one of your siblings." "It's nothing, Dad," he sighed. He pulled into a parking spot, putting the car into park and got out. I frowned at his actions and at his now sullen attitude. He'd become more and more withdrawn since his sixteenth birthday. Owen had always been a quiet child, but at least he had a crooked smile on his face and was a happy kid. Now, he's just depressed and sad. In fact, our house has been pretty sedate since Kyra's temper tantrum just prior to Homecoming. I moved the driver's side of the car while Owen slunk into the passenger seat. He took out his iPod and put in his ear buds, effectively cutting off communication with me. I miss my sweet children. They were so adorable when they were babies. They loved conditionally and didn't give lip. With a sigh, I drove around Wheaton until I got to the Oberweiss off of Butterfield. I poked Owen with my elbow and nodded to the ice cream shop. With a sigh, Owen got out of the car and we went inside, ordering a brownie sundae to share. I wanted some chocolate and REAL ice cream since my lovely wife had me a diet of frozen yogurt and healthy shit. Blech. "Owen, talk to me," I murmured as we sat down in a booth. "I know that something's up. You have the same look in your eyes that I did when I was your age." "You won't laugh?" he whispered, his hazel eyes widening. "Never, Owen. I love you and want to make sure you're happy," I said as I put my hand on his forearm. Owen sighed, running his hands through his unruly hair. "I'm just…shit," he mumbled. "I don't want to get anyone into trouble." "Owen, if you're being hurt or bullied, I need you to tell me," I said. "It's Kyra, Dad," he said. "She puts on this act at home that she's 'better,' but at school, her and her cronies, Mackenzie, Madelyn and Kimmie, they find ways to torture me. Though, it's Mackenzie who is the worse. Kyra doesn't actively do anything but she doesn't stop it, either. Kyra used to be my best friend and now she's turned into one of those bitches at school who tease other kids who aren't cool. I'm not the only one but I'm their biggest target." I pursed my lips, extremely disappointed in my daughter. We taught her better than this. Despite the fact that she wasn't an active part of the bullying, her passive behavior toward the situation wasn't helping her brother. At. All. Or her situation with her punishment. "I shouldn't have said anything," Owen mumbled. He pushed his glasses and shoveled the ice cream into his mouth. "NO! Owen, you were right in telling me," I said. He scowled at me. "No child should be bullied or teased. What your sister is doing is highly inappropriate. She's your sister. Your blood. She should be your biggest advocate. Not your enemy." "Uncle Emmett was your enemy," Owen said. "Who told you about him?" I asked, arching a brow. "Aunt Ali," Owen replied. "I was talking to Adam and she overheard what I was saying to him. Aunt Ali told me about how Uncle Emmett tortured you as a kid and did all of those horrible things to you as an adult." "How much did she say?" "Not much. Just that Uncle Emmett was the devil here on earth," he shrugged. "Well, I'll tell you about Uncle Emmett, but not now. I'll probably do it with both you and your sister. She needs to know about him and how her behavior is very similar to his," I said angrily. "She obviously is not doing the same thing. However, she needs to understand that her actions are having some serious consequences. Have you told your teachers?" Owen shook his head, his head dropping as his hair flopped in front of his eyes. I pinched my nose and took out my cell phone, sending a text to Bella. Owen just confessed that Kyra has been involved in bullying him. We need to talk to the two of them. ASAP. – E I swear that girl is going to spend her senior year on punishment. I'm so disappointed in her. When are you coming home? – B A half hour. We're finishing up some manly bonding – E Are you eating unhealthy food? EDWARD! The doctor… - B The doctor will not begrudge an ice cream with my son… - E I'll be home soon, gorgeous. Love you – E Love you, too – B "Let's finish our ice cream, Owen. When we get home, we're having a family meeting," I said. He nodded and inhaled the rest of the brownie sundae, leaving me two bites. "Thanks for saving me some, bud." "You know that Mom will kick your ass if she knew that you had ice cream, Dad," he smirked as he popped the last brownie in his mouth. I growled as I picked up the bowl, depositing it into the garbage. "Can I try driving home?" "You can, but please, I beg of you, be kind to my brakes," I snorted, handing him my keys. We drove back to our home and parked in the driveway. I got a few new gray hairs from that drive. Owen sped up too quickly and slammed on the brakes too hard. The kid was giving me whiplash. Owen and I walked into the family room, where the rest of my children were located. Bella was curled up on the couch, typing on her laptop. Mia was reading a book. Masen was playing with his PSP. Kyra was working on homework. "Hey, Daddy," Mia said as she looked at me. Her smile radiated from inside and she reminded me so much of Bella. She looked so much like my wife. "Owen, how was the driving lesson?" "It was good," he said as he sat down next to his little sister. "This book is good but the second one in the series is much better. I read it in like a day." "Do you have it? I borrowed this from my friend, Cassie," Mia said. "I do. Upstairs in my room," Owen said as he hugged her. "When you're done with this one, I'll give you my copy of the second book." "Thanks, Owen," Mia replied gratefully. He hugged her and kissed her forehead. "Dad, you look like you're about to murder someone," Masen chuckled. "Your vein is throbbing." I rubbed my forehead and looked at my youngest son. "I don't want to murder anyone," I said. "I do want to talk to you guys." "Another talk?" Kyra griped. She shoved her homework away, rolling her eyes dramatically. "Kyra Marie Cullen," Bella snapped. "Need I remind you about your attitude?" Kyra wrinkled her nose and plastered on a fake smile. I sat down next to Bella who put her laptop on the cocktail table. I took her hand briefly, squeezing it for support. "Yeah, we need to talk," I said. "No one is leaving until I'm done. Got it?" "What is it, Daddy?" Mia asked her brow furrowing. "Did you know that I have another sibling? Besides Aunt Ali and Uncle Demetri?" I asked. Mia and Masen shook their heads. Owen bit his lip, shooting a look at Kyra. Kyra ducked her head and pulled her legs up to her chin. "Well, I do. His name is Emmett and he's in jail." "Why is he in jail?" Masen asked his brown eyes were filled with curiosity. "Emmett is a very mean and bad man," Bella said when I hesitated. Despite the several years of therapy I received after Emmett's incarceration, I still struggled talking about him and how he made my life hell. "That's putting it lightly," I said. "My brother, Emmett, he tormented me when I was younger. He teased me, bullied me and made my life hell. I was the 'thorn' in his side because apparently, I took Nana Esme's attention from him. So, Emmett made fun of me. A lot. All the way through my adulthood, he teased me. However, at his birthday party about twenty years ago, I had had enough. Aunt Ali and I prepared a video that showed how awful he was. Along with teasing me, he also stole money from the law firm he worked at, slept with women for money, did drugs and gambled illegally. This video was displayed at the party and long story short, Emmett was arrested after losing his temper. He attacked me and broke my nose, gave me a nasty concussion and did some damage to my ribs." "Are you alright, Daddy?" Mia asked as she clambered into my lap. She hugged me tightly. "I'm fine, now, sweet girl," I said as I soothed my daughter, rubbing her back. I kissed her forehead and tucked her to my side. "It happened a long time ago. Anyhow, Emmett was put on trial for his crimes. The trial started right after your mom and I got married. The star witness for the prosecution was my dad. My real dad." "Not Marcus?" Owen asked. "Yeah. Carlisle," I replied. "Carlisle went up on the witness stand, explaining in detail how Emmett screwed over his law firm and made all of these bad decisions. Emmett was livid. I never saw him that mad before. He couldn't even perform his cross examination. So, he asked for a recess and it was granted by the judge. The night of Carlisle's testimony, he was attacked and ultimately killed." "By who?" Kyra asked her golden eyes filled with tears. "Emmett," I answered. "He carved in his initials into my dad's stomach after he beat him to a pulp. My dad lived for some time after his attack but the doctors explained that he'd be a vegetable if he survived. I was given medical power of attorney. He went into cardiac arrest and I told them to not to go through drastic measures. My real dad was an ass like Emmett, but I hated having to tell the doctors to stop. "Then, Emmett disappeared off the face of the planet, for a time. It appeared he was just biding his time in a small town in Washington State called Forks. He met up with a woman there, named Lauren. She was hired at Whitlock, trying to gain reconnaissance on our family." "But Lauren was dumber than