Okay, we're starting the sequel for A Fresh Start. This will probably be slow going as I want to make sure I tell Marie's story well and appropriately. Anyhow, Twilight is not mine. Never will be mine. Ever. *WAAAH!* David, Lizzie and Marie are mine in a literary sense. Ren, too. On with it, kids! The Next Chapter Chapter One: Reconnections "Mrs. Masen! This is total crap. I did not start that food fight. Rebecca Smith told Bobbie Richert that he was gay and HE started it," Jorie said. Why am I a dean? Put a fork in me. I'm done. "Jorie, it doesn't matter who started the food fight. You participated in it and you will need to deal with the consequences," I said, staring at the young girl. Her black hair was covered with ketchup and a few fries nestled in it. Her mascara was running down her cheeks and her lip was quivering. "Don't start with the lip. It won't do anything. You will spend the rest of today and all of tomorrow in the in school suspension room. Here's your pass." "But, Mrs. Masen!" Jorie whined. "Do you want an extra day, Jorie?" I asked sternly. "No, ma'am," Jorie grumbled. She snatched the pass from me and skulked out of my office. Once she left, I sprayed some air freshener. The smells of cafeteria invaded my office and was making me nauseous. I leaned forward and smacked my head against my desk. I. Hate. My. Job. "You know, Bella," Alice said as she leaned against my door, "that will not make the kids make better choices." "Maybe it'll make my headache go away," I said to the floor. "I hate this, Alice. Three years and I hate my job. I should have taken Sherrie's job. Principal Masen sounds SOOOOOOOOOO much better than Dean Masen." "Bella, you had triplets. You were a mess. There was no way in hell you could have been the principal for this crazy building," Alice giggled. "What happened now?" "Huge. Massive. Gargantuan. Food fight during the 8th grade lunch," I said as I looked at my sister-in-law. Her tiny features were framed by a short black hair cut that flipped out. Her eyes were covered with a pair of rectangular frames. She wore a chic pair of black pants and heels with a red sweater set on top. Her body was extremely small, only 4'11" and she was in killer shape. Alice frowned at my admission. "How many kiddos were involved?" "Twelve. I just sent the last one to ASDA," I said. "My job is going to lead me to drink. Gah!" "Perhaps the good doctor can cure your ills. With some hot steamy lovin'," Alice said with a suggestive waggle of her brows. "Have Edward live up to his nickname." "God, I still can't believe I called him that," I laughed. "What the hell was I thinking?" "You weren't," Alice giggled. "We're having brunch at my house on Sunday. Jasper has some news. You and Edward will be there, right?" "Wouldn't miss it, Elf," I smiled. "Can we bring Nessie? Separating the dog from Marie is quite challenging. Marie is attached to the furball." "As long as the furball doesn't shit on my carpet, then we're good," Alice smiled. "I'll talk to you later, Bells." "Love you, Elf." "Love you, Bells." Alice turned and left my office. I finished my discipline report and contacted all of the parents involved. Half of the parents were pissed. The other half were ashamed. I had several requests for meetings and I arranged for them to happen tomorrow. The school day was almost done and I needed to pick up my children from Nana's daycare. I love my mother-in-law. Once the bell rang, I went outside and did my bus duty. I chatted with several students and shooed them onto their buses. After that, Rose came up to me and weaved her arm through mine. "I heard about the food fight, Dean Masen," Rose snickered. "Thank you for putting half of my last period class in ASDA. It made my day so awesome!" "I'm glad I could oblige, Mrs. McCarty," I smiled. "They'll be gone tomorrow too." "Sweet! Are you coming to the football game tomorrow night? Emmett is so nervous about making sectionals. He needs all of the support he can get," Rose said. "Edward is working tomorrow during the day, so I think it's feasible. I don't want to take Lizzie, David and Marie by myself," I replied. "How are things going with Marie?" Rose asked. "Edward is talking to a colleague of Tanya's. Her name is Dr. Kate Diamante. She's one of the best. We're going to be flying out to Seattle in a few weeks. Hopefully she can give us some answers for my baby girl," I said sadly. My three babies were my miracles. David Anthony was my oldest, by five minutes. He was a mini-Edward in his mannerisms. However, David looked like me, with Edward's jade eyes. Elizabeth Tanya was my middle child. She was the leader of her siblings. Super bossy and boisterous. There were times where I think she's not my child. Both Edward and I are very reserved and quiet. Lizzie, not so much. Marie Esme was my baby girl. The youngest of my triplets. She was the spitting image of Lizzie but didn't speak a word. She also refused to be touched by anybody besides Edward, Esme, Carlisle, Sue, Charlie or me. Her best friend is her dog, Nessie, a puppy that the triplets received two months ago for their fourth birthday. "How long will you be in Seattle?" Rose asked as we walked back into Cherry Blossom Middle School. "A week. We're leaving on a Friday after work and returning the following Sunday, the weekend before Thanksgiving," I said. "I hope that Dr. Diamante will give us some answers. I want my baby to be okay. Or least have some answers, you know?" "I know," Rose smiled. "Well, text me if you are coming. Okay?" "Okay. I'll see you tomorrow, Mrs. McCarty," I said as I went back to my office. I grabbed my bag and car keys. I headed out to my car and slid into my beautiful Audi. I grinned as the engine purred. I eased out of the parking lot and drove to Esme's house. I pulled into the large circular drive and parked my silver SUV. I opened the door and headed inside. "Hello?" "In the kitchen, Bella," Esme called. "We're finger painting." "Oh, god," I moaned. I walked through the large home and saw the large kitchen table covered with a plastic cover. David had blue paint all over his hands and the button-down shirt he wore. He even had some in his chocolate brown hair. His tongue was sticking out as he was rubbing his tiny hands over the paper. Lizzie was daintily making a rainbow, trying not to get dirty. Marie was sitting in Esme's lap watching as her Nana was finger painting. "David Anthony, you are a hot mess, child." "I'm blue like the COOKIE MONSTER!" he bellowed. "Inside voice, boy," I snickered as I kissed his forehead. "What are you making, Lizzie?" "A rainbow for daddy," Lizzie said with a crooked grin. "He loves my rainbows." "I know. He has them in his office. Such a good artist, Elizabeth Tanya. When are you going to make me a rainbow? My office is rainbowless." "How about you I give you this one, Mommy?" Lizzie said, her brown eyes sparkling. "I would love that, Lizziebear," I said as I kissed her forehead. "It would look awesome on my door so all the kids at school can know what an awesome artist my girl is." "Am I an awesome artist, Mommy?" David asked. "Yes, you are, Cookie Monster," I giggled. "You are so getting a bath tonight, child." "I had one last night," David whined. "You are blue, David," I rationalized with my son. He's four, Bella. He understands SpongeBob and Cookie Monster. "How about you, Marie? What are you making?" Marie smiled shyly and pushed the painting that Esme was working on toward me. I saw her tiny hand prints in the center of the white paper. Esme added some flourishes with her own fingers. "So pretty, Re Re. What's your favorite part?" Marie pointed to her hand prints and grinned. "Me, too, little one," I said. I kissed her cheek. Marie's arms wrapped around my neck and she latched onto my body. She's such a momma's girl. I balanced Marie on my hip and talked to Esme. "How were they?" "Angels, like always. Alice came and picked up Grace and EJ a few minutes ago. EJ was covered in green paint. Alice was ready to spit nails when she saw him." "I can imagine. It's her fault that she dresses her children in designer clothing," I snickered. "That's Alice for you," Esme shrugged. "Is Edward dropping off the angels tomorrow?" "Yeah. He has a meeting at eight," I said. "Okay, monkeys. Let's go home! Nessie needs to go potty and I need to make dinner. Chicken tenders or tacos?" "Chicken tenders!" David yelled. "Tacos," Lizzie countered, glaring at her brother. "You're the deciding vote, Marie," I said. "Chicken tenders?" I asked holding up one finger. "Or tacos?" I questioned holding up two fingers. Marie responded with two fingers and buried her face in my shoulder. "Looks tacos, monkeys. We'll have chicken tenders tomorrow, David." He pouted and crossed his arms across his chest. "No sulking, young man or no piano time with Daddy." David's green eyes widened and he quickly stopped pouting. "Okay, go wash your hands and we're heading home, my artistic brood." "I'll give Edward the finger paintings tomorrow. They need to dry, Bella," Esme said as she kissed my cheek. "Thanks, Esme," I said as I followed my children to the foyer. "I love you." "Love you, sweet girl. Say good bye to Nana, babies," Esme said. David and Lizzie hugged Esme's legs. I was putting on Marie's jacket. Once she was covered, I handed her to Esme who covered her cheeks with kisses. Marie laughed silently and clutched her grandmother's neck, tightly. I helped my other children put on their jackets and we headed out to the car. Once they were safely strapped, I drove my babies home. I pulled up to my gorgeous home and we went into the kitchen. I opened up Nessie's crate and we took her outside to go potty. Nessie finished her business and sidled up to Marie, kissing her nose. Marie cuddled her puppy with such love; it brought tears to my eyes. After a half hour outside, the children came inside and I put on a DVD for them. I took out some ground beef and began sautéing the meat. I grabbed some rice and began preparing some Spanish rice and corn while the meet was cooking. I heard the garage door open and my face blushed. Edward's home. My gorgeous, intelligent, fuckhot, doctor of a husband. "Daddy!" Lizzie shrieked as she flew past me in a blur of bronze hair and pale skin. I heard a resounding crash and I groaned. My poor daughter inherited my clumsiness. A few moments later, a wail came from the laundry room. "Lizziebear, what did you do?" Edward asked kindly. I walked toward the laundry room and saw Lizzie on the floor, clutching her ankle. "My foot, Daddy," Lizzie sniffled. Edward scooped her up. He gave me a kiss as he strode past me, putting Lizzie on the island. He felt around her foot and had her do some simple tests. "Lizziebear, you just twisted it. Let's get you some ice. You are so much like your mother." "Hey, watch it, Dr. Masen," I snickered. "You can sleep on the couch, buddy." "And who would that be punishing? You or me?" Edward laughed. This is true. I do