Okay, kids…I'm going a different route this time. Romance AND humor. I like to think that I have a quick wit and good sense of humor, but does it translate to fiction? We'll have to see. Anyhoozle, none of this belongs to me. It belongs to that famous writer chick. Stephenie Meyer. I just love playing with Edward and Bella because their lives are SOOOOOOOOOO much more interesting than mine. So, here we go… A Nerd Story of Love Chapter One: Edward: A Brief History Chicago: Wheatlander Elementary School Fourth Grade: 1990 "Four eyes! Four eyes! You are a four eyes!" children taunted. "Ooooh, look behind the glasses. His eyes are freaky!" a short girl with pigtails pointed. "His shoes don't match!" "Freak!" "Loser!" "Nerd!" "Nerd! Nerd! Nerd!" they chanted. He groaned and curled up tighter in a ball. He felt tears begin to fall down his cheeks and he wanted to hide. Run away. Never see these hateful children again. Why do they tease me? He wondered. "Leave my TWIN alone you miserable brats," a forceful voice yelled. The cowering boy looked up and saw his pint-sized twin run up to the mass of huddled children. "What has he done to you? Stolen your lunch money? Given you a wedgie? WHAT?" "He looked at me funny. His eyes are weird," a burley boy said as he scowled. "And you're fat. Go away." The kids grumbled and began heading away from the twins. They resumed their play on the playground. The small girl turned to her brother. "Edward?" she whispered as she put her hand on his shoulder. He sobbed and pulled away. "Twin? What happened?" "Leave me alone, Alice," he groaned. "I just want to disappear." He looked up at his sister, gazing into her hazel eyes. Alice was so pretty compared to him. Tiny, like a doll. Long black hair and porcelain skin. She looked like an elf and moved like one too. It was amazing that she and Edward shared a womb. Edward wiped his nose with the back of his sleeve and got up. His tall, lanky frame was awkward for a fourth grader. He had his growth spurt early and that prompted more teasing. Alice watched her twin warily. His bronze hair sticking up in irregular tufts. His topaz eyes were filled with tears and red-rimmed behind his thick glasses. The only trait the two of them shared was their porcelain skin. "I don't want you to disappear, Older," Alice said as she linked her arm with her older brother. Older brother by three minutes. "I love you." "I love you, too, Younger," Edward grumbled. "Why do they tease me?" "Because they're assholes," Alice replied. "Alice. Mom'll kill you if she heard you say that," Edward hissed. "Admit it, it's true." "It is, but that doesn't mean you should say it. " "They tease what they don't understand. You're so smart, Edward. I mean calculus? We're nine." "I can't help it that I understand math and science," he shrugged. "That doesn't mean I don't have feelings." "And Edward, your shoes don't match," Alice giggled. "Get dressed without the glasses?" Edward scowled at his sister and began to stomp away. Alice latched onto his arm and pulled him back. "I'm sorry, Older. You are so serious." "Am not." "Are to." "Am not," Edward said as he arched a brow over his thick glasses. "When was the last time you ran around and acted silly?" "I've never run around and acted silly. I can't breathe when I run. Asthma," Edward said as he rolled his eyes. "I'd rather read or play on the computer." "Or play your stupid piano." "I'm good at it." "Edward, you act like you're 107 years old. We're NINE. When we get home, play with Emmett. Perhaps have him teach you how to throw a baseball," Alice suggested. Five hours, two bloody rags and one pair of broken glasses later, Edward was safely ensconced in his bedroom. Doped up on pain killers for his broken nose that his older brother, Emmett, had caused. Emmett did not like his younger brother. Too skinny. Too much a mama's boy. Too much of a pansy. He started his throws as soft gentle lobs. But he increasingly built up his strength and speed of his throws. Edward had a hard time with depth perception and didn't realize until too late that the ball that Emmett had thrown was so close to his face. He fell to the ground with a resounding thud and blood starting spurting out his nose. Esme, Edward and Emmett's mother, saw the whole event unfold. She screamed at Emmett to go to his room and cradled her unconscious son in her arms. When Edward came to, Esme took Edward to the emergency room to get his nose set. His topaz eyes were glazed over and he was already beginning to bruise. Suffice it to say, that was the last time Edward played catch. Chicago: Assembly Junior High School: Seventh Grade: 1993 "Cullen, you are so fucking skinny," James sneered as he tugged on Edward's towel wrapped around his waist. It was PE and all of the classes were required to shower. It was hateful that the teachers made them do that. Edward clung to his too small towel and glared at James. "What? Are you pissed?" "Leave me alone, Hunter," Edward said as his voice cracked. "Ha! Cullen is going through puberty as we speak! Let's see if he can get it up," James roared as he tugged forcefully on Edward's towel, exposing his naked, 7th grade body. Edward curled up and reached blindly for anything to cover himself. "Your bitch of a sister can't save you now!" James grabbed all of Edward clothes from his locker and darted out of the locker room. Edward blushed furiously and ran into one of the stalls in the bathroom, tears running down his face. Edward stayed in the stall until he saw the worn sneakers of his teacher, Mr. Clapp, stand outside the stall. "Mr. Cullen? You need to go to class," Mr. Clapp said sternly. "I can't, Coach," Edward said in a broken voice. "Why not?" "James Hunter took my clothes," Edward whispered. "Let me get you a towel, Cullen," Mr. Clapp said in exasperation. He swiped a towel and tossed it to Edward in the stall. Edward opened up the stall and looked at the tiled floor. "Do you know where he put your clothes?" "No." "We'll get a spare gym uniform." Edward wrinkled his nose. Those uniforms were rentals. Washed once a year. The thought of other boy's germs on his body made his sick to his stomach. Coach handed him a pile of black and gray. Edward pulled on the disgusting uniform and went back to his locker. His books were strewn all over the locker room and his new book that his mom got him. Einstein's Dreams was trampled and stuck in the sink. "Cullen!" "Yes, Coach?" "Come here," Mr. Clapp said. "Tell me what happened." Edward blew out a breath and recalled the entire sordid tale of James and his sick fascination with seeing Edward naked. Perhaps he liked boys as opposed to girls? Mr. Clapp's face grew redder and redder as Edward explained what happened. Halfway through the next period, Edward was excused and he went to his next class. After he stopped by the office and calling his mom for new clothes. After that fateful day in seventh grade, the administration never made the students shower after PE. James was expelled and Edward was excused from PE for the rest of the year. He took an extra computer class, instead. Chicago: Bradley High School: Senior Year: 1998 "Older! You were awarded to be Valedictorian! You get give a speech!" Alice screeched. "Alice, I hate speaking publicly," Edward said in his silken voice. His topaz eyes stared at his tiny sister. She bounced on her toes, making her cheerleading skirt bounce along with it. "They don't care what I have to say. I'm just the nerd they teased all through school." "Edward, you are not a nerd," Alice said as she put her hands on her hips. "Alice, half of my classes are college level courses. I could have graduated when I was a sophomore. I wear glasses and I play in the band. Epitome of nerd," Edward said as he waved his hand over his tousled hair. "If gave a speech, I'd probably get so nervous that I'd vomit on the podium." "Puke, Edward. You'd puke." "Vomit, Younger," Edward chastised. "I refuse to use the vernacular." "What the fuck are you talking about, Eddie?" Emmett boomed. He had grown and was nearly the size of the Sears Tower. His hazel eyes were glaring at his annoyingly smart younger brother. "Vernacular? Are you speaking in tongues?" "No, Emmett," Edward sighed. "I thought you weren't coming home for the summer. When did you come back?" "Late last night. I had to say goodbye to my girlfriends," Emmett said with a suggestive waggle of his brows. "All those hot college chicks. Besides, I wanted to be here for Little Bit's high school graduation." "Little Bit?" Alice squeaked. "I'm not that small." "Yes, you are Little Bit. I can fit you in my pocket," Emmett laughed. "It's my high school graduation, too," Edward said quietly. "I don't care about you," Emmett said. "You are…you are…not worth my time." "Emmett, be nice!" Alice admonished. "Edward is our brother and we should love him. I do." "You have to. You shared the damn womb with him. You have that freaky twin thing going on," Emmett said. "I only have to be somewhat civil around the parentals." "Excuse me," Edward said as he brushed past Emmett and Alice. He ran up the stairs and into his room, slamming the door shut. Tears fell down his cheeks. "I hate you, Emmett. One day… one day… you'll understand what it's like to be teased and hurt." His classmates he can handle. He could get through the day without crying now. He just focused his attention on his studies or his music. He took an overload of classes. The whole James debacle in seventh grade got him exempt from PE. He lived in the library or the band room. He played the oboe or the bassoon. He was bored one day and picked it up. He taught himself how to play and auditioned for the band. He got into Wind Symphony, the top band as a freshman, with no band experience. Edward still played the piano. When the choir room was open, he would be in there. However, his family. His BROTHER, he could not handle. When his brother would tease him, Edward would change into that scared little boy. The scared boy who needed his little sister to defend him. Edward wanted confidence. In certain aspects, he was confident. He could speak well and was extraordinarily polite. However, his classmates teased him about his respect for his teachers that he had. Edward scoffed at how his classmates treated them. His teachers were the saving grace of school. They managed to make Edward feel special. They challenged him with their class work. He was a diligent student. Earning straight A's. He also earned acceptance into MIT with a full ride scholarship. He dabbled in computers and built his own. Another thing he taught himself. Being a freaking genius has its bonuses. He wanted to major in computer technology and computer programming. Something he could do from the privacy of his own home. The program at MIT offered the opportunity and Edward was going to take it. Edward was also confident in his music. Classically trained in piano and self taught in bassoon, oboe, guitar and mandolin. Edward can also sing, but he'd rather not. Edward flipped the lock to his room and padded to his piano. He began playing Rachmaninoff. A perfect choice when you're not happy.