So, I started my journey into Fanfiction with my first story, La Cantante. I had never been driven to write until I read Twilight and saw the movies (and the beauty of Robert Pattinson ~ dayum, he's one yummy guy.) Writing that first story got me through the end of my marriage and the beginning of my new life as a single woman. Now, it's almost four years since I completed that story. I'm so sorry for the delay, but I did promise you a sequel. Here it is! I would, um, suggest that you read La Cantante so you are familiar with all of the characters and the premise. I'm in the process of rereading it so I can write this. Anyhow, here's a full summary … They met at Emerson University, fell in love and began their journey. Four years after the release of their first single, Edward and Bella Cullen are still going strong and happy with their lives. Breaking Midnight , the band that had brought them together is on top of the music charts, winning numerous accolades and awards. Nothing can stop them. Or so it would seem … Ghosts from their past rear their ugly heads and will it be too much for this couple? Will their fairy tale happily ever after crumble? Only time will tell, but one thing is steadfast... La Musica del Cuore (Music of the Heart) Chapter One: And the Grammy Goes To … EPOV It had been a huge night. I was sitting next to my wife of four, almost five years, gripping her hand as we were waiting for Bruno Mars to announce the winner of Song of the Year at the 2016 Grammy Awards. We'd already taken home Best Alternative Album, Best Alternative Song and Song of the Year for our sophomore album, Midnight Sun. It was a perfect mesh of Bella's lyrical soprano voice and my soulful, rough guitar playing. However, the song that was up for Song of the Year was the love ballad I'd written and performed for my wife, "La Musica del Cuore." I'd snuck it into the recording, with the help of Kellan and our record producer, Jared Silvermann. "And Song of the Year goes to," Bruno said, smiling widely at the camera as he opened the envelope, "La Musica del Cuore' by Breaking Midnight!" The crowd roared as I stood up, taking Bella's face into my hands. " Il Mio Cantante, beautiful," I whispered against her lips. "Hmmmm," she replied, nipping at my mouth. "You are in so much trouble, mister." "I can imagine," I snickered, threading my fingers with hers and walking onto the stage with Bella, Jasper, Emmett and our manager and long-time friend, Kellan Moore. I took the Grammy Award from Bruno, giving him a hug before turning to the microphone. Once the crowd's cheers had died down, I gave the camera a crooked grin. "Tonight has been a dream come true. We never believed that what started as a just a hobby, a decent college band, could turn into something like this. We'd like to thank our families for supporting us throughout the past four years during this whirlwind of performing, writing and touring. Thank you to Kellan, who has been our long-time manager, discovering us in the club near Emerson University. Also, to our family at Twilight Records, Adele, Jared and the Cliffhangers, who guided us through the first year of craziness. Finally, thank you to all of the fans. We wouldn't be standing up here without you and your support. Thank you so much!" I turned to my beautiful wife, wrapping my arms around her slender waist and kissed her like my life depended on it. She giggled against my mouth, her foot kicking up as I dipped her. Bruno led us off the stage and into the press conference. "Congratulations, guys," Bruno smiled, giving each of us a hug. "It was well-deserved. The album was amazing and the power behind your song, 'La Musica del Cuore' … wow! " "Thank you," Bella said, her arms around my waist. "It means so much to hear you say that." "I mean it. If you ever want to collaborate, give me a call," Bruno said, kissing Bella's cheek and shaking my hand. "Are you guys going to the after parties?" "Of course!" Emmett said, rubbing his hands together. "You know me! I love a party." "A little too much," Bella grumbled under her breath. I pinched her hip, giving her an understanding look. She shook her head and walked to the press conference. We stood around, getting our pictures taken and answering questions about our upcoming album and North American tour this coming summer. For the most part, the questions were respectful and related to our Grammy wins and music, but the last question was from one of those gossip rags. "Bella, is it true that you had an abortion because you got pregnant with Emmett's baby?" asked the snooty reporter. One of the security guards shot up and dragged the reporter out before Bella could say no comment, but the damage had been done. What was an amazing night was now ruined by the never ending lies being spewed about our personal lives. We were fiercely private and to hear such horrific lies being told upset all of us to no end. After that question, we left the press conference and stayed behind to take pictures with the other winners from the evening. Bella was quiet and was stewing. "Beautiful," I whispered against her hair. "I know you're upset, but you and I both know it's not true." "I know," she sighed. "It's just fucking bullshit. Number one, for me to sleep with my brother? Ewww! And number two, the fact that I'd have an abortion? Fuck. No. I mean, it's a woman's right to choose, but I'd never choose to do it. Besides, the only person I'd want to have babies with is you, Edward." "And I can't wait until we can have those babies, beautiful," I purred, wrapping my hand in her ponytail. "Once we're done with this tour, you and me, we're making babies." "Hmmm, I love the sound of that," she purred, her hands gliding up my navy blue tuxedo. "Perhaps, we can practice once we get home?" "Practice makes perfect," I growled, pulling her ponytail back so I could kiss her lips roughly. She gripped the lapels of my jacket, rolling her body against mine and making my already tight pants even more uncomfortable. Pulling away, I kissed her nose. "We better behave or there will be an authentic tabloid story of us fucking each other stupid on the stage where we won our Grammys." "It's not like we haven't done it before," she murmured seductively, taking my hand and guiding me out of the auditorium and to our waiting limo. Her not-so-subtle innuendo brought me back to when I took her on the piano on the stage of Brandon Hall at Emerson University. It was fucking hot as I pounded into her, feeling her tight pussy all around me. I wanted her. Right. Now. "Get your mind out of Lustyville, Edward," she giggled. "We're riding to the after parties with Jasper, Nia, Emmett, Kellan and Alice. You can't fuck me while there are five other people in the car." "Damn it," I grumbled, wrapping my arms around my wife's waist and attacking her neck. "Later? Can we fuck later?" "We can fuck as much as we want, once we get home, handsome," she purred, backing her ass against my crotch. "As you said, practice makes perfect." "And I do strive for perfection," I whispered, nipping at her ear. I couldn't believe my life. Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine that I would be married to the most amazing, sexy woman on the planet, having an award-winning band and touring the world with said band. The past four years had been a whirlwind of making music, touring, promoting and award shows, but so amazing. From the moment our first song was played on the radio, our lives had changed. For the most part, for the better. Bella and I were getting ready to celebrate our fifth wedding anniversary in August. Our marriage was one of mutual respect, love and a lot of raunchy sex. My quiet, demure girlfriend from five years ago was now a sex kitten and when she wanted me, she made it abundantly clear. Now, don't get me wrong, our relationship is not based on just sex. Our mutual love of music, the respect we had for one another and the adoration for each other was much more important our sex lives. We just like to make love. A lot. Don't be hating. If you had a wife as beautiful as mine, you'd be doing it as often as we do, too. Just saying. Where Bella and I were thriving in the spotlight, others were floundering. Alice and Jasper, they tried to make it work as a couple, but he never got over her betrayal about being pregnant and subsequently losing the baby. He never trusted her and when they were intimate – which I did not want to hear about since Alice was still my sister, but did anyway since Jasper came to me for advice – he couldn't let go. So, after trying, unsuccessfully, for a year, they decided to break up. They still are close friends, but their relationship couldn't survive the debacle that Alice put him through when she was diagnosed with being bipolar and secretly getting pregnant, then subsequently losing the baby. Alice is doing well, despite her demise of her relationship with Jasper. She's medicated and currently seeing a few guys casually. She's our costume designer for all of our performances and acts as Bella's and my personal assistant, coordinating our schedules. It's perfect for her type-A personality. She keeps us on the straight and narrow. She's close with Bella, thinking of her as her sister and I know that my wife feels the same. Jasper, on the other hand, is dating and considering marrying Kellan's little sister, Nia. They have been dating for a little over two years. They met at one of our shows in Eclipse. Kellan was always adamant on bringing us back to our roots to make sure we remembered how far we had come. Nia was doing a college visit at Emerson University and had backstage passes, courtesy of our manager and her older brother. Jasper and Nia hit it off and suffice it to say, the rest is history. Nia started shadowing Kellan and became a valued member of our Breaking Midnight family, acting as publicist, and maintaining our Facebook page, twitter feed, Instagram, and website. Originally, that had been Rose managing those aspects of our group, but she couldn't handle being out on the road and in the spotlight. While we were on our last tour, information about her rape was leaked out and the paparazzi attacked, making her life a living hell. She flew back to New York to spend time with her parents while we finished the tour, returning to California when we began work on our next album, Midnight Sun . However, she loved the quiet life and wanted it desperately. Emmett, on the other hand, loved being the center of attention and lived to party, much to our chagrin. Bella even believed that Emmett had cheated on Rose on several occasions, but it was never corroborated. Jasper, Bella and I had stayed true to our beliefs, but Emmett let fame go to his head. We were concerned and tried to get him to see reason, but he didn't think that he was doing anything wrong. His marriage was in jeopardy because of it and so was his future with Breaking Midnight, to be honest. Settling in the stretch Hummer, we drove to the Twilight after party at Hyde Sunset