Title: Return of the Nerds: Twentieth High School Reunion, An ANSOL Outtake Pen name: Tufano79 Fandom: Twilight Pairing/Characters: Edward/Bella Rating: MA Warnings: None Beta: Birdie17 Banner by (if applicable): Mina Rivera Summary: Twenty years ago, Edward Anthony Masen Cullen graduated from Bradley High School, valedictorian of his class. He vowed that he would never, ever return to that hateful, hellish school. His ten year high school reunion went by without so much as a peep. Now, his twentieth high school reunion is just around the corner and Isabella Marie Higginbotham Cullen wanted a night out on the town. Having twins six months prior and a total four children under the age of seven? She needed some time to bond with her husband and a full-night's sleep. Edward's high school reunion sounded like the perfect forum to do that. If only she could convince her husband that it was a good idea… Return of the Nerds: Twentieth High School Reunion An ANSOL Outtake Written for FGB4Christy…my prayers are with you, sweetie. None of this is mine, nor will it ever be. *Sad face* Thanks to Bridget for betaing and Mina for the banner! Hugs! Summary : Twenty years ago, Edward Anthony Masen Cullen graduated from Bradley High School, valedictorian of his class. He vowed that he would never, ever return to that hateful, hellish school. His ten year high school reunion went by without so much as a peep. Now, his twentieth high school reunion is just around the corner and Isabella Marie Higginbotham Cullen wanted a night out on the town. Having twins six months prior and a total four children under the age of seven? She needed some time to bond with her husband and a full-night's sleep. Edward's high school reunion sounded like the perfect forum to do that. If only she could convince her husband that it was a good idea… Return of the Nerds: Twentieth High School Reunion An ANSOL Outtake A baby's cry filled the darkened bedroom of Edward and Bella Cullen. Bella moaned, shifting further into the warm burrow of her blankets. She had just fallen asleep. "Edward, it's your turn," she griped. "I was just up with Owen," he replied, his voice muffled by his pillow. "I just housed two humans in my vagina, Edward. I also endured two months of bed rest and almost three days of labor with them. I haven't had more than a half-hour's worth of sleep since we've brought them home six months ago. Get your scrawny ass out of bed and see which one is fussing," Bella spat. She even went so far as kicking Edward in the rear, shoving him out of the bed and into a heap on the floor. He scowled at his wife's form, knowing that she was struggling with the twins, but Edward just as exhausted as she was. Mia and Masen were both extremely colicky and finicky. Mia would only calm with Bella, and Masen just screamed nonstop, nothing able to shut him up. Edward got up, tossing on a shirt and padding to the nursery. He prayed that it was Mia that was crying. He had a fighting chance of getting sleep with her. Masen, he was determined to suck the life out of both of his parents with his relentless crying. Peering into the cribs, he saw his youngest son screaming like a banshee, kicking his feet and twisting in his covers. "Shit," Edward groaned. Covering the sheets, Masen, and the bars of the crib was baby crap. It was smelly and Masen's twisting body was not helping the matter. "Come here, little man." Edward scooped up Masen, stripping him out of his onesie and diaper, and placed him on the changing table. His screams did not abate as Edward worked quickly to strip the bed and toss the sheets into the garbage can that they used for their diapers. The bedding was not salvageable, nor were Masen's clothes. Picking up Masen, Edward carried his squirming, screaming son to the bathroom to quickly hose him off before dressing him in a fresh diaper and clean onesie. "Masen, I love you, little man, but you've got to give Mommy and me a break," Edward sighed, washing the baby crap off of Masen's pink skin. "Dude, you got shit in your hair? What am I going to do with you?" Masen didn't respond. He just continued to wail. Edward gave Masen a full bath before he dried him off and dressed him a diaper. Carrying him back to the nursery, Edward sat down on the rocking chair that Bella used while she was breast feeding. He cradled Masen to his chest and hummed quietly, hoping that the resonance of his voice would calm his upset son. No dice. Edward rocked with Masen until the sun came up. Masen screamed all night until Bella came into the nursery. Bella fed him while Edward took care of Mia. Eventually, Masen quieted down, drunk off breast milk. He curled up with his sister in Mia's crib. Bella and Edward put fresh sheets on Masen's crib before Edward went to shower. He had to go into the office today in the city. There were meetings with several police squads, wanting the mini-recorder and a new invention, the mini-cam that could fit into a button. "I'm going to get showered and changed," Edward said wearily. "Where are you going?" Bella asked, her brow arching. "Meetings at Whitlock Technologies," he replied. "I thought that was tomorrow! We have doctor's appointments for all of the kids today. Mia and Masen are going to their allergist while Kyra is getting her shots for school and Owen has an eye appointment," Bella screeched. "Bella, I can't. I told you about this," Edward snapped. "Remember last night? At dinner? I asked if it was a big deal and you said no." "I thought you meant that it was tomorrow. Not today," she sobbed, tears streaking down her cheeks. "Edward, I can't go by myself. I'm…I'm…" Hysterically, she clung to her husband's t-shirt. She fell to her knees, bringing Edward with her. Edward was confused, but one thing was abundantly clear. He was not going into the office. "Deep breaths, gorgeous," Edward soothed, pulling Bella into his arms. They both were exhausted. Having twins in addition to the six-year-old Kyra and five-year-old Owen was draining on them. There were times when neither would sleep, and the arguments they had were epic over the most inane things. Even with help from Esme, Marcus, and the rest of their family, it was a struggle. Obviously, this was weighing on their marriage and now, obviously, on Bella's sanity. She was not working, only helping out with the Cullen Children's Foundation in her spare time. She spent her days with the children, day in and day out. Edward, for the most part, worked from home but on occasion went into the office in the city. The meeting today was important, but Edward's family always came first. "Let me make some calls, Bella. I'll go with you." "Kay," she sniffled, snuggling closer in Edward's lap. She calmed down, and Edward helped her into the rocking chair. With a kiss, Edward went into his home office and made a phone call to his best friend and business partner, Jasper Whitlock. "Douchenozzle!" Jasper guffawed. "You better be on your way. Today is big." "Actually, I'm in the middle of a home crisis," Edward grimaced. "I won't be able to make it in. Charlie and Matthew can handle the presentation…" "What? No! Edward, I need you, man! You're the expert on this shit. Charlie and Matthew are good at what they do, but explaining how the technology works? That's your forte!" Jasper growled. "Look, as much as I want to be there, Bella scheduled a ton of doctor's appointments for the kids today. She needs my help," Edward sighed. "If you can convince the police departments to wait, I can come tomorrow. Today, however, is not feasible. Additionally, I didn't sleep at all last night because of Masen's epic crap that soaked through his onesie and sheets and coated the crib. I'm shocked I didn't have to toss the mattress. You know how hard it's been since we had the twins." "They're six months old, Edward. They can't still be dealing with pukeic or whatever it's called," Jasper deadpanned. "They are and they aren't sleeping through the night yet," Edward said testily. "If you can convince the representatives to wait until tomorrow, then I'll be there for the presentation. If not, then you're on your own with Charlie and Matthew. Got it?" Jasper grumbled before hanging up the phone. Shaking his head, Edward went back into the nursery. Bella was nursing Mia while Masen, who tuckered himself out from his all-night sobfest, was snoozing in his sister's crib. "I'm good to go. Jasper's pissed at me, but whatever. Wait until he and Alice adopt another one. They'll understand our frustration. Adam was a freaking angel compared to all of our kids." "That's true," Bella snorted. "Why don't you shower and then get Owen and Kyra up? I'll get these guys ready." "Okay, gorgeous," Edward said, kissing Bella's forehead before darting into the bathroom. He showered, scouring his body. The smell of baby poop was inside of his nose and, subsequently, he felt like he was covered in it. While Edward was showering, Bella was finishing up with Mia and Masen, dressing them in coordinating outfits. Balancing both of her growing infants in her arms, she carried them into the kitchen, placing them in their high chairs with a handful of rice cereal. She flipped on the coffee machine and willed it to work faster. Despite Edward checking on the twins, she barely got any sleep as well. She felt guilty for how she treated her husband. He was a beautiful and amazing man. He didn't deserve her ire. Raising the twins, though, was so much more difficult than raising Owen and Kyra. Her two older children were close in age but were so easy going. Kyra barely cried and Owen had colic, but nowhere to the extent of Mia and Masen. Feeding him a special formula worked for him, whereas nothing helped with the twins. The coffee maker beeped and Bella poured herself a large cup, doctoring it the way she liked it. Chugging it down, she was on her second cup when Edward came down, dressed casually in a pair of jeans and a button-down shirt. His bronze hair was messed up and still damp. His eyes, though, were dark with exhaustion. I probably don't look much better, thought Bella. Kyra was bouncing behind her father, her reddish brown hair swaying in the high ponytail that she wore, slightly crooked from Edward's inexperienced hand. Owen was following more sedately, his nose buried in a book and his strawberry blonde hair a riotous mess atop his head. "Owen, what is growing on top of your skull?" Bella quipped. "Hair," he replied, flipping a page in his chapter book. He was in kindergarten and was reading at a third grade level. "I need to dampen it," Edward said, whipping out a comb from his back pocket. "I know full well the joys of bedhead." Bella nodded, handing Edward his mug of coffee. With a kiss to each of her children, she went upstairs to enjoy a few moments to herself. Sadly, that only came in the shower. Before kids, Edward would lavish her with loving and kisses and raunchy shower sex. Now? Bella was almost ashamed of her body. She couldn't get rid of that last ten pounds of baby weight. Her stomach was now flabby and floppy. Her breasts drooped and she just felt blah . Each time Edward tried to initiate making love, Bella would make up some excuse so he wouldn't have to see her disgusting body. Rose did give her a name of a plastic surgeon, but