Summary: Edward Cullen is the heir-apparent to the most infamous crime families in Chicago. He was notorious for his time with his enemies, his many dates and his ruthless skill in the board room, the front for the illicit dealings of the Cullen Crime Consortium. However, to take over the family, his father reminded him about the stipulation that Edward needed to be married. Edward hated that stipulation, but he agreed to it and he had less than a year to make it a reality. Isabella Swan is a struggling graduate student, working as a waitress in a local diner, The Swan Dive. On a chance meeting, Edward finds Bella to be enchanting and the perfect woman to marry. He makes an indecent proposal, suggesting marriage and paying for Bella's tuition, and then some. Will Bella accept his proposal, with the possibility of having her dreams come true, but married to a sexy, enigmatic rich businessman? Or will she figure out the truth, that her future-husband is Married to the Mob? Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M/NC-17 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended Married to the Mob Chapter One EPOV "Clean up on aisle six," I deadpanned, looking at the poor schmoe that I'd offed. His brains were scattered along the back wall of the dingy warehouse. I'd found out that he was trying to skim off some of the profits from numerous gun sales in the city and selling to kids. That's a no-no. Yes, I'm a part of the mob, but selling to kids was never a good thing. "Jas, you got this?" I asked. "I've got a crew on the way, boss," he said, smiling widely. Jasper was my right-hand man/bodyguard. Not that I needed one. I was the best shot in my family. "You were awesome, Edward. Mid-sentence and then, bam! He never saw it coming." "Yeah, well," I shrugged. "Make sure that this is cleaned up and I'll see you back at the office. I need to work off some aggressions. His revelations pissed me off." I said as I gestured to the mess on the floor. I stuffed my gun back into my holster, leaving the warehouse. I drove to one of my long-time fuck-buddies, Kate. I fucked her for an hour, losing myself in her tight pussy and her breathless moans. When I was done, I felt much calmer and could start my day. My legit business. Yeah, I lived a double life. By day, I was a businessman, a multi-millionaire, a real-estate mogul and venture capitalist. It was the cover for my less-than-stellar, highly illegal night job as the heir-apparent for the Cullen Crime Consortium. We dabbled in a lot of things, but our main focus was selling guns and drugs. My father, Carlisle Cullen, was the head of the family. He took over after his father, and my namesake, Edward Cullen, Sr., was killed by Aro Volturi, our arch nemesis. We took revenge, killing Aro. His moronic grandson, Marcus, took over and things had not been the same for the Volturi since. However, we kept a close eye on their dealings. Marcus tended to partner with people smarter than him. I stopped at my penthouse apartment, changing out of black clothing and showering. I put on a crisp grey suit, driving to Cullen Towers and riding up to my lavish penthouse office. Angela, my personal assistant, was waiting at the elevator. "Mr. Cullen, I'm so glad you're here." She handed me my coffee and walked with me. "We've had several offers on that large building on the near-north." "Any full-price offers?" I asked, tossing my briefcase onto the leather sofa. "No, sir," she said, wrinkling her nose. "The closest offer is almost two-hundred thousand dollars below asking price." "Let me see," I said, taking the files from her hands. I read them, scanning the offers. "Counter the most expensive offer, meet them halfway and reach out to them about their business plan for this club they want to offer. See if they want an investor. The idea sounds intriguing." "Yes, sir," she said, grinning. "You've got a ten o'clock meeting with a prospective client, wanting to sell their restaurant and relocate to a bigger, better location. Then, you have a late lunch with your father at one. He said you cannot cancel. It's imperative you meet with him. His words, exactly." "Fuck," I growled. "You have a strict nonfraternization policy, Mr. Cullen," Angela quipped. "And I'm married." "You're hysterical, Ang," I snorted. She smirked. "Anything after lunch with dear old dad?" "A couple of showings, but I can reassign them to one of your junior associates," Angela nodded. "Do that, Angela. You know how I get after I meet with Daddy dearest," I sighed. "Thanks." She gave me a curt smile, darting out of the office and I loaded up my laptop. I looked over several business plans, seeing if any of them had merit for me to provide capital as an investor. Shortly before ten, my clients came and I met with them. We discussed selling their current restaurant and purchasing a larger space to expand their business to include catering. They already had an offer on a building, but needed help selling their current location. I took them on as clients, sending them to the restaurant with my younger brother, Emmett. "Edward, don't forget your lunch with your father," Angela called over the intercom. "It's nearly one." "Thanks, Angela," I said, grabbing my cell phone. I rode down to the basement, hopping into the limousine that was waiting for me. Inside the limo, sat my father. "Hello, Carlisle." "Edward," he said, arching a brow. We kissed cheeks, settling into the leather seats. "I see that Angela got you to meet with me. You should give that girl a raise." "I pay her more than enough, Carlisle," I said. "Now, what is so important that you have to schedule time with my personal assistant?" "Let's get to the restaurant. I've rented out Alinea so we could speak in private," Carlisle said, smirking. I huffed out a breath, scowling like a sullen teenager, not the thirty-five-year-old man I was. Arriving at the restaurant, we were led into a private dining room. We didn't order. My father must have already ordered for us. Once we sat down, a bottle of wine was delivered along with the first course. "Your mother wanted to come, but she was planning some charity event. Besides, I thought it would be best if we spoke privately." "What's this about, Dad?" I asked, sipping my wine. "To be blunt, I want to retire," Carlisle said. "I'm not as young as I used to be. I'm exhausted of looking over my shoulder and I'm ready to pass on the reins to you. But, your great-grandfather said the leader of our family needed to be married. How is that going?" "Marriage? It's not," I snorted. "Dad, the last girlfriend I had was Maggie when I was in high school. And that wasn't even that serious." "Edward, you are the strongest man I know, but I have to abide by the rules," Carlisle said. "I want to retire within a year. If you're not married by that time, Emmett will become the leader of the family, despite him being younger than you. He's married to Rosalie." "Rosalie is a bitch," I growled. "Their marriage isn't a happy one." "It doesn't have to be. All that matters is that our family line is protected. You being married would ensure the possibility of you having a child, Edward. We can't have the Cullen line die with you," Carlisle said. "And it doesn't have to be a happy marriage. You just have to be married." "This isn't the Victorian era where marriages are arranged. People can be happy without having someone else attached to them," I snarled. "I'm happy with my life. I don't want to be married." "I want you to lead this family, Edward Anthony. I named you after my father, a strong, good man. You were destined to lead us into a new era. The men look up to you, respect you," Carlisle said. "Though, I don't see how. You're disrespectful to your elders. I am, for now, the boss of this family and your father. I should be followed, not snarled at, you insolent brat." "My apologies," I said, glowering at my wine. "I just don't see why being married is such a big deal. I could knock some woman up and you'd get your heir. Problem fucking solved." "That child wouldn't bear your name. It would be a bastard," Carlisle scoffed. "An illegitimate child. My half-brother, Stephan, who is older than me, never had a chance of being the leader of this family because of Papa's indiscretion. I don't want the same mistake to happen to you." He tucked into his salad. "One year, Edward." "Just to be married?" I asked. "I don't have to have a baby or anything?" "Just married," he replied. "And you can't choose any of the Denali sisters. They're too closely related to the Volturi." "They're good in bed, but not for marriage," I shuddered. "I have better taste than that." I sullenly poked at my salad while Dad prattled on about the latest shipment of guns and ammo that were delivered from Russia, from his contact in the Russian Bratva. Then, he moved on to the charity event that my mother, Esme, was hosting for some politician. Our money was so entrenched in the corruption in Chicago that the police ignored our wrong-doings. We were fine upstanding citizens in their eyes, but the men in the Cullen family were anything but. We were ruthless, cold-blooded killers. I had killed at least twenty men – all of them monsters, thieves and thugs – in my twenty years being an active member of the family. I had called for more than a hundred hits on other men who threatened my family. My father? Easily four times of what I had done, if not more. He'd personally taken it upon himself to assassinate Aro with his father's own gun, making him suffer. Carlisle wasn't only a killer, he was sadistic and cruel. But, never to his family. Well, maybe to his brother, Stephan. He was a douche. He was extremely bitter that he was passed over as leader of the family due to the whole illegitimate kid thing. None of us trusted him, but you know the old adage? Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer? Stephan fell into the enemy category. "Edward, did you hear anything I said?" Carlisle asked, snapping in my face. "You space out and you're dead." "Sorry. You drop this bombshell that I need to be married in a year. I've got a lot on my mind," I hissed. Carlisle pursed his lips, glaring at me. "It's true!" "Regardless, you need to keep your head and mind sharp, Edward. I want you to lead this family. You're strong, level-headed and exactly what we need for this family. Emmett, I love him, but he's in no shape to head up this family. He's not as cunning as you. He's too soft," Carlisle murmured. I bit back a retort. Emmett was softer than me. He was molded into a respectable businessman. He could shoot a gun, kill a traitor, but he would be sick for days afterward. "I get it, Dad." "I know you do," he sighed. "Look, you've got one year and then I'll be passing along the reins to either you or your brother. I'd rather it be you because you have the stomach for this life." He held up his hand, gesturing for the waitress, asking for the check. "As I was saying while you were spacing out, your mother expects you to be at this charity event. It's two weeks from tomorrow. Black tie and bring a respectable date. Kate's too stupid.