Okay, so here it is. The sequel for A Nerd Story of Love. I don't own any of this. The only thing I do own is the plot to the story and a very cool 'Geekward' mug. I'm planning on keeping the story lighthearted as can be, but there will be angsty moments. I will post warnings in the author's notes at the beginning of the chapters for fair warning. So, without further ado, here is… The Geek's Guide To Parenthood Chapter One: Baby Cullen EPOV "Edward?" Bella called. "Can you bring me up some ice cream?" "What flavor, gorgeous?" I replied. "Chunky Monkey," she chirped. "And some pickles, too." I grimaced but gathered the requested items for my pregnant and horny wife. I put the ice cream into a bowl and some pickles onto a plate. I jogged up the stairs and found Bella sitting on our bed, wearing one of my t-shirts and a pair of panties. Her baby belly was jutting out in front of her and I bit back a moan. We just had wild monkey sex. Well, as wild and monkey as the sex can be when your wife is six months pregnant. Down boy! "Your request, madam," I said as put the bowls into her eager hands. Then she dipped the pickle into the ice cream. There goes my boner… "Thank you, baby," she said with her mouth full. "That's thoroughly repulsive, Bella," I snickered. "No, it's not," she said. "I'm hoping if I eat something gross enough, Squirt will be ornery enough to show us what's underneath his or her skirt. I want to know what color to paint the nursery." "No, what color I'M going to paint the nursery," I said. "There is no way in hell you're going up on a ladder. You have a hard enough time walking without the belly." "True. I'll just watch you paint. With your shirt off. So you can show off your new muscles, stud," she giggled. "You ready for another round?" "Bella…no. Just, no," I said. "My poor cock is fucking raw. Besides, we need to be at the doctor's office in an hour and half. Eat your crap and we'll go. I need to have some meat or something so I can get the smell of pickles dipped in Chunky Monkey out of my nostrils. That's foul, love. And wrong." "It's good," Bella said, arching her brow. "Keep telling yourself that, gorgeous," I said dryly. "When we have Squirt, I'm going to make you a dish of Chunky Monkey with a side of pickles and you will see the grossness that is that. " Bella growled and tossed a pickle at me. I, surprisingly, caught it with my mouth before I left. I went downstairs to make myself some lunch before changing for Bella's doctor's appointment. As I ate my sandwich, I smiled at how much my life had changed in the year since I've met Bella. The love of my life. Who would have thought that chatting in a music forum would have led me to where I am today? And it all started so innocently. We chatted online for a half hour and she emailed me this gorgeous picture. I replied with my own photo and we quickly became friend through emails, phone calls and video conferences. Our first date was on Phoenix and I knew as soon as I saw and felt her that I was in love. She felt so right in my arms. Bella was the perfect woman for me and I was so blessed to have the love of my existence be all of my firsts. First relationship. First kiss. First love. First and only person to make love to. Now, my best friend and husband of my sister, called me a fucking moron for not 'sowing my wild oats.' I refused to be in a relationship or pursue something physical with anybody that I had zero feelings for. Making love is not something to be taken lightly. Was I horny? Yes. But I am more of a gentleman than that. Hell, I hadn't even masturbated before I met Bella. I never saw the point. But once I did, I was quite needy in that regard. I felt like a sex-crazed teenager. I never took so many showers in my life. The first time I jerked off, it was in my bed. And I forgot about the 'aftermath.' I wrinkled my nose as I cleaned my spooge of my belly. The shower quickly became my jack off location of choice. It felt so right with her. Every step that we took was not rushed or forced. Our first kiss was in the botanic gardens in Phoenix after Bella called me her boyfriend. My heart soared when I heard that. I needed to…wanted to kiss her. I wanted to feel her lips against mine and I did. The kiss was sweet and chaste. Her taste was indescribable. She was so sweet and soft and so Bella. When our lips touched, I felt a million butterflies assault my stomach and I wanted to run away with her. Be with her in every way. However, she was better than that. She needed the romance. The love. The affection and I would gladly give it to her. Bella was more versed in relationships than I was. However, her only long-term relationship prior to me was this asshat named Jacob. He didn't treat her like a queen. She was just a 'sexual object' to him. On his mind was sex, fucking, sex, sex, fucking and more sex. He was a mongoloid. Bella wanted to experience culture and beauty. Jacob didn't. Their demise was met when she asked him to take her to the Monet exhibit at the Phoenix art museum. He refused and she dumped his sorry ass. He disappeared for awhile but reemerged when Bella and I met up with Rose, Bella's best friend, and her boytoy. Gary? Gumbo? Goofus? Hell, I don't remember his name, but whatever. Jacob got incredibly jealous while Bella and I were dancing. He tried to convince her to go back with him but he was hurting her. I saw red. For the first time in my thirty-one years, I fought someone. I broke his nose, I think. He was completely hammered so that helped my cause as Jacob could have easily killed me. He did bruise my jaw, but I'd do it again to protect her. That was the first night I spent with Bella in my arms. I knew then that I wanted to wake up with her for the rest of my life. But on the second date, that was a little too much. We also had a long way to go with our relationship. Each step was taken together and I couldn't be happier about it. We learned about each other. About our likes and dislikes. About our bodies. About our love. Bella was patient about our physical relationship. She was more experienced but only slightly. We were each other's firsts and that made me so happy. I think it made Bella happy too. She held the same beliefs about sex and love that I did. That's what made us click. Not everyone can say that they are married to their best friend, but I am lucky that I am. "Edward? You ready?" Bella asked. Her hair was down and curled around her face. Her makeup was simple and pretty. She was wearing a purple dress with a jean jacket on top. "You looked like you were lost in thought." "Just remembering how far we've come in a year, love," I smiled. "Can you believe it? A year?" she said, her brown eyes glazing over in tears. "Why are you crying?" I asked as I walked over to her, cradling her face. I leaned down and kissed her soft lips. "No crying. It's a good thing. You haven't threatened to kick my ass." "Hormones, Edward. I'm an emotional mess because of the influx of hormones flowing through my system. I cry at the damn puppy commercial," she snorted. "Which one?" "All of them," she said, rolling her eyes. "Come on, angel. Let's go to the doctor's. Who's coming with us?" "Johnny is," I said. I grimaced at the fact that we still needed our body guards. While on the surface, it appeared that we had a fairy tale marriage and relationship, things were not all happy and perfect. My brother, Emmett, was on trial for a litany of charges ranging from assault to drug dealing to embezzlement. His trial had begun in the beginning of January and I was called to testify against him. We had to cut our honeymoon short because of the damn trial. Anyhow, after I testified, my father followed me. Which surprised me to no end? Emmett was my father's, Carlisle's, golden boy. Apparently he had had enough and agreed to testify. The prosecution had finished their questioning and Emmett, who was representing himself, requested a recess until the following day. It was granted. Carlisle was beaten to death that night. Emmett had done it. And admitted it. In Carlisle's chest. EMC did this. And I'm proud. I hired the security firm the next day. We had three body guards. Initially. Ricky was assigned to me. Johnny was assigned to Bella. Kevin was a swing person but he went missing in late March. My thought was that he was found by Emmett and killed. Wouldn't put it past him. I also began working with Ricky on self defense tactics. I was granted a concealed weapon registration. I hated the thought of having a gun in my possession. However, I kept one in my nightstand. One in my desk drawer at Whitlock Technologies and a third in my glove compartment. I also got Lasik to improve my vision. I didn't like the fact that I couldn't see the target when I trained with Charlie, Bella's birth father and the detective assigned to Emmett's case. Once my eyes had settled down, I was actually a really good shot. Charlie actually said I was better than most officers he worked with. I needed to be. I needed to protect my wife. My child. My family. Bella was also granted a FOID card as well. She could handle a revolver but nothing else. Any other gun provided too much kick back for her tiny arms. Her shooting style was not as sure as mine, but she could defend herself. I just prayed that she never had to. But Emmett was out there. Hiding. Waiting. Calculating. He was going to come back and until he does, Ricky and Johnny are permanent fixtures in my household. We set up a wing of the house for their use. It was originally the spare room above the garage. It was unfinished but we managed to create a small apartment in there. It had all of the security cameras there in addition to two bedrooms, bathroom and kitchenette. Ricky usually went home at the end of the day. He was married and wanted to go home to his wife. Johnny stayed in the apartment. He was divorced and had no other home to get to. "Mr. Edward? Miss Bella?" Johnny asked. "We're here." "Oh, right," I said. I hopped out of the car and helped my wife out of the superbeast. We walked into the medical building on the campus of Northwestern Memorial Hospital. "Edward, you are totally out of it today. Did my lunch of pickles and ice cream wreak havoc on your brain?" Bella giggled. "No, Isabella," I said as I wrapped my arm around her waist. "Just reminiscing." "What are you? 109?" Bella snorted. I arched my brow and glared at my wife. She put her hands on hips and mimicked my stance. "Don't look at me in the tone of voice, Mrs. Cullen," I said as I brushed a wayward hair off her