The little monsters weren't under my bed, or even inside my head...no I was the monster of all monsters. They forced me into an arena of death and sadly I came out on top. Growing up in District Seven wasn't a walk in the park, every day your will to live was challenged endlessly if you faltered for even a moment District Seven would chew you up and spit you out. I learned every lesson in life the hard way; by age eight I was working alongside my father in the lush forest that surround our home. By age thirteen I was a master at plant identification and finally by the time I was fifteen I had mastered the axe. Also the art of climbing and cutting down trees is among my list of skills. On my sixteenth birthday my father died in a logging accident, when a redwood crushed him. After that incident I shut down emotionally and became a shell of my former self. Then I volunteered for the Games. (Flashback) " Kai! Stop it!" I laugh as he tries stepping on the back of my boots. Kai completely ignores my protests by making another attempt at my boots. I take off in a slight run laughing with my books held tightly to my chest, attempting to get far enough away so that he can't reach me. Knowing he would come after me I start to dodge between trees. At one point he gets close enough to see which trees I weaved through. I dodge a big spruce and run around it so I end up behind Kai. If I hadn't laughed we probably would have gone all the way home like that. Kai whips around stopping dead in his tracks, I hardly had enough time to stop. We end up nose to nose, staring into each other's eyes, his brilliant blue-green ones meeting my stormy blue-greys. Kai and I had decided to take the long way home and go through the Pine Woods instead of the old boring dirt road. We had our last class of the required semester and we wanted to celebrate and have some fun before returning to work. " What are you looking at?" Kai asks playfully " Well not much." I say with fake sarcasm. A smile crosses his face and I return it. In that moment we are just two kids fooling around in the woods, in the next few weeks to come we would be rejoining our father's in the forest in the same area cutting down trees and prepping them to go off to the mill. Kai and I have been best friends since we had learned to count. There are some tree swings by the schoolhouse and that day and I had really wanted to swing on but had no one to push me. He had been the only there so I simply just went up to him and asked if he would push me. At first he shied away and told me he didn't like strangers so I introduced myself and told him that we were neighbors and not strangers. He finally gave in and pushed me on the swings. We spent all day pushing each other and chatting as five-year-old children do. When our fathers came looking for us they walked back with us and I said good night. Every day after that we would meet up at the swings and talk until it was time to go home. Kai understood me, unlike anyone else. He knew when I needed to laugh, or needed a hug. He would also make sure I got my homework done, and that I understood everything. Kai was my saving grace and always had been. I just never realized just how much I really did need him. As we walked out of the forest and into the town, something felt off. I couldn't place it and there were too many people out. " Why aren't these people at work?" I whisper to Kai. He just shrugged his shoulders and listened to the random bits of conversation as we walked trying to piece it all together. We finally made our way to our houses and as our routine I followed Kai into his house. " Mom! I'm home!" Kai shouts. " Kai is Cassia with you?" She asks " Yeah, Mrs. Mayberry I'm right here." I say brightly " Kai will you walk Cassia to her house her mother was looking for her. It seemed urgent." Kai's mom explains " Yeah, come on Cass." Kai says ushering me out " I wonder what she needs me for." I think aloud. Kai just shrugged his shoulder, he knew just as little as I did. It took only 20 seconds to walk over to my house and get through the door. " Mom? Where are you? Mrs. Mayberry said you were looking for me." I yell out A man who I recognized as one of my father's friends appeared from the kitchen. His face was sullen and creased with sadness. " Ahh, do you know where my mom is?" I ask him " Cassia you need to come with me." He says quietly " Why? Where are my mom and dad?" I ask as a panicked feeling set over me. " Please just come to the living room." He says motioning for me to come. I followed his directions cautiously, and walked into the room. Kai followed me just out of habit. We find my mom and my younger sister Calla sobbing in Mr. Mayberry's arms. " Dad?" Kai asks with genuine surprise. " Mom?" My voice wavered " I'm so sorry Cassie." She sobbing loudly " Will someone tell me what's going on!?" I ask getting annoyed. " There was an accident. In the Redwoods…" My father's friend began from behind me " No…no…no please." I say turning around. " Your father couldn't get out from under it soon enough. It crushed him." The man says The air disappeared from my chest, and I dropped to my knees. " I'm so sorry. If I hadn't seen it myself I wouldn't be able to say it was him. The body was unrecognizable. " No, no, no…no! NO! Oh God. No!" I scream out falling to my knees. Kai falls next to me wrapping me in his arms. I bury my face in the crook of his neck, he holds me as I scream and sob. I faintly remember myself repeating, "No…no…no please." I don't know how long we sat there in the same spot not moving. Eventually I remembered falling into a fitful sleep and having Kai carry me to my bed. " Don't leave me please. Please don't leave me." I say grabbing onto Kai's shirt " I'm not going anywhere. I'll be here when you wake up. I promise." He says I don't have the energy to respond, and I fall back into the blackness. I don't know how long I slept for, but it was dark when I woke up. Instantly remembering everything I let out a whimper. " Shh, I'm right here Cass." Kai says I wrap myself around him burying my face into his chest and begin silent crying. He whispers comforting things into my hair, and he eventually rocks me back to sleep. The next time I awake a scream ripped its way out of my throat, and I begin violently shaking. " He's dead. Kai he's dead!" I scream out in emotional pain. My heart feels as if it has been through the shredder and then ripped even further. My chest feels as if there is a hole where my heart belonged. The edges were jagged and raw. I felt like if I didn't physically hold myself together I would fall apart. I wrapped my arms around myself doing my best to keep myself together; I curled in on myself and just whimpered as the tears fell down my face. " It's going to be okay Cass. I'll take care of you I promise." Kai says wrapping my up from behind. I stayed like that for the next two days. I would fall into a fitful sleep only to wake up screaming, trying to hold myself together. Then Kai would come and promise me things as I cried myself back to a fitful sleep only to wake up screaming again. After the second day my mother had enough of it. " Get out of bed." She demands. I didn't move, I couldn't. " Cassia, get up and get yourself together. I know this will be hard but get up." I started to get angry and I could almost feel it vibrating my body. " Come on. You need to get up." She repeats That did it. " How can you even say that!? How are you not grieving!? Your husband, my father is dead!" I scream at her whipping up into a sitting position. " I know Cassie, I know your hurting but you need to move on." She says as plain as could be " MOVE ON!? How can I move on!? Dad is dead! You want me to move on!" I scream " Yes, he wouldn't want us to live like this." She says plainly " You never loved him did you? You never loved him! If you loved him you wouldn't be able to stand right now! How dare you!" I scream at her Her face reddened and before I could see what she was doing her hand came a crossed my face in a hard, powerful slap. " Don't you ever say things like that again! I loved your father very much! I know that he wouldn't have wanted us to live like this." She says coldly " No, no you don't know." I say holding my cheek, tears gushing down my cheeks. " Get up. Now." My mother demands. I just lay back down curling up and wrapping my arms around me. She let out a huff and left. Kai comes in a few minutes later. " I'm sorry. Don't be mad. I have to do this okay?" He says sadly He picks me up, and out of instinct I wrap my legs around him. I realize that he's taking me downstairs. I protest half-heartedly. He sits down on the couch, and pulls my legs to one side of him, as I hide under his chin. " Cassia, I made you some soup." My mother says offering the bowl to me. When I don't take it, Kai takes it and she leaves. " Come on. You need to eat. It's been two days Cass." He pleads. I shake my head. " Come on. It's your mom's broccoli and cheese soup. How can you turn that down?" He says in fake disbelief. " Come on just a few bites, for me." He says when I don't respond. When I still don't respond, he physically sits me up and raises a spoonful to my mouth. " Just a couple. I promise." He says encouraging me. I look at him and he smiles. I decided that maybe he will leave me alone if I take a bite. So I take the bite of soup, it taste like nothing but the heat is inviting. " Thank you. Just few more." Kai says brightly. He feeds me a few more bites, but I start feeling sick, and the pain is making itself known again. I had forgotten for a few minutes, when it began to be too much I buried myself back into Kai. " Okay, good enough for now. Thank you." He whispers as the tears return. A week later I walk down the stairs and curl up on the couch with a blanket. I have a sweater, long pants, and socks on and I'm freezing. Always freezing. I begin to fall asleep when I hear my mom's voice. " I don't know what to do