Author's Note: I watched Harry Potter and The Order of The Phoenix the other night and had the urge to write this afterwards. It's just a quick one, I'm not sure if it's going to be a multi-chaptered story yet or if it's just going to be a one-shot. Enjoy and please remember to leave a review if you like it :) IMPORTANT : This is going to be a Sirius x Remus x Hermione fic. It's frustrating that I have to specifically say this but if you don't like that pairing or you don't particularly like where the story is going can I politely ask that you do not continue reading. If you do carry on reading please know that reviews telling me how much you dislike the pairing etc aren't constructive, they're just soul destroying and i'm a sensitive little bean sometimes :( The house was silent for the most part, only the odd creak and groan of the structure could be heard. Harry was asleep in his room, having been there for the past month since the Battle of Hogwarts - both Ginny and Molly by his side most of the time. Everyone had lost someone in the battle, too many hearts had been shattered and too many people had been lost. Hermione had been trying to distract herself for the most part, trying to get back to full health whilst looking after Teddy. Molly had taken him for the day though, needing to get out of the house for a while so now Hermione was lost. Wandering the halls of Grimmauld Place she felt lost and misplaced, wanting nothing more than to return home to her parents but they didn't even know who she was anymore - she scolded herself though, knowing she was lucky that they were even alive still. Trailing her fingers along the dado rail she collected the dust on her fingertips, rubbing it between her fingers, lost in her thoughts and memories. The creek of a floorboard behind her made her gasp, she turned quickly and withdrew her wand but there was no one there. Then she saw it, at the end of the hall a spiralling staircase that she hadn't noticed before. Hermione kept her wand drawn, edging forward, her nerves shattered. She knew that she should walk away but the curiosity was getting the better of her and before she knew what she was doing she was tentatively taking each stair at a time, wondering briefly if she should let Ginny know where she was going. She didn't want to interrupt her and risk waking Harry up though, sleep was hard to come by nowadays. Reaching a door at the top she twisted the handle, pushing it open with her bare foot, her heart racing. The door swung open with a creek and Hermione held her breath in anticipation. She raised her eyebrows in surprise as she looked at the room before her, a thick layer of dust covering everything in sight. She stepped forward, leaving a footprint in the dust, wand still raised from habit. Curiosity was growing so strongly in her, fingers inching to uncover what was in the many chests and trunks before her. It was as if she had somehow stumbled across the Black's attic but she knew that couldn't be true, she was nowhere near the top floor of the house and besides, she'd been in the attic before when looking for Horcruxes with Harry and Ron. Glancing behind her the door still remained open, giving her comfort in the fact that her escape route still remained open in case things did turn sour. She went over to a chest of drawers, opening it to find it full of luxurious velvet photo albums, all engraved with the black name and the year the photographs were taken. Hermione picked one at random, hesitating before opening it. Each of the photographs danced before her, capturing fragments of time within them. Hermione didn't recognise any of people within the photographs but knew that this must've been at least some of the family that Sirius had grown up around. She returned the photo album to the drawer before moving to one of the trunks. Her guard had dropped slightly as she pulled the lid open, coughing slightly at the dust that she had disturbed. Her curiosity was increased as she looked at the many trinkets before her. Dropping to her knees she knelt in the dust, tucking her wand up her sleeve before reaching in and taking a glistening silver ball in her hands. Hermione inspected each object with intense interest, her mind being the most at ease that it had in months. The pile beside her grew as she pulled one out, inspected it, placed it beside her, and then started the cycle again. As she grew closer to the bottom of the trunk she noticed a small marble like stone in the corner. It sparked her interest and she didn't hesitate in reaching for it. She palmed it in her hand, it was as smooth as a pebble, as bright as a diamond and as big as a marble. It didn't seem to possess magical qualities at all. Hermione brought her wand to it, uttering a revealing charm but nothing happened. Frowning she tucked away her wand again, about to put the stone back into the chest when an electric current surged through her entire body. Hermione's body went rigid, her mouth opening in shock whilst her eyes stared ahead unfocusing. Hermione awoke feeling groggy. She was slumped over on the dusty floor of the Second Attic. She wasn't quite sure how long she had been there or what exactly had happened; her memory was jumbled. Her body was stiff as she pushed herself up, groaning as her neck cricked. Objects still laid scattered around her and she was about to start piling them back into the trunk when she stopped, hand outreached, someone was whistling in the house. It sounded wrong and out of place. Hermione's blood ran cold, she hadn't heard anyone whistling in months in Grimmauld Place. Drawing her wand she immediately flew into defensive mode. Her bare feet let her pad down the spiral staircase without a sound, her senses on fire, listening for the tiniest of sounds to indicate where the intruder was. Hermione had had enough of people destroying everything she loved, she had been pushed too far. Her body still ached but she walked ahead, her heart hammering in her chest. Following the sound she realised as she drew closer that the intruder was in Sirius' room. That was the final straw. She rounded the corner into Sirius' open doorway, a spell halfway from her lips before she fell short, mouth opening aghast. Sirius stood there, looking just as surprised as she did. Then it hit her, it was a trick! It couldn't be him, Sirius died in the Ministry. The imposter was caught completely unaware, standing half naked, a towel wrapped around his waist with no wand in sight. Hermione had the upper hand and she was thankful for it after her falter. "Hermione? Why aren't you at school?" Sirius was confused, frowning at the witch, wondering what the hell she was doing. "Who are you?" She yelled, anger fizzing in her, "Tell me the truth or I swear I'll kill you." She hissed, storming towards Sirius, missing the genuine look of confusion on his face. "What's gotten into you? It's me, Padfoot," he held his hands up defensively. "I'm not armed." "Who are you?" She repeated, furious, "you picked the wrong order member to impersonate asshole." She looked like a mad woman. "Kitten-" "Don't you dare call me that!" "Hey, hey, calm down," She could see him thinking and she was ready for whatever he hit at her, "if I wasn't me, I wouldn't be able to become Padfoot," Her eyes softened at that, Sirius nodded at her, "step back and I'll show you." His voice was calm and even, his hands up to show he wasn't going to harm her. "Nothing funny, honest." Hermione hesitated before taking a step back, her wand and eyes trained on the man before her. Sure as damnit Sirius transformed then and there, padding over to her and nudging her hand. Hermione to touched his fur, her heart swelling and confusion eating at her as she did. Sirius transformed back immediately, grabbing his towel and securing it around his waist again, all the while Hermione's eyes welled up as she looked at the man living and breathing before her. "Is that enough proof Kitten?" Sirius uttered and Hermione didn't wait another moment before rushing forward and wrapping her arms around the man. "Oh Sirius, Sirius," She uttered, a full on sob escaping her as she clung to him. He returned her embrace, aware that something was different about her but he couldn't quite place his finger on it yet. "Are you going to tell me what's going on?" He asked softly making Hermione pull away, studying his face. "Well I do think I'm going mad to be honest," She whispered, a month's worth of tears threatening to fall now that she had started. "You're not the Hermione I know, are you?" Sirius uttered, looking into her eyes, taking a step back and before looking at her fully, "you're older…" Hermione stayed silent, confused of how this could have happened. "I… I don't know what happened." "Did you use a time turner?" "No… what year is it?" "1996." Hermione felt like she was going to pass out, stumbling back until she found the edge of Sirius' bed and sitting. The year he dies. She thought to herself, willing back the tears as she looked at him before her. "What year did you come from?" "1998." Sirius paused at that, his mind flicking to the fact that she may be able to tell him where Voldemort was in that time. "Right, I'm going to get dressed and then we're going to talk more okay?" "Okay," Hermione uttered softly, clawing her hands through her hair. "Do you want to go wait for me in the kitchen? I won't be long." "I'd rather stay with you," she uttered, looking at him with eyes that broke his heart. She didn't want to leave the room and he be gone again, she couldn't risk it. "Okay, okay, turn around." Hermione nodded, turning her back on him. She was getting lost in her thoughts as she heard him moving around behind her, suddenly feeling guilty that it was she here and not Harry. Sirius had made them both tea, even using Hermione's old mug which was now in pieces after Ron had lost his temper a week or so earlier. They sat in Sirius' room, Hermione insisting on it, feeling comforted by the room that was so lived in again. Nestled on the sofa she cupped her mug in her hand, making small talk with Harry's Godfather, not meeting his eyes the majority of the time. "Hermione, can I ask you something?" She merely nodded her head, sipping her tea. "I die, don't I?" She stilled, not wanting to confirm anything - she wasn't sure if this sort of time travel held the same consequences as the Time Turner. Hermione met his eyes and it turned out she didn't need to say anything at all, her watery eyes being enough confirmation. He inhaled sharply. "Well," He breathed, "I suppose we all die at some point don't we," he smiled sadly at Hermione. "Sirius-" "It's okay pet, I won't ask details. We need to figure out what sent you back anyway, that's way more important right now." "Okay," she uttered softly. "So first things first Kitten, where were you last?" "I was here, Grimmauld Place. I was on the first floor, just… wandering I guess. Then this staircase appeared. I'd never seen it before." "Hermione Granger, ever the curious one