My never ending gratitude goes to neophytehgfan on Tumblr for pre-reading this, and to the amazing titania522/ct522 for betaing this at speed speed! If you think you recognize something from Grey's Anatomy, you do. I took the cases from the series, because I'm no doctor so I don't exactly know how that world works. I don't own THG. Now, on to reading! Chapter 1. Your face is so stupid, I want to ride it. If you happen to meet Peeta Mellark, don't let the man fool you. He may have wavy hair as golden as wheat and eyes as blue as the sunny sky; he may have the perfectly crooked smile, created by Aphrodite herself to make women – and sometimes men – swoon; he may have a handsome face, with that cute dimple on his chin and that jaw carved in marble; he may be – I'm reporting what I've heard through the grapevine – quite skilled in the art of giving... relief to women; he may be loved by all the nurses because he always brings them home-made cookies and other baked goods; he may have the body of a Greek god, all – it seems – ripped muscles straining the blue material of his scrubs, to the point that nurses – and some doctors, too – call him "Doctor Hot Buns", and not for his baked goods; he may always be helpful, charming, well-spoken, smart, incredibly good with kids. But I know better. Peeta Mellark is a nightmare . He is cocky, presumptuous, a womanizer, a know-it-all, but more than anything else, a thief. It all started in med school. Since the day my father almost died of cardiac arrest in front of me when I was eleven and was saved by a doctor coincidentally passing by, I strove to become the best cardiothoracic surgeon that has ever been, always pushing myself over my limit to be the best in every activity, academic or not. I aced high school. I was captain of the track team, vice-captain of the cheerleaders, and president of the student council. I was valedictorian. I was accepted in every college I applied to, choosing to stay in Pennsylvania to be closer to family. I graduated from PSU with a GPA of 3.8, first of my class. I got into University of Washington in the blink of an eye. I thought UW would have been a piece of cake. You can imagine how I felt when, for the entirety of the first week, this little asshat that always arrived five minutes late to every class would beat me at everything. And when, out of anger more than anything else, I asked him how he knew all those things, he just shrugged and answered me, "I have a photographic memory." And when I told him that I would be the best once again because I had a GPA of 3.8 from PSU, he replied, "Nice! I graduated from Johns Hopkins with a GPA of 3.9." From that day, I swore that I would have destroyed him. No parties, no drinking, no boys for me. Only studying. Not that there had been that much of those other things anyway, but still – I mean, I had a boyfriend in high school, Gale, but we broke up when he realized that to me school was more important than him. And in the meantime, Mellark went to parties, drank, fucked all the girls in our class – and I think a couple of teachers, too – and the only thing he had to do apparently was read a text book three or four times and smile that ridiculous crooked smile of his. Our results were pretty much the same all the time, to the point that I was pretty vocal about my hatred for the man. Neither of us was too superior to prank the other. He hanged an anatomical model outside my dorm room, and I peed my pants a little. I put food coloring in his bottle of body wash, so that he looked like a Smurf for two days. He gave me a jewelry box saying that it was a way to apologize and end our dispute, when it actually was full of crickets that invaded my car. I gave him a concussion – which actually wasn't really what I wanted to do; let's just say that the classic bucket of water over the door can go horribly wrong. We became famous on campus for our rivalry. I thought that after med school I would finally be free from Mellark. Then I found out we both were matched for the residency at Panem Memorial Hospital, in DC. You may think that it's normal to be a bit competitive during the first years as a resident, when you don't know exactly what you want to specialize in. The problem is, we both knew what we wanted our role at PMH to be: the pupil of Dr. Haymitch Abernathy, Chief surgeon of the Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery. The man is a god. People come from all over the States to have him as a doctor. All residents would kill to have him as a mentor. And it started all over again. I got stuck in the elevator with a patient with a serious gunshot wound to his chest and when the man's blood pressure suddenly dropped drastically, I had to open him and do an emergency pericardiotomy and aortic clamping. Not even a month later, Mellark got to scrub in in my big surgery because he remembered an article he had read years before that helped him realize that great pain with no apparent cause could be a symptom of a subarachnoid hemorrhage. I got to assist Dr. Abernathy in a risky operation to get rid of a dangerous coronary aneurysm on a man that the year prior had had myocardial infarction. Mellark was the miracle man that helped a little boy out of the depression which had cause him to reject the first heart he had been donated. I found out there was an experimental method to do a bypass on a man allergic to anesthesia when he was awake, thanks to an upper thoracic epidural. Mellark assisted in a cardiac autotransplantation. I operated in laparoscopy. Mellark put the heart back in the chest of a baby who was born with extrathoracic heart. Day after day, year after year, me and Mellark fought tooth and nail to get into Dr. Abernathy's good graces, the OR being our preferred battlefield. There is no one in the hospital that doesn't know about this and isn't on the side of one of us. And, since Mellark is oh so loved by everyone here, I don't have many supporters. The fact that a scowl is my main facial expression may play a part in this situation. But who cares what a bunch of easily played doctors think about me? I am one of the best surgeons at PMH, which is the only thing that matters to me. And I'm friend with Madge Undersee, a fellow intern. Her father is a senator, so, you know, I have some connections. But today, after almost eight years of figuratively fighting to the death, everything will change. Abernathy has realized that he is getting old, and that he can't keep up with all the duties of a chief and all his patients, so he decided to appoint an assistant between the fourth year residents. Which basically means I'm a step away from achieving the goal of a lifetime. The only obstacle in my way is Mellark. The interns are all impatiently waiting in front of the elevator for Abernathy's turn to start. Everytime the elevator dings, everyone tenses up. I think we scared pretty much everyone that stepped out of there. People are nervous, pacing around and biting their nails. If I gave a damn about them, I'd think it cute. They all know that their odds are close to none when compared to Mellark's and mine. We are the only two residents Abernathy wants in his OR lately, since our success rates are the highest. Cato Martins screwed up seven times in a row, and he was lucky that Tresh Montgomery – whose residency is in plastic surgery, so I'm sure you can understand the problem here – stepped in the last time before he could kill that poor lady. And Glimmer Donovan cheated on Dr. Gloss Grover, the anesthetist that usually works with Abernathy, with his sister, it seems, so she's not welcome in the OR at all. "The job is practically mine, Mellark." I tell him between sips of my morning coffee. "Don't be so sure about it, Everdeen." "Oh, I am so sure about it that I prepared a little number for you." He snorts. "We'll see." He scratches his five o'clock shadow, and my eyes inadvertently zero in on a little bruise under his jaw that looks suspiciously like a hickey. It irritates me to no end. What other naive girl did he fuck this time? The ding of the elevator distracts me from my intention to vocally criticize Mellark's lifestyle. Way too many heads turn towards Abernathy as he steps out, and he freezes when he see all the residents. He hasn't had his morning coffee yet, I can see it from the lack of his usual sarcastic mug. Abernathy sighs. "What the hell do you want so early in the morning?" "You said you would appoint your new assistant today, sir." says Marvel Abbots. "And you ambush me before I even have the chance to put my scrubs on?" grumbles the doctor. God, he is impossible in the morning. Since none of us move, Abernathy sighs once again, waving his hand. "Fine. Okay. I wanted to do it in a more official way, but you beasts can't wait. Everdeen." He points his finger at me. "You're my new assistant. There. Now, out of my way." That said, he shoves past our group towards his office, still grumbling. I pump my fist in the air, barely containing my winning smile. I catch Mellark trying to sneak away unnoticed, and I can't pass up the opportunity to brag about my victory. "Where are you going, Mellark? I've got something to show you!" He groans, his head falling backward. He then turns around, his eyebrows raised in unamused question. I'm really proud of the little dance I assembled for this. I even put a pretend ass-slapping in it. My cheerleading past came really in hand with the dance moves and the song. I take a deep breath and... "Hey, listen!/ I'm Katniss Everdeen,/ the best surgeon that has ever been./ You know, you can try to be like me,/ but I'm so far you can't even see me./ I'm perfect, man. I don't have a glitch./ And you, Mellark, you're just my bitch./ You can't win, you're just too tired./ 'Cause I'm Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire!" As I raise my hands in the final pose, Johanna Mason, the Chief Resident, passes by. She mimics licking her middle fingers and touching my ass with them, making a 'psss' sound. "Um... Thanks, Dr. Mason?" I say when I'm over my initial surprise. "Don't mention it, Everdeen." the woman answers as she keeps going on her way. Mellark has both his hands clasped in front of his face, his index fingers tapping against his mouth. "Charming." he says. "Did you pay Mason to do that?" "Honestly, I didn't even know she was there." Mellark takes a deep breath and releases it in a short burst. "Yeah, well. Congratulation. You deserved it." he says, and then walks away. I'm surprised by this exchange. I wanted Mellark to feel annoyed – and a just a little bit humiliated – by my bragging. But there was no sarcasm or venom in his voice. That's not the reaction I hoped for. "Having fun, Dr.