Title: It's not that simple Summary: What will Severus Snape do when Voldemort orders him to marry his daughter? The story takes place in the summer after the triwizard tournament and goes AU from there. Severus Snape x OC Voldemort's daughter I don't own Harry Potter. The only character I own is my OC, Voldemort's daughter: Skyrah (eternal, immortal, love and beauty) Andraste (victory) Riddle. Rated M for sex and abuse Chapter 1 Summer holidays finally arrived and Severus Snape returned home, on Spinner's End. He sat down in an old chair from the living room and started to read the Daily Prophet . Stories about the death of one of his now former students, Cedric Diggory, were still covering the newspaper, along with some articles in which Harry Potter claimed You-know-who was back… Potter still managed to bother Snape, even during breaks… Rita Skeeter stated that he was lying, that is, He-who-must-not-be-named hadn't come back. She couldn't be more wrong: Potter was many things, but a liar wasn't one. In fact, just two weeks ago, Severus had taken his spy role…again. He had been in a Death Eater meeting. Voldemort was very much alive and he wanted to succeed this time. It hadn't been easy to come up with excuses to questions like why he hadn't killed Potter when he had had the chance. At first, he was afraid his cover would be blown, but he had managed to make the Dark Lord believe in him again. What's more, he had also reported information about Dumbledore during his master's absent years. That's what had gained him the position as the most trustworthy and valuable Death Eater. Severus was lost in his thoughts when he felt a familiar pain in his arm. Hissing, he grabbed his Death Eater robes and mask and put them on. It was strange to have a meeting first thing in the morning. Voldemort felt more comfortable in the dark of the night, so that was when he usually summoned them. Thus, the morning assembly couldn't mean good news. The black-haired man prepared himself for the worst and apparated in front of Voldemort. There didn't seem to be any more Death Eaters in the woods, but he wasn't alone with his master either. Before him a woman he had never seen before stood; dressed in black robes, similar to his, but more feminine. Her expression was stoic and she didn't show any kind of emotion. She seemed to be about thirty years old. Her eyes were of a dark brown color, almost as black as her wavy hair, which went past her shoulders. The dark contrasted against her pale skin and fleshy pink lips. She was certainly attractive. But what was her identity? And more importantly, why was she standing next to Voldemort? "Take your mask off," ordered Voldemort. "Yes, my lord," Severus replied and obeyed immediately. There was a short pause and then the dark wizard continued, "Severus, what I am going to tell you is of extreme relevance. I have a task for you… You know what I desire the most, you understand me. That is why you are my right-hand, my spy. Everybody believes I want to finish with Harry Potter and clean the wizarding world of mudbloods… And that is true. However, there's something more important… Immortality. That, Severus, is what I will achieve. There are different ways to accomplish it, and I'm going to make sure I try all of them, in case one fails… That's where you enter in my plan. You are going to provide your services." During his speech, Severus had kept an emotionless face. When he saw the Dark Lord was waiting for a response, he reassured, "My loyalty is with you, my Lord, and only you. I feel honored that I am the one you confide this vital task with…" "I didn't expect any less of you, my dear servant. As you well know, a way to persevere in this world is to have a male heir, and you are going to deliver me one. Meet my daughter, Skyrah Andraste Riddle, who you will wed in about a week. Your mission is to get my daughter pregnant as soon as possible. There is no one else I could consider to perform the task: you are my most trustworthy Death Eater, and you carry the blood of the Prince family. Of course, Dumbledore will meet her once you two are married by the Ministry of Magic… She will become a spy, like you. And she'll become a teacher at Hogwarts too. I'm sure you won't have a problem to persuade Dumbledore. Besides, my daughter is quite convincing too. She'll effortlessly get the Defense Against the Dark Arts position. The curse won't affect her as she is my blood. This way, I'll get more information about Dumbledore and his little puppet, the Potter boy. " Even though Severus didn't show it, he was horrified. Of all the things that he was expecting, wedding Voldemort's daughter and having a child with her was the last thing he would have imagined to happen. He stared at Skyrah, the woman who was to marry him. Her face didn't betray her either for her expression was the same as before: emotionless. Severus couldn't escape this, he was trapped. On the one hand, if he refused, his cover would be blown and he would be tortured. He'd be lucky if he got out of it alive… His life was at the stake, but it wasn't the only thing: the Order needed him. He was the only member who could provide valuable information about Voldemort and his plans. On the other hand, if he accepted, he would be introducing Voldemort's daughter to his students. He analyzed the pros and the cons and finally muttered, taking a bow, "As my Lord wishes." Voldemort smiled evilly. "Excellent. Lucius Malfoy knows about the arrangement. His connections in the Ministry of Magic have permitted him to arrange a date for the wedding. You'll receive a letter with all the necessary information. You are dismissed." Severus bowed down once again and apparated back home. He put the Death Eater robes and mask in the cupboard and immediately put on his familiar black robes which he always wore at Hogwarts. As he was fastening the buttons, his mind was replaying the meeting on his head as if it was a film. Why did he have to endure all this? How was he going to survive as the husband of Voldemort's daughter? And what about children? He had never wanted nor liked children, if the way he treated his students wasn't of any indication. To make it all worse, he was sure he would be a horrible father, just like his own; and the thought terrified him. How would the children of Severus Snape and Skyrah Riddle grow up to be like? Only one word came up to his mind: monsters. As soon as he fastened the last black button, he floo called Albus Dumbledore. He had to be aware of all this mess. The Headmaster was in Severus's living room in a matter of a second. "What was so important, my child?" wondered Albus. Severus rolled his eyes and instructed, "Don't call me child , and take a seat, please. You'll need it…" Dumbledore did as told and sat down on the sofa while Severus settled on the same old chair from the morning, in front of the beardy man. Taking a deep breath, he told him, "I have just come from a meeting with the Dark Lord. He's commanded me a task which he considers vital and even more important than Potter and the end of muggleborns…" Severus's expression turned bitter and Dumbledore couldn't help but get serious. As calmly as he could, he muttered, "What is the task, Severus?" Sighing, the slytherin replied, "He desires to be immortal. To attain so, he needs a male heir. He's ordered me to marry his daughter and give her a child… We're getting married in about a week and he wants me to get her pregnant as soon as possible. And that's not all: he wants her to get the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher job and become a spy for him… The curse of said job wouldn't affect her." There was a long silence. The environment was tense, to say the least. It was so uncomfortable that Severus, someone who appreciated silence and solitude, decided to break it. His voice was trembling, and he had a defeated look on his eyes, a look of a helpless man, "Please, Albus, say something…" Putting a hand on the Potions Master's shoulder, the old man slowly stated, "We have no choice, Severus. You must do what he commanded, or else, your cover will be blown and all the effort will have been in vain… We'll think of something." In that moment, an owl which carried a letter arrived. Severus took the note and it flew away. He opened it. It was the letter Voldemort had informed him about. He read it and whispered gravely, "The wedding will take place in the Ministry of Magic, next Monday at six pm." "I'm really sorry you have to go through this, Severus." "Sorry doesn't make it any better, Albus." The wedding day arrived. The room was empty except for the official and Severus Snape. There were no guests. Severus was slightly sweating due to his nerves, waiting for the bride. The doors creaked open and the bride entered. Her steps were elegant, confident and swift. She wore a soft pink dress that hugged all her curves and showed her neckline, making her look even more attractive. Her hair was made up in a classic bun. She looked severe. Her dark brown eyes seemed to pierce his black soul the moment she stood in front of the groom. What caught Severus's eye though was her bare arm: there was no dark mark inked on her pale skin. "We are here to make official this union between Mr. Snape and Ms. Riddle. Do you, Severus Snape, take Skyrah Andraste Riddle as your wife?" He gulped and said, "I do." "And do you, Skyrah Andraste Riddle, take Severus Snape as your husband?" "I do." She didn't even hesitate. It was the first time Severus had heard her voice and, to his surprise, it wasn't very high pitched like other women. Instead, it had a smoky quality in it. "In that case, I declare you Mr. Snape and Mrs. Snape, husband and wife. You may kiss your bride." Severus didn't know what do to. Should he kiss her on the lips? Was it going too far? It would be suspicious if he didn't… What kind of groom didn't kiss his bride on their wedding day? So slowly, he bowed his head and pressed his lips against hers. It was just a peck and Skyrah had kept her emotionless mask on. What surprised him though, was that despite her stony look, her lips had felt warm against his, even if it had been for a fraction of a second. The official retired and left the room, leaving the pair alone. After a short pause, the woman spoke again, "We should go home." "Home?" "Your place," she clarified while she grabbed his arm as a signal she was waiting for the apparition. Severus wasn't used to people touching him. Only Lily had ever got away with it, and occasionally, Albus, Minerva and Poppy; but never in front of other people. So the touch surprised him. What shocked him the most though, was that it felt… nice. It was warm, like her lips. How could a cold woman like Skyrah have such a gentle touch? She was Voldemort's daughter, for Merlin's sake! When they got to their destination, Skyrah instantly asked in a business-like manner, "Where's your bedroom?" Severus didn't answer her verbally. He guided her upstairs and opened his bedroom door,