A/N: Hello! This story is a translation. You can find it in Spanish and Catalan in my profile, so if you speak either of those languages, you can check them out ;) It is basically a friendship Snamione fic, although there are some romance hints. Interpret it the way it makes you feel happier. The HP world belongs to JK Rowling. Enjoy! Soul friends, soulmates "Do you mind sitting down for a while? My feet are killing me!" cried out Hermione. Viktor Krum, her date, smiled and nodded, telling her he would come back with drinks. The muggle-born witch sat down and let her mind wander while her classmates threw her glances. Hermione Granger felt… special. It was weird. Well, the truth was that she was used to feeling students' eyes fixed on her, but that was because they usually were in awe of the knowledge she showed in class. Many admired her intelligence, mostly gryffindors. After all, she won many House points for them. Nevertheless, the reason why everybody was staring at her was different today. The Yule Ball. Hermione had dressed for the occasion. She had never been into fashion, and the fact she had spent all day transfiguring the perfect dress and preparing the potion that would tame her wild hair embarrassed her. At least, the effort had paid off. It was the first time she felt beautiful, the first time she knew students admired her for something more than being brainy. It was the first time she felt like a woman. Well, not like a woman , but like an attractive girl. Viktor Krum made her feel even prettier. His flattery made her heart beat faster than recommended, but she didn't mind. A shiver ran down her spine. Somebody was staring intently at her, blurring the other glances. Swallowing hard, she turned her head and met a pair of black eyes that didn't belong to any student but a Professor. The gaze was so profound it knocked the wind out of her. Despite the distance between them, the girl was able to read hundreds of contradictory emotions in those onyx stones: fear, enthusiasm, longing, remorse and… fondness? Since when did Professor Snape show fondness? Since when did Professor Snape express any sentiment that wasn't disgust, disappointment or rage? Since when did Professor Snape look at her, for starters? He always ignored her when she raised her hand in class, and if he let her speak, he never suppressed snarky remarks that meant to hurt her. Hence, why was the Potions Master hypnotized by her? As if Hermione had voiced her thoughts, Severus darted his enthralled eyes away and pretended nothing happened. His face was blank. The Yule Ball hadn't ended like Hermione had expected. Ron had spoiled it all. She wasn't keen on spreading rumors; she didn't fancy everybody seeing her cry uncontrollably. She needed to scurry away. She dried her tears to no avail and dashed into the seventh floor. The Room of Requirement opened, inviting her to hide from the world, or so she thought. As soon as the magic room closed the door, something pointy pressed against her neck: a wand. Hermione let out a strangled huff. The gloom of the room impeded the recognition of the attacker. Nonetheless, she knew whoever was assaulting her was close to her, for his ragged respiration and hot breath hit her skin. "Who are you? What are you doing here?" The voice was masculine, of a low pitch and soothing, despite the hostile cry he let out. Hermione stayed mute, petrified. She didn't have her wand with her. She had assumed she wouldn't need it in the Ball. Now, though, she would have done anything to clasp it tightly in her hand. "Answer me!" The strident and impatient tone snapped Hermione out of her thoughts. "My name is Hermione Granger. I needed to be alone, that's why I came here." The girl realized she wasn't crying anymore, but her voice hadn't been as steady as usual. She wasn't feeling fine yet. The wand vacillated before guarding down. "I was here before. You'll have to wait until I get out if you want to be alone. Until then, get out of my sight." "Excuse me?" She narrowed her eyes in indignation and furrowed her brow. "I have the same right than you do to go wherever I please! If I want to stay in the Room of Requirement, I'll stay. I won't go just because a complete stranger threatens me. I am not like that." The boy took a step back, surprised by her outburst. A deep silence followed, a deep silence that incommoded her. The room lit up progressively until Hermione could study the boy's traits. He was taller than Ron and quite thin, about her age, slightly older, perhaps. Slytherin uniform. The fabric was worn-out, second-hand clothes, most likely. She focused on his angular face and high cheekbones. The first thing she noticed was his big, hooked nose; his most prominent feature, hands down. His lips were thin, of a pinkish pale color. His skin was so pale he looked ill. The white contrasted against this greasy long black hair, as black as the raven's feathers, black as his eyes, two endless tunnels that shone with no happiness. The image of Professor Snape crossed her mind. The resemblance was impressive. They could even pass off as father and son. Wait. Snape with children? The mere thought was ludicrous. "Why are you laughing?" Wasn't her laughter only in her mind? Had she really laughed out loud? That had certainly not been her intention. She flushed, looking everywhere except those coal eyes. "I'm sorry. You look like someone I know." The boy raised an eyebrow in skepticism. He was studying her too. Neither of them made a move until the slytherin spat she could stay as long as she respected his space. The girl nodded and saw how he receded towards a table with plenty of potions ingredients. Hermione had to fight back a giggle. The boy and Snape could be family, indeed. "Are you related to Severus Snape by chance?" Hermione had always been a curious girl, and the question hung in the air before she realized she had opened her mouth in the first place. The boy popped his head up so rapidly that Hermione worried he had hurt his neck. He forgot his potion and fixed his glance on her. Hermione was unable to read any emotion on his face. His glare was so piercing she took one step back. "Are you kidding me?" She frowned. "Why would I be kidding? The resemblance is outstanding: same nose, same cheekbones, same eyes, same hair, same interests… Even your voice and the way you carry yourself is similar." "Look, Granger, I don't need you to pull wool over my eyes. I have never seen you, but you know me… Why?" "I don't know you. I only know Professor Snape, with whom you share so many traits it's scary." "Professor Snape?" he muttered to himself. He shook his head as if that would make him forget about that detail. "My name is Severus Snape. I don't know whom the hell you are talking about." "Now you are the one joking," she countered back, folding her arms across her chest, looking at him with a lifted eyebrow. The boy grimaced and retorted, "I'm not lying." "Neither am I." The slytherin was staring intently at her again. His eyes roamed from her feet to her face. "Are you a Hogwarts student?" "Yes." "Why aren't you wearing the uniform, then?" "Today's the Yule Ball," she answered, rolling her eyes. "Everybody knows it. Everybody bar you, I suppose." "It's spring." "What?" "We have just sat the OWL's exams. It isn't winter." Hermione mused on it. His body language wasn't that of a liar, but she was telling the truth as well. She couldn't forget this boy resembled her Professor immensely. He even affirmed he had the same name. Nonsense. Unless this was an alternative dimension, that is. It was either that or a trip back in time, but everybody knew it was impossible to travel back so many years in time. "Time travel?" Why the hell wasn't she aware of when she spoke out loud? "I can't come up with a better explanation," she said with a shrug. Silence conquered the room while the youngsters pondered the options. "Are you a fourth or fifth-year?" "Fourth-year." "From what year do you come from?" "1994." "I'm a fifth-year, 1976. Do you believe the Room of Requirement permits time travel?" "I find no other logical explanation…" She paused, tilted her head and pressed her lips. "Why did you come here?" "It's none of your business," he exclaimed in self-defense, not even bothering looking at her. "On the contrary. This room provides what we require. It must have a reason to make us meet, don't you think?" His nose crinkled. "No offense, Granger, but I didn't require the presence of a dunderhead from the future." With that said, he headed towards the door, ignoring the girl, who was looking at him wide-eyed. First he insulted her and then he left without even whispering goodbye. At least, Professor Snape was cold but more refined. Her thoughts were interrupted by a frustrated groan. "What's the matter?" "I can't open the bloody door," he complained, his cheeks flushed. Now she was frightened. Hermione joined Severus. She tried to push the heavy door, while he muttered all the possible charms that could be useful. Nothing worked and exasperation ran through their veins. "This is the Room of Requirement, right? I reckon it won't open until we get what we need…" Severus huffed, but the truth was that what Hermione had said made sense, so he swallowed his pride for once. "All right, future girl. Let's say you are on the right path. What do we need?" She bit her bottom lip. "I don't know… Why did you come here? What were you seeking in this room?" "That's personal. I won't tell you." Her patience was running thin. She was fed up with Ron's idiotic comments; she didn't need a teen version of the Professor who detested her talking to her in such manners. Her coffee eyes burnt. "Of course you'll do it! I happen to have a life outside these walls, you know? I am certain you do too, considering that you were whining about the door not opening a minute ago! So start talking! I don't have all day!" His pupils dilated. Nobody had ever addressed him like that, nobody except Lily, sometimes, when she was really mad. Lily. Only thinking about her name made him shut his eyes in regret. She was his only hope, his only light in his dark life. She was the candle that lit up the room, yet unwittingly, Severus had snuffed out, and the flame danced no more. There wasn't even the hint of the smolder. He had tried to light the candle again, but the girl of auburn hair had made her decision: calling her mudblood was unforgivable. Everybody thought Severus was a cold person, but perhaps that was why he needed warmth and heat so much. He needed someone who didn't look him with aversion, who didn't look him with fear. Now that the candle didn't burn, he felt colder than ever. To Hermione's mind, it was way easier to read young Severus than adult Severus. This younger version did not have so much practice at covering his emotions behind a mask. Sometimes, he forgot to conceal them, and now it was one of those times. Remorse, sorrow and shame ruled over his features. She had never seen him so vulnerable. On the contrary, the Snape she knew resembled a stone. He was an almost unemotional man. Suddenly, the fire that had blazed in rage inside the girl went out and was replaced by compassion. "Severus, I can start…" He