Chapter 1 "Bella, come on! Pleeeeeaaaase! Just for one night! I can't miss this audition, and Aro won't give me a night off because it's a Saturday. You know how much I need this job!" My friend, Jane begged me through the phone late Friday night. I groaned and kicked away my devil stiletto heels the moment I entered by apartment. "Don't I need some sort of a… I don't know… license in order to do your job? And why on earth are you asking me to cover for you anyway? Why not just ask any of your other dancer friends." "You ARE one of my dancer friends! Everyone else has something to do on a Saturday night." I set my groceries down with a loud thud. "What?! And you thought I didn't have any plans?!" "Uh, puh-leez. Everyone knows you work every Saturday night." "That's not true!" I tried to think of some excuse. "I had plans to watch a movie!" In my apartment. "Really? With who?" "Uuuhh…," very convincing, Bella. "Alice?" "Mhm…mhm… Alice will be in Chicago for a conference this weekend." Shoot. Forgot about that. "Bella, please! I'm begging you! It's just for one night! Admit that you miss dancing on stage. You'll have a blast! Drinks are on me. Just tell the bartender to put everything on my tab." I sighed. "Jane, I've never done your type of dancing, you know. Everyone might just boo me off stage and your boss could fire you for it." She laughed. "Honey, you and I both know that you can totally do this. Remember the frat party back in College? You certainly brought the house down." I felt the blood rise to my face with the memory. "That was college. And I was drunk!" "Yeah, from doing a keg stand!" "Which YOU insisted I do!" "Let loose just for a night, Bella. I know you've been working really hard with your up-coming store, but I think this could be healthy for you. No one will know." I finished putting away the last of the groceries and started fixing myself a salad. "You don't know that. If any of my co-workers see me in a bodice and kitten heels, I'll never hear the end of it." "It's a 'corset!' and it's classy! Come on! I'll do anything you want! Just do this favor for me, please! You won't regret it!" "Goodbye, Jane." "Bella, wai-…" I cut off the line and shook my head. Jane was crazy. There was no way in hell I was doing Burlesque. I couldn't believe I was doing this. Apparently friends like Jane who are a pain in the ass can be quite persistent. She came to my apartment passed midnight and locked me in my bedroom until I agreed to her favor. Could you believe that? She locked me. IN MY ROOM! Who does that? Anyway… so here I am in front of Hollywood's most renowned Burlesque Bar. The word 'Volterra' was as flashy as it could be at the entrance. With a sigh, I stepped into the bar and asked to meet a Mister Aro at the front desk. If this Aro guy wasn't gay, I'll personally kill Jane if he ogles me. I was directed to head backstage and on the way, I noticed how full the bar was. And it is quite classy indeed. The bartenders were all well dressed and the floor looked very posh and… velvet. Dark red curtains hung the walls, the floor was polished black, and dim crystal chandeliers hung the ceiling. It reminded me of a more modern Phantom of the Opera setting. "Oh!" Unfortunately, my clumsy self had to break head at that moment because I just bumped into an innocent gentleman. "I'm so sorry!" "No, no. It's my fault." He was tall with a head of bronze-like hair and wore a dashing black business suit. Oh, damn… handsome lovely Adonis with green eyes. He flashed me a smile and I almost melted. "Hi." "Uhm," I blushed, "yeah." I smiled slightly and stepped away, completely embarrassed. What the hell was that, Bella? A cute guy says hi and all you say is uhm, yeah? So it's not just Clumsy Bella who reared its head, but Bashful Bella had to come out too? "Oh, hell." I whispered to myself before running backstage. I asked one of the girls in a very pretty pink corset if she could direct me to Aro, and she was nice enough to do so. Once I figured out that girls weren't shy walking around in practically nothing backstage, I felt a lump in my throat. "So you're the college friend who's covering for Jane, huh?" Her name was Angela. "Yes. Friend is sort of a thin line right now. She locked me in my room until I agreed to cover for her tonight." She laughed. "Yeah, that sounds like her. We call her Jane the Pain here. Have you ever danced Burlesque?" I shook my head. "Never." Her eyes twinkled. "You will love it." She led me up a flight of stairs and into Aro's office. "Aro! A Miss Swan is here to see you." I walked in and almost did a fist pump. Yes! Gay! Definitely. "Hmm." He looked me up and down. "Yes, very good body. Love your chest. A size 34C, I believe. Angela, would you please get me the black and red corset downstairs. Do you dance?" Oh… and Italian, I think. I almost laughed. He gets straight to the point doesn't he? "Uh… thank you. Yes, correct bra size. Wow. Good eye… and I dance, but I've never done anything like… this." He smirked. "Burlesque is an art form, darling. Do not be ashamed. Do you sing?" My eyes widened. "Uh… sing? Jane didn't tell me-," "Do you sing?" My eyes widened. "Just a bit. Jane and I did a theatre elective together in college." "Sing to me." "What?" He sighed. "I'm a very busy woman, darling. I need everyone," he snapped his fingers and I blinked. "Snappy." "Uuh…," "Sing!" I sang the first song that came to my mind. "Never know how much I love you… never know how much I care. When you put your arms around me, I get a fever babe that's always there, you give me fever…," I crooned and he squealed. "Yes, fabulous!" He gripped my arms. "You will be our opening act for tonight!" His eyes showed excitement while mine showed horror. "Opening act?" Noooo! "But but but—I don't' know how-," "You don't need to know, darling! Just feel sexy… feel your song… feel the fever tonight." He gazed into my eyes as if to hypnotize me and I suddenly felt fearful for what I was getting myself into. "I have the corset!" Angela chirped behind us. "Ah! Fabulous! And get the white fur coat!" "Oh my God." What was I getting myself into? … … … Thirty minutes later, I was dressed in the tightest corset in the world, which practically pushed my boobs up and together to form cleavage I didn't even know I had. I wore no stockings, but garter belts were around my thighs and my shoes were a lovely pair of black heels with red soles. The contrast to my outfit was a white fur coat… or scarf… whatever you call this big soft fluffy thing around my shoulders that reminded me of Marilyn Monroe. My make-up was fixed by Angela and it was the thickest I'd ever worn, but it did look good, if I do say so myself. I did love the apple red lipstick I had on. My hair on the other hand, fell in luscious waves down my back and smoothed away from one side of my face to expose my neck. This was the first time I'd ever worn something so… so… revealing. I felt like I could seduce even the gay out there. Ha ha. Impossible. Half my senses were nervous, other half was excited. I guess Jane was right in a way. I did miss theatre. The thrill and the adrenaline before, during, and after the performance was addicting. Aro had explained to me what would go on when I go out the stage and I was committing it to memory. Something about a spinning stage, ceiling mirrors… blah blah. I hadn't practiced my voice in a while, so I hoped it wouldn't break. "Five minutes, Bella. You ready?" Angela was every bit as supportive. I was so thankful. My nerves were killing me. Sure, I did a mock performance of Alex's Flashdance routine in college, but this was totally different. "Very nervous." She chuckled. "You'll do great." "I've never danced like this before, Angela. What if I'm not… you know…," "Sexy?" She smirked. I chuckled and nodded nervously. She sat beside me and smiled. "I don't know if this will help but if I could give you a piece of advice…," "Oh please do." I'm all ears. She smiled and blushed. "Well, the first time I danced solo here, I sort of imagined that I was dancing in front of my boyfriend, Ben." I blinked. "Oooh, is that so?" "Yeah." She looked up shyly. "I don't know. It's just… there's a different sort of inspiration if you're in front of someone you really love and want to please, you know. When Ben saw me dance that night… Oh dear, Lord… we didn't leave the bedroom for the entire weekend. After that moment, I sort of broke through my shy shell." I smiled. "I know how you feel." The performance of an artist mostly depends on their inspiration and motivation. I almost forgot about that. College seems like such a long time ago. "And not a lot of guys approve this sort of profession for their girlfriend… so I guess I'm lucky." "You are, Angela. Ben sounds like a great guy." She smiled. "He is. So," she nudged me. "Do you have a boyfriend?" "Uhm," I blushed. "Unfortunately no. So I guess dancing in front of an imaginary boyfriend is out of my table." "Oh don't be silly. We can find someone." She stood and peeked through the curtain. "Angela! Wait… what are you-," "There! Look at those gentlemen over there." She let me peek through, and sure enough I saw a few men dressed in tailored suits around the front of the stage at the end of the walkway. "Imagine that one of those hott saucy men is your boyfriend and believe me, inspiration will fall easily from there." She smacked my ass and I squealed in surprise. I looked at her with wide eyes. "You're more naughty that I thought you would be." She smiled and just shrugged her shoulders. When the lights dimmed, my heart beat increased. "Oh! Goodluck!" "Oh God…," I took a deep breath and took my position behind the curtain. Closing my eyes, I tried to relax as much as I could. Hmm… imagine someone as my boyfriend huh? But who… Just before the spotlight hit the curtain to reveal my silhouette, I imagined the face of the green-eyed Adonis who I ran into earlier and I bit my lip to hide a smile. Perfect. The light came through the curtain to reveal my shadow and the strum of the double base started. When the saxophone came, I raised my arm in a voluptuous way and ran it down my side slowly before moving the curtain aside. " Never know how much I love you… never know how much I care." Applause and whistles sounded as I stepped out but aside from focusing on the vast audience, I imagined the Adonis dead straight at the end of the stage, sitting with one leg up on his other knee and a smirk on his face, fingers to his lips. " When you put your arms around me, I get a fever that's so hard to bear. You give me fever." My hands touched