Hello, Internet, and welcome to ! I wrote this because I had a head-full-to-bursting list of ideas from reading fanfics like Verdant Gamer and Gaming for Glory. To be honest, I only read those two to get the inspiration here. And because I think two meta-Gamers running around Remnant is enough, I decided to plop my OC right-smack-dab in the middle of Wizarding Britain. Enjoy! Darkness. That's all I saw at first. But then some light grew. It was faint at first, brightening just enough to keep the room dark but let me see my surroundings vaguely. I looked around. It was a small, stone-floored room, circular in shape, the walls done with black tiling. As I circumspected, a small brazier sat where I was looking as I turned back. I was fairly sure it hadn't been there before. A fire crackled in its coals, lending warmth and comfort to the underground chamber. At least, I thought it was underground. It definitely smelled something like an underground parking garage. I blinked a few times, rubbing away sleep as I stretched. A small hologram-style computer dialog box appeared in front of me. Welcome to - Terraverse - The ultimate fusion of real and fictional (R). You have elected to beta-test this brand new technology, and have been transported into the Terran Crux Realm. Due to the expansive and hyperreactive nature of the Realms, you shall make a blind choice of which Base Realm you will enter first. You have been given (I turned around to look in the direction the nav arrow it provided) a Hammerspace Satchel (Name is crowdsourced and randomly chosen on creation of data save). (There was a small beige satchel on the ground, around the size of a small laptop. Having left my own satchel back home, I picked the new one up and tried it on. It fit very well.) This serves as your inventory access point, inside which you will store all the odds and ends you will find on your adventures. I thought I heard a small voice (Not unlike that of Oliver Twist and Matt Smith combined) narrating the box to me. Turning around, I saw that the holobox was being projected from a small, bronzen sphere, with a lens at the front projecting the hologram. Think of it like a bronze-coloured Golden Snitch with the detailing of YYZ Imports' Electric Avenue watch and the lens of The Room's Null Element Eyepiece. This message, if all is well on our end, will show upon discovering your Companion Server Link. This little sprite (Term may not be accurate, texture is chosen from presets based on user's pre-game likes/dislikes) will accompany you on your adventure, and take care of system functions, such as Quest Log, Inventory Contents, and Equip. Well, that was sincerely nice: My own little Navi. The little Companion Link looked like something out of a steampunk movie or video game, although… … Did I like them…? On that note… … Who the hell was I…? The first truly scary idea I confronted… … was that I couldn't remember. I racked my brain for any clue as to my identity, but found nothing. Facts, trivia, sure, I had those in generous supply, but there was nothing to distinguish me from the planet itself. I closed my eyes, rubbed my temples, searched again and again, but found nothing. I started to panic. If a man was the sum of his memories, as the Fifth Doctor once said, then I wasn't a man, or human , to use the gender-neutral terminology. But I was clearly here, and clearly sentient, so if I wasn't human, what was I? I shook my head, forcing the thoughts from my mind (Or at least, I tried. They stuck at the edges, threatening to invade). I was definitely human. I was just suffering from a bout of forced amnesia (Or maybe even regular amnesia). But the fact that I was more or less inside a video game remained. It seems that you can't remember who you are. Don't panic. You can think up a new name here. - Type (or say) your name. - (A string-input box and keyboard floated under this.) I stalled for a bit before my brain kicked into gear. Was this intentional? In any case, I thought, driving out the paranoia, and thought hard. Simon seemed a good name to have. But why have a given name with no family name? I could literally pop up anywhere, so a family name would be a good thing to have. It should be something simple, obvious, archaic-sounding, and easy to remember. A second holobox appeared to the left of the main one. A progress bar appeared at the top, filled, and loaded in- Google Translate. I couldn't help but laugh at the computer's sense of timing and choice of translator. I flipped through Google Translate a while, before finally giving up and choosing a name that had little to no relevance to the guidelines I'd set for myself earlier, but still sounded cool. Alabaster Dresden. It didn't really go well with the blue hoodie, green Legend of Zelda T-shirt and brown Abercrombie chinos I was wearing, but it was a name unlike any other, one that was truly mine. I entered in the name into the dialog box. Hello, Alabaster! Today, you start your adventure in Terraverse. You are probably confused with what's going on. Just keep calm, carry on, and listen to this tutorial. Ah, joy, a tutorial. Although it may seem like a noob's decision, going through the tutorial could open the jar on mechanics and features that I'd otherwise miss. First off are the controls. There's no joysticks or WASD here: Just move and look around as you would in the real world. Questline Added: Tutorial Quest complete: Tutorial I: +100 XP Level Up! I hummph ed at the insta-completed quest. Was this due to my previous circumspecting? I shook my head, looking to a new dialog box. Now you know how to navigate Terraverse! As you could see, there's quests here. Before we elaborate, do you want to use speech, gestures, or your Server Link (both) to open the various menus and use skills? (Choose one.) ( ) Speech ( ) Gesturing ( ) Server Link I checked the Server Link box, before turning to said Link. "Will..." I paused, getting used to talking after the good 12 hours it felt like my voice was out-of-use for. "Will I be able to change this later if I want to?" "Yes," was the Server Link's reply. I continued with my choice, and read the next dialog box. Now that you've established a menu-opening system, let's see what quests you have active. Say "Quest Log" or "Journal" on their own, in a sentence, or as a mimed action to see what you have in your Quest Log. "Alright, then... Let's see my quest log." Quest Log - Completed - Tutorial I - In Progress - Tutorial II: 100 XP - On Deck - Tutorial III - Tracked Quest - Tutorial II [X] Open the Quest Log [ ] Open the Inventory/Character Menu [ ] Open the Server Link Menu I looked over the format of the Quest Log, and slashed my hand through the window, closing it. Having quests and objectives is all well and good, but you'll need to know the ins and outs of being in an RPG to progress. Say "Inventory" or "Character" on their own, in a sentence, or as a mimed action to see what you have in your Inventory. "Open my Inventory," I told the Server Link sprite. A non-list-esque window opened in front of me, displaying an equip menu similar to most RPGs, alongside a graphical menu for my Hammerspace Satchel and its... well... hammerspace, and my different unlocked skills. Inventory - Stats - ATK: 20 M-ATK: 10 DEF: 10 M-DEF: 10 HP: 500 MS: 250 SPD: 8.5 - Character - Class: None (Heh...) Level: 2 (0/200 XP) Inventory: Hammerspace Satchel L1 (5 m3, 3 kg) Title: - Available Titles: Titular Character: Gain 10 Titles. Intelligence Officer: Observe 500 different things. Monster Slayer: Kill a monster. Paladin: Equip a Melée Weapon. Wahzerd: Equip a Magic Weapon. Ranger: Equip a Ranged Weapon. World Walker: Choose a Realm. Is This a Horror Movie?: [Conditions Hidden] Noob: [Conditions hidden] - Equipment - Head: - L Arm: - | Torso: Hoodie | R Arm: - L Hand M: - | Belt: - | R Hand M: - L Hand R: - | Legs: Pants | R Hand R: - Feet: Boots Rings: - / - / - Amulets: Watch / - Accessories: - / - / - / - / - - Skills - 1 Unspent Point - Punch - L2 - Basic unarmed Melée attack. Also raises ATK (+5 per level in Punch). Will adjust starting level based on user's pre-save proficiency. Observe - L1 - Basic intelligence skill. Shows names, levels, HP, alignment, and Titles of observed entity, or stats/tooltips on observed items. Sapient - LXX - Levelless growth skill. Creates new skills from new techniques. - Inventory - Money: 0? Initiate's Short Sword - +5 DMG / CQC / TI Initiate's Crossbow - +5 DMG / Ranged / TI I goggled at the wealth of stats available to me right away. "... What..." This is your Inventory. It shows your stats, Titles, current and available items, and skill list. Your Hammerspace Satchel is not directly linked to your Inventory, so small objects can still be put inside it. The capacity is divided into two categories: Volume and Weight. If Volume is maxed out, you cannot put any more items into the Satchel. If Weight is maxed out, you will receive a dexterity- and stamina-based penalty until the carry weight is at or below the max. Since you've earned a Skill Point already, try levelling up a Skill to use later. I unceremoniously dumped the point into Observe. Being well-prepared is key to any hunting expedition or dungeon raid. To equip an item, drag it into your matching Equipment slot. I plucked the Short Sword and Crossbow item cards from their slots and drag-and-dropped them in the R Hand slots in the M and R weapon sets in my Inventory. Surely enough, I felt a crossbow and a gladius-type short sword appear at my belt (or equivalent area, as I wasn't wearing a belt.) Title Unlocked: Paladin: x2 DMG using Melee weapons. Title Unlocked: Ranger: x2 DMG using Ranged weapons. Good! Using these mechanics, you can build any character type you want in Terraverse. Terraverse has some unique mechanics, owing to the diverse nature of the world. Say "Server Link" or "Settings" on their own, in a sentence, or as a mimed action to open the Server Link options menu. "Settings," I said with as must lustre as I could muster (Which wasn't much). Server Link Menu Player: Alabaster Dresden Realm: Crux Server Link Name: - = Change Server Link Texture: Steampunk = Change World Player Ranking: N/A (Fast Travel) Alignment: Undecided This is your Server Link menu. Through this, you will be able to customize your Server Link, Fast Travel outside of combat, and check your World Player Ranking, Realm, and Alignment. Wow... This game is... well-thought-out. I'd leave the rest of the judgement for the future. Players will align with various factions within realms, and they may find themselves battling it out for supremacy. Your job will be to protect your faction, and help it secure the realm. Quest Complete: Tutorial II: +100 XP Now, go, young hero, and begin your adventure! [Play Music: Palace of Earth - Ura Zelda OST] The roughly ten or twenty doors lining the walls around me opened up, each showing a blinding light. Turning to my Server Link for any kind of guidance (Silence on his end), I turned around, trying to see if there was anything behind the blinding light at the