Chapter 1 "The fuck you say." The goblin glared for a moment then chuckled "No wizard, you have been played like a fiddle since your unfortunate parents fell for the lies of an idiot." Bonecrusher, the Potter account manager, chuckled some more. "Fortunately for you, as he very illegally intercepted your Gringotts mail, we can undo much of his idiocy. All the withdrawals from your trust vault not made by you for one, and educating you in your responsibilities regarding your Gringotts managed Family holdings for another. Now what else can we help you with wizard?" Harry blinked "I'm tired of this crazy ass wizarding world and I want out." Bonecrusher frowned "The Potters have extensive holdings all over the planet wizard." He thumped an enormous book down on the desk in front of Harry. "Pick a place and the appropriate documentation will be provided." Harry flipped through the tome and stopped at a picture of a large three story house with a wraparound porch half way up a forested hill with several barns and out buildings "This one." Bonecrusher leaned over and looked "A farm in Tennessee, five thousand hectares, all but one hundred fifty hectares of that unplottable, fifteen miles from the nearest town, corn, soybeans and wheat in rotation, a large hog operation consuming the corn. Cattle, chickens, a produce operation and a large potion ingredient operation. Good choice. Oh, a twenty-five thousand pound allotment of tobacco, reportedly several thousand tons of locally grown Connecticut shade and corojo ageing as well. Apparently the farm manager is branching out into local cigar production. Your properties in Honduras already produce some very good cigars. Candela all the way to oscuro. So the knowledge is there for to be drawn on. We will watch that with interest. The rest Fire Cure and Burley. Very nice, moderately productive, full staff of elves, yes this could be very good, Southern Regional School of Magic in apparition range, so you can continue your education. Very good." The Goblin pushed a rune on his desk and another goblin appeared "Take Heir Potter and give him the full briefing." Harry rose and followed the new Goblin. Bonecrusher chuckled in glee. He would get the heir out of the way until he was twenty one while he would use the Potter fortune to crush all the others. Muhahahahaha! He might have to buy Dumbledore something nice for keeping the boy so ignorant. Before he was imprisoned for trying to rob the Potters that is. The gift would come back and it was the thought that counted. Muhahahaha! Harry Potter sat through the briefing obviously designed to lull him to sleep and listened intently. If Hermione had gotten him to stay awake through Binns he could stay awake through this. There were several options available. The Goblins could be given free reign with his very substantial assets, he could put limits on them by value of transaction before they had to seek his permission or they could manage his assets and pay him a fee. Hmmm. Perhaps a mix of these would be best. They were after all the experts. His position of strength was withdrawing his assets. Bonecrusher sat in his office looking at the Potter heir with grudging admiration. Manage the Potter accounts and get ten percent of all profits but pay fifty percent of all losses. Heir Potter keeps his trust vault as is and it is allotted fifty thousand galleons a year until he is twenty five, or the parties mutually agree to terminate management. Management couldn't sell any real property but he could lease it for no more than twenty years with Heir Potters consent. Heir Potter gets a medical check and any problems corrected and then leaves for the US. That put the Potter accounts in Bonecrusher's hands for ten years. He could easily tailor his plans to that. Yes this was doable. Not as good as he thought he would get but then who thought the child wizard would resist the hypnotism of the power point briefing? Plus when had a wizard ever read a contract and had the fine print enlarged and translated. Never, that was when. "Done." Harry smiled and signed then was whisked off to the Goblin Infirmary. TFS Hermione woke up and looked at her window. Hedwig sat there. She took the letter and gave the owl a scratch and an owl treat. She opened the letter and read, then read it again then read it one more time. "Language Harry." Hermione was a speed reader with ninety seven percent recall and she still thought she missed something in amongst the opening rant, the list of perceived wrongs, the recounting of all their adventures and the closing rant so she wandered to the kitchen reading it again then when finished put the letter on the table and turned the kettle on. Katherine Granger wandered in and picked up the parchment. "Does this boy always curse like a demented Color Sergeant?" Hermione shook her head "No something has him really upset." Roger Granger had now wandered in and read the parchment over his wife's shoulder "I can't imagine what. Being charged with a crime he didn't commit, and then getting a second offense, again unwarranted, and expelled for protecting his cousin. Is the boy Dudley really a 'fat useless blob of phlegm that the best part of ran down Aunt Petunia's leg'? Hermione blushed "That's his cousin. He abuses Harry and his miserable parents let him do it." Katherine Granger raised a brow and took out a notepad, she wrote a list and looked at Hermione "Troll? Basilisk? Werewolf? You were a hostage for this Viktor boy? A boy died!" She got up and went to the phone. Hermione sighed as she heard her mother arranging cover and appointments moved. "Damnit Harry." Hermione suppressed the urge to facepalm. Roger looked at Katherine's list and then at Hedwig who had appeared in the Kitchen window. He took a piece of paper and wrote a note and then strode over and attached it to the bird. Hedwig took off before Hermione could order her thoughts. "Daddy?" Roger smiled "OK so it really is bad. You only call me Daddy and do that Sailor Moon anime face when you're in trouble." Hermione slumped in a seat at the breakfast table. TFS Harry gasped choked and retched as the gillyweed wore off and he was dragged, a moment and a breath to late, from the glowing vat of noxious slime. The goblins laughed and turned the hoses on him. Forty minutes later he was back in Bonecrusher's office, dizzy, starving and dying of thirst. Food and drink appeared and Harry started wolfing it down and drinking his mouth empty so he could stuff more food in. Bonecrusher laughed uproariously. As soon as Harry finished he would see what kind of deal could be made to pull that abomination out of his head, should be worth a percentage point on the management fee both ways. TFS "Have you slept with him?" "What! No Mother!" "What the hell is wrong with you then? You are of age. You could get married in Scotland, where you live most of the year. Have your brains dribbled out your ears? Hermione Jane Granger you have a brain. He isn't shagging you senseless so what other excuse do you have for not using it. I just sat here and time lined out your now supposedly whole truth of your time in Hogwarts and then we walked back through what you know of Harry Potter's life. How can you not see he is being manipulated, probably by your headmaster and the Ministry is panting to get their hands on this allegedly immense wealth the Potters are sitting on when he dies? Estate taxes in this country are ridiculous, and even if he names an heir those worthless twats in the government will get their hands on a large part of his estate, I guarantee it. It's what government twats do! How can you not see he has saved you at least twice and it nearly killed him? That's not to mention him sitting by you while you were petrified telling you things Roger hasn't told me in eighteen years of marriage. How can you not see he is madly in love with you? I see it in every letter you write home. If I did some of the things to your father you have so blithely written about he would have me over his lap and spanked pink. Or is that your goal?" "Mother!" "Harry not only tolerates it but comes back for more. That is a boy in love Hermione! How is it that you haven't realized you are madly in love with him? You act just like a new wife, at least according to your letters and you broke his enemy's nose, with your fist! Is he ugly?" "Mother!" "Are you frigid?" Roger shook his head and stepped into the fray, this was getting out of hand. "This school hasn't been good for you Hermione. We had high hopes that among other children with magic you would blend better but it apparently has not happened although you do seem to have found a really good friend. You aren't going back there." Hermione's head snapped up and Roger held out his hands "There are other schools Hermione and the school name on the sheepskin isn't everything. We're going to take a break for a few minutes until Harry gets here and then we are all going to have a long, civil, talk. Now go take a walk or something and cool off." Hermione rose stiffly and went into the garden. Katherine had seen Hermione's terrified face. "She doesn't care about the diploma Roger. Hogwarts is where Harry is. I can't believe you haven't even snogged him Hermione. What can you be thinking? Frustration leads to violence you know that. Probably half of why you punched that little Malfoy twat." She looked after her daughter and shook her head. Roger sighed. TFS Harry finished wolfing down food, well not finished but he couldn't possibly stuff another bite in. Bonecrusher nodded "Now we need to discuss getting that soul fragment from behind that scar of yours Heir Potter, a procedure fraught with danger I'm afraid, but the last step of your treatment requires it. Now for say a percent less on the losses side and a percent more on the profits side I think we can undertake this." Harry sat for a moment and then laughed "Let me write a will and then we will speak about this." Bonecrusher didn't see a problem with this, the boy knew no one, so sent him to the inheritance department. An hour later he wanted to gouge out his eyes after reading the will. Hermione Jane Granger, Heir of Sir Roger Granger, VC, OBE and Her Majesty the Queen of England were his heirs in that order. Harry beamed at him "So how about fifty two percent of losses made good and the same ten percent of profits." Bonecrusher sighed; there was no way to get at the money now. If it had just been Granger that could have been done, messy but doable, with the Queen mentioned her notice would have already been posted and her account manager the Director would be breathing down his neck momentarily "I will agree to remove the soul fragment at our expense and the contract stays the same." They haggled some more and Harry got fifty one percent of losses made good. Harry grinned "Done." He followed a goblin away to the cursebreakers. TFS Fleur shook Harry's shoulder gently "We put it in a teddy bear Harry, what do you want us to do with the bear?" Harry turned his head and looked at the bear on the table beside him. Its black eyes bored straight into him "KILL IT WITH FIRE!" Fleur put her