56° 31′ 0″ N, 12° 5′ 0″ W wreck of the MV Vogtland Operation Sandcastle Harry looked at the lumpy, slimy barrel and Sergeant Major (Ret) Jones nodded "Those are the ones, haul out the rest Harry." UW The wards were big enough to cover the sites and still allow apparition or portkey in but not, out those were hard. Hermione had done yeomans work with Bill and Fleur on those. Now it was all ready and all over Britain the circles were set, Harry stepped into the middle of the circle and looked at his watch. His circle was the first. "Voldemort Voldemort Voldemort!" He apparated away, fired the reducto that activated the wards and detonated the wax covered blob of corrosion in the circle, he slipped on his cloak to watch from the upwind location. The snatcher team apparated in just as the cloud of tabun fully filled the ward enclosed space. They died screaming, shitting and pissing themselves in pools of vomit in less than a minute. It was impressive. Harry apparated to his next site. Nine hours later Harry appeared in the cave and collapsed exhausted. His last circle had gone empty. The elf doing the counting popped in right behind him and shook her head at Ron. Hermione looked at Ron "Well?" Ron shrugged "Four hundred if the counts correct. Toward the end it was mostly death eaters, one hundred seventy of them. Hard to tell which ones, seventeen silver mask though. Probably got all the new Aurors and MLE squads." Sergeant Major (Ret) Jones chuckled "Wonder if he will learn the lesson?" Hermione raised a brow "Who and what lesson?" SGM Jones smiled viciously "Riddle, and never reinforce failure." Hermione sighed, the Sergeant Major was a vicious, cold, bastard and this scheme to trap the snatchers and death eaters was just his opening move in what he had called his unrestricted warfare plan. Tomorrow they would drop the tabun on the giants, acromantula and werewolves in the forbidden forest as the team was out placing the last of the wardstones right now. Fred and Georges bombarda grenades worked, so it was just like the bombs were live. Even that proximity fuse part of the spell worked and they got great dispersal. Drop the bombs with a bombarda grenade in the fuze well and bobs your uncle everything dies, well, everything with a central nervous system. UWUWUWUW Tonks slid down Knockturn alley watchfully. She had already killed three hags, a werewolf and two death eaters and she was running low on ammo. These silenced M1911's were the bee's knees though. Unlike the 9 and 10mm's, 45 ACP was subsonic so there was barely a whisper, and no sonic crack from the bullet to give you away. More than a body length away and no one was the wiser as to why the head on that hag exploded, plus no magic to trip the ministry detectors. She set the last wardstone and apparated away. "All set Hermione, just needs activating." Tonks grabbed a cuppa and sat at the conference table. SGM Jones grinned "So day after tomorrow and we can take care of Knockturne and the mansions." Tonks smiled "So they got the wards on the death eater properties set?" Bill nodded "Amazingly easy actually, just walk the ward line setting the stones." "Shooting the occasional guard in the head." Charlie grinned; he loved the 1911's almost as much as Tonks. Gabrielle looked at Hermione's outraged face and snorted "You and your high moral tone Hermione, they are murderers, rapist and deviants. Go fuck Harry." Hermione's face shifted from pinched to scandalized "Gabrielle!" Gabby grinned "No? So you won't mind if I take a ride?" She began rising and the table laughed at the growl from Hermione as she bolted for Harry's room. Fleur tutted at Gabrielle "That was mean." Gabby was unrepentant "She needs to use her nights wisely and Harry needs babies." She gave a very Gallic shrug. Fleur rolled her eyes "If Molly finds out you are all using Harry to fill your little bellies you will regret it." Gabby smirked "A lapful of green eyed baby will distract her." Daphne Greengrass cleared her throat delicately "Yes Harry's standing schedule aside, the mansions dungeons are cleared out but how do we insure they don't get refilled in the next two days?" SGM Jones grunted "Dobby's crew will run them again when they snatch the non-death eater family members and the of age female death eaters but I think the other side has enough to keep them busy for now. More to the point I believe we should still use VX on the floo network." Cho rolled her eyes "We would never be able to decontaminate the thing Sergeant Major, we've been over this. Besides we will catch the vast majority at the mansions. I vote for rolling those two SADEYEs into Gringotts. The little bastards could have stopped Riddle cold but haven't done shit. How did they end up loaded with 138s filled with VX anyway?" The Sergeant Major shrugged "Some test, then stored in some warehouse, the R and D wienies probably thought they were inert, happens all the time. Same problem as the floo network though we would never get the money decontaminated. " Bill shrugged "Melt it down after or go in and place the wards on our vaults, then send in the Sadeyes. Save the artifacts that way. Couple of good fiendfire spells cast through the ward set should melt everything down given how much magic is in that building " the group ruminated quietly. UWUWUWUW Voldemort was in a frothing frenzy and the death eaters were paying a heavy price, those that were left. All of the new inner circle were dead. "Why have none of my newest most trusted returned?" Sergei sighed "Someone set traps my lord. Our reconnaissance elements found the locations the snatcher teams apparated to and discovered the teams all dead." Voldemort turned his red eyed gaze to Sergei, the mercenary, former spetznatz commander, gazed back calmly. Voldemort knew better than to curse him. The mercenaries under his command would be unreachable without him. It was an unwieldy arrangement but all the mercenaries would use as they had been burned by petty dictators time and again in Africa. It was also impossible to tell whether he was the actual commander of the mercenaries or a liaison. "How did they die?" Sergei grimaced "Not a mark on them, puddles of piss and vomit and they smelled like shit, vermin were feeding on the corpses so we think non-persistent nerve agent, G series non-persistent nerve agent probably." Voldemort shook his head "I don't know of this." Sergei thought a moment "Chemical warfare agent, like the first world war but much improved. Hard to come by, difficult to handle, hard to store." He shrugged. Voldemort blinked "Explain this to Rookwood, tell him how muggles use these agents and how they defend against them." Sergei nodded "Yes my Lord." Voldemort turned to the rest of the conference attendees "Get patrols out, find who set these traps, kill them." UWUWUWUW Harry grinned, rolled Hermione over, and snuggled into her from behind. He slipped into her again naturally and drifted off to a contented sleep. Hermione regained consciousness and found him asleep, hard as iron, buried in her and all snuggley like an octopus. She grinned. At first she had found this trait of sleeping with his hard cock buried in her disconcerting, until Tonks pointed out he was hard which meant he was excited about her and he was totally vulnerable like this. It was comforting he trusted them this much. Luna just liked it, she said it was centering. Hermione giggled, it was that. She drifted off knowing he would wake her up shagging her in a couple of hours. UWUWUWUW Harry watched Malfoy manor as absolutely nothing happened "Well that is much ado about nothing." He had dropped two bombs through the wards 45 minutes ago exactly as 22 teams of two did the same at manors all over England. Daphne chuckled and ran the slightly modified hominem revealo again. Nothing showed. "Damned effective, nothing though, killed them all. Just what are you planning on doing with the witches Harry?" Harrry shrugged "Selling them on in the caliphates I think." Daphne frowned "Some of them are pretty choice and fairly powerful Harry and we will have a lot of houses to refill." Harry shuddered "Sure I could bang them up Daphne but then we will have to take their babies away from them. I mean, look at the shit job they did with the kids they already had. We just killed a hundred of them. All over twelve and proven blood purist but still…." "Give them to me Harry I have an experiment I want to try." "Reeducation Daphne? We decided that wouldn't work I thought." "I'm going to obliviate them back to a point where they were still not set in blood purist mode and start over." "Daphne I'm not shagging a bunch of six-year-old girls, well mentally six, erh whatever…you know what I mean." Daphne chuckled "They won't be that way long and if it doesn't work we will sell them on Harry. Some of them we are selling immediately, Carrow for one, fucking bitch." Harry growled "If she lives through the gang rapes you mean. Rewarding the pure bloods with the girls of Hogwarts was unforgiveable. Every male we know is partying with that whore." Daphne leaned in and kissed Harry "Ha! You are all too soft hearted. The witches and I will take care of Carrow's punishment. Come on, take me home and bang me up." She really liked when hard Harry came out to play. Astoria and forty three other witches had had to be obliviated of a whole year, and she was going to get some payback. The pureblood males that had been the rapist were long dead, some in truly spectacular, racial memory inducing fashion, but Carrow who had set it all up was going to spend a year as a dick wiper in the cheapest mundane brothel they could find after the wizards got through with her, when Daphne wasn't burning parts of her off with acid. UWUWUWUW Voldemort used the minor deatheater to call the rest of minions again and leaned into it this time. There had to be more than 30 death eaters remaining, there simply had to be. Sergei waited patiently receiving the reports in his notebook. All of these "deatheaters" were the worst kind of scum but this one's shrill screaming was reaching respectable levels of annoyance. He huffed when the dark lord dropped his minion and it fell to the floor unmoving, dark mark smoking and crackling. "Report!" "Your inner circles manors, Knockturne alley, and segments of the Forbidden forest have been attacked with G agents. No survivors." Sergei spat out succinctly and then stoically maintained his rest position still watching the reports scroll across his pad. Voldemort barely stifled the urge to kill the Russian, the only thing that stopped him was the fact that the man was his only link to what remained of his forces other than the thirty abused deatheaters littering the floor of the Atrium where he had tortured them unconscious. The acromantula, giants and werewolves in the forbidden forest were gone. Apparently the flower of pure blood Britain was rotting meat. Knockturne was a pile of moldering corpses that used to be the scum of magical society and his shock troops. He thought deeply and then decided he would travel to Malfoy manor and see what he could discover. UWUWUWUWUW Harry meanwhile was looking at Gringots. He stepped on the bottom step, immediately the doors opened, and an elderly, but fit Goblin stepped out and addressed him "What would you have here Light Lord?" "Ah Director, I believe I would like to seize the assets of those I