Draco lay bleeding, burned, and torn. It dawned on him how little they really knew the muggles. The metal beast that had gotten him snorted and moved on, leaving the roaring of the airplanes and the brrrrrt of their cannon his only companions as he lay dying. Hard to tell which was worse really. It didn't really matter anymore though did it? They had gotten him this time. Same old story. Heat. The impacts of the high velocity rounds didn't break the shield individually. But when you were in the beaten zone of a medium machinegun, or god forbid a heavy machinegun, you were done for. The shield had only one place to dump the heat. Two rounds of fifty BMG or ten of 7.62 and woosh! So you dropped your shield, and some of those rounds inevitably hit you. You could apparate away though, and unless you were really unlucky, the healers fixed you up, normally in time to get back in the fight. Muggles laughed at killing curses, and took them on their plates or helmets, then shot you. In the face, if they had combat experience. Rune driven shields worked, until the stones melted under the assault of two or more heavy machineguns, or several individual weapons. Would you just look at all the things he knew now? It had taken years for the muggles to get to the level of turning their armies lose on the magical world, but when they did, yes when they did, it had gone from the glorious Pureblood Empire to fire, death, and destruction overnight. Oh a muggle with bandages. How pitiful. They didn't even have a healer with them. Holy Lilith this hurts. Wand is a cinder, can't even numb myself. Machineguns chattering. A lot. They must have run into father and his comrades. Potter of course. Leading the battle with nothing but killing curses. Faster than the machineguns. Armored head to toe. Crystal over his face even. Stalking around the battlefield flinging killing curses. The only other magic he used was to vanish whatever you took cover behind. Hahaha. Potter and killing curses. Not so golden now. Oh or torturing purebloods to death in the middle of Diagon. And broadcasting it live on the wireless and then having a whole paper of pictures of him skinning someone alive. That was what he did when he wasn't attacking somewhere. In retrospect killing Weaslette might have been a bad idea. He didn't act like this after Weasel went down fighting. The next day after Weaslette though he walked into Diagon with the Mudblood and snatched up the first death eater he saw and tortured them to death. Or the Mudblood did while he fired killing curses and shielded. Two years ago. Hard to believe. A death eater a day tortured to death in Diagon, and Potter laughing manically while they tried to stop it, and killing thousands. Potter's shields held up even against the Dark Lord, who had to withdraw after having hundreds of killing curses fired at him. Meanwhile of course the muggles raided the camps and took the mudbloods and blood traitors. Every day at seven a.m. Another Pureblood started dying. They never spoke. They just tortured the poor sod to death and killed. Oh that's why they bandaged me. I'll be tomorrow's entertainment. "Hahahahahaha." The medic shook her head "Figured it out then. Poor fucker. Oh well yours is not to reason why. Yours is just to die, horribly and all alone. This one is ready for transport Sarge." She dropped the portkey on him. Fifteen seconds later he swirled away Sergeant Isaiah Johnson nodded "Third building up on the right. One for the breeding pens Corporal Grimes said." Murphy grunted and shouldered her kit. She hated these. They were always superior bitches. She shrugged to settle her front plate. She was losing weight again. The plate wasn't staying tight on her boobs anymore. You could only eat so many MRE's though. She hopped to her feet in a crouch and watched Sergeant Johnson for the signal. When he waved she scampered across the street and got set, and when it was clear waved him forward. They leap frogged up the street. You could never let your guard down, or a mag would appear and you wouldn't be able to dump a magazine in him to keep him from frying you or some shit. Everyone was an expert at automatic weapons maintenance and fast magazine changes. None of that three round burst shit the devil dogs used either. The Army had battle pairs, so it was hold low and left, full auto, and dump the magazine, then change while your buddy gave them their whole magazine, until they went up in flames, or dropped their shield and got shot thirty times. Or a tank or brad ran over the fuck. That shit had been so funny yesterday. That tank came around the corner hauling ass, and that whole cluster of mag had portkeyed in right at the wrong place. Smeared them all over a hundred meters of road. The look on their faces. They couldn't aperate or portkey either because of the runes carved in the tank. That was the only time you could let your guard down. Within a hundred meters of an armored vehicle. The tankers didn't like people apperating onto their rides. "Shimmer!" Murphy dumped her magazine. The shimmer changed to a human form. Grimes took over from her. Sarge must have still been moving. He took over from Grimes so she laid for the head shot. The sparkling broke and she gave him a ten round burst right in the face. Well three in the face, seven, god knows where. Full auto wasn't easy. Fuck that bastard needed to learn about shampoo. Oh well, now where was this bitch? Harry stopped by the hole where the Ministry once was. Hermione stepped up beside him. Harry waved the shield up. She looked at him "Got the ferret." She tapped her earpiece. Harry didn't wear one. Harry smiled "That will be fun." Hermione nodded "And you wanted to go to Manchester." Harry chuckled "Russians up there. More fight in them than these fucks. Those islamist fucks were the best, but they didn't last. All that God is great, charge, shit. Like mowing a field really." "Flint didn't last long today." Hermione said nearly apologetically. Harry shrugged "Not your fault. Triple traumatic amputation. He didn't have much stamina. Noisy fuck though. Drew some senior eaters too. I like how you hit Dolohov with that Sectumsempra off hand while skinning Flint. That was pretty fucking hot." Hermione grinned at him "Thanks for leaving him screaming until Flint died. Come on we need to collect you today yet, and then I want some time. I still need to go by the pens too. This cohort is ready and I want to look at their charts. Having first refusal, it's important to get it done early, so the other girls can make their decisions." Harry nodded "Neville has a bunch of dementors in a slate pit. I need to go help him with that. They get squirrely when those mortar rounds start coating them in willy pete. Any word on the Goblins?" Hermione shrugged "VX, those M55s. Like the ICW." Harry sighed "You'd think everyone would have taken that lesson. The mundanes are going to freak again." Hermione nodded "Especially when we do the burrows in a hundred and twenty three countries simultaneously. The gnomes are ready though, so its time." Harry looked thoughtful. "I think we will give them an ultimatum. The weapons are in place and the detonation methods the twins worked out are secure. We've worked on it for years now. We can take a little more time." Hermione tsked at him "And you are supposed to be a soulless, heartless, monster, from the pits of hell. The worst Dark Lord in history. The guild is going to come take your card if they find out you are squeamish about genocide." "Hey, goblin chicks are hot. Have you seen those that defected to us?" Harry asked. Hermione huffed at him and he laughed and apparated them away. He was right though she knew, goblin chicks made her wet. Them fighting and fucking Harry was insane. Hostages her poor abused kitty! Randy bitches more like. Thank Circe, wait, what? She sighed. She was going bi again. Well she could take it out on a goblin. That blue haired one for preference. Harry could shag her straight again, well straightish. DLP Voldemort looked at the self-updating charts and graphs along with the map in the war room of his headquarters. Another thousand today. The Russians had been punished severely. Nothing like the days of the Caliphates soldiers, before they had withdrawn, but still a bad day for desultory action. No big pushes even. The spy's reports from yesterday's action still showed him at a ten to one loss rate. The enemy were mostly wounded too. His were killed or captured to be killed later, or bred now. He looked over at his breeding program reports and the seven pregnant witches being tracked. The Purebloods were simply not having it, and every time he got a breeding camp established it was raided. The witches in it turned on the guards at the first shot and ripped them to pieces with hands and teeth, not caring if they lived or died. That lesson had cost him nearly ten thousand fighters. Trying to round up muggleborn and half-bloods had cost him another ten thousand. Nearly a million now, as that is what had brought in the muggles and forced him behind wards. His skillful maneuvering and propaganda had brought the ICW in on his side, and Potter had gassed the ICW building. That had been the end of that. That had given him a vast pool of wizards to draw from though, and they had flocked to his cause to be thrown into the meat grinder that was Britain, and chewed to pieces. That flow had stopped now, with Potter ever expanding into other countries half-bloods and muggle born. Even the were's had joined Potter. The few that were left after the silver nitrate filled, hollow point, boat tail, bullets had appeared. A graze killed a were. Potter never asked for quarter, nor gave it, he never made a demand. He killed purebloods. Perhaps it had been a mistake convincing the purebloods they were the superior species. They were after all at most fifteen percent of the population and not all of them followed him. They had had the money though. Had being the operative word. The economy of the wizarding world was a shambles. Well except for the warded Potter, Black, Gryffindor, Slytherin, Longbottom, Bones, Greengrass, and Abbot properties. All the members of that unholy alliance really. They went on producing like it was a warm pleasant spring, not like it was the winter at Stalingrad. Ancient war wards brought up, and with no restrictions placed on them. Whoosh, five thousand troops immolated, before they had figured out the boundaries. Potter tied his troops and people to the wards and the ley line interstices those mighty strongholds were built on. Squibs as well. His mundane soldiers had armor that was bullet proof so even when they stole guns it didn't matter. The armor samples they had were ceramic. How was a ceramic bullet proof? Eight hundred thousand pure blood troops dead. He had attacked Potter to stop him killing Purebloods by torture, and had been humiliated. Aside from nearly being disembodied again. He had challenged Potter to single combat, and Potter had brought a medium machine gun and nearly immolated him, and then, when he dropped his shield he had had to dodge killing curses. The boy only cast killing curses. Oh sure other magic here and there, but if he was trying to kill you it was all green all