Leo was sitting outside by the lake. It has been already two months since he returned from Ogygia with Calypso and almost three months since the end of the war. A lot of things changed since then. Statues of the Seven plus Nico and Reyna were built in honor of them, also the Greeks and the Roman were now really tight. They would visit each other very often. Jason and Percy were the ambassadors of both camps. The gods were now a bit more open to the demigods than before. Considering how they were usual this was an improvement. Leo took out his wallet and looked at an old picture. It was a picture of Piper and him, just before the whole mist thing with Jason happened. He smiled at the picture. Back then it was just him and Piper. They were the Dynamic Duo always there for each other. He remembered the day when he met her. Leo was sitting alone at lunch again. He was just caught by the police last week and got send on the Wilderness School. Like always he didn't made any friends. Sure, he joked with some and because he was funny, people often didn't bullied him, but he knew that he couldn't keep his masquerade forever up. He bit in his food. Today it was some rancid meat with some beans. He grimaced as he saw the food. He wanted to take another bite, when he heard a voice. " Hey Loser, give me all your money." a evil and dumb voice said. He turned around and saw a huge muscular boy with blond hair. He looked like he couldn't even add up 1+1. And he had a really bad breath. " Brad." he said not showing any fear. "You want a piece from this hot boy?" he asked him grinning. Brad didn't looked amused and grabbed him. "Look Guy. You are giving me your money now or I will punch your brain out of your head." he threatened him. Normally people would be scared by this, but Leo had experienced much worse than this guy. He just grinned at him. " That's a good idea. You could then stuff my brain in your head, because you have no one." he said cheekily. Brad now looked furious. He then raised his fist. Leo already expected the fist to hit him, when he suddenly heard a voice. "Let him go!" Brad and Leo both turned around. Leo stared at the girl in front of them. She had choppy brown hair and kaleidoscopic eyes. And she was probably the most beautiful girl that Leo laid an eye on. " Sweetie, why are you risking your pretty face for this loser." Brad said smugly. Leo wanted to kick him in the guts in this moment. The girl glared at him. "I said LET HIM GO! AND GET AWAY FROM HIM!" she cried. Her voice was so intense that Leo really believed her. To his surprise Brad let go of him. "You are right." he said then he went away. People in the room where staring at them. After a while they went back to their usual conversations. The girl walked towards him. "You are alright?" she asked. Leo looked at the girl. She didn't have any pretty clothes on as if she was hiding her beauty, but she didn't succeeded in it. She still looked beautiful. He nodded. "Yeah, thanks by the way." The girl smiled at him. "No problems. I hate bullies like him. I am Piper by the way." she said. Leo shook her hand. "Leo." he said. The girl still smiled at him warmly which made Leo nervous. Nobody ever really smiled at him warmly. " Say, do you mind, if I join you at lunch?" she asked. Leo stared at her. This super pretty girl just asked him, not Brad, not Dylan, not some other hot boy, no him to sit at his table. " Yeah…of…of course." he said giving her a smiled. Piper beamed at him and sat down. They both talked and joked around for the rest of the lunch. Leo never felt so free around a person since the death of his mother. He knew that this was the start of a beautiful friendship. " Oh god, I can't believe you did that!" Piper said laughing. " You bet I did Pipes." Leo responded grinning at her. It has been a month now since the two of them met and they were closer than ever before. It was always the two of them, they were practically inseparable and and they even had their secret handshake. " Gods, Coach Hedge must be furious." Piper said wiping some tears away laughing. Leo just grinned. He had just pranked Coach Hedge by putting itching powder in his clothes. Coach Hedge than was for about an hour busy dancing around and scratching his neck. It was hilarious. Then he had manipulated Coach Hedge's megaphone so that every time he wanted to say something the sound of farting came out. This was even more hilarious. " Leo, you are a genius." Piper claimed. Leo tugged his shirt. "Well, you know what they say about me. I am a hot and awesome genius." he said smugly playing with his screwdriver. Piper rolled her eyes, but smiled nevertheless. "You know Leo. I'm glad that I met you." she said. Leo almost dropped his tool. He turned to her and just stared at her flabbergasted. After his mothers death nobody really cared for him and now Piper here said that she is glad that she met him. " Do…do you mean that?" he asked hesitantly. He expected her to laugh and say that this was just a joke or punch him and walk away laughing, but she just stared at him confused. "Of course, why would I not mean it?" she asked. Leo looked at his screwdriver. "Nobody ever said that to me." he whispered. "I…ever since my mother died nobody ever cared for me." Piper looked at him sadly. She knew that Leo had a tough past. She didn't knew th details, but she knew enough. She hugged him. "Don't worry Leo. I really meant it. You are the best friend anyone could have." she said. Leo smiled at her. He tried to fight the tears coming out of his eyes. "Thanks, Pipes." he said. Piper smiled at him. "No worries. Say can I tell you a secret?" she asked. Leo looked at her in surprise, but nodded. "Of course Piper. You can tell me anything." Piper beamed at him. She looked around to make sure nobody was there. "Well…you see…my father is Tristan McLean." she said. Leo blinked. "The famous actor" he asked her. Piper nodded, but she didn't looked very happy. " Cool." he said smiling at her. Piper looked at him surprised. "That's it? Cool? No, oh my god Piper, your dad is famous? Or your life must be wonderful?" she said. Leo laughed. "Pipes, just because I know now that your father is famous doesn't mean you are different than before. You are still the Piper I know." he said. Piper smiled at him. "Thanks, Leo. That means much to me." Leo grinned at her. "No problem Pipes. Say want to see if Coach Hedge is still busy with the itching powder?" he asked. Piper laughed. "Of course! Let's go! Last to be there is a lame person." she said running away. " Hey!" Leo cried laughing. "That's unfair!" he cried chasing her. Back then Leo thought that it would be always the two of them. But he shouldn't know that fate had another plan with them. Leo couldn't really sleep. He should have woken up Piper for her turn to guard them, but he didn't wanted to wake up. It has been a few hours since Leo had defeated the three cyclops. It was the first time since forever he willingly used his fire powers again. Leo looked at the bonfire in front of him. He couldn't help but somehow fear it. Fire has always been a part of his life. And it wasn't a good part. Fire was the thing that had killed his mom. Fire was the thing that ruined his life and ironically fire was his ability. " Leo, you are still awake?" a voice said to him. Leo turned around to see Piper looking at him worriedly. He didn't knew when the last time it was he had a real conversation with her. Ever since Jason appeared through the mist, he became the third wheel. " Oh hey Piper." he said lazily. Piper still looked at him worriedly. "You should have woke me up two hours ago." she said. Leo looked alarmed. He didn't wanted to tell her what the real reason was. "I guess I missed the time, Beauty Queen." he said. Piper didn't looked like as if she would believe him. "Leo." she said a bit threatening. " You know your hair looks messy. What would your mother say about that Beauty Queen?" he teased her trying to get away from the topic. But Piper didn't laughed. She instead crossed her arms and looked at him seriously. " What's wrong Leo?" she asked softly. Leo sighed. He didn't liked to talk about his feelings, but this was his best friend. " I couldn't sleep." he mumbled. Piper sat next to him. The bonfire crackled in the silence of the night. "Why?" " I…" he hesitated to tell the truth, but then spoke: "I had to think about my fire powers." he said. Piper gave him a look that said that she didn't understand. Leo sighed again. "I am dangerous, okay. My powers are a threat to everyone."he whispered. Piper looked at him in shock. She couldn't believe he would think so. "That is crap Leo and you know that. You are not dangerous and your fire powers are useful." she tried to comfort him, but Leo didn't listen to her. " Yes, they are dangerous! My mother died because I couldn't control my damn powers! And you remember what the prophecy said? The world shall fall in storm or fire. I am fire Piper! I am the one that will destroy everything!" he cried. His voice was trembling and his hands were shaking despite the fact that he was sitting beside the bonfire. Piper laid an hand on his shoulder. "Leo, you just saved us with your powers. The death from your mother was not your fault, but Gaia's and don't take the prophecy too serious. I am sure that it means something else." she said soothingly. " But what if it means that! God Pipes, I…I couldn't stand hurting you or Jason or the others in the camp. You are the only one beside Jason I still have and we don't know if Jason is even our friend." he cried now tears falling down his cheek. Piper bit into her lip. She didn't liked the fact that Jason was just an imaginary created by the mist. But she hated it even more to see her best friend so down. She hugged him tightly. " It will be okay Leo. Let it out." she said patting his back. Leo leaned his head against her chest as tears fell down his cheek. For the first time in forever he felt this close to his best friend again and felt great despite the fact that he was crying. He just hoped that this quest would end soon. Leo couldn't sleep that night. Well, he hadn't slept that much in the past few months and tonight was one of his sleepless nights again. He had to think about his short time on Ogygia. How he fell in love with the insufferable, but lovely and adorable Calypso and their kiss. For the first time Leo hadn't had the feeling that this was just a stupid crush on a girl