Set in an AU where Zoe Nightshade survived. So this is my first take on Zoleo :D For all the people who are confused why I ship those two: I and a friend of mine roleplay the two of them on a forum called the Assimilation Trials (it's totally cooool, you guys should check it out :D). And they are sooooo cute! We have rped them for over a year now :D Also here is your present Lola! I hope you will like it lil sis ;) I tried my best with it :p Leo never was lucky with girls. Even though he flirted around shamelessly, he simply was a total loser. Scrawny, smelling like oil and looking like a Santa elf, he was not exactly the type of boy girls wanted. It didn't help that he sometimes was a blushing mess around girls he really liked. The first one was Piper. Leo's fake memories always remembered her as a close friend and sister to him, but recently he got dreams that he had once dated her in Wilderness School and that he was totally in love with her. At first, he thought that was only some weird dream, but when Piper told him the same thing, he knew it was true. It didn't change their relationship. To Leo she was still a sister to him, but it was ironically how the first girl he ever got was taken away by him by his evil babysitter Tia aka Hera, the goddess of marriage. The second one was Drew. Truth to be told, that crush was only short, but damn was she hot. She had a perfect body and her face was so smooth. Also, did her voice charm him too much. But after seeing that she was way out of his league and that she treated Piper like scum, his crush quickly faded. Funnily enough they were good friends right now after Leo discovered that her bitchiness was nothing more than a mask to hide her sorrow. The third one was Khione. That girl was cold as hell and so unbelievable stunning. Leo really thought that she was a goddess (which she was) and he was in love again. But due to the fact that she threatened to kill him and his friends his crush also quickly faded. The forth one was Thalia. Never in his life Leo thought Jason had a sister. And then she was so hot. She had these cute freckles on her face that Leo immediately fell in love with despite the fact that she was a huntress. He of course tried to woo her as much as he could, but she would always ignore her. She was kick-ass and pretty, everything Leo liked in girls, but this crush faded too as he saw her less and less. They are on decent terms right now, he would even say good friends since they sometimes spent time together and prank someone (with Percy joining them). The fifth one was Reyna. Oh my god was she a beauty. It took Leo all his strength not to be a stuttering mess around her. She was regal, strong, beautiful and was totally kick-ass. Even though she mainly ignored him he simply fell in love with her and her cold, but still nice attitude. But this crush also faded since she kinda hated him for firing her city. She was now strangely one of his best friends after she came to Camp Half-Blood and talked to him about things (well not voluntarily, he was the only person around at night when he saw her sitting somewhere looking being stressed). He, Reyna and Nico (he kinda overheard the conversation and joined) were the ultimate kick-ass trio now. But he of course still also had Jason and Piper building with him the awesome-fun trio. The sixth one was Echo. Leo remembered how she desperately tried to free Narcissus from his curse. Leo felt sorry for the girl. She didn't deserved that arrogant bastard and she didn't deserved that curse. It was the first time that Leo didn't liked someone on the first look but came to like her because of her personality (well besides Piper of course). All the others were just puppy crushes, this time it felt like a real one. Sadly, he didn't get much time with her since she chose to stay and so this crush faded too. But after the war he remembered her again and freed her from her curse. This time she chose to come with him after realizing that Narcissus was a hopeless case. They are good friends today. The seventh one was Hazel and this one was really complicated. Leo thought she was cute but things got really weird when she told him that she did date his great-grandfather Sammy Valdez. Leo always felt there was something special about this girl. He was simply attracted to her and for the first time in history (well there was still Piper but that still felt surreal) a girl showed interest in him too. But to his dismay, she already had a boyfriend: Frank. Because of this situation, it became really awkward between those three before he landed on some lonely island where he met his 8th and final crush. After he left the island he didn't felt anything for Hazel anymore. Just brotherly feelings. Frank and Hazel were now two of his closest friends now and helped him with anything they could. His last crush was a certain sea goddess named Calypso and this girl was different than all the others. She was beautiful yes, maybe the most beautiful person he ever saw with her long white dress and her long caramel hair and her desirable face and body. But she was totally irritating him, screaming at him with no reason and insulting him. He immediately disliked her. But since he was stuck on the island he spent more and more time with her learning all about her and her secrets. In return he also told her something about himself which he didn't do a lot. Slowly they warmed up to each other till he had to leave the island because the raft came. It was that moment when Leo realized that Calypso had fallen for him. Him! The scrawny little Latino guy who was totally awkward around girls. He swore on the Styx to come back and when he did he couldn't be happier to see her again. She then even agreed to be his girlfriend. It was probably the happiest thing that happened to him in a long time now. With this girl, Leo really felt something. She was just so awesome: kick-ass, smart, sassy, funny and so beautiful. Leo didn't know how he deserved that girl. And their relationship lasted for months…well till 2 months ago. Despite Leo still finding Calypso awesome they started to argue about silly things. At first, it was just some small arguments, then they became bigger. And over time Leo realized that he didn't liked Calypso the way he should. It felt…not real. Instead she felt like a really good friend to him, probably his best friend. After they had a long talk with each other, they then decided to stay good friends with each other a broke up. There were some tears but in the end, they broke up on good terms and still spent a lot time together with each other. He yawned as he just got out from Bunker 9. He worked too much again. He was used to it, but sometimes Leo admitted that he could need some break. He then saw Calypso sitting together with his half-brother Raven and laughing at something he said. Leo smiled at this. The two of them really made a cute pair he admitted and he was already making plans how to bring them together. Till now Calypso rejected every single of his attempts even though he was charming, well-spoken and really nice. But she probably needed some time after their break up. He just wanted to walk to them when suddenly an arrow flew past him inches from him away and hit a tree next to him. He first stared at the arrow in bewilderment and then turned his head into the other direction. He wasn't surprised to see a huntress standing there. They were right now camping here for a while and they, of course, hated boys and were good at archery. Through Leo asked himself what the hell he did? "What the hell woman? You could have killed me!" Leo cried hotly as he glared at the girl. The girl had long brown hair which was tied into a braid and very regal looked, just like Reyna. Hell, with her cold stare and all, she could be Reyna's twin sister. "Good, one idiotic boy less in the world then." She simply said as she walked to the tree to pick up the arrow but Leo blocked her way. "Woah, woah, I haven't done anything to you! I simply was walking here around when you suddenly decided to kill me!" he cried offended at the fact that the girl wouldn't even apologize to him. The girl simply rolled her eyes. "That's called training boy and if I would have wanted to kill you, you would be dead by now. Now get out of the way, will you?" she asked. Leo simply glared at her. Damn, this girl was rude. "You could at least apologize to me." He muttered. "And I have a name. My name is Leo, but you can call me Captain Hot Stuff or the super-sized McShizzle." He said wriggling with his eyebrows. The girl wrinkled her nose at this in disgust. "So, you are the boy my half-sister has dated. No idea what she was thinking dating any of your kind, especially such an annoying and idiotic one." She told him as he tried to pass him. Leo looked offended at this. "Hey! I was the one who freed her from the island! Don't you tell me that I am idiotic!" he cried. But he was seriously surprised by the fact that Calypso had a half-sister here. As he just finished his sentence he got judo-flipped on the ground by that girl. He groaned in pain as he touched the ground. "You are still a boy and boys are scum." She sneered at him as she picked up the arrow. "But I guess I can thank you for saving my sister. I guess you are maybe not that bad as the other boys." She said as she walked away. Goddamn it what a woman. He already disliked her as he stood up and glared at her as she walked away. He didn't know that this would not be their last encounter. -LINE BREAK- Two days later Leo felt alone again. From time to time some of his friends would come to him and spent some times with him but right now it was couple time again and since he broke up with Calypso, he was alone. Even Nico now had Will and Reyna had Rachel now. He spent some time with Thalia till she had to go too. He sighed as he strolled around the camp when he saw the girl again who was practicing her archery skills. He first hesitated at her sight. What if she attacked him again? But Leo felt like this time she may be softer to him as he walked to her. "Training again I see and this time without a boy as an aim." He said grinning. The groaned at the voice of him and turned around. "You again Valdez? Don't you have anything else to do?" Leo shrugged at this. "Not really. Thought I was going to join you here." He said grinning. The girl simply rolled her eyes. "Just leave me alone." She muttered. Leo eyed her curiously. She didn't seem to have the same hate