Woooo, my first attempt on a Caleo one-shot (besides my terrible letter and my even worse start for a story XD). I tried to did my best here, so Nixie, enjoy it ;) "Leo, what are you doing there?" Leo turned around as he stared at his mama's face who was examining him, amused by his behavior. Leo then stared at the clock in his hand. It was a gift from his abuelo Sammy to his mama. She told him that it was broken for years now and Leo could see that his mom often was sad about it, so Leo decided to repair it, just to make her happy. He didn't know why but he always had a great talent for creating and repairing things. It was like he was born with a gift. "Here mama, I repaired this for you." He said giving her one of his typical grins. His mama stared at him in shock. At first Leo thought she might be angry, but then she smiled and hugged him. "Oh Leo, you are such a sweet boy. I can't believe you did this for me." She said kissing his cheek. Leo smiled at this. He loved to make his mama happy. She was the only one who really loved and cared about him and he would always try to make her happy no matter what. "I would do anything for you mama." He said with a small voice. His mama grinned at his words and gave him another hug. "You are something really special Leo. Don't you ever forget that." She whispered into his ears as she stroked his hair. Leo grinned at her compliment. That was what Leo always love about his mama. She always let him explore and do different kind of things without stopping him. Leo knew that other mothers would have freaked out if they saw their child playing with a hammer or any other tool, but not his. She always accepted him just like he was. His mama then broke up the hug and grinned at him. "Now as a special child, you of course need to learn a special language, right?" Leo blinked at this. He was not getting what she was saying. "A special language?" he asked innocently with his small voice. His mama laughed at this and a sound of music echoed through his ears. "Yes Leo, a special language." She said softly. "Your abuelo has taught me it long time ago and now I want you to learn it. This language can be very helpful." Leo grinned at this. "What is the name of this language?" he cried happily. At this his mother only smiled. "Morse Code." Her words made Leo confused since he never heard of such language before. "Morse Code?" Her mother chuckled again which made Leo even more confused. "How about I show it to you? Tap after me." She said when she suddenly started to tap on the ground. Leo eyed her movement very closely and then started to tap with her. At first, he failed to tap in the right rhythm, but then after a while he was in a flow tapping after his mother as they did it now simultaneously. Nothing could be heard in the room, only the quiet tapping of mother and son perfectly combined as the fingers were lifted up and down. "This is fun!" Leo said cheerfully as he did it now more quickly. His mama smiled at him. "I am glad that you like it. You see this little tapping we just did had a little message behind it." Leo looked at her curiously. Now he really wanted to know this secret language. "What is it?" he asked with his cute voice. His mama gave him a wide smile, a smile that cheered Leo up no matter how down he was. "It means: I love you." Leo stared at her as he tapped those words again. I love you. I love you. Leo grinned. He really loved the sound of the rhythm as echoed through his ears. I love you. He grinned and hugged his mama. "I love you mama." Leo looked at her to see her beaming at him with pride and love. "Oh, I love you too my little engineer." She said kissing his forehead and hugging him again. Leo smiled. As long as he lived, he would never forget those taps. He swore that to himself. -LINE BREAK- "You little bastard!" "Please, don't hurt me!" Leo cried as he hid behind the desk. In front of him was his abusive foster father who just caught him taking some food from the fridge. He had been starving for days now since the only thing he got from his foster father was from time to time some leftovers. Leo hated his life. Ever since his mother had died in that dreadful night, his life had been a living hell. His aunt abandoned him and every foster home he ever lived in was either terrible or he messed it up. This time he ended up being with an alcoholic man who only wanted the money for taking care of him. At first, he acted nice, but the minute Leo walked into his new house he dropped his mask, showing him the real monster behind the man. He never would let him out, have some fun or eat much. He would let him do all the dirty work in the household and abuse him if he didn't abide by the rules. He now was fearing for his life as the man grabbed him and dragged him across the room, through the door and was leading him into his worst nightmare: the punishment room. It was nothing more than a storeroom which was just big enough to stand in there. This was where he was always put in when he didn't behave the way he should have. "No, please don't." he said with tears in his eyes now but his foster father didn't care about his words and threw him in forcefully as he locked up the door. Leo groaned as his back hit the wall. He rubbed his back carefully and stared at the darkness in front of him. Dark and empty, just like his life. His body began to shake as he sat down and began to hug himself. For a while he was claustrophobic now, a symptom that followed due to the many times he had been put in this small room. "Just 3 more hours. Just 3 more hours." He whispered as he bobbed up and down on the cold floor. There was no heater in this room which was especially bad in winter as the temperature could drop down to 5 degree (I had to google that XD For people outside the US: It's -15 degree celcius :p) . "Just three more hours." He whispered again as his hands began to shake. He felt how his mind was losing control over his body as it was shaking in the darkness of the room. Despite that he managed to get some control over his hands and started tapping. He tapped: over and over again, like there was no ending to it. He tapped the same sentences continuously: I love you mom. I miss you. I love you mom. I miss you. His body was still shaken as hot tears ran down his cheek but the tapping was calming him down a bit. The tapping was one of the only things that Leo still had from his mother. He remembered the day when he learned Morse code, back when he really was happy. To many children, it probably would have only been a game, but to Leo this was a connection to his mom. Something he has learned from her, it was their language. And it was this language that made Leo still felt like his mom was still here even if it was only for short moments. I love you mom. I miss you. I love you mom. I miss you. He tapped again and again as those words were his only hope in the wide spread darkness of his life. I love you mom. I miss you. I love you mom. I miss you. He tapped again but now his hopes were distinguishing. He knew that this was hopeless. He would never get out of here again, he would never find love or seek for a job or have children. He would forever be trapped in this house with this madman. I love you mom. I miss you. I love you mom. I miss you. He tapped again as his hands began to shake more strongly again. Finally, he couldn't lift up his fingers anymore as he lost control over his movement. He wrapped his arms around his legs again as he began to shake furiously and the light that had been in his eyes slowly distinguished. I lo-lo he tried again before his hand finally dropped and he began to sob uncontrollably. -LINE BREAK- "Leo! Where the hell are you?" Piper cried as she was wandering around the camp searching for her best friend. She needed to find him because they needed to discuss over the coming trip to the Roman camp and also over Jason as she felt a bit insecure now and needed some advice from her best friend. "Where is this annoying son of Hephaestus now?" she muttered as she headed towards Bunker 9. Sunlight was dropping down on the flourishing meadow of the camp as birds began to sing as the sun rose. The clear blue color of the lake and sky complimented the scenery perfectly and was in any other case a wonderful view on the nature. But Piper had no time observing the landscape right now as she opened the door to the bunker. "Leo, are you in here?" she asked as she slowly stepping into the building. Dozens of tools and machines were placed around the bunker as she carefully walked along the floor and tried to avoid to get oil or dirt on any on her clothes. A great chaos was covering the whole room as shelves, the floor itself and other furniture almost disappeared in this mess of machines and tools. A smell of mechanical oil came up in her nose as she scrunched it. Yep, this was definitely a place Leo would love to stay in. She tiptoed over the floor as there was no visible path anymore that she could go along. As she finally could see some brighter light at the end of the floor she suddenly saw Leo who sitting on a revolving chair. She just wanted to call his name when she suddenly noticed his hands tapping on the desk. It was the same rhythm again and again, as if he was trying to put out a message for someone. She continued to observe him from behind as he continued to tap. He didn't even work on his project anymore as he looked way too tired, he only tapped. Piper frowned at this. She wondered when the last time it was Leo actually had decent sleep. She would talk to him about that later. "Leo?" Piper asked him as he flinched at her voice. He turned around slowly and stared at her eyes in surprise. Heavy eye circles decorated his face as he gave her a small smile. "Piper! I didn't see you here! So came to see your favorite boy?" he asked grinning. Piper frowned at this. She could see that something was wrong with him. "When was the last time you slept?" she asked crossing her arms. Leo blinked. "Enough." He muttered but Piper could straight see it was a lie as he didn't even look in her eyes. "Leo." She said warningly raising her voice and letting a little charmspeak flow. "Oh fine! I haven't slept in 3 days okay?!" he cried as he threw