PJATO is of Rick Riordan Confession of a frustrated love: 1. First Impression Leo walked by the pavement playing with Thalía, who accompanied him in his first day of school. When they were already near, Leo stopped joking with Thalía for an odd sensation, he felt like if he was being watched. Trying to find out the responsible, his sight met with the one of a tall blonde boy of blue eyes, a little beefy and… well, it was obvious that Leo immediately thought he was an attractive person, but it wasn't like if thinking that made him happy. -This year is full of surprises. -Thalía said taking him out of his thought. She took his hand while she also watched the blonde. Leo knew that that act had its own hided intention, but he didn't know Thalía enough to guess what it was. –I will wish a good year to the students of my favorite institution! The other man looked away. Leo watched him, even if the blonde wasn't frowning; he looked like if he was… Angry? But with who was he angry? Then the blonde, who walked quicker, (Leo remarked in his mind it was probably because of practicing sports), arrived to the enter and they lose track of him. Leo looked at his friend doubtful and pointed at the direction where the blonde ran away. –Do you know him? -No, I don't know him. -Thalía replied him with a smirk. –But he was the first student I catch you checking out. Leo blushed and proceed to walk to the building a little nervous, he had to concentrate on his next problem, not in the blonde… He looked up to watch the educative area where he was going to study. That was his first time in that place era, and not only in the school, but of the place in general. That place was isolated from society; it was like a city conformed by students, the richer had their own house and the other ones could conform to one of the room that where inside of the installations. He looked around trying to find the motive he was there, Piper le she was going to go with him in his first day. But even if he was trying to find her, she was nowhere to be seen. Thalía hit him on the back taking him out of his thought. -Come with me when you're out to eat something together, you will take me out. -Thalía said at his side passing an arm over his shoulders. –It's your commission for asking me to take your things to your room. Leo smiled, this girl wasn't so bad like she seem to be, and she was very friendly with him. -That's a deal. -Replied Leo clashing hands with her. He felt awesome with a friend like her at his side. -I will call you when I get out and you tell me where do you want to eat, okay? -It's a deal, repair boy. -Thalía replied before leaving. Yes, Thalía wasn't precisely his best friend, but she was paying his favor for helping her hunt her pray that summer. Before that, she listened that he wanted to change into that school because there was his best friend, and Thalía offered to do the paperwork. Leo gave the last look at his surrounding before entering. On the halls, many people watched him whispering to each other, and of course, he was notorious for not wearing the school uniform. Feeling uncomfortable he preferred to get distracted with something that would be a big problem. Where should he go? It was his first time he put a foot on the school and his classes would start quickly … it was there when he got distracted with someone. The girl he saw a girl struggling en carry a tower of books, she was cuter than beautiful and was obviously older than everyone, she had to be a young teacher. She was a little taller than him with her gold hair, her grey eyes and used to dress of formal black, with a calm expression that dominated her face. Even if probably she was a teacher that he won't like her sometime in the future, but it wasn't bad earning merits, was it? -Do you want me to help you, lady? -Asked Leo. She smiled to him with a sweet smile. -Thank you. -Said giving half of the tower of books to Leo and starting to walk. -Here. Are you new in here? -Yes, I am. -Leo replied; she seemed to be a good person, but he couldn't stop asking himself: Even if she was a beauty, what was he doing talking with a teacher in his first day and his first hour? -The students are really shy when they first arrive, but little by little they relax. -Yea. -Leo agreed with her while walking though the hall. He saw his best friend, Piper, who was talking lively with the morning's blonde. When she saw him, she was surprised and with his sight, Piper knew Leo couldn't talk with her in that moment. Leo looked again at who he assumed was a teacher. –In fact, this is my first day. -Have you already talked things with your homeroom teacher? -She asked and Leo stayed still. He had sent some messages to the director, but Thalía was the one in charge. -That sounds like a no, well, I'm sure she will call for you.-The teacher laughed.- Are you here for someone in particular? -That's it. -Leo smiled back. –I'm here because of my best friend, her name is Pipes. She processed it a Little with a smile returning to her; it seemed she already knew who she was. -McLean, a wonderful student moved by love. Leo didn't understood what she said, but he waited it wasn't what he was thinking. Shortly after, they arrived to their destiny, a big clean classroom with a lot of students that stopped to say 'Hello' or 'Good morning' to the teacher. They got in and leaved the books on the desk, winning sights by many. -Thanks for having helped me, Leo. And also pardon me for haven't presented myself. I am Miss Clara, I teach languages, spanish precisely. Leo stood while she turned with the class. How did she know his name? Wasn't he just meeting her? -… For her class, Miss Scarlett wants everyone to be prepared! –Yelled her, making use of her dominating voice that characterized like a teacher. One of her students got near her complaining of the absence of the responsible teacher, but Miss Clara put her best smile giving an excuse for her female friend calming the student. -Do you know where your classroom is? -The teacher understood what Leo was referring when he blushed, and she took a little paper of her bag examine it, and smiled. -This is your homeroom. -I-is that so? -Leo asked embarrassed; he hoped that people that had seen him so friendly with their teacher hadn't been his classmates. -Are you afraid for listening how Miss Scarlett is? Don't worry about it, Miss Scarlett is very gentle; you can always trust her. And well, if you feel better coming with me… Leo smiled to her, and was almost replying when a head se settled over his shoulder. -Buh! Did you get fun without me? -There was Piper. Leo looked at her and she moved away to stand normally. –There are some people that can't stop watching you. After greeting the teacher, both walked to Piper's place. -This if the first time you see me in four months and the first thing you say is 'buh'- Leo recalled hugging her. It was confortable meeting again, especially when he had been so lost.- And what happened with the people that were with you? -He had to talk to the daughter of the principal, she proclaims herself to be a director, so everyone calls her like that. -Replied Piper in the hug. –And I said many people were watching you. -They were looking at you and your new bodyguard, Beauty Queen. -Don't call me like that. -Said and broke the hug to look at him excited. -I want you to meet someone special! -Leo,- The teacher Clara called distracting him.- The director has called you. I will guide you to her office. -I'm warning you, this school doesn't function like the others, Leo. Leaving Piper, Miss Clara and him walked until they arrived outside of the director's office, listening voices inside as they walked, they stopped before entering. Leo peeped and saw that the same boy that was in the morning sitting on front of the director. Leo studied him all over again thinking how he would never be tired of study the boy and was a little bothered on how he was the stereotype of any perfect partner for any woman. Yes, he was talking about the blonde boy that was sitting on front of the desktop chatting with the female director. Leo frowned; he would probably hate him after knowing him. The director was a young woman of the same age of teacher Clara. She had long light hair with green dark eyes, at her sides was a boy and a girl lying to the wall, both had the same aura of the director. But the girl that was at her right had a sarcastic expression and the one at her left had that of a seducer. Leo sighted, so that was what Thalía said would be a year full of surprises, yes, it would be a long year. Miss Clara only whispered: "Good luck." Before leaving. -Come in.- Ordered the director. The blonde said something lowering his voice to the director and she gave him an ironic sight in return. -I have to talk to him, Jason. -This is the new boy? -Asked the seducer boy licking his lips while watching Leo rudely up and down. -Mitchell, Lacy. It's class's time. -The director drew out the two students that were at her side. They both leaved obeying her while grumbling. Jason, who hadn't stopped looking at him while he was sited, finally stood and sent an angry sight to Leo when he passed at his side. For some reason Leo knew there would be a lot of problems surrounding that Jason. … The female director had told him a lot of things: That day was only for watching. That she would be his homeroom teacher together with Clara. To try that no one watch him spying the class. She asked him to find a letter that she had leaved behind on the deep of the garden in a place called "a scenic viewpoint" or a " Mirador " in spanish and if he didn't know where it was he could ask the two students that were at her side in the morning or Jason, the boy that was sitting there when Leo arrived. Leo leaved and went to where his homeroom would be. He watched the class and saw how they were… normal, even a little boring. Okay, noted: someone needed to give them some fun. Piper was behind the boy called Jason, that even if he looked like the ones who would be sited on the end of the class, was in the front at the side of a stern dark-haired girl at his left and a boy that the teacher couldn't stop yelling "Dakota!" at his right. The class passed and gym class started. Leo stayed playing with his tolos the with a ball when they started to play basketball, he stayed thinking on how could he modify the ball, the basket, and the same court in a game to win. He looked that everyone had good condition, but the best of them all was Jason, he thought that when a girl interrupted. She was the girl that was in the office that morning, Lacy, she came now