So, I know in the epilogue of my last story I said that this would likely take a week to put up because I hadn't decided on the direction I was going to go for my next story. That was becuase I had two different ideas with the first couple of chapters complete, but on Friday I decided which one I was going to go with, so, I tinkered around with the first chapter of the 'winner' since I had written them a long time ago and here it is. If you're new to my stories, welcome, and thanks for checking out my first attempt at a JacobOC story. Obviously, it's AU since Jacob will not be imprinting on Reneseme and the story begins near the beginning of 'Eclipse.' I hope you like the first chapter, and as always, please let me know what you think! Disclaimer: I own nothing associated with Twilight. Chapter One The plane ride from southern California to Seattle had been rather uneventful and like every other flight I had taken over the course of my existence, but the small twin engine plane ride from Seattle to the tiny town of Port Angeles had been another experience all together. I was usually perfectly fine when flying but sitting there with five other people on that tiny cramped plane was something I never wanted to do ever again. I had to fight the urge to kiss the ground as I clamored off the plane with my fellow passengers and I adjusted the strap of my black leather travel bag on my right shoulder. Other than my laptop, iPod, and a couple of changes of clothes, all my other possessions had already been packed and shipped to Forks earlier in the week. My mother's cousin, a man named Charlie Swan, was now my legal guardian; and in all honesty I was surprised the man actually agreed to take me in after social services contacted him. I didn't even know that my mother had any sort of family left in the world since she was an only child and my maternal grandparents had both died when I was a little girl. I had never met my father, hell, I didn't even know the man's name, and Mom had left that line conveniently blank on my birth certificate. I'd been in foster care for the last eight months while social services checked into my maternal grandmother's sister who had lived in Washington state to see if she had had any children or other family in the area. In those eight months I had lived a surprisingly comfortable life with a nice family in San Diego. Sure, it really wasn't the same as life had been with Mom in our small house near the ocean, but it certainly wasn't anything like the horror stories that were out there about the foster care system. I looked around the small airport, not really sure what I was looking for until I saw a man with short black hair and a mustache looking right at me. He was dressed in well-worn jeans and a green and white flannel jacket over a black t-shirt, and he was standing next to, of all things, a police cruiser. I knew that Charlie was the Chief of Police in Forks, but I certainly hadn't expected him to pick me up in his cruiser, but the way my life was going lately I really needed to learn to expect the unexpected. I gave him an uncertain smile before I started to make my way over to him, shivering a bit as I went when a cool breeze hit me. I realized then that in my cap sleeve dark purple top and knee length flowing black skirt I was a little underdressed given the weather in Port Angeles. It had been almost eighty degrees in San Diego when I got on the plane this morning and it hadn't been that chilly in Seattle when I switched planes to head to Port Angeles. Obviously, the weather in the very upper northwest corner of the country was going to take some getting used to. It was the middle of May and it felt like it was the middle of December back home, and the slight drizzly mist in the air was not doing my naturally curly shoulder blade length hair any favors. Obviously, living in southern California for the last two and a half years had made me soft. Hopefully as the summer wore on it would get warmer around here because the summer was going to suck if it was always cool and rainy. "Charlie?" I asked as when I stopped walking about five feet in front of the man and he nodded as he gave me a small smile. "Yeah," he said as he pulled his hands from his pockets, "and you're Aurora," he said more than asked and I nodded my head before I tucked a few strands of my shoulder blade length dark brown hair behind my ears. He cleared his throat awkwardly before he looked towards the plane. "Do you have any other bags?" he asked, his brown eyes settling back with my blue. "No," I said before I tapped my bag resting at my hip. "Just this. All my other things were already shipped." "All right," he said as he pulled out a set of keys from his right front pocket. "Let's get going then." I nodded and walked around the front of the car and climbed into the passenger seat, mindful of my skirt, and sat my bag in my lap while Charlie started the car. I quietly thanked him when he turned the heat on low and he nodded his head before we started the hour drive to Forks. It was quiet at first in the car, Charlie not knowing what to say and I was pretty much just taking in all the green that surrounded me as we left Port Angeles and drove down the practically deserted two lane road towards Forks. I had never seen so many different yet similar shades of green with splashes of brown before in my life. I had grown up in upstate New York with my mom, but we had moved to southern California almost three years ago because Mom's job had transferred her to their main office in San Diego. Southern California certainly had a lot of beautiful sights to offer, but surprisingly I found the lushness of Washington state much more appealing. "You know," Charlie said and I looked at him, "the last time I saw your mother, she was just a little bit younger than you. If your hair was a shade or two lighter and your eyes green, you'd look just like her when she was your age." I smiled because I'd been told a few times that I looked like my mother by her friends and people she worked with, I never really saw it, but if Charlie was saying it I figured it must be true since he'd known mom when she was around my age. I voiced my thoughts and Charlie chuckled as he shifted in his seat a little bit, and I once again tucked my hair behind my ears. "I know things might be a little awkward, Charlie, with me around but I'll do my best to stay out of the way," I said and he glanced at me again. "I'm . . . I'm not worried about you getting in the way, Aurora. You won't be in the way," he said with a slight frown on his face. "I'm more worried about you in general. You lost your mother and now you're going to be living with people who are virtual strangers to you." "I lived with virtual strangers for the last eight months, Charlie, and I survived just fine," I threw in, trying to ease his worry for me, and he shot me a small grin. "Maybe, but you weren't living in a small town that is about as far from what you're used to as you can get, and away . . . away from your mother." I took a deep breath and slowly let it out before I spoke. "I'm actually looking forward to living here, Charlie," I said, and I wasn't lying. I really was looking forward to living in the small quiet town that was thousands of miles away from anything and everything that reminded me of my mother. I'd been doing my best for the last couple of months to make it seem like I moved on, but when something reminded me of her it became almost impossible for me to maintain the smile I put on for the world. "You don't have to worry about me, I'll be fine." I tried to sound reassuring, and it seemed like Charlie actually believed me. Apparently, my acting skills had improved. "Still, I want you to know that if you ever need anything or you need to talk, you can come to me," he said. "I may not be the best conversationalist, but I'm a good listener; or so I've been told." I laughed lightly at that and nodded my head as my right hand found its way to the charm that rested on the platinum chain around my neck. The small platinum star with a tiny round ruby in the center had been one of the gifts Mom had given me for my sixteenth birthday and ever since the accident I never took it off anymore. "I'll keep that in mind," I said and he smiled at me before he returned his eyes to the road. "We put up your furniture in your room for you," Charlie said after a beat, "and Bella's friend, Alice, is convinced that you'll like the way we set it up. Alice has an eye for that kind of stuff and I wanted to make sure you had a room ready and waiting for you, so, she helped me put it together for you. Alice and Bella even unpacked your things and put everything a way for you when Bella got back from visiting her mother in Florida last Sunday. I hope you don't mind that they did that." "I don't. That was really nice of them," I said as I lowered my hand. While I thought it odd that they did that for me, I was grateful. Especially since I started classes at Forks High School on Monday and I could relax the rest of that Saturday and Sunday without worrying about getting everything unpacked and situated before then. Going to school was really the only thing I wasn't looking forward to because there was only a month left in the school year. I knew that since the town and the school was so small my arrival was probably already well known, which was why I was slightly nervous. "Alice is a nice girl and Bella spends a lot of time with her and her family," he said as he nodded his head, but the slight inflection in his voice told me he wasn't all that happy about that fact. If he liked Alice so much, I wasn't sure why he wasn't happy that Bella spent a lot of time with them; but I wasn't about to question him about it. "We just wanted to make sure that you were comfortable and feel at home since this is your home now." "Thank you, Charlie," I said softly and he glanced at me. "There's nothing to thank me for, Aurora," he said. "After all, you're family." Charlie's house was a nice two-story house and it had a very comfortable homey feel to it that enveloped me the second I stepped inside, and I was surprised to see people standing in the living room, seemingly waiting for us. I knew that the girl with the long dark hair and brown eyes had to be Charlie's daughter, Bella, she