I crossed the school parking lot to my ancient truck, vaguely aware of the silver Volvo in the corner of my eye and unnaturally beautiful boy that leant against it. 'Leeches' my boyfriend – Jacob – had called him and his family. 'Bloodsuckers' . Vampires. I shuddered knowing I was in close proximity to such a monster. It was probably slightly hypocritical of me, what with Jacob being a werewolf, but Jacob was only that way to protect people from the vampires. He didn't have to drink something's blood to survive. I knew he was staring at me which meant only one thing. Edward Cullen knew that I knew . I wasn't even supposed to know about Jacob, which had only occurred because during an argument he'd suddenly erupted into a huge dog and had destroyed half my bedroom furniture in the process. Once I'd taken a step into Jacob's world I was introduced to the truth that I shared a town and a school with vampires too. Jacob had assured me that due to a treaty between the two species in our town, the Cullens couldn't lay a hand on anyone, although apparently they didn't do that anyway. They were 'different'. I just hoped that they wouldn't try to silence me in case I leaked their secret. I wasn't that stupid. I continued towards my truck, staring straight ahead, afraid that if I turned my head an inch in his direction then he would act. That would no doubt lead to a blow up between the two species and of course be all my fault. As I reached the door of my truck I couldn't help but sneak a glance in his direction. He stared back at me, his expression fierce. "Can I help you, Isabella?" He called across. Ugh. He even used my least preferred name. I saw him take a step forward and threw myself in my truck, slamming the door shut and bringing the vehicle to life as quickly as I could. I was halfway home before I dared look in my mirrors. I had goosebumps all up my arms. xox "Do you have a death wish?" Jacob cried as we walked towards La Push beach. "Why would you aggravate him knowing full well I can't protect you there?" "I thought you said they couldn't do anything?" I shrugged, slipping my hand into Jacob's. I could see the other boys from Jacob's pack up ahead, throwing one another in the sea. "That's not the point, Bells." Jacob sighed. "Just promise me you won't do that again." He turned to look at me, his face serious. "I promise!" I said eventually, although I already knew I was never going to do that again. In truth, Edward Cullen scared the crap out of me. My eyes latched onto Paul, the second oldest member of the pack. He had his arm draped over the shoulders of a familiar looking girl. "Erm, Jake?" I said, my tone confused. "Yeah?" He responded casually, playing with my fingers in his hand. "Is that your sister, Rachel, with Paul over there?" I felt Jacob suddenly tense up. He dropped my hand and coughed awkwardly. "Um, yep. That's Rachel." I cocked my head to one side and studied the two of them. Paul stared at her as though he'd never seen a woman before. In fact, he stared at her as though he'd never seen anything before. "Since when was she dating Paul?" My mind wandered back to the last time Rachel had come home for the holidays. I vaguely remembered her being agitated by all of Jacob's friends cluttering up the small house she'd once shared with Jacob and their father. She hadn't known about the secret then either. "Since this morning." Jacob mumbled. Perhaps he felt awkward about having Paul as his brother in more ways than one now? "This morning?" My mouth fell open. "And they're already like this?" The pair of them couldn't seem to keep their eyes off one another. "Guess so." Jacob shrugged but he wouldn't make eye contact with me. "What's up?" I stopped us from walking and wrapped my arms around his waist. He deliberated for a moment. "It's just annoying having Paul date my sister, what with the wolf telepathy and all. It's kind of gross actually." Jacob became more relaxed and gave me a small smile. "Although I'm sure I've given him my fair share of us ." "That's so embarrassing." I blushed and rolled my eyes. The wolf telepathy definitely made things awkward when you were in a relationship with one of the wolves. Jacob and I hadn't exactly taken our relationship to that level, but that didn't mean I felt any easier about the other boys seeing the things we had done. The first time Jacob had gotten his hands under my top I didn't hear the end of it for two weeks from Quil and Embry. Needless to say I'd shown my face as little as possible in La Push during that time. "Not as bad as seeing your sister half undressed in one of Paul's fantasies." Jacob exclaimed, shaking his head as if he was trying to erase the thought completely. "I hope I never have to see that again." "It's odd though," I said thoughtfully. "I never pictured Paul and Rachel to go for one another." Jacob coughed awkwardly. "Hey look, here's Seth!" I frowned at Jacob's lack of interest on the matter but shook it off as a gangly teenage boy hurried towards us, a grin plastered across his russet face. "Jake! Bella!" He said happily once he'd reached us. I was about to give him a hug until I realised he was soaking wet. "What happened to you, Seth?" I smirked, gesturing to his wet shorts. None of these boys ever wore tops. Once they became wolves and developed ridiculous abs it was as though their wolf contract stated that wearing a shirt was forbidden. "Quil threw me in!" He shrugged, still smiling. "Leah's over there if you want to go and say hi." Seth turned and pointed in the direction of his sister who was lying on the sand. "Sure." I gave Jacob's hand a squeeze and jogged towards Leah Clearwater. She, Emily and I were the only girls within the pack, although Leah was actually a werewolf herself. We'd always had an ok relationship but I'd never understood her hate for Emily, Sam's fiancé. In my eyes Emily was one of the loveliest people I'd ever met, I couldn't imagine what she could have done to make Leah think otherwise. "Hey, Leah!" I said, sliding onto the sand beside her. She looked up and forced out a smile. "Hi, Bella." I watched how she glared in Paul and Rachel's direction. Was Leah jealous? I'd certainly never pinned her as liking Paul either... "Don't approve of those two?" I nudged her, hoping for answers. "Jake told me they only became an item this morning." "Ugh." Leah said, her face disgusted. "It makes me sick." "I guess they are going a bit overboard on the whole public display of affection thing." I felt my own face scrunch up as Paul shoved his tongue down Rachel's throat. "Gross." "Not that." Leah sighed. "Then what?" I asked. "Surely you don't have a thing for him...or her?" Leah laughed once without humour. "Hell no. But he's not himself any more; from now on he won't be the same. It's always the way." "I'm not sure I understand." She had completely lost me. Of course every teenager knew someone that had ditched their friends because of a new girlfriend, but Paul was tied to his pack, he quite literally couldn't ditch them. "Sam was just the same," Leah sighed, almost as if she hadn't heard me. "They find her and no one else is good enough for them anymore." "I really don't think there's a competition, Leah, I mean you guys are all like family. Rachel's just a part of the family now too, just as I was when I found out what Jacob was." Leah suddenly turned to look at me with sad eyes. She opened her mouth as if she was going to speak and then shut it again. "I just wouldn't wish what happened to me on anyone else." She patted my arm and got up and left. I stared after her, still trying to figure out what she meant. I knew Leah had taken becoming a wolf badly, but I didn't realise she hated it that much. xox I entered my science classroom looking at my feet. While I'd been aggravating Edward Cullen in the car park I hadn't considered the fact that I had to sit next to him in one of my lessons. At least a classroom was too public a place for him to kill me, although from what I'd heard, he was fast. Really fast. He could probably wipe out the rest of the classroom in a matter of seconds. As I passed the fan in the corner of the room my hair flew wildly across my face, spurring laughter from the rest of my classmates. Although I could ignore them, I couldn't help but notice Edward clinging to our shared desk with all his strength, his face disgusted as if I was a bad smell. Fabulous. So I either smelt so bad he couldn't think of anything worse than killing me, or he really did want to kill me. I slid into the seat beside him, desperately trying to pretend that I hadn't noticed his initial reaction. "What is your problem?" I hissed. "Why do you care?" He snapped back at me. He shuffled his chair a few inches further away from mine and opened his text book. I didn't care; I just thought he was being downright rude. If he was meant to be going for the whole 'human' approach on life then he wasn't exactly doing a good job of it, although I did sniff my hair when he wasn't looking, just in case I really did smell. Before our teacher had even told us what we were meant to be doing, Edward had already turned onto a page and began copying as if he had some prior knowledge that the rest of us didn't. Sure enough, when the work was eventually set, Edward had been right. I frowned. Maybe vampires were cleverer than Jake thought. I scanned the room while chewing my pen, thinking about how oblivious the rest of the pupils were to the fact that they were sharing a classroom with a monster, or the fact that I was sitting right next to it. Even I was still struggling to come to terms with everything Jacob had told me. "What are you thinking?" Edward said suddenly, his face softer this time. My jaw dropped. Even though every bone in my body hated him, I couldn't deny the fact that he was beautiful . "What's that supposed to mean?" I grumbled, turning my attention back to my work. The last thing I needed was my teacher coming over and comparing my three sentences to Edward's three pages worth. "I don't understand you," He said. "Like the other day when you were looking at me in the parking lot. What were you thinking then?" I felt my cheeks blush profusely. "I wasn't looking at you." "Sure!" Edward snorted. "I know what you are," I snapped at him, hoping it might frighten him off, but his face remained calm. "So don't push your luck." "I know." He said quietly and started scribbling again. This was the weirdest exchange. Edward was just like talking to an infuriating, immature teenage boy. Why did he have to appear so human when deep down he was something so vile and inhumane? And why was I allowing myself to get so sucked in? "What and you don't care?" I raised my eyebrows, wanting to seem