Preface: "Aro's Memoria" "Memory is a beautiful thing, is it not? Yet how blind the natural mind—even the preter natural mind—is to the full exquisiteness of the thing. It must be like viewing a single plane, only one glassy facet, of the most flawless diamond. Not that I would know. For I am gifted, and my gift fully realized to the extent of its potential. I can turn around a memory to view it from all the perfectly-recalled angles of my experience. Then, I can view it from a fresh viewpoint, from the mind of any that might have born witness to the event. Ah, the unexpected facets and the way the light of memory reflects and refracts through them! It is truly exquisite. Exquisite for some memories, painful for others—Oh, but even then, it is an exceptional pain, is it not? I would not do without it! No, not for one moment of regret, not for one moment of piercing betrayal, of heart-wrenching torture. Not even for that one, that one . . . memory . . . I have viewed it from all angles, that one moment. I still fail to comprehend it. Why was I struck nearly dumb by that man's mind? What was that indescribable sensation that stole through my soulless being? Even now, how intrigued I am by him, how very fascinated. Even after all that has come to pass, I remain so. Melancholy! Every time I begin twisting the kaleidoscopic lens of memory towards those days, I fall into such a mood. What is this loss, this regret? How could that man cause such a feeling in me, even now ? Carlisle, dear Carlisle Cullen . . ." 1. Fate Is The Reward Of A Discerning Eye [Aro's POV] Haze clouds a human being's memory, unbalances the scales of pleasure versus pain. The worst recollections can become cherished under the right circumstances. Details fade, events, words, faces warp, and, to salve old wounds, the mind slowly melts ugliness into beauty. Life is beautiful! Love is perfect! My life was worth living! Understandable sentiments coming from such short-lived beings. When you have a scant few decades of life to live, how can you not trump up overblown meaning and beauty to glorify it? When the end is death, how can you not try to justify the slow, grinding, limited means that brings one there? I speak of life, of course, mortal life—What a means, to such a pointless end! It is a luxury I admit has its uses, but not one I can afford. It is one of the many prices (all worth it) I pay for a life eternal. Thus, when I bring his face back to light, on a night some hundreds of years past, I can see it there before me exactly as it was: every graceful line and curvature of his softly handsome face, every flicker of light that played across his curiously golden eyes, every crease of his expression and every emotion it betrayed. The world was larger then, grander. There was no cynicism about beauty, no restraint in the lushness of art, no shame in decadence. The last of the worthwhile centuries, alas! Immaculately-coiffed, freshly powdered, and decorated in garments of silk and lace, intricately elaborate, the nobles glowed in the tender orange light of the dozens of candles. I wonder if humans, with their insufficient vision, appreciate the way I did the graceful diffusion of the fire's spectrum illuminating all with a wan, unsteady force? It was a lovely contrast, against the rest of the encroaching darkness in a world unexposed by the vulgar electric lighting that would come later. The darkness huddled people closer together, haunted their sky-cast eyes, made them dream in loneliness . . . or, rather, dream against loneliness. Marcus, Caius, and I were out from evening onward, as was our wont, searching languidly for whatever may come our way: particularly delectable food, an interesting vampire, an ill-fated offender to put to trial, even a promising human prospect for immortality. Marcus, poor man, never had much interest in anything since the loss of his mate (such a tragic end I was forced to bring upon my poor sister!), and Caius was in a foul mood. I, however, lost myself many a night in the arts. These were, mind you, true arts, treasures that would be esteemed for centuries thereafter. Those I did not accumulate physically, such as jewelry and paintings, I accumulated in my memory. None on this Earth holds an equal gallery of memories: performances of the stage able to sweep you into the very soul of the script, symphonies crafted rather than simply played, the sight of a master painter setting his model to the canvas, the manic genius glimmering in the eyes of a pianist setting down the notes of his next piece; every sound (a brush wetly spreading its paint, a chest-deep cry from a lead actress in the throes of imagined misery, the tense, tentative hold of a note on violin strings), every smell (intoxicating rich oils, dusty chalks, the scent of a tear tracing down a powdered cheek), every touch, all as vibrant and exact as the moment of experience. That night, it was the opera. Being less than two hundred years old, I held this form of expression to be quite modern still, and I had, by that time, fallen in love with it. It was amazing to see the power of a symphony set to a tangible story, underscored by the sound of voice and word. At first, I thought the play aspect juxtaposed with the symphonic aspect would diminish the subtleties of both, but I soon found they complimented and even enhanced one another. I sat in the balcony, but apart from Marcus and Caius. Through touch, I had read their opinions on this particular opera before, and knew these thoughts were not particularly insightful or interesting. With my preternatural abilities, it was possible to both watch the performance unhindered while still scanning the crowd. On this night, I wished for new company, a fresh mind to unfold into mine. It had become a game of sorts to me, trying to guess which patron might be worth my interest with nothing but their expression and their eyes to guide me. Yes, it would have been easier to brush through touches and minds beforehand or afterward, in the lobby, but that would mean actually having to wade through the mundane and mediocre thoughts of a crowd. I had done it before, but it became so wearisome that I ceased. Over the years, I had become much more discerning with which minds I would allow into my perfect gallery of memory. I saw him nearly from behind, with a sliver of profile visible when I shifted slightly aside in my seat. His hair was golden blond and swept back off his face, short enough to have no ribbon tying it back. I knew what he was, of course, from the soft, smooth white perfection of his skin. He was fairly young, the skin not so translucently chalky as great age brings. He wore a tasteful, pale blue jacket trimmed with silver accent, the ruffles of his ascot and lacy cuffs of his sleeves frothing about his skin airily. He sat completely still, motionless, his cheek poised against a hand with obvious affectation: a smart enough man that he had learned to mimic human posture. His profile was straight, elegant, and promised a classical beauty. I was intrigued by this teasing fragment of a face, such features etched delicately in vampire marble skin, the gilded gloss of fair hair, the way his heavy but pale eyelashes graced the hollow of his purple-shadowed eyes when he deigned to blink. What I could see of his expression showed the pain of a sensitive man unafraid to be so. Such gentility! My divided attention turned from the opera to focus on this enigmatic figure. I longed to see the rest of that face, to revel in the exactness of the beauty I knew he must possess. I longed to touch him, see what sort of mind this genteel monster may have. My fingertips pressed together in a steeple, as I imagined how his hand might feel against them. The man must have sensed my gaze. During a brief intermission, his head turned, revealing his profile in its entirety. Yes, he was serenely gorgeous, as I had known all along; his was the face that inspired the masters' angels of mercy in their cathedral paintings and frescoes. Such a profile! Had I a heart, that sudden view would have sent it racing, I am sure. As it was, I merely froze, staring completely at him now. He turned his face more, and brought it fully towards mine. He sat below the balcony, and the eyes lifted up at me were sharp, intense, yet without suspicion or malice; he looked merely curious, as a child might staring up at a strange adult. Those eyes, however, they disconcerted me. I could not have been mistaken in assuming he was one of us, the evidence was there upon his very skin, yet—Why were those eyes the same unmistakable shade as that rich, golden hair? The question pierced through me, I admit, with an alarm I had not felt in years. What was this man? One of us, surely, but different! More powerful, or less? A threat? The ridiculous thought that he was, actually, an angel ran through my mind. I was unaware of my face betraying anything. When I viewed this memory back through the man's eyes, later, I cannot see how he possibly discerned my alarm from my still, if very minutely tense, face. But he did, and so he smiled a quiet smile up at me. Imagine, he trying to assuage me! Somewhat affronted by the notion, I smiled back warmly. The man turned back to the stage, as the curtains rose again, and I forced my eyes to lift from him back to the performance. Spitefully, I refused to look directly down at him again. Of course, I would have to meet him. Of course, I would have to feel my way through his skin to his mind. However, I was suddenly in a strange mood, part combative and part jocund. Perhaps I would not brush my hand against his first thing. Perhaps I would let language set the stage for my journey through his memories. It seemed a shame to end this little mystery so soon, with just a careless, callous, stolen caress. How would it feel to be mentally blind for once? How would it feel to take that bit of risk with this worthy man? It was dangerous, even stupid, I knew. The pleasantries of those centuries could easily float you into a dream-like ennui without warning, and I was prone to such a mood as anyone else was. The shock of facing an unknown quantity, such as seeing those strange eyes—It was like the sting of a lover's whip, with an undercurrent of tenderness beneath the burn and perversity (or because of it?). Suddenly, I wanted to be prone, if only to test what this stranger might do with such an opportunity. I had not been searching for this, but suddenly I wanted it more than anything, now that I found it available. Speaking with a voice too low for the other humans in the balcony to hear, I explained to Marcus and Caius that I would diverge from their company after the opera. Marcus said nothing, of course. Caius asked if we might part ways now , as this cacophony bored him. Irritated, (for it was a brilliant performance), I allowed him to go. My two companions left me at the next intermission, and I brooded over how they could have left the dramatic finale unwatched. Well, no matter. I was alone with this beautiful stranger of