DISCLAIMER: I do not own Lord of the Rings, or any of the characters within Lord of the Rings. They are all the work of the amazing Professor J.R.R. Tolkien!!!! (Heh, and we can't forget Peter Jackson and Newline Cinemas...) I'm not earning anything from this, except maybe amusement. Reviews are always appreciated and criticism is welcome as well. Onward to the story then.... The War of the Ring had ended and many spites dealt onto Middle-earth during the time of the Dark Lord's second rise to power were slowly beginning the process of healing. Where the mighty trees of Fangorn nearest Orthanc had been maliciously felled by foul folk of Isengard to make way for the ways of metal, saplings had taken shallow roots. In the land of Mordor, Barad-dûr was smote in ruin and Oroduin had overflowed its baleful ire across the ragged plains. A wary peace was about the land, for those still suspicious of evils would not be comforted by the disappearance of one... especially when Sauron had been once thought to most to have met destruction during the Second Age by the blade Narsil, Isildur wielded. But it had not been so, and things of great importance, things that should never have been forgotten, drifted to words of myth and fable. Of course many had thought, save perchance the wise, that folklore was a thing oft of falsities. But perhaps this wariness now was a thing needed, for without it, wickedness could return unhindered and nearly unseen perhaps to terrible degrees. Perhaps the War had granted Middle-earth's inhabitants with wisdom? Yet the dark hand of Sauron was a thing of the near past, and at least those of Gondor and Rohan, and indeed all the kingdoms and races of Middle-earth, save the Orcs and the foul things akin or allied with them, could rejoice for the One Ring, wrought of malice and hatred, had been cast into flame and the heinous Maia's reaching hands had been smote. All that was good and green in the world had not been ruined. Mayhap it came very nigh, and mayhap there was demand for mending, but it had endured nonetheless. And now we shall turn away from those that are gone, and turn to those that are. From the glimmering tower of Ecthelion, the white tree, emblem of Gondor, flew in the breeze from its place upon many a banner. In the White city, Minas Tirith, the king of Gondor had taken his rightful place upon his throne. King Elessar, Aragorn son of Arathorn, was looked upon with a fondness unseen before by many past rulers and the kingdom reveled in this new leadership. At his side stood always his Queen, the fair Arwen Undomiel, Evenstar of her people. To the North in the land of the Horse-lords, Eomer ruled upon his own newfound throne in the Halls of Meduseld. It seemed that the two great kingdoms were appeased. To a lesser extent, though one no less significant, it was marveled by those of Mirkwood, now Eryn Lasgalen, and those who dwelt in the depth of Erebor at how their kin, one from each order, had befriended each other. In truth, many a person wondered at the sight of Elf and Dwarf arguing good-heartedly rather than at blows with one another, though Legolas and Gimli more often than not would enter friendly spars. The son of Thranduil, he who had imprisoned Bilbo and his companions, was now able to share mounts with the son of one who had been amongst those companions, the Dwarf-lord Glóin. Though not now always at the other's side as they had been throughout the War of the Ring, they shared company as oft as was possible. Legolas, now lord of Ithilien, and Gimli, lord of the Glittering Caves, where he had lead a fraction of his kin south from Erebor, never let a chance at jesting their confident pass. In fact, oftentimes it was in the halls of Minas Tirith that the two bickered most, pleasuring Aragorn and all those lucky enough to be in their presence with their sometimes pointless, but welcomed, quibbling. This is where Dwarf, Elf and man alike strode presently, their footsteps, save for the Elf's, echoing throughout. The strange pair had arrived at the White City's mithril gates earlier that very morn, the Dwarf borne on the back of Legolas' Rohan mount, Arod. The mithril, might it be mentioned, had been supplied by Gimli and his folk, and the Dwarf never missed a chance to boast of it. It had been a rare sight indeed, for those who knew of the conflicts the two races faced, and the guards had watched them ride with curiosity. Yet perhaps this was because they found the two companions strange when alone, and possibly even stranger when together? "Nay, Gimli. Say you that your axe outweighs my bow in prowess? Ah, but how sadly you are mistaken, Master Dwarf. Your diminutive stature seems to affect intelligent thought on your behalf. What good will one axe do against a rushing foe? Throwing axes, mayhap, have some use...but what good do they when your arms are so stout as yours?" Said the Mirkwood prince in his musical voice. Gimli, hustling in the stead of the Elf's long strides, as well as Aragorn's, gave a loud huff at this. Aragorn inwardly groaned. Once again, Elf and Dwarf were arguing, and over such a simple matter. "And what honor is there in felling your foe ere they reach you? Besides, it takes little skill to fling about your arrows, but I would like to see you try your skill at an axe!" Retorted the lord of the Glittering Caves, lending a hand to rest on the axe that hung from his thick belt. "Likewise I would like to see you shoot a bow. If it requires so little skill, I feel it suits you perfectly," answered Legolas with a grin that he was failing to mask. "I would make a fine shot," blustered Gimli, puffing out his chest somewhat. "Indeed, you are the perfect target and comparable as far as wits, and perchance stature as well, with one. But, forsooth, from my memory of our stay in the Golden Wood, your shot was not so fair. I daresay I feared for those nearby." "Come now, my friends," intervened the wise king, seeing the Dwarf send a sharp glare in Legolas' direction. "Gimli, will you let the words of an Elf ruffle your feathers?" "Alas, Aragorn, I fear that Gimli has ruffled his feathers a time too many, for I see not a single feather on him," chimed Legolas, leaning in closer to Aragorn as if to whisper. "And whose fault might that be, Elf?" Replied Gimli in his gravelly tone, hastening to catch up with his companions, whilst his boots echoed loudly in the spacious hall. He still wore his coat of chain mail, despite the fact that warfare was behind him for the moment, and the links jingled as he went. "Blame not I for your bad temper," said Legolas, laughing in his fair and melodious voice. Upon subduing his mirth, more because he wished not to feel the swift retribution of his dwarf friend than because he wished to converse, Legolas turned once more to Aragorn. "But wherefore, my friend, have you summoned us hereabouts?" "Ah, at last we have come to that," said Aragorn with a smile, while lowering his voice so as not to be heard by any others then those intended. "The truth of the matter is...that I wish to get out of this confounded castle, and city altogether, for that matter. I was hoping that the three of us could perhaps go for a hunt...anything so long as I do not have to look upon the cold stone of this city a moment longer. I realize that, because I am now king, I am not so free to do as I will as I once was...and I must take my peoples' well-being into consideration before my own...but confinement does not suit me. I must get away, if only for a short while." "And what of your Queen? Surely she would not agree to this?" Inquired Legolas quizzically, while narrowly escaping an attack from Gimli by sidestepping. The Dwarf had every intention of using Legolas' momentary distraction to his full advantage. "Actually, I have already discussed it with her. Arwen has consented to it, so long as I take a trustworthy guard with me and return in a timely manner. She has consented also to hide my absence." "To cover for you, you mean," said Gimli with a chuckle, trying, and failing, to seize the Elf by his jerkin. Legolas was too swift for him and merely elongated his stride and was able to leave Gimli behind to grasp naught but air. "Aye, if you wish to say it so. But what say you? Will you come with me?" Aragorn stopped and turned to both his confidants, looking at them with hopeful eyes. It certainly did appear that this new confinement was having an effect on him, though it was barely visible to the untrained eye. Arwen must have seen this too, and both Elf and Dwarf were grateful that she had been so understanding. "Of course we will," said Gimli without hesitantion, answering for both and giving Aragorn a pat on the back. Legolas nodded his own consent, confirming that Gimli had answered truthfully. The Elf's eyes were twinkling brightly with curiosity. It would appear that he too longed for adventure, adventure that the present had utterly neglected to provide. It was true he loved to be amongst the trees and forests, and would never truly tire of this, but he yearned for more to occupy his mind and also a distraction from the callings of the sea. Looking down toward Gimli, Aragorn found that this was also the case, for when he peered past the shadow cast by the bulk of Gimli's helmet, he found a similar happiness. "Where will we go?" Asked the Elf with growing wonder. "We will go where our road leads us," replied Aragorn with a shrug of his shoulders. Legolas had been expecting such an answer, and smiled in response. It was characteristic of Aragorn to let the earth guide him rather than his own two feet, and Legolas supposed he missed the life of a Ranger terribly. And so it was that the three companions were to set out on a journey once more, though without need for haste or strife. Throughout that day, preparations for their departure commenced. In truth, much readying was unneeded, for Aragorn had factored all this into account soon after arriving at the idea for a short reprieve from his duties. Supplies had been assembled prior to Legolas and Gimli's arrival and all that had been left to do was ready the horses and wait until the very first light of day. They did not wish to leave during the night, though this would offer the most concealment, for it would make travel far more difficult. So, they had resolved to hasten away from the White City before the sun shed its light upon it; in this way they hoped to eliminate being seen, though it would be difficult to slip past the guard even at such an hour. But it would be manageable. Now all that was left was the inevitable wait. It was yet night, scarcely past midnight, and all three were eager to be on their way. Both Aragorn and Gimli had gone to sleep, and although the king of Gondor had tried to persuade the Elf to do so as well, it had been to no avail. Elves, Legolas had explained for what seemed the thousandth time, do not sleep in the manner that mortals do. To this, Gimli had remarked that Elves were simply daft and quickly succumbed to slumber thereafter. Legolas, in