Draco Malfoy is the powerful heir of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Malfoy. He has been raised by his father to think that the pure-bloods are the most powerful and nobody can stand against the pure-bloods. In Hogwarts nobody wanted to mess with him because of how dangerous his father is. This guaranteed that he had his own circle of followers and threats to use against others. He remembered being 9 years old and his father teaching him about pure-bloods. One of the things that his father said and taught him was forever ingrained in his mind. "We are pure-bloods. We take what we want, when we want it, where we want it and how we want it. Remember it." his father had said. "Mud-bloods, half-bloods, half-breeds and creatures are below us, Draco, remember that." Draco, now sixteen and very annoyed that he was in detention with a mud-blood teacher of Muggle studies. He hated Harry Potter. The Gryffindor bastard managed to get him detention because of his mother, Lily Potter. In Draco's opinion, Lily Potter should be humiliated and removed from the Potter Line before she dirtied the line further with more half-bloods. But… Draco's hormonal mind couldn't deny that she was one fucking hot woman and he couldn't deny that the Muggles had better and sexier clothings for women and the only reason he even attended the Muggle Studies was because of her actually. He didn't really care that he hated Lily, hated how she was a mud-blood, hated how she thought Muggles and Wizards should someday know about each other and participate with each other. That was absolute bullocks. Yet Draco loved how Lily dressed with Muggle clothing. Sometimes she wore smaller skirts that showed her smooth legs. One day he even managed to see her blue panties when she had bent over. She always wore short-sleeved shirts and sometimes he could see her bra through them and he could tell her tits were big and he wanted to touch them. Today was slightly different. She wore tight blue jeans that complimented her ass. A black T-Shirt with long sleeves covered her and Draco for a moment thought she wasn't wearing a bra. He couldn't tell. He fantasised her on her knees in front of him with her red lips wrapped around his cock and fisting her red hair tightly and face fucking her. Lily came to a stand in front of his desk and dropped a parchment down on the table. He read what was written on it. "I will not bully muggle-borns, half-bloods and I will not call them mud-bloods." Draco sighed. Every teacher seemed to give something of a similar detention. "I want you to write that over and over for 200 times," Lily said. 200!? Draco shouted in his mind. No teacher went over 100 and after that they usually changed detention to something else if they had time. Draco gave a snarl before his father's teachings came to the forefront of his mind. We take what we want, we want it, where we want it and how we want it. Draco was angry and annoyed and slightly aroused. How dare she give me so much! Draco for a moment forgot that she was a teacher. "How dare you give me so much to repeat you stupid mud-blood!" Lily's green eyes widened slightly before they narrowed. "Enough with the mud-blood insults. Enough. They have magic and you have magic..." Draco tried to listen to her but she didn't understand. Mud-bloods were below him. Draco couldn't believe what he was about to do but he couldn't help it. He was hard and the detention was sure to last a while longer now that she was in her educating mood again. "Are you even listening to me?" she asked. We take what we want, we want it, where we want it and how we want it. "I want it now," Draco murmured, twisting slightly on his seat. "Want what now?" she asked, her eyes brimming with confusion and slight anger. Draco ignored her, stood up and walked around the desk. Her eyes followed him and she turned too so now her back was against the desk and her ass bumped against the desk when he walked towards her and she backed. "You," Draco said before taking the final step and closing in. Draco gripped her tight in her arms and locked her between him and the desk and didn't let her go as she tried to hit his chest and twist her legs against him. "Draco Malfoy!" Lily screamed. "I am your teacher and you will stop this now!" She was brimming with anger now. She couldn't believe the guts this brat had. "No," Draco told her and moved his hand down and touched her ass through her jeans. He smiled when her eyes went wide before narrowing at him. He didn't waste time groping her ass. He wanted to touch it naked, but it was better than nothing and he had time. "You are a mud-blood and mud-bloods are below me." He leaned down and kissed her neck before biting down and making her yelp. "Malfoy!" Lily screamed. She managed to move her hands and hit him in the chest a few times before he stopped groping her ass and gripped her wrist and stopped her hitting. "I will have you in detention for the rest of your time in Hogwarts!" Malfoy grunted, annoyed at her fighting and slapped her cheek hard and leaving a bright red hand-print that left her dazed. Her eyes were shocked before tears flowed and stained her cheeks. The fight slowly left her when she realized that Malfoy didn't care if he hurt her or not. Her hands fell limp at her sides but her legs continued to twist and try to hit. "That's good then," Malfoy murmured against her neck before thrusting his hips at her. His rock-hard cock pushing against her thighs. "We can have lots of fun in detention then." Lily shook her head. She tried to deny that his manhood was between her thighs. She changed tactics from fighting back to pleading and begging. "Please let me go," she said. "I won't tell anyone. Just please let me go." Lily's hopes were raised for a moment when he stopped and gave it a thought but her hopes were destroyed in an instant when he gave a small chuckle and continued his ministrations. "Who do you think they'll believe? The mud-blood teacher of Muggle Studies or Draco Malfoy, Heir of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Malfoy." He laughed more and stopped gripping her wrist and instead groped her tits through her shirt and now he knew for sure that she wasn't wearing a bra. She sighed and tried not to moan. Despite hating what was happening she couldn't help but enjoy his attention. Her husband, James Potter died ten years ago and she ever since then she didn't have sex with a man, instead only using her toys. And here was her son's number one enemy in school and he was bringing her pleasure no matter how much she hated it. And his cock felt big too against her thigh and god it felt good to a man… or boy paying attention to her, touching her. Lily wondered why he stopped when he did but understood in a second when he started undressing and by god he undressed fast. Lily couldn't believe the position she was in. She was leaning against a desk and her son's number one enemy was standing in front of him naked in all his pale glory and she licked her lips at the sight of his cock. It had to be at least 7'inches long and she gave an involuntary smile when he was hairless. "On your knees mud-blood." Draco said, lust in his voice and his eyes lit up when she went on her knees in front of him without fighting. He couldn't believe what was happening. Harry Potter's mom was on her knees in front of him and he was naked with his cock standing before her face. By Merlin how fucking hot she looked with tear-stained cheeks and wet lips and loose red-hair. "Bloody hell," he grunted when warmth and wetness enveloped his cock. She had taken his cock in her mouth without his command. Her lips were wrapped around his cock and her tongue was moving as if magic. She had a smile on her face. One of the favorite things she loved to do with James was oral. Despite James not wanting to do oral on her, she didn't mind. She loved sucking his cock. It was one of her favorite things to do and almost every day she woke him up with a blow job. She looked up at Draco's eyes and sped up her motions of up and down, taking his shaft deeper in her mouth. Draco's eyes bulged when she took him deeper and his hand came down on her head and patted her as if she had done a good job. She smiled around his cock up at him and her hand came up to fondle his sweaty balls. She wanted to touch herself but she could wait. She could wait for him to fuck her. Draco felt amazing. His cock felt so good in her mouth and everything was made better knowing who she was. But… he felt as if he was losing the dominant hold he had on her for a moment because of how good she is at sucking cock. His father taught him dominance and control and he tried to bring that to higher levels. He fisted her hair in a tight bun and said, "Open wide," Lily looked at him confused for a moment before she understood. She opened her mouth wider around his cock yet kept her motions going but she was interrupted by him. He smiled ferally down at her and began moving her head down and up on his cock. At first he did it slowly before speeding up and beginning to thrust. Lily gagged and choked on his cock and tears began to stain her cheeks again and her hair clung to her sweaty and wet cheeks as he face fucked her. Lily was glad that she had silenced the room earlier before detention. "Fucking slut," he grunted and went even harder. He thrust his hips back and forth powerfully and kept forcing her head up and down. His pulsing erection felt so good in her mouth and she can't believe she missed it so much. "Lily Potter is a whore," Draco commented idly as he began hitting the back of her throat. He smiled when she gagged and saliva trickled from the side of her lips every time he pulled out almost. Her hands kept fondling his big balls and ignored her own aching tits. Draco groaned and stiffened, he bottomed out, his 7'inch cock fully embedded in her mouth as his balls remained on her chin fondled by her hands. His cock pulsed and throbbed inside her hot mouth and he lost control as he erupted inside her mouth. Stream after stream of white hot cum empted itself down her throat that she attempted to swallow. The salty taste went down her throat and she swallowed and licked before coughing when he pulled out. She spat and coughed as cum dripped from her lips. She yelped when his hot cum landed on her face and his cock kept twitching in front of her messy face. She took him back in her mouth and sucked and cleaned his still hard cock. Lily had to admit one thing she loved about wizards was the fact that they lasted longer and could go for hours. Her friend, Amelia Bones had said that younger wizards could last very long. "Get up," he said and pulled her head off of his cock