A/N: This is just the tame version of the same story in the M section. I encourage you to head over there and enjoy the elf-smut...it's nice, but I felt we could do with one for the younger folk as well. Enjoy! . . A Tale of Gratitude and Pining Hearts It was over, the ring had at last been destroyed and now Thranduil had taken a hand full of troops, himself included, and began to clear the forest of the remaining evil. A few remaining orc packs were lurking on the edges of what used to be known as Greenwood and he had every intention of taking back his forest. Within his company were the courts most skilled healers, including the one that had saved his own son nearly a millennia ago. She was nothing back then, just a mere elleth wandering the lawn when the dear prince had returned a broken mess on the back of his horse with less than a quarter of those he had left with. . . Ambushed. The elven king's heart would have split in two, if it had not already been broken after the loss of his wife, and now he was about to lose his son. Thranduil rushed to his son's side, catching his body as it slid off the saddle. His eyes had already begun to close and his skin was cool to the touch. The king collapsed to the ground, clutching his son in his arms and rocking it with soft sobs and murmurs of prayer. And then there she was. Hair that mimicked the raven and eyes that rivaled the greenest of valleys. Her voice was timid, as she had never thought she would be one to approach royalty before; but her mother had taught her a thing or two in ways of healing that not even the elves dared think. "Pardon me, my lord, but I believe I can help." "Help? Help? What help can you offer me? You are no healer, you're not even from this realm!" the King snapped, expecting her to back away and leave him to his grieving. Instead she boldly laid a hand across his arm, ignoring the arrows that were suddenly being pointed in her direction, and crouched down to meet his eyes. "How can you know if I'm not granted permission to try?" Thranduil searched her eyes for any sign of distrust or ill-fated will toward the princeling in his arms, and after a long moment he nodded his head once. She smiled softly, turning her attention to the guards that still had their weapons drawn. "Quickly, move him to the healing room. And keep him as still as possible!" The King regrettably relinquished his hold on his son and turned back to the strange elleth before him, his blue green eyes bleary and wet. She looked on him with remorse, "I'll do what I can," she said with another touch to the arm. Twice this stranger had been so bold as to touch him when most in the kingdom was afraid to even speak to him. She stood and began to jog off in the direction of the wood. "Wait!" he called after her, "where are you going?" She looked down and waved her hands simply over her body, "I can't make miracles out of nothing, my King. Now go. Be with him until I return." . . NÍnimil shook her head as she gathered up her supplies and stuffed them into a small pack. Getting herself involved with royal affairs, what was she thinking? But she couldn't just sit back and watch now could she? That just wasn't in her nature. She'd always wanted to help people, it was the least she could do after her own mother's final farewell. She made it back to the healing rooms rather quickly; time wasn't on her side. The prince was quickly fading and there was no magic that was going to save him now. Her hands felt along his neck and she leaned down to listen to his shallow breaths. She had seen similar injuries before, where the lung had become deflated, luckily for him it was only one. She had to force the King out of the room, an act she was sure would get her some form of scolding somewhere down the line, but it was for his own well-being. There was no telling what he would have done once he saw her actually pierce the prince's side, so she thought it best if he left. "You'll have to hold him down…this isn't going to be pretty," she nodded to a nearby healer that was standing watch. She took a breath and inserted the blade below his under arm, wincing as his body arched and he cried out. Surely his father had heard that, she only hoped he stayed on the other side of that door. Another healer came to hold his other side as she continued on. "Goheno nin,"(forgive me) she whispered, praying that this was going to work and that by morning she would not be fearing for her life. "Please, please, Legolas, you must hold on." . . It was a slow recovery, but he was recovering; and when the king wasn't busy with the court he was sitting by his side. Thranduil had tried many times to get him moved back to his private chambers but NÍnimil would have nothing of it. It was still far too risky to move him. Besides, she also sat with him, she was afraid if he was moved she wouldn't be able to monitor him any longer. It wasn't as if she was a healer of the court, she was only a simple elleth. It was on the third week when his eyes finally opened and she was ever so glad that she had been the one sitting by his bedside. She had seen him from afar, but now that she had him before her and that his eyes were open and staring into hers she couldn't believe the clarity of blue she was looking into. "Welcome back," she smiled gently. "Your father has been fretting over you night and day." He opened his mouth to speak but it was too dry to do so and she quickly poured him a glass of water and assisted him in taking it down. "I remember," he groaned, holding a hand over his still tender side. "In the dark, I heard a voice. It apologized, and pleaded for me to hold on." "Shh, you still need to rest. Your father will be glad to know you're awake." She gave him a soft smile and stood to take her leave. "It was you. You…did you have a hand in my saving?" She was facing from him now, flushed pink all the way to the tips of her ears. "I shall get your father." "What is your name? At least tell me that." His breathing was still ragged and she could hear the yearning behind his labored speech. "NÍnimil," she whispered, before quickly moving out the doors before her. . . "Truly?" Thranduil questioned her with eyes bright as the sea. "Aye, my lord. He woke naught but an hour ago," she said with a small nod. He came down from his throne and gathered her hands in his, bringing them up to her lips and pressing a kiss to her knuckles. "I cannot thank you enough. You have exceeded my expectations let alone that of a half-breed." NÍnimil's heart stopped in her chest. Thranduil was known not to be kind to those other than his elven kin. She bit her lower lip and let her head fall forward as the blush found its way over her face. She felt his finger grace the side of her face and tilt her chin up to face him. "Come now, henig, is my reputation really that ruthless. After all that pushing around I let you do to me, would you really think I'm as horrible a ruler as they say." He laughed lightly and tucked her hair behind her ears and brought his lips down upon her brow. "I am truly grateful, NÍnimil. Now go get some rest of your own, I know you have been as worry some as I." (my child) Thranduil was quick to give her a place as a healer of the court, wanting both to make sure that his son was properly looked after and to repay her for her help. Although nothing in his eyes could ever be enough payment, she had saved all he had left in this world, without his son he would have surely faded away. Legolas had taken quite fondly to NÍnimil as well; he had looked forward to waking up in the healing rooms to see her, even if it was to fuss over him. When she saw him fit to leave he still found himself wandering back to her, seeking her out for walks around the grounds and to gaze upon the stars. The pull between them was something both of them could not ignore yet something neither wanted to admit too. What would his father say? Surely he wanted something more than a half-elf for his son. Someone of nobility. . . So they danced around the truth of their hearts, and she feared for him each time he left for battle and tended to his wounds each time he returned; no matter how small. But now he was leaving again, an evil had fallen over the Greenwood and there was talk of something greater looming over the fate of Middle Earth. She heard him approach her from the wood beyond the glen. As stealthy as he was she always knew when he was near, she could feel it inside her very being. "'Tis a good thing nobody has fallen ill, for my father would be disheartened to learn his finest healer has gone into hiding," his airy voice floated into her ears. She closed her eyes and clenched her jaw. "I'm not in hiding, Legolas, I'm…"she sighed, there was no word for what she was doing. Moping, pining over something that could never be hers, avoiding the prolonged goodbye they would share in the morning. "You're what, NÍnimil." His steps got closer; she could practically feel his breath upon her back. "One has to be looking up to be stargazing, and the wood is quiet tonight. So what, pray tell, might you be doing?" She turned, inhaling a sharp breath at his closeness and taking a stumbling step back. His hand automatically reached out and secured itself on her hip sending a wave of heat throughout her body. He brought his other hand down and let it rest on the other side taking a step closer to her. Her eyes slipped closed and her breath shuddered. "Leithio nin." (release me) "No." His voice was firm as well as his grip, but his eyes, oh by the Valar, his eyes were as clear as the heavens. "I'll ask again. Man ceril, NÍnimil?" (What are you doing, NÍnimil?) "Ú-iston," (I don't know) she whispered, averting her eyes from his. His lips turned up and he let out a breathy laugh. "Yes you do, meleth," he said in a voice hardly above a whisper; his hand coming up to cup her cheek and tuck a strand of her dark tresses behind her ear. (love) She took her bottom lip into her mouth and felt the tears begin to prick behind her emerald green eyes. For so long had she yearned to him utter such a word and it pained her to hear it at the same time. "Don't," she sniffed, "we can't." Legolas smirked, "Am man, Ada?" (Why, father?) She nodded, tears finally creeping from her eyes and making trails down her cheeks. "Oh, meleth nin," he sighed, wiping away her tears with his thumbs and bringing his forehead to meet hers. "I care