Disclaimer: I own nothing but my ideas Enjoy! " We need not speake so much of love, all books are full of love, with so many authours, that it were labour lost to speake of Love " - Yates, Frances A. "Hurry, Ronald! Your sister is waiting! If you dawdle any more, we'll be late to pick her up from the floo station!" "I still don't know why I need to go," he grumbled. "Because she's your sister and has been away for nearly three months, that's why!" "But we'll see her at school all year!" Harry elbowed him and shut him up when Mrs. Weasley glared. "Hogwarts is going to have twice as many first years this year including students that were not allowed to attend and students that willingly did not attend last year, such as yourselves, so you probably won't have that much time with her especially due to all the homework you'll have since you are in your NEWT year and need to study as much as you possibly can!" Ron looked thoroughly berated. Harry, on the other hand, still didn't understand how Mrs. Weasley fit so much into her sentences without taking a breath. "Also, is it so much to ask my own son to come with me to pick his sister up after she has been gone for three months? If you would like to stay here, you can make your own dinner tonight. Imagine what Hermione would say when she arrives. That lecture will be longer and worse than mine so I suggest you march your arse into the living room." Grabbing a piece of toast, Ron ground his teeth as he stepped into the family's large stone fireplace with Molly and Harry. He really couldn't wait to see his little sister – but he was crabby and hungry, and food took precedence to everything else in his mind until his belly was full. Everyone knew this, which is why Mrs. Weasley wasn't as hard on him. When they hurried up to the meeting place, Ginny was sitting on her suitcase. "Ginny!" Molly ran to her and snatched her up in a giant hug. "I've missed you so much!" "Missed you too, mum. But you should be used to this, most of us have gone to quidditch camp." "And I miss you all every single time! I rarely see you during the school year, so when you're gone for the summer as well –" "I know, mum." Ginny smiled and stepped away from her to hug Ron and Harry. "Have you had breakfast yet?" she asked Ron, who shook his head crankily. "Ok, not talking to you 'til you have. Hi Harry." Molly and Harry had a laugh at that comment. Harry awkwardly hugged Ginny; he had developed feelings for her at the end of his sixth year and promised her that they would get back together after the war, but they didn't. It went unsaid that they were still on a break before she left for quidditch camp. "How was camp?" Ginny didn't smile as big as he thought she would, but Molly and Ron didn't seem to notice. "It was great… fantastic. Thanks so much, Mum, for letting me go." "You're welcome, love. I try to do as much as I can for you lot. However, you can thank your brothers tonight when they come for dinner; it's their business that provided most of the money for your tuition. Now let's get back so we can all eat a proper breakfast and you can tell us all about it!" "Yeah… all about it." Harry gave her an odd look but left his suspicion alone. She most likely wasn't feeling great. It was probably nothing. He lost his feelings for her and she for him. That must have been why they still hadn't gotten back together. He had to admit, though – she looked good. Her body was toned from training and tan from being outside all summer. And when had she gotten boobs? He shook the thoughts out of his head and followed the group back to the floo station to go home. Ginny's mood seemed to improve greatly after she had eaten – well, wolfed down – her breakfast. "Oh Merlin, Mum. The food there was great but there's nothing like your cooking." Molly positively beamed at her daughter. "Would you like anything else?" "Nothing I can't get for myself, thanks." "So quidditch camp wasn't as fun as the twins, Charlie, and Bill said?" Ron asked; he chose not to go so he could spend the summer with Harry, and he couldn't go the previous summer since there was a war going on. "Of course it was." "Doesn't sound like it. Did something happen?" "No, Ron. Just like you get grouchy before food, I get grouchy before coffee. You know that. "Oh yeah, forgot without you being here to bitch at me every morning." dodged their mother's towel and stuck his tongue out at Ginny. She did the same. "Mum, you really shouldn't have introduced her to coffee at such a young age." Molly chuckled. "Missed you too, Ron." The three chatted for the next few hours until Hermione arrived. Then the chatting turned to topics such as what classes they were taking and when they were getting their supplies. No one questioned why she drank so little of her beloved coffee. The next day spent in Diagon Alley was tiring more so than usual because they had to go to special stores to get supplies for their NEWT classes. Ginny was just along for the ride since her list was much shorter. She had managed to get away for a while, though, and was told to meet them at their usual lunch spot. Before she arrived, she made sure the package she bought was stuffed safely in her bag. When she sat down, she was fidgety and acting strange. Harry was now pretty suspicious. There was something wrong that she clearly didn't want to tell them about. She didn't even get her usual latte – she got water. She must be pretty down about something to not order coffee. He let it go, though, when she said the reason was because their mother had to buy Newt supplies. He knew that pestering her about it was just going to cause her to shut herself off from him completely, and he did not want that. They were already awkward around each other because they didn't know how to act in the other's presence. Add curiosity, and any friendship she still showed him would disappear altogether. So instead of bugging her, he let her stew in her own thoughts. At least for now. If it continued, he might say something. He hoped he was doing the right thing. She had been forcing her smile all afternoon and she was tired of it. All she wanted to do was go home and use what she bought. It was grating on her nerves so much that she had a hard time pretending to be herself. When they got home, she was so anxious that she ran upstairs to the bathroom and shakily opened the package. After she followed the instructions, it took all of five seconds to find out she was pregnant. "Goodbye! I'll miss you! Try to write every week!" Arthur stood next to Molly and waved as the Hogwarts Express departed. "Write every week, she says! That woman is mad. Where's that trolley?" "Ron, you just had breakfast, what do you want sweets for?" "Hermione, you know how Ron is; why are you even asking that question?" "I know Harry, but he just ate a Molly meal not an hour ago. That must be a new record." "Oh shut it. I can't help that I'm a growing boy and need as much food as my stomach can hold, and Mum won't be at Hogwarts to cook them." "Your stomach couldn't hold a black hole!" Harry snorted at his friends' bickering. Boy he missed it. This was the first time they were all together again, and the first time they could relax, since the war ended. This was also the first time since he found out about Voldemort that he didn't have to worry about being killed at every turn. It was weird; fearing for his and everyone else's safety was all he knew. Now, though, he found someone he could worry about. "Ginny?" She turned her head to look at him. "You okay?" "Yeah, why?" "You're quiet." Ron and Hermione stopped their back and forth when they heard this. "Yeah," Ron said, "you have been since you came home from quidditch camp. Aren't you happy? We're finally free to be normal teenagers." "Is it because of those we lost in the war?" Hermione asked gently. Ginny ate up that excuse. "Er, yeah. It'll just take me a while to get over everything, ya know? But I'm fine so don't worry about me. It's not like we lost family… even though Lupin, Tonks, and Colin do come close to family…" "It's best not to think about their deaths," Hermione said, "but their lives. If you ever need to talk, you know you can always talk to us. We're family." Ginny smiled at her. Hermione never judged her, and she had a kindness about her, like Luna, that was unfortunately uncommon. "Thanks, Mione. I know. I'm going to take a walk, I'll see you when I get back." "Oh probably not me," Hermione said. "I have to go in a bit to report as Head Girl. I'll see you later though, if you don't get back before I leave." Ginny smiled at her again and left. Ron looked sad. "Poor Ginny. She was supposed to go to counseling for Colin's death, but she wanted to go to quidditch camp instead." "Counseling doesn't always work for everyone. Some people need to get away and do something they love to get through." Hermione put her hand on Ron's knee. "She'll be okay. Give her time." "I know. It's just sad to see her sad." Hermione smiled at Ron's concern for his sister, who had become one of his best friends. He changed enormously over the last year, which brought him and Ginny closer. Hermione stood. "Actually, I think I'm going to get a head start. See you later." The boys said their goodbyes as she closed the compartment door and walked down the corridor to the next train car. Before she went through though, she stopped at the sound of someone throwing up in the bathroom. Being Hermione, she knocked on the door. "Are you alright in there? Should I get help?" "No," came the strangled cry. The toilet flushed and the door opened. "Mione... " Ginny stood there, red-faced and crying, silently begging her to ask a million questions. "Ginny! What's wrong? Are you okay?" "Shh, Hermione it's nothing. Please don't make a scene – I don't want people to hear. I just… I guess I'm still upset about the war. The conversation we had a few minutes ago set something off in me. I'm fine." Hermione gave her one of her famous know-it-all stares. "Ginny, Ron told me he heard you throwing up this morning before you went downstairs, and you didn't eat much breakfast. He told me you threw up yesterday morning, too. Do you have the flu?" Then realization dawned on her face. "Wait… Ginny," she said in a scared voice, "are you –" "STOP!" Hermione, with eyes wide, didn't finish that sentence. She grabbed Ginny and pulled her into the bathroom, closing and locking the door. " Muffliato. Ginny you had sex? At camp?" "Yes, okay? I had sex. It was stupid and I hate myself for it because now I'm – I'm –" "You can't say it?" "If I say it, it'll be real." "Ginny, it is real, whether you say it or not." "Shut up." "Who was it