A dark of night was a welcome relief to Carlisle, who had spent his entire day from sun up to sundown tending the sick patients at Chicago Mercy Infirmary. He felt a certain release as he perched his brown top hat above his platinum waves and fell out onto the cobbled streets of the city, wiping his hands clean of the day and of the responsibility to stay hidden from the sunlight. He could stroll, free and easily now. Although dark had only just settled, the street lamps had been lit and they provided ample light for him to see the faces of the crowds along the busy streets. Husbands hurrying home from a long workday, wives were toting their small children home to bed and the ever present population of maids, cooks and footmen gaining their hours freedom of the evening and embracing it with vigor. This scene was not a foreign one to Carlisle; despite his position as senior practitioner at the hospital, and his wealth of knowledge in both academia and worldly issues, Carlisle was only 23 years of age. But he had been 23 for quite a while. His striking good looks and pale, grey-tone skin could be masked easily enough under the insufficient lamp light, but his rich amber colored irises and slightly tapered front teeth could not belie the truth of his very being. He was a vampire, a living dead man. Afflicted over two hundred years earlier by a curse he had turned into advantage. Sunlight was not a complete enemy to him; there were times when he and his adoptive son Edward could venture into the sunlight and not worry that their skin which glistened like crystals would show them for what they really were. But those times were scarce, especially in the bustling city of Chicago. Nevertheless, Edward and Carlisle enjoyed their relative existence in the best manner possible. Carlisle had continued his work at the infectious diseases ward at the hospital, knowing full well that such afflictions could never touch his immortal body and therefore he was at a great advantage and within a position to help in any way possible. Edward, keen to further his education had taken a position at the local court house, his administrative duties causing the boy of 17 to venture into a knowledge base he had scarcely touched under his biological mother's meager tutelage. Together they lived, posing as father and son. Inwardly however, the stench of blood filled their nostrils constantly and the need to feed themselves became almost unbearable at times. Carlisle had almost completely perfected the skill to ride above the hunger he felt when he made his daily rounds on the wards. His inner desire for atonement proving a more formidable foe than the unyielding desire for rich human blood, thus allowing him and Edward to survive on animal blood alone. For a kind soul like Carlisle it was not hard to fall into the special diet he had become accustom to, but in all his time he had never come across a vampire that remained completely vegetarian in its drinking habits. Carlisle raised Edward on the same diet but it took no convincing from Carlisle for Edward to remain on such a restriction, the boy too was kind and considerate. So, both of them, mere years apart in age were afflicted by a human conscious which still lingered within their immortal minds. Carlisle was hungry, he could feel it. He never attempted to deny that he could no longer smell the blood pumping through the bodies that surrounded him, but stated that he was no longer tempted to such a degree that it became dangerous for him to live amongst humans. If that day ever came, he promised himself that he would run far and clear from any other living being so as not to harm. So this night was no different to any other except that he strolled through the crowds a little faster in order to reach home. He reached a quieter and much poorer district of the city, where the chill of the evening seemed to linger most. He wrapped his ermine lined coat around his lean body for show and walked on, kicking his cane forward as he walked. Suddenly, a fresh breeze brought a new scent to his senses one that he could not easily shake off and dismiss as he did the others. A young girl, he surmised much to his own disgust. The pallor of the scent revealing itself as wine might to a connoisseur. In her late teens, probably no older than Edward. And wealthy, he could sense the texture of her blood to be healthy, well fed and coated in expensive remains of first class food. As he attempted again to shake the scent away from him, his keen vampire hearing caught a slight whimper from down one of the dark alleys. He turned quickly, and whilst making sure he was now alone and without audience sped down the alley at an inhuman pace toward the pleadings. When he reached the dead end, the stench became overwhelming and he had to, for the first time in many years, fight the urge to land upon the vague heap lying against the brick wall and finish her off. When the man in him realized what he had come across, it was not hard to push those inner cravings into the back of his mind and assess the scene in front of him. His age estimation was almost perfect, the young girls long dancing blonde tendrils and smooth pink-hued complexion revealing her to be a young lady, only just released out into society. Her tall body was curvaceous and it stunned Carlisle to realize he was attracted to her. He imagined he would have been a great deal more so had his attention been completely on her appearance rather than the doctor in him studying the way her shivering body lay at an impossible angle to the wall and nearby dumpster. He heard her feverish moaning once more and put a stop to his inner deliberation, he simply must help her. Or at least get her to a place where someone could. He edged forward, and with each step more and more of the gruesome scene unveiled itself to him. There was blood on the ground, its color no longer resembling something tempting to him as it was mixed with a dark slimy mud from the ground. There was a purse on the ground, its feminine contents splayed across the ground, a flimsy scarf and pale grey beret. The girl had misplaced one shoe and the pieces of clothing which had been indecently left on her body were all but ripped to shreds anyway, providing next to no cover for her. Carlisle maintained his distance still, crouching down to her level and tilting his head to look at her face. Among the various patterned cuts and bruises along her naked arms and legs, her lip had been split open and one of he eyes was swollen shut. Her hair was mattered and lay slicked to her forehead as she broke out in alternative sweats and chills. Every instinct in him told Carlisle to help her, it was clear she had been attacked most savagely by more than one man he presumed and with the onset of a fever coupled with lose of blood, would not last the night. One instinct in him prevailed though and questioned whether he would be able to resist her. He would need to carry her that much was obvious. The effort on her part would undoubtedly cause the bleeding to worsen, and she would almost certainly struggle against him. His stomach clenched in anger for what had been done. He breathed out slowly and made his decision; he had been a man before he had been a vampire. His senses had led him to believe she was completely unconscious, but as he neared her slowly she flinched in reaction, her eye fluttering open madly. She pulled away from him as he leaned forward and placed two fingers on her wrist to check her heart beat count. It was rapid, and he could feel with every pulse throb that warm blood seeped from her wounds. He would need to hurry. Something in him quickened when he first locked eyes with her, the frightened stare that she summoned or perhaps the million questions that danced in between their gaze momentarily. She was afraid of him, her brilliant green eyes prevailed that much to him but Carlisle sensed it was more in fact of his gender than any other significant reason. As he dared another quick glance along her near-naked trembling body, he understood why. He kept his hand close to her as he edged forward on his knees in graceful, fluid movements which veiled no malicious intent, but still she squirmed. Her mind was beyond reason and her instincts took flight as she lashed out toward him and lost her balance, collapsing fully across his outstretched arms. Her opened palm had slapped his cold face but he had felt no pain and hardly any pressure on his strong structure. Her landing was cushioned by the inhuman strength in his limbs which lifted her and cradled her gently as though she weighed no more that the delicate scarf which blew its way down the alley with a stiff breeze. He released his long cloak and draped it as best he could around her shivering shoulders. As he stood, she squealed in protest and pushed with all her might against his chest for him to release her. Although his gut wrenched as she begged him to leave her be, he held her closer still as he moved as swiftly as the wind; concentrating carefully on not crushing her within his embrace. The candle light flickered along Edward's puzzled face as Carlisle swept through the glass shutter-windows and knelt by the double feather bed, cradling a blonde woman gently in his arms. He had been working on transcribing some witness statements onto the smaller file cards for the archives but the majority of the transcripts had proved to be so informative for him that very little scribing was actually being achieved. Edward never worried about completing his set tasks in time, for he would never be hounded by sleep. The moment his father-figure glided in through the window, an overwhelming flavor of blood drifted throughout his being, rendering him unable to consider anything other than immediate resistance. It swam deep into his being, overtaking any other emotions such as concern for Carlisle or consideration as to who this beautiful woman would be and better yet, what was wrong with her. It took many strong words from Carlisle and a sturdy shaking from his mentor for him to wake up and focus on the scene in front of him once more. 'Edward, listen carefully to me,' Carlisle begun calmly. 'I will need your help in this matter. This girl has been hurt and something, I don't know what exactly, has brought her here to us… for our help.' Edward stared at Carlisle's rational face and longed one day for such restraint. Edward mouthed the word 'help' as though the very concept was impossible and Carlisle nodded expectantly. 'I understand this is difficult, and if you find you simply cannot contain yourself you can leave and I would not think anything of it. But if you could find it in yourself to help me with her, I would…' he trailed off, Edward stayed rooted to his position by the desk, stunned at Carlisle's reluctance. He had never seen him like this before, and likewise he had never asked Edward for anything. '… I would be very grateful to you.' That was all that needed saying, Edward had already decided to summon all his strength and help in any way he could. He circled the bed