In my drawings case there is a stack of pictures, each picture in turn describes the lives of Jacob and Renesmee. Each painting tells a story, big or small or silly, and recently I decided to use them to tell the story of Janessie, the way I always wanted it to go. A story for each drawing, in chronological order (more or less). Let's get started! Chapter 1 - Shopping with the Girls Renesmee didn't even get to unpacking her bursting-at-the-seams suitcase, when Alice's head popped in her door. "We're going shopping!" she declared with such enthusiasm, that Nessie couldn't say no to her. Sighing internally, she turned to her mother, who was perched on the bed beside her. The latter was busy with leisurely taking cloths out of the bag, then folding them in in-human speed. "Mom, do I have to?" Nessie pleaded, and even though she tried not to sound childish, nonetheless she was back for a moment to being mommy's little girl. "Renesmee, honey, you know that I can't control Alice. As far as I'm concerned I'd much rather spend the evening with you here at home, just you and me and dad, and maybe a glass of champagne to celebrate your return." Renesmee had just returned the previous night from her great trip to Europe, in which she explored all by herself France, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands and everything in between. She was finally old enough, of fourteen human years, otherwise of twenty hybrid years. The trip was a lot of fun and filled with adventures, but it was good to be back home, in good old Forks. It was grey too, but the grayness had its charms, in Nessie's opinion, in preserving the stability of the routine. Her blue room had always made her feel cozy and warm, and her mother's golden eyes sparkled as she smiled fondly at her adolescent daughter. "Furthermore, all she ever talks about lately is the shopping she plans to do with you once you're finally back. It's the only thing that had kept her sane in the meantime. Essentially everyone in the big house is going crazy because of her, so if we won't go out with her today, one can't tell what might happen." "Is it that bad?" Nessie asked on a whisper. "Uncle Jasper suffers in silence, but Uncle Emmett has decided to go live in a cave for a while, and lately Rosalie seems as if she actually considers joining him." That was severe. Rosalie would never live in a cave. Even if it was with her burly husband Emmett. "She does know that I'd bought a bunch of clothes in France, right?" "Knows and doesn't care. In any case I think she will make you pose in them for her later on. Just a heads-up." Nessie sighed again. The shop owner didn't know what was happening; one moment the shop was a peaceful place with classical music playing in the background, and the next it was conquered by a small woman with black pixie hair. The woman's friends appeared a little frightened themselves. "What do you mean you don't need more clothes? " Alice resented, and Nessie wished she'd never tried to reason with her rationally. "You are always in need of more clothes, what with your growth and all…" She paused as she remembered. "Oh right…" Nessie smiled and tossed a stray curl from her eyes. "Exactly! I stopped growing six years ago!" She said triumphantly. They were worried at first, when her growing process continued beyond the date that Nahuel predicted, but ultimately Carlisle, her Grandfather of a doctor, stated that the growth was over and that there was nothing to worry about. Her Grandpa Charlie, however, thought it strange that he could no longer scold her for growing 5 inches taller whenever he turns around. It was their private little joke. "Oh well - so what, it's not the only reason." Alice insisted in her ringing voice. "You also haven't seen Jacob yet since you came back, and you have to look beautiful and sophisticated for him…" "Alice!" Bella frowned at her sister-in-law, eyeing her daughter's flushed cheeks. Nessie buried her face in her hands and in a desperate attempt to escape them, grabbed a random garment from the shelf and nearly ran into the fitting room. "What did I say?" Nessie heard Alice tell her mother in a low voice. She spread the folded garment and discovered that it was a long tank top dress in burgundy. Oh well. She began to undress. "You know exactly what you said," she heard her mother answers somewhat impatiently. "You know very well that they had fought before the trip and that she hadn't mention his name the whole time she was in Europe…" "What, do you think...?" "Yes, they hadn't found the opportunity to reconcile. And the subject of the argument was that she was leaving for more than a month, and since she went and did it even though he was opposed to it, he was probably not so happy about it…" Nessie thought she was going to die. If only they would stop discussing it so nonchalantly! She tried not to think about it the whole trip, and now there was no escape. She slipped the dress over her head and pulled it down her body. The dress was a little tight and reached her flat sandals, and she assumed that it was supposed to look that way. She heard her small aunt remarks, "Well, this is all the more reason to try to please him now that…" She fell silent as Nessie unlocked the cell and stepped out to face them. Her mother raised an eyebrow; half a smile tightened her lips as her eyes scanned her figure from head to toes. Alice cleared her throat. "Well," she uttered cautiously, "it definitely looks… Boho-chic. Yes. Add a wide-rim hat and let down your hair, and it would be perfect." Nessie looked at her hesitantly. "Are you making fun of me?" Alice raised her hands to signify that she was innocent. "Not exactly, I mean, I don't think that Boho is your style, but hey, with your body and your colors, maybe it could work..." She went over to her and pulled the elastic band from her coppery hair, spreading it over her shoulders. "This deep burgundy color actually looks great on you, even though I might have offered it to you in another outfit, such as..." Nessie didn't wait for her to complete the thought, and cut her off. "Great! Throw it in," she returned into the cell, and before shutting the door saw Alice reach for a cloth that caught her eye in the same color. She finished squeezing herself out of the tight dress when a pile of clothes landed on top of her within the cell, and only thanks to her vampire instincts she managed to catch them at the last minute over her head. To her surprise and annoyance she could hear Alice telling her mother quietly (why did she think she couldn't hear them? She too had a keen sense of hearing), "What was he doing all this time? I wondered why we hardly saw him around." "What does he have to do with us, when Nessie's not around?" "Emmett rather likes him. And me too off course, but it's not me that shares his fondness of fast cars." "Yeah, well, I think he had it pretty hard as it was. I went to visit him at home one day, and his father told me he was burying himself in his schoolwork. I guess this is his way of handling the whole thing…" Renesmee groaned loud enough to silence them both, and hastily put on the other dress. It was in the same shade but the skirt ended right above her knees. The shortness of it compensated for a rounded and fully covering neckline, and a small peplum skirt completed the fashionable cut. She leaved the cell and turned her back to her mom, who got the hint and fastened the long zipper. "Well?" Nessie faced her aunt in a wide stance, her hand on a hip, ready for battle. "Yes, yes, totally yes. You're taking this. You look so mature, and sophisticated, doesn't she look mature?" Alice asked Bella excitedly. Bella nodded almost imperceptibly, smiling encouragingly at Nessie and amused at Alice. "Now try on these boots!" Alice was already shoving a new stack into her hands, which contained camel-colored boots which Renesmee would have never thought of buying on her own. But what can you do, Alice knew what would look good and what was in trend, and she trusted her. And even though she didn't let herself think about it by no means whatsoever, she did want to look her best the next time she'll see Jacob. She stood in front of the mirror in another outfit, Alice flying around her happily and her mother holding her hand, passing on strengthening thoughts. She loved her little bouncy aunt, but occasionally she tended to become bossy. Using her special gift, Renesmee delivered her mother the thought, When do you figure we'd get out of here? As an answer her mother said in a regular voice, "a couple of hours, at least. But afterwards we'll get some ice cream, what do you say?" "Ice cream…" Nessie murmured dreamily. That would have to sustain her, since she already knew that it was the beginning of a particularly long day. The party was in full swing, vampires and wolves mingling relatively easily, the humans among them are sometimes used as implicit intermediaries. All of Nessie's favorite people arrived for her homecoming; the Cullen family with all four of its perfect couples, her friends from the Res, Paul, Embry, Sam and especially Seth, along with their spouses. Her human grandfather Charlie came too with his partner of ten years Sue, who Renesmee was very fond of. All of her favorite people came, except for the one that mattered the most. She dressed up, put on her makeup and did her hair thinking of him, but he wasn't there. After she entertained everyone with trip stories, the initial excitement subsided somewhat and she could relax a bit from all the talking. She sat with a pat on the couch next to her father, who in turn laid his arm around her shoulders, pulled her to him and kissed her temple. Why did I bother to wear this dress? She thought of the white dress, which abstract flowers climbed up its skirt all the way to her waist. The cleavage was just a hint, but it was a big one. When it got colder she added a vivid green sweater that accentuated her hair color. She looked amazing, but the eyes that she wanted to linger on her were not there. "Your mother had Alice inviting him," her father answered her thoughts. Renesmee was accustomed to have her brain as an open book to him, even if sometimes she would have preferred to keep her privacy. He has heard her anxiety and strong desire to see him again, and didn't need to hear his name in her mind to know who she was thinking about. Nessie laid her hand over his cold one, passing her exact thoughts to him. What if he doesn't want to see me anymore? And Edward replied, "Nonsense, Buttercup. If there is anyone that misses you around here, it's him. He can't stay away from you for long." I wish , she sighed internally. "Want some punch?" Jasper poppep up behind them, and handed her a tall glass filled with pink liquid. "Thanks Jasper," she smiled at him gratefully. He must have sensed her feelings and decided a little alcohol would help relax her some. He smiled back and went to stand next to his wife Alice, who was engaged in conversation with Sarah, the