Starts near the end of Breaking Dawn, the setting is the clearing, where the Cullens face off with the Volturi. This will be book mixed with movie because why not? Pics of OC's on wattpad Edwards eyes traveled the length of the group across the field. Carlisle was trying to reason with Aro, but the the olden timed vampire just wasn't hearing it. His red eyes were on Edwards gold. Irina was not much more than ashes the snow put out the remaining fire. This wasn't good, Alice still wasn't here and he couldn't hear her thoughts which meant she wasn't close. But then he felt it, the whisper of thoughts, from two people. One was very young, a mere child much like Renesmee and the other the thoughts of a woman, he could see Alice in her mind- a memory of his favorite sister. Alice had sent them! Edward turned to glance off to the right, where he was sure they would emerge half way between both groups and at least a hundred feet from each. Bella was sending him a questioning look and in Jacobs thoughts he could see the clearing moving back and forth as he looked to where Edward was looking and to Edwards very own face- so that's what he looked like in other people's mind, not that he didn't know, just usually he tried to get away from the people staring at him. It only took a moment for every person to look as well, Aro stopped mid sentence, maybe even stopped breathing as the two emerged from the tree line and paused. A beautiful woman and her equally beautiful carbon copy of a toddler stood, clad in boots and winter garb looking around the clearing swiftly before the mother tugged her daughters hand and sent them forward again. Edward examined them carefully, the woman's face betrayed nothing and neither did her thoughts. The only thing he could see was Alice asking her to come here as she gave a detailed discription of who the Volturi were and what they were doing- or planning to do. The little girl with light hair and slightly tanned skin and sapphire blue eyes that matched her mothers looked to be three or four, Edward knew better. His own daughter had been there a month ago. Her thoughts were almost confused as she looked all around, her eyes stopping on faces that either intrigued her or frightened her. The wolves caught her eye and she sent a glance up to her mother and in her thoughts, he watched her decide that it was better not to comment on it now but retain it for later. He silently noted that the child was placed on her left side, between her and the Cullens side of the clearing for - to him - obvious safety reasons. He heard that the younger girl name was Vivian. Edward very much enjoyed being able to see everyone's reactions to the two blondes and their sapphire blue eyes and their light skin had just a few shades of color that made them appear very much human, but the way their skin sparkled dimmly when the sun peaked from behind the clouds clearly meant that they were vampire, or at least part vampire. There was one reaction caught his attention the most. One of Jake's best friends, Embry Call, had tensed completely. His eyes going wide as his eyes stopped on the young woman's face. And the thoughts that were raging through his mind disappeared as he realized what he found. His imprint. Edward snorts as the thoughts run through the wolf's head, and as Sam struggled to keep him from running to her side. It truly was fascinating though, to see the way he saw her through his eyes. Edward imagined it was just like the way he looked at Bella. Jacob was sending him a questioning look and his thoughts repeated the sentiment. Right, not connected anymore, Edward shakes his head and leans towards Bella so Jacob could hear also as he just barely whispers, "Embry's imprint." It was quiet, Edward made sure of that, and checking the thoughts around him, he made that the secret stayed between the packs and his small family. Jacob inwardly cheered for a moment and Bella brows shot up and Renesmee just smiled wide. Bella's face clearly asked, 'on the kid?' And Edward had to chuckle as he shook his head and turned back to the woman who had finally stopped, just where he expected. She made it seem like a three way as she stood off to the side directly in the middle. She sent a hard look over each black cloaked body on the other side of the field before turning to look at Edwards side. Her eyes found his and she tipped her head in an undecidedly adorable way that made Embry's heart increase and a dazzling smile lit up on her face. "Am I late?" Her soft soprano carried across the field and Edward smirked, still tuned into Embry's thoughts. In his mind, Carlisle was questioning if he was supposed to answer or if Edward was, giving away nothing more than a side glance before his eyes found the blonde again. "No," Edward shakes his head. "Thank you for coming." "Don't mention it." Was the ready reply, "Alice asked me to pass a small message," many breaths caught at the mention of Alice and if Aro wasn't listening intently before, he was now. "She is running a tad bit late, said she would get her as soon as she could." With conpany. Was added silently for him, and he knew that she knew about his gift. Edward nods. "And who are you?" Caius' lip upturned in disgust. The nameless young woman- no, teen Edwards corrects himself, head snaps back to the leaders of the Volturi, blonde ringlets flying and snarls. "Damn." Emmett smirks off to the side, his arms crossing over his chest. "Brother, brother," Aro says in awe, "do not be rude to such a beautiful creature." He amends softly, his tone exceedingly gentle. "Hello young one," he greets, his thoughts moving more then ten miles a minute. "What is your name." The teen half breed looks him up and down in disgust, "where I come from, one introduces themselves before asking the names of others." Aro laughs again, this one much more tame. "I am Aro, have you not heard of the Volturi young one?" "I have," her face loses all emotion, "I didn't realize you would be this ugly." Aro's laughter wasn't the loudest in the field this time but his was the only one forced. Even the wolves were chortling. "Such insolence," Caius spat, heated red glare on the blonde teen. "Do you want to die?" "I long for death often," she chuckles though it was dry and lacking humor, "I have yet to find one who can kill me." She smirks in a challenge. Edward glanced down at the blonde toddler, her thoughts were quiet as she listened to her mother, she knew what was truth and what was faux bravado in the face of the enemy. "Tell me Caius, do you think you could do me a favor?" The teen half breed asks innocently. As Caius answered with something snippy Edward paid more attention to the loud growl that emitted from Embry. But the wolf made no move to step forward so he let it be. "Now, now, let's not fight shall we." Aro placates with a smile, "we must gather all information if we desire a fair trial. And clearly these children are half human and half vampire." "I am half," the teen who has yet to be named announces, "she is three fourths vampire and one fourth human." Aro's eyes lit up at this and even Edward was slightly shocked at the news. "This is your child, no, young one?" Aro points to the toddler who simply stares back. "Yes." "And her father was full vampire?" Aro questions slowly, flipping words in his head and choosing carefully. "Bitten and not... born?" "Yes, he is full vampire." She nods, "red eyes and all." "I see," Aro nods in return, "and are you venomous?" "Not to my knowledge." She smirks, "can't honestly say I go around biting people." She adds with a shrug. "And your daughter?" Caius interrupts the calm questioning with his loud outburst, "is she?" The teen half breeds lip curls up at the blonde male, "no she isn't." "How do we know that?!" He exclaims, "if she is more vampire than human how does she not have venom?" "I don't know how, but I know she isn't." With a small smile the teen raised a finger to her daughters mouth and let the girl bite her. Blood dribbles slowly from the wound and for a moment Edward feared someone would attack and possibly set off the war; but no one moved other than her as she lifted her hand into her pocket to pull out a napkin. "That doesn't stop her from having sharp teeth though. If she was venomous I would be a full vampire by now." Her almost smug blue gaze went back to Aro, ignoring Caius completely. "And your diets?" Aro asks, still entralled at the young woman. "Primarily human food, but if we have no choice, blood- preferably animals blood. Vivian isn't much into killing and neither am I." "Vivian." The name fell slowly off Aro's tongue, as if he was testing it. And a whole newly bright smile lit up on his face. "And what, young one, is your name?" He asks again. The half breeds chin tilted up minutely, "I have no name. My human mother died giving birth to me, and my father didn't come back for awhile. When he did, he did not think to give me one." "Such a shame." Aro cooed, "and who is your father? Surely he is still around?" "I do not know either of those questions. I was young." She lied effortlessly. Though Edward knew he was the only one to know of the lie. "And how old are you young one?" Marcus speaks up suddenly. "Seventeen." There was no sound in the clearing for a moment. "But your child looks to be four or five in human years." Aro's smile came back with a vengeance. "She was born November second," the blonde teen nods, "three minutes from midnight. It was very quick and very painful. She broke many bones but I gave birth as any human would." Bella squeezed Renesmee at this and Jacob too had happy thoughts running through his head. "And you have an ability?" Aro asked innocently. "I do. But I am not a performer, so don't ask me to show you anything." She all but snarls. "Oh, young one, you are so much more than that." Aro breathed. Edward could see the whole situation was starting to get to her in her head, mixing in with memories from her painful past so he wasn't surprised when her thoughts raced violently at the attentions of the older vampire. "May I meet her?" Aro pleaded with her much like he had done moments ago with Edward for Renesmee. From the corner of his eyes he saw Emmett take half a step, like he wanted to join them should they cross the midpoint towards the Volturi. The half breed womans eyebrows furrowed as she mulled it over, her thoughts settling on a firm 'no, no, no' "You would have me hand my defenseless child over to you?" "Oh no," Aro breathed, "most certainly not, you may come as well. I trust you can protect her, should the need occur." The taunt was was hidden in his gracious tone but the teen picked it up and her lips twisted in a cruel smirk. "No, Edward," Esme protested quietly to his left, "don't let her go alone." "Relax." Edward shakes his