Whoever this AC person is that keeps reviewing, how about you log onto an account so we can talk like humans? A/N- Look I know Highschool situations have been done before, and usually can be stereotypical and all but I really want to actually try to make this good. Of course I might fall to SOME stereotypes but only if it makes it more enjoyable to read. But I honestly want to make this story with character development and all. So hopefully you all will give it a chance :) And yes I plan on having an actual plot, it just needs to develop. Characters Involved- Pretty much any character that was younger, this won't focus on one main person or relationship, like the summary said; it will focus on them all. So hopefully everyone can find something to enjoy in this story. Lastly, ages are a bit edited so they can be in Highschool but other than that I am trying to stay very to character and all. So please if you see a character and you think they are OOC please warn me :) ~Katniss~ The car rolls to a stop. My heart skips a few beat as I see the large crowds of people all flooding into the schoolyard. New school, just what I wanted for my last two year of school. Well not exactly new school. Last year our lovely little town of Panem had two High Schools, until one of them got closed down and in a panic they decided the best thing was to shove the two schools together. School just have the best ideas now don't they? Sarcasm aside though this very possible is a positive thing. After all it really is just a new building with new faces mixed into familiar ones, but in the end it doesn't stop me from worrying. As a Junior with a freshman little sister I think it save to say being frightened really isn't an option though. Turning off the engine after putting the ancient thing into park I toss my car keys into my bag just as I see a pale hand grab my arm tightly locking itself onto my wrist. Looking up I see two panicked looking blue eyes belonging to fourteen-year-old Prim. "You will be fine Prim, Highschool isn't that bad you know." I say and squeeze her hand back as she manages the tiniest smile at me. "You have Rue." I add to make her smile spread just a bit further. "Besides if I could manage you can." I add, isn't that what older siblings are for? To be around so younger siblings don't make the same stupid mistakes? "Yeah," she says with a true smile, give a tiny nod. She will be fine. I know she will. Not only does she have her bestfriend Rue, probably the second most amazing fourteen year-old after Prim herself, and she always managed to get people to get a liking towards her. But she has always been a bit… naïve I guess? She is too sweet and I guess sometimes I worried she could get hurt. But you know what if anyone even looks are her funny I will be right there to knock them into next week. And I also have formed alliances with Gale and Rue who will be there for her as well, Gale a Senior and my best friend, and Rue always did watch out for Prim. "Well what are we waiting for?" I ask her and she gives another one of her bright smiles as she grabs her bag and puts it over her shoulder. I open my door and throw my own bag over my shoulders and step out onto the parking lot just as a shiny silver car flies by my old fading green colored car making me jump back as I hear a shrill laugh and look up confused to see a blonde girl with expensive looking sunglasses in the passenger seat besides another blonde boy with an expensive brand named t-shirt Oh right, I forgot that Northside Highschool had all the rich kids that ended up not going to private school. After all Northside is a pretty good school, Eastside is too but nothing compared to here. Besides society always finds a way to separate people basically out of their ignorant little instincts. And I am happy about that, even though people like them might not be happy to have the less unfortunate side of town's kids shoved in with them but as long as I can get the grades to get some sort of scholarship for college I don't care. But it would be nice if I could just get through these next two years without having to deal too much with any snobby brats. "Come on Katniss!" Prim calls out and I turn away from looking at the rich kids and looks to my sister who actually looks anxious. I knew she would be fine. "Whatever you say little duck." I respond and catch up to her as we walk make our way towards the courtyard at the entrance to Northside. All sorts of kids mill around busily in the courtyard none of them seeming to be so anxious to get to their first period class. I see some new faces, but more than half are all unfamiliar faces. I feel Prim squash herself to my side. "Katniss and Prim!" A voice calls out and I see the figure of Gale approaching, he has a wide smirk on his face and I can see two girls glancing towards him with eyes bursting with lust. He seems to be making his mark. "Gale," I say. Prim gives him a wave and he turns to her. "Having fun your first day?" "Yes she hasn't been able to stop talking about the walk from the car Gale." I say jokingly. "Sorry for being considerate. I just feel like she was been lacking the support she needs." Gale jokes, but he knows more than anyone that I care for Prim. He seems so sunny. He always has been able to joke around and such, but now more than ever he seems uplifted. Maybe it is because he got that college acceptation letter not too long ago, he applied a bit earlier than most but since he was aiming for a partial scholarship he didn't have must choice. And he got just what he had dreamed for so long, what we both have dreamed for; a chance at achieving something more than expected of us. "Rue!" Prim says eye lighting up at the sight of her friend across the courtyard who has a confident wide grin that extends up as far as humanly possible. She glances to us and I laugh. "Have fun Prim." I tell her before she starts off towards Rue. "So cheerful." Gale says throwing his hands into the air obvious to me now he couldn't be more joyful over the scholarship. "Well I have to be for Prim." I say. "Whatever you say Katniss, if I didn't know better I would say you are actually smiling often now." "Shut up Gale." I say rolling my eyes. New school, new opportunities, and yet similar faces. This is a good thing. It has to be. I can feel it in my bones. ~Glimmer~ Twirling a curled strand of hair I let out a sigh as I sit up in my seat annoyed. I turn around to glare at Marvel, I have been resting against him but he just keeps moving. I swear, I try to hang out with him and get a bit closer since I haven't seem him in what seems like forever but apparently he doesn't want that. Event though I am his girlfriend, and he is lucky for that. Not that he realizes it "Baby do you even want me to sit with you?" I ask accusingly. I was already asked out today by some sophomore (not that he had a chance) and it was only lunch. Yet here I sit with some guy who doesn't seem to want me here. "Of course I do," he says giving a smile as he runs his fingers through my hair before going back to eating. I give another pouty look and fold my arms letting out a deep breath of air. Turning to Clove I give her a help-me look, which she just responds to me with a confused shrug. I am slightly disappointed but at the same time I don't know what I expected. Last year her and Cato were the "it" couple and now even a blind person could see that if this school had a tabloid their faces would be on the front cover with some line around the bases of, "Has this Love Gone on too Long?" With some stupid heart shape around their faces with a split down a middle. I could be a tabloid writer! Then again I fear if I don't make an improvement in my own love life the front cover will soon be starring Marvel and I soon. "Glimmer, honey…" Cato says giving a mocking look as he rests his head on his hand. "You are going to get wrinkles if you keep this stress up." He chimes. "Whatever," I say sticking out my tongue. Though secretly I remind myself to relax my muscles a bit. Asshole or not Cato's little mocking was a bit right, but hey that is what skin products are for. After all when you got a daddy who feels buying whatever you want to make up for the fact he left your real mother for some young bimbo, those sort of things are at constant access. Yeah I know, not something to be proud of but after a while I have just gotten over it and accepted it. I can't change my father's shallow nature and I can't mend my mother's broken heart or what she did just because my father wanted a new toy. "Glimmer honestly you are my girlfriend and I don't need to be constantly proving it to anyone." Marvel says with a smirk I once found charming. But to be honest it is just reminding me more and more of my arrogant father… He sure is lucky he is rich. "How about proving it to me?" I ask folding my arms not ready to let this go. How can he say that? I mean sure the whole, "I don't need to prove my love for you to anyone." Is cute and all but not relevant. Everyone at the table looks at us expecting some big argument. Well if a show is what they want it is what I will give them. Our table consisting of course of the more fortunate, because even with all those stupid videos that try to tell us to accept others and all it really isn't some huge thing, it is just they know we are different and we know they are different. It isn't difficult. It isn't pretty, but it is how it is. Who am I to try and change it? It is like human nature. "What is that supposed to mean?" Marvel says swallowing his mouthful of whatever he was eating. I don't really know what goes through Hollywood's mind when they write breakups as being these whole dramatic events, because most of the time it is just a goodbye and maybe some tears (though I wouldn't know, since I have always been the one dumping the other), but right about now I can sort of understand what made them think of all it. "It means I don't think you care for me as much as you care for me." I respond standing up, the cafeteria all looking at me. After all anyone who is anyone eats in the cafeteria, while the rest are left to find somewhere else to eat outside. "Seriously?" Marvel asks giving a chuckle and looking towards