Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or any of its characters. It belongs to S. Meyers. All I own is my imagination. A Symbol of No "Oh, Leah honey you look nice. Where are you going?"-Sue gushed as she came into Leah's room. "Ugh. Paul called me yesterday and told me to get dressed up and "have my ass ready by 6:30". I don't know where we're going or why the heck he has me getting dressed up. He knows I don't have anything nice. I had to borrow this dress."-Leah grumbled. A part of her, heck everyone, was still surprised that she and Paul were not only dating but had been for a while. But in the end, it kind of sort of made complete sense. Who else would want the two violent, irrational maniacs? Sue smiled as she walked up behind Leah in the mirror. "He just wants to do something special for you probably. Switch things up."-she offered. "Paul?"-Leah said as a reminder of who they were talking about. Sue made a face realizing she's right. "Well you two rarely get to go out with patrol and wolf stuff."-she said as she started fixing Leah's curls that she was obviously getting frustrated with trying to style. "We go out all the time. Half of the time Sam sticks us with patrolling together too."-Leah said. It was only because those punks complained about patrolling with them so Sam stuck them together alone. "That's not really alone time now is it? Besides you never get a chance to get dressed up. This is new. I think it's a nice gesture on his part. Be nice to him Leah…for once."-Sue said laughing at the end. "Never."-Leah said, turning to look at her profile. "Whether you admit it or not you two are serious now-" Leah went to cut her off but Sue held her hand up. "He's trying Leah. He's been trying even harder for the past couple of months."-Sue said earnestly. Leah sighed and turned to face her. "I guess you're right. He's an idiot but he's my idiot."-she mumbled. Just then a horn honked. "He's here."-Sue said but couldn't help shake her head at his loud honking. Leah growled and squinted her eyes and stormed to the window that was facing the driveway. "Hey! I'm a lady so get your ass outta the truck and ring the bell like a fucking gentleman!"-she screamed down. Sue looked down and shook her head. Her daughter would never have a filter, she's accepted it now. Plus she did have a point . Paul leaned over and stuck his head out of the passenger side window and started honking the horn again. "Leah get your ass down here. We're gonna be late!"-he shouted. "No! Come to the house to get me. I'm a lady damnit!"-she screamed back. At this point people walking by either smiled or shook their heads. Leah and Paul's relationship was anything but normal and all of La Push had become accustomed to the two crazy wolves arguing. Seth and Jacob were on the couch watching television and muted it to listen to the show Leah and Paul were putting on instead. Sue figured it was time for her to step in before they phased. "Hi Paul."-She smiled, stepping from behind Leah's much taller frame. Mid-insult Paul shut up. "Oh uh, Hi Mrs. Clearwater. Lovely weather we're having isn't it."-he said. They all looked to the sky to see nothing but gray clouds…as usual. Paul got out of the beat-up truck and made his way to the door. He might be uncouth but he respected the elders of their nation and was somewhat scared of Sue. She looked just like her but she was the opposite of Leah. You know sane. For some reason a sane Leah look-a-like scared him. Not the one who could actually phase and kill him. "That's what I thought. I trained you better than that."-Leah smiled down smugly. Paul went to say something but bit his lip. "Get your ass down here Clearwater."-he said with a fake smile plastered on his face as he looked up at her so Leah's wolf ears would hear. Sue swatted Leah on the butt. "Come on Leah."-she said and they made their way down stairs as he rang the bell. Seth got up to answer it. "Who is it?"-he asked holding back a laugh. He looked at Jacob who came running over. "Open the door Seth. You know who it is."-Paul grumbled. "I'm sorry we don't know anyone by that name."-Jacob quipped. They both started laughing. "Jacob open the door before I rip off its hinges and make you eat them."-Paul snapped. "Boys let him in."-Sue shook her head. No matter how old these wolves got they never matured. Seth opened the door for a scowling Paul. "Oh Paul it's you. Why didn't you say anything? If I'd known I would've let you in right away."-Seth smiled. Paul shoved him. "Hi, Sue."-he said as he came over and kissed her on the cheek. "Hi Paul. Don't you look handsome. I hear you're taking my daughter out somewhere nice."-Sue smiled. "Yup. Come on Leah."-he said and walked towards the door. She didn't move. "Leah…"-he called when he didn't hear her behind him. "That's not how you talk to your girlfriend."-she said. Seth and Jacob giggled at the vein in Paul's neck. "Leah honey hi. How was your day? Get your ass in the car!"-Paul shouted. Next thing he knows he's whacked with a paper. "From now on that's how I'll punish you while you're being housebroken. Bad dog."-Leah said before she whacked him again and switched pass him to the car. "I swear I'm about to call off the whole thing."-Paul grumbled, balling his fist. Seth and Jacob's laughing didn't help or Sue's for that matter. Paul closed the door hard enough to slam but soft enough that it didn't break. "Leah is the only one I've seen who can rile him up like that without making him phase. I don't know how she does it."-Seth mused. "One of these days they're going to kill each other."-Sue said as she walked to the kitchen to finish dinner. "Yeah in the bedroom."-Jacob figured. Wolves that temperamental had to be great in the sack. Jacob could only imagine their honeymoon if they ever got married. "That's disgusting-" "Hey I'm just saying." "Real disgusting Jacob thanks."-the two wolves exchanged. "You boys hungry?"-Sue called and at that they pushed each other to get to the table first. Outside Leah stood at the car door waiting for Paul, only to have him walk right pass her to go to the driver's side and hop in. He revved the engine. "Well?"-he said as he rolled down the passenger side window. "You didn't open my door."-Leah said. "You've got arms."-Paul said "Get your ass out of the car and…Paul!"-Leah called as he pulled off. "No he didn't!" He backed up laughing. "Aright get in I'm just joking."-he said. When Leah angrily reached for the handle Paul pulled up again and again. He was so amused he missed when she finally caught up to the car and ripped the door clean off. "Leah what the heck!"-he screamed, hopping out. "Drive that."-she twirled her neck and switched back up the driveway to the house. "They're arguing again."-Seth said. "You mean they didn't even make it out of the driveway?"-Sue asked, jogging to the window. "You're surprised?"-Jacob asked shocked. Ten minutes later… "You're the one who asked me to get dressed up and go out in the first place. If you were too preoccupied, you never should've asked me. It's not like we go out like this that often anyway. You haven't even complimented me and I got all dressed up."-Leah screamed. She crossed her arms and looked away. And to think her mother had her convinced Paul was "trying". Fat chance. Most of the time he does get her door and things like that, but she felt insulted that she'd gotten dressed up just for him and he hadn't even complimented her and was rushing her like she was an inconvenience. He was being a jerk more than usual. Paul could tell she was genuinely upset and sighed. "Look I'm sorry."-Paul huffed. He hated apologizing but if anybody could get him to eat a serving of humble pie it was Leah. She was right too. He was just nervous. He had to be to not see how smoking she looked. She had on a black off the shoulder dress that stopped a little pass the knee and clung to every curve. She had on yellow pumps that made her eye level to his six feet five and a necklace that he'd carved her when he first started catching feelings for her. He walked closer, slowly, no need to rile her any further, and turned her chin to face him. "I'm sorry Leah I should've got out and came to the door."- he admitted but she still didn't look at him. "And I should've opened the car door instead of pulling off every time you tried to get in."-he chuckled a little by accident. The look she cut him shut him up. "Prick."-she muttered. "You look beautiful."-he offered and to her stubborn silence he continued. "I see you still have the necklace I made you three years ago."-he noted pridefully. Unconsciously, Leah looked down at it and started fiddling with it. "I'd say more but Seth would hear me."-Paul smiled. Leah rolled her eyes but he could see a smile forming. He took hthat as his sign and tilted her head and laid one on her. "Will you do the honor of escorting me to dinner beautiful?"-he asked. He was so corny sometimes. "I would but how are we going to get there?"-Leah asked, nodding towards the truck with no passenger door. "Oh crap I forgot you ripped off my door. Thanks a lot Leah!"-Paul shouted, stomping over to inspect it. "Oops. Sorry Paulie."-she smiled guiltily. "Sorry? Sorry isn't gonna fix my truck Clearwater!"-he shouted. She went over and laid a kiss on him much like he did her. She was better at showing and not telling apologies. "It's just a door."-he breathed after they pulled away. He had a goofy grin on his face. Leah smiled and Paul growled. Before he could do whatever it was he was about to do, Jacob ripped the door open. "Here take them just stop!"-he shouted, throwing the keys to his car. "Thanks Black!"-Leah called and Paul grabbed her hand and they ran to the car, Paul opening her door, and took off. P+L=P+L=P+L=P+L "A restaurant? And a nice one? Since when do wolves go to restaurants?"-Leah asked as they were ushered to their table. "Since today."-Paul said. "But it's nice. You don't have any money."-she pointed out. Paul shoved her chair forward after she sat down. She squinted her eyes at him. "I've been saving for it for the last three months."-he admitted. "Three months?"-Leah asked shocked. "Yes three months."-he huffed. "So this wasn't just planned but planned planned? What's going on?"-she asked suspiciously. "Oh my goodness would you shut the hell up and just order!"-Paul exclaimed. Some patrons turned their noses up but remained silent because of Leah and Paul's sizes. "From what, the appetizer menu only or the free breadsticks?'-Leah snarked. "One more word and I'll order and you'll just sit there and watch me eat."-Paul hissed, throwing his napkin in his lap. "You know usually you don't pms so much. You're acting strange what's up with you?"-Leah asked, looking him over. "Just order so we can eat."-Paul said in a calm voice. "How romantic. Pick a temperature already. Hot or cold?"-she mumbled. They actually got through the entire dinner without arguing or insulting each other. It was really nice and ended up being romantic. But, Leah noticed Paul was acting nervous. His leg wouldn't sit still, he couldn't stop