Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or its characters or anything else from the franchise; S. Meyers does. All I own is my imagination. (Loosely based on a true story) Bee Series: story 1. Loves Bites: A Tale of the Bee "I swear that's what happened for real."-Rachel chuckled as everyone laughed. They were at a dinner party and had finished about an hour ago when everyone started talking about how they'd met their spouses. Rachel and Paul had just finished their story and of course it was violent. "Ouch that had to hurt."- Seth laughed. "What, the punch to the face or the tumble down the cliff?"- Leah asked sarcastically. They laughed louder. Paul looked embarrassed for a change; he'd always dreaded how they met. He groaned. "Aww it's ok baby I still love you."-Rachel said before pecking him on the cheek. "That was a sign for you to run!"-Jacob said. "Yeah, not marry him and have three of his big-headed babies"-Leah chuckled. Jacob, Paul and Rachel looked insulted. "Hey Clearwater, my kids do not have big heads!"- Paul snapped pointing at her. "Yeah! Our children are beautiful."-Rachel agreed. "Yup, they look just like me."-Paul smiled. "Yeah big heads and all."-Leah scoffed. "Leah."-Jacob admonished. She looked at him innocently and shrugged with her hands up. "You know your nieces and nephew have big heads Jacob. Denial won't change that."-she said matter-of-factly. "Well, maybe they're a little big. Especially the boy's."-Jacob mumbled under his hand while looking at her. "See…"-Leah nodded. "You two are going to stop taking about my kids!"-Paul exclaimed. "Oh you heard me?"-Jacob said shocked but smiled before looking at Leah and the two started cackling. "They'll grow into them."-Rachel defended but that just made them laugh harder. "You two are so immature."-Sam laughed. "Hey while you're laughing why don't you tell us how you two met. You've criticized everybody else's stories so tell us yours."-Jared quipped. Leah and Jacob had pretended to fall asleep when Jared and Kim gave the boring details of their first meeting. Granted, everyone else thought it was boring but they had the good sense and maturity to not show it. "Yeah tell us!"-they all started to say. Leah started getting quiet and Jacob tried to keep from laughing. "Ooh something crazy happened, didn't it? Something crazy had to have happened for Leah to be quiet and Jacob you're laughing. Spill the tea!"-Embry chimed in. His story is what you'd expect. There was a joint reservation celebration of their liberation from the pale faces. Embry was walking with Quil when he spotted a woman and ran across the street and harassed his now wife Rebecca, got pepper sprayed, but still somehow managed to get her number. "Well it's not nearly as interesting as getting beat up and thrown down a cliff or pepper sprayed."-Leah said rolling her eyes. "I didn't beat her up she got in the way of the fight. It was an accident! I didn't mean to hit her I didn't even see her standing there. And we tripped down the cliff when I turned to see if she was alright!"-Paul shouted. "It's ok it's ok."-Rachel cooed. On cue, Leah and Jacob laughed but Quil and Embry snickered too. "Well, Edward and I's was magical."-Bella chimed in. Some people jumped while others looked confused. "Whoa I forgot they were even here."-Quil whispered. "Who invited them again?"-Embry whispered back. Both looked up and smiled at the two pale faces who'd been sitting right across from them for the past hour. "So how'd you two meet then?"-Kim asked. Bella repositioned and started fidgeting and tugging at her hair and biting her nails. A few people rolled their eyes while Leah just sighed and rolled hers. Nobody asked her to tell her story so why bother speaking up if you're so uncomfortable? "I was new in Forks so everyone wanted to know who I was and introduced themselves or asked questions. But Edward. Edward would just sit in class looking at me. We had the same exact roster so from first period to lunch to last period he would just stare at me all day. He'd even watch me in the parking lot while talking to his friends. One day at lunch he finally walked over to me and just stood there looking at me but didn't say anything. He followed me to my table and sat down next to me and said hi. It was magica-" "Creepy!"-Leah and Paul cut her off. "What? No it was sweet."-Bella pouted then smiled at Edward "I knew then we'd be together forever."-she sighed. Edward kissed her head but other than that hadn't moved or anything. He was weird to say the absolute least and this story didn't make him sound any better. "You knew you'd be together forever but you've turned down his proposal seven times."-Emily said confused. "Well I'm not ready. It's only been ten years what's the rush?"-Bella said fidgeting even more. That time Edward did react. He looked at her with a face that screamed ' seriously?' . "So let me get this straight. He followed you from class to class and even the parking lot just looking at you. He popped up at lunch one day standing behind you and followed you to your table and you thought that was…sweet?"-Jacob said in disbelief. "The girl's a freak I told you that."-Leah said into her hand. "Clearly. And so is he. Good Lord."-he whispered to her, both looking disgustedly at the two. "Well, Mr. and Mrs. Perfect how did you meet then!"-Bella exclaimed. She was so embarrassed but Edward seemed satisfied. Maybe now she'll see how ridiculous she's been and marry him. "We actually kind of met because of Sam."-Jacob started and everyone looked at Sam shocked. "Me?"-he said pointing to himself. "Yup you."-Jacob said and there was a bit of bitterness there. Leah pat him on the leg. "Oh I have got to hear this!"-Paul smiled as he got comfortable. "Well, Sam had been pursuing me for a while and I'd finally agreed to go out with him."-Leah started and Emily gasped. "You two dated? You never told me that?"-she said before running out of the room crying. "Emily! Emily, come back! It was one date!"-he shouted after her. "Dramatic much."-Rachel said. "Anyway, Sam decided to take me on a picnic late in the evening. He made all the food and everything-" "And by made she means bought and passed off as his own."-Jacob chimed in, rolling his eyes. "Anyway, the date was actually going pretty good until… " Ow!"-I hissed. " What's wrong?"-Sam asked. " I think a bee just bit me."-I said as I rubbed my butt. There laid a dying bee. " Oh no, where?"-he asked leaning over to look. I swatted at him. " Nowhere it's fine. It's just a bee sting how bad can it be?"-I shrugged. Those were almost my famous last words. I leaned against Sam's chest as we sat on the blanket and talked, but then my throat felt funny. I started clearing it and coughing but nothing helped. " Are you alright Leah?'-Sam asked, pulling away to sit in front of me. " I'm fine. It must be something stuck in my throat."-I said. The date was going great and I didn't want to ruin it but I was lying through my teeth. I felt funny and…swollen. " OH MY GOD!"-Sam suddenly yelled when he looked at my face. He sat there in horror. I didn't know if I should hit him or panic. I did the latter. " What? Well what is it don't just sit there staring at me what happened?'-I shouted " Your…your…face! It's…ew."-he gasped. " Excuse me what do you mean ew? You should be so lucky to be on a date with me"-I said, standing up but stopped. My throat was almost all the way closed and I toppled over and grabbed at it. " What the…"-I wheezed when I grabbed my neck. My throat was two or three times the size it was. " Don't worry Leah I'm calling an ambulance!"-Sam shouted as he dialed 911. I focused on not dying as my throat continued to close. When I touched my face, I could feel it had blown up just a big as my throat. As a matter of fact, all of me had blown up. Especially my ass which wasn't necessarily a bad thing. That could stay . "Sam was screaming into the phone while I wheezed for my life. I kept grabbing at everything. I couldn't believe how huge I was."-Leah said to a shocked and somewhat tickled room. "Oh it was bad and it gets worse and gross."-Jacob chimed in smiling. "Would you shut up!"-Leah shouted. Jacob was too amused for her liking. "What happened next and where does Jacob come in?"-Rebecca asked. "Well…" " The ambulance is on its way. Did you hear me?"-Sam shouted like a moron. " I'm suffocating I'm not going deaf you idiot!"-I wheezed. A huge crowd spread around us. Some children had to be carried away screaming when they saw me. " Well, fuck you too."-I wheezed at the little brats. " Make room, make room!"-the EMTS shouted as they ran over. They quickly loaded me into an ambulance and asked Sam what'd happened. After he explained they shot me with something that almost immediately opened my throat to where I could breathe. I started coughing and hacking as I gasped for air. " You'll be alright."-one of them said as they loaded me out of the ambulance and onto a waiting gurney at the hospital. They rushed my bloated ass to a room and started poking and prodding me. "And that's when it happened."-Leah said looking at Jacob. His leg was bouncing as he was full of excitement at them hearing the story. They were all silent as if they were listening to a bed time story or a spooky story at a campfire. " You're going to be just fine. We have to give you some antibiotics and some shots, but you'll be back to normal in a few days."-the doctor, Carlisle said. " Great."-I said both honestly and sarcastically. I'd have to walk around like this for days! " This is a great time for the interns to come in. Do you mind? Great."-Stupid Dr. Carlisle said excitedly. He didn't even give me a chance to object. He sped out of the room and that's when Sam came in. " So uh...how are you feeling? Can you breathe?"-he asked. " Yeah I can breathe. The doctor said I'll be fine in a few days."-I said suddenly very, very embarrassed. I paused when I noticed Sam's stupid behavior. "I'm not contagious Sam you can come closer. It was just a bee sting."-I said quietly. The fool was standing by the window sucking in air as if he'd die if he took one breath of the air in the room. " No I'm fine."-he said. He just kept looking at my face grimacing. " It was your idea to have a picnic in the park in the first place."-I reminded him. " Yeah sorry about that. I guess I should've thought that through and asked if you were allergic to anything."-he said guilty. Good! " Well, I hope next time you think of something better."-I smiled…sort of; I was still a blow fish after all. Sam looked disgusted before he caught himself. I wanted to punch him and cry. " Yeah about that. I don't think it's a good idea for a second date. I mean this one was…fun, but maybe we should just cool it?"-he said as he slowly moved towards the door. He really thought I wouldn't notice him leaving if he moved slowly? " Sam…"-was all I could say. " Bye Leah. I hope you get well soon. And who knows maybe things will change."-he said and left. Everyone was astonished at that. "You