He was breaking; he could feel it, the lack of strength in his arms and legs, the sharp pain that made him think his head was going to explode, and over the top of it all, a cold, high voice laughed at him. Quirinus sat upright, gasping, and tore through his own mind, checking, but it was just him in there. Just me, he told himself. Not Him, just me- He kneaded his eyes and peered out into the main part of his flat. His flat was tiny – there was only a kitchen, a bedroom and a bathroom, and none of it was in awfully good condition. There were, however, layers and layers of warding over everything. If someone even breathed in the hallway, Quirinus would know about it. And since there were no alarms going, there was no one else inside. Just me, he told himself again. He picked up the wand – which he'd managed to procure from Ollivander – on his bedside table, and flicked it. A moment later, a glass of water drifted into the room, and Quirinus gulped it down, and then set both the glass and his wand down on his bedside table, with shaking hands, and tried to pull himself together. He almost wished Dumbledore had handed him to the Ministry, so that he'd ended up in Azkaban. He'd done enough bad things that he'd have been driven mad quickly, and would have been too mad to be scared. But Quirinus wasn't in Azkaban, he was in a dingy flat in South London with nothing to do and far too much time to himself. So Quirinus, being a Ravenclaw, thought. He'd reached several conclusions; one was that Azkaban was the perfect punishment, for anyone except a Ravenclaw; Hufflepuffs would hate the isolation, Slytherins would feel like they were wasting time, that they could accomplish nothing and Gryffindors would hate sitting still. Ravenclaws, though, would hate the deterioration of their minds, certainly, and the lack of stimulation, but after a while, they wouldn't have enough of a mind left to care. A Ravenclaw that had done horrible things though, and was not sent to Azkaban, would be forced to think about things, and that, Quirinus thought, was a worse punishment. His second conclusion was that Dumbledore knew that. Dumbledore knew he would think about Christopher, think about what wasted potential that was, and what an awful thing it was, to kill a child. Dumbledore must have known that Quirinus would think about all of the other things he could have learned in the year that he instead repeated his first year at Hogwarts, thought about the way he'd failed. Gryffindors took failure as a challenge, Slytherins as an opportunity to build character. Hufflepuffs didn't mind failing as long as they'd tried their best, but to Quirinus, to a Ravenclaw… Quirinus had never failed at anything before, not a test or assignment, not a job application… And to fail at something he'd invested so much in… Quirinus rubbed his temples and sank back into his pillows. He was just drifting back off to sleep, when his wand twitched and started to emit a shrill ringing noise. Quirinus sat upright and seized it. He wrestled with the covers for a moment, and then he was free, and standing in the middle of his small bedroom, wand held out before him, trembling. There was a sharp knock on his door. Quirinus held his breath. "Open the door, boy!" a gruff voice called. When Quirinus didn't reply, there was a low murmur and then the voice said, "I can see you in your bedroom, you know!" Quirinus' stomach dropped. "So I know you're there, and I'm not in the mood to go blasting down any doors today, but I will if I-" "Coming," Quirinus managed. "Sorry, I'm coming. I was just-" Quirinus didn't bother with an excuse, though; whoever it was knew he'd just been standing there. Quirinus undid the locks – both magical, and mechanical – on his door, and opened it a crack. A rather terrifying, electric blue eye, stared right back at him. Quirinus swallowed a scream, and opened the door a tiny bit wider. Alastor Moody's grimacing face, and, over his shoulder, Sirius Black's grim one, stared back at him. "H-hello," Quirinus said, surprised, and a little embarrassed at the stutter that slipped out. He thought he'd grown out of that years ago, when Professor Flitwick had put an end to the bullying. "Evening," Moody said, with a rather scary smile. It was obvious they were there to see him, so Quirinus stepped away from the door and let them in. "You can put that down," Moody said, waving a hand at Quirinus' wand. "You're not allowed to hurt us, and even if you tried to, we're more than a match for you." Quirinus tucked it into his pocket. "Can I- would you like tea-?" "No, thank you," Black said, speaking for the first time. "We're just checking in." "Making sure I'm still alive?" Quirinus asked. "No," Black said, looking confused. "Making sure you haven't hurt anyone else." "Oh," Quirinus said. Moody took a swig from his hip-flask and limped off toward the bedroom. "Where's he g-going?" he demanded. "Dumbledore said he's visited you," Black said quietly. "And he said you were- well, that you were holding up your part of the Vow. Mad-Eye and I wanted to make sure, though, as you can probably understand." "Certainly," Quirinus said stiffly. He eyed Black for a moment, curious despite himself. "You don't trust Dumbledore's word?" "I don't trust you ," Black said simply. Qurinus was a talented Occlumens – it was one of the only good things that had come out of the past year – but he had no such talent in Legillimency. He wished he did, though; he would have been very interested to see what Black was thinking. "We kept you out of Azkaban, and out of Voldemort's-" Quirinus twitched. "-hands, and the more I think about it, the less I think you deserve it." Black's voice wasn't angry, or cruel, just troubled. "I'm going to make sure you aren't responsible for hurting anyone else." "I swore the Vow, so-" "I'm just taking precautions," Black said, with a smile that didn't quite make it to his eyes. "And I came to give you a warning; just because I didn't tell the Ministry who you are, or that you're alive, doesn't mean I haven't told them anything. Both the Ministry and Gringotts have a description of your magic – I told them you were the one who gave Croaker to Voldemort-" Quirinus couldn't help the twitch that accompanied the name. "- and also the one who killed Krognug the goblin and broke into Gringotts – so if you go to either of those places, don't expect a- well, don't expect a warm welcome." "Where am I supposed to find work then? Or get money?" "Your break-in would have been successful if the Stone hadn't already been moved," Black said. "You've got a knowledge of the inner workings of Gringotts that only the goblins have, and they're not strictly covered by your Vow. You're less familiar with the Ministry – at least as far as I know – but your mind is susceptible to Voldemort." This time, Quirinus made the effort not to flinch, and Black gave him a thoughtful look. "He won't try to use you again, not in the same way as before, but he'd have no problems getting information out of you if he ever found you again, and you're too smart to stay stuck in a low-level Ministry job. "You'd climb," Black continued. "We already know you like power, and that you'll do anything-" Black's lip curled. "-to obtain it. And climbing would give you access to all sorts of information that no one particularly wants in Voldemort's hands." "So you're cutting me out of the wizarding world?" Quirinus said curtly. "Alienating me… no Ministry, no Gringotts… Dumbledore would never let me into the school… What else is there?" "More than you'd have if you were in Azkaban, or dead," Black replied quietly. "Mad-Eye?" "Nothing suspicious," Moody replied, limping back into the room. His magical eye roamed over Quirinus, while the other eye stayed perfectly still. Quirinus shivered. "I suppose you don't need anything else, then?" Quirinus asked weakly. For all that he wanted them to leave, he'd much rather their company than the company of his own thoughts. "I've said everything I needed to," Black said. "Should I expect another check-in?" Quirinus asked him, a little sarcastically. "Oh, yes," Moody said, grinning rather scarily. "See, I've retired, boy, and I'll need something to do, to keep me busy. We'll be getting to know each other well, I should think." For the first time since arriving, Black smiled, or rather, smirked. "Until next time!" "Yes, good bye," Quirinus said, rather faintly. "Keep close, Hydrus," Lucius said, without looking back to see whether Hydrus had listened or not, because he knew he would have. "I thought we were going to look at broomsticks," Hydrus said, the faintest whinging tone slipping into his voice. "And we shall," Lucius said, "right after I finish my business with Mr Grotler." Hydrus said nothing; Lucius glanced back at him and saw his son's attention had been captured by a ragged wizard huddled beside a rubbish bin. "How revolting," Hydrus said, taking no care to keep his voice down. "I think I'd rather die before I lived like that." The wizard's face scrunched up, and he reached into the pocket of his tattered robes, but Lucius already had his wand out and had hit the man with a non-verbal Stunning spell. Hydrus looked delighted. "This way," Lucius said curtly, and Hydrus hurried after him. Grotler's Apothecary was a dingy little shop, squeezed between a shop selling magical creatures where Lucius had once purchased an Occcamy, and an even smaller shop where one could pay to have curses or enchantments placed on people or objects. Grotler himself looked right at home in the dim, cramped space of his shop; he was a squat man, with one eye, a hunched back, and rather lopsided smile. Hydrus looked around at the ingredients and phials that lined the ceiling-high shelves. "Don't touch anything," Lucius warned him. "Mr Malfoy," Grotler wheezed, limping toward him. "To what do I owe the pleasure?" "I wanted to gauge your interest in certain items that have come into my possession," Lucius said, procuring a list from his robes. Grotler snatched the parchment out of his hand and examined it. "Ye're scared of the raids," Grotler said knowingly. "Aren't ye, Mr Malfoy?" "That's none of your business," Lucius replied, frowning. Scared certainly wasn't the right word, in any case. Concerned was more appropriate, in his opinion. He'd worked far too hard to get to where he was, only to lose it because a nosy Auror discovered a few poisons in his home. His joke of a niece and her Auror partner thankfully hadn't found anything, but Lucius had doubted she would be the last Auror to try to investigate him. He shivered at the thought of McKinnon being in charge of such a raid; she, he knew, wouldn't leave until she'd found something. Lucius intended to make sure that there was nothing to find. "What is your business," Lucius continued, "is whether or not you're interested in any of those." "And if I'm not?" Grotler wheezed. "I'm visiting Borgin next week," Lucius told him. "He'll buy what's left over… I just thought, given that potions are your field, that you might appreciate a chance at some of the more… unique items." "Borgin'll buy anything, without really appreciating it," Grotler said, scowling through his grubby window at Borgin and Burke's. "It'd be a waste to see some of these things end up with him. " Grotler limped back to the counter to fetch a quill and