Disclaimer: Harry Potter is owned by J.K Rowling of course. Here stands a girl in a hole she has made Chapter 1 FIRST YEAR 1969-1970 "Hey James," Eva laughed, ruffling James' hair, "don't cry! I'll be back for Christmas!" "I am not crying," James denied but the fact that he wouldn't show his face, preferring to hide behind his hands and turning his back to Eva showed that he was in fact crying. "Stop lying," Eva rolled her eyes. "We both know you really are crying. I'll miss you too, you know." "I won't miss you at all!" He retorted, turning to glare at her with bloodshot eyes. She pointed at him. "Your eyes are actually watery!" "Shut up!" He glared at her. "Aww James," she cooed. "I will miss you endlessly," she said as she moved to hug him. He refused to stop crossing his arms in front of his face — many times Eva told him that being open with his feelings was nothing to be ashamed of but ashamed he still was — therefore it made it quite uncomfortable to hug him. His crossed arms were hurting her breastbones but the warmth of holding him close to her made it worth it. He sniffed and the sound suddenly made Eva emotional too. "Idiot, now you're going to make me cry too," Eva laughed weakly, her chin wobbling as the emotion overwhelmed her. She tightened her hold on him, pressing her face down on his unruly hair. "James, sweetheart, Eva will write you letters," Aunt Dorea told her son, watching the scene with soft eyes. Her husband and sister were standing on either side of her. For their part, watching the scene with amused smiles. James moaned something that nobody understood. "Enunciate when you talk, young man," Eva's mother told him. He muttered something else but nobody understood him once again. "It would be a good idea to teach him how to speak before his entrance to Hogwarts," Eva's mother told her sister and brother-in-law with arched brows. As the two sisters started bickering about the Potter's heir, Eva raised her head to not speak to James' hair, her arms still wrapped around her cousin's back. "Actually, I have a gift for you James." He hummed in a grouchy tone. She let go of him and turned on her heels to get to the handbag Aunt Dorea gifted her with for her entrance at Hogwarts and in which she had put her wand, candies and books for the travel. She hide the gift behind her back and graced James with a smile. He was making a face as he was scrubbing his face, his eyes looking more bloodshot than one minute before. The humidity of her collar was indeed caused by James' teardrops even if he would valiantly deny it. "What is it?" James croaked. She presented him with the gift. "You haven't even wrapped it?" Her mother said disapprovingly. "He is going to use it right away so I didn't see the point," Eva tried to explain. Her mother just arched her brow, not impressed, and Eva decided to just focus on James instead of her mother's comments. "Come on, take it! It's for you!" She smiled brightly, shaking the notebook with drops of water drawn on it and "It's raining ideas!" written in bold on it. James took it in his hands. He frowned as he let his finger graze the cover. He opened the notebook and on the right corner of each page there was a cloud with a different expression drawn. "Hum, why?" "It's enchanted! This way we can write to each other instantly instead of waiting for our owls to deliver our letters! Do you like it?" James cocked his head as he stared at the cover. "I don't like the drawings but yeah, I like it." "Don't say yeah James. We say 'yes'," His mother told him off. "Yes, mom," he said petulantly. "Thank you Eva." "You're welcome," she smiled and, not finding the strength to hold back with how cute his frowny face was, she rushed to hug him once again. "You're crushing me!" "I don't care!" She nuzzled her nose in his hair and inhaled the scent that was so James. Merlin, she was going to miss her midget. After having spent pretty much all of summer in his company, it would be weird to wake up tomorrow morning without him jumping up and down on her bed. It would be weird tonight to not go steal some cookies and milk together before going to bed to whisper about everything and falling silent but mostly giggling when they heard the creak of the floor outside his room when one of his parents passed by. How is Hogwarts?! Beautiful. I cried a bit when I first saw it. Frank made fun of me. Alexander Rosier and Jonathan Mulciber (the two other boys on the boat) didn't, just stared at me weirdly, but, now, every time we meet they pretend to cry. YOU CRIED! Yes. Shut it. You cried too when I left you on the platform. You shut it! I didn't cry! Frank is Gryffindor. I am sad. I don't see him much now. Gryffindor is awesome! Hufflepuff is amazing too. The Common Room is so cozy and everyone is nice. The second night they organized a gathering to welcome the First Year students! I have a 'Godfather'. His name is Ted Tonks. He is a Sixth Year Hufflepuff. He showed me the way around Hogwarts and helped me with my homework. What is a Godfather? Mom and Dad didn't tell me we had a Godfather at Hogwarts! I think it's a Hufflepuff thing. I talked about it with Frank and he told me they don't have that in Gryffindor. If he's lost he can only ask the prefects for help. But in Hufflepuff it's a tradition that you pick a First Year to help him/her out. I think it's a really nice tradition. Ted is really nice. DO YOU HAVE A CRUSH ON TED What?! No! He is just nice! Not like you. YOU HAVE A CRUSH ON HIM What did you do today? We flew all day with dad! It was wicked! Dad says he is sure that I will be on Gryffindor's Quidditch team! I can't wait! I'm excited for you! I can't wait to cheer for you during the matches! BUT YOU'LL BE THE ENEMY Shut it James. We won't be enemies. We're just in different Houses. Not on different sides of a war. SAME THING GRYFFINDOR WINS Merlin, I hope your mother doesn't catch you writing like that. You'll be grounded with English lessons for months. DON'T CARE Pff, you won't say that when Aunt Dorea will clean your mouth with a spell. Last time you regretted it pretty badly. I remember some tears as well. NOT TRUE Don't lie to yourself. Moreover, there is nothing to be ashamed of. Soap is disgusting. I would have gagged too. BYE EVA HAVE A NICE TIME ENDURING LESSONS DURING ALL THE WEEK WHILE I'LL BE FLYING IN THE GARDEN If James was in front of her, she would have hit him. How rude! The months of her first year flew by. Slowly during some weeks, and entirely too fast during others. Ugh, I am so annoyed! I worked with Frank at the library since we never hang out anymore but he gets everything so fast! He finished his essay in one hour and he makes it look so easy while I am just dying with the homework! WHY IS HE SO CLEVER WHILE I AM NOT?! WE DON'T CARE ABOUT THAT YOU CAN DO THE SPLITS AND HE CAN'T Thank you, James. (She would have liked for him to be with her to hug him tightly, always needing physical comfort to raise her spirits up, but as the tears dropped on the notebook, she was glad he wasn't here to witness her anguish, hidden as she was behind the curtains of her bed. Charlotte and Emmeline's chatter the only sound in the room except for her ragged breathing.) NARCISSA BLACK COMPLIMENTED ME ON MY FORM THAT'S GREAT! WHO IS SHE? She is the vice-captain of the gymnastic club! I'm so happy! I just want to scream my joy to the world! DO IT A huge grin still twisting her lips, she looked up from the notebook. The breeze of the late afternoon making the grass and her hair flutter. "Hey Charlotte! Do you want to run a little?" Charlotte looked up from her book, her glasses falling down on her nose. "Running?" "Yeah! I want to run and shout!" "Er, no thanks. I rather stay seated." "Come on, Charlotte! It'll be fun!" Eva whined with a pout, taking hold of Charlotte's hands to try to pull her up. After a little bit of push and pull, Charlotte sighed in defeat and agreed. "I AM THE QUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN!" They ran down all the way until the lake. The screaming First Years making all the students at hearing range look up. "Keep it down!" Snarled a mean looking Slytherin girl with a beautiful mess of black curls when they ran passed her. Eva took off with a laugh, pulling Charlotte behind her when the blonde Hufflepuff looked mortified. "Come on, Char! We're going to be Hogwarts next legends!" "What are you talking about?" Charlotte shouted, trying to make herself heard as Eva continued to run with joyful shouts. Eva's smile was as bright as the May's sun shining down on them when she looked over her shoulder to look at Charlotte but, blinded by the sun even if she had put a hand on her forehead, Charlotte only distinguished the shadow of Eva's face. "We will be legends, I'm telling you! Hogwarts won't forget us!" I'm so embarrassed. We ran and shouted because I needed to release my joy but when we started playing at the Lake, Ted and his friends arrived. Ted's friends (Luke and John) started poking fun at Ted by saying his protegee was a troublemaker and that he should punish me — apparently I would enjoy it. At first, I didn't understand but then Ted's face became all red, his friends started laughing really loudly and one of them wrapped his arm around my shoulder and told me I could ask Ted out because it was the first time he has seen Ted blush except for that 'one time with Black's skirt' therefore he would accept. Ted left without saying anything and now I am afraid he's angry with me. Even though, it's his friends' fault. I don't understand why he hangs out with them. They are mean. You know, at the gathering of the beginning of the year when Ted was picked as my Godfather, Luke was the one who came to ask Ted if he could swap First Year with him because the one he picked was really ugly. You know, there is this stereotype of all Hufflepuffs being kind but I'm telling you, there really are mean ones here. Even Alexander Rosier and Jonathan Mulciber are kinder than him. They cheered for me when there was the mid-year competition at the gymnastic club. Maybe I judged them too harshly. They are pretty nice when they want. TED'S FRIENDS NOTICED YOU HAVE A CRUSH ON HIM! IDIOT! YOU'RE SO NOT DISCREET! STOP TALKING TO THIS LUKE AND JOHN! THEY ARE GITS! AND ROSIER AND MULCIBER TOO! THEY ARE NOT NICE! AT THE LAST MINISTRY CHRISTMAS BALL THEY KEPT MAKING FUN OF ME Oh my god, when will you stop saying I have a crush on Ted? I do not. Alexander and Jonathan are nice but if they treated you that that way... No one messes with my midget. I'm not a midget! I grew up since Christmas! I bet I am still a head taller, though. I'M NOT THE ONE WITH A LAME CRUSH ON