Return of the Potters Characters: Harry Potter, James Potter, Lilly Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, Ginny Weaseley, Fred and George Weasley, Luna Lovegood and Neville Longbottom, Arthur and Molly Weasley, Albus Dumbledore, Minerva McGonagall, Severus Snape, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, Dan Granger, Emma Granger, Mad-Eye Moody, Nymphadora Tonks, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Cornelius Fudge, Deloris Umbridge, Dudley Dursley Timeline: The summer right after the trial and the trio are getting ready to start their fifth year of school, as they prepare for the second term of their fifth year and are on their holiday break. Sypnopsis: After a summer of lies being told about him, Harry decides that rather than letting this go on to try something new and get the truth out, through a set of movies that focus on his life, while showing his cousin who he really is and what the truth could show if he changed, as he does what needs to be done, will this work or will it make things worse. Disclaimers: The Harry Potter stories don't belong to me, the story belongs to me, everything else belong to J.K. Rowling and Warner bros. Warning: With this story it's going to be in the first person point of view of Harry, as they make plans to change things, the text is going to be altered from the movies, but it's going to be showing the movies in later chapters, but first they're going to be dealing with telling the truth to the Dursleys as he prepares for a change in his future and they prepare to tell the wizarding world everything that the ministry is hiding. The second story of the saga in this story will be focused on the movie, this is a prequel leading into a watching the movies theme, but the movies cover the entire novel instead of the pieces that couldn't fit into a two hour movie. Chapter 1: Confiding In Friends After four months, I'd been dealing with the loss of a friend and after seeing him kill Cedric Diggory in front of me I'd been traumatized and I now reached the second stage, I looked at the adults who had raised this version of me now and hid a smile, my best friend's family had taken me in from the day I was eleven and I loved them like family. As I sat there I looked at the members of the order I'd known since I returned to my world, the wizarding world of Great Britian, it had been four years and some I saw as friends, others as mentors and for, a select few, enemies, but we all shared the exact same goal and that goal was getting rid of the biggest and most evil dark wizard of the generation. We all lost people we loved, none more so than my paternal guardians, who were my father's trio. In the years since I returned to my world, though, I'd been seen a symbol of hope and respect, because out of seventy victims I survived the avada kedavra curse, a curse that will kill automatically and had taken hundreds of lives, my friends had lost their loved ones, but others, like Neville Longbottom's family, had theirs torn apart, because of an act of magical blood supremacy and I realized I was the only one who could end it now. I survived four battles in five years with Lord Voldemort, who's real name was Tom Marvolo Riddle, but I knew there were several who'd believe me, but others who would take some convincing, as I thought over that I realized that if I had any chance of changing my future and protecting my muggle family it was time to change directions now, get the truth out and make alliances with the families that lost their loved ones. 'Okay I'm the son of James and Lily Potter, I'm the boy who lived, what else am I if Luna and Neville turned to me that fast, my friends in one section of the group are Ron and Hermione that's three, Ginny wound up in the middle of it that's four, but she was meant to be part of my life.' I thought as I looked at her and felt my heart skip a beat as I looked at her and she gave me a smile and I smiled back at her. 'Wait a second, Neville mentioned something to me about his parents and I saw the trial, aw god, that's it, we've been friends for five years and he's changed, alright that's five and Luna's mother must be a friend of mum's that's okay that makes six, Susan lost her parents to the death eaters, Cedric died helping me and the Prewett twins, alright so that's it, I've got to deal with this, but how.' I thought, before it hit me then. 'Wait a minute, Neville, Luna, Cedric, Susan..., that's it, I need to get them and their parents.' I thought. "Sirius there's more to my heritage isn't there?" I asked and Sirius nodded. "Yes, you're the heir to the Ancient and Noble house of Potter, you're also the heir of Gryfindor Harry, why do you ask?" he asked me and I smiled. "That explains why the sword came to me, I'm the heir of Gryffindor and Voldemort is the heir of Slytherin." "Professor Dumbledore said that only a true Gryffindor can pull that out of the hat, only a true protector of every kind of magical blood can defeat the dark arts and Voldemort. I'm that leader and person, okay that makes sense, what else? Those stupid idiots, alright the Hufflepuffs crossed a line Professors, guys you recall our conversation after the scene in the dueling club?" I asked and the quartet all nodded as I explained it to them. "I'm the heir of his enemy or his former friend or just his best friend, but here's the catch, for whatever reason I gained Riddle's powers, I'm meant to protect our people, I mean they accused me of being the heir of Slytherin, I got a gift to control snakes, that doesn't make me dark wizard, I used it to protect Justin and save Ginny. My track record speaks for itself, I'd risk death just to protect someone I love, said someones my sister and possibly my future wife, do I sound like I'm the heir of Slytherin, does it look like I'm a Pureblood supremacist." I said and she smiled as she answered me. "No it does not Potter, you've been through a lot over the last five years. But James is going to be the one to tell them the truth of that. You're a Gryffindor, but you show aspects of every house, you're smart, loyal, brave and choose who are to be your true friends. So you show the best of every house at Hogwarts, as do your friends, but that's what separates you from the Dark lord dear, you show everything he isn't." Professor Sprout said with a gentle smile and I nodded as I finished my sentence. "That's why you're so protective of me when I came back isn't it, I'm everything you remember in my father when he was sixteen and older, right. For me eternal glory is nothing, I never wanted to be in the tournament. Cedric is the true Hogwarts champion. I get enough attention as it is without being thrown into something like this and to top it off it kills a member of another house, because the death eaters don't know when to quit." I said as I tried to hold it in as I looked at the members of the order who were in the faculty, my teachers, the school nurse and McGonagall nodded to that declaration. "I heard part of that outburst when we brought you to the house son, you've been holding this in for months correct?" Moody said and I nodded. "I want to be like you, but thanks to that title I can't, I want to be normal wizard, I want a family. I never wanted the eternal glory nor did I ask for a friend to die right in front of me. I was relieved when you told me what you were doing and why I hadn't heard from the real you." "Or my parental guardians Professor, if you just gotten in touch with me I wouldn't lost my temper when you brought me up here." I said and sighed as I finished my sentence. "I also didn't know or guessed that Sirius was with the ten of you all this time, I thought he'd been killed or arrested by the ministry, Fudge has got it stuck in his head that he's a threat when the true threat is running loose working out there and with him." "Is stooge for the biggest threat in our world, I also wish Remus had stayed in touch with me, I mean if I had both him and Sirius contacting me during the summer I wouldn't be in the condition I was when you came to get me last summer. In truth, though I've got all of you now, all I've got left of my father and parents is them. I mean I just met you two and instead of seeing you for the last few summers, giving me the paternal attention I needed, I'm left alone." I told him and they exchanged guilty looks at that. "Sirius in the muggle world the act of going without a father, it does emotional damage to a girl. They, if the bond is strong search out the man most like their father and once found the connection gets established. But loss of either parent does damage either way, he grew up without parents till you and the Wesley's came into his life. Why do you supposed he's so willing to put his life at risk every year, just to protect us?" Mione asked and the quartet swallowed at the news as Molly and Arthur turned to us at that. "Are you saying that portion of what Rita wrote at the beginning of the tournament last year was true?" Molly asked and she nodded. "Yes, thanks to nobody making contact with him, up until school started in first year he'd been abused and neglected. His emotional state was complete selflessness, to the point of being suicidal now. If you'd given him someone to latch on to at six years old he wouldn't be getting this reckless." "He'd be a normal child, raised in our world, a family, and be like everyone else and thanks to the system, your belief system, you've effectively just turned him as reckless as it could get. Until he met me had no one who cared enough to actually act like a sibling. The twins have now taken that position, getting overly protective, after the chamber. The death eaters chose the only sure way to destroy us at the time." "By ordering nobody was to make contact with him till you did in the summer of first year. And not realizing this, you, of the Order of the Phoenix, finished the job. But the purebloods belief system has turned your chosen one into a walking time bomb, out of being selfless. These last twelve years until you came back into his life Remus and with you was Sirius and suddenly last year everyone is worried out of their minds." "It's too little, too late, but to reverse the damage and keep us alive you've got to change that decision right now. Or it's going to kill, not just us, but our entire world, and he's right, if you just come back to check this wouldn't be happening, snuck the letter into his cupboard when he was seven. After Dursley tried to kill him and he'd get the truth and seek you out and he's be raised in your ways now." she said and Sirius said it. "We're the true