Disclaimer: Not mine, obviously and also MalexMale but that's closer towards the end and isn't more than just handholding. You have been warned though, so there. The first time it happened it had been Hazel and that was just as much as a shock as anything else. Will hadn't even realized the reticent girl with kind eyes and warm smile had approached him until she jerked him back slamming him into the side of the cabin wall and she wasn't smiling and her eyes were the furthest thing from kind now. She looked… frightening and Will heard himself swallow as he held his hands up in passive surrender. He has no idea what he's done to deserve so much hostility from the kind girl but he instantly regretted whatever it was because there was a reason Hazel had been chosen to be part of the Big 7 (as everyone is so fond of calling them nowadays) and he's pretty sure he just realized what it was. "Um… hi," he somehow managed to get past the sudden cotton clogging his mouth as he blinked owlish blue eyes at her. She bl inked back before stepping away from him and Will allowed a slight relieved breath to escape his throat as she seemed to collect her thoughts. Will didn't give her much time to speak, though, not that she wasn't so close or murderous looking. "Weren't you, Frank and Reyna supposed to have left for the other camp by now?" he asked curiously because, surely, they didn't all stay just so she could scare 10 years off of Will's lifespan. Or to give him a mini heart attack- whichever came first. "We were," Hazel agreed with a narrowed gaze and Will was back to swallowing cotton, "but we all decided to stay several days longer to make sure everything was okay." Will wasn't entirely sure why any of them would suddenly be fretting over the camp's safety but he figured it made sense. Everyone lost somebody in the battle but they had all lost a companion and a friend. It made sense to want to spend a couple extra days with each other. That still didn't explain why Hazel was here slamming him into cabins though. "Did I do something to offend you?" he blurted so suddenly he clamped both hands over his mouth and silently prayed that she hadn't heard. She had, of course, because the gods hated him and Hazel was definitely going to kill him now. Hazel just glanced at him with a pensive expression before she let out a soft smile and she shook her head, brown curls bouncing around her features.. It made her look old and youthful simultaneously and it would have left Will breathless if he wasn't concerned about being murdered so suddenly. "You can be as dense as Percy sometimes," she whispered and Will didn't know if that was an insult or compliment and he didn't get long to dwell on it because Hazel was suddenly staring back at him with an intense expression he couldn't help but shrink backwards; she seemed to notice and backed off some but not before warning, "Don't even think about hurting him, Will, or I'll bury you so far in the earth no one will ever find your remains." Which was frightening, for sure, but also confusing because who was Will even capable of hurting? He was a healer and didn't go out of his way to injury people purposefully but Hazel seemed deadly serious about it so she must think he was more than capable. "Hurt who?" he ventured bravely and, this time, when she glowered at him he didn't wilt away because now she was questioning everything that made Will Will and that was just not okay no matter how scary or important Hazel is. When he didn't back off Hazel's expression softened slightly but it was better than nothing at all. And in her softening features Will recognized something else- some sort of fond reminiscent expression that had Will blinking because Hazel might be nice to everybody but only one person could make her flip from threatening warrior to this. Her brother. Nico. "Why would I ever want to hurt Nico?" Will asked her because if Hazel thought he was even remotely capable of hurting a friend then she was sorely mistaken and perhaps not as smart or clever as everyone makes her out to be. Her eyes snapped back up towards him as she defended quickly, "I don't think you'd ever intentionally hurt my brother but he's had a hard life and I'd hate to see you play with his feelings so carelessly." "Play with his- What are you even talking about anymore?" Will demanded because now he's as confused as ever. Hazel just gave him a gentle smile as she whispered softly, "Yup. Definitely as dense as Percy," before walking away leaving Will alone with his thoughts. And she left plenty for him. The next time happened almost immediately after Hazel disappeared except this time it came into the form of her boyfriend- Frank, an equally nice guy as Hazel but- like her- could turn scary with a drop of a hat. They're perfect for each other. But not so much for Will because he was regarded with another frightening expression that made him want to disappear forever. "Hey Frank. You're girlfriend just left," Will stalled as he crept across the back of the cabin and away from the murderous looking shape shifter because- yup- he was definitely going to kill him. "I came to speak to you," Frank explained in a neutral enough voice but his eyes were brimming with enmity Will didn't 100% believe necessary. After all, he's done nothing of any sort of ill will towards either Hazel or Frank yet they both seemed to agree to regard him as some sort of enemy. But, then again, if it involved Nico then he doesn't see how he could be regarded as anything other than a villain. If something had happened to Nico… "Is Nico alright?" Will demanded as the sudden need to make sure the son of Hades was alright filled him and left him breathless and trying to see over Frank's shoulder. The warrior just let out a soft sigh as he quickly reassured, "Nico's fine and you need to understand that I want to keep it that way." Will allowed his shoulders to sag as relief filled him along with so many questions. "Why do you and Hazel suddenly believe I have ill intent towards Nico?" he demanded defensively because, out of everyone in the camp, he figured Nico was the least capable person of getting hurt by him. "It's not that we think you have any sort of ill intent but Nico is my friend and her brother and there's a sort of responsibility that comes with that," Frank explained reasonably and Will understood that but didn't understand what that had to do with him. "Have I offended Nico?" he asked a sudden sickening feeling of dread filling his entire being as he tried to imagine Nico- independent strong Nico- getting upset over something Will stupidly did or said. Frank regarded him another look as he replied, "No." "So why are you both suddenly afraid over me hurting Nico or his feelings?" Will demanded and- to his surprise- Frank started laughing. It wasn't loud nor eccentric but it was genuine and something about it irked Will- like they were in on some secret and, for the life of him, Will couldn't figure out what it was. But he wasn't stupid nor suicidal and he still remembers the look in Frank's eyes as he approached him. The look he still faintly has, so Will just stood several feet away frowning like a little kid in trouble. "You really don't know?" Frank asked after a long pause and Will just shook his head. Frank snorted, clapping a large hand over his shoulder as he leaned forward his expression back to being scary as he threatened, "Just make sure you don't hurt him or do I have to tell you what will happen?" Will shook his head, heart hammering in adrenaline fueled panic. Frank gave his hand a firm squeeze before he disappeared in a fashion similar to Hazel's and if Will didn't know any better than he expected it all to be just some bad joke they were playing on him. A prank. Unfortunately, he knew better but he also knew someone who could help explain exactly what was going on. Nico. He didn't even make it half way across camp before Reyna had caught up to him and wasted no time in slamming him into another cabin with a knife to his throat. Her eyes were on fire as she curled her lip back into a nasty looking snarl. "Make him cry and I'll break you Solace," she warned wasting zero time in theatrics and Will didn't even need to be told who the he in question was. "I would never intentionally hurt Nico," Will explained hoping it was enough to get this warrior away from him because Frank and Hazel- he knew- were overall kind people but Reyna was different. She didn't seem unfriendly just… aloof and didn't exactly strike Will as someone who would mourn someone like him. Especially if she thought Will held any threat over Nico's (apparently) defenseless head. "And besides," he continued as Reyna removed her blade from his throat, "I don't think you need to worry so much about Nico. He's more than capable of taking care of himself." Reyna snorted, cracking a smile that was nowhere near as kind as Hazel or Frank's had been but didn't seem unfriendly either. The smile wasn't directed at Will though, her eyes had glossed over- as Will assumed- she thought about her younger companion. "You are correct," Reyna agreed with a nod of her head, "but Nico is still capable of hurting and I am his friend," her eyes met his, hardened in resolve as she half-explained half-threatened, "I don't want Nico to hurt anymore." "Me neither," Will defended quickly thinking back to the hug Reyna and Nico shared shortly after the battle. It seemed the young half-blood has changed since he left camp all those years ago and now he's got an entire army on his beck and call. That is, if Nico knew his friends were even out threatening his well-being. If Will had to guess, he'd say Nico probably didn't. After all, the kid might just appear to be violent but not unnecessarily so. He might pitch a fit and threaten Will with bodily harm but there's no way he'd send others to do for the dirty work for him. So, no, Nico was just as oblivious as Will felt. Reyna just continued to regard him with a bitter expression, arms folded over her chest as she still gripped her knife tightly. Then she smirked and replied, "Make sure you don't," before walking away. Nico wasn't at his cabin so Will had to search for him, which he eventually did manage to find and was only sort of surprised to see him talking with Annabeth and Percy. He was grinning- beaming- and his hands were gesturing all over the place. Who could've guessed Nico was a hands person? Not Will that was for sure. "Hey guys," he greeted warmly as he stepped over to the trio. Three pairs of eyes found his but it was Nico's happily glowing ones that caught Will's attention. Everything about the youth seemed positively happy and the furthest thing from being hurt it left Will deciding Hazel, Frank and Reyna were making a big deal over nothing. At least until he caught sight of the other two pairs. Annabeth's expression seemed guarded but her eyes had narrowed at him nevertheless, one hand on her hip. Percy was less causal about it as his handsome features were