IT'S EDITING TIME DEARS! PLEASE BEAR WITH ME AS I TRY TO IMPROVE THIS STORY. IF I FALL SHORT OF THE MARK, THEN I AM SORRY. IF THAT IS ALL, LET'S GET THIS SHOW ON THE ROAD. SIDE NOTE: I wanna thank CharitinaX for making me go back and re-read this damn story because if she hadn't I wouldn't have realized how cold-hearted I had made my OC. Yeah, must've lost my damn mind when I first started. XD Okay dearies, for reasons that I'm hoping you'll understand I have decided to completely redo the story. Let me explain something about this whole thing: I love writing, don't think that I don't. I mainly write for my entertainment. And for others as well. If I happen to not like what I've done I will go back and either edit the crap out of it or completely redo the whole blasted thing. Improvement is always present when writing...and it should be shown within the writing itself. Okay, with that said, I shall now get on with the damned show... o~O~o I just love how I get myself into these situations. No, really, I do. Means a lot to me when I can really screw something up. Hell, the last time I messed up this big...no, no, I really don't wanna think about that because right now thinking is what'll get me killed. No, I'm going to have to rely on good ol' instincts. Funny on how something like that will save me where my damned brain won't. Huh...actually, I've started death in the face more times than I can count. And somehow, I always managed to make it out without having to resort to becoming that which I feared most: a monster. However, I don't think that I'm gonna be able to do that this time. No, I will wind up losing a part of myself to save those that I love...unfortunately, I may never get that piece of my being back. At least, not back to how it was before all this started… o~O~o Resting my head in the palm of my hand, I tried to block out all the negative feelings that were radiating from my sister. Bella and I had mixed feelings about moving to Forks. On one hand, I did relish the idea of getting out of the one place that seemed to constantly remind me of what I had gone through. And the other was the nagging in my mind that told me that this might not be the best idea in the world. After all, it's hard to remain under the radar if you wind up doing something stupid that would put you back onto it. Honestly, I would rather not be on it again. I sighed as I listened to Mom constantly asking Bella and me if we were really sure that we wanted to go. Really, this was beginning to get on my nerves. Not that I don't understand why she kept on asking, it was because she didn't want to let her babies go. I understood that. So instead of allowing myself to be annoyed, I let the emotion go and settled on a warm smile. Really, Mom was rather protective of her daughters. Bells looked over at me as I looked over at her with a small grin. Really, she was worrying about me again. She had been for the last few years and really, that was okay. I didn't mind it at all that she was, even though I did hate to make her worry. My sister could be such a worry wort. It could be rather cute. "Aren't you scared?" Bella asked, looking at me a little too closely. It could be rather unnerving giving she knew what I was capable. I was only to happy to know that she hadn't gone through the same ordeal that I had…that she was still normal. I would see to it that she remained as she was…it was the least that I could do. "Terrified," I mutter, going back to looking out the window. "I've always hated planes. You know that," I look over at her. "You know as well as I do that being this high up on the ground has always bothered me." Bella snorts. "You're lying." I blink. "How on earth do you know if I am?" I was curious since it didn't seem like I had been. "You've always been a terrible liar," she gripes. "I always know when you're lying to me, Sar. You might be able to fool others, but you can't fool me." I merely shrugged. "Who said I was lying?" "I did." OH, right. I gave her another smile. "Unfortunately," I sigh. "I am not lying. I hate heights. Always have and always will." Although, there were times when I had to go to rather high heights in order to accomplish certain assignments. If I ever so choose to do ever get involved again in the supernatural – even though, technically, I am a part of it. My sister just pouted at me. Something tells me that she's gonna sulk on this entire trip. Not that that bothers me. Matter of fact, I am looking forward to yanking on her chain till the plane lands. It'll help keep me from being afraid of it for a little while. Of course, there is one advantage to being up so high – it's seeing the world from the eyes of a bird. It looks rather beautiful down there, but looks can be very deceiving as I can attest to that. After a few moments, I allowed my mind to drift, remembering things that honestly, I can do without having engrained into my memory. Of course, not everyone can control what they remember or when the memories decide to hit them. So I had to deal with the small flashbacks, unfortunately. Really, I would rather go through having my teeth pulled then remember the darkness and death that I had been subjected. My mind snapped back to reality when I realized that the plane had finally landed. This was surely going to be entertaining since Dad and Bella were the two most awkward people when it came to emotions. I mean, after what I had been through, I was a little more reserved than I wanted to be, but still, if there was a chance to make things even more awkward then I will gladly take the opportunity. And I might just do that. Dad gave a strained grin as he hugged Bella awkwardly with one arm. I stood back since I had this idea of giving my father the biggest hug that I could muster. Just for shock value. So the moment he released Bella I stepped up with the biggest smile I could come up with and hugged the hell out of him. It was so damned amusing to see the emotions play out on our father's face. He hadn't expected me to do that. Surprise! The drive to Forks was spent in an uncomfortable silence. Well, for them anyway. I found it to be rather pleasant. Yes, I am a horrible, horrible person for being entertained by their discomfort. Really, I do need to have my head examined…er, then again, maybe not. Wasn't any fun the first time I experienced something similar to that. After an hour we got to Forks – via driving – a nice town. A little boring as some places can be seen as, but I think I can keep myself entertained. It's my sister that has me worried since as far as I can remember she had never liked this town. Now, in all honesty, I don't necessarily blame her – however, now that we are here I think we should take the time to enjoy. Easier said than done I know, but I think we can make it work. Shouldn't be too difficult. As long as nothing too abnormal happens then things should be right as rain. Getting settled into the house wasn't all that hard as Bella took her old room and I decided to take the attic. Dad had looked at me like I had lost my mind when I declared that I would take it for my own. I mean, it had been my room when I came here to visit on the rare occasions that I was sent into this general area. Guess he thought that I wouldn't want to keep it now that we'd be staying here permanently. "You sure you want the attic?" Dad asks, looking a little uncomfortable with the thought of me being up there. I'm not entirely sure why as I am quite used to being in dark places. I've got fantastic eyesight. No joke. I really do. Kind of scary if you ask me. Very scary. I grin. "Dad, it's fine. I'm not scared of the dark." Not really. I've got pretty good eyes. "I can see just fine." I almost forgot on how uncomfortable our father got when he was reminded that I wasn't exactly normal. I should be used to that by now. And I could as I walked up the steps to the room that I hadn't seen in about two years. Other than the fact that I had to do some major dusting, everything was still as it had been from the last time I had come to stay here. And as I opened up my laptop, I checked my emails. Imagine my relief when I noticed that there were no new emails. That was a relief since I had just gotten here. I did not want to find myself with orders to do something. Matter of fact, after that checking, I put on some music and just randomly started dancing around the room. Completely oblivious to everything around me until someone cleared their throat. "Hey sis..." Eloquent as always since I am sure I had almost jumped to the damn ceiling. Oh, if only the floor could eat me up alive. She just stood there with a grin on her face. "Hey." Awkward. Okay, must figure out how to fix this situation up…shit. I can't think of anything! Damn, that's supposed to be my job. Not hers! I think I need to regain that title or else I am going to have to do something drastic. Like jumping out of the window and attracting some undue attention since it wouldn't kill me. Yup, there would be some questions that I would not be comfortable with answering whatsoever. Of course, I didn't have a chance to rectify the situation as a horn honked outside of the house – naturally. I mean, it'd be kind of silly if there was horn honking in the kitchen. "Um…" I blink, glancing out a moment. "Did you order a truck, sis?" I do believe I feel my sarcastic side wanting to come out to play a bit. She shook her head. "Nope." Mores the pity. I so could've had some fun. I look over at her. "Think we should go out there and investigate this development?" She huffed. "You read way too many detective novels." I do? Huh. "Perhaps." Hey! I don't have to admit a damn thing! There's nothing wrong with reading. It's good for you. We headed outside, I kept a bit too close to my sister as I was rather over-protective of her. It doesn't matter if by chance I know who these people are, I do not want them anywhere near her. It's part of who I am and that is something that I will never be able to change. I am who I am. Unfortunately, being very protective and not able to trust very many people. Dad reintroduced the two of us to Billy and Jacob Black. Oh, boy. Ya know that feeling when you know that you're being lured into a trap? Yeah, I've got that feeling just now. I think Bella