Wow, I finally have a new story to put up here, after Lord knows how long of a writer's block. I hope you like it. For those of you that read my Twilight story Inferno for My Broken Heart I apologize for my recent lack of updates…I was hit hard and fast with writer's block and still have absolutely no inspiration for that story. :'( Disclaimer: I do NOT own Harry Potter or any of the characters or ideas associated with it. I do, however own the original characters Desdemona, Alexandria, and Ramses. Addison is owned by my friend Kimmy-chan and Thorn is based on my friend Rosie but owned by me…do NOT insult any of them seeing as Desdemona is partially based off of me and Alexandria is partially based off of one of my all time best friends known mostly to me as the werewolf girl…you know who you are ;p Enough of my overly long A/N…enjoy the story and please review with constructive criticism or helpful ideas to stave off any possibility of writer's block. Against the Odds A Harry Potter Fanfic by xXPsychoXx Chapter One I felt the heavy weight of my reticulated python, Draconis, coiled on top of me as I slowly slipped into consciousness. I groaned. It was the first time I had slept in months. " Risssse, Draconissss." I hissed in parseltongue. Draconis hissed in reply and slowly uncoiled his thickly muscled twenty-eight foot long frame. He slid to the floor with a loud thump as I threw the blankets from my body and swung my feet over the edge to meet the floor. The hardwood was pleasantly cold against my feet. I yawned widely and rose to my feet, walking swiftly into the bathroom joined to my large bedroom. I stripped out of my black shorts, tank top, and underwear before stepping into the shower. I turned the water on as hot as I could take it, not caring as my skin turned bright red under the assault of the near boiling water. I washed and conditioned my hair thoroughly with my Japanese Cherry Blossom shampoo and conditioner before thoroughly scrubbing my body with my exfoliating Japanese Cherry Blossom body scrub. I shaved quickly before shutting off the water and stepping out of the shower. I wrapped a fluffy black towel around my naked form and walked back into my room to dress. I toweled off quickly and pulled on an emerald green bra and thong set. Next, I selected a pair of black and green Tripp pants that clung to my hips and ass then flared out. They were very long and created pools of black cloth at my feet, completely hiding my shoes from view, the bottom hems were tattered from being walked on for so long. The stitching was emerald green and straps of the same color attached to D-rings on my back pockets and chains attached to them crossed at my knees making an x before looping back to connect to another set of green straps attached to my front pockets. Cargo pockets resided on the outer sides of each leg, chains dangled from each one. Handcuffs hung from the front left belt loop. I slid a black and green studded black leather belt with a snake head belt buckle through the belt loops to hold my pants up. After that I pulled on a tight black ribbed tank top with a skull and crossbones printed across the chest just under the words 'Death is just the beginning' written in the font from 'Blade2' in emerald green. Over that I pulled on a black modified straight jacket with chains and buckles wrapped around and hanging from the arms and midsection. Lastly I pulled on chunky, knee height lace up combat boots with a two inch platform sole. I walked across the room and sat at my desk to rifle through my jewelry box. I pulled out a black leather choker with a silver snake pendant with emeralds for eyes hanging from it. Next I slipped a stainless steel curved barbell with a skull and crossbones dangling from it into my belly button. Then I slid a black curved, cone tipped barbell into my eyebrow and a matching set of round curved spike tipped barbells into my snake bites. I left my usual steel barbell in my tongue, and a thin silver hoop was put in my nose. I placed onyx and emerald studs in the two piercings in my earlobes and silver cone tipped barbells in my two industrials. I searched through my jewelry box some more and found what I was looking for, a steel ring in the shape of a snake that coiled around my finger and had emerald eyes, I slid it onto my right middle finger. I slid another steel ring in the shape of a skull onto my right thumb. Lastly I slid a silver ring set with an onyx stone onto my left middle finger, my mother's wedding ring. I towel dried my short hair as I made my way back to my bathroom. I tossed my towel over the shower curtain rod to dry and stood in front of the recently defogged mirror to do my hair and makeup. I gazed at my reflection, staring indifferently at the dark circles that permanently surrounded my mismatched honey gold and ice blue eyes. I glanced away from the mirror as I heard the pounding footsteps advanced passed my room and down the hall to the only other room on the top floor of our mansion, my twin sister Alexandria's room. It sounded like Lucius was having a bad day. I chuckled as I heard my sisters bedroom door slam into the wall. "Get up you lazy twit!" Lucius commanded my sister. I hissed under my breath. If he disrespected my sister one more time he'd wish he'd never been born. "I'm up, Lucius, I'm up. Get the hell outta my room before I set Harpy after you." Lexi threatened. I chuckled, she was learning. Lucius stomped and I heard him slam the door shut and storm back down the hall and continue down the stairs. I returned my attention to my reflection in the mirror. My raven colored hair shined serpentine emerald green under the bathroom lights. I reached up into the cabinet and pulled out my hair gel; filling my palm with the goo I rubbed it into the back of my hair, styling it into messy black spikes. I straightened my bangs so that they angled down from the left to the right, hiding my honey colored eye from view. Then I lined my eyes heavily with black eye liner, hiding the dark circles of insomnia. I quickly brushed my teeth, smirking as the light glinted off of my extra long eye teeth. I heard Lexi's flip flops pad down the hall as I made my way back into my room. She pounded on my door. "Yeah, yeah, come in Lexi." I called through the cherry wood door as I searched my nightstand for my phone. Finally I gave up on looking for it the Muggle way. "Accio iPhone!" I called, waving my dark, monterillo wood wand slightly. The core of my wand was a Basilisk fang, very good for charms, hexes, and dark magic; combined with the wood of my wand, it was formidable with hexes and curses. The base of the wand was carved with a pentagram with an emerald inlayed at the center, and twining their way of from that pentagram were two snakes, their heads coming to rest just short of the wand tip, which was as sharp as any blade, and if set at your throat with enough pressure, would draw blood. My black iPhone soared across the room and into my extended hand. I slid it into my pocket. I picked up my wallet and shoved it into my back pocket and shoved my keys into one of my front pockets. My iPod went into one of my other front pockets. I slid a black messenger bag across my body from left shoulder to right hip. A black and green yin yang symbol decorated the front flap of the bag, on one side of the symbol a black dragon rips itself free of the black side of the symbol while a green snake slithers its way from the white side, both hissing at each other. I turned to look at my sister as I pocketed my wand, quite a bit of its thirteen and three quarter inch length stuck out. "Whaddya want?" I asked as I glanced at her form. She was lithe and thin, like me. Big chested, toned arms, muscular legs, pale skin. We are amazingly pale for having a half Spanish mum. Our faces showed our Spanish heritage though with a squared jaw, full lips, large eyes, thick perfectly arched eyebrows, and dark hair. Her eyes were the exact opposite of mine though. While my right eye was a warm honey gold her's was an icy blue, and where my left eye was icy blue her's was a warm honey gold. I hid my honey gold eye from view with a curtain of my black hair while she hid her blue eye with her own curtain of long black hair. While my hair was short and spiked, hers was long, to about the small of her back and held back in a loose braid with an angled fringe of black hair hiding her blue eye from the world. Ripped and torn faded jeans clung to her hips with the help of a gold and black studded belt with a hawk head for a belt buckle. A tight black t-shirt stretched across her torso, stopping only three inches above the low rising top of her jeans. A red-tailed hawk was printed across the chest of her shirt, looking as if it was flying right at you. Below the hawk 'Harpy' was written in the 'Buffy' font in gold. Black two inch platform flip flops adorned her feet showing off her newly painted black toenails. A black messenger bag, similar to mine hung across her body from right shoulder to left hip. Her's, like mine, bore a yin yang symbol, but her's was black and red with a red tailed hawk and a tiger. I could see the handle of her light wooded wand sticking out from her pocket, thirteen and three quarter inches of white oak with a dragon heartstring core. It was the perfect wand for her kind of magic, exceptional hexes and great defensive spells. Its design was similar to mine, with a pentagram carved into the handle and inlaid with a ruby at its center, but after that the design varied greatly. Instead of having serpents slithering up the length, there was a band of Celtic knot work spanning from the pentagram all the way around and meeting the other side of the pentagram. Then the image of a Celtic hawk with outstretched wings took up most of the wand. Its body began just above the pentagram, its tail feathers almost touching the rim, then it stopped five inches from the tip, with its head angled so one ruby inlaid eye could glare at you. Its outstretched wings wrapped around the wand, overlapping each other, one wing tip ending right at the razor sharp tip of the wand. "Nothing, just wanted to remind you that dad wants to talk to us about something. I think we're switching schools or something now that he's back. He wants us to do fifth through seventh years somewhere other than the Black Forest Academy of Sorcery. I dunno why though." She said, "Oh, and by the way, you can get in serious trouble for using magic underage." "Oh, shut it, Cornelius Fudge is a right git and you know it. He wouldn't dare call underage sorcery on me anyway, I'm a Riddle. Not to