The material fell to the floor with a dramatic flutter, from the darkness within two blood red eyes shone out, light touched a pale skull, veins criss-crossing lazily. Fear gripped Harry's insides as the eyes began to shine with glee. "N-no your dead, DEAD!" He yelled in desperation, tears beginning to form in his eyes, was this it, was this to be the end of Harry Potter, the illustrious boy-who-lived. "Ah," came a raspy voice, filled with hatred and contempt. "Yet here I am, boy ." "I'm not giving you the stone bastard, my parents were the last you killed and the last you will ever kill." He said defiantly. "Id like to see you try." He sneered, "Come on, hit me with your best." He laughed. Harry knew he had no chance, no lethal spells, nothing powerful ' I swear if I ever make it out of this alive I'm going to learn spells that actually do stuff.' He knew his only chance was something Voldemort wouldn't expect, even then it was slim. "Hahaha, fool, nobody here to die for you this time, just you and me. So ill give you one last chance. ~ Where is the stone?~" He finished, slipping into parseltongue in his anger. Harry looked at the ceiling and noticed the chamber he was in was a dome, the centre, where Voldemort was was in the middle of the room and the dome was held up by a cornerstone right at the top. It was then he had a flash of blind desperation, a scene involving a rampant troll suddenly came to mind. ' Maybe I can…? Well, what other choice do I have.' He raised his wand slowly, determination set in his face, blood dripped down from where he had impacted with the wall. " ~You wish to fight me? You are as foolish as your father boy~" He had foregone using English in an attempt to infuriate Harry, not realising Harry understood him perfectly. " ~I don't care~" He started, shocking Voldemort, " ~I hope you die for bloody good this time monster, goodness knows I won't be around to take you out a second time to remove you~ " He pointed his wand up. " ~Ha! I must've knocked something loose, I'm over here idiot.~ " Harry ignored him. ' Looks like my last act in life will be a murder, funny, started with one, now it ends with one. I'm sorry Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore, you all believed in me, mum, dad, I'm on my way.' He thought with a smile. "WINGARDIUM LEVIOSA!" He yelled, and with a mighty downwards arc the cornerstone moved with his wand and hurtled towards an unsuspecting Voldemort, who barely began to raise his arm when the roof collapsed on him. Harry closed his eyes, but rather than feeling the pain he was expecting he felt a different sensation. The same he realised as the time he had accidentally teleported from Dudley's gang; except this time, it was accompanied by the feeling of someone holding his arm. He reappeared in what he recognised as the hospital wing, he could hear a great crashing and crumbling sound in the distance, felt the vibrations of the castle, until it abruptly stopped. He looked up, distraught, and saw a familiar white beard. "Professor! It-it was Voldemort, and-I I, I kill-I, Hermione! Ron! Are they ok?" "Harry, Harry, calm down, all is resolved, Ron and Hermione are fine, right next to you in fact." He motioned to his side where Hermione and Ron were occupying beds, Hermione looking at her, her eyes shining with happiness. "Tonight's events were, trying. Perhaps," he offered a bottle of dreamless sleep draught. "You ought to rest and I will explain in the morning." He took the potion and the moment it touched his lips he was gone, waking almost instantly, to him, yet far more refreshed and relaxed. He pulled his head out the pillow the moment the doors opened and Dumbledore walked into the room. "Professor, I shouldn't have gone in that chamber." He started. "All is forgiven Harry, all is forgotten." "But was that Voldemort?" "Yes, yes that was, but it was merely a shadow, a shadow which you yourself have stopped." Dumbledore placated him. "But, I killed him, hell I thought I'd Killed me, I'm Just, just as…" "Bad as him?" Dumbledore asked. "But you see you did not kill in cold blood, you had no choice, you wanted to stop him. You had no other way of ending it, overpowering him wasn't an option." He said in a kind voice. "It would not do to dwell on it." "But it wasn't just him sir, there was the man he possessed, Quirrell, he, he had nothing to do with it." He said, tears forming in his eyes. Dumbledore took on a sad look, it always pained him greatly to see one lose their innocence. "For that, I have no simple answer Harry, but know this, with or without you, Quirrell was dead the moment Voldemort took hold of him." "He's going to come back again isn't he? Voldemort I mean." Harry said with resignation. "Yes, I fear that may indeed be the case." Dumbledore added ramosely. "Why? Why me?" "I, had wished to save you, your innocence, but in that I have failed, it may now be merely a question of saving your life". He stated sorrow filling his voice. "One evening, before your birth I was interviewing one Sybill Trelawney, a seer. For a position as a teacher here, when she uttered a prophecy." He picked up a piece of paper from within his robes and touched his wand to it, the words began crawling up the page and Harry read: The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies... Harry was dumbstruck, This was his purpose. "I'm sorry to have to show you this," Dumbledore said as he magically burnt the paper in a brilliant lilac fire. "No, thank you professor, I, I have a goal now don't I." Harry said looking up at him. "Besides, II already promised myself I would become stronger if I ever made it out alive." He said giving Dumbledore a determined look. "You are commendable Harry." Dumbledore started. "Not many young witches and wizards would have acted as honourably as you do. If you ever find yourself in need of help remember that Hogwarts provides help for all who need it." He said, his eyes twinkling like crazy. "Ah but you've listened to me rambling on for long enough now, I do believe your friends wish to see you." He sat up and left the room as Ron, Hermione and the twins came bounding in. "Harry!" Hermione started, "I was so worried, I'm glad you're ok." "Thanks Hermione I'm fine." "We all felt the castle shake," the twins said "It was amazing, could hear the slytherins shrieking from miles out." They all laughed and chatted away, Madam Pomphrey gave up attempting to chase them away after a while, much later she declared that he was fit to roam again, with a stern warning of being safer next time. Fred and George bid them farewell and broke off to get up to their usual hijinks. Harry, Ron, and Hermione decided that they hadn't explored the castle well enough with all the hassle the stone caused. So they began exploring, they had searched nearly the entirety of the first floor when Harry stopped. "Ron, Hermione, I have to tell you something." "What is it Harry?" Hermione asked. "I, I can talk to snakes." He said. Hermione looked confused but Ron gasped. "Snakes? Blimey Harry, you're a parseltongue." "Is it bad? I mean, Yesterday Voldemort was speaking in it and I've not seen anyone else do it either." "Well, of course you haven't, parseltongues are very rare mate, they say it's a sign of a dark wizard" He finished with a whisper. "But im not a dark wizard." "Well no, but its genetic, so it may be a case of having a dark wizard in the family," he rationalised, "or youre a Black." "A black?" Harry and Hermione asked. "Yea, very old family, and very dark." He finished. "Oh." Harry said softly. "Don't worry, they weren't all dark wizards you know, in fact the one I know of that wasn't dark was in Gryffindor, well, wasn't until the end." "Who?" "Sirius Black, Dad knew him, not sure how though." He mused. "Ah well, guess I've gotta do a better job then Hey?" He laughed. "So like, what does it sound like." "Well, like this," he said, " ~This day will be your last~ " He started to laugh. "Blimey mate that's creepy" "I know right man, but end of the day snakes are just another animal right?" "Its not just that, theres a whole load of spells that only people with parseltongue can do, even if someone practised the hissing and did it perfectly they'd be lucky for a spark." "that's interesting." Harry said. Hermoine looked to the two of them, "Guys, according to Hogwarts a History , there is rumours of a chamber created by Salazaar Slytherin himself, maybe there are tomes of this magic in there?" They all nodded in agreement but accepted that three first years were hardly going to find the chamber of secrets. So, they laughed and continued exploring, finding many spectacular things in the few days before classes resumed. For one they realised that there was a decent amount of the castle which was plainly unused except for a few hidey-holes the twins utilised. They found an old abandoned duelling arena that Harry realised would be perfect for the training he would be doing in the coming years, it was in the lower part of the castle, under the first floor at the least and the walls glowed faintly. Harry, in his curiosity sent his best curse, petrificus totalus , at the wall and watched in fascination as it was absorbed into the wall in a grey light. Hermione and Ron had stopped searching the castle with him after the fourth day, not everyone was as insanely curios as him it seemed, and Hermione preferred reading about exploration. It was the Sunday before classes started and Harry was resting on a ledge high up in the castle on the abandoned side overlooking the lake. Hearing footsteps behind him he saw Fred and George approaching, they sat across from him in a diagonal cutoff. "Hi harry." They said at once. "Hey guys." Harry said solemnly, looking over the beautiful sights. "Its good aint it? Sometimes we like to cause chaos, others just observe the peace." George started. "What's better is that no one thinks to look for the exited maniacs sitting still on a ledge." "Convinced we'd fall of ey Fred?" Harry smiled, he hadn't talked to the twins much but he knew that all the times he did were good conversations. "So" "Harrikins." "what seems," "To be getting you down," "Way up here?" Harry chuckled a little, appreciating their antics. "Well, musing I s'pose . Ive realised that what I learnt in the past year is downright useless if im in a tough spot, and, well, Voldemort came after me this year, he might do it again right? The twins had already heard about Harry's battle the past week from the Hogwarts grapevine so they were not incredibly surprised. "My my my Freddie, it appears we have one Potter in need of a good ol' Weasley makeover. "Why you