A/N : Just a quick little one-shot that came to me over a cup of warm tea on this cold night. It depicts the first conversation Peeta and Katniss have after the birth of their first child - it could be classified as "dark fluff" if that makes sense. It's rated M for mentions of suicide and brief descriptions of the sexual nature. I apologize for any thing that deviates from canon without my realization and of course it should go without saying that I don't own these characters - Suzanne Collins does. The lyric below belongs to The Long Winters song " Cinnamon ." It hasn't even been proofread much, so read at your own risk. I said, "Her skin is cinnamon," I don't quite understand the depths of my depravity until the first time I watch Peeta holding our child. Until that moment I had convinced myself that the blame for everything that was dark and twisted about me could be laid completely at the feet of the Capitol. I was mistrusting because of them. I was cold because of them. I had a hard time enjoying anything because of them. I suppose I could explain the surge of possessiveness I feel as Peeta cradles her in his big strong arms as being their fault too. After all, I had become possessive out of necessity. Things were always taken from me, so I had to hold fast to the scraps I was given. That was the Capitol's fault. Still, when a mother looks at the scene of her newborn daughter being fawned over by its doting father and feels a deep gush of jealousy, it has to be the kind of darkness that goes so deep that it's just natural. I should feel pride, love, joy. A whole host of other sugary emotions. And it's not that some of them aren't there. It's just that overriding all of that, there's that jealousy brought on by a realization that I never thought would rock me to my core. There's a now a person on earth that Peeta Mellark loves more than he loves me. He looks up at me through his lashes, the same big grin he'd been giving our daughter still shining so brightly that it takes more than his mouth to illustrate it. The grin is in his dewy eyes too. It falters only a little when his gaze catches mine. He's noted the grim look I must be sporting. "You look a little green over there, darling…envious?" My stomach plunges a little, ashamed he's been able to read me so easily. He's developed the uncanny ability of always being able to guess exactly what I'm thinking. I'd decided a long time back that it's a mixture of our shared experience and the fondness he seems to have for just gazing at me all day long "…don't worry, I won't completely turn her into a Daddy's girl. I'll share her with you." He winks, and makes his way back toward the bed to place the little squirming bundle back in my arms. Naturally good, sweet, precious Peeta thinks that the look he sees in my eyes is a feminine protectiveness of my newborn offspring. He's brought her back and planted her in my arms. Standing back to look at us, he bites his lip. The grin has taken him over to the point he literally has to bite himself to contain his joy. If I weren't so mad at myself, I would laugh at his quirkiness. Possibly even sarcastically tease him. "My girls," he breathes out on the softest, happiest little sigh I've ever heard. It's such a lovely sound. It makes me want to scream. Not at him. Not at the pink little bun on my chest. At myself. I hate myself for being this messed up. For ruining what should be one of the few luxuries of happiness I have left. I'm a new mother. I've brought new life into this world. I've made Peeta happier than he's possibly ever been. And I can't enjoy it. Not fully. I wonder if I'm meant to ever truly enjoy anything again. I burst out in hot angry tears which give way to choking sobs. Peeta picks up that these are no little tears of joy. Not even a big emotional display of joy. Joy is far from my pool of emotions right now, and apparently that means I should be as far away from Daddy's little girl right now as I possibly can be. He rushes back to the bed side and extracts her from my grasp. There's a part of me that wants to fight him. I do love this little baby, and there's the instinct to clutch her and hide her under me. Roar like a mother lioness. Still, I know that with my foulness the thing she needs protecting from the most is probably me. Am I true danger to her? Will this ugly feeling I have at now having to share my one comfort, my flower of hope, with another girl grow? What if when she gets older I'm one of those strange women who is so jealous of her daughter that she starts getting drunk and accusing her of enticing her father's attention for some repulsive purpose? I'll probably take it even further, accuse him of having similar gross intentions toward her and elevate to striking him. Poor Peeta, doomed to live out his childhood horrors all over. Maybe he'll be smart enough to pack her up and leave with her when it all starts. He's perceptive enough to take her out of the room now. He'll be her protector. He won't let me fuck her up. Underneath it all, I'm appreciative for that. He's a good father. At least she has one good parent. She . I haven't even got the sense to bottle my crazy until we've given her a proper name. We've flitted over several combos. Thousands probably. Neither of us sleep very well anymore, and our insomnia makes time for lots of talk. Now I'll even lose those valued minutes with him. We both owe our up all night time to her. A hot gurgle of resentment, a cool pang of self-loathing. Just when I'm thinking the room is so crowded with all my thoughts that it's suffocating, Peeta proves there's still an inch of room left when he eases back in. He no longer holds our daughter. Instead he's clutching a steaming mug. It's hot chocolate. I smell it on the air and it mingles with Peeta's trademark baking related scent. Today it's cinnamon. He'd been just covering thick unbaked loaves of spiced cranberry bread for rising when my water had broken. I know if I clasped his big hand to my face and inhaled, it would be just like sniffing a fresh clove. "I brought you a nice, warm pick-me-up…." he offers presenting the cocoa. I wipe my face with the sheets and hold out my shaking hands for the cup. Peeta knows better than to just chunk it over. He carefully laces my trembling fingers around the handle and forces the other hand to cup around the base. Even when they're perfectly in place, he doesn't let go of his own grasp on the mug. He gingerly leads it to my lips. I barely get a taste of chocolate before my body is shaking with my weeping again. He's so good at taking care of me, and it just further reminds me that there's another person who will have his care and attention like this from now on. Which reminds me that I'm a soulless bitch for being upset of that fact. It's a vicious cycle. "Careful," he warns, moving the hot liquid from my mouth and out of the danger zone "I don't want you to survive childbirth and strangle on hot milk and melted fudge." Naturally the powdered stuff hadn't been good enough for the mother of his new baby. I bury my face in my new freed and now warm hands. "Katniss, I'm sorry…I didn't mean to be morbid-" How could he possibly think that the queen of mocking would find his light-hearted joke too edgy? I uncover my face, taking in a stilling and shuddering breath. I hate crying like this. It doesn't solve anything, and it's definitely only spoiling things for Peeta who has some hope of finding the appropriate measure of delight from all of this. "No…I'm just tired…hormonal…sore-" I start listing off all the emotions that would be proper to be bogging me down just now. "-just making up excuses and masking your real feelings." He lifts his fair brow, having effectively silenced my spluttering. "So, how about you make good on an old promise, and be honest with me." It's actually a promise I've been forced to make to him several times. I'm not so good about holding up my end of the bargain when it comes to the whole sharing thing. "Wait…where did you put her?" It's only partly evading his question. It really did suddenly strike me that he left the room with our daughter and came back without her. I know Haymitch had been in the make-shift waiting area of our living room. Surely he hasn't entrusted our bundle of joy to him. I know he's as good as Peeta's father in a lot of ways, but he might very well lose track of a newborn in the midst of celebratory shots. "She's bonding with her grandmother…don't worry…she's safe…and Haymitch gave his approval between swigs of the sherry Johanna sent last week." It makes sense that I'd almost completely forgotten my mother was here. Even though she'd shown up on our doorstep a couple weeks ago to help me in the last stages of pregnancy and with the birth, it doesn't seem like we've exchanged but a handful of words. I generally operate as if she isn't hovering. "That bottle was supposed to be a congratulatory gift for us …" I don't really care at all, but this derails our previous discussion. "And a nice gift for an expectant mother it was…but it's in hands fit to take care of it properly now…as is our daughter….and as are you…" Peeta stretches his arms around me, and I go willingly into his embrace and lay my head against his chest. Not only is this one of my favorite positions, but it's also a good way to avoid looking in his eyes. If he's going to force me to share the ugly with him, I can't watch those big childlike eyes while I do it. He presses a warm kiss to my forehead, one set of his fingers fiddling affectionately with my mussed hair. My husband is tenderly waiting for his cold and distant wife to throw him a morsel of the same earnesty he affords her, and all the while he's trying to soothe her. The next words out of my mouth should be me detailing how he should pack up their daughter and get far away from me now. "I'm a terrible mother." Peeta laughs. That makes me grumpy, and I send a scowl up at him to let him know it's not the time for humor. "I'm sorry…but you have to admit that you're judging your mothering skills a little soon…you've barely been one for an hour…" he offers. "It took me a lot less time than for me to figure out you had absolutely no skills at hunting or tracking" I counter. "Fair enough," he acquiesces "though I would defend myself by saying I was in a life or death situation…the biggest hurdle you're facing my love is possibility of spit up and teething." "It's a lot more complicated than all that and you know it…especially for me…" I take a deep breath "I'm warped Peeta…warped beyond repair and it's been one thing to inflict that upon you all these years…but forcing