Miss Cresta Lives For A Day "Um, excuse me, what are you doing with my things?" Annie demanded as a maid was packing all of her things from her room. "Miss Cresta, a word if you may?" Annie's boss Mrs. Augustus called. Mrs. Augustus was a…frivolous woman, if Annie could possibly pin a word to her. She was so caught up in gaining a perfect figure through the use of corsets and heels that Annie doubted she understood the true root of her problem wasn't in the whale bones (she wore so many that Annie half suspected her to pop out fins and a tail) but in the fact she ate about five meals a day, and the reason why her children misbehaved wasn't because they were going through a phase but rather because she barely spoke three words to them on a week's basis. She sat there, in a beautiful fur robe, a martini in hand, pulling at her curls that weren't held back by her ribbon and nearly stuck to her chubby face, and said the words that Annie dreaded to hear, "Miss Cresta, I am quite aware that I told you that the last time that my boys pulled a prank like that I'd have you out of my house. Now poor Lysistrata has her whiskers chopped off and her white coat is black with ink. Have you anything to say for yourself?" Mrs. Augustus asked, her shrill voice causing Annie's cheeks to flame with indignation. "Mrs. Augustus, I believe I told you that I am a governess, not a nanny. I am in charge of teaching them, not disciplining them. That should be your job!" Annie informed Mrs. Augustus hotly. "I believe that your time here is through, Miss Cresta. I now understand there is a reason why at Coin's Employment Agency you are known as the Governess of Last Resort. Good day." Mrs. Augustus said, and Annie turned on her heel, storming down the stairs only to be handed her suitcase and her jacket. "I'm owed a week's wages!" Annie called, but to no response. She sighed as she gripped the handle of her old brown suitcase and walked out the door into the chilling London evening. She tried to suppress her shivers that wracked her but she really couldn't help it, the wind was biting and carried the bitter cold of winter. Now was not the time to be out of the job and out of the house. Annie sighed as she made her way down the street, trying to keep her hat on her head. Her mother had been right of course, a preacher's wife and school teacher herself, she should've stayed in the countryside. A governess's lot was sure to be better there. But she had come to London three years ago to pursue a life of her own, and she was a bit too strong willed to go back just yet. At least, Annie thought, I'll save enough money up for my own ticket. And once I have that money, I'll decide what to do then. It was at that moment, just as she was about to enter the train station to take shelter from the wind that a completely intoxicated man bumped right into her, sending her suitcase flying and all of her things spilling out. Annie was sent tumbling backwards and the man just laughed and turned back to his female companion, a gorgeous exotic looking woman who grasped his expensive looking tie and yanked him to her, and beginning to kiss him right in the middle of the station. A whole other crowd of women and men off the train began to laugh and holler at them, causing them to stumble behind, the man's hand on the woman's lower back as he kept kissing her neck. "No sense of decency." She muttered under her breath, shaking her head and she gathered the last of her things back into her suitcase and took a seat on one of the benches. Tonight was going to be a long night. "Ann Wimble, lost in the park for three hours." "Independence was all the girl needed." "Randall twins, wrested Constable Jenkins to the ground accusing him of being, 'A Nazi Conspirator'-" "Spirited boys they were. Very good at math." Annie tried to offer, but the stern Alma Coin was having none of it and put down her file. "Miss Cresta, once is excusable, twice, is questionable, but this has happened so many times that I believe you are making a mockery of my organization. Do you believe that jobs are easy to come by when our country is in such a state? On the very brink of war?" Alma Coin demanded and Annie just sat there nearly squirming in her seat. "No ma'am. I just need one more opportunity." "Well I don't have one for you, Miss Cresta. Don't bother coming back here unless you wish for the exercise." Ms. Coin told her sternly just as one of her assistance walked up. "I have the card for the assignment of Mrs. Pemberly. I believe he said she should start tomorrow at ten." She told Ms. Coin, placing the card down. "Oh yes, Mrs. Pemberly will be perfect. I need to go get those files for Gloria." Ms. Coin got up and walked away for a moment just as Annie was getting up. She looked at the card on the desk, it reading Finn Daring, 65 Victor Village . Certainly it couldn't hurt. She would go to this man's house, see if he would take her on. If not, well, at least she tried. She took the card and stuffed it into her jacket pocket. "Good day Miss Cresta!" Ms. Coin snapped and Annie turned and said quickly, "Yes, g-good day." She stuttered, getting up and walking out of the room. She half ran out of the building, and began the walk to Victor Village, clutching her suitcase in her hand. Victor Village was a well-known luxury penthouse complex that housed only London's most rich and famous residents. Even she knew this from the longing whispers of many of her former employers. Annie felt totally out of place, like a tumbleweed having blown in on the wind, as two men dressed in suits opened the door for her. Her worn shoes clicked uncomfortably loud on the polished marble as women wearing silk and fur jackets flounced out of the lift. Number 65 was on the sixth floor, the top floor of Victor Village. And outside the door held a gold name plate pronouncing it as the flat of Finn Daring. A sort of ridiculous name if there was any. But, with the wages she was sure she would get, if he hired her, all she needed was three weeks wages and then she would decide on what she would do past that. Taking a deep breath, she reached out and rang the doorbell. She waited there for a moment, and having got no answer, pulled out her card. She was at the right place. Perhaps maybe she had heard the time wrong. Or maybe yet, this was a sign telling her she should just go and try for another job. She had a fair hand and sewing so perhaps a seamstress- No, this was the best option. She told herself sternly, reaching out again to press the doorbell. The door opened sharply causing Annie to jump back, and well, she face the most handsome man she had ever seen in her entire life. Tall and broad shouldered, with curled gold-red hair, and eyes like the sea she had seen so often driving with her Papa upon the coast, and a face that could make a woman believe in the existence of a higher power. He had the right amount of jaw, a good straight nose, a mouth made for merry and for mischief, mischief being what he was showing now with a smile. But he was in a state of…disarray, only wearing pants and a shirt that was completely unbuttoned, his hair mused, and if she did think so, he had a bit of lipstick on his neck. Perhaps she really had come at the wrong time. "Hello, love." He greeted, his voice was like summer breeze, all encompassing, warm, and seductive. "What can I do you for?" "Good morning." She said, trying to regain her pose, "I'm looking for a Mr. Finn Daring. There was a call to the Coin's Employment Agency." "Love, do you mind telling me what time it is?" He asked squinting and blinking as if the light was harsh on his eyes, as he ruffled his already messy hair. "It's five past ten." Annie answered after looking at her watch, rather confused about the whole ordeal. "In the morning?" He asked and she nodded, as recognition seemingly dawned on him and he ran inside with a shout of, "Oh damnit! Damnit all to hell!" "Should I come back another-" She started to ask as he suddenly bounced on one of his feet changing momentum to yank at her arm and pull her into his flat saying urgently, "No, no, no. Help me!" Finn Daring's flat was a masterpiece, with a high ceiling, floors of reflective marble, rugs of fur, and chandeliers hanging from the ceiling over a living room area of gorgeous love seats and couches accented by obviously fresh picked flowers. A grand piano sat beside a balcony on the side, and a twisting master staircase led to bedrooms. However it would've been far more beautiful without the clothes strung about everywhere, and the half-drunk glasses of alcohol on the mahogany coffee table. Mr. Daring threw some of the pillows and blankets and what have you into their normal places, as he desperately tried to somewhat organize the loft, before gathering up the pieces of female clothing that were lying about. Annie couldn't help but raise an eyebrow as she picked a brassiere of the chandelier with her umbrella. He cracked a smile that certainly could've enchanted the devil as he plucked it off the end of her umbrella. "Brilliant, you are. Tell me the time?" He asked as he began to run to the stairs. "Six past ten." She answered and he swore again quickly turning to the stairs. "Glimmer! Glimmer, my love!" He said as he ran up the stairs. "Glimmer…?" She whispered under her breath, astounded as she placed down her suitcase. Did all rich people have such strange names? She turned to look into what was obviously the kitchen and was greeted by the sight of what used to be a dinner. For two. Sensing that it probably wouldn't be what he wanted (and snacking a bit), she quickly put away the food and the wine glasses. The doors burst open and he was muttering to himself. "Glimmer's getting dressed, Cashmere's almost here. But I think I've got enough time to pull this off." He said before looking up, "Oh love, you are a complete doll. Even cleaned up the kitchen! Cinna was right about getting a social secretary." "Social secretary?" Annie asked even more confused. "Why, yes!" Mr. Daring said, "I do believe you have saved my life!" "Saved your life?" Annie asked incredulously before beginning to walk past him, "Sir, I believe there has been some misunderstanding and I should get going-" "I still need your help!" Mr. Daring said hastily. "And I can trust you can't I? You're the only one who can save me!" "You can trust me, though I'm not sure how much good that will do you or I, Mr. Daring." She said and Mr. Daring smiled a brilliant smile. "Please just call me Finn. Mr. Daring is so formal, you know." He said, and suddenly the sound of heels clicking as a woman emerged. She was much like a doll Annie would've played with as a child, with hair so blonde it was very nearly white,