Capture It was told in the old tales that the fair folk came from the sky, from a fallen star landed upon the earth. The Ancient Beings were supremely powerful in their world, however magic didn't work the same upon earth as it did in the heavens. Human beings, still in their primal and apelike form, driven by their terror of the unknown, killed and forced The Ancient Beings into the darkest parts of the woods. The Ancient Beings were saddened and terrified, unsure if they could survive in the world they came to. It was at that time, when one of the Ancients, Elvanna, decided not to despair. She began to learn the language of the animals, which adopted her in. She ran with the deer, hunted with the wolves, fished with bears, and planted seeds with the birds. She became the ancestor of all elves, and taught her ways to others who eventually went on to become the other species of Fay. That was the story spun by her father, the most well renowned elfish bard in all the land. Under his fingertips, any instrument sung out clear and never had the gall to go out of tune. His voice, fashioned from the heavens, was so beautiful that the birds would stop singing in reverence to him. It was that voice that had caused her mother, a destined priestess, to give up her studies and become his wife. A scandal that was still talked about, even after her father had passed. People talked, and it annoyed Katniss to no end. That's why she preferred the company of the woods and the trees. She kept to herself, only minding her sister Primrose and her hunting partner, Gale and his family. Her mother having fallen into melancholy after her father had died was more of a task then a person. Perhaps she was cold, to think of her mother that way. But it was just the way it was; no matter how much her silly younger sister would have liked to convince her otherwise. That was the reason why she was out in the woods that day. The village didn't need any more meat. In fact the village had more then enough. She had gotten into an argument with Primrose about the care of her mother. Primrose, a disciple with the village's healer, of course wanted to keep caring for her. Katniss, on the other hand, was finally fed up with her mother's sadness. The strange trancelike state her mother was caught in, or had been caught in for the past ten or so years, was not going to stop. Why should Katniss keep caring for a woman so far gone? She was annoyed and angry and just done with everything. So, she had gone out to the woods, to be with nature and to center herself. More then anything, she didn't like being angry with her sister. Even if Katniss's heart might as well have been fashioned from ice and stone, but her sister was perhaps one of the only things she held dear. So she wanted to cool her head, so she could go home and face her sister. Katniss was walking in the woods, feeling the breeze, hearing the coos of pudgy mourning doves, and the calls of bluebirds, the chattering of a squirrel, the nervous yips of a fox kit, perhaps the fleet footed clopping of deer hooves. She greeted the Willows and Maples and Evergreens, breathed in the cinnamon scent of crushed leaves underfoot. She had just hopped over a root when suddenly she heard it. A scream. Immediately alarmed, she gauged the direction of the scream, and began to run without a thought. She held her breath to listen, but the low, painful gasps weren't hard to track, nor was the scent of death, and pine. She turned to the breeze, following the telltale scent of blood to a trench in the earth. What she saw lying there caused her to freeze with shock. A man lay crumpled on the ground, leg caught gruesomely in an iron trap, the kind humans set in the woods to catch bears. That fate was something so cruel that Katniss always made a point to disarm them if she found one, but this time she hadn't been so lucky. In panic, she slid down the side of the trench saying, "Are you okay?" Katniss asked, though it was a dumb question. Of course the man wasn't okay, she scolded herself. "Here, let me-" The man's head snapped up, which caused her to stand there stock-still. His eyes were glassy with shock and pain, but a bright morning glory blue, or perhaps summer-sky. His hair was blonde and curled, the kind of hair that pixies adored to tangle, his jaw was strong, shoulders broad. He was big, far too big. This wasn't any elf. It was a human. "Are you a goddess or a spirit?" His voice was warm and gentle, quite deep, and had an almost huskiness to it. He sounded frightened. "I'm neither." She replied, pressing her lips into a hard line. It was madness that she was talking to him, to it, instead of running back for the warriors of the village. If humans were so close, then they had to be encroaching on their land. What if this human was a spy- "You look like a goddess." The human said, almost jokingly. He smiled then, a smile filled with pain, but she had to fight the urge to leap forward and help this human, even though such a thing was stupid. "You're a human." Katniss nearly accused and the human continued to smile, "And you're a goddess." "What do humans know about goddesses?" "We know, we worship-" It trailed off, sucking in a breath as a spasm of pain hit him. He pressed his forehead to the ground, breathing in shallow, panting gasps, like any man in terrible pain, she thought. She was half way down the gully before she could stop herself then. She sat next to him, and gave an annoyed sigh. "I'm not a Goddess. I'm an elf." She introduced and he gave a laugh that surprised her. She barely ever heard laughter, she never made people laugh. Was what she had said funny to him? "An elf? But I was always told that all the elves had fled!" He said in disbelief. "Into the woods. The question is, what were you doing out so far in the forest?" She asked, doing what her sister always did when dealing with patients and tried her hand at distracting him with questions. "I was foolish. I was taking a walk" He admitted, sucking on air as he gritted his teeth in pain, "I know better then to step into a gully filled with leaves…but my attention was elsewhere." "On what?" She asked, looking upon his leg. Much like an elf's, though perhaps more sturdy, covered with a strange looking shoe. Elves rarely wore anything on their feet, though perhaps moccasins in cold weather. Katniss loved to wriggle her toes into the cool dirt. "On this." He explained, gesturing weakly at the fantastic display of autumn foliage, "It's so beautiful and alive. Everything is so much more beautiful out here then at the castle…" His eyes met hers, "Everything." Feeling flushed under his gaze, she continued to look at his leg. It was swollen and horrid shades of black and purple, the teeth digging in just below his knee, revealing layers of fat, torn muscle, and the white of his bone. She was surprised the thing hadn't completely gone through his entire leg. Feeling slightly squeamish, she looked away for a moment. "I've got to get you out of the trap, but I'm worried about the bleeding. By Elvanna, if only my sister was here. This best chance I have is to tourniquet it." Katniss muttered almost to herself as she grabbed her pack, tearing off a good section of the blanket she brought for emergencies, and a stray stick that was lying around. "Will I lose my leg?" The human asked concerned. "You'd be lucky if that's all you lose." Katniss snorted. "Optimism. I like it." The human wheezed a pain-filled smile upon his lips. Ignoring the joke, she got her hands into position and gave the human a nod, to which it gritted its teeth. Using her strength, she pried open the trap. To her relief, his leg didn't bleed too much, signaling that he had been lucky enough to miss an artery. She quickly folded up his breeches leg and bandaged him up. The human lay there panting, and pale. Feeling somehow bad for him (though that was stupid and utter madness. This was a human!) She pulled out her wineskin filled with water and offered it to him, knowing from her sister that loss of blood dehydrated a person. (Though she wasn't sure of the applications when it came to humans, but she assumed it was the same) With shaking hands, the human grasped the wineskin and took a few deep gulps. "How are you going to get back?" She asked him and he shook his head. "I can't walk in my condition." He said, "Certainly I couldn't bear it." With a sigh and giving up, she whistled for her Mockingjay, which appeared quickly. After explaining to him why there was strange human man next to her and asking for help, her Mockingjay flew off with promises to get help. "You're kind can speak with the animals." The man said in awe. His tone made Katniss flush, as did the completely wonderstruck look in those blue eyes. "Yes, of course we can." Katniss answered bluntly, sitting cross-legged next to him. "But you're kind could never. Humans are known for their self-centerness. You always have been." "Always been?" The human asked curiously, "Since when?" "Since your kind forced my kind into the forest and into despair. Don't pretend you don't know the stories of rape and pillage and massacre." Katniss snapped, while the human just gave her that boyish, lopsided grin. "Peeta." "What?" Katniss asked confused. "My name is Peeta. Peeta, son of Jacek, of House Mellark. I'm not just my species, that's who I am. I like long walks, and baking, my favorite color is sunset orange, and I take my tea with no sugar." Peeta explained, "How long ago was the last war between our people?" "Five hundred and twenty three full cycles of the seasons." Katniss answered automatically. It had been beaten into her head for as long as she could remember. "That war was between people long dead. Let it not foul the relationship between us." Peeta offered with a laugh that was light and filled with warmth. "Relationship?" Katniss asked, feeling heat in her cheeks. "You wouldn't want that with me. I'm hardly agreeable." "Why do you say that?" He asked curiously. "I mean, I've only managed to get maybe four people in my entire life to like me." Katniss said, the words slipping out before she could stop them, "Well, perhaps three now." "Why just three?" She bit her lip. Katniss knew she really shouldn't be telling this human about her troubles…but what was the harm now? He would be out of her life as soon as she got him out of the forest, and she doubted he would live long after with that injury. Humans were known for their ignorance of the healing arts. They didn't even know to wash their hands after touching the diseased. Most likely, he would take her problems with him to the grave. "My sister Prim and I got into an argument today. And I know she's right." "About?" "My mother…isn't well. I don't want to deal with it anymore. Another village's healer offered to take her, and I said of course while my sister said no. Isn't that selfish of me? But my sister…she really is the kindest. She