In spirit, I believe we must have met Annie's sister was prescribed to the general ideology that walks should only be taken on days of sunshine and merriment, in the mornings or after tea. Though however slight the annoyance that it caused, her sister Charlotte would rather accompany her then allow Annie to walk up the lane alone, for as her sister put it, "it is of necessity to a lady that she walks accompanied, otherwise it seems as though there could be trouble about". Perhaps, Annie thought, that it was the empty fields on the left, or the solitary churchyard on the right leading to the church where their father was most likely preparing the Sunday morning sermon, with its inscribed headstones, its gate, and high steeple that reached up to the crescent moon still alight in the hour of evening tide. But there was something about the lane that left her sister unnerved in the late afternoon, though it didn't bother Annie in the slightest. In the small town in which they lived, it would be said by the inhabitants that of the two sisters, the elder being Charlotte by two years, and the younger Annabelle, that Annabelle had a far more reliable and practical nature, and acted above the common rounds of gossip and silliness that some women and even men were prone to in such fashions. In fact it was often remarked that Annie would be well suited to the life of a cleric's wife just as her mother was before her. But Annie had never been sure, and so after she had finished her own schooling, she had gone on to be a teacher. And so she had no such ability to take walks with her sister in the morning or early afternoon, and instead came home after school was finished and took a walk with her sister in the early evening. But that day Annie had sunk into melancholy, as the children were dismissed in the spring from school to help their parents with the sort of farm work natural for the area, and Annie felt quite listless for the time being. As if sensing Annie's growing feeling of destituteness, Charlotte aimed to make conversation light and pleasurable. "Annie, so I'm sure you've heard." Charlotte stated before seeing Annie's expression of confusion, "About the families from London!" "I have not heard anything about that topic." Annie said, "Remember, I have been surrounded by younger children who have no capacity for such gossip besides who picked up what toad on a dare or who skipped what rock further. But I fear I shall be lonely while school is out." "True, true. So I shall enlighten you." Charlotte said excitedly, "As you know very well, weathering summer in London is surely to cramped and uncomfortable for distinguished families. So every effort has been made to renovate the old manors, and as such many families of great importance shall be weathering their summers now in our little town, starting within a month. Oh, just think of it Annie! There will be much activity! Think of a man of importance sweeping one of our town's ladies off their feet and sweeping them into a life of near royalty!" "Ah, my sister. You read too many romances!" Annie laughed, a noise so infrequently made by her that it took her sister by surprise. "Remember first that a man of high stature would not marry under his status, as well as the teachings that father has so carefully instilled within us. Running off with a noble man would stop his heart." "Oh Annie, indulge yourself a little with imagination!" Her sister laughed, grasping her arm and spinning with her. "Even you, I'm sure, have the desire to find love!" "I consider myself very well loved-by my pupils and my family." Annie told her, "Why? Have you been perhaps tricking me into believing you have affection towards me?" "You have foiled my plot!" Her sister cried in false anguish, making them both giggle much like school girls, Annie's heart much lightened before returning down the lane and back to the cottage by which they called home. The Cresta family lived much like one would expect the family of a clergyman. They lived comfortably but modestly. Her mother cooked plain, but filling food, they owned things with use but nothing more, and had been instilled with the rigidity of religion as the backbone to their life. They waited for their father to return, which he did in due time, before settling at the table with a bowl of mash, a plate of onions and parsnips, and sausage for dinner, as Annie's father smiled affectionately at them. Father Daniel Cresta was not an unhandsome man, with eyes that were green and a nose that was long, and a stern chin. However, though stern, he was kind, and very willing to help those in need within the community. Annie's mother Jane was of similar nature, handsome, but perhaps more distant emotionally. That is not to say she didn't love, but rather she showed her love more through the actions of her day to day life than she ever did with words, such as warming their father's slipped by the fire as he had been standing all day delivering the word of the Lord, or knitting them more scarves then a person could ever wear. "Now, my darlings, let us say grace." Annie's father said, as they bent their heads as their father began the prayer, "Come, Lord Jesus, be our Guest in our house, and let Thy gifts to us be blessed. Amen." "Amen." They all answered before serving out portions of food and drink, and then eating in relative silence before Charlotte said, "Father, is it true that there will be many people coming to Panemshire from London?" Charlotte asked and their father smiled. "Quite a few I daresay." Their father said, "I shall have a few more visitors to the church, I do believe. And that always lifts my heart." "What's more important Charlotte, is Mr. Dempsey. I do believe that he will have his offer ready by the end of the month for you." Their mother said happily and Charlotte smiled. Frederick Dempsey was a tailor, a good match for Charlotte and had perhaps been decided on her since they were children. But all that mattered was that he was a fair, hardworking man who attended their father's church every day he could and would make Charlotte very happy. "It shall be his second proposal. I believe I shall accept this time." Charlotte said, "You must make a man work hard and prove himself!" "One daughter to be married, our son Kenneth off to school becoming a clergyman. How children grow so quickly!" Their mother said, sounding extremely pleased. "So true, the blooms of childhood mature before one realizes." Their father said, "And I'm sure that for you, my Annabelle, a match will be made soon." "I am still only eighteen." Annie reminded them tiredly, "And I'm quite content with my situation." "Content, yes. But are you happy Annabelle?" Her mother asked, "Married life would suit you well. And I know ever since Father Atkins of the neighboring parish recovered from the loss of his wife Mary, God bless her soul, he's been very interested in you." "Father Atkins is forty years my senior." Annie told her mother, "And yes I am happy. I just need something to do, otherwise I feel listless." "Temper, Annabelle. Remember, the Lord values good temper, not the rush to defensiveness that you so often portray." Annie's father reminded her, "We just want what is best for you." "I understand." Annie told him, trying to breathe in. To feel calm, and to appear dignified though a storm raged within her. She craved intellectual stimulation, and freedom to exercise her will. Though that was perhaps selfish and she had been given a very blessed and good life with her family, she sometimes wished for more. Perhaps, she thought, this discontentment was her worst failing. The affluent came in droves to escape the weather and stench of the city, their carriages pulled by purebred horses, and driven by butlers. The men wore suits made from the most beautiful materials and walked with ivory canes, and the ladies were powdered and pale, wore the latest styles, and floated along the lane with lace and floral parasols opened, decorating the noble ladies like perfectly cultivated flowers. They smelled of perfumes of exotic flowers and expensive wood varnishes, and flitted about like moths between the cusps of frivolity and pleasure. Annie wasn't exactly sure of what to think of them. They did her no injury as they filled her father's parish and listened to his sermon, which with new company alighted his tone with fresh vigor. However she wasn't exactly fond of their actions, their lavishness and the way they pruned themselves like proud birds. But with the people came their children, and Annie was more than happy to delight the children with conversation after mass was finished while neighbors milled around and the rich spoke of loftier things from painted mouths then were of her concern. "Annabelle, come here for a moment." Her father called, and she walked over to see a man and a woman, both stately, dressed finely and equally handsome. "Annabelle, I would like you to meet Mr. and Mrs. Odair. They are the owners of Riverton Hall." "If you would excuse my rudeness for asking, but wasn't Mr. Fields the owner of Riverton Hall and his son named the proprietor of the manor?" Annie asked confused, naming the much loved and recently passed landowner who was born and bred in the area and had been a well-known lawyer, his son Cato Fields had never garnered the favor his father had and had frequently run off to the city to engage in frivolities and had allowed the hall to fall into disrepair. "Of course, it was unfortunately sudden. After the mismanagement of the fortune, it was decided that since Mr. Fields was my late second cousin, that I would come into possession of Riverton Hall as well as its assets as the next of kin in line to inherit." Mr. Odair said, and Mrs. Odair cleared her throat. "Such things are not proper conversation for a lady." Mrs. Odair reminded him sternly, causing Annie to flush and Mr. Odair to tap his cane. "Of course, but in any case I have been made aware, Miss Cresta, that you are the teacher for the local schoolhouse." "One of the teachers, yes." Annie answered, before Mr. Odair smiled. "And that you have recently gone on vacation for the school year, correct?" "Yes." "And I am assuming that you can read and write." "To the best of my knowledge I am proficient in both capacities." "More than proficient. Annabelle is also fluent in French, and knowledgeable in math and sciences." Her father supplemented, before Mr. Odair finally got to his point. "Then as you seem to be qualified, my son is in need of your assistance." "Your son? Is he here today?" Annie asked, resisting the urge to scan the crowd of churchgoers as that would be extremely impolite. "Not today. He is fragile in constitution as he survived a bout of Typhus when he was young, suffering a fever that took his sight, and we wished to give him time to recover from traveling." Mr. Odair said, "He is older than the students that you would teach, but it would be wonderful if for a few hours you came to read to him and keep him company. I of course would pay you for such services." "I would first have to defer to my father and his opinion." Annie said respectfully, and her father smiled. "It is of course the duty of neighbors to aid those who are in need, especially to those who suffer we shall not turn