Love was too strong a god, O King Finnick was utterly exhausted. Not the usual kind of tired people feel, like when they end up staying up past two on a night out and have to drag their feet to work the next day. It was the sort of exhaustion that completely overwhelmed Finnick's senses until his thoughts and feelings simply fizzled across the surface of his consciousness and he could barely comprehend what was happening, even though it was what he got himself into night after night. Finnick was nearly asleep, but not. Barely skimming the edge of consciousness due to the fact he was being rutted against the bed, but how the sheets were scraping against his back in a steady and tedious rhythm that made his bones ache and his heavy eyes feel like lead. Completely void of any and all resentment or hatred or an emotion whatsoever, he was just done. He hoped that this would be over soon so he could leave on the train. He just had one more appointment after this and he was so ready for it to be done. Out of habit he ran his hand down the length of his nude body, and trailed his fingers up his customer's chest before smiling and making sure to spread his legs wider as if he was attempting to open himself further. That always did the trick he thought, as the customer above him began to grunt desperately and Finnick tried to bite back his utter disgust as the customer began to twitch inside of him, like a skittish animal. He hated when the guys were so big that he could feel it, Finnick thought biting back his revulsion as he tightened like a good whore and threw back his head. Finally the guy thrusted inside of him hard and came, spilling within him. After that without any warning he yanked himself out of Finnick quickly forcing Finnick to bit the inside of his cheek as he smiled seductively and spread his legs further because all of his guests wanted a show. To see the evidence that he had been dominated, beaten down into submission and was simply a toy, living for the pleasure of having been visited by them. "You were wonderful." Finnick purred, and the young man went red as he stood there awkwardly. "You…you won't tell anyone right?" The young man asked and Finnick blinked. Normally he wasn't asked that. Confidentiality was a big policy. But this young man seemed frazzled enough that he had probably forgot. After all, he was just a simple middle man who had been paid off by having his wildest dream come true and with Finnick's tender probing of his mind he had spilled guts about his boss's elicit cover up of an underground business without a second thought. Most Capitolites assumed Finnick was just a pretty face and little in the way of intelligence so this man had probably assumed the words he had whispered between kisses would never leave the room. But unfortunately for them Finnick was very good at working the ditzy angle, and even better at getting what he wanted. He knew that one day such knowledge might aid him. "Of course not." Finnick said before running his tongue over his teeth. "Yeah." The young man said, before rushing out of the room after belting his pants. Finnick collapsed back on the bed for a few moments, trying to forget the terrible ache in his back before forcing himself up and into the shower. The water was almost soothing, but despite the scrubbing his sickness remained under his skin. He needed to get clean and dry before the final visitor came, because no one liked sloppy seconds and making sure to pop another pill to up his libido. His days in the Capitol normally went something like this: He woke up and showered, trying desperately to get the smell of sex off of his skin. He was given extravagant meals served by Avoxes and ate them, sometimes alone, sometimes with Gloss and Cashmere who always looked equally as drained as Finnick felt. Gloss and Cashmere were popular, maybe not by themselves as popular as he was, but together probably more, not only because they were attractive but because they were brother and sister. Under Snow's regime they catered to the sick fucks who had fantasies about that sort of thing. After that he went to the gym and worked out all of his frustrations on machinery and swim sets, showered again. Spent whatever time was left mentally preparing for returning to work before he did so. It was the sort of routine that normalized the total degradation of his dignity as a human being and left him numb, able to put on the mask and perform for whoever came into his bed. It had gotten to a point a few years ago where he wasn't sure if it even was a mask anymore, that maybe the toy who simply spread his legs and took what the customer gave like a good bitch was him. But it was Mags and Annie that reminded him that there was a reason. They were the lifejacket he clung to that kept him afloat. And one day, when he was too old to be attractive he might be able to walk free. He couldn't make himself not hope, because if that tiny hope was snuffed out he wasn't sure he would make it. It had started out as a hard night on the job and had progressively gotten worse. His first few customers were women, and that might have been strange but in being with a woman he had to have a more active role and it was far more difficult. They were all elder women, in their late 40s or early 50s, most of them successful and lonely. Maybe their husbands didn't pay attention to them, or their kids didn't care, but they always came to him for comfort so that he could whisper in their ears that he thought they were beautiful and special and important. Most of the time it wasn't even really about the sex, though making marks so that they could go back to their friends and talk about the wild night they had was sometimes required, but they all wanted some sort of emotional connection that Finnick couldn't achieve with a Capitolite. So he whispered the prettiest of lies that fell from his lips, warm and sweet like honey and let them spill their hearts to him. He got through all of that before on his queue he noticed a very familiar name and groaned. Seneca Crane. Seneca Crane was a wealthy, successful, and closeted business man who worked for President Snow with a bimbo wife pumped with silicon and with hair colored neon blue and three kids who were surely as miserable as he was. And Finnick knew how very much Mr. Crane liked to take out his frustrations upon him and his ass. Unfortunately that night, as Mr. Crane would have it that was exactly what happened. Seneca Crane sauntered in, looking downright pissed as Finnick gave him the most demure smile he could, knowing that his mask was perfection. Seneca liked a submissive, someone who would plead for him. After all, Seneca Crane had been coming to him every time he was for sale for the past two years, so at this point Finnick knew what he liked. "Baby," He purred, "Come in. I've missed you." "I'm sure you have, gorgeous." Seneca laughed, the sounding grating on Finnick's ears. "I've been thinking about how much I can't wait to bend you over this bed and fuck you hard." "We should enjoy ourselves first. No need to rush." Finnick said trying to make sure he could buy himself enough time to both properly prepare, and also maybe get Crane to go over time because he knew Crane always ponied up the extra and Snow always left him alone longer the more lucrative he was for business, before pouting, "Unless you want to leave so soon?" "Of course not." Seneca said as Finnick got up and started to pull on his tie and get him into the bed. Finnick knew his routine so well he could have done it in his sleep. Kissing first with a handjob, blowjob, preparing himself as Crane watched hungrily before letting his customer decide what position. The rest of his act was so ingrained that he let himself sink into his thoughts, allowing what was going on outside of himself to pass over him like meaningless waves as he was continually rutted against. Finnick thought of how soon he could go home, of if he had remembered to ask Mags to water the herbs he had growing on the window sill because Annie liked to cook with those and she only had so much room, if the repair man had fixed his sink because it was clogged, of what he could cook for a late night snack with the stuff that was in his fridge because by the time he got home it'd be late, and most important of Annie was doing at that moment. In the middle of his work he tried hard not to think about Annie. He couldn't risk her name slipping out. But sometimes he just couldn't help it. It gave him some sense of peace that if he could just get through this Annie would be sitting at home and working on a quilt or down at the Marsh Home. But unfortunately he was brought out of his thoughts by a spike of pain in his tailbone. Finnick couldn't help but let a glare flash momentarily on his face, the mask slipping with his surprise as the man above him smiled serenely as if he had no clue what had made Finnick mad. "That hurt." Finnick said shortly trying his best not to allow any negative emotion into his voice and thanking the Ancestors for the existence of Capitol pills that kept him hard. "A different angle please." "I'm sorry, baby. You're just so good today, and I couldn't help myself." As he tried to twist his hips into a better position, Finnick kept his mask of pleasure and submission upon his face while inside he had the urge to grab this man and break his neck with his bare hands because he was doing it on purpose, Goddamnit. Going in at an angle that was meant to hurt because this fucking creep was better at sex then any of the other men he had been with and wasn't capable of not bringing Finnick pleasure unless it was intentional. Most likely someone had pissed him off or he wanted something and had decided to make Finnick suffer for it which made him just like everyone else. Another hitched breath forced its way from between Finnick's clenched teeth as the ache in his lower vertebrae was increasing as Crane kept pounding them against them pointedly until his lower half began to go unpleasantly numb, and he refused to give in. Finnick was absolutely not going to give this sick fuck the satisfaction of begging him to stop because that was what Crane was after and it was so clearly becoming a battle of wills and Finnick knew that his will was stronger and Crane wanted to punish him for it. Finnick did win, a small victory as Seneca came and then gave him a smirk, as he sat on the side of the bed and lit up a complementary cigar and tossed back a couple shots until his cheeks were flushed and his eyes were foggy and his mouth tasted like straight up liquor. "I love that face on you." He chuckled in his ear, "You know…I'm gonna be Gamemaker in a few years. It's a high profile job, and I'm one of Snow's favorite. I could work out a