Violent Delights 5:21. Annie's alarm went off at 5:21 on the dot. Not at 5:20. 5:20 added up to seven and Annie wasn't particularly fond of the number seven. Seven was an odd number, and odd numbers weren't even, nor could they be divided properly and orderly, and the fact that seven was a prime number made it worse. Eight on the other hand was a good number. She didn't mind the number eight, and she wasn't opposed to the number nine either, even if it was an odd number. If she had lingered in bed and the time was 5:22 when she finally got up Annie wouldn't have been upset. Nine could be divided by three, which wasn't as good as a clean even number, but it was still fine. She had to make sure she gave herself enough time to get ready. Annie got up laboriously and yawned, cringing at the feeling of the cold hard wood floor under her toes. Happy she had managed to get herself up on time, she moved onto the next thing in her agenda. She stripped her bed of the sheets, tapping her bedside table four times with her index and middle finger as each sheet and blanket and pillow case came off, before folding them and placing them in her hamper. She took off her pajamas, starting with her sweatpants, then her tee shirt, followed by her underwear, each folded separately and then placed in her laundry hamper. She picked up her laundry hamper, from its place at the end of the bed, turning it counter clockwise then turning it back and placing it back down. Then it was time to decide on what to wear. She checked her calendar, reminding herself that today was Friday, so it was a pink day. She made this guideline in high school to make sure that she didn't wear the same color twice in a row, because not only was that sloppy but the not knowing made her anxious. She always liked to know, it helped her manage. She opened her closet and went to the blue section. Annie made sure to keep her closet organized to quicken the process. She pulled out three pink sweaters because it was November and it was certainly acceptable to be wearing sweaters this time of year, and a pair of jeans. She only had two types of jeans, all of them were skinny, but they were dark wash or light wash. Colored pants were in a different section of her closet, and she only wore colored pants on white days or black days, and so she assigned colors to those days as well. She tried on both light wash and dark wash jeans, and decided on dark wash skinny jeans. With the cream colored cami she always wore on pink days covering her bra, she tried on each sweater before deciding on her light pink cashmere v-neck sweater. She liked cashmere best of all because it didn't make her itchy, and being itchy made her skin crawl and feel dirty, which forced her to wash off. And after deciding on this sweater, she took the two other sweaters she had tried on, folded them up and then placed them into the laundry hamper in turn. Following this, she walked into the closet, walked out, turned the light on and off again just to make sure before closing the door. 5:50. Annie was doing well today. Next part of her routine was the most stressful. Her hair always refused to behave, which was always the cause for tension. She would cut it all off, if only to lessen the burden, but Annie thought she would look strange with short hair. So Annie made sure to comb it thoroughly, taking time to undo every knot, before spraying it in place to reduce flyaway hair. She wiped down the counter to remove of her hair, because in her opinion nothing was more disgusting then stray hair. Then she took her electric toothbrush, squeezing out a pea sized dollop of tooth paste neatly upon her brush before pulling out her phone and starting her timer. She had to brush for at least one minute and thirty seconds, before flossing each tooth twice and rinsing with Listerine for forty-five seconds. She couldn't risk getting gingivitis, or even a cavity. Then her parents would have to pay for a filling, which would then put more strain on them and Annie couldn't even imagine how guilty that would make her. She released a breath of relief as she finished that up, wiping her toothbrush on her specific toothbrush towel, and wiping clean the toothpaste from the tip of the tube, making sure that no toothpaste would congeal there before screwing on the cape and placing it back in its spot. Annie tried not to wear much make up on the whole. It was one less thing to worry about. It was easier just to do simple things, like put on moisturizer, dab on a bit of lip gloss, and line her eyes and accentuate with mascara. She placed the containers and tubes back into their drawer, before washing her hands thoroughly. She scrubbed with exfoliating cream, rinsed, squirted exactly two pumps of antibacterial soap into her palms, lathered for a count of ten before rubbing over all the surface of her hand, making sure to get under her nails, before rinsing off. She would be lucky to get through the day without repeating that twenty times or so, she hoped for less considering the weather was getting colder. With colder weather meant dry skin, and she would rather not use up all of the nice lotion Johanna had gotten her for her birthday today. 6:24. Still doing good. She brought down the laundry hamper, separating out all of the laundry into darks, whites, and colors, before separating them further into delicate and not. Then she proceeded into the kitchen. To her annoyance one of the cabinet doors was open. She hated that, especially when the rest of them were closed. Her family on the whole tried to be considerate of that, except for her brother Kai, who she was sure was the one who left it open. Lately Kai had been increasingly frustrating to deal with, since he had just entered that middle school phase of not wanting to be considerate towards anyone. And also taking into account that they had been arguing these past few days, it really pointed to him. She closed it, before taking out a bowl and a spoon from one of the other cabinets. Out of the fridge she took out her container of milk and from the pantry she pulled out the Special K cereal. She took a deep breath as she poured the cereal into her bowl, and then the milk, feeling her heart begin to pound in her chest. She had just begun to eat out of bowls and use utensils that weren't sanitized. Before she would only use disposables, but she had been really trying to get her eating habits to normal. Exposure had been working, and she was taking baby steps to her goal of being able to eat at a public setting without having to go through the embarrassment of using utensils she had brought along, or having to ask again and again for servers to take back "dirty" cups. Her hand was shaking as she placed spoonful after spoonful into her mouth, chewing slowly before laboriously swallowing, and she knew it was coming on, the swarm of mind-wasps that simply wouldn't let her be. They rattled inside her head, buzzed in her ears, stinging her brain again and again with intrusive thoughts, not allowing for a moment's peace because she was breaking the routine breaking it breakingitbreakingitbreakingit and she was going to dirty everything, everything was going to be tainted and it was her fault all her fault. She needed to stop or else she would get sick because there were germs on everything and then she would burden her parents even more or infect them or-or-or- She forced another past her lips. Maybe this cereal will make me sick, but maybe it won't, she told herself sternly, the odds are it won't. The body had strong protections against illness. I'm fine, I'm fine. She continued eating until the bowl was empty. The cereal was as heavy as lead in her stomach, as she cleaned the bowl and the spoon, before putting away the milk and the cereal. She washed her hands once more. Feeling shaky, but elated by this tiny victory, she picked up her keys from their spot on the counter, buttoned up her jacket, laced up her boots, wiping them four times on the door mat, before opening the door and closing it behind her, making sure to lock it. Annie got into her car, noting that her car was half full with gas, and making a note to fill it. She hated when the gas got below a half a tank, it didn't feel safe. Then she stuck her key into the ignition and put the car into drive. She took a look at the radio clock. 7:03. The beginning of a good day. Annie was a math major. Math was good. It followed rules, just like the universe. You always knew where you were with a calculator and a pencil. It wasn't anything like English or Art, with so many different interpretations and "no right answer". Annie didn't know how people could live like that. There could be one answer or many answers or no answers in math, but "no right answers" just left this giant void to be filled. But regardless, Annie was very diligent. Just because she didn't like something didn't mean she would slack off in it. And considering her absolute hatred of all those sorts of subjects, she did fairly well in them. She accepted the B+ with considerable grace for a perfectionist, understanding that it simply wasn't her strength, and no matter how much she would've liked it, she couldn't be good at everything. It didn't make anything better, though when she walked from her multivariable calculus class to her Shakespearean Tragedies and Romances class. She resisted the urge to growl in distaste. She had wanted to take microeconomics the semester, however when the time came for signing up for classes both micro and macroeconomics had been filled up, as Business and Finance majors got first priorities, and the only class she could fit in that would fill some credit she needed was the Shakespearean theatre class. Sure she needed to get her Fine Arts credits anyways, but she would've rather put off the pain until later. She wasn't good at interacting with others at all in real life, let alone acting. The class made Annie want to hide under a rock somewhere. The teacher, Ms. Trinket, who wanted all of the students to call her Effie was also a nightmare. Not only was she touchy-feely, and acted like more of a friend to the students then a teacher, but she wore the most ridiculous outfits, layered on makeup, and had a voice that made her want to bash her head into the wall. Annie was sure that the only reason she had the job was because her family was the one who donated the money for the Fine Arts center to be built. And of course once Annie had made her aware of…it, Effie was too understanding. If Annie had a lower standard of morals she would have abused that and had used it to skip. But instead, she just sat there in chairs as Effie fluttered around her muttering how tragic it was. "Hey there Crazy! What's up?" Johanna Mason called, clapping her arm around Annie's shoulders as she walked into the Trinket Theater. Annie gave Johanna a withering look, shrugging off her arm. "Not much." She muttered and Johanna