Unbelievers She found him on the side walk, leaning against the wall of the building facing the busy Capitol street. First off, Annie knew she shouldn't have been walking by herself. Whether it be the instinctive drive of a human being to avoid places where one could be mugged, or just years of insistence by her father that she shouldn't walk around in the Capitol alone, but whatever the case, Annie had always been a good girl. And good girls weren't supposed to walk alone in the city at night. But for once, Annie was walking by herself to her car at night, because she had just gotten out of a meeting that had run late with her fellow software engineers and didn't take up their offer to hit the bar afterwards, because even though she got along with her fellow coworkers Annie wasn't friends with them. Whenever she went out with them it always felt like she was on the outside looking in and she would rather just go home and curl in bed with her three cats then worry about entertaining other humans while they consumed copious amounts of liquor. So that's why she was there, walking on the street at night, and maybe that was the luckiest day of her life. Even though it didn't seem that way at first. His face was bruised, and his lip was split. He had obviously wiped the blood off his face so the only remnants of blood was the small stain on the collar of his grey tee shirt. He sat there as he smoked a cigarette, but the faces he made when he took a puff told Annie that he was a social smoker. And judging by the shape he was in, Annie didn't fault him for lighting one up. She hadn't realized she had paused in front of him before he looked up to her and gave her a beautiful smile. Even as bruised and battered as he was, Annie knew she was looking at someone who possessed a rare and spectacular form of beauty, even though it was weird to think of a man as beautiful, but that night was weird so why shouldn't she think he was beautiful when he really was and Annie was half-dumbfounded by it. "Hey there." He greeted, and Annie looked behind her and saw no one else and he chuckled, "Yeah. You." "Um…uh, yeah?" She asked, confused as the man blew smoke circles into the air, before snuffing out the cigarette on the side walk. "I know I may look rough right now, but if you're sweet I can give you something nice." The man just about purred, his teeth were so white they were just about reflecting the headlights of the cars that passed by. "Um…what?" Annie asked, unsure if whether it was the blank look on her face or the way she shifted between her feet that made the man roll his eyes, as if he was saying something totally obvious to her and she just wasn't getting it. "Something nice. Should I spell it out for you?" He asked, getting up and relying heavily on the wall behind him to do so, and she was just struck dumb by his green eyes…but they weren't really green. They more like green blue, the same color that the Mediterranean was the time that she went to Italy with her family. And she was so captured by his eyes she wasn't even listening until he said, "Pay me, and I'll make you feel better than ever. That's a guarantee." Her brain started working again as if the fog in her mind was evaporated by the flashing white of his smile, except at that moment it was going into overdrive. Her face flushed a deep red and she could see the amusement on his face. "I'm not interested." She choked out and he sighed and kicked the cigarette butt. "Shame." He said simply. "I can help you though." She offered and he raised an eyebrow. "With what? Finding Jesus?" He scoffed and it was her turn to roll her eyes. "Maybe with your face?" Annie said, before motioning down the street. "I live close by, and my car is parked over here. Would you at least let me get you an ice-pack?" "Sure." The man said, with an odd sort of smile, before motioning ahead, "Lead the way." The drive over to Annie's apartment was quiet and awkward, the guy just stared out the window and Annie was breaking out into a cold sweat because she had no idea what she was doing. She eventually got them back to her place, the doorman giving both of them a weird look as they got into the elevator and traveled up to her apartment. With shaking hands she stuck the key into her door, and by some miracle she managed to get the door open. "Wow. Nice apartment." The guy said, sounding surprised. "Thanks." Annie said softly. Her trendy warehouse loft-styled apartment was furnished with sandy colored hardwood floors, accented with white furniture and cream colored walls, with blue pillows and sea-décor. It was one bedroom, one bathroom, with a kitchen and living room and overlooked by the loft which she considered to be her office and where most of her work was done. Annie could already spot one of her cats, her sleek beautiful black cat Naiad resting on the railing of the loft. Her other two cats, one large Main Coon mix named Percy and a tabby cat named Siren were probably sleeping somewhere else. "Throw your jacket on the coat hanger, I'm going to grab the first aid kit from the bathroom." Annie left the man alone, as she walked into the bathroom, just remembering she was wearing her work outfit: a pencil skirt, a cream colored blouse and blazer, and high heels. She really couldn't wait to get into her sweatpants and crawl into bed. Her weekly Saturday meeting was the only day she actually ever bothered to dress like a human being. Just then she nearly giggled at the ridiculousness of the whole situation. Here she was with a male prostitute in the house and she was thinking about sweatpants and meetings. What an odd night , she thought as she shuffled around the bathroom. Annie grabbed the first aid kit when she found it, as she took of her heels and threw them into her bedroom before turning the corner with the first aid kit in hand. And there she found the man shirtless, revealing his chest, chiseled with gorgeous muscles and tanned golden by the sun. It was the kind of body she would've expected to see on a surf board back home in District Four. "Woah!" She gasped, completely thrown for a loop, "What are you doing?" "Huh? Just getting comfortable." He purred, "Like what you see?" In response Annie fished around the corner, pulling out her fluffy pink bathrobe and chucking it at his head, her face probably a shade of purple. "Get uncomfortable." She ordered, "And sit down, I'm cleaning up your face." "You're serious about that?" The man asked incredulously as Annie walked to her fridge, pulled out a bag of frozen peas before placing it in his hand. "Dead serious." Annie told him before pointing to the ottoman like a mother sending her child to time out, "Now sit." He actually had the nerve to start laughing as he sat down before he winced as he placed the frozen peas to the side of his face. Annie checked his face over, trying not to secretly marvel at his perfect jawline or kissable mouth. If his face hadn't been so obviously swollen and the area around his eyes going black and blue, she was sure it would be hard to resist him. She checked his cheekbones, nothing chipped as far as she could tell. All his teeth were still there, despite the split lip. And his nose definitely wasn't broken. And his eyes were almost at the same level of dilation so he most likely didn't have a serious head injury, despite the growing bump on the back of his head. Thankfully it seemed like he had just gotten socked a few times in the face, though she definitely wasn't medically trained so she couldn't really tell. So with a q-tip and disinfectant she tended to all his scrapes and cuts to the best of her ability. "You're pretty young to have all this. You an heiress or something?" The man asked, and Annie rolled her eyes. "Hardly. I finished high school when I was seventeen, finished college at twenty one, and now I work as a head software engineer and programmer." She explained simply. "You must be really smart." The man observed, sounding impressed. "I don't know about that. I'm just good at my job." Annie admitted before tossing the final q-tip in the trash can. "There. Cleaned up as much you can be, but just keep holding that there. Are you okay?" "I guess." He admitted, before saying gratefully, "Thank you." "No problem." She said, sticking out her hand. "I'm Annie. Annie Cresta." "Finnick Odair." He said, taking it. "And before you ask, yes. It's my real name, not my work name. You aren't a customer, nor do you seem like a serial killer so I figured there's no reason not to tell you." "I guess not." Annie said with a smile. "So am I going to hear the story about how someone attempted to ruin your face? A scorned lover perhaps?" "I wish!" Finnick laughed, "Nah. I was walking home, I work at the Cornucopia-" "The brothel." Annie said, a little relieved. In Panem prostitution was legal, but of course there had to be regulations followed. Though it was sleazy in her opinion, the Cornucopia was a legal brothel on the south side of the Capitol. One of the most expensive ones too. If this guy worked there then he wasn't a lowly streetwalker, but rather a high-end callboy. "Yeah. Anyways, I was walking home and some guys mugged me and took my money. End of story. But the scorned lover thing might be a good way to spin it to my roommates." Finnick chuckled, "Considering I lost what was supposed to be the rest of our rent and groceries this month, and with my face in this condition I'll have to take some days off. I figured maybe I could get you off and scavenge what I could, but no can do. I don't normally fuck people I'm on a first name basis with." "Well, how about this?" Annie said, reaching over to her purse and pulling out her wallet and one hundred and fifty dollars. "Will this at least cover part of it?" Finnick gaped at her like a fish, before shaking his head furiously. "I didn't do anything for you though." He protested, "I won't take your money if I haven't earned it." "Fine. Then you owe me a favor. Think of it as a loan or something." Annie said, "Just take the money, Odair. The only thing I ever spend my money on is Chinese food and my cats, just put it to good use." "Okay." Finnick said, "Do you have a pen and paper?" "Yeah, sure." Annie said quickly getting up, and grabbing a piece of scrap paper and pen for him. In large, bulky, crammed together writing, he jotted down a number. "This is my number…if you ever want me to repay that favor." Finnick said, and she smiled at him. "You can take the peas if you want." "Yeah, that'd probably be a good idea." Finnick said awkwardly, before saying, "Thanks a lot Annie Cresta." "You're welcome, Finnick Odair." Annie said, feeling something warm inside her chest. "Keep the ice on to keep the swelling down and your face should be fine. And you might want to get checked out by a doctor