"Hear ye, hear ye! Let it be known that the second Forklift Joust Tournament is about to begin!" A deep voice booms through the back room as Katniss makes her way towards the sales floor. She rolls her eyes, spotting the group of back-enders, er…Logistics Crew, gathered around a pile of boxes. They cheer, raising their fists in the air. On top of the boxes stands a young man with ridiculous blond curls and an even more ridiculous smile. Peeta Mellark, their team lead. She hates this job. And she hates the boisterous, carefree attitude of these numb-skulls who get to spend most of their days in the back rooms and not dealing with customers. She hates dealing with customers, too. Did she mention that already? Because she does. "The rules!" Peeta shouts, the sound echoing off the steel rafters and quieting the crowd around him. For a moment, his eyes meet hers and she thinks she sees him wink at her. With one last roll of her eyes, Katniss shoves the door to the sales floor open and plasters a smile on her face. The sounds of laughter and his excited voice cut off the second the door slams shut behind her. Pressing the ear bud for her radio set into her ear and clipping the transmission pack to her belt, she prepares for yet another day of dealing with cranky customers and overzealous bargain hunters who take the words "Price Match" to a scary new level of crazy. Her morning goes as expected, and by the time she gets to take a lunch break, her cheeks hurt from the fake smiling, and her feet and back are sore. As if that wasn't bad enough, apparently a bunch of the "logistics" people are also taking their breaks, still guffawing over whatever happened in this morning's Forklift Jousting Tournament. "Real mature," she grumbles to herself as she pulls her lunch from the fridge and settles at the far end of the table to eat. Gradually, the back-end staff thins out, leaving her alone in the room with Peeta, his blond hair, and his smile that still lingers after his team mates are long gone. Not that she's looking, or anything. Why would she be looking? When he looks up at her abruptly, Katniss drops her eyes back down to her pathetic lunch of leftover spaghetti and stale breadsticks from Olive Garden. A few minutes later, he stands, tossing the trash from his lunch into the bin and calling out a friendly, "Have a nice day," to her. With her mouth full of food, she gives him a tight lipped smile and he chuckles lightly before leaving. "Asshole," she mutters around her food. "Hey, Katniss, right? You on your lunch break?" Katniss looks up from her wings and scowls. She does not want to socialize with anyone from work while she's eating. This is her break. As in, time away from her job. Obviously, she needs to pick a restaurant a little further away next time. "Nope," she says to Peeta with a strained smile. "I'm still on the clock and wasting the company's money." He chuckles and bounces on his toes a little. Her eyes dip and take in his jeans and the t-shirt for a band she doesn't recognize. The sleeves stretch over his arm muscles when he shoves his hands in his pockets. But his attire tells her that he's not working today. No big surprise there. Unless the store is insanely busy, the logistics crew mainly works Tuesdays and Thursdays when the trucks arrive with new stock. "Sorry, dumb question. I'll leave you to your lunch. See you around, Katniss." As he walks off towards a table with a few of their coworkers and a couple people she doesn't recognize, she tries not to notice the fit of his jeans. "Ass," she mutters into her tea before she gulps it down to moisten her suddenly parched throat. "Motherfucking piece of shit!" Katniss grunts as she tugs on the box of ink cartridges. It's caught on something and she's about had it for the day. The metal stairs shake beneath her and she looks down, groaning at the sight of Peeta clambering up the stairs towards her. "I don't think these things can hold two people," she snaps as he reaches her. He just laughs lightly, extending his arms over the upper shelves and retrieving the box for her. The ease with which he lifts the thing, hefting it onto his shoulder before turning to descend, infuriates her. "I've carried safes up these things before. I think we'll be okay," his voice floats back up to her. She bites back a snappy retort and follows him, gripping the railing as the thing shifts under her footsteps. Give her a good, solid tree any day. These rickety metal stairs on wheels are an accident waiting to happen. When she reaches the bottom, Peeta is waiting for her, a grin on his face. "Where do you need this, milady?" Katniss scoffs and reaches to take the box from him, but he steps back, almost demanding an answer from her. Her scowl deepens. "I can take care of it myself, thanks. And I'm not your lady. Save your silly pet names for your forklift damsels." Peeta laughs and shifts the box on his shoulder, solidifying his hold. "This is part of my job," he says by way of explanation. "You can call any of my crew whenever you need something up top. And if you aren't busy next time we joust, maybe you want to give it a try?" Her cheeks begin to heat and she isn't sure why. His words aren't all that suggestive… Are they? Maybe it's the low cadences of his voice. Whatever, he's an ass. She turns, her braid whipping over her shoulder and commands him to follow her to the electronics section. And she does not sway her hips. Not at all. Biting the inside of her cheek, Katniss tries not to lose her patience. She hates August. Did she mention that she hates August? Because she does. Always the same. School supply shopping. "This box has no blue crayon in it. How is my son supposed to do his work with no blue crayon?" "I'm very sorry, ma'am. That box is from our five cent bin. Which usually means the products may not meet such stringent standards. You could probably find a different box that does have a blue crayon in it." She'll likely get fired for this, but she doesn't care anymore. She's been here for six hours and already, this is the fourth customer to get pissed over the five cent school supplies being slightly less than perfect. "He can't color a sky without a blue crayon! How dare you make my son live in a world where he can't draw a blue sky!" Katniss swallows some choice comments about getting what you pay for and maybe she should let her son color a purple sky instead, but she's already too close to screaming. When she seriously considers telling the lady to search the floor for a stray nickel and just buy a second box, she knows she needs to call for manager intervention. "Ma'am, I can hold your items here while you look for another box of crayons," she says instead, eyeing the rapidly growing line and the angry faces on the customers behind the irate woman. Great. Just what she needs. "Excuse me," a calm voice interjects, cutting the woman off mid rant. Katniss glares up at Peeta. What the hell does he think he's doing? "If it's alright with you, ma'am. This box has a blue crayon. We can exchange it for the other box, if you'd like." "Oh," the woman says, her face twisting in confusion. "Um, yes. That will be fine." Once the boxes are exchanged and Katniss reassures her several times that the crayons will still only be five cents, the lady finally leaves and Katniss is able to finish checking out her line before returning where she belongs, in electronics, dealing with a much smaller number of people. As she's clocking out for her break, she catches sight of Peeta doling out tasks to his team and groans inwardly. What annoys her most is how easily he defused the situation when he rarely has to deal with customers. When the logistics crew members scurry to complete their tasks, she approaches quietly. "Um, thanks," she says awkwardly. Peeta looks at her a moment, confusion etching his face in lines. "For helping out with that lady. I was about to lose my cool with her." "Oh," he says, his face relaxing into a smile. "No problem." Then he steps closer and lowers his head to whisper conspiratorially with her. "The box I gave her may have had two green crayons and no yellow, though. So her son may have to settle for an orange sun in that blue sky." Katniss snorts in laughter and covers her nose, embarrassed. But Peeta's smile only widens as he shifts his weight from one foot to another. "Hey, Katniss. Uh, there's a group of us getting together to grab a drink after work today, over at Ripper's. You interested in joining us?" She should say "no." It isn't her scene. And she hates this job and her coworkers. And him, too…doesn't she? But this close, she can see how blue his eyes are, flecked with soft gold. He's never been anything but kind to her, despite how prickly she can sometimes be. And he's got dimples. "Sure," she hears herself say. "Great. See you around nine, then?" When she nods in answer, he walks away, leaving her insides quivering in something that is certainly not interest. Nope. Not one bit. "Asshole," she whispers, but the word has lost its bite. When Katniss reaches Ripper's, there's already a crowd of people from work gathered around the bar. She hardly knows any of them, and tugs on her plain green shirt, feeling out of place and under dressed in her jeans and ratty Converse she's had since high school. But then Peeta spots her and lights up like the sun. He eagerly waves her over to where he stands, chatting amiably with one of the girls who works in the copy and print section. "Hey, Katniss," he says with a warm smile as she walks up to them. She feels the warmth of that smile down to her toes, and she isn't sure if she likes it. "Glad you could make it. Do you know Lavinia? She's our resident mass fax and oversized print jobs expert." Lavinia chuckles and tosses her silky curtain of red hair over her shoulder. "You make it sound so professional, Peeta." "I know who she is," Katniss says and cringes inwardly at how awkward she sounds with Lavinia standing right there in her four inch heels, painted on jeans, and crop top. He smiles and turns to flag down the bartender before asking Katniss what she's drinking. She isn't a huge beer fan, but she really can't afford much else. Especially since it isn't Happy Hour tonight, but it is $2 bottled beers. She quietly tells him she'll have a Budweiser and he gives her strange look, but places her drink order anyway. "What?" she asks, a bite to her tone. "Nothing," he says with a shrug. "I just didn't figure you for a mass brew drinker." "You thought I'd be a beer snob?" she says as her drink arrives and she swallows a mouthful of the bitter liquid, fighting and failing to keep the grimace from her face. Peeta laughs quietly, his shaking shoulders giving him away more than any noise that might leave his lips. She can't hear his laugh over the noise of the bar, but she wishes she could. The thought makes her take another quick drink. "No," he finally says when she's able to