She's not ready to say "good-bye" yet. Her boxes are all packed and loaded in Gale's truck. There's an apartment in Louisville with her name on the lease. Tomorrow, he'll make the four hour drive behind her beat-up Honda and help her move in. Her friends surprised her with a Farewell Party two days ago that resulted in a god-awful hangover. Technically, she was an adult when she moved in here, but this massive, noisy house is where she grew up. Outside, snow is starting to fall. The crappy heater keeps the house close to sweltering, no matter how low they set it. Multiple complaints to Madge's father, who technically owns the place, got no results, and the residents just got used to it. Standard procedure in winter was to change to shorts and t-shirts as soon as you got home. Tromping down the stairs, she smiles at memories of Guitar Hero sessions in the living room, Finnick leaping from the couch and twisting his ankle. The trip to the clinic that led to him meeting Annie. Nights spent with Gale, experimenting with alcohol and concocting new drinks and new ways to get their friends trashed. Study sessions with Peeta and Thresh, their books spread across the counter and a wipe board propped in the corner so they could organize their thoughts on their current projects. Johanna bursting into the hallway and flinging her coat open to reveal her naked body. The mortification on Madge's face when she told Jo that her family had dropped by for a surprise visit, so please go put on some clothes. Evenings spent curled on the couch watching movies and waking up with her head lolling on Peeta's shoulder, his chest, sometimes his thigh. The night Katniss and Jo came home early from a movie, arguing over whose idea it was to see the latest Twilight when the movie they wanted to see had been sold out, only to learn, the hard way, that Delly and Thresh were now a couple. The months after that Johanna filled with jokes about getting the sofas disinfected and steam cleaned. Katniss snorts and makes her way towards the back of the house, towards the rec room, the site of countless games of pool, darts, and beer pong. Also one fist fight and one very ill advised proposal that made Cato and Clove the first to leave the house after the most memorable wedding any of them had attended. It's not every day the groom's father throws knives at the father of the bride to win a bet. Madge has already strung Christmas lights in here, and Katniss bends over to plug them in, giving the room a soft white glow. Leaning over the pool table, she runs her hands over the scratched wood, smiles as she recalls nights spent beating each of her roommates at this game. Everyone else is out today, either home for the holidays already or out catching a last shift at their job. Somehow, she managed to graduate early, a desperate attempt to save her mother some money and almost cost her summa cum laude instead. But she did it. Bachelors and Masters in five and a half years. Now, she's leaving a semester earlier than the rest of her friends, and it feels all wrong. The front door opens and closes. A pair of keys jangles as their owner drops them in the glass bowl. Then, loud footsteps make their way towards her and she smiles, her insides twisting at the now familiar sounds. She knows his footsteps from the others. "Never did manage to win this game against you," Peeta says and she turns, leaning her hip against the table. He's shoved his hands in his pockets, his gray peacoat unbuttoned and his scarf wrapped loosely around his neck. She gave him that green flannel scarf for Christmas one year, after he complained about the walk to class leaving his ears cold. " So wear a hat," she teased. " Uh-uh. Have you seen what dry winter air does to curly hair? A hat only makes it worse." She bit her lip and shook her head, trying so hard not to laugh at his earnest expression. He mimicked his hair exploding, making the crackling noises to go with it and she couldn't hold back the laughter. " Laugh all you want, Everdeen." The next day, he wore a sock hat just to prove his point and Katniss didn't even bother trying not to laugh when he pulled the hat off, his blond curls instantly standing on end in a frizzy mess. She stopped laughing when he poked her, giving her a nasty electric shock. He grinned at the squealing noise she made then chased her around the house, zapping her each time he could reach her. So she bought him a scarf, showed him how to wrap it to keep his ears warm. "It's all in your aim," she reminds him as she racks the balls. "One last game?" "Sure," he nods and slips out of his coat, draping it and his scarf over a nearby chair. It took less than an hour after he'd moved in for her to declare he was her new best friend. He brought cinnamon rolls. Gale was highly offended that he could be ousted so easily. Until he tasted one and swore his everlasting fealty to Peeta. Finnick thought they were both nuts, but then ate one too, and asked Peeta to marry him. Over the next few months, Katniss learned all about Peeta, all the little details that seemed so trivial but added up to the person who could get her to laugh when she was her lowest, to find calm when she was angry, and to channel that anger into something useful. He was her rock, and of all their friends, she thought she might miss him the most. It's comforting, this last quiet game with Peeta. They move around the table easily, and her eyes keep flicking towards him, watching the way he moves and winces when he misses, groans when she sinks another ball. She wonders if he groans like that in bed. The thought nearly makes her miss, but the shot is good, although sloppy, and she's beat him within ten minutes. Peeta groans dramatically again and bends over the table, arms sprawled. "I am the opposite of that trope with the guy teaching the hot girl how to play pool. Someone's going to revoke my man card," he jokes. She laughs and uses the opportunity to appreciate the way his jeans fit snug over his ass, his toned forearms displayed so nicely by the pushed up sleeves of his shirt. She had her first dirty dream about Peeta within a year of them living together, but she'd shrugged it off as hormones. It was when the dream wouldn't go away and then started intruding on her waking thoughts that she started to worry. Surely someone would notice the way she found herself staring at his eyelashes, his lips, his hair, his…well just him in general. Her cheeks would flame and she'd try to avoid him for a few hours, but that never lasted. She just couldn't seem to stay away from him, although she tried to maintain a friendly distance. And today is the last day she'll get to spend with him. The thought of losing Peeta sends fear coursing through her veins. How did she come to lean on him so heavily? Her breathing escalates and she tries to distract herself with something. Anything. He's wearing jeans and long sleeves still. He didn't change. Fighting the grin threatening to overtake her face, she walks over to him, very casually, and hops up onto the edge of the table. She's terrible at keeping in touch with friends, hasn't spoken to anyone from high school in years…so really, there's no risk. Most likely, Peeta won't even remember her in a few months. No reason not to claim one last memory of him before good-bye. She dives ahead. "Maybe the problem is one of motivation. You need something to focus on. A goal." He lifts his head and props his chin on one hand, eyeing her speculatively. "What did you have in mind?" "Well, it's warm in here, as always, and you didn't bother changing." She toys with the end of her braid and his eyes follow the motion before returning to her face. "I'm listening," he says, his eyes growing dark. Or is that just her imagination? "Strip pool. One piece of clothing per ball," she can feel her face flushing at the bold words and thinks Peeta's cheeks are turning pink, too, although it may be the heat in the house. "Are you sure?" His voice is gruff, eyes intense, locked on hers. Chills run across her skin and a dull throbbing flares to life between her thighs. Before she can second guess herself, she hops down, racks the balls again, and looks him straight in the eye. "I'm sure. I'll even let you go first." "Do I have to call my shots?" "Of course," she wrinkles her nose at him. "Wouldn't want to make it too easy on you." "In numerical order, too?" His voice raises just a pinch and she wonders if he's nervous about the idea of being naked in front of her. "How about this…I have to go in numerical order, but you don't. A sort of handicap." Peeta nods at this then sweeps his gaze over her, a smile tugging at his lips. "Do you even have on seven articles of clothing?" For a moment, she's thrown by the low, seductive tone he uses. "No," she answers, clearing her throat of some strange hoarseness that's decided to take residence. "But you'll be naked long before me anyways." Pushing himself off the table, Peeta looks at the clock, then nods. "Alright. Jo isn't supposed to be home for another two hours." Two hours. Katniss tingles at the thought. She slides the rack off and stows it while Peeta lines up his breaking shot. Positioning herself in his line of sight, she pops her hip to the side and watches as his forehead furrows in concentration. He's mouthing words, and after a moment, she realizes that he's repeating her pointers to himself. With a swift crack, his cue connects and the balls scatter. As the balls slow, the four comes to rest right on the edge for an agonizing moment before falling into the pocket. "Ha!" Peeta crows and stands, watching Katniss expectantly. "Don't get used to it," she warns, wishing for an ounce of Johanna's confidence right now. Closing her eyes, she whips her shirt over her head and flings it onto the chair with his coat. Peeta stands there, drinking her in with his eyes and she shivers, not from the cold, but from the heated look in his eyes. She fights the urge to cover herself, to hide her plain beige bra from him. If she'd thought this through, she would have taken time to slip into her sole set of matching lace undies and bra. He swallows and tears his gaze away, focusing back on the table. "Um, six. Corner," he points to his target. The shot goes wide and he hangs his head dejectedly. "As I said," she scampers around the table, "Enjoy it while it lasts and prepare to get naked. Nine ball, center pocket." A crack and a thump and Peeta takes off one of his shoes. "That's cheating," she scowls at him. "You didn't specify the order the clothes had to come off. And you didn't give the winner choice of clothing item to be removed." "Hmmmm. Ten ball, corner pocket," she leans over the table and sinks the ten. His sock follows and she glares. "Clearly I need to be more specific when wagering with you." Peeta laughs and steps aside to let her around the table