Warning: Sexual Content May 2014 "Yoga breathing, Madge. Yoga breathing. Find your center and all that jazz," Katniss grasps her friend's shoulders tightly. "I'm gonna bust a seam in this dress if I breath any deeper," Madge fans herself and looks desperately at Katniss. "Why am I so nervous? I'm sweating balls here." "Because it's Johanna and she knows at least twenty ways to kill someone and hide the body." Madge laughs and gives Katniss a grateful look. "Is that your way of telling me not to get cold feet?" "Is it working?" When Madge nods, Katniss pulls her in for a hug. A knock sounds on the door, a male voice telling them it's time. The two friends pull apart; Katniss hands Madge her bouquet, fluffs the ivory dress one last time and holds the door open for her. The ceremony is short and simple, officiated by Johanna's friend, Blight. Katniss stands between Madge and Delly, swiping at tears, refusing to let anyone see her cry, but thrilled this day has finally arrived for her friends. At one point, she catches Peeta's eye behind the happy couple and he grins at her. Standing beside Johanna as a Brides Man and Best Man Finnick, he looks handsome in his gray suit and yellow tie that matches Katniss's dress. When Blight calls for the brides to kiss, Johanna dips Madge and proceeds to kiss her thoroughly. The small group of guests cheers loudly at the sight. After, Madge's face is flushed, her lips rosy and swollen, her blonde hair slightly mussed, but she's laughing and clasping her wife's hand. Just before midnight, the newlyweds depart the reception. Collapsing in one of the chairs, Katniss removes her heels and groans. "Excuse me, is this seat taken?" With a smile, she shakes her head and gestures for Peeta to sit next to her. "That was a very touching toast," he places a half-empty champagne flute on the table then reaches down, pulls one of her feet into his lap. He presses his thumbs into the soles of her foot and rubs small, firm circles into her sore flesh. She moans in response. "Stop flattering me. We both know yours was better." "No flattery. Yours was from the heart, so it didn't feel rehearsed." She scowls at him but he just chuckles. "Yours was heart-felt too." "Yes, but also practiced so much that it showed. Not in a good way." She opens her mouth but he speaks before she can protest. "It's just a compliment, love. Not a competition. Besides, Finnick let me know he was pissed. Said he asked me to make the toast thinking I'd smoke you." He places her foot back on the floor and picks up the other one. They sit in companionable silence a while, him rubbing her feet, her sipping champagne and examining her friend. They've known each other since kindergarten. Been friends since third grade. By high school, he was one of her best friends and stayed as such all through college and up to today. So why do things feel different right now? Only a handful of guests are left, but the DJ still plays soft music. Confused by the direction her thoughts are taking, Katniss looks out over the dance floor and tries to put a name to what she's feeling. "When was the last time you and I danced? Prom?" She nods, not wanting to look at him or think about Prom right now. "We should fix that." Gently, he places her foot on the ground then stands, holds a hand out to her. Her lips twitch upward as she places her palm against his, rises to her feet. Peeta pulls her close, keeping hold of her hand and placing his other against the small of her back. Together, they sway to the soft music. Eventually, she rests her head on his shoulder. "Things are changing aren't they?" She asks. The question sounds small and childish. "Because all of our friends are getting married to each other?" All she can do is nod, her throat suddenly tight. The fabric of his suit against her cheek is soothing. "Not really. They've been couples for years now. Except Gale and Leevy, but I think we all saw that one coming." Katniss snorts at this. Peeta tightens his hold on her, leaving no room between them. "I think my toast for them is going to be one sentence. 'About damn time.'" Peeta laughs, sending vibrations through her body and putting a smile on her face. "No rehearsal needed for that toast. And yet still from the heart." The song is almost over when they speak again. "What's that saying about being a bridesmaid but never a bride?" "Three times a bridesmaid, never a bride. I think. Why?" Peeta lowers his chin to try and look at her. "I'm hitting my quota this summer alone." With a gasp, Peeta pulls away from her. "Never say Katniss Everdeen is worried she won't get married some day? I thought you never wanted to marry?" Shaking her head, she stares at her bare feet. "Pardon, sir. There's a couple cases of beer and champagne leftover. What would you like to do with it?" The bartender interrupts before she can answer. When Peeta's hands leave her, she steps back and hugs herself. Brides Man duties call. "I'll just take them." The bartender nods and leaves, presumably to gather the cases together. Looking around, Katniss notices they're the only ones left now. The DJ stops the music and finishes tearing down. "Where is Finnick, anyway?" She asks him. "Disappeared with Annie right after Madge and Johanna left." "Why does that not surprise me?" Peeta chuckles and reminds her that their wedding is still two months away, as if she needed reminding. While helping Peeta get the alcohol in his trunk, Katniss suggests they take a couple upstairs to her hotel room to relax a little more before they go to sleep. "I'm just not ready to end the day." He studies her for a moment before agreeing. In her room, he takes off his jacket, draping it over the chair, loosens his tie then rolls up his sleeves. Katniss's mouth goes dry and she quickly grabs a bottle and gulps down almost half of the cold liquid. "Slow down there champ. You're getting ahead of me already," he chuckles. They settle on opposite sides of her bed and she works up the courage to tell him what she was going to say downstairs. "That thing about me never wanting to get married?" He nods, spurring her on. "I said that to Gale when he wanted us to be more. I don't know what exactly I was thinking when I told him, just knew that every time he talked about us making a go at more than friends, I broke into a cold sweat and thought about my parents and what a disaster they were, and I dunno. Gale and I just seemed so wrong that way and now I'm rambling." She takes another hasty swallow to shut herself up, nervous about his response. "So marriage isn't a four letter word to you?" "No," she shakes her head and is finally able to meet his eyes without looking away. "I think with the right person, I could be open to it. Back then, I was scared of destroying our friendship. Just about did anyways." "High school will do that," he dead pans. "He almost gave me a black eye for dancing with you at Prom, you know." "He did not. You're teasing me." "I swear it on my father's secret cinnamon roll recipe. How was I supposed to know? I thought you guys went as friends, like Delly and I did." "We did ," she throws a hand up in exasperation. "Now you see my problem." "So I shouldn't feel guilty for destroying your romance? Because I've been carrying that burden for years." His eyes crinkle at the corners and his lips spasm with the effort not to laugh. "God, no. Not even close. Besides, that was our jam we danced to." Rubbing the back of his neck, Peeta finally lets loose his laugh. "Do we have to bring up embarrassing memories?" "You started it," she sticks her tongue out at him and his eyes dart down to her mouth briefly. His own tongue sneaks out to lick his lips before hiding behind his bottle. "How are we all still friends?" She asks, scrunching her nose at the memories of all their teenaged drama. "Pure. Effing. Magic." Placing her empty bottle on the nightstand, Katniss lays down, wrapping herself around a pillow and basking in the laughter that never seems in short supply around Peeta. As long as she can remember, she's always felt this way around him. Warm and content. This niggling itch is a recent development and it frightens her a little. "Since we're confessing here, I had the biggest crush on you in grade school," he says before he tips his beer up for another swig. "What? No way." "Oh yes, sweetheart. You had seven year old Peeta wrapped around your finger." She shakes her head and laughs. "You, sir, are teasing again." "No, no. I would've baked anything for you." Her heart trips at his words and the sudden, intense look in his eyes. "And if you still had a crush on me? Would you bake anything for me now?" She can barely breathe, her skin has come alive under his gaze. She's practically buzzing. "Sorry, too late. I don't have a crush on you anymore," he says with a wicked grin. "You'll have to purchase your baked goods." At that, she picks up one of the pillows and launches it at his head. Peeta sputters for a moment but then grasps the pillow and crawls towards her. "Don't start it if you can't finish," he growls just before the pillow flies into her face. Laughter fills the hotel room as the pair pummels each other. She lands a solid blow to his temple, causing him to lose his balance. Peeta grabs her ankle and yanks her down with him. Yelping, Katniss tries to recover from the fire spreading outward from his palm, up her leg. He grabs the other ankle and shifts himself. Somehow, he ends up hovering over her, his hands pinning hers to the mattress, a smile on both their faces, their fingers twined. Her heart pounds and his nearness isn't helping any. Looking into those blue eyes she's never had reason to doubt, she bites her lower lip, her chest heaves with the effort to draw in air. Without meaning to, she drops her gaze to his mouth. Those smiling, laughing lips that always had the answer, the way to make her forget whatever was bothering her. Right now, they're pink and spread over his familiar smile, but the reaction is anything but familiar. Heat spreads from her heart across her chest, blooms in her cheeks, and is kindled between her legs. Oh, God. She wants Peeta. Badly. "Katniss," he says, the rich timbre of his voice sweeps through her, making her flesh break into goose bumps. "Katniss look at me, please." Her eyes travel upwards to meet his. "I am looking at you," she says, her voice almost inaudible. His head dips slightly, his eyes searching hers. Just when she thinks he's going to close the distance and kiss her, Peeta lets go of her and shoves himself off the bed. For a minute, she just lays there, flexing her fingers, painfully aware of how her dress is twisted around her limbs. Twice she opens her mouth only to snap it shut. Peeta sits on the couch and finishes his beer, runs his hand through his curls. And still she says nothing. "I should probably head back to my room," his voice is suddenly strained and distant. "We've both got a couple hours driving to