WARNINGS: RATED E for language (I'm not kidding about this one), canon compliant mentions of child abuse, mentions of drug usage, prostitution, underage (17 years old with older partners), mentions of assault, and explicit sexual content. Buckle up. It's gonna be a bumpy ride. Summary: I'm a survivor. At least that's what someone once told me. He was probably right, which explains a lot about me. Survivors are selfish and despicable, although I think he meant it as a compliment. Problem is, what I'm surviving for is sometimes hard to tell anymore. It's always snowing when I fuck up. I already disliked winter before the string of fuck-ups began. Everything frozen and dead in the world, but business is almost always better during the winter for some reason. Maybe it's the need for companionship in the cold and the dark. Or I guess a lot of guys in my town get their jollies off on having sex while freezing their balls off. My ass would beg to differ on the merits of this idea. So would my smarting skin. "Take it, cunt. Fuck, you're a tight bitch." Don't mind that asshole. He's just my next meal ticket. I grip the target in front of me and keep my head down so the security cameras won't catch my face. He doesn't seem to care, though, standing upright, fingers digging into my ass as he drills into me. I check my watch and wince a little as he slaps my cheek, the noise echoing in the otherwise silent shooting range. I really hope he finishes soon. I should charge him extra since I had to basically give him half a hand job just to get him erect. But charging extra after the transaction has begun is always a dicey situation. "Oh fuck, I'm close. You close, too?" I roll my eyes, as if any of my clients could ever get me close. But they always seem to think they can. They are paying for a service, though, and most of them want to think they're good enough at fucking to make even a whore come. So I arch my back and moan a little. "That's it, you fucking slut. Take my cock. Take it!" he shouts the last as he slams into me, nearly pushing me and the target over with the force of it. I grab onto the metal struts, disgruntled as he whines pathetically. When he finally pulls out of me, I stand, careful to keep my back to the cameras, and yank my skirt down, straighten my coat and turn to him expectantly. "What's the matter, Princess? Can't handle round two?" "You gonna pay for my time to wait around for it?" I ask and he scoffs at me. "Didn't think so." As he hauls his pants back into place, his softening penis still sheathed in the condom, I hold my hand out for my paycheck. One handed, he pulls out a stack of cash from his back pocket and smacks it into my palm. "Next time ya want me for free, right?" he asks arrogantly and I snort. "I don't do anyone for free," I tell him and walk away while he's still trying to deal with the condom and his pants. Hurrying around the police station, I pause only long enough to dig out my wipes and clean between my legs, discarding them in a trash can along the edge of the park. The town is silent, only certain people venture out this late. I could probably get a few more customers tonight. Last week I had a lonely widower, figured he'd be gentle for a change, and it was nice to actually work in the warmth of a home. He might've usually been gentle, but I can't know for sure. Guess it'd been awhile for him. He came after four thrusts. At least he paid good. I actually managed to cover the electric bill in full for the month. Maybe he wants another go. I wander back towards his section of town instead of home. The lights are on in his house and he's sitting on the couch, reading a book. I knock and watch through the window as he looks up, confused and probably not expecting visitors tonight. I twirl my hair around my finger and paste my sweetest smile on my face. "Hey there," I purr when he opens the door. "Miss me?" "Come inside," he motions, eyes darting up and down the street. As soon as I'm in, he yanks the curtains closed. His hands tear at his belt, and I drop to my knees. "This is fifty," I tell him as I pull a condom out of my bag and rip it open. He nods frantically and shoves his pants and underwear down to the floor. He pumps himself until he's hard, holds himself still as I roll the condom over his length, and moans loudly when I cover him with my mouth. "Fuck I haven't gotten head in years," he whines, hips thrusting slightly, and I can tell he's not gonna last long with this either. I suck harder, hoping to speed things up a little more. Humming does the trick and he curses again while I stroke him to make sure he's completely satisfied. Men are such strange creatures. So easily able to take pleasure and yet not able to savor it. Even when they try to take it slow, they end up in a jack-rabbit race to the end. Take this one, for example. His face twists like he's in agony when he comes, and after, he looks almost as like he's pouting. As though he wants so badly to prolong it but just can't. I head into his kitchen and pour myself a glass of water while he straightens himself a little. His place is nice, not like mine. I wonder if he's got enough money to afford me for a whole night. It'd be good for the stack of bills awaiting me, but I still don't know anything about him, and the words of Ripper, my mentor in this area, ring in my head. "Hey, uh, here's the fifty," he says as he walks in, his wallet opened and a few crisp bills in his hand. "And um, how much for you to stay a little longer?" "How much longer?" I ask. "I wanna fuck you from behind," he expels a heavy breath and I give him my most winning smile. "Well that'll be another two hundred, but I'll give you a twenty dollar discount if you let me use your shower first. Alone," I emphasize the last word, but he nods eagerly. "Yeah, sure," he says, counting out an additional hundred and eighty and handing it to me. "Thanks," I say and shimmy my way towards the direction he points out as where the bathroom is located. I take full advantage of the clear, steamy water and luscious soap in his shower, even if it means I smell like him after. But my luxury is short lived since I've barely got the condom on him and smeared some lube on myself before her bends me over the arm of his couch and slides into me with a feral yell. He yanks my hair and his hand rubs a spot too far to the left of my clit to do any good. He comes almost as quick as last time, but at least he doesn't yell obscenities at me. Gathering my money, I leave while he's in the shower. It's been a good night, and as I walk home, my pockets heavy with my earnings, I veer off course and eye several of the window displays in town. There's the usual displays of meat cuts and shoes, toys that I've no need for, and also the icy lavender bra and panty set I've been eyeing, thinking maybe I could up my price if I started wearing fancy lingerie. The shop is long since closed, though, so I continue walking, past the pet store with its menagerie of colorful birds all sleeping for the night, and halting in front of the bakery. The scent of yeast and sugar hangs heavy in the air. In a few hours, the lights will flicker on in the back room, spilling under the cracks of the door that separates kitchens from display areas. But what catches my eye are the intricately frosted cakes on display. Waves of honeyd yellow and spun sugar blossoms. Fondant birds in half flight. They're so beautiful and pure. They make me sick. I spin on my heel and march home, away from the memories. Everything is exactly how I left it. My mother slumped on the couch, a needle in her limp hand and the TV screeching soap opera reruns. I crank down the volume so we don't get a complaint from the neighbors and head into the bathroom. First things first, I add the money to the stash in my right boot. Everywhere else I've hidden it, my mother manages to find it and blow it on her drug habit. I'm not sure how she's paying for it anymore and I really don't care to know. I shower again, scrubbing men from my skin and trying not to think about how nice the widower's shower is. I should pay him another visit next week. He had a stack of money and was obviously happy to see me again. I can deal with knocking twenty off for him in exchange for a really nice shower once in awhile. Maybe I'll even start carrying travel bottles of my soap and shampoo in my bag just for when I visit him. When I'm clean and in my sweats for bed, I check once more on my mother. No change. I turn off the TV and the lights, not wanting to waste the electricity. Sometimes I hate her. Most of the time I hate her. I should've run when I was sixteen and never looked back. Then I wouldn't be living this amazingly wonderful life of mine. I climb into bed and am asleep within moments. It doesn't last. The icy roadways and towering trees, flashing lights and bitter cold visit me, the way they always do at night. When I wake, I'm in a cold sweat. I grumble and head to the bathroom, cleaning myself with a washcloth since I can't afford another full shower. Not here where I have to pay for the water. Dressing in my jeans, boots - yes the ones with my money in them - and a warm sweater, I head out the door without a second glance at my mother and walk to school. I need to finish my homework anyways. I'm not alone in the early arrivals congregating in the cafeteria. I rarely am. Too many kids in this town work late into the night and return home to parents who are drunk or drugged or fucking away their problems. Not that I can judge there, but shouldn't a parent be more responsible? Of course, we aren't the only kids here early. As I pass by the gymnasium, there's the squeal of sneakers on the polished wood floor and shouts interspersed with loud whistles. I walk past with my head high, ignoring the inevitable cat call that comes through the open door. They all know what I do, even though I refuse to fuck a student. Yeah, I know that I'm one too, but students don't have money unless their Mommy and Daddy are rich, and those kids spit cruelty and drink entitlement for breakfast. The last thing I need is a fat lip from the starting quarterback because he decides I wasn't worth the money. "Work it, baby. You free tonight?" I resist the urge to flip him off and keep walking, ignoring the epithet that follows me. They think they're creative. Or maybe that I'm easy. Pathetic. In the cafeteria,