PROMPT 36: I was watching the movie '71 and I got this everlark prompt idea where it's panem but without the games and there is a rebellion starting in d12 and peeta takes part in it but during a street riot he gets injured and katniss and her dad find him and take him in and take care of him for a while and hide him from authorities looking for rebels. -Submitted by Anonymous DISCLAIMER: First things first, this story is only very loosely inspired by the film ' 71 , a UK made film set in 1971 Belfast, Northern Ireland, and the tumultuous times commonly referred to as The Troubles (an apt name if ever there was one. Yikes). If you haven't seen the film, I highly recommend it, although if you are not familiar with the history, I also suggest brushing up on it before you watch since the film takes the approach that the viewer knows what several acronyms stand for and what the motivations are for all three sides (yes, three) of the conflict. So if you don't know that, you'll get lost in the first twenty minutes. And it's really intense and violent. Like several children die graphic deaths in it kind of violent. Oh wait, I'm talking to THG fandom... Anyhow, you've been warned. Now for the standard disclaimer, I am not Suzanne Collins nor am I affiliated with Lionsgate, Warp Films, or Creative Scotland. In fact, I'm not affiliated with any movie production or book publishing companies on any continent. Which means I have no claim to these characters or their story lines and gain absolutely nothing out of writing this other than the joy of destroying your hearts. WARNINGS: Rated Teen and up for depictions of violence and executions, equivalence to racism and police brutality, character and child deaths. My everlasting thanks to titaniasfics for your editing skills and continued support. You asked for it, Anon. Hugs and I hope you enjoy, whoever you are! -katnissdoesnotfollowback It's the fire that finally tears me from my dreams. Bending and dancing unnaturally. Alive and reaching out for my father. For my mother and my sister. For me. My body jolts with the force of my waking, and it takes me a moment to catch my breath, to orient myself in my home. The bed is warm, inviting me to return to sleep, to forget responsibilities. My father still snores softly in his bed, although the faint light filtering through our dust-covered windows suggests that it is past time for me to rise. Slipping from my covers, I hiss at the cold floor beneath my feet and dive back into the warm blankets to search for my woolen socks, which must have come off as I slept. The delay gives me time to check the clock on our mantle, which is really just a board nailed to the wall where we have a few pictures and trinkets displayed. My parents' wedding portrait. The most recent school pictures of me and my sister, Primrose. A vase for fresh flowers, empty for now in the last cold weeks of winter before the weather turns warm. The clock claims it's just past midnight. Confused, I shiver, thinking of the fire in my dreams. I remind myself that it wasn't real and the glow outside cannot be from imagined fire. Still, I am cautious as I creep to the window, bypassing my father's bed. I can't see much through the coal dust coating the outside of the pane. It's a constant problem here in the Seam, the layers of the black stuff which always seems to accumulate over everything. My father hates it. And although Prim and I pitch in to help him keep our home as clean as possible, there is nothing we can do about the coal dust that settles outside, gathers too quickly for us to keep up with it, although we do scrub our windows at least once a month. Unable to see through the window, I make my way to the front door of our house and step outside, just for a moment, shutting the door behind me to keep in the little warmth our pot-bellied stove provides. The sky glows orange over the square, a few dozen blocks distant from our home, and a humming noise fills the air. A hundred angry bees, or perhaps people. There's a gunshot and then a scream. A dull roar of collective voices in anger or anguish. Heart pounding, I return inside and crawl back in bed. My father used to speak of things like this and nights like these. Protests. Riots. I've never known one to occur in my lifetime, though. I lay there, motionless, listening for more noises that might tell me what is going on in the heart of our District. My feet itch to return to the door, but my head reminds me that it would be dangerous and futile. All I hear is the thumping of my blood in my ears and the stalwart breathing of the only two people in this world who I am certain that I love. For their sake, I dare not brave the streets again until morning. What could anyone in District 12 hope to change by protesting in the streets? I keep my head down as I walk beside my father into town, our game bags loaded from an especially good haul. My eyes long to look skyward, to enjoy the brilliant blue above us. We've already spent most of the day beneath its glorious expanse, and I let myself get distracted by its beauty more than once. Still, I would rather look up than down. But that's not a good idea here. Our boots scrape quietly on the stones of the town streets. We make our way behind the shops that ring the square. We're not welcome up front. Despite the fact that my father has been trading with them since he was a teenager, and I joined him ten years ago, Merchants still look on us with suspicion and distrust. They will buy our meat and wild grown produce, but they will never really look us in the eyes. Stopping at the first store, the butcher's, I scan the back alleyways for Peacekeepers while my father knocks. Not that Peacekeepers are any great threat. Most of them are as starved for fresh meat as the rest of us. Some of them are our best customers. There's always a chance, though, that a new arrival or a Peacekeeper facing a promotion might actually take the laws against poaching seriously. Then we'd both be in trouble, and probably take my little sister along with us. Rooba, the butcher, cracks the door and peers out at us. "Morning, Rooba," my father greets her solemnly and opens his bag to pull forth the four turkeys we shot. "Not interested today," she says before he's even got his hand wrapped around their bound legs. "I've got four plump turkeys in here," my father tries to explain, but Rooba shakes her head. "You've not been about town since early this morning, have you?" My father stiffens and my eyes dart between the two of them. We usually head out well before dawn, when it's easy to slip out of the District unnoticed, in between Peacekeeper patrols. Although, we don't broadcast that information. It'd be stupid to hand out specifics that would give the Peacekeepers an easy time to catch us in the act of committing a crime. "I like you, Sage," Rooba says. "You're a great supplier and a good father, but don't come to my door again, alright?" With that, Rooba shuts the door in our faces. My father turns and strides to the next door. I follow, questions burning on my tongue. All day, I wanted to tell my father about what I saw last night, to ask him all these pressing questions, but whenever a quiet moment presented itself, the words seemed to stick in my throat. I wondered if it was something that would anger my father. We have no luck at the grocer's either. Or the cobbler's, both families that are usually more than willing to purchase meat from us. My father doesn't even try the sweet shop or the bakery, two more of our regular trades, instead turning silently toward the Seam after Mrs. Cartwright apologizes profusely and informs us she can't buy one of our rabbits today. For a moment, I watch him limping away, confused. When I finally realize he's not going to wait for me or explain, I hurry to catch up, falling in step with him. We take slow, measured steps back towards the Seam, avoiding the square itself or the main roads. My mind churns so that I barely notice our direction until my father ducks his head and leads me through the low door to the Hob. It's unusually quiet, although we do manage to unload two of the turkeys to Greasy Sae and one of the rabbits in exchange for some thread, and the twine and paraffin wax that we need to make candles. Unfortunately, as I stand counting our meager coin and glancing at our still mostly full game bags, I know that we won't be able to afford the new shoes that Prim needs. Hers are worn through, handed down from me. The shoes weren't even brand new when I wore them, but purchased second or maybe even third hand in the Hob. I watch from a distance as my father tries to bargain with Ripper. We usually don't trade with her, since she sells contraband liquor, something we have no need for, but if she's got coins from a sale of her own, it might be worth it. Eventually, my father manages to unload another rabbit in exchange for some money. "Here," he says as he returns to me and drops the money in my palm. "What now, Papa?" I ask quietly. His forehead furrows and he turns towards the door. "Home, Katniss. We go home now. There's not much else we can do," he says. I walk a few steps behind him, sudden anger bubbling in my veins. I don't understand why he's not trying harder. He could be having one of his bad days. Ever since Mama died two years ago, my father hasn't been quite the same. He still gets up and works his shifts in the mines. Still joins me in the woods on his days off. But he's not the same. He used to laugh and sing, pull my sister and me into warm, unexpected embraces. Maybe it started with the mining accident. When I was twelve, my father would take me into the woods early. Before dawn. Before the Peacekeepers were out on patrols. Long before the whistles at the mines blew, shrill and lingering, to call the miners to work. He taught me to hunt, and to find the beauty in our world which seems to hold so little sometimes. I learned far more valuable lessons in the woods with my father than the District school could ever hope to impart to me. In January that year, when I was looking forward to my thirteenth birthday in just four months, there was an explosion at the mines. I remember the alarms sounding, and how we were released early from school that day. I found Prim, waiting for me in the school yard, and as we walked towards the mines, I wondered where our mother was. She was already there, aiding as much as she could as broken bodies were brought up in the lifts. Each time the lift clanged to a halt, though, she stopped and turned to watch. Prim and I were helpless, held back behind barriers the Peacekeepers erected, shivering in our threadbare coats, but I could see my mother. A healer. Her hands and her soft voice could work magic. That day, though, I