Even though it gained her a couple thousand new followers and more notes than anything else she's ever posted, Katniss is starting to regret the series of fandom songs she posted starting two months ago. Usually, her blog is dedicated to her original attempts at songwriting and singing. But Madge recommended a book series about a group of teenagers in a post-apocalyptic future that bring down their government. At first, she'd been skeptical. Books like that were everywhere these days. Eventually, she gave in to Madge's pestering and read them. Within the first few chapters, she'd been sucked into the world of Rivers Bend finishing all three books in a matter of days. It was a little scary how much she related to the heroine, Charise, a prickly but hilarious girl who initially joined the fight to save her sisters. She adored Charise's dynamic with her siblings; it reminded her a lot of her own relationship with Primrose. And then there was Aidan, Charise's counterpart and the most swoon-worthy character Katniss could remember reading. She'd fallen in love with them and their story, and well, afterwards she couldn't help herself. She'd just felt so inspired . A few short weeks after finishing the series, she had written, recorded, and posted a song based on the books. A second song followed in quick order. Then, her blog exploded. It's all been rather flattering, but also an awful lot of work to keep up. With trepidation, she sits down at her laptop and logs in to her dashboard. …40 messages…60 new followers… She slams her head on her desk. This is what she gets for avoiding tumblr for a full week. Most of the messages are simple compliments on her songs or her voice. There's one anonymous hate message telling her that her "Craptastic music is completely unoriginal" and blah blah blah. She's fine with constructive criticism but comments like this give her nothing to work with. After she deletes that message, Katniss answers most of the others privately. She hates posting asks unless they're more for discussion than just praise. About halfway through, she freezes, her face flushing with heat. It's him again. Well, she thinks he's a him. She supposes she could be a girl. Regardless of gender, this person's words never fail to make her blush. The language is simply stunning. About once a week, she'll get an anonymous poem. Usually about birds or rivers, the beauty of a well-crafted song, or the peace of a spring morning. She briefly toyed with the idea of turning one of the poems into a song, but felt that would be wrong without asking permission first. This week, it's more of an epic poem, sent in five asks, centering on a woman with a devastatingly beautiful voice and the man whose heart she unwittingly captures. Aha! She thinks. So it is a boy sending these to her. Or maybe she's reading too much into the poems. She starts biting her nails, debating how to respond this time. The poems didn't start showing up until after she'd posted her fan songs. Which makes her pretty sure whoever this is followed her because of them. One night, she even spent a few hours trolling the Rivers fandom blogs looking for a potentially male user who wrote poetry, but to no avail. There were just so many. Also, she got distracted by some of the gorgeous fanart out there, and even though she swore she wouldn't follow fandom blogs, she ended up following about a dozen, sending polite messages to comment on how much she liked their artwork. That gained her a slew of new followers as well. Almost immediately, she considered deleting the songs from tumblr, and leaving the fandom side. They were overwhelming. A little in-your-face with their joy and their obsessions and their…feels. Eventually, she chose to stay because so many of them didn't just like her Rivers Bend songs. They listened to and spread her original work as well. Overall, her new followers were incredibly supportive and insightful. Then the poems started showing up in her inbox. Perhaps she should be freaked out by this poem, but she's more flattered than anything else. She quickly compiles the asks and adds an answer: Dear Poet Anon, Once again, you have left me speechless. Your words are their own kind of music and I really want to turn one of these into a song. Please come off anon so I can talk to you about it. #askthemockingjay #i'm serious #i've already got a melody drafted #anonymous It's a little bold for her to do something like this. She blames it on Prim bugging her to stop hiding behind youtube and tumblr and start performing live again. This feels like a baby step she can take. Now she can tell Prim that she's collaborating with another artist. Yeah, that sounds impressive. With a smile, she finishes sorting through her asks and posts a quick text update on her latest song. Should be done with the new song by Friday! #my sister says I should start performing again #but I'm terrified #anyone know abernathy's suds and grub in nashville? After a quick scroll through her dash and a few reblogs, Katniss logs out and heads to bed, a little later than planned. That night, thoughts of performing on stage invade her dreams. As a little girl, she'd sing with her father, or in the middle of a choir whether at church or school. She's never liked the spotlight and so she never sought it. When her father died in a violent car wreck, she'd mourned through singing, healed through singing. She sang in the car, in the shower, while she washed dishes or brushed Prim's hair. She sang until her voice was raw and the broken sounds finally roused her mother out of bed and to seek a therapist. But still, her voice was for her and the ones she loved. It wasn't that she wanted to be famous now. Somewhere along the line, she thought this might simply be who she was, a musician. She didn't want fame, just a steady following, enough to make a career of it with perhaps a side job. Still terrified of being the center of attention, she'd eased her way into the world through tumblr and yahoo, places she could post audio of her singing but no pictures or video of herself. She didn't tell anyone her name, preferring to remain anonymous behind the stage name Mockingjay. Whenever she thought about singing solo in front of an audience, she'd start to feel nauseous, and then the nightmares came. They were twisted dreams that inexplicably linked her father's death to performing onstage. They only made her waking physical response worse. Tonight is no different, only something shifts in the dream. A faceless presence. A brief feeling of calm interrupts the terror and she's able to finish her song in peace. For the next few days, Katniss obsessively checks her inbox. Between classes and work. While she's eating breakfast. When she should be studying. She's never been this attached to tumblr before. "Put the phone down, Katniss," she chides herself one afternoon. It's getting ridiculous. She posted her new song on Friday, which was not a piece of fan appreciation, and gotten a very positive response to it. All of that was gratifying and almost enough to distract her from her anonymous poet. Almost. It's late on Monday night when she finally gets the message she's been anticipating. Singingmockingjay, I'm sorry I did not answer sooner. In truth, I was a little too stunned to at first. Those poems were written for you, and you are free to use them as song lyrics if you like. Just let me know when you sign a record deal and I'll send my real name then. J Please don't feel the need to follow me if you don't wish to, although I'd be flattered if you did. Always your humble fan. The URL listed was riverofbreadandrhymes. She hesitates for a moment, trying to remember if she's seen that URL in her notes. The problem is, she's given up keeping track. It became too much work after her follower count shot into the thousands. Finally, she clicks on the link to view his blog. It's a simple theme that doesn't reveal much about the owner. She clicks on the sidebar link labeled "Poetry" and quickly scans his poems. The structure and flow feel familiar. They all roll off the tongue the way a song would. Her fingers start itching for her guitar strings. Before she gets involved putting his words to music, she decides to peruse those in depth later. Next she scrolls through his "Artwork" page. "Ugh, he can draw beautifully, too. So unfair." On the "Rivers Merge" page, she finds his art and poems inspired by the Rivers Bend trilogy. So she was right about what brought him to her blog. There's also a page dedicated entirely to pictures of baked goods, and based on his tags and text posts on that page, she guesses he actually is a baker, maybe for a living. The stuff looks mouth-wateringly good and her stomach growls noisily at her. Finally she clicks on the "About Me" page. There isn't much listed beyond what she already knows from his pages and main blog except for a city. Memphis, Tennessee. Only a few hours away. Before she can over think what she's doing, she clicks FOLLOW, then dishes out some ice cream for herself. Although, she'd rather try one of those cheese buns she saw pictured on his page. Two days later, riverofbreadandrhymes posts one of those silly ask box memes. "Came for the _, stayed for the _." Deciding this could be fun, she sends him an ask that he posts within the hour. Came for the poetry, stayed because I'm clearly a glutton for punishment and your baked goods pictures make me insanely hungry. –singingmockingjay So I should keep posting bread porn? Consider your dash flooded with carbs. BTW, did you ever decide on that performance you mentioned? Because you should do it. You have an amazing voice. #I know I was a goner after one song #everyone else go follow her #you won't regret it #was it the buns or the cakes that got you? #singingmockingjay Definitely the cheese buns. Where can I get some of those? -singingmockingjay Alas, those are one-of-a-kind. You have to come to Memphis to get some. #my cheese buns bring all the gals to the yard #well the bakery #but that doesn't fit #singingmockingjay They message each other a few times a week after that. She keeps getting poems in her inbox, not on anonymous, or sometimes he'll tag her and ask for her opinion on something he writes. They have heated discussions about Rivers Bend and she discovers that being in a fandom is fun. Others join in their discussions and guess what...she kinda likes all their feels. He makes her laugh and their conversations flow easily. She starts to wonder what he looks like, what his voice and laughter sound like, what his favorite color is, if he drinks hot tea like her or sweet tea, and the million or so other details that would make him feel more real. Some of those are easy to find out, all she has to do is message him. Orange like the sunset. Yes! Hot tea with milk but no sugar. Has to have the window open to sleep. Swears the neighbor's dog howls more in tune than he can sing. Works in his family bakery with his dad and two brothers and is working on a bachelor's in English. She's still working up the courage to ask him to post a picture. And at night, her nightmares turn to mildly unpleasant dreams, still linked to her father, but not to his death. After three years of dreading the stage,