In which Everlark is really good at forcing each other out of their comfort zones. WARNINGS: RATED T and up, depictions of bullying, foul language Katniss unfolds her book and sets it on her desk so no one can see her cry. The teacher's words drone on as she holds back all her fears and tears. He left them. She doesn't understand why he just left them. He always said he loved them more than anything. And he just left . At eleven years old, she might not know much about the world or love, but she does know deep in her bones that if you love someone, you never leave them behind. "Katniss," the teacher's voice finally cuts through the fog of hurt. Miss Trinket's tinkling soprano warble grates on her nerves. She lowers her book just enough to see her teacher watching her expectantly, fuschia lips pursed together. "Please help our new student as needed," Miss Trinket says in exasperation, hand motioning to Katniss' left as the class sniggers. "Think they're made for each other?" Cato sneers behind her to her right. "Couple 'a losers right there." Her anger burns in her veins. An inferno ready to unleash and smash Cato's nose in. The rumors about her parents have already made it through town. One day. One day is all it took for all of them to know her father had walked out on his wife and two daughters. They all knew her daddy hadn't really loved her. A movement to her left catches her attention, though, and Katniss looks sharply towards the desk Miss Trinket had waved to. An unfamiliar boy with unruly blond hair sits hunched in the chair, shoulders curled as he meticulously unloads his school supplies into the desk cubbies. As though curling in on himself like that will make him invisible. An odd purple bruise peeks out of the collar of his shirt. For just a second, his eyes flicker over to hers before they focus back on what he's doing. Blue. Like the sky in spring. As Miss Trinket proceeds with the lesson, Katniss huffs and fixes her eyes on her social studies book, annoyed that on the worst day of her life, she's saddled with the new kid. When they dismiss for lunch, he thankfully stays back from her, although every few minutes or so, she feels eyes on her. Whipping her head around, she keeps finding him watching her, only for his eyes to dart away again. She sits alone at lunch, propping her social studies book on the table as a barrier between her and her classmates, grateful the new boy didn't do anything weird like follow her. It's not until she heads out to the playground for recess that she sees him again. A soft sound of distress catches her ear. Her feet move automatically, stealthily, towards the brick walls enclosing the dumpster. Harsh laughter. Scuffling and papers being torn to shreds. "Please don't," a quiet voice pleads. Katniss peeks around the wall and watches as Marvel holds the new boy against the dumpster. Blood trickles from his nose as he struggles to escape Marvel's grasp. Cato stands a few feet away, tearing page after page from a thin black notebook before shredding them and dropping them in one of the puddles of filth that seem to congregate around dumpsters. "I knew you were a worthless pussy," Cato sneers, dropping the decimated notebook on the ground before stalking towards the new boy. "Bet your Daddy hates you, too. That where you got the bruises?" Incredible pain flashes in the boy's eyes and Katniss feels her anger mounting again, propelling her into foolishness. She can't stand it a second longer. They're all too occupied to notice her, Marvel restraining the new boy, Cato preparing to punch, the boy fidgeting in an attempt to escape. She slinks into the space behind them, palming her social studies book. She stops just behind Cato and taps him on the shoulder. As soon as he turns around, she unleashes her anger at her father and Cato himself, swinging the book so hard it connects dully with Cato's skull. He stumbles sideways, eyes dazed, as Marvel finally releases the new boy and grabs her, they scuffle for a second and then Marvel's palm connects with her cheek, stinging enough to pull tears and stars out of her eyes. She falls to her knees, regretting her brash actions. Then Marvel is torn away from her, his body slammed into the dumpster. Katniss peeks through her fingers as Marvel slides to the ground, holding his hands over his head as the new boy punches him repeatedly. Cato has regained his feet and grasps the back of the new boy's shirt, but he jabs an elbow back. Cato's nose snaps with a crack and the two boys scramble away. The new boy collapses to the ground, and worried he's been seriously hurt, Katniss crawls over to him. As her hands land his arms, though, he scurries away from her and leans against the dumpster. "Hey, it's okay," she says. "They're gone now." "No, it's not okay," he whispers. "I didn't wanna do that." "What were you supposed to do?" Katniss asks angrily. "They were being jerks." "No, no, it's not okay. I'm just like her," he moans. "I don't wanna be like her." "Like who?" Katniss asks, confused. He cups one hand over the purple bruise and whispers brokenly. "My mother." Stunned, Katniss shifts to sit next to him, curling her knees up and holding them to her chest. They sit in silence, the boy curled in on himself again and rocking himself. Eventually, Katniss reaches out and picks up his destroyed notebook, opening the cover and finding a beautiful world laid out on the page. "Did you draw these?" she asks in wonder. "Yes," he says. "You think I'm a wimp, too, don't you." He states it heavily, doesn't ask it. Katniss flattens some of the wrinkled pages and sets it next to him. "I think they're amazing," she says and the boy looks up at her, confusion in his eyes. "My Daddy walked out on me and my Mama and my little sister yesterday," she says brokenly, and finally lets a single tear fall down her cheek. The boy reaches out a shaking hand and swipes the tear with his thumb. "He must be stupid," the boy says, and Katniss smiles weakly at him. "We're gonna get in trouble, aren't we?" "Maybe," she says with a shrug. She doesn't really care. Cato needed a good whack to the head. "I'm Katniss." "I know," he says and then blushes as she scowls slightly. "Miss Trinket said your name this morning." "Oh," she says, suddenly feeling guilty. "I didn't hear yours. I wasn't paying a lot of attention." "That's okay," he says quietly and then extends his hand towards her. "I'm Peeta." With her first real smile in days, she accepts his hand and they shake. Helping one another up off the ground, they head back to the playground and join the lines forming to return to class. Cato and Marvel return later with notes from the nurse. Katniss' heart pounds in her chest, but they must not have told, because she and Peeta are left alone the rest of the day. "Found something that might interest you," Katniss says and stands next to Peeta's locker, tapping the yellow flyer against her lips and smiling at him. Her smile dies when she see's the red welt just beneath his right eye. She fucking hates his mother. And she fucking hates CPS in this town, because even though she's called in half a dozen anonymous tips, nothing has happened. "Oh yeah?" Peeta smiles at her like nothing's wrong. Shakes his head slightly when he sees her scowl. "What's that?" He easily snags the paper from her limp hands. Then he frowns as he reads the words. "Katniss, I don't want to do anything like this," he says and hands the flyer back before reaching into his locker for his math book, loose leaf paper crammed into it with sloppy equations on the lines and perfect drawings on the margins. "Why not?" she asks in exasperation. It'd be good for him. A controlled way to let loose the thinly veiled anger and frustration she so often sees simmering in his eyes. Not to mention all those assholes would maybe finally leave him alone after he wins a few matches. She's tired of watching her best friend shrug away the near constant stream of insults. "I just don't," he says forcefully and slams his locker shut. Her mouth gapes as she crumples the paper before shoving it in her bag. Peeta never gets mad at her. "Okay," she says softly and whirls away from him. She walks alone to their math classroom and sits stiffly in her seat, ignoring him as he lowers himself into the desk next to hers, tearing a sheet from his notebook and handing it to her. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to lose my temper with you. She lifts her chin and responds as Mr. Latier walks in and immediately starts writing on the chalkboard. I was just trying to help. They've been in junior high for a month now, and so far, it's no different than elementary school. The same bullies, the same crap. Insults about Peeta's artistic talent and his refusal to throw a punch. Slurs about her heroin addicted mother and the blow jobs Mrs. Everdeen gives out just to pay for her habit, the part time jobs Katniss holds down to keep food on the table. Katniss just wants to try to change things. I know. I'll tryout if you do. She reads the note and stares at the bright purple flyer behind it. Choir auditions. Her hands shake and when she looks over at Peeta, he's seemingly focused on Mr. Latier's lecture. But she knows that tonight, they'll be sprawled on her bed with her explaining it in terms Peeta can understand. Then he'll coach her through their lit homework. She smiles and pulls the yellow flyer announcing tryouts for the wrestling team back out of her bag. Flattening the paper on her desk, she writes one word on the paper before handing him the note and the yellow flyer. Deal. He's at every concert and she's at every match for the next two years. "Do it again," Peeta insists, snatching the cards from her hands and holding them behind his back. "Peeta, I need those," Katniss whines, grasping for the index cards. "No, you don't," he says firmly. "You've read it a million times already." "Then you give the damn speech," she snarls. "You're better at this stuff anyways." "I'm not the valedictorian," he says with a grin. "You are." She clambers up his frame, but he twists and pins her to the bed, the cards held high above them, well out of her reach. Her middle swoops at the sudden disorientation. "Say it again," Peeta demands with a smirk. She huffs and starts the speech, but she's only five sentences in when Peeta's frown halts her. He releases her and sits back, shuffling the cards as she folds her arms across her chest. "What did I do wrong? Did I skip something?" "No," he says and ruffles his hair. "You just sound like-" "Like a robot," she says and he nods. "It's what Principle Heavensbee said, too when we had practice today. I can't do this, Peeta." "You get on a stage and sing solos in front of the entire school," Peeta encourages. "Not the same," she moans and grabs a pillow, stuffing her face in it. "Why not?" Peeta asks softly. "That's singing," she says with a wild gesture of her hands that makes the pillow drop. "Would it help if you picture the entire audience in their underwear?" he asks with a grin. She snorts and