After completing my multi-chapter AU about Boromir (Heart in Hand), I decided to make another about Frodo.:) It's quite personal, since I identify a lot with him (my INFP brother), and a lot of the depression, anxiety, and PTSD descriptions are taken from my own life. Nevertheless I hope that his character still rings true to how others see him as well, and that this story might be enjoyed by other Frodo fans.:3 Chapter 1 – The View From Here Frodo turned, looking down at Hobbiton lying below him. He had climbed one of his favourite hills, only to find that he didn't enjoy the view any more. The sun had just set and twilight was gathering like thick mist reaching out of the earth to the still glowing sky. Frodo had always loved this hour – the gloaming, which filled the air with a last lingering golden light, fragile and warm. He nuzzled closer into his hood, his breath coming out in little clouds of steam. The November evening was full of frost and light. More light was springing up from below, as if in answer to the call of the deepening darkness around. The tiny sea of twinkling houses looked as friendly and familiar as ever, but instead of feeling warmed by it, Frodo felt a cold chill inside that made him shudder. Unable to bear the sight any longer, he turned his back on it and kept walking away. He gave a soft gasp as he beheld a big, yellow full moon rising in the east. A flock of thin purple clouds were gathered around it, like a cloak. He gathered his own closer about him, as a sharp breeze began to blow. A voice inside his mind told him that he should turn back home, but he ignored it, staring grimly ahead. He had taken night time strolls many times before after all, and the sky was clear, promising to add stars to moon. What about dinner ? the voice insisted, reminding him somehow of Sam. Frodo smiled ruefully, remembering all the times that he had made his caring friend worry. If it hadn't been for him, Frodo wouldn't be here now, and he knew it well. For some unknown reason the cold chill returned at this thought. It took him some moments before he realised that it was guilt. He knew he wasn't as grateful for his survival and enjoying his unexpectedly saved life as he should. He hastily stepped back and stumbled as he felt the sharp bite of ice beneath his feet. He had stepped into a frozen puddle, being so lost in thought. Examining his feet, he found that luckily he hadn't cut himself (hobbit soles were very thick after all), but the cold water was already freezing his toes. Sighing, he decided to go back. Even so, by the time he arrived in Bag End, his toes were almost turning blue and he was shivering all over. He performed all the necessary tasks mechanically – boiling the water, getting towels and warm blankets, making a hasty dinner and then retiring to bed with it on a tray (he knew Sam wouldn't approve somehow, but he didn't care – this was his home after all, and he had no problem with crumbs in bed. Most of the time a lonely meal at the big kitchen table just depressed him.). He felt warmth returning to him after he had finished his food and was thoughtfully sipping his tea. With a jolt he suddenly remembered that he still had some papers to read for tomorrow – he regretted his decision to act as Deputy Mayor ever since he had made it. He hadn't expected it to be much work and the least he could do to help after the sad events of the Battle of Bywater and the hard times The Shire inhabitants had behind them. He felt somehow responsible, at least partly, for everything that had befallen them – if he hadn't tarried so long in setting out, nothing of it may have happened or at least they would have been home earlier to deal with it. Actually the post of Mayor didn't really contain a lot of work or responsibilities – usually it was only the presiding over the great banquet at the annual summer fair and giving a speech here or there. But now things were upside down in The Shire, to put it mildly, and a lot of things needed taking care of – first and foremost to restore everything to how it was before, which meant taking down all of the new, ugly brick houses (not to mention the monster of a new mill), putting up new houses in good, sensible hobbit fashion, and the planting of many trees. Sam was doing a lot of this work, and Frodo didn't really have much to do except to "oversee" things and nod his head to propositions that their makers knew much more about than he did. But even this could get exhausting, as he had learned by now. People kept coming to him with questions that were laughable ("Mr Baggins, the ruffians trampled my kitchen garden, what should I do?") or even with no questions at all. He had a feeling that they simply came to stare at him, though none of them actually asked him about where he had been or what he had done. He tried to imagine how he would react to that, but it seemed too unlikely to ponder. Would I want that to happen? he wondered, slightly bemused at himself. Why should I? No one would believe you any way, another part of his mind answered, one that sounded rather bitter. He shifted uneasily in his bed, thinking of the rangers, who had guarded and protected The Shire for years without anyone ever knowing it and therefore never getting any thanks. They simply had done it because they wanted to save The Shire and because there was a need, just like he had done... Frodo squirmed, not liking where his thoughts were leading him. He'd better go to sleep. He felt reluctant to blow out the candle and lie down though, experience telling him that falling asleep was a hard task these days – like everything else, to be honest. It either took him ages (sometimes until dawn), or he fell asleep only to be woken up by a terrifying nightmare. Sometimes he didn't know which was worse – relieving the past in a dream or in his memory. Deciding that thinking about the inevitable was just as pointless, he blew out the candle and turned onto his pillow at last. The moonlight was gently streaming in through the gap between the window curtains that he always left, but he felt anything but softened by the sight. On the contrary, he felt stiff and agitated, and he didn't know how to help it. "I have a complaint to make." The thin, rasping voice cut through the silence, rousing Frodo from a rather silly daydream about flying over The Shire to the sea. In the doorway of the parlour stood Lavandula Bracegirdle, looking very displeased indeed. Frodo had decided to leave the door to Bag End open, since the constant knocking had gotten on his nerves. He even had stuck a note on the door, reading "Questions concerning the Deputy Mayor – 10am till 4pm". There were no words for how ridiculous he felt, but he had to confess that it rather helped to have a fixed ending point for the whole ordeal. Of course it was taken for granted that no Hobbit would call during the meal times, which reduced the whole amount of time significantly. It all reminded him of the day after Bilbo's famous birthday party, when he had been tasked with giving away all sorts of presents. It had been annoying enough with people thinking they could take what they liked, especially with the confrontation of the Sackville-Bagginses at the end, but just sitting there without any real task and being confronted with pointless questions was even worse. He had to laugh when he thought of all the things he had endured, and yet such small annoyances still got to him – exhausted him even more than before, to be honest. His visitor cleared her throat audibly to bring back his attention. "Forgive me." Frodo forced his attention back with an effort. "What can I do for you? "You can listen to my complaint, and write it down too, and then do something about it." Mrs Bracegirdle told him angrily. Frodo had no idea how he could have offended her when he had only been Deputy Mayor for two days and had last seen her at Bilbo's party. "A complaint?" He asked politely, not believing for a second that there would be anything to it. "About what?" "About vandalism!" She stomped her umbrella on the ground for emphasis. "My prized pumpkins have been stolen and my garden demolished!" "I'm sorry to hear it. Do you know who did it?" He really did feel sorry, though he hardly felt that that mattered. "Of course I do! It was them ruffians as said that it was taxes ." She snorted at the word, leaving no doubt as to what she thought about it. "Well, sadly they did that all over The Shire, Mrs Bracegirdle. And you may know that all surviving ruffians have been caught and shown to the borders." Frodo explained slowly. " Well , that was very stupid of you, I must say!" she exclaimed. "You should have made them pay for what they've done, and least ways set them to repair the damage they've done!" Frodo actually thought that she had a point. Leaving the repair work to those who had caused it seemed logical and just, though he didn't think that that would have been possible without any trouble, on both sides. It probably was better that they had been chased out of The Shire as quickly as possible. And any way, those decisions had lain mostly with Merry and Pippin, but they weren't hear to listen to complaints. He winced at the sudden sharp pain in his left arm. "Maybe, Mrs Bracegirdle, but sadly it's too late for that now." He realised that he used the word "sadly" too often in his last conversations, but he supposed that it was simply fitting. "If that's the case, I demand compensation." Mrs Bracegirdle sniffed, wrapping her scarf closer around her shoulders as a sign of injury. Frodo looked at her. She frowned at his still blank paper, but instead of starting to write, he stared at her some more. "Well?" she asked, clearly unnerved by his reaction. "I'm sorry, but we, that is the Mayor, doesn't compensate." He restrained himself from telling her that it obviously wasn't his nor the Mayor's fault what had happened to her pumpkins. "All the stolen things that were found have been returned, and as far as I remember there were no pumpkins among the food supplies." "But my pumpkins were famous! As far as Bree!" she said, as though this would change matters. "Those people said they were the government now, so it's only fair that the government should pay me back my damage." He had to admit, it seemed logical. He almost felt like paying her out of his own pocket, and he probably would have done so, if it hadn't been for her demanding tone. His arm hurt once more and this time he had clutched it before being able to restrain himself. Mrs Bracegirdle's frown increased, staring at him as if he were a dangerous lunatic. Frodo got up with a jerk, not liking to be looked at in such a fashion. "I'm going to make some tea. Would you like some, Mrs Bracegirdle?" "I'm not here for tea." she replied, raising her chin, as if to show him how immune to