Whenever I re-read The Fellowship of the Ring I wonder what would have happened if Boromir had arrived only a bit later at Rivendell and also, later on, what if they had listened to Boromir and just would have taken the Gap of Rohan! That's where the idea for this story came from (also I'm in denial of some canon things...). It's a mix of book and movie-verse. Blackheart Dracon: sorry, it took so long! Thank you for your patience. I hope you'll like the beginning (even though it's still miles away from where I want this to go).:) Disclaimer: this is all Tolkien's fault. Chapter 1 – Of Hobbits and Men Pippin covered his head with one of the impossibly soft and fluffy pillows of Rivendell and tried to fall asleep. It was no use. THOMP. THOMP. THOMP. Silence. THOMP. THOMP. THOMP. THOMP. "By every carrot that I ever stole, there must be a congregation of Proudfoots assembled up there!" Enough being enough, Pippin hopped out of the large bed and stormed out of his room in direction of the stairs, not bothering about changing his night-clothes. Best to remind them what time it is and that they should be in bed like the rest of decent people! Having reached the room directly above his own, he summed up all of his Took-courage and knocked on the wooden door. The loud footsteps stopped for a moment before they came nearer and the door was opened with an impulsive jerk. "What is it?" Pippin momentarily forgot everything he had wanted to accuse the owner of this room of, when he was barked at by a huge, dark-haired man. A very angry looking man, who looked like he could rip a hobbit into half with ease. Said man's gaze stared at thin air for a second, before he looked down and spotted Pippin. He must have given a fairly pathetic impression, because his eyes became much friendlier all of a sudden. "Aha! Another halfling, I see. I had no idea there would be such an assembly of you here." It looked as if Pippin was trying to make extra-big smoke rings, like Gandalf, except that he wasn't smoking; nor talking for that matter, though it can be assumed that he was trying to. The man frowned, apparently worried that he might have damaged the little creature in some way with his violent door-opening and loud exclamation. "Are you all right, little one?" A big pair of green eyes widened and finally Pippin found his voice. "I'm not little, you are simply terribly tall!" The man gave a big laugh, proportional to his size, and somehow, from that moment on, Pippin knew what a big heart was hidden beneath all that pride and boldness. "Well then, forgive my lack of manners and let me introduce myself. I am Boromir, son of Denethor, the steward of Minas Tirith." He placed his hand over his heart and nodded gravely. "Nice to meet you, Boromir! I'm Peregrin Took, son of Paladin Took, Thain of The Shire, but you can just call me Pippin." He placed his hands in his pockets and bowed so enthusiastically that his head nearly slammed to the floor. There was another bout of laughter, then Boromir suddenly looked confused. "And to what do I owe the honour of your visit, if I may ask?" "Oh, that!" By now, Pippin had completely forgotten about his previous anger and frustration. "I was simply wondering who was making such a thunderous noise. You see, my room's directly beneath yours." Boromir blinked a few times, then thought of what he had been doing for the last twenty minutes, and smiled ruefully. "I'm truly sorry about that. I had no idea my pacing would be cumbersome to someone else." "Well, it's all right, just stop it!" Pippin suggested good-naturedly. "What were you doing that for anyway? I mean, it's not like they imprisoned you in here." A sad smile appeared on Borormir's even features. "No, they didn't. But now that I'm here, I'm starting to have doubts whether I really should be." He paused and saw that Pippin's face was crumpled in confusion and worry. So he put it simpler and not quite so worrying – something he had practised all his life for his little brother. "Today's conversation with Lord Elrond was very tiring. He told me about the things they discussed in yesterday's council. And I miss my home." "Oh!" Pippin's face lit up in understanding. "Frodo told us all about it. Well, not all. Actually, he may think we didn't notice, but he left out some important stuff. Merry and I eavesdropped, but you mustn't tell anyone," he added in a conspiratorial tone. "Uh. I won't. How many halflings are here exactly?" Boromir wasn't sure whether to be flattered by this display of confidence or alarmed at the lack of security at this supposedly secret council. "Just the five of us. Bilbo's been here for a long time of course, but Frodo, Sam, Merry, and me, we all arrived together just a while ago." Pippin shrugged, maybe a little disappointed at the lack of hobbit sense and hobbit entertainment at their current location, no matter how beautiful and awe-inspiring it might be. "But why don't you go home? And where is your home?" It would be an understatement to say that Boromir was flabbergasted at the tiny creature's curiosity and lack of decorum. He had never met someone like that. The only person who came to mind was his brother, but at the age of eight. "I hopefully shall ride back home soon, now that my riddle is solved. The White City lies far away from here, in the south, and a bit to the east. Have you never seen it on a map?" The thought that someone in the west of Middle Earth didn't know where Minas Tirith was, nagged a bit at Boromir's pride. He had spoken about many people not knowing what he and the soldiers of the White City were sacrificing in order to keep them safe; but to think that there was a whole race that didn't even know of the existence of Gondor was pure mockery. Pippin didn't seem to see it as quite so dramatic. "Probably. There's an old one hanging in the Smials, but I never studied it. That's something for Bilbo and Frodo. But as far as I understood it, he will be going south too. Maybe I can visit you in Minas Tirith some day, and then you can show me how ignorant I was." Once more, Boromir was shocked. Just when he had thought he could classify this unknown being and put a label on it, it surprised him further with a display of astuteness that disproved his former assumption. He felt embarrassed and compelled to apologise again, but didn't know what to say. This was a situation far from ordinary for him. "I'd be honoured to. But excuse me now, Master Pippin; I should get some rest, and you probably too." "Yes, certainly. Your pacing quite wore me out!" The cheeky words barely left his mouth before he had already rounded the corner towards the stairs. Boromir briefly wondered whether the hobbit had sensed his awkwardness and had tried to tease him as much as to cheer him up. But then he just shook his head in incredulity and closed the door. The next day, Pippin woke up not knowing exactly what to do. Now, that was no strange thing in itself – back in The Shire he never made plans going further than breakfast. The new aspect was that this suddenly bothered him. After nagging so much that Elrond and Gandalf had finally allowed him to accompany Frodo on his dangerous task, he found that he didn't want to think more closely on what he had begged for. He'd rather set out at once, but of course they had to wait for the return of the messengers that had been sent out. Better to go out and explore this place then, than to lie in bed and ruminate! He hopped out of bed at once, dressed in a topsy-turvy manner, and rushed out to drag Merry to breakfast. Two hours later (a hasty breakfast by hobbit standards), Merry and Pippin strolled through the lush gardens of Rivendell. However, they had absolutely no idea what to do. Explore every corner of the house? Check. Walk, then run through all of the gardens? Check. Annoy Frodo, Sam, and Bilbo? Check. Talk to the elves in order to get enigmatic answers to their questions? Check. "Now Merry, I really can't think of anything else! If Gandalf hadn't told us to not disturb him, I'd even be so bored as to bother him. I had really thought there would be more to do here!" Pippin flailed his arms around listlessly to emphasize his boredom. "Well, I wouldn't mind having a look at the old maps and books in the library, but I guess–" The enthusiasm of Pippin's negation couldn't wait for Merry to finish his sentence. "NO! Nonononononononono no ! You can't do that to me!" "Very well." Merry put his hands in the pockets of his waistcoat and wore that smug expression Pippin hated so much. "Make a better proposition then. If you don't, I'll go!" "That's not fair!" The lower lip trembling that Pippin sported was known as the famous Pip's P out throughout The Shire, but unfortunately for him it didn't work on Merry. He had become immune to it a long time ago. "Don't even make the effort to try the puppy eyes, Pip, you know it doesn't work on me either." Pouting turned into scowling. If it had been hard for Pippin to think of something to do before, now his frustration made it nearly impossible. "How about we try to climb that big pagoda?" He suggested hopefully. Merry frowned deeply. "We tried that yesterday and I nearly broke my foot!" "All right then… What about stealing some food from the kitchen?" "Pippin! We tried that the day before yesterday and they said if we did it again they'd tell Gandalf." "Why, I had no idea you were such a coward, dear cousin!" Both hobbits glared at each other for a moment. "I'm not a coward!" "Yes, you are!" "Am not!" "I assure you!" "Take it back!" "Never!" "Take it back or I'll–" "Shut up!" Pippin blinked rapidly in succession. "You'll shut up?" Merry looked unsure for a second, as if considering the possibility that he really had said something completely different from what he had intended to say, and in a much deeper voice too. "You should!" The deep voice said again, but this time it was accompanied by Boromir's form appearing around the corner of the main house. "Uh-oh," was all Pippin could utter as a warning to his cousin. "I was assured by Lord Elrond that Imladris was a peaceful house and a haven of tranquillity for everyone. But somehow it doesn't quite live up to that," Boromir grumbled at them, though Pippin could tell that he had a hard time keeping his face stern, as if part of the situation seemed to amuse him actually. "You're as grumpy as Gandalf!" Pippin covered his mouth with two hands, but it was too late. The words had been quicker than his reason, and now all he could do was to stare up at Boromir in shock, while Merry stared at his cousin in perfect imitation. But funny enough, the explosion they both were waiting for didn't come. "Gandalf?" Boromir looked from him to Merry and back, half expecting another halfling to jump out of the shrubbery around them. "Who's Gandalf?" Merry gave his younger cousin a significant look, but obviously he hadn't learned from his mistake and opened his mouth again. "Why, you don't know Gandalf? Everyone knows him! He's our guide and friend, and he should