I woke to my mothers's voice, "Kayla, it's time to get up now. You'll be late for school!" I threw my covers of my face, and pulled myself out of bed. I was definitely not a morning person. I trudged over to dressing table and yanked a brush through my bird's nest hair that fell half way down my back. My hair was the reason people stared at me, because I dye it fiery red, fading into a sunset orange and the tips a honey yellow. I grabbed the nearest thing top from my chair – a white blouse my mother had selected for me - and pulled on a pair of denim shorts that I'd abandoned on the floor earlier in the week. I shoved on my tan army boots and carmine scarf, walking down the stairs for breakfast. "It's a lovely day today, Kayla. I don't think you'll need a coat,' Mum stated. "I wasn't planning on wearing one." "Pancakes or porridge?'" She asked. I pondered over the choices. It must be a special day, because it's normally bran flakes or brown toast. "Pancakes, please." I took a large gulp of apple juice. "Coming right up, sweetie!" She sang which was weird because she's always in her best of moods in the winter. Mum's an ice sculptor and she gets a lot of commissions for large swans and hearts and reindeer for the Christmas season. I love to help out, but the ice always melts whenever I'm near it. I can be sat in my room, and Mum's outside and she'll yell that I need to go out, because her ice is pooling around her feet. "So...Mum, what's the special occasion?" I asked suspiciously. "Oh! Nothing! I just wanted to make a treat for my baby girl." I raised an eyebrow at her. "Oh, Kayla, cheer up! Today is going to be a good day for you, I can feel it." She reached over and gave me a cuddle, her strawberry blonde hair tangling withmy fiery locks. "I'm going to miss you," she whispered into my hair. "Miss me? Where am I going?" I laughed. "Oh, the pancake needs flipping!" I didn't question her rubbish excuse, but my stomach started to flip, and I wasn't sure I was that hungry any more. I drizzled maple syrup over my pancakes and we ate in peace. It was just me and Mum and I liked it that way. After breakfast I ran back up to my room and almost tripped over the family cat, Chocolate. "Is it really going to be a good day?" I asked him, not expecting an answer. But he replied with knowing eyes and a nudge round my pocket. "No, I haven't got you any food, but if you go downstairs now you can probably get some toast," I told him. His green eyes lit up and he raced past me in a bid for breakfast leftovers. I clipped my white watch around my wrist, drew black lines around my eyes, dragged my lashes through a layer of mascara, and touched up my lips with a shimmery pink. All part of the morning routine. "Hey, Miss Winter!" I heard my best friend Bailey say to Mum downstairs. I raced down the stairs, almost tripping on Chocolate for a second time, because he'd found a comfy spot on the eighth step nibbling the last of a slice of toast. "Bailey!" "Hey, Kayla!" She called back. Bailey Pathos had long black hair that fell just above her waist. She wore it in a high ponytail with a moon hair clip. Her eyes were a deep grey, and her skin was like snow. She wore her usual black biker boots, a navy long sleeve top and a white waistcoat, with black shiny buttons. We were polar opposites, and she always moaned that it wasn't fair that I tanned so easily. "You ready to go?" Bailey asked. "Yeah, just let me grab my ba-" "Actually girls, I'll be taking you in the car today," Mum interrupted. "Oh, sure," I said, and picked up my bag. I realized that Bailey had straightened her fringe and that normally only meant one thing, "you stayed out half the night didn't you?" She didn't meet my eyes. "Kayla you would have loved it!" she gushed after I poked her in the ribs. "It was a full moon." Bailey said as if this explained everything. "You know I don't like that dark," I said. "I prefer sunshine, it's better for the skin." "Well, I prefer the dark, and you should come out with me sometime." "No thanks." I pushed my hand up in surrender. "Come on girls. We need to get in the car," Mum said, agitation crept into her tone. She looked around frantically as if trying to find something. "Mum, are you okay?" "I'm fine, love. Just get in the car for me, please," she added through clenched teeth. I did as I was told. I slipped into shotgun and Bailey lounged in the back. "We have plenty of time, Mrs. Winter," she said casually. But Mum didn't seem to be paying attention. I saw a muscle jump in her jaw, but she kept her hands white knuckled to the steering wheel, and pulled quickly out of our drive. The scenery rushed past in a blur, as Mum applied even more pressure on the accelerator. Col-de-sacks and crop fields flew up, until the landscape changed quickly and we were rushed into a world of skyscrapers, traffic and streets crowded with people. "Mum, I think you took a wrong turn," I said in amazement. As sign posts screamed at me in bold, that we were headed to New York. "Where does it say we're in New York?" Bailey asked confused. "I thought that sign said Yowk Ren!" She laughed. At that my Mum put her foot even harder on the pedal, the wheels of the car barely touched the surface of the road. The brakes screeched as she steered the car onto the curb. "Mum you can't park here, there are yellow lines." But somehow I don't think she heard me. She held my wrist and grabbed at Bailey's elbow, steering her in the direction of the Underground. "Where are we going?" Bailey asked in confusion. Not to school, is all I could think. We were led frantically by Mum, who was practically running, but I had no idea why. We pushed past everything; hotdog venders, school children, elderly ladies walking their small terrier dogs. Nothing could stop her from taking us…wherever it was. After minutes of walking we finally came to a big sign and stairs that plummeted underground. "The Underground," Bailey whispered, as my mother got ready to mount the escalators that churned in frustration at the weight of so many people. We added to the load as we hurriedly mounted the moving slope. "Come on, come on!" Mum said under her breath. "Excuse me," she said politely brushing past hulking shoulders of workmen with briefcases, and women in business suits. Their nostrils flared at the sight of us, and their hands moved slowly to grasp my shoulder. Mum looked back, which had definitely been a mistake. I whirled round to see what she was gapping at. The eyes of the women had turned red and they looked hungry. They bared their savage teeth looking deep into our nightmares. "Run," Mum whispered into my ears. It was all I needed. I pushed Bailey in the small of her back. "Suited women trying to kill us at 6 o'clock." I had no idea why we were suddenly running, and even less of clue as to why I was so calm. Bailey turned expectantly, took one look at the deep red eyes that had doubled in size and ran. Well, moved as fast as she could without knocking over mums with shopping bags and three year olds clinging to their legs. The escalators were still blocked but Bailey insisted on saying, "excuse us" to each person. We gained some space between the monsters, and ourselves, with Mum racing to catch up with us. "Go! Go!" She spurred us on, flapping her hands wildly to encourage us to keep pushing. The escalators felt like they sped right down into the Underworld, it was weird that I'd thought that and I certainly didn't realize at the time it would actually be true. Voices pounded through my thoughts, calling me to stop and be carried away by the metal waves. I fought hard, gaping at the back of my best friend's head as she grasped hold of her hair, wailing at the pain. She heard it to! I thought excitedly, but the pain thumped through my mind, as the voice was getting calmer, more soothing like a warm bed after sports in the frosty afternoon. Mum clocked what was happening and yelled, "the rail! The rail!" Bailey looked at the escalator's rolling banister. She mounted onto the black snake and slid quickly down. I did the same, hauling my school bag with me. Mum called at me to keep going, but I jumped off the banister, fought the steps and grabbed her hand, pulling her along with myself onto the rail. Unfortunately, the women in suits had the same idea. I screamed. Signaling to Bailey more than to let people know I was in danger, but as I looked back everyone's clothes had started to turn into dark hooded cloaks and their faces aged a thousand years. I paused for a moment and looked at the writing on the escalator steps. My eyes were drawn to a cloaked man holding a long spear, blood frozen in a trickling motion off the tip. Ronald Bucksworth. Died 1842. Forest. Bear accident. I looked at each step I could see in turn and they all had similar writing styles. Name, when they died, where and how. "Do you see anything?" I called to Bailey, suddenly too aware of the women catching up on us. "TURN NOW," Mum yelled. Hang on? How did she know, it was almost as if she guessed this was going to happen. Bailey turned, and so did I. Mum, clinging to my blouse sleeve, pulled herself along with me. We tumbled off the edge of the rail and found ourselves at the normal Underground platforms. People were real, and we had just escaped death, but the women in pinstriped suits flowed fast. The station was silent and the air was cold, the subway crawled with the slow life of people travelling to work. That was the majority of them anyway, all sipping double latte mocha frappaccinos, but to them we didn't seem to be standing out from the crowd. Two school girls, Mum and the band of three monsters quick on our tail. I had no idea where I was going. We were underground and I felt cramped, like the walls were closing in on me, and my head still throbbed with the lost voices of the dead. "Kayla?" Bailey ushered, motioning for me to join her by the toilets. "What?" I whispered. "Who are they?" Bailey asked at full decibel. Mum was just around the corner, looking out for anything that might try to attack us again. "Furies," she stated it calmly, for she had known it all along. "What?". "You heard her." I whipped round at the echoing sound ringing in my ear. It wasn't my voice, Bailey's or Mum's. It was – gulp – theirs. The eyes of a monster, starved, red, bulging and hungry, met mine. The woman's mouth gave a mocking grin, one of the three grabbed hard at my wrist, clawing at my skin, drawing blood. Bailey screamed, but the sound was lost in the rush of the next subway train. No one turned or even took any notice of us, just walked straight past. Mum, who was being smothered by the two other Furies, had been brought next to