Chapter 1 It wasn't Tuesday. I hope it wasn't Tuesday, because if today is Tuesday, it could mean only the end of the world. Taking a deep sight, to sooth my nerves, didn't help a lot, so the other and only option I had was to look at my life as the failure it is Everything started from the fees, I couldn't pay anymore, because Grover moved out from our flat, and finished with Annabeth's break-up with me. Something I didn't have the time to think about, because everything in between the beginning and the end, was my work, and my studies. For all my idiotism, I just couldn't start and work at Starbucks, like a normal person, like Grover did, and now is happily living with his girlfriend. Do you want to know what I did? I decided I can be my own boss, and now I'm drowning in my own poorness. I don't know if that was the reason behind Annabeth's leaving, but I'm pretty sure it is not the only one. Being you own boss is terrible, and it is the most terrible idea you can have. I don't have money for clothes, I don't have money for food, I don't have money, so I can do my job, properly, and sell some of my paintings. I'm studying art, in University - third year. Good university – shitty students. Like my life. I had to finish 2 paintings this week, and if I have to be more specific, today is the day. Tuesday. God, why is it Tuesday? I looked at my old coffee from last night. It was really Tuesday. The coffee looked like my cat have puked in it. Oh, yeah, I don't have money to feed my cat, let's add that to the list. After getting up from the bed, I went for the bathroom - stretching. What little money that I had from last month's sales, are now gone. I had to finish these paintings this week, but my paint was gone, and now Annabeth is going to kill me. I looked at my reflection. Looking like a dead man again, great start Percy. How am I supposed to go to Annabeth, again, and ask her to lend me some money and not look like a homeless man? Looking back at the paintings I have started, I calculated how much I would need to buy new paint. And food. And coffee. A lot. That's what I summed up in the end, I'll need a lot. I brushed up my teeth, and got back to my bed, still staring at the two paintings I have started. Portraits, they were just simple portraits of rich family members. They don't even show me as a painter, as a character, as a person. They're just simple portraits of the rich persons, I don't even know. But Annabeth know, she knows everyone in the higher class. With all her fancy meetings with rich people. I'm not mad, if that's what you're thinking, I'm exhausted. I tried to show off myself to these people. You know what I got? I got one simple meh from them. Meh is even too much. How am I supposed to get the money, so I can continue my living, I need this paint. My phone ringed, and when Annabeth's names showed up, my hopes for better life died with my enthusiasm to go out and find money. I picked up. "Good morning." "Good morning? Percy? It's 2 pm." She answered me with annoyed voice. Or maybe concerned? I'll never get girls. "Normal time for me to get up, yeah. I've been working 'till late tonight." Lie. I haven't touched these paintings from 3 days now. "Are they finished?" "Well, no… I need to work more on them. I need them to be perfect." Her sight, was so loud, it sounded like she was in the room with me. "Is there a problem? Do you need help with anything?" Yes, I need more paint, and no I can't tell you this because you already pity me so much, my ego is buried deep in the ground like my father. I tried to suppress sight. "No, I just need more time, can you help me with that." "Of course." Her answer was immediate, but she didn't sound happy. "So why did you called me? I hope you didn't just call me to see if I have finished my job, which I'll finish these days." I'm a dead man. If you ask me why I am still excavating my own grave, I don't know. Ask the ego that is trying to unbury itself from the ground. "No that wasn't the only reason. Today I had a very pleasant talk with a man, which holds a nearby gallery. I really liked the architecture of the place, I mean it's very compact, but holds a lot space inside. When I went to look it up, and add it to my journals I was in a pure awe. The place is amazing both in the outside and the inside. Also mister di Angelo didn't want to tell me who was the constructor of the place, but I'll hunt down that man or woman, I really don't care, and ask them of all their secrets." "Sounds really interesting." It happens often of Annabeth telling me about some or other place build by a person that I will never see or remember. But today I don't have the straight to hear it all out. "And you know what is more interesting?" She asked me as enthusiastically. "What?" "He needs to put a fresh name in his gallery, so you know…" Annabeth trailed the last words, and I got the hint immediately. "Shut up! He wants to show my paintings?" "Yup." If Annabeth was here I was going to hug her, and swing her to the skies, this girl is God, and I'm so indebted to her. "You know how much I love you, right!" She laughed. "But as I said, the space is large. Do you have like… 60-70 paintings?" "Of course I have, you know I'm doing something non-stop, I have even more. I still can't believe this!" I heard her laugh again on the other side of the phone. "Alright I have to hang up now, work is calling. I'll email you the address, and the details." "Thank you." I said at last and hang up. Gallery means showing off my paintings. Showing off my paintings means I can make people look at them. If people look at them, that means, people might buy them. Perfect timing Life, perfect timing. Still being in bed, and with nothing else to do, I got up and started cleaning around the flat, with the hope to find something for the poor car. The cat that I haven't seen around, for the last 15 minutes, in which I'm wake. Which means only two things – she's either dead, or doing something bad. She's like a little kid, if the kid is quiet it is definitely doing something nasty. I have to name her someday anyways. Every kid has its own name. My flat may be small, but I have place for every one of my paintings. One is under the fridge. I got other ones over the tallest shelves, more around the bed. Well it is hard to walk around the flat, but since Grover is not around I've got double the space. And double the fees too. After fining my cat sleeping in my warm covers I opened up my laptop. At least I had the money to pay my electricity and internet. My university fees were paid by my mother. There it was. The e-mail for Annabeth. Maybe after she finishes work, I'll bring her to restaurant or bar, to thank her properly. With the money I don't have. Adulting is a hard place to survive. Like you're on the last level battling the boss, but battling the boss for like 50-60 years, before he kills you and you die. Too dark, Percy, too dark. I laughed at myself, and started reading at the details about the gallery. The address was really near my flat, which made me just happier. I looked up at the gallery's website, and it was really normal for Annabeth to be so excited about the architecture of the place. It was like made of glass, with only one corridor, but when I looked at the pictures taken from the inside, it was like labyrinth. Plenty of space for a lot of paintings. I wasn't interested in the person who was holding the gallery, just in the dates that I can have the gallery. Maybe I was supposed to talk to him over the fees, and money we'll share. He have chosen to open the gallery in two days. In two days?! Okay, I was screaming. I won't be able to hang up all of the painting within two days. And Grover is working every day, Annabeth too. I sighted, who could help me to hang up the paintings. That's right! Calypso, she's always free. After I made myself something like a breakfast, which wasn't breakfast, I called her. When she picked up the first things I heard were strange muffled sounds, and crackling. "Um, hello? Calypso?" "Oh, Percy, hi, I wasn't sure if I have picked up." She laughed. "Am I interrupting something?" I laughed sheepishly on my side. "No, no, I'm on the seashore now." "Seashore? In October? You're not in town?" With every following question my voice started to sound squeakier, and squeakier. "I'll be back in a few hours, don't worry. Is there something? Are you alright?" "Yes, I'm fine thank you. And yes again, I need a little bit of your help." "What is it?" She asked enthusiastically and I felt her smile. "A gallery near my flat wants to show my paintings, and I need help to hang them up. "Really, I've got a job." She sounded even more enthusiastic. More than me. "This is remotely a job." "But still counts." Calypso laughed. "You'll earn some money from it. I'm sure!" "Okay, let's hope so." I smiled too. "I'll be back in a few hours. When are we going to start?" "Tomorrow maybe." I answered lazily. "Tomorrow? When is the opening?" "Day after tomorrow." "Uh-huh. Well, no dear, after I get back, we'll start immediately." "Are you sure? Aren't you going to be tired, or something." "I said immediately." And she hang up. That went well. Now it's time to choose the perfect paintings for the gallery. Which is the worst part of the job. I don't know which is perfect, I love them equally. Most of the time, I ask my half-brother for an opinion, but from years now he's far far away. Now I have to do this job myself. What would these rich people like to buy? Something that looks expensive and unique. Choosing is a hard part of my life, but after my phone ringed again I realized, it have been hours, since the last time I called Calypso. And it was Calypso calling me back. I picked up the phone. "Hey." "Hi, I'm back, in front of your flat." "Wait, what?! Too soon Calypso, too soon!" I answered panicked, and then heard the bell. "From how long are you in front of my flat?" I asked, and hurried to the door. "Three minutes now." She said and sounded more like she was bored, then mad. Maybe I didn't heard the stupid bell, because I was too much into the paintings. "Welcome." I said, as I opened the door, and hang up the phone. "Sorry for the wait." It sounded like I'm working in some shop, or restaurant, so I laughed. I hoped she was with her car, because if we had to bring all the painting to the gallery by bus, it will take us like