There are five Cullen siblings, but what if there were six? Moonlight I walked with my siblings to the lunch room of Forks High School. We were enrolled as Dr. and Mrs. Cullen's foster kids. There was Edward, Emmett, Jasper, Alice, Rosalie, and myself, Madelyn. I sat at the round table with my siblings, between Edward and Emmett, my older brothers. My long black hair hung in my golden-brown eyes. The whole school was wary of us and stared at us in awe at the same time. We Cullen siblings kept to ourselves. We never interacted with anyone outside our group. I whispered in Edward's ear, "It looks like the new girl has her eye on you," I smiled lightly. Edward looked at the brunette that went by Bella Swan. "I suppose so," Edward said. "She's pretty," I looked the girl over, "For a human anyway." "Please, she's so plain," Rosalie scoffed. I looked at my blond sister then shrugged. "Madelyn," Edward hissed, "Would you please keep your thoughts to yourself?" I looked at my mind reading brother with an apologetic grin, "Sorry." "Hey don't you have Biology next?" I asked Edward. "Yes," He replied. "Maybe she'll be in your class." "It's possible," Edward continued to look at the human girl that I pointed out. "I saw it," Alice, my ultra-graceful-pixie-like sister, stated. "There you go," Emmett smirked. Rosalie rolled her eyes. "Madelyn," Edward hissed darkly at me when I annoyed him deliberately with my thoughts. I chuckled and then mimicked Edward perfectly, "Madelyn." He glared at me. I laughed. Edward wasn't the only among us with a gift. Edward could read minds. Alice could see the future. Jasper could control one's emotions. I could copy anybody's voice. "Madelyn, please behave yourself," Alice said. "Okay," My chuckling died down. "I'm sorry," I looked at Edward. Edward just scowled at me. I smiled lightly and kissed my big brother on the cheek. The school bell rang. The students began to clear out. My brothers and sisters and I went our separate ways. I walked with Edward to the Science Hall. He had Biology and I had Chemistry. I hugged my brother before heading down the hall to my class. Out of all my siblings, aside from Alice, I took to Edward the most. Edward had found me in my totaled car on the highway close to the Cullens' home. He carried me there to his adoptive father, Dr. Carlisle Cullen. I had multiple broken bones and sprains. I had internal bleeding. I was barely breathing. Carlisle had saved me by changing me, by changing me into what he and the Cullens were. He changed me into a beautiful, yet deadly, vampire. I'd been with Cullen family since 1970. I was nineteen when Carlisle changed me and he and Esme, his wife, adopted me as their youngest daughter. I took my seat at the lab table next to the window. It was raining heavily now. I pulled out my notebook and began the class assignment. I did the same questions the last time I was a junior, so I answered them all in ten seconds flat. We were all finally dismissed for the day. I saw Edward dashing out of his classroom before anyone else was able to stand up. I went after him. "What's the matter?" I asked him concerned. I read his eyes. "It's that girl isn't it?" Edward gave me a curt silent nod. I looked over my shoulder and looked at Bella. I inhaled deeply, smelling acutely. I stiffened when I smelt the mouthwatering scent of the new girl, which I'd never noticed before now. "Keep walking," Edward said lowly. I turned my head around and obeyed and continued to walk next to Edward to the front office. I stood against the wall as Edward tried to get switched to, without success, another science class. I walked out with him when Bella came in. (At the Cullens' Home) Edward explained to Carlisle that he should leave for a few days to calm himself. "You don't have to go to Denali, Edward," I said. "Just stay home for a few days and then you'll be okay," I sat on the arm of the leather couch. "Madelyn," Carlisle looked at me, "It's his decision." "Yeah," I was quiet after that. Edward left that night. I continued to go to school with my brothers and sisters as if everything were normal. I walked past Bella's table and heard her talk to her friends. I smirked as I walked to the table with Alice. "Don't even think about it, Madelyn," Alice said firmly, knowing what my mischievous expression was thinking. I was plotting to tease Edward and call him while mimicking Bella when he got back. "Stick in the mud," I said, mimicking Alice's chime-like voice, as we sat down. I sat between Emmett and Edward's empty seat. Alice frowned at me. I watched Bella with curiosity. "So she smells good. I don't see what the big deal is," I leaned back in my chair and crossed my arms over my chest. "You heard what Edward said. He was very close to attacking her yesterday," Jasper looked at me. "Yeah," I played with my red Jell-O. "I was about to as well when I smelt her in the hallway, but I didn't go all weak-kneed and went to Denali, did I?" "That's enough Madelyn," Jasper snapped. "Whatever," I became quiet. I stood up after five minutes. "Where're you going?" Emmett asked me. "I'm going to the mall. I don't feel like going to class, plus I can't get near Edward's classroom or I'll lose it. Rosalie, Alice, you in?" "Yes," The girls chimed and followed me out to the parking lot. We got in my white Ferrari. I drove us all to the mall in Port Angles in half the time it would normally take going the speed limit. We walked into Hollister. Rosalie glanced at a lavender V-neck knit sweater. "That would be pretty on you," I told her, "You look really pretty in lavender. Hell, you look good in anything you put on." Rosalie chuckled, "Thank you." "Madelyn," Alice seemed to skip lightly up to us. She was carrying a white and silver stripped casual cardigan and a silky silver shirt to match. "Try these on," Alice ordered with a smile and pushed me to the fitting rooms. I groaned but obeyed. The only part I hated about shopping was trying on clothes. I came out and showed Alice and Rosalie. "Too cute," Rosalie grinned as she held a white shoulder bag, a silver pocket watch medallion to match in her prefect and delicate French-tipped nailed fingers. Alice held white and silver bangles and lace dangly earrings and her hands. "Very cute," Alice nodded in agreement. "They go good with your hair," Alice stated. "Really," I asked and turned to look in the mirrors that reflected every angle. I looked good in the shirt and cardigan as my sisters had said. My flared black jeans matched my hair, which ran down to my waist. I smiled to reveal perfect white teeth. I turned to my sisters before returning to the fitting room to change. I purchased the outfit that Rosalie and Alice put together for me. We headed down to Rack Room Shoes. I bought a pair of white flats. I didn't have to worry about them getting dirty, because I was too graceful to give them a chance. Alice got several shirts, dresses, shoes, and bracelets. Rosalie bought the sweater from Hollister, bought some perfumes, scarves, shoes, and pieces of jewelry. I got the items from Hollister and Rack Room Shoes and bought a few pairs of jeans, some books, and hair accessories. We loaded up my Ferrari's trunk with our new stuff with ease. We headed back home before it began to rain. We arrived home before Emmett and Jasper. We walked into the house carrying each our own things. Esme was scolding when she saw us. "Can you girls go through one day without skipping classes?" She asked. "It's that girl, Esme," Was all I had to say. Esme understood. Alice, Rosalie, and I went to our rooms and put away our new things with lightning speed. (A Week Later) Edward returned home and went to school with us as if nothing had happened. My siblings and I saw him talking to Bella. "This isn't good," Emmett said as he and the others stood near his Jeep. I sat perfectly balanced on the edge of the tailgate. "What's so special about her anyway?" Rosalie stood next to Emmett. "Edward's falling in love," I stated, "There's no stopping it now, he's in too deep." "That's just perfect," Rosalie snarled. "Let's go home," Jasper suggested. We gathered in either in Rosalie's car or Emmett's Jeep. We didn't wait up for Edward. He had a way to get home in more ways than one. He had his silver Volvo in its usual parking space. He could either drive or run home. The next day we watched Edward come back to us after he saved Bella from being crushed by a van. "Why the hell did you do that for?" I asked, "Are you trying to blow our cover?" "What was I supposed to do, let her die?" Edward wondered as we gathered in our father's, Carlisle's, office at the hospital after Edward talked to Bella. Alice, Jasper, and Emmett went home. "This isn't just about you," Rosalie told him, "It's about all of us. One wrong move and you can expose us all." "Don't you think I know that?" Edward growled. "You know, but you're not thinking," I said. "Thank you for saving me Edward and for showing me that you're not human," I mimicked Bella's voice. Edward snarled at me. I growled back. "Enough," Carlisle told us firmly. "Madelyn, please go home." "Yes sir," I got up and went to the door after I flashed Edward a taunting grin. I loved making Edward's blood boil with irritation. "She's not one of us, Edward," I thought, knowing that Edward heard me. I left the room. #################### I sat at the desk in my perfectly kept-up room doing my English report on Victorian Period Literature. I sighed. I had finished editing it for the third time even though it was perfect from the beginning in every area. I stood up and went up the stairs. I went to his room to find the door ajar. I could hear classical music flooding from the expensive stereo. I knocked on the door lightly. "Come in," He said. I opened the door. "Hey," I gave him a feeble smile. "Can I talk to you for a minute?" "If you're here to lecture me then you can leave," Edward didn't look at me. He sat on his couch staring at the shelves upon shelves of CDs. "I'm not," I shook my head closing the door softly. "You know that I'm not." I sat next to him gracefully. "I only agreed with Rosalie because I hate getting on her bad side," I stated. "I honestly think that it was very noble of you to save Bella, despite the fact that she's human." Edward finally looked at me. "She may not be one of us and it's dangerous for you to be with her, but I'm glad that you've finally found someone that makes you happy." I smiled, "It's been years since I've seen you smile so much." Edward grinned lightly at me. I kissed his cheek and hugged him, "Love you." "I love you too, Madelyn," Edward wrapped a marble arm around my shoulders. I got up and left the room. (A Few Days Later) I was excited to meet Edward's human. Edward announced that he would be bringing her over later that day. The others were just as excited, aside from Rosalie, who was moody about it. I was helping Carlisle at the stove as