Candyman by xErised Sugar and Spice It's almost closing time, and Harry has not sold a single chocolate dessert today. There's absolutely nothing wrong with his treats — they were selling perfectly well before... before - He bangs the tray of buttermilk scones on the counter harder than necessary, startling the customers at the till. Hermione and Ron, seated a short distance away, glance up at the jarring sound just in time to see him turn a baleful glare across the road. They share a long-suffering look before turning back to their tea and papers. Harry apologises to his customers. "Would you like to try our newest treat?" He offers, shooting a winning smile at them as he gestures to the chewy fudge chocolate brownies. The mother pauses, but her daughter tugs her sleeve and shakes her head, making her blonde pigtails bounce from side to side. "I wanna eat the chocolate over there , at the angel bakery! I saw an angel in the kitchen the other day, Mum! I wanna eat chocolate made by an angel! And the lady there is very nice," the girl protests, pointing across the road. Draco Malfoy is no angel, nor is Pansy Parkinson nice, Harry thinks darkly. "Don't be rude, Stella," the mother chides. "The brownies look fantastic, Mr Potter. I'll have four." Harry perks up at once and packs the scones and brownies. He watches hopefully as they exit his bakery... and instead of turning left or right, they cross the road and enter the other bakery. Harry lets out a roar of frustration. "What does he have that I don't?! I spent hours this week perfecting the brownies, and last week it was the chocolate mousse and the week before it was the... the..." He trails off, anger clouding his memory. "The chocolate tart," Ron adds and smacks his lips, clearly enjoying the brownies. Hermione folds her paper up and fixes Harry with a stern look. "I don't understand why you're still so upset over this, Harry. It's only natural to lose customers when there's competition, and you're still doing well. Besides, Malfoy works only with chocolate," she says matter-of-factly. "Definitely nothing wrong with your food, mate," Ron declares. He would know, having jumped at the chance to be Harry's dessert guinea pig when Harry was working on new recipes for Sugarcoated, the bakery that the 21-year-old had opened a year ago. "Thanks for the support." Harry returns the grin and joins them, bearing three more brownies and a cup of tea. He waves a hand at the sign hanging on the door, swinging it to closed . Ron eagerly starts on his third brownie, while Hermione nibbles rather happily on another brownie. Harry takes a gulp of tea and looks around his bakery proudly, feeling the familiar contentment spreading through him like honey. It's a cheerful and cosy place — walls painted a sunshine-yellow; a large blackboard menu behind the counter with prices and today's specials written in colourful chalk; a large glass display case containing the day's desserts: tarts studded with berries; crumbly buttermilk scones; rich vanilla pound cake and roly-polys oozing with glistening jam. These were treats that would fit perfectly in Mrs. Weasley's kitchen. The bakery reminds Harry of his friends: Luna's hand-made fairy lights in the shape of whimsically-designed fairy cakes twirl all over shelves brimming with biscuits and sweets; a Transfigured lion draped in Gryffindor colours — from Professor McGonagall — meanders between desserts and trots towards the bottom corner of the display counter; and posters of rainbow-coloured cakes, macarons and dancing doughnuts hang from the walls, collected by Hermione during holidays with her family. Courtesy of Neville, a floral bouquet sits on every table, adding a splash of colour and fresh fragrance. There's a special table placed much further from the other tables — Harry would enlarge it for Hagrid whenever he came to visit. Tucked away in a corner is a play-area with toys, picture-books and crayons for Teddy. And Ron? Well, Ron brings his appetite mostly, but saying that wouldn't be fair to him. He's helped Harry with many things — a year and a half ago, Harry had stood at this very spot in the place that was about to be his bakery. Ron had stepped in, ducked his head at the swinging lightbulb, stepped gingerly over the gouges dug deep into the floor and wrinkled his nose at the crumbling brick and flaking plaster. "This is it, then?" Ron had said, coughing a bit at the dust. "Yeah. It'll need a lot of work," Harry sighed, clutching at the sketch of his dream bakery. Ron flashed Harry a crooked grin, rolled up his sleeves and brandished his wand. "Well, let's get to it, then." Harry had repaid Ron by feeding him his body weight in pies and tarts and cakes, something that he's still doing now. Whenever Harry needs a holiday, Ron is always his go-to person to look after the bakery. The next best person is Hermione, but if she's busy, then well, the point of the matter is that Harry has no shortage of friends he can turn to. Sugarcoated is Harry's own slice of heaven on earth. After the craze and novelty of visiting the Saviour's bakery had worn off, Harry had fallen into a steady, comforting routine — his friends visit during lunch or tea; Andromeda drops Teddy off during weekends, and sometimes he'll ask Ron or Hermione to tend to the place while he takes Teddy out to the nearby park. Hermione often arrives with her arms full of Healer textbooks on weekends and in between classes while Ron sometimes brings his Auror files after work. They'll help themselves to tea and pastries while Harry putters about in the kitchen, preparing for the next day's work or an order for a wedding or birthday party. They'll ring for take-away and laugh and eat and chat. Harry loves it when it's just the three of them; it's like Hogwarts all over again. However, the Slytherins had well and truly disrupted Harry's routine two months ago. He had known that something was happening to the old bookstore across the street — judging by the ongoing construction work, but it was summer, which meant a flurry of garden parties and picnics and an onslaught of orders for Sugarcoated. So it had been a fine, sunny Monday a month ago when Harry had noticed that the building opposite was finally fully furnished. He trotted over with a selection of his best biscuits, his steps faltering when he realised that it was another bakery. He looked down at his plate of offerings uncertainly. The bakery was called Sin, with the S styled like the S in Slytherin and the colour of the name identical to the royal green of Slytherin House. Perhaps that was why Harry wasn't entirely shell-shocked to see Blaise Zabini emerge from the entrance, an unlit cigarette dangling from his fingers and a wry smirk on his lips. "You've survived the Dark Lord, I would hate to see you run over by mere cars," Zabini had quipped dryly. For Harry had simply stopped right in the middle of the road, eyes zipping between Sin and Zabini as if things didn't make sense anymore, and oh, wasn't it a joyous school reunion when Pansy Parkinson stepped out with her arms crossed and eyes grazing Harry's body up and down before quirking her lips and practically purring, "Well, well, well, look at what we've got here. Harry Potter. You're all... grown-up now, aren't you?" She tilted her head towards the interior of the bakery and called out, "Draco, the welcoming party's here!" Harry had started at Malfoy's name — a name that he had not thought about ever since the Trials. He caught a glimpse of blond hair, and with that, Harry had turned sharply on his heel and hurried back to his sanctuary, effectively un-welcoming the welcoming party, because being reminded of Voldemort and getting eyed up by old enemies crawling out of the woodwork on a pleasant Monday morning was so not on. The last thing that Harry had heard as he stormed away was Parkinson asking Zabini you told him what?!- , the strange sound of a smack against bare skin, Zabini's yelp of pain and Parkinson shouting Malfoy's name. Slytherins were a weird bunch. Harry was alright with them being weird and spanking each other, but couldn't they be weird somewhere else? "Why here?! They're not shocked to see me at all! He's doing it on purpose, he just wants to piss me off all over again!" Harry had raged to Ron and Hermione that very day. His two best friends had made appropriate soothing noises, and that was why Harry tried to ignore the customers trickling into Sin, which had increased to a steady stream at the end of Sin's first week. I'm not gonna let him get under my skin , Harry had thought to himself as he sipped calmly at his Earl Grey. We're no longer at Hogwarts, everything's in the past now, I should be glad that he's making a proper living for himself. I will breathe deeply and visualise calm. It had indeed worked as long as Harry didn't look across the street and kept himself topped up with a constant flow of tea and cakes. He was suffused with that same feeling of peace and calm... ...which had gone to utter shit when he read a glowing review of Sin in the paper that weekend. Words like sleekly, professionally crafted, chocolate heaven, thick, rich and smooth, aptly-named Sin had leapt out at Harry. Good Godric, are they selling pastries or sex? The article had speculated about the identity of the chocolatier behind Sin — since the reviewer had mentioned Parkinson and Zabini by name, the mystery chocolatier had to be Malfoy. With narrowed eyes, Harry re-read the praise that was heaped all over Sin and roared — making Hermione spill ink all over her notes. He chucked the entire paper into the fireplace, hurtled to his kitchen and spent the entire day with chocolate. Harry pulls himself back to the present. He picks up a brownie and chews contemplatively. Hermione doesn't understand. He doesn't have to beat Malfoy at his own game, but the other man has always been such a challenge for him. Harry had spent the past few weeks with the thought of Malfoy at the forefront of his mind, propelling him to create better chocolate desserts. Malfoy had fanned that rejuvenating spark of creativity and focus into a slow fire within Harry as he worked late into the night experimenting with chocolate. It felt like he was starting up Sugarcoated all over again, trying out new recipes, pushing himself to the limit. And a part of Harry loved it. There's sudden movement in Sin, and Harry's eyes swivel towards the bakery. A figure — Zabini — moves towards the entrance, flipping the sign on the door and turning his head back. A white-blond head emerges from the back of the shop. Harry watches through the windows as Malfoy throws his head back and laughs, his face looking wonderfully open. It's obvious that Malfoy, Zabini and Parkinson are unwinding after a hard day's work, like what Harry, Ron and Hermione are doing now. Harry finds himself smiling slightly when he thinks about Malfoy's laughter. It'll probably sound nice, because he's laughing with his friends. I bet I could make him laugh better, though. That stray thought makes him choke on his brownie. He quickly washes it down with his tea and hence misses the way Ron and Hermione raise their eyebrows meaningfully at each other. Hermione clears her throat and puts her half-eaten brownie down. "It's been a month since they've opened, and you've never really visited them." Harry blinks, caught off guard. "W-Why would I want to enter Sin?" Harry stumbles, hedging for time by