Mistletoe by xErised This was written for HD_Owlpost 2016. Many thanks to my beta, momatu. Draco has to sit down when he finds the engagement ring. He tugs open the drawstring of the black suede bag from Stardust & Sylvans — a rather fancy shop in Diagon Alley that specialises in engagement rings, Draco notes with approval — and up-ends it on his palm. Out tumbles an engagement ring with a small teardrop aquamarine gemstone set in the centre of the ring. It's a beautiful ring — Draco carefully turns it, admiring the blue of the stone sparkling when it catches the light — but it's a rather flashy ring for a man. Besides, he would much prefer an emerald stone; green is his favourite colour, and it'd be even better if it was a green in the shade of Harry's eyes- Draco catches himself and shakes his head. Oh, what is he going on about? He's got Harry's engagement ring for him right in the heart of his palm and here he is, quibbling about its style and setting. He nudges it towards his ring finger. It looks rather small, but Draco wonders if it'll fit him perfectly, just like how Harry has fit so wonderfully in his life. When he suddenly hears the flare of the Floo and Harry's voice calling out his name, Draco scrambles to replace the ring back to its original position in Harry's drawer. As Harry's footsteps trudge closer, he looks around the room with wild eyes and settles for draping himself sexily across their bed. "Hey," Draco greets, trying to keep his voice steady and his eyes from darting to the drawer where the ring is. Harry raises an eyebrow and grins at the view. "Hey. Bloody amazing, coming home to this every night." He shrugs off his red Auror robes and strips down to his underwear, yawning all the while. "I'm absolutely knackered," he complains and stretches his arms high above his head, wincing at the creaks of his spine. "You've been coming home at nine every night this week," Draco points out with no accusatory tone in his voice. He knows that Harry's been working overtime because of his week-long holiday for Christmas next week. "Yeah. I'm so glad that today's my last day in the office for a while," Harry mutters and steps into the shower. When Draco hears the water running, he waits for a few moments before hurrying to the drawer and making sure that everything is exactly as he'd found it. It's only now that the significance of the ring hits him. Sweet Salazar, Harry's going to propose. Knowing the great big sap that he is, he's probably going to do it around Christmas time. Draco knows he's supposed to be jumping for joy, but it's just… too much too soon, isn't it? I'm going to be Harry Potter's husband. Getting married would be the next logical step, he rationalises. They've already started living together, they've been a couple for three years and he knows deep down that he wants to spend the rest of his life with Harry. But still… Draco begins to pace, his mind reeling with echoing disbelief. They've never really talked about marriage. What sort of wedding does Harry want? What are his expectations in a life-long partner? How is it really like, living with him? Sure, they're currently staying together, but they've only moved in three weeks ago. And what about… what about kids ? This is when panic begins to set in. Draco stops pacing and plops down on the bed. He begins to narrow down his options, counting them off his fingers. He could say no, but he's not going to do that. It would break Harry's heart, and that choice doesn't make sense because at some point in time, he would very much like to get married to Harry. He could say yes, but it just feels so… fast. Perhaps he could say yes but request for a long period of engagement before the wedding itself? A year, perhaps? He could use the time to wrap his head around it, they could sit down and have a proper chat about marriage, but hang on, don't people usually do that before the proposal? Draco thinks, wrinkling his nose. He closes his eyes and imagines a future with Harry — that aquamarine ring glittering on his finger, exchanging vows with him and staying with him in this very house until they're old. Harry has his annoying little habits: not capping the toothpaste properly after he's finished with it, hogging all the covers at night and subscribing to way too many Quidditch magazines. They have fights too; horrible, fiery fights that end in furious words and the harsh sounds of slammed doors echoing off the walls. Despite all of that, Draco knows that they both love each other very much. "I'm going to get married to Harry Potter," he whispers. It doesn't feel so strange when he says it out loud a second time. It's been four days since Draco has found the ring and Harry hasn't said a single thing about it. He's not desperate to get engaged, but Draco's never been particularly good at waiting for presents. It's like waiting for the other shoe to drop, he thinks and stifles a sigh. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Harry edge a curious glance at him as they stroll along the river. They've just had dinner in a fancy restaurant, and Draco had thought that Harry would pop the question there and then. Harry nudges him with an elbow. "Is everything alright? You've been out of sorts lately." Draco's about to shove out I'm fine , but the thing is he's not , because he knows he's been exceptionally distracted and jittery the past few days. He can't predict Harry's reaction if he says it out loud, but he doesn't think he can keep Harry's secret anymore. Draco gestures for them to stop walking. They stop and lean over the balustrade to look at the swirling river below them, Draco taking this chance to marshal his thoughts. Harry sweeps a layer of snow off the balustrade and rests his arms on it. "You know you can talk to me about anything," he says, concern in his eyes. Draco takes a deep breath. "Harry, I found the engagement ring." Harry blinks. "What engagement-" He frowns, but his confusion dissipates after a few seconds. "Oh, that engagement ring! It's not for you," he assures before he looks absolutely stricken at what he'd just said. A short silence passes as Harry opens and closes his mouth without a sound, at an utter loss of words to say. "You might want to explain yourself further," Draco drawls blandly. "Okay, you know our house-warming party tomorrow on Christmas Eve?" Harry starts, fumbling a bit and running his gloved hands through his hair. Draco nods. It was Harry's idea to host a house-warming party on Christmas night for his horde of Weasleys and even invite Draco's parents and friends we always celebrate at the Burrow, we've got enough space here for all of them, and it's Christmas, a time for family- Draco almost had a fit at that suggestion. It had taken him two long years to get along well with the entire Weasley clan; he often tagged along with Harry for Sunday brunch and major holiday occasions, but their gatherings were always so exhausting for him. And the thought of his parents and the Weasleys under the same roof for a party was enough to give him a massive headache. Plus, the amount of food that had to be prepared and the mess that would be left in their brand-new house... Besides, he didn't want to share Harry with anyone on Christmas night in their new house, he wanted Harry all to himself. They had a terrible fight over it, but eventually both of them compromised and decided to hold it on Christmas Eve, with Molly Weasley and a few other Weasleys arriving early to help with the food. At Draco's nod, Harry continues. "Ron's gonna propose to Hermione at the party. He asked me to take care of the ring until tomorrow. So, the ring is for Hermione, not... you." Draco lets out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. He trains his eyes straight ahead, gazing towards the lit-up buildings on the horizon. He doesn't know what he's supposed to feel — relief that marriage isn't on the cards for them now, anger at himself for jumping to conclusions and anger at Harry for not telling him about it, or feeling silly for psyching himself up to be Harry Potter's husband. "So that's it then. A misunderstanding. Perhaps you'd like to notify me before you leave engagement rings lying about our house," Draco mutters and storms away in sheer indignation, leaving a flabbergasted Harry in his wake. He only manages three steps before Harry yanks him back. He's about to say something, but his words wilt on his lips when he sees something else in Draco's expression. "I... I thought you were angry, but you're... disappointed!" Harry gasps dramatically. "Bloody hell, Draco, you're disappointed that I'm not going to propose! You want me to propose to you!" His face engulfed in a hot blush of embarrassment, Draco shakes Harry's arm away. "We've got a house together and a joint Gringotts account, for Salazar's sake! Where did you think this was going?!" He pushes his hair out of his eyes, injecting some semblance of anger into his glare. "Imagine if it were you that found the ring, would you not have come to the same conclusion as I did?" Harry murmurs Draco's name and lets out an affectionate sigh. He laces their fingers together and guides them to a nearby bench. "I'm sorry, I should have told you about the ring," Harry says, suitably apologetic. Draco leans back on the bench, mollified. Harry squeezes his hand, and when he looks up at Draco, his gaze is equal parts shy and nervous. "But... d'you really want me to... you wanna... you want me to propose to you?" He winces at how inelegant he sounds, but Draco's faring no better. "Er..." Draco mumbles and looks down at their joined hands. "I didn't... I mean... I just saw the ring and I kinda thought... you know..." He flaps a hand in the air and lets it drop when he realises he's not making a jot of sense. Seconds tick by as they sit there on a park bench in a dark and snowy night, their tongues tied and their faces glowing with pink blushes. Eventually, Harry clears his throat. "D'you think we're ready?" He asks, his words hushed. "Don't get me wrong, Draco, I really like being with you and everything's wonderful. Even though we fight half the time, I love it when we work through things and come out stronger than before. I think..." His blush deepens, and when he speaks, his voice is barely above a whisper. "Sometimes I think I would like to spend the rest of my life with you." The beat of Draco's heart almost drowns out Harry's words. "But I think we're not ready for marriage yet. If you ask me why, I can't give you an answer. As of now, I'm not ready for it," Harry trails off, his eyes frantic and searching Draco's face for any clues hinting to his emotions. Harry's face falls when Draco pulls his hand away. "Don't be angry," Harry pleads. "I can't lie about something like this-" He stops short when Draco pulls the glove off his own right hand and Harry's glove off his left hand. He twines their bare fingers together, basking in the warmth of Harry's touch. He presses a string of kisses along Harry's jawline. Harry visibly relaxes. Draco rests his head on Harry's shoulder. "When I