Ever since I was young, I've given a lot of thought to how I'd die. You kinda have to when your mom is a adventure addict and you live in the absolute worst parts of America. In the four years that passed I've come up with drunk drivers, her crazy ex's, my crazy exs, drive bys, thugs, crazy girls that are dating my ex's, the police, you know the norm. But never in my life did I think I'd die like this, me facing a hunter that my trusty Swiss army knife and pocketknife can't handle. But I guess it's a good way to die, in the place of someone I love, noble even. I know that if I never went to Forks I wouldn't be in this situation and yet, as terrified as I am, I can't bring my self to regret the decision. Because when life finally gives you something good you can't bring yourself to regret it. Even if it's in the form of a totally controlling know it all. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Chapter 1:The Pussy in my Bio Class I look around my empty room and with a sullen smile, this will be the last time I'm ever in this room. The thought brings mixed emotions; yeah I've always hated living in Compton but it is still my home, weather I like it or not. Plus I really miss my dad. We're really close, we write all the time and I use to stay with him every summer when I was little. Honestly I wanted to live in with him back then, as I really like safe little humdrum Forks, but I knew my mom needed me so I came back for her. I stopped going when I got my first boyfriend, he convinced me to get my tongue pierced and I knew dad would be pissed if he saw it. So I told him that I was taking classes over the summer, which I did out of guilt. But now I'm seventeen and mom is with Phil so I don't have to take care of her, he manages that just fine, and I don't have to hear Charlie yell at me as he's had time to get over my four body piercings. Looking at my clock I sigh, it's midnight. I need to hit the rod soon, the drive from here to Forks is eighteen-Hours and I don't want to be on the road to late. I pick up my last empty duffel bag the head down stairs and into the kitchen. I quickly load the bag up with my snack boxes and some bottled apple juice and a few subs Phil must have made for me last night. I feel kinda bad that I'm leaving while they're asleep but we've already said our good bys yesterday morning, when I was awake, so I know I shouldn't feel too bad. Slinging the bag over my shoulder I grab my keys off the hook and walk out the front door. After locking it I slip the keys in my right front pocket, right next to the pocketknife my dad got me when I turned thirteen. Heading to the garage I quickly walk over to my new dark cobalt 2003 Harley-Davidson XLH Sportster 883 then roll it into the bed of my black 2000 Nissan Frontier Crew Cab before pulling out my keys and unlocking the driver side door. As I sliding in I place the duffel bag in the passenger seat then buckle up and hit the garage clicker on my dash. While the doors open I start the car and turn on the on my radio. Usher's You Remind Me is playing on Jamin 94.5, good I need some up beat music to drive to. Smirking I turn up the volume then drive into the street and hit the clicker again, causing the garage door to close. Forks here I come. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx By the time I pull into Dad's driveway it's six fifty-nine and dark. I pull up next to his cruiser then honk twice, so he knows I'm here. Cutting off my engine I pull my keys out of the ignition then grab the duffle bag and exit my truck. As soon as I'm out of the vehicle I'm pulled into a tight embrace. The smell of old spice, beer, and gunpowder. "Hey Babydoll, how was the drive?" He asks as he pulls away from me. "Exhausting. Did you get a chance to set up my room?" I sent all my furniture here a few days ago. I never did ask if he got around to getting them in my room, since he's the chief of police he can be kinda busy. "Yup, but you have to put away your clothes. I also ordered your favorite pizza, barbeque chicken with bacon, it should be here soon." "Cool, let me just cover up my baby and we can head in, I know it rains a lot here. Actually I'm kinda shocked it hasn't rained recently." I comment as I pull my plastic cover out the back seat. He chuckles with a slight nod then looks at my Harley. "So that's the death trap Phil bought you huh?" My dad hates motorcycles. "Yeah but I've been riding for a while. One of mom's ex's got me a dirt bike when I was eight, he taught me how to use it to, I use to ride it back and forth to school all the time." He grunts as I throw the sheet over the bike. I tether I down quickly then look up at his disapproving face. "Don't worry dad. I'll only ride when it's nice out ok?" A smirks spreads across his face as he nods and gestures for me to follow him inside. The house is so warm and cozy; I absolutely love it in here. I quickly pull off my gray cardigan and hang it on a coat rack by the door. "You have a tattoos?" He asks in shock. I look at my bare right arm. There is a sexy yet malevolent black and white sugar skull with red lips and a welting red rose on my left bicep. Underneath it is a dainty silver chain wrapping around my forearm with a with gold ankh hanging from it, on the back of my hand. My entire right are is covered my a black and white tattoo of a pin up pirate genie holding two daggers with curved blades. Her smoke is wrapped around my arm and disappears in a black and gold vial, on the back of my hand, along with a treasure chest, gems, skulls, and other items that got caught up in her smoke. "Oh yeah a friend of mine did them for me." I admit as I look at his disapproving face. "I take it your mother knows about these?" "He did them at our house. He also gave her a tattoo." I respond. "At least they look nice." He sighs with a slight nod. I smile at him head up to my room, with him not far behind. The first thing I see is my bed, which is right between the door and the window, pushed against the wall to his room. On either side of the bed are small nightstands one with a black digital alarm clock the other with a neat stack of schoolbooks. To the right of the window is my oak work desk with a matching chair in front of it. Across from my desk are two oak dressers pushed close together. Each dresser has six drawers with gold handles stacked on top of each other. Between the two are six box marked cloths. "So you put everything else up?" I ask. "Yeah. Your mom called and told me where to put everything after I told you your stuff got here. We didn't want you doing to much work when you got here, I hope I did it all right." "You did great dad." I praise causing him to blush. "Well I'll let you get to it." He says before walking back down stairs. That's one thing I love about my dad he doesn't hover. Walking over to the boxes I pull my Swiss army knife out of my left pocket and use the blade to cut open one of the boxes. Putting up the clothes is a quick task since they're already folded up so I head back down stairs just as the bell rings. "I'll get it." Dad calls from the couch. With a shrug I walk past the door and into the kitchen so I can put away what's left of my road trip food and apple juice. "Dinner is served." Charlie announces as he sets two really large pizza boxes on the dinning table. I grab two plates out of the cabinets and set them down on either side of the table before quickly slipping my a apple juices in the….. "Dad why is your fridge empty?" The man blushes and swallows the food in his mouth. "Well….I don't cook much….so I don't really buy any for the house." I shake my head as I put away the drinks, leaving two out for us to drink with the pizza. "Well make a list of what you like to eat cause I'm going food shopping tomorrow." I order while pulling two big slices on my plate. He nods then continues to eat. Our dinner is silent, but not uncomfortably so. When we finish the first box is empty so he picks it up and starts to head out but then stops. "Are you done unpacking those boxes?" "Yeah." He nods then heads up the stairs while I gather the plates and wash them in the sink. When I finish I slide the second box into the fridge and throw away our empty bottles before finishing my prior task. "There are six sandwiches in the fridge, you can take some to work with you." I offer when his heavy footsteps stop thudding down the stairs. "Aright." He says before walking out the house. I head up stairs and quickly grab a towel from the lining closet before heading into the bathroom. Turning on both the hot and cold water I let it run while I brush my teeth. The sound of the front door opening reminds me that I should probably grab my PJ's before jumping in the shower so I go back to my room. I pull a black sports bra, matching boy shorts, and some gray sweat pants out of my drawer then head back into the small bathroom close the door, strip, and get under that warm spray of water. When my shower is over I dry off then get dressed before heading to my room. I quickly blow dry and wrap my hair before walking to my door and calling a soft, "Good night" to dad. I sit on my bed and set my alarm for five in the morning before crawling under my caramel covers and closing my eyes. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx When I wake up the first thing I do is head down to the kitchen and grab a pack of cherry flavored pop tarts. Since I can hear dad singing in the shower, I grab another packet and start the coffee maker. I toast the two pastries just as the water turns off and the tone ends. As soon as the coffee's made I pour it into a red and black thermos I found in one of the cabinets, from the looks of it' I'd say it's never been used. Setting the thermos on the table I grab a napkin and set my pop tarts on it then place it on the table. "Astrid what are you doing up so early?" Dad asks. "Making sure you eat. Here's a pop tart and some coffee. After I go to the store I'm gunna get you in the habit of eating before