p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;"For Lauren, the letter lifts a weight she didn't realize she carried with /It had been forming since her parent's death and seen a gradual accretion in the weeks after when on top of grief she found herself dealing with a transatlantic /Moving from sunny California to England's constant cool and rain had been enough of a cultural shock. Going from a relatively free-reigned household to living with their aunt Alice, who's idea of fun involved puzzles and knitting between chores and afternoon tea had been so jarring she had spent the first few days in a daze. She still wasn't sure she had /Not to mention the fact that everything was closed by 11 /The green ink on the paper (parchment? ) is such a contrast to the gray dreary monotone their lives had become Lauren can't help but look at it and blink a couple of times before what she's reading finally registers. She can't help but feel a surge of excitement. For all she knows it's just a fancy way to send her promotional mail but it's a break in routine. And the routine until now has been trying to swallow her /But instead it' an invitation, to yet another change in scenery. This one in a magic school. Lauren had never been to one. She and her brother Liam went to regular school and practiced magic at home. The idea of going to a boarding school before-well before-would have made her cringe (uniforms and rules and never leaving school? No thanks) but now..well, now things are different. Now she's different./p p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;"She half expects her aunt Alice to say they're not going. The flaky englishwoman seems quite comfortable staying shut in her house. Groceries are delivered every two weeks, and the home computer that both twins had been surprised to see, was used for both work and communication with the outside /Lauren thought that was probably the worst thing to get used to, aside from the fact that she'd never see her parents again and-oh god she couldn't think about that right /Taking a deep breath, the girl tapped her nails on the table she was sitting in front of. The sound helped to ground her and before her mind could spiral-again- and she ended up a crying mess-again- she thought about some of the good things that the house had to /The house itself was nice enough, and the countryside beautiful in its own /But to Lauren, who had grown up surrounded by people and a city that never slept, it all just felt.. /Lauren had thrived on people back home, but she wasn't home now. She was in a house so big, it threatened to swallow her, with an aunt who was always busy, or away, or just not there, a twin brother who was only a shadow of himself, and days that were just grayer and /Her aunt was here now, pacing around the kitchen and talking about books and brooms and a school she apparently knew everything /"And we must schedule a tour. I haven't been to the school in ages. I hear there's a new deputy now. I think Sage, your cousin on my side, may have had him for a teacher"br /Lauren can't be sure if it's the music that's turned on for once, or the glow of the kitchen light, or the fact that his aunt is actually talking to her but everything feels a bit /( even if the house still feels big)/p p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;"-br /Liam hadn't been that surprised to see the /He knows that he should be, he certainly never imagined that there was a boarding school for magic ( despite the fact that been a part of his life since memory served /But staring at the green lettering feels no different than being told by his parents that they knew he had snuck out to the skate part with his older brother. He knew it was coming, he just didn't know /And the oddest part was that he didn't know how he /He was sitting in bed, contemplating this, and trying to ignore the lump in his throat at the thought of his parents, when a knock at the door had him shoving the letter in his pocket and dragging a hand across his /If it's Lauren and she sees he's upset, it would just upset her and Liam would rather sit through that Titanic scene than see his sister cry,br /If it's aunt Alice and she sees he's upset, she'll try to confort him, probably say something along the lines of 'there there' and he certainly doesn't want /Despite how easily he seems to do it, biting his aunt's head off just doesn't seem like a good way to start the /He got up, and unlocked the latch that he still hadn't uninstalled, despite his aunt perpetually complaining about it and Liam perpetually leaving it locked anyways, only to see his twin sister standing /The same brown eyes Liam saw every day in the mirror were now staring back at him from his sister's face, filled with excitement and accompanied with a smile Liam had worried he'd never see /It's because of that smile more than anything that when Lauren asks "did you get one too?" that Liam procures the crumpled parchment from his /He doesn't want to go, he wants to stay in his room and glare at the window until his world makes sense /( 'moping' Lauren would say, 'depressed' Aunt Alice would murmur )br /But Lauren's happy, happier than he's seen her in a while, and to Liam that's one of the few things that still actually matter./p p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;"-/p p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;"Callum and Alvin are together when they get their /It wouldn't surprise anyone who actually knew them. The only heirs to the Fowley and Nott families respectively, both boys were the scarce remnants of the noble sacred 28, the noble families that made up the Pureblood society after the war, or as their parents would call it "all that unpleasantness"/p p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;"With the clans an ever looming threat, the purebloods that remained had banded together, trying to preserve their way of life as well as they could. Marriages and playdates were arranged only among those families of course, over tea. The alliances among the remaining eight-all that was left of the sacred twenty-eight- remained stronger than ever./p p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;"For the two eleven year old boys sitting on Alvin's bed, who were as aware of their world's political climate as a goldfish was of biology, this all simply meant that they had been friends since infancy and this suited them both just /Well at least Alvin was seating, Callum was jumping up and down as he re-read the letter for the umpteenth /He certainly makes this more fun than it ought to be, Alvin thought glancing up from his letter to stare at the sandy-haired boy in front of /"We get to pick a pet" he was saying between bounces, "I think I'll go for a frog or an owl or-Oh! I've always wanted a Pygmy Puff. The pink ones are adorable"/p p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;"As Callum's bouncing began to shake the bed, Alvin reached out and yanked on the boy's collar with eased practice. This resulted in his pureblood compatriot leaning against him, an arm around Callum's shoulder pinned him in place and ensured no more bouncing. It certainly helped that Callum was what their house elf liked to call 'a pipe cleaner with eyes'. Alvin on the other hand, despite being the same age took after his paternal grandfather and was already showing clear signs of broad shoulders and enough mass to keep his friend in /"As the person who will have to hide this pet," he said trying hard to play at being stern despite his smile "may I request something without a tank"br /Callum smiled cheekily in return./p p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;"The Fowley family oftwenty eight ( though both boys wondered why they were still called that when there were only eight of them now) were as pure-blooded as they could get without injecting cleaner fluid in their veins. Callum was expected to behave like a proper lord. And among the many things that Callum liked to do that proper lords did not do, owning a pet ( a slimy amphibian one at that) was pretty high on the /Alvin's own parents were far more relaxed about these things despite their pureblood status being more noted than most ( a Nott and a Greengrass, with distant relations to the most noble house of Black)br /This had resulted in Alvin becoming the one to cover for other pureblood children when they wanted to break their parents' /Mainly Callum' /"Didn't want a frog anyways" he mumbled shifting a bit so both boys were comfortable. "Jump too much"br /"Merlin knows you do enough of that yourself"br /Without warning, Callum shoved Alvin off the /Or tried to anyways, again he was a pipe cleaner with eyes, and again, Alvin was /The resulting scuffle had both boys on the floor until a pop made them both look up./p p style="font-family: 'Lucida Grande', 'Lucida Sans Unicode', 'GNU Unifont', Verdana, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 14px;""Little Master and his friend are to stop this racket this instant!" the house elf screeched hands on her hips "you will be waking the baby"br /"Sorry Brilly" Alvin muttered looking properly cowed. Callum unsuccessfully stifled a /Brilly had been in charge of Alvin since the boy was born and had been given authority over him by his parents for about that /The end result was of course, that Alvin was as afraid of Brilly as he was of his own /For the sake of his friend, Callum tried to look cowed as /Brilly' s expression softened seeing her charge's honest apology. Callum thought they might get away without a /"Little Master is getting not-so-little anymore," the house-elf said, killing Callum's secret hopes of not being lectured and signaling for Alvin to lean down so she could brush off and straighten his robes. "He is getting to an age where he is not to be horsing around like a centaur. He is to be a proper young lord-and proper is not to be rolling eyes at Brilly!"br /"Yes Brilly," Alvin said, though he was biting back a /The house elf seemed satisfied and turned to /"Little sir's father is wanting little sir to go home for dinner" she said and Alvin saw his friend visibly deflate "He is waiting for little sir in the parlor"br /Callum frowned at that, he had been hoping to sleep over at Alvin's. Alvin seemed to realize this and Callum found himself caught in a one-armed /"I'll see you at this month's covenant dinner" Alvin murmured and that gets a tentative smile out of Callum "and before that, for Diagon Alley"br /That perked him up, the covenant dinners were held among the remaining pureblood families, usually in one of their states. The adults took it as a time to strengthen alliances and strategize, to speak about contracts and most recently the dangers of The /For children like Callum it simply meant he and the boys and girls he had grown up with ( half of them cousins) would visit and after dutifully hiding their boredom at their parent's talks they would