This chapter is kind of serving as a pilot episode if you want to call it that. If you guys like it let me know in your review, I really don't like starting stories and finishing them that no one likes. So please give honest and critical feedback, What you think could be improved, what you think is Good just the way it is, Something you like or don't like. While yes generally I would love good reviews I understand that it's not always going to be like that. Not everyone likes everyone's writing. So I prefer honesty so that I know what kind of style I should use. Just a heads up, these are not my characters. Stephanie Meyers owns them, I'm just having fun with them. Chapter 1 Light giggles and raucous laughter surrounded the table. Abigail and Hope were huddled together, smiling widely and giggling randomly. I turned to my left slightly, and saw my pa and David engaged in a deep conversation. My ma tapped my shoulder lightly, and I turned to her with a barely concealed grimace. "Why don't you open the door, Neshaka?" She requested. I frowned. I didn't want to do the stupid 'thing opening the door and letting the spirit in the home' stuff. It was lame. She gave me a withering glare and I quickly plastered a smile on my face. "Sure mama, I'd love to." Slowly, I went and opened the door, effectively letting the spirit in. And the Nazis. I screamed in terror as they grabbed my arm forcefully and painfully, hearing my family crying out in fear and confusion. "We haven't done anything!" My father roared. A bang sounded and I screamed as my papa feel to the for, blood oozing around his head. My siblings were sobbing. "Daddy! Daddy wake up!" Abigail cried loudly. One of the Nazis gripping her shook her hard. "Shut up, you little fucker, " he growled. I looked into the eyes of my capture. "Jake?" I whispered. "How could you? We're supposed to be friends!" His cold eyes stared back at me. "Why would I be friends with a piece of trash Jew like you?" He answered. I choked on a sob as David tried hitting the man holding him. I scanned the room for my ma. I couldn't breathe as I saw two men holding her to the ground as another man was touching her in a way only my father should have been. "Mama" I choked. Her tear stained face turned to me. "Bella, " she said in a broken whisper before turning away. Jake dragged me out right as I saw a young man smacking Hope across the face. "Don't touch her, you monster!" I yelled angrily. He smirked cruelly at me before putting his gun to her sweet head. She looked at me fearfully and I gave her a watery smile. "Close your eyes baby girl. It will be okay, I promise, " I said, trying to be reassuring. She nodded, closing her eyes right as the shot rang out. My baby girl fell to the floor, looking as though she was just sleeping. My heart broke. David, Abigail and I were dragged out of the house and thrown into the back of a truck filled with other people. I recognized them as my friends and neighbors. I didn't know at the time, that that night, sitting in the back of a dirty truck smelling of urine and body odor, that it would be the last time I saw my little brother and sister. 2015-75 years later I sat in the rundown apartment reading another medical journal. After that night, I was changed into a monster while I was in the concentration camp. Once we arrived, I was separated from my siblings. They were too young to work, and I didn't find out until later that they were sent straight to the gas chamber. I cried for days when I found out. I watched as almost my entire family, my livelihood was destroyed. And I was too weak to stop it. Not anymore. For years now, I've been hunting former Nazis. They all went into hiding after the Americans set the Jews free. I've killed a total of three hundred and twenty two former Nazis. I never found the ones I searched for though. The ones who beat and murdered my family. Until now. I was sitting in this dirty apartment, waiting for my target to return across the street. He was old now. Very old. He could die any day and once I found him, I knew I would end him before old age did. He didn't deserve that luxury when he didn't give it to the people he tortured, raped, and murdered. My ears perked up as I heard him opening his door with his shaky hand attempting to put the key in. I was behind him in an instant. "Let me help you, sir, " I said softly. He swivels around, hand on his chest. "Oh! Sorry, didn't see you there, " he muttered, turning around. "Thank you." I turned the key in the lock, pushing open the door and helping him bring his groceries inside. Little did he know he wouldn't need them soon. I shut the door behind me with a click and he turned to face me with squinted eyes. "You can leave now young lady, " he said sternly. I smiled. "Do you remember me?" I asked quietly. He looked confused and slowly shook his head. "Well, I remember you. You raped my mother right in front of me. Then put a gun to her temple and shot her. I have been searching for you for years." His head was shaking no over and over again, eyes wide with terror. "You have me mistaken, " his voice trembled and I chucked. "I could never forget you, " I said lowly. I grabbed him by his old and wrinkled neck and slammed him lightly against the wall. He cried out in pain and I reveled in it. "Please! I don't know you! Let me go!" I glared at him. "Oh you know me. You've just forgotten with your old age. You don't deserve that. You don't deserve to forget when I never can. Right before you and your buddies shipped me and my baby brother and sister off to die, you murdered our mother, father, and other little sister right in front of us. You raped my mother. You destroyed me. You and your friends are the reason I'm like this. And you will pay. With your life." I nicked his throat with my nail, and he started choking on his blood as it spilled from his jugular. I twisted his arm until it popped out of place. He couldn't cry out in pain. But he sure could fucking talk. "I'm sorry, " he gargled. "Please, I'm sorry, I've made a better man of myself. I've worked hard to redeem myself! Please!" I gripped his neck tightly until he stopped talking. I squeezed tighter and tighter until it snapped. I let him drop to the floor, looking at his corpse with distaste. He died much too quick for my taste. I hadwanted him to suffer the way he made my mother did, but I was too impatient with this one. It was too close to my frozen heart. I walked out of the apartment after cleaning up the body and home to the point where you wouldn't even know what had happened here. I grabbed my few belongings before leaving quickly. Heading to Washington. Four days later I was settling into my new house of the next three years. I needed to take a break from my hunt. I was desiring interaction with people. I had decided to reside in Forks, Washington during this time. It was perfect, rainy, cloudy, and cold a majority of the year. I signed up for the local high school and bought some new furniture, such as a bed, couch, tv, and dressers. I also bought myself a phone and clothes. The next day at school, all I could hear was whispers. Whispers about how beautiful I am, how I must be a slut, how I look like a family named the Cullens. It never ended. I didn't speak to anyone unless they spoke to me. I must be a standoffish bitch. I finished my work before anyone else. I must be a super genius freak. Shut up humans. A sweet girl approached me. Angela she said her name was. I gave a soft smile at her. "You must be Isabella. Welcome to Forks, " she said smiling shyly. "Thank you, " I said quietly, secretly jumping for joy at the fact that this first nice girl is talking to me. She invited me to sit with her group at lunch, and I accepted. At lunch, I was astounded to see who her friends were because they were the complete opposite of her. Where she was kind and gentle, they were crude and intrusive. "So," Jessica snapped her gum. "Like, where'd you come from?" I looked at her annoyed. "Arizona," I replied shortly. She frowned at my tone. "You're so pale, aren't people from Arizona supposed to be, like, really tan?" I shrugged. "I guess not." The door opened, and the scent of vampires hit me in the face. I turned quickly to see five of them enter the cafeteria. They walked, no, glided towards a table towards the back, away from the humans. One of them started at me and turned to the rest. Before I knew it, they were all looking at me. "Why are the Cullens looking at you ?" Jessica asked disdainfully. I shrugged, not tearing my eyes from the group of vampires. One of them spoke to me. "Why are you here?" it was the blonde male. "Starting over, " I said in only a tone they could hear. The blonde waved me over and I excused myself. I slowly walked over to their table and sat when the pixie like one told me to. "I'm Alice, this is my husband, Jasper, my sister Rosalie, and my brothers Edward and Emmett. You are Isabella?" she asked. I nodded. "Call me Bella. Pleasure." She smiled at me. "Okay, Bella! Are you here to kill anyone?" She asked bluntly. I shook my head quickly. "I don't feed off of humans. I drink from animals," I said quietly. She nodded. "I couldn't tell because of your contacts. Why don't you come over to our place after school? We can talk more privately that way." I thought for a moment before nodding slowly. She gave me a brilliant grin before grasping my hand tightly. "We're going to be best friends, I can just tell, " she said excitedly. I gave a small smile as a response. The bell rang and she looked at Edward. "Edward will walk you to biology, he has that class with you." I shrugged. I didn't need a babysitter. Edward held out his hand and we walked silently to class. Once we sat down he turned slightly towards me. "So, Arizona, huh" he smirked. I giggled a little. "But of course, less suspicious that way," I explained. He smiled and nodded, effectively agreeing with me. The teacher, Mr. Banner called class to order and we turned towards the front. Class went on uneventful, and Edward walked me to gym. "I don't need a babysitter, you know," I smirked. "I've been doing this quite a while now." "I'm just a friend walking a friend to class," he smiled a crooked grin at me. It did something to me, but I'm not exactly sure what. I couldn't help the small smile that graced my lips. His eyes twinkle somehow that causes my dead heart to feel… lighter somehow. Almost… happy? I hadn't realized in my deep thoughts that we had drifted closer. I took