Here's my latest migraine driven fanfic. I know that seems strange, but this story came to me entirely during the months of my latest bad migraine barrage when I should have been writing Harmony Bound. I did get the next chapter of that posted before I posted the first of this. I hope you all enjoy. o-o-o-o Chapter 1 -Revelations Hermione paced a distraught path in front of the tall bleachers that had been built on the side of the maze for spectators to watch the final challenge of the Tri-Wizard tournament. Some twenty minutes before, the crowd was cheering as the two Hogwarts champions made a dash for the Tri-Wizard cup to complete the challenge. Then both Cedric and Harry were gone. Only the center of the maze was visible via a special projection in the air, but even before the two champions disappeared, there were signs that this final event wasn't going well. Fleur had to be rescued first and then Viktor was removed while bound, and his disqualification was announced soon after. The cup was supposed to have transported the winner back to the platform at the entrance to receive the prize. No one knew where it had actually taken the two champions. The entire competition had been mad. From the beginning with Harry's falsified entry to the goblet and on through each task. The entire spectacle was horrid and Hermione wished she could have found a way out of the damn magical contract for her best friend. Now this latest development. She knew the mortality rates on the tournament and now feared the worse. Standing not far away from her were several groups of friends. Ginny and her friend Luna were the closest, standing just to the side on the mid-point of her path. They were holding each other and Ginny had reached for Hermione a couple of times, but she couldn't stand to be still. A short ways the other direction stood Ron, Neville and several other guys. A group of the rest of the Gryffindors from their year were waiting in the first row of the bleachers. A surprisingly mixed group stood to the end of her path, not far from where the judges were in heated discussion with a group of recently arrived Aurors. That group included members from other houses who were acquaintances of Harry and his friends. From this last group, a lone Slytherin finally made a determined move toward Hermione. Daphne Greengrass matched Hermione's stride as she took hold of her friend's arm. They had met in Runes class the year before and formed an unlikely friendship that they tried to not broadcast for fear of reprisals. Daphne's hand on Hermione's arm made her pause her pacing for a moment as she looked into the stormy grey eyes of the beautiful blonde who had become more of a friend than anyone could guess. "Hermione, I was listening to the Aurors. They're trying a new charm the Unspeakables have been working on that may let them track the portkey. It works off the runestones that are buried around the country that allow the Ministry to track magic. It should get them within a certain radius." "But how long? By now they could have been sent somewhere else!" Daphne sighed. She understood her friend's frustration. Truthfully she didn't hold out much hope on an untested charm that relied on runestones buried in 10 kilometer intervals, but she was trying to give some hope. She was about to respond when a crack sounded from nearby and everyone turned to the judge's platform. Laying there were Harry and Cedric. Harry was clutching the Tri-Wizard cup and sat up briefly. He barely croaked out a call for help as tears ran down his face. Hermione screamed briefly and ran for her best friend, pushing two Aurors and Minister Fudge aside as she did. Daphne and several others followed behind her as Hermione's anguished cry rang across the field. "Harry! What…?" Hermione dropped to her knees in front of Harry and took him in her arms. Harry was shaking from shock and the after effects of the cruciatus, but his tears ceased as he laid eyes on the one person he needed the most. "M...Mione…sorry…broke that promise…got hurt again…and Cedric…oh gods...I couldn't save him." "What happened Harry?" "Voldemort. He's back. Got a new body. Ugly as hell. You're beautiful though. I should have told you that a long time ago." "Really Harry! Now is not the time and anyway, my hair is a fright in the wind." Harry's hand went to smooth down her unruly curls as he managed a brief twitch of his mouth as he tried to smile at her. For a crazy few moments, even their dead friend nearby disappeared and the universe consisted only of them. They both leaned closer and their lips brushed in the barest of kisses. The fleeting moment was broken when their DADA professor, the apparent Mad-Eye Moody, stomped over to them. At the same time, the Aurors and Amos Diggory converged on Cedric's lifeless form. Hermione was pushed away from Harry as he was questioned briefly. Then Mad-Eye pulled Harry up by an arm and moved him back towards the castle. "C'mon lad, best get you out of the wind and back to the castle to get checked out. You all can talk to him at the castle after you look after the other." Harry wanted to protest, but Moody's grip was firm as he was pushed forward. Hermione was pulled away as an Auror tried to ask her if Harry had given her any additional details. By the time she answered him, it was too late to follow after Harry. The next hour was madness that wouldn't become clear until sometime later. Dumbledore became suspicious of the way Moody acted with Harry and not long after, he confronted the false professor. Once the Polyjuice wore off, Barty Crouch Junior was found out, the real Moody was discovered, and a few answers were found. It was all too late for Cedric though. Harry meanwhile was questioned and gave his full story in the presence of Dumbledore, McGonagall, Madam Maxine, Hermione, Minister Fudge, Madam Bones, and several senior Aurors. Once innumerable questions were asked, he was sent to his reserved bed in the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey treated him for a sprained ankle, cuts, bruises, and cruciatus exposure. Although he didn't want to, he was forced to stay overnight. Hermione belligerently stayed by his bedside, wand in hand, threatening to hex anyone who tried to remove her. Hermione slouched in her chair by Harry's bed and managed some sleep in small increments. Eventually the early morning sun broke through the windows and Harry gradually woke. His shakes were gone and he appeared to be on the mend. Hermione handed him his glasses and he smiled as her sleep rumpled hair came into focus. He reached for her hand and they traded a surprisingly shy smile. "Mornin'" "Oh Harry, I'm glad you're awake! How do you feel?" "A bit stiff. Not too bad." "I suppose you want to know what's been happening?" "Actually, first, um…well, I need to talk to you. You see…damn why is this so hard?" "You know you can talk to me about anything Harry." "I know, which makes this even more stupid for me to be tongue tied. Look Hermione, I need to tell you the full story about what happened, but first I need to tell you that through everything I had one constant thought…" Hermione waited as Harry paused and stared at her. She knew he would tell her when he was ready. After about a half minute, he continued. "My thought was that I needed to get myself out of there and get back to you because I knew you would be so worried. Not Ron, or Dumbledore, but you. Hermione, you're my best friend. I don't tell you enough how much I appreciate you. Without your research and helping me practice, I never would have made it through the tournament…so, um thank you…but, there's something else…" "…this is probably really selfish right now, but I have to tell you. After what happened, well I realize we never know what's next. I mean I'm sure Cedric planned on seeing his parents and Cho at the end. Anyway, what I'm trying to say is that I've been having these feelings about you. I can't say I fully understand, but I think I see you as more than a friend. I know it's too dangerous…" As Harry began to stumble through his words again, a finger on his lips quieted him as Hermione leaned over and smiled at him. Then her finger was removed as she leaned in further and their lips met. This time it was more than a brush, as each responded and pressed in further. His position in the bed made it a bit awkward, but neither cared as each grew flush. When they pulled back, both were grinning. "Wow. Just, whoa. Um, so...do you…um…damn Potter get it together! Doyouwanttobemygirlfriend?" Hermione laughed lightly and shook her head. "Yes Harry, very much so. When you disappeared, I…I just can't tell you how empty I felt." Harry grinned and reached for her hand. As their fingers intertwined, she leaned in again and they began a kiss that would have gone deeper until Madam Pomfrey's voice interrupted them. "Ah well Mr. Potter, obviously you are awake and feeling better. Enough of that now, I don't need your blood pressure spiking! Let's get you checked over." Hermione pulled back, but didn't let go of Harry's hand as their eyes stayed locked. The school healer ran a few diagnostic charms and made a couple of notes before stepping away briefly and returning with a single potion phial. "Well, you're doing much better. One more potion for the cruciatus exposure and I'll send you on with some bruise paste to apply over the next couple of days. Get your rest and you'll be fine." Harry nodded and took the last potion, swallowing it quickly so that he could expedite his departure from the hospital wing. After that was done, Hermione stepped aside so that he could dress. Five minutes later, he was discharged and left the hospital wing hand in hand with his new girlfriend. The morning was still early, so they decided to head down to the Great Hall for breakfast. "I know we need to talk about everything that happened Hermione, but first, what about us? Do you want people to know? Ron won't be happy." "Honestly Harry, I don't care who knows. I know you worry that I'll be a target, but I have been linked to you for years now anyway. Your fan girls won't be happy, but I can handle them. Why should Ron care anyway?" "Well, he likes you. Didn't you know? I think he's been trying to figure out a way to ask you out." "What? Well he has some strange ways to show it. Look Harry, Ron is a friend, but that's it. Honestly, how could anyone think the two of us would work? We fight enough as it is now. Anyway, Voldemort is back, that should be everyone's main worry." "I know, but he was my first friend. He made things difficult with his jealousy early in the tournament, but he came around eventually. I'll talk to him. He needs to grow up and be a real friend. I've got a lot bigger worries now." Hermione squeezed his hand in agreement as they approached the Great Hall. They glanced at each other just before entering and then strode in confidently together. All heads turned to see Harry's return and then his grasp of Hermione was noticed as the whispers started. They ignored it all as they headed for the Gryffindor table, where a space was open across from Ron. Their friend was beet red and grimaced as they