Hello everyone ! I am here with a new story, it's all human. It's Jella's story. I am looking for a Beta who would be willing to put up with my spelling, grammar and syntaxes mistakes as I am not English. The only reason I am writing in English is that I need to improve my English and I think writing in English will help me. I might do a French version if I have time. Tell me what you think about it ! Do you like it ? LOOKING FOR A BETA URGENTLY FIX ME Chapter 1: Bella was walking across Seattle alone at night. She didn't mind, she always liked Seattle, and now she needed to be alone in peace. She had, once more, argued with Edward, her fiancé. She loved him a lot, they had known each other their entire life. They started by being friends, best friends, lovers, then high school sweethearts and finally engaged. Bella loved him to death and she knew that without him; she wouldn't be whole. She can't have imagined her life without him in it. But, lastly, Bella started to wonder if they are really meant to each other, of course they love each other and she knew it. But Bella doesn't know any more if she is in love with him or if she just loves him as a friend. Of course, during the seven years they have been together she had been in love with him crazily. Since Bella dropped out of college, they argued a lot more than before and Edward always complained about something. Bella just needed a year to think about herself and what she wants to do and her parents and Edward's parents understood her. But Edward didn't. He always knew he wanted to be a surgeon and the truth is Bella followed him in that direction because she loved him. She liked helping people and she was a good intern, she dropped out of college two months ago during her fourth year of internship. One more year and she would have been graduated and a real doctor. However, Bella asked the chief of residency a year, to think if she really wants to be a doctor. The chief of residency being Carlisle, the father of Edward helped a lot and he gave her a year. And now it has been two months that she left the hospital and two months that Edward and Bella argued daily. It's always small things that escalate into big things. The result is always the same, Bella leaving their apartment to calm herself and Edward always came to apologize. And this night it was exactly the same, Bella left the apartment mad and she knew she needed to have some air and have some time to think about their relationship. She was going across some big streets when she heard a noise, it was coming from a back alley, she immediately stopped. She was going to start walking again when she heard it once more and this time she recognized the noise immediately. It was a breathing, someone was there and in a bad shape. Bella went immediately in this alley and behind a dumpster she found a man, bleeding barely alive. She kneeled in front of him, she first called 911 explaining the wounds of the guy in front of her. When she hangs up, she noticed he had his eyes opened and he looked at her. She tried to get him to tell him his name but he just stared at her. Bella's hands worked without thinking she had a medical formation and she knew what to do and she did it without even thinking about it. The gash above his left eyebrows was worrying and it was bleeding heavily, Bella put pressure on it with her scarf. While she puts pressure on it she examined the body of the man, he had cuts almost everywhere on its body and he was losing a lot of blood. The man was scared and every movements Bella made, make him jump. When the ambulance men arrived, Bella made a rapport of his wound explaining she works at the hospital. But the man was scared of the ambulance men and he wouldn't let them touch him, finally Bella came with him in the ambulance, she was still putting pressure on his head wound but this time with gaze. But his vitals started to drop and she didn't know why, just that he was losing a lot of blood. When the ambulance men opened his shirt they discovered a lot of scars recent or not. But what they find is a long gash across his abdomen and the blood was coming from there. The ambulance men tried to do something but the man became hysterical refusing anyone to touch him. And the ambulance men that seemed to be newbies looked at her hopeful. Bella sighed exacerbated but finally put gloves and took the gaze from their hands before trying to stopped the bleeding shouting orders that the ambulance men executed. Finally arrived at the hospital, when the medics opened the door of the ambulance, Bella was astride over the man body trying to stop the bleeding and some of her former fellow colleagues recognized her immediately and shouted her name. Carlisle was here watching at her with pride. When they enter the hospital, she was still astride the man trying to save this man's life and the ambulance men explained the situation. "When someone other than the girl tries to touch him, he becomes hysterical and jerk from our touch, so we had to let her do. And she seemed to know what to do." Said one of the ambulance man. "Carlisle" called Bella. "A little help over here." Carlisle acted very quickly giving a syringe of sedative to Bella who stick the syringe in the vein of the man. When he became unconscious the medics could finally work on him and Edward that was starting his shift arrived running. When he saw Bella, he runs to her, helping her get off the man. He put his hands on her hips and lift her up so that she could get off from the man without the problem. When she was finally on his legs, Edward tried to examined her but she jerks off his touch. "It's not my blood, it's his. I am fine" said Bella. Finally, Carlisle, Edward and some others medics took the man into surgery while Bella waited in the waiting room. Her hands, face and clothes were stained with this man's blood. She doesn't even know his name but she wants to stay to be sure he is ok. He seemed so scared that Bella couldn't leave him. Her best friend other than Edward came to her, he was also a surgeon in this hospital, they had met 4 years ago and they had become best friend instantly. "Bella" he whispered putting his hand on her shoulder. The girl stared at her best friend, she knew he was usually not working today, she might have quit the hospital two months ago but she knew that Daniel is not usually working on the Tuesday nights. And he wasn't wearing his gown, he was in sweater and jeans and apparently he had just woken up which is normal since it's 5am. "What are you doing here?" asked Bella her voice hoarse, she was tired and scared for this man's life, what if he doesn't wake up, what if it's her fault again. "Jess called me, telling me that you came into an ambulance with a man, and that you refuse to leave the waiting room." Daniel answered. "I had to come!" Of course she should have known that someone was going to call Daniel, they all know how Bella is important to Daniel and Edward and the other way around. Daniel sat next to her best friend and she just lean her head on Daniel's shoulder. "I went to your apartment" Daniel said putting an arm around Bella waist. "I brought you some clothes, Jess told me you were covered in blood. You need to take a shower; you even have blood in your hairs." "There was so much blood" Bella said for the first time. "And he wouldn't let anyone touch him except for me. He was so scared." "Did you know him?" Daniel asked precautious. "No, it was the first time I have seen him, but I just can't leave, he was so scared, just like Leah." Daniel tighten his grip around Bella's waist, everyone knew that one of the reason of Bella demission was the death of Leah. Leah was a kid, she just had 4 years old when she died three months ago. Bella's first patient four years ago was Leah's mom and Bella and Leah's mom were stuck in the elevator when Leah "decided" it was time for her to come out. Bella delivered and since that she loved the little girl. Leah's name was Leah Bella Clearwater and Bella became the godmother of the little girl, her first patient. Everyone knew how much Bella loved Leah, and the little girl loved her as much. So, one night when Leah and her baby-sitter came rushing in the ER, Bella was pushed out her case immediately, but Bella couldn't stop watching, her goddaughter was bleeding out in front of her, she was dying in front of her eyes. The doctors that took care of Leah were of course over qualified but nobody was able to save the little girl and after the death of Leah, Bella just broke down. Since then, every patient that were bleeding too much reminded her of Leah, the baby girl she loved so much. And becoming a doctor was not a certainty anymore. Daniel felt the sob shake Bella's body in his arms. He passed one arm under legs and lift the girl to take her elsewhere, in the intern's room, where she could take a shower and change herself. They passed in front of Jess the nurse that called Daniel. Daniel thank her by a nod and Jess just smiled sadly. Bella and Jess never liked each other but when Bella broke down at the death of Leah, Jess was there for her and they became friends. Daniel put Bella on the bench, in the locker room, she stopped crying but she was unresponsive. "I need to be there for him. I need to know he's okay. I need it" said Bella. "Okay Sweetie, anything. But first you need to shower and change clothes." Said Daniel. "The faster you shower, the faster you can get back waiting for him to come out." Bella nod and took the towel and clothes Daniel brought her. She went to shower and Daniel just sat on the bench, his head in his hands. He hated to see Bella so broken, she just broke down when Leah died and he just hope that this guy would survived. Daniel went to the coffee machine, he and Bella would need coffee because he knew that Bella was up all night and that she will want to watch the guy and him because his shift starts in three hours and that there is no way that he will be able to sleep knowing that his best friend is freaking out by herself. When he came back in the intern's room, Daniel smiled, Bella looks more lively. She tied her wet hairs in a bun and she had put the clothes Daniel chose. He specifically chose this tee-shirt because she wears it almost all the time, it was Daniel tee-shirt one day but after an accident of coffee, Daniel lend her, his tee-shirt and she never gave it back. It was a simple white tee-shirt in a V-neck and way too big for her but she loved it. And with that she just put a black skinny jean.