You had just arrived at Hogwarts for your sixth year when Filch comes over and tells you that Professor McGonagall wanted to see you in her office. You glance back at your best friends, Harry, Hermione, and Ron, apologetically, then headed to the headmistress' office. Someone else seemed to already be meeting with her because the stairs behind the gargoyle were already there. Wondering why on earth Professor McGonagall would be needing you this early in the year, you slowly climb up the staircase only to find that your meeting with the Headmistress is accompanied by someone else. "Malfoy... " You hiss through your teeth. The blonde shot you a look of loathing but then turns back to Minerva. You brush your emotions aside and turn your attention to the headmistress. "You may be wondering why I called you in, Mister Malfoy and Miss (Y/N)." You nod. "Well, I feel that you two have earned your position as Head boy and Head girl." Shock runs through you. What?! Head girl? This was too good to be true. Professor McGonagall must have noticed your expression because she said, "Yes, Head boy and girl. You two will be sharing living space. It is on the fourth floor, behind the portrait of Salazar Slytherin. The password is 'Felix Felicis'." You stand there gaping at Minerva. You are overwhelmed at the thought of being Head Girl, but at the same time, bitter for having to be with Draco. He had tormented your friend in you years at Hogwarts and you just couldn't bring yourself to forgive him. The Headmistress dismisses you and Draco. Standing there feeling awkward, you decide to leave the office to check out your dorm. There is a homely living room with two cush chairs, a small coffee table, a lit fireplace, and two rooms(plus a bathroom). The flames softly dance on the wall, casting shadows into the corners of the room. "I'd assume that you would prefer the Gryffindor decorated room," you hear someone sneer. Turning around, you see Malfoy, who had just climbed through the portrait. Anger bubbles in you as Malfoy strolls into the Slytherin decorated room and slams the door. He is definitely pissed at the situation. Feeling livid, you walk over to his closed door and shout, "I actually like the green more than red, Malfoy, thanks for being so considerate and asking for my opinion!" Malfoy is such a jerk. You think, while entering your room. You sigh. Everything was covered in shades of red. You loved Gryffindor, but green was your favorite color-it's just much more relaxing compared to the [eye-scorching] color that filled your room. Taking a quick scan around, you see that your belongings were already there, including your snowy owl, Snowflake. The four poster bed was neatly made and inviting. Fatigue suddenly fills you so you fall onto the soft bed, then drift off the sleep. You wake up the next morning, change into your robes, and curl up on the couch with Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. The fire had died out, you observe, and Malfoy is not up yet. Happy for the moment of peace, you start reading. A while later, you hear the door of Draco's room creak open. Hastily grabbing all your things, you dash out to the Great Hall. As soon as your friends see you, they beckon for you to join. "(Y/N)!" You slide into the seat and tell them about your situation. They sympathise with you and Harry even offered to punch Malfoy in the face if he ever does anything to you. Feeling much better, you decide to head to your next class. But on your way there, Flint comes up to you. He blocks your way. You try to struggle, but he slams you into the wall. "You are one pretty girl, (Y/N)," He says with a sly smile, revealing his yellow teeth. "Your clothes are pretty, but it would be better if it was on the floor..." Feeling disgusted, you squirm to get out of his grasp. He leaned in, his putrid breath choking you, and was about to force a kiss. He suddenly jerk backwards and was flung to the ground. Flint's eyes are filled with confusion and fear, then he ran off. Gasping for air, you look up and search for your savior, but the hallway was empty. You linger a bit, hoping to find out who it was, but then dash into the classroom-you were nearly late. Slughorn is at the front and tells the class to turn to page 187 for Draught of Peace. Memories of Snape and the Half-Blood Prince came rushing back as you look for a place to sit. The only available seat is next to Malfoy. How great. You sight but slide into the seat. Potions is your favorite class and Malfoy is not going to ruin it for you. Slughorn tells you that you'd be brewing the potion with the person next to you and the pair with the best results would get a invitation to his Slug Parties. You feel determined to do the best not because of the party(you really don't care for it) but because you wanted to be an Auror, and made it a point that you want to be the best out of the class. You scan the ingredient list then go to the front of the classroom to get the ones you know you don't have. There was already a small line there, and someone was angrily rummaging the cupboard. Not wanting to wait, you head back, only to see the exact ingredients sitting on your desk. You look around confused. Who gave those to you? And how do they know what you needed? When no one pops up to claim your thanks, you resume in the potion-making. Halfway through, you realize that Malfoy hasn't done anything to you yet. That makes you feel bothered and worried, but you continue. The potion was nearly done, and so far, you received all the results you expected. Malfoy had remained silent throughout. Feeling awkward, you continue stirring. Suddenly, Flint comes out of [literally] nowhere. "Can I slytherin your bed tonight?" Feeling irritated, you ignore him. "Hey babe, can my basilisk enter your chamber of secrets?" This time, he seizes your waist and pull you close. You squirm, but he pins your arms. You hear the sound of a chair scraping the floor, then Malfoy came into view. "Stop harassing (Y/N). She's with me." You freeze with shock. WHAT?! Flint looks equally surprised. Malfoy pulls you toward him and flares at Flint. Marcus gives a look at pure hatred the left. As soon as Flint is out of sight, Malfoy pushes you away and mutters, "You're welcome." Still shocked at what Malfoy did, you numbly stir the bubbling liquid in the cauldron. Slughorn looks at your potion approvingly, gives you an envelope for the Slug Party, then you collect your belongings and dash off to the library. You had finished all your homework, yet you still wanted something to do. Perhaps it is because you certainly don't want to face Draco, or maybe because you just plainly love the library. It is probably the former. But nonetheless,you believe that it is time to go back to your dorm to read Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. You left the book on the couch in the morning when rushing out. The book is full of interesting facts about mythical beasts. And you must admit, you'd love to meet some of the creatures. You gather your homework and assignments, shoved it into your school bag, then head for the fourth floor. Upon approaching Professor Snape, you said the password. He glared at you like how the real Severus would, which made you crack a grin. "What are you smiling at, (Y/L/N)?" "I'm just glad that you're back, sir," you say truthfully. A faint smile plays on his lips as he swing open. You are still thinking about the former Potions Master (you believe that he is a much better teacher than Slughorn. Not only a strict professor, but also you simply feel that you learned far more from Severus than Slughorn.) when you entered. You subconsciously walk to the couches, and was just about to sit down when you realize that someone was already in the seat. Draco Malfoy. And he is reading your book. "Malfoy?!" You squeak, surprised. You felt your cheeks turn red and your (E/C) eyes meet his grey ones. For a second, you feel lost in those grey orbs. The usual cold, piercing eyes of his is warm, full of a feeling that you can't capture in words. The connection broke. Feeling dazed, you drop Draco's gaze and divert you attention to your book. "You left this here when you rushed out in the morning, (Y/N)," he closes the book and hands it to you. You take the book, still avoiding eye contact. "Thank you for saving me from Flint today… Draco…" You mutter. "You're welcome," he says while standing up. "I'm going to bed. Good night, (Y/N)." You could have sworn that Draco's cheeks were a bit pink. Maybe it was just a trick of the firelight… The next morning, after you changed into your school robes, you grabbed your school bag, and exited your room. Surprisingly, Draco, was already up. He was sitting on the couch, reading Hogwarts: A History. "Morning, (Y/N)," he said without looking up. "Never knew you'd ever bother to read that book," you smiled. "What section are you on?" He smirked and replied, "The Slytherin section" "Of course." You settled in the other chair and started reading Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find them. "I really wish I could see a Thunderbird." You jumped, startled by the voice. Draco was now leaning on the back of your couch-he had been reading over your shoulders. "You scared me!" You complained, swatting at him. He ducked but you manage to land a not-so-hard-blow on his arm. "You slapped me!" He whined, imitating you, pretending to be hurt. You stuck your tongue out at him, earning a sarcastic 'that's mature' look from the blonde. Gathering your belongings, you grab Draco's arm and drag him to breakfast. He purposely dug his heels into the ground to slow you down. You two played a game of tug-a-war, where you tugged Draco one way, and he pulled in the other. You faltered when you caught eyes with the blonde, causing both to lose balance and making you land on top of him. Your cheeks burned and you quickly got up. "Are you alright, (Y/N)?" Draco said, "I'm sorry, that wasn't really Malfoy-like of me to do that." You laughed at what he said. "I'm fine, Draco." He eyed you as if not believing. "Really, I'm fine." Out of the corner of your eye, you spotted Flint. Draco must've noticed you stiffen because he suddenly wrapped his arm around you and marched you to the Great Hall. Marcus glared at you two, but didn't dare to lift a finger. Sighing in relief, you allowed yourself to be gilded by the blonde. But as soon as you reached the Great Hall and your friends spotted you, they came over and eyed you with concern. "What did you do to (Y/N), Malfoy?" Harry demanded. "(Y/N)," Hermione said, "do you feel alright?" "Guys, I'm fine, he didn't do anything to me," You said, defending Draco. "He saved me from a bloke who was trying to harass me, twice!" Ron eyed him warily, "Are you sure? Did he spike your pumpkin juice with love potion?" The blonde's hand tightened around my waist at what Ron said. "What? No, Ronald," I huffed. "Why would he do that?" Draco cleared his throat as if to show that he was still here. You muttered a thanks to him, briefly hugged him, then left for the Gryffindor table, ignoring your friends gaping mouths