For the sake of this fic, Harry and Ginny got together at the start of Harry's sixth year, and Ron and Hermione a few weeks after that. Dumbledore and Harry only started working on the horcruxes in the term after Christmas holidays. Ginny's POV. I knock gently on Hermione's dorm door. I know for a fact that her roommates are away with their parents and Hermione is the only one I can think of who can help me… "Hermione, are you there?" I whisper. She yawns. "Yeah. What's wrong, Gin?" Hermione answers, sounding concerned. I love her right now, for the kindness she's showing me even when I just interrupted her sleep at two o'clock in the morning. My head aches, my stomach still feels terrible from when I vomited in the carriage earlier, and my heart is broken. I think a better question would be 'What's not wrong, Gin?' "Can I come in?" I ask, fighting not to break down in tears. Hermione notices l'm about to cry. "Of course you can, come on in." She says. I slowly open her door and sit on the desk opposite her bed. "Spill." She says, causing me to collapse on her bed, sobbing. She comes over and rubs my back, soothing me. I slowly calm down but then my stomach heaves and I burst into tears again. Hermione talks to me, asks if I'm okay. I'd tell her, but I fear that if I open my mouth I'm going to chuck my guts up all over her doona. But the feeling passes. I turn to Hermione and tell her what happened. "So, you know how Harry and I went out to The Three Broomsticks," I start. "Yeah…" She says. "Well… It didn't really go to plan," I fight to keep in the tears that are stinging at my eyes, "There was this 'all you can eat' thingy on. Harry thought it looked nice and we decided to have that for dinner. But somehow I ate something bad, or had too much food…" My stomach lurches again and I stop for fear of being sick. I cover my mouth and try to stay as still as possible. I wait for the feeling to pass, but Hermione's looking at me weirdly and my mouth waters. I jump up and aim for the bathroom, but I doubt I'll make it that far. My head's aching and my stomach hurts so bad. My knees buckle and I fall to the ground. I vaguely hear Hermione call out to me but I just concentrate on not vomiting my whole dinner up onto her carpet. I use all my willpower to keep my dinner down, but obviously it's not enough. I heave, and as my dinner pours out onto poor Hermione's floor, I realise I can't stop now. I puke, and puke, and puke. When I finally have a stop, I break down into tears. "Sorry, sorry, sorry,sorry!" I sob, but Hermione's not hearing any of it. She whips out her wand ' scourgify! ' then she summons her bin to just under my nose ' accio! ' Just in time 'cause I vomit again. I chuck up until there is nothing left in my stomach, and then I'm so physically exhausted that Hermione says I can tell her the rest of the story tomorrow. I'm just about to unlock the door when she says, "Gin, what are you doing? You're sleeping here tonight." I go and give her a hug. I hop into bed, and as she moves the bin to my bedside. I think about how lucky I am that Hermione is such a great, tough friend. If I had've gone and barfed in Parvarti's face then she would've screamed and pretty much killed me. But Hermione... She sits next me and sighs. "Gin, you're gonna be alright. Okay?" She leans over and kisses my cheek. Even though I'm only a year younger than her, sometimes it feels like she's my second mum. "I love you, Mione." I whisper. . "I love you too, Gin." She gives me a sad smile. "You're gonna be okay, alright? Believe me, Gin. It's okay." Harry's POV. As I run upstairs to the common room it occurs to me that I stink of puke and oysters. When I get up there I jump into the shower and wash all the vomit off me. Poor Ginny. I hope she's okay. I didn't even get to see if she was okay before she ran off to the common room. I don't even know if she loves me anymore… Should I go see if she's okay? Suddenly my galleon from the DA flashes. A message from Hermione. She's ok, just vomited about 20 times, and thinks you don't love her?! What the heck? She thinks I don't love her? Tap tap tap . Hedwig? It's almost 2 am! Who's sending me a letter at 2 o'clock in the morning?! The answer comes as soon as I see the sloped 'Harry' on the front of the envelope – DUMBLEDORE. Harry, Madam Rosmerta told me what happened at the pub. She thinks you need someone to talk to, someone a bit older and wiser. And I needed to talk to you anyway. Please come down to my office now. Professor Dumbledore P.S. I love fizzing whizbees On a normal day I would have been really annoyed with Madam Rosmerta for poking her nose into our business. But today I'm so confused that I actually need to talk to someone. I head down to Dumbledore's office. The gargoyle stares at me. "What do you want?" "To see Professor Dumbledore. Fizzing whizbees." The doors swing open and I climb up to meet Dumbledore. "Harry, my dear boy. Are you okay?" His piercing but kind eyes survey me. I am surprised to find that I'm trying really hard not to cry. Dumbledore is the only person I have left in my life even close to family. With Sirius gone as well I've been a lot more fragile and angry this year. I am snapped out of my trance by a hand on my shoulder. Dumbledore's. I can't take it anymore. Tears spill down my face, and I quickly try to brush them away, embarrassed. "No, no, no, my boy." This just makes me cry harder. "Tears are one of life's most fabulous things. We must cry and talk to each other so we can vent our sadness or frustration. Don't stop crying. It helps. Believe me, I've done my fair share of it." Dumbledore smiles sadly. I force myself to stop and explain to Dumbledore – what happened at the pub, on the way back in the carriage… "She went really pale and clammy. She wasn't listening to me when I talked to her." It's really embarrassing to admit the next part. "We… We… We were kissing. Then all of the sudden she pulled away and vomited almost all our dinner up into our laps. When we got back she disappeared away, she didn't even let me give her a goodnight kiss. When I went up to her dorm to see if she was okay, she wasn't there." Dumbledore is so pitying of me that he doesn't even scold me for going up to the girls dorms. Professor McGonagall bursts through the doors. "Albus, there is a young Miss Weasley up in Miss Granger's dormitory. She is vomiting profusely and is feeling very poor. Poppy has been up there but she does not know what to do. I think it wise for you to go up and see her." McGonagall's face is pale and sweaty. "I fear that she is seriously ill." She says gravely. Dumbledore turns to me. "Harry." McGonagall turns. "POTTER?! What are you doing here?" Then she notices my tears. "Are you okay?" She looks really concerned. The kind look on her normally fierce face is enough to break me down again. I am so confused. Why the hell am I crying in front of teachers?! My brain is so muddled…. I NEVER cry… And now I am crying in front of the only two people who I look up to. Now they're going to think I'm a wimp. ARRRRGGGGHHHH! What has Gin done to me? I can feel Dumbledore x-raying me. And – WHAT – McGonagall is hugging me! "Harry, love does beautiful things to us. I will come with you to Miss Granger's dormitory, to see Miss Weasley." Dumbledore tells me. McGonagall lets something like a sob out. Okay - everyone is going mad… Suddenly my thoughts click back to Ginny. "So Madam Pomfrey couldn't do anything to help her?" If she couldn't, who could? "I'm afraid not, Harry. Perhaps Professor Dumbledore could do something." I register the use of my first name – a rarity, from McGonagall. We make our way up to Gryffindor tower, towards the girls dorms. McGonagall pulls me in close and tries to wipe the tears off my cheeks. "Even though Sirius is gone, Harry, some of us are still here for you, okay?" She looks so concerned. I nod, and then we are climbing the stairs up towards Hermione's room. Hermione's POV We've been in bed for about an hour, but I can tell that neither of us are asleep; me because I'm worried about Gin, and she because she constantly has to get up and vomit. Poor thing. I'm just wondering whether there's anything I can do, any sleeping charm I can put on her to make her get some rest, when I hear a whispered ' alohamora ' at my door. I jump up, ignoring Ginny's mumbled "what's happening?" and then vomiting, and grab my heaviest textbook. The door swings open, and Professors Dumbledore and McGonagall burst in. Along with Harry. Ginny's face pales and she busies herself with burying herself underneath my doona. Which then fails, because she has to come up to vomit again. When Harry sees this, his face goes white and he sprints over to Ginny. When he sees how much vomit is in the bin already, he yells. "How the hell did I let this happen to you? Gin, I'm so sorry. How the heck can you ever love me again? Oh god, oh god, oh god. Are you okay? I went up to your dorm but you weren't there, so I went to see Dumbledore and then… Oh god Gin, are you okay?" He leans into her pale, clammy face and kisses her passionately on the lips. We all turn away politely but then Ginny gets up to chuck again and I snap my head back. As she lays back on bed, looking defeated, Harry sits down next to her and kisses her lightly on the head, muttering all the time "oh Gin, how did I let this happen, how did I let you get this bad, oh god, oh my poor baby girl, oh Ginny…." Dumbledore conjures up three chintz armchairs for himself, Professor McGonagall and me. Then he gets up and goes and looks over Ginny's face. He performs some unknown spell on the bin next to her bed, which I've charmed so that it empties itself when it's full, so that whenever she needs to empty her already bare stomach the bin flies to right under her nose. She murmurs a watery "thanks" before breaking down. Harry is immediately at her side. Meanwhile, Dumbledore and McGonagall are sitting in the armchairs, trying to get my attention. I snap back to listening. "Sorry Professors. I was a bit preoccupied." I apologize. "That's okay, Miss Granger. I would expect nothing less after the night you've had." Dumbledore conjures up 4 mugs of warm butterbeer, passes one to me, one to McGonagall, leaves one on the desk for Harry and takes one for himself. "I believe that Miss Weasley has a rare disease. Sort of like the Stomach Flu, but nothing can be done. I think she should