Alex kept his quill quiet as possible as the tip steadily slid over the parchment. His eyes were not focused on the streaks of shiny ink, however, but rather on the elegant letters he copied from the letter perched on the top of the sloping mahogany desk and leaning against the dirty sill. Keeping the pressure just right, and his muscles in control. It was difficult, because the flashes of phantom pain plaguing him, but he reminded himself that this would be nothing to what would happen should he fail. He had to get it right. Lungs breathed to the rhythm of the words, wrestling the dread within him as he worked, his tongue between his teeth as he concentrated with all his might. His life depended on accuracy. As the orange candle burned still lowering the brass holder, reflecting like stars in the ink beside it , he glanced down at the page dyed deep blue by is shadow. A smudge would reveal his trickery. But the glistening words were neat upon the scroll, identical to the writing above to the last curl and punctuation mark, and he held his breath in tension as he moved the quill down once more. There was only the signature now. Though he was eager to be done with the laborious process of writing out an acceptance letter and list, he knew better than to rush, for he could not risk making a mistake. There was no knowing for certain what his father would do, for the man was as easy to predict as a whirlwind, but even his mildest mood swings were dangerous these days. Carefully, he picked up the copy and examined what he had written. His brown eyes followed every line and loop and the spaces between them s the ink slowly dried, and he could see no difference between the copies as they were held beside each other. Even when he held the candle close to the letter, and the shadows parted, they were the same. Good. He knew better than to be overconfident even now, for the list would be more difficult, though he hoped his father be more interested in the letter and therefore not look at it too closely. Alex was glad he had trained so hard in the art of forgery. Not long ago is wrist would already be numb from overuse, but now he could imitate the twists and strokes with little strain, and quite quickly. He had a keen eye for depth. But his talent with a skill would be useless if his father were to discover him, and he knew he had to have the stolen letter back in the frame above the mantelpiece before dawn. So he kept his hand moving smoothly along the table. After what seemed like eternity, he had finished the task, and only then did he become aware of the stiffness in his body and dizziness spinning through his skull. Fear, creeping like poison through his veins. The grim sensation was one he had become used to, a part of him, like the chill was a part of the night, but surged through his stomach with fresh vigour. His father was becoming more paranoid by the day. The acceptance letter was already a day late, though the man had clung to the belief that the owl had simply been delayed, as many birds were in the seemingly eternal fog. But he had still beat Alex black and blue. Literally. Alex had been piebald by the evening. Although he had fallen for the illusions and tales his son had spun, he could not be fooled into thinking his son was a great wizard, and this fury of dismay only grew as Alex reached eleven. The boy had decided to assume the threats were real. His father was murderous. He had always seen the worst in most situations, been frightened easily when he was a child. But with Marcus, it was best to be cautious. He might be forgiving, or he might not, but stress was making his erratic moods worse than ever. Alex picked up the first letter as it fluttered against the small blinded window rimmed by splinters, and had stood. He tiptoed across the open floor stained by the shade of midnight. There was little more than a metre of this, for his bedroom was very small and could barely fit the bed and wardrobe against the sides, both veiled in velvet black. That this plan was ridiculously over-complicated did not bother him. He could see no other way of keeping himself safe from his father's wrath. He felt in the wardrobe, pulling back the false back, and revealing the silver cloth of demiguise hair given to him by his mother, one of his most precious gifts. Wrapped it around his shoulders and turned away, silently closing the board. Then the door was open. He slipped across a carpet whose bright green and silver stripes contrasted with the austerity of his chamber, and his bare feet enjoyed the softness of the silk. The hall was at the far end of the passage. His toes might have been glad but his heart pounded with every step,though he had no reason to believe his father would awaken. But life was cruel. Unpredictable. He knew better than to count on anything or anyone, and he froze with every sound, from the stirring of the elf in the attic to the tapping of branches against windows. His ears would strain for the echoing sounds. Only when he was sure his father was still sleeping, presumably reliving glorious days of murder and torture, would he continue through the passage. The cloak had begun to age, though only slightly. Nevertheless, he kept low as he passed the portraits and did not linger, using the carpet and the icy gloom to his advantage as he approached the darkling doorway ahead. The hall was lined with shelves of gold and silver artefacts, several of these luminous despite the lack of light coming in from the windows on either side of the ebony door ahead and the lack of flames upon the thirty candles in the magnificent chandelier of glass. The lights were soft blue, dripping onto the carpet like slime, glinting on metal busts of renowned family members. In the middle, the richly carved table was like a hole in the floor. The four chairs , each set in a separate side,could only be told apart from the top by their rounded backs and clawed legs, and their shadows were steady as they stretched towards the branching doorway on the left. Alex paid little head to the opulent tapestries encrusted with diamonds and the gold lamp stands in the corners, thinking only of the large arched fireplace in the middle of the wall to his right. The mantelpiece was wide and clean, cluttered with framed photographs and letters. He was careful not to touch any, easing the paper back into the silver square without moving it, his stomach twisting with tension as he did so. Sweat bubbled in his pores. He reminded himself of what a shaking hand would mean, and forced his arm to be steady, not shifting the glass an inch. The pain of fear but his entire frame ache as if he had been plunged into boiling water, never fading, only becoming more savage by the second. But he kept control. When no alarm sounded, he retreated swiftly, nearly gliding back through the cheerless hall, glad to have done this much but still afraid as he put away his bottle of ink and quill. It was not over yet. He would only be safe when his father believed he was at Hogwarts. Alex knew he should sleep, but he was too apprehensive to do so,his mind churning with possible mistakes and fears that Marcus would be more observant than he had expected. So he remained awake, trying to decide if he should wake his father. He used the time to scatter collected barn owl feathers along the table top and to seal the envelope properly, and he decided to show his father the letter now. There would be pain, but it would be more convincing if the owl apparently arrived at midnight. It would confirm his father's belief that the delay was simply the fault of the bird, set on the wrong path in the clouds. So he tapped the window loudly and made a noise opening it. All he could see was a dense fog colder than ice, the grey tendrils clutching at his face and fingers as frost crept over the glass, making his skin numb. Darkness crawled into his eyes. The silhouettes of oaks, set in lines across the hidden lawn, danced sadly in the piercing breeze, as if winter still breathed in these frozen summer nights. Before he could call out, his father was banging at the door, and Alex withdrew white fingers and left the slithering tentacles of vapour to scratch at the sill as it shut. ''There is an owl, father.'' His voice was rusty with disuse. ''The Hogwarts letter.'' ''Give it to me this instant.'' The door burst open and a skinny man entered, his ruddy face colourless in the dull wand light, and fine brows frowning heavily over cruel sable eyes. ''Quickly.'' Alex held his breath as the man scanned the page, and every second was like an hour, the cold pushed away by the hot flush of sickly fear as he watched the grim expression on the square jaw. Marcus did not move as he held the page. Then he put it down on the desk and quickly slapped Alex hard across the face, sending him into the bed with a spinning head and burning eyes. A barrage of stinging hexes beat across him. ''That is for waking me.'' Snapped the man, turning away, keeping the letter but tossing him two bags. The voice was as dead as the eyes. ''You will go to Diagon Alley the hour the Leaky Cauldron opens. And you will perform a spell when I return from work.'' ''Yes, father.'' Alex licked his lips in worry as the door closed, but he was already planning how to show off his apparent magical talent,although he did not know what to do if his father asked for a particular spell. He had heard some wands stored magic, and he hoped to use that. Rubbing his sore head, he examined the coins , debating hiding away before September. But he did not want to antagonize his father. As if to remind him why flight would be futile, the enchanted tattoo began to burn upon his hand, and no matter how hard he rubbed it the stinging did not fade. He would be tracked down easily. ''Mother.'' His hoarse voice was kept low as he turned to the photograph of the sad woman who peered at him from a plain wooden frame. ''I will be free of him soon.'' What he would do when he reached the school he did not know. There was still the slightest chance that he could do magic, though he doubted it very much, but even if he was exposed as a squib, the headmaster might remove the curse. It was more than a simple mark, else he would have cut his hand off long ago. If they could or would not,he would rather die in the forest there than return to the clutches of his insane family, though his life was not yet so terrible he wished to lose it. There was still the muggle world. His mother had told him it was far more complicated than the wizard world, both better and worse, but was usually considered the best path for squibs. Of course, Alex reflected dryly, those squibs most likely did not have insane fathers. He watched the clock upon the wardrobe with drooping eyes, for the weather did nothing to tell him