Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns Harry Potter. A/N: If you're just joining us, this story is a sequel to The Accidental Animagus , which covers Years 1-4 at Hogwarts, and I've also published a companion piece titled The World of the Accidental Animagus , which showcases magic from around the world and introduces some secondary characters who will play a role in this story. This story will cover the duration of the wizarding war, which should be roughly Years 5-7. The story so far: Harry is a cat-animagus and was adopted by the Grangers at age five. Harry and Hermione are self-taught wandless magic users. Sirius was freed from Azkaban in first year, and he and Harry are both active members of the Wizengamot. Fenrir Greyback was captured in third year. Four of Voldemort's horcruxes have been destroyed: the locket, diary, ring, and Harry's scar. Voldemort allied with a powerful dark witch from Mexico to resurrect him, which is getting the ICW involved in the war. Pairings are Harry/Luna and Hermione/Neville. Chapter 1 Prime John Minister John Major entered his office on Monday, the twenty-sixth of June and was surprised to find his secretary had cleared his schedule for the morning. When he demanded to know why, she told him he had an emergency meeting with the Queen at nine o'clock, but to her own concern, she was unable to tell him what it was about. He dutifully rushed to Buckingham Palace only to find that Her Majesty didn't know what it was about either—only that Maxwell Barnett, the Royal Court Magician, had contacted her and said he needed to speak with both of them urgently. Major was most concerned by that, but Mr. Barnett had always been a good sort, and Her Majesty trusted him implicitly, so he waited. However, they were both surprised when, promptly at nine o'clock, not one, but four wizards entered her office. That had certainly never happened before. He recognised Mr. Barnett at once, as well of Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge, much to his surprise. He thought those two wizards wouldn't be caught in the same room together given the difference in their attitudes towards non-magicals. The other two he didn't know. One was a woman with short, grey hair and a monocle, and the other was a man of similar age with an exotic look about him and oddly-coloured eyes. All of them looked very grave. They bowed to the Queen, although Fudge and the woman had the clueless look of foreigners who didn't know much about the etiquette. "Good morning, Mr. Barnett," the Queen said. "Am I to take it from this extraordinary meeting that a matter of great concern has arisen?" "Good morning, Your Majesty, Prime Minister, and I'm afraid it has," Barnett said. "Allow me to introduce Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic of Great Britain and Ireland, Amelia Bones, our Director of Magical Law Enforcement, and Edward Grayson, Ambassador-at-Large for Australia, who is lending his expertise in this matter." Australia, then. Major had never met a foreign wizard, though he knew many had been in the country for their World Cup. They exchanged the usual greetings, and to Major's surprise, the Queen seemed to recognise the Ambassador. "Ambassador Grayson," she said, "I believe we met once at the close of the Second World War." "We did, Your Majesty," he replied, "and I've been pleased to spend a year in the United Kingdom again, though I wish it were under better circumstances." "I see. And what circumstances have arisen that have led you to call this meeting? I was expecting to hear only a report on the conclusion of your Tetrawizard Tournament." Fudge looked a little surprised that she knew about that, but he answered, "It's the conclusion of the Tournament that we need to talk to you about…Your Majesty. The—the third task was…" "Was sabotaged, Your Majesty," Amelia Bones said. She seemed to pick up the thread faster. "I've compiled a preliminary report for you, of course. The two winning champions—the British champions—were kidnapped. I'm afraid Cedric Diggory was murdered, and Harry Potter made a narrow escape, returned to Hogwarts, and shouted to an audience of about five hundred that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named had returned." Both the Queen and Major tensed at that pronouncement. "The evil wizard you were fighting fifteen years ago?" Major said. "Isn't he the one you said Harry Potter defeated before?" "Defeated, yes, but not killed, although we thought he had," Fudge said. "Which I had informed you that Albus Dumbledore has been saying for some time," Barnett reminded them. "And for the record, Mr. Potter has testified that You-Know-Who's defeat on Halloween of 1981 was his mother's doing." "Yes, but that's really beside the point," Fudge said. "He's back, and we need to prepare." He said this with an air of someone who was still trying to convince himself, and both of the muggles noticed. "Do you have any proof of Lord Potter's claims, Mr. Fudge?" the Queen asked shrewdly. Amelia Bones answered, "Besides his own testimony, only indirect, ma'am, but what we've been able to confirm is even worse." "Worse?" Major said. "Ambassador?" she said. Grayson produced a small box and opened it, revealing a stone knife with a white handle. "This is a reproduction of the murder weapon that killed Mr. Diggory," he said. He handed it over for them to inspect closer. "The design is Aztec, but the construction is modern, as it was in the original. The handle is made from the finger bone of a dragon. Lord Potter's description of the murderer was very clear. It was a witch named Meztli Ocelotl, better known as La Pantera. She is as feared in Mexico as Lord Voldemort is here, and she is probably the world's most brilliant expert on sacrificial rituals. It would have been well within her means to return Voldemort to life." Major looked up from the knife. "You said he wasn't dead." "With magic, it's not always one or the other. The point is that the knife confirms Lord Potter's testimony that she was present, and thus, his claim that Voldemort is back should be considered trustworthy, too." Barnett spoke up, "Ma'am, I can also confirm, since he's given me permission, that when I taught Lord Potter Occlumency, I saw in his mind that he faced You-Know-Who twice before Saturday night in various guises. He would not be likely to make such a mistake." "Very well. What is being done in response?" the Queen asked. "Well, ma'am, er…Dumbledore made a few suggestions…" Fudge said. "Bringing werewolves back into the fold of magical society, for example. Of course, we were already doing that, and without Greyback, You-Know-Who's recruitment there is stymied…But I'm not sure his other suggestions are politically tenable." "Why not, Mr. Fudge." "Ma'am, he suggested removing the dementors from Azkaban! Seems to think they're a security liability—" "They are in my experience," Grayson cut in. "Many of us disagree. And even if I did agree, what would we do with them? If they got loose, it would be even worse." "There's an ICW reservation in northern Siberia," Grayson said calmly. "Britain isn't the first nation to deal with this problem, Mr. Fudge." "Thank you for your advice, Ambassador," Fudge said sarcastically. "I don't suppose you have any suggestions about the giants, too?" "Only that it couldn't hurt to talk with them." "That's easy for you to say. You never had any in Australia. Around here, people have only one opinion about giants: they want them to stay in Russia, far away from us—" "Mr. Fudge!" the Queen broke them up. "What is being done here ?" Fudge took a deep breath. "Amelia?" he said. Bones flipped through some parchments. "Dumbledore informed me months ago that this was a possibility, ma'am," she said. "I mobilised what I could then, and I'm able to do much more now. Of course, Dumbledore's doing his own thing." "And what is he doing?" the Queen asked. "He calls it the Order of the Phoenix. It's an off-the-books intelligence-gathering organisation, or at least, that's what it's supposed to be. I understand they did quite a bit of fighting in the last war. I'll to speaking with him about it soon. I think he's under the impression that I don't know about it. I wouldn't normally stand for such vigilantism at all, except it's a legal grey area because he's the Chief Warlock. Anyway, that's a minor issue. My department is increasing security around our public spaces and critical infrastructure, and I'm trying to vet my own people better without causing too much disruption. Unfortunately, we're short-staffed. Recruitment's been down for the past decade." "Why? Is there anything you can do about that?" Major asked. "We have. We identified a choke point in…in what I believe you would call our educational pipeline for Aurors. We resolved it several years ago, which has increased our recruitment. Unfortunately, the people who benefited from the change are all fresh-faced recruits and trainees with only a year of experience under their belts. We're also investigating two possible jailbreaks and another kidnapping that we believe are related to the incident on Saturday, which is eating up additional resources." "How's that, Ms. Bones?" Major asked. "I didn't mention it before, Prime Minister, but the person who sabotaged the task on Saturday is believed to have been a man we thought died in prison many years ago. We're investigating that and a similar incident from last year to see if he actually escaped. Whoever it was, we know that he kidnapped and impersonated one of our other department heads to pull it off. Fortunately, we found Mr. Monroe alive yesterday, but he doesn't remember anything since September. We don't know if he'll recover enough to testify." "Most unfortunate," Major said. "If there's any assistance we can render, please ask us. Now, what can we do on our side? Oh, and I should probably warn you at this point that I'm currently facing leadership elections within my party. I'm quite confident I'll win, but there's a small chance you'll have to take this up again with John Redwood come the fourth of July." The wizards frowned. "That could complicate things," Bones said, making a note of it. "We weren't aware of anything like that going on. When is the next general election?" "Unless things go very badly, the spring of 1997." "I see. Well, I'm afraid there's very little organised action you can take in the muggle world, Prime Minister—certainly whilst maintaining the Statute of Secrecy, but we can of course go over our strategic assessment now." "Yes. Let's." "Indeed," the Queen agreed, "although before you leave, I would like a report on the third task and on how Lord Potter is doing." Harry Potter, also known as Ratsbane, lay sunning himself on the living room floor. As he was now, he appeared to be an adolescent black cat with white feet, bright green eyes, and a strange white mark on his head in the shape of a lightning bolt. Harry had been spending a lot of his time in cat form this week. This was partially to deal with the stress of what had happened in the last few days, but not all. It was partially because he didn't want to pay any attention to the newspapers. The sensationalism around him revealing himself as an animagus and (rather more importantly) that Voldemort was back got annoying very quickly. But mostly, it was to keep Rowena company. Rowena, formerly Hypatia, had once belonged to Harry's birth parents—the same cat he had nearly run over with his toy broomstick on his first birthday. She had survived the explosion of the Potters' cottage and wandered in Godric's Hollow for six years until Harry found her again. Needless to say, she liked him much more after he'd grown up some. But now, Rowena was seventeen years old—eighty-four in cat years. She was arthritic, going deaf, had lost