Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns Harry Potter. Part of this story is quoted from Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . A/N: Harmony fans rejoice! I've been planning a Harry/Hermione story for a while, and this is the one. There are a lot of these stories out there, but surprisingly, there aren't that many that start it off just before Harry's hearing at the Ministry, which I think is the most natural point in the series to do it. Here's my take on it with a classic get-out-of-dodge plan added in. It'll be a two-shot for now, but hopefully with more to come. Chapter 1 Ron was standing there with his mouth half-open, clearly stunned and at a loss for anything to say, while Hermione looked on the verge of tears. " BUT WHY SHOULD I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON? WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER TO TELL ME WHAT'S BEEN HAPPENING?" " Harry, we wanted to tell you, we really did—" Hermione began. " CAN'T'VE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR YOU'D HAVE SENT ME AN OWL, BUT DUMBLEDORE MADE YOU SWEAR — " " Well, he did—" " FOUR WEEKS I'VE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE, NICKING PAPERS OUT OF THE BINS TO TRY AND FIND OUT WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON—" But Hermione didn't retort. To his shock, she dropped to her knees and started sobbing uncontrollably. Harry's anger started to flag as he saw his friend's distress and then faded rapidly when she choked out, "OH MY GOD, IT'S ALL MY FAULT! I'M SUCH AN ARSE !" Harry stared down at her, wide-eyed, unsure of what to do. The last time he'd seen Hermione like this had been in third year when she'd been running herself ragged for months with her Time Turner. "Er, Hermione?" he said. "Harry, we wanted to tell you," she sobbed, "but I said we should talk to Dumbledore about it and get permission first, so…We tried, Harry. We really did. But we couldn't even talk to him most of the time, let alone try to convince him. Even when we saw Dumbledore, he barely gave us the time of day. I fought him when I got a chance—both of us did. We begged him to do something—to get you out of there or to let us tell you something. But he said it would be safest if you stayed at your relatives' house, and if we didn't tell you anything. We asked him why, but he didn't answer. We told him you'd get restless and do something stupid, but he wouldn't listen. I was furious, and I knew you'd be even more furious, but I still believed him. I believed he was right that you'd be safer that way because he's Dumbledore , and then…AND THEN YOU TOLD US YOU WERE ATTACKED BY BLOODY DEMENTORS, AND YOU MIGHT BE EXPELLED! I was so scared I might never see you again, Harry, and it's all my fault! I should have just ignored Dumbledore from the start! I should've written you more or…or…" Harry finally moved, crouching down beside her and awkwardly patting her on the shoulder. He hadn't really meant to make her cry, and she was doing a good job of making him feel terrible about it. "I—I'm sorry, Hermione, I didn't know," he said. She sniffed. "I'm such a horrible friend." "No, I…I don't think that," Harry stammered. "I mean, look at everything you've done for me. I was just so mad about not hearing anything. I mean, I 'm the one Voldemort's trying to kill. I 'm the one in the middle of all this. Shouldn't I know what's going on?" "Of course you should Harry," Hermione collected herself. "That's what we said. I don't know what Dumbledore was thinking. And I just took his word as gospel and ruined everything…! Am I too trusting, Harry?" "Um…kinda, yeah," he admitted uncomfortably, "but still, Dumbledore's usually been trying to help me. I don't know what he was thinking, either." Ron finally jumped back in: "Mind you, Mum's been pretty keen on keeping us out of the loop, too. Says we're too young and all that crud." "Oh, your mum's here, too?" Harry said, helping Hermione up. "Where is here, anyway?" "Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix," Ron said. Harry shot a glare at him, but a weak one. "Should that mean something to me?" he said. "Well, no, I guess it wouldn't. It's like a secret society." "Dumbledore started it," Hermione said. "They fought against You-Know-Who last time." "Alright, what're they doing, then? And what's Voldemort up to, for that matter?" "We don't know much," Ron said apologetically. "They don't let us in the meetings. Fred and George invented these Extendable Ears to listen in, but Mum went berserk when she found out." "They've got Order members following known Death Eaters," Hermione added. "And some working on recruiting. And they're guarding something, too." "That was me, according to Mrs. Figg," Harry said. "Oh, right, of course." Harry was about to ask what the two of them were doing all summer when he was interrupted by two loud cracks, and Fred and George appeared in the middle of the room. "Stop doing that!" Hermione shouted. "Better be careful, Fred," George said with a grin. "She's got a temper, that one." "So I heard," Fred replied. "Hullo, Harry, we thought we recognised your dulcet tones. Hermione here was a bit of a surprise, though. She's got a real set of pipes on her." Hermione glared at them with a hurt look. On seeing this, Harry said, "Hey, give her a break, guys. She was really freaking out." "Ha. I was freaking out?" she said, forcing a weak laugh. "I'm not the one who got attacked by d-dementors in broad daylight." "I'm fine, Hermione, really," Harry said. "I mean, it was bloody close, but that was mostly because—erk!" He grunted as she grabbed him in a tight hug. "Harry, you need to stop almost getting killed," she said. "I don't know what I'd do if I lost you." "Oh, hi, Harry. Am I interrupting something?" another voice called. Harry looked up and saw a smiling Ginny Weasley leaning against the door frame. He flinched back from Hermione and blushed heavily, but before he could answer, she turned to Fred and George and said, "Don't bother with the Extendable Ears. Mum put an Imperturbable Charm on the door." "Dang," Fred said. "We wanted to find out what old Snape was up to." "Snape's here?" Harry said. "Yeah, giving a report," George said. "Top secret." Harry remembered the memories from Dumbledore's Pensieve last spring. "Oh, that's right. He was a spy in the last war, wasn't he?." Hermione nodded: "Yes. He started back up right away. There are always a lot of people coming through here for the order—Sirius and Remus, of course. McGonagall, Moody, some Aurors. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Bill and Charlie…" "And Percy?" Harry asked. Evidently, that was the wrong thing to say. The mood turned tense at once, and the younger Weasleys explained in great detail how Percy had sided with the Ministry against Dumbledore and, therefore, his own family. It was a pretty sore spot. "Percy said the only evidence You-Know-Who is back is your word," Ron said. "And…well…" "Your word doesn't carry as far as it ought to," Hermione said. "Not with what people are saying about you." "What are people saying about me?" Harry demanded, his temper rising again. "Haven't you been reading the Daily Prophet ?" Hermione asked nervously. "I thought I was, but I never saw anything about me or Voldemort. Is Dumbledore messing with that, too?" "No! I'm sure he's not, Harry. It's just that it's subtle. They…they crack a joke about you once or twice a week. They act like you're…well, delusional and attention-seeking is the only way I can put it. Like if something weird happens, they'll call it 'a tale worthy of Harry Potter.' You kind of have to read between the lines, but they want people to get the impression that you're hooked on being famous, and you'll say anything to get attention." "That's insane!" Harry shouted. "Voldemort killed my parents! How can they think that I—" "Harry, please calm down," Hermione said, placing a tentative hand on his shoulder. " We know none of that drivel about you is true. But you can't do anything about the rest of it—not yet—not with the Ministry out to get you like this. They don't have a case to expel you. They don't even have the right to expel you, but the fact that they're trying—" "And the fact that I got attacked by dementors?" he interrupted. "Did they mention that?" "Of course not. That's a straight cover-up. They'd never admit to losing control of the dementors—or worse. The fear of losing control of them is what got them removed in third year after they tried to Kiss us, even though Sirius was supposedly still on the loose. But you need to get through this hearing first. They're going to try to railroad you. I just know it. You need to try to stay on their good side. If there are enough law-abiding people in the DMLE, they should put a stop to it, then." Harry stewed, but didn't say anything more. A minute later, Mrs. Weasley came into the bedroom. "The meeting is over," she told them. "Come along to dinner. Everyone's dying to see you, Harry, we've been so worried." The Weasleys picked themselves up and headed downstairs, but Harry and Hermione lingered back, neither of them too keen to stay with the larger group. "Harry, I am so sorry about not writing to you," Hermione repeated, "but I'm here for you, now. Any help you need with the hearing, I'm there. I've already got some law books from Sirius's library." Harry sighed. He was feeling too worn-out to be angry now, at least not at Hermione. He smiled weakly at her. "Thanks," he said. "It sounds like I'm gonna need it." Dinner was actually pleasant. Harry got to know some of the other Order members better and get a feel for what they were doing. Don't-Call-Me-Nymphadora Tonks was a Metamorphmagus, which basically meant she was a brilliant mistress of disguise. Bill Weasley was trying to negotiate with the goblins, who were unhappy because of centuries of oppression by the Ministry and because Ludo Bagman had swindled them out of a sizable sum of gold. Mundungus Fletcher was a con artist who really shouldn't have been allowed to roam free, but Dumbledore put up with him because he had an ear on all the other crooks. Sirius was unfortunately stuck in the house because the Ministry was still after him. The real tension came after dinner, when Mrs. Weasley and Sirius got into an argument when Sirius tried to tell him more about the Order. "Dumbledore says we shouldn't tell Harry more than he needs to know ," Mrs. Weasley said, emphasising the last three words as if there were some special significance to them. "I'm not telling him more than he needs to know , Molly," Sirius shot back. Harry felt uncomfortable that he seemed to be buying into the same concern of Dumbledore's, whatever it was. "But considering he's survived more tangles with Voldemort than any of us besides Dumbledore, he has a right to know." The argument went on for a while, and Harry didn't fully understand all of it. Mrs. Weasley was playing the overprotective mother card at least as much as invoking Dumbledore's orders. Harry really wanted to give the old man a piece of his mind by now, but he did get to learn a few more things. Fred and George were also allowed to stay over Mrs. Weasley's strenuous objections because they were of age, and Ron pointed out that Harry would tell him and Hermione everything anyway. Ginny got the short end of