Disclaimer: Harry Potter is the property of JK Rowling. Yes, there are direct quotes here, but they are used sparingly (approximately 5% of the source material) and for an actual narrative purpose, not for heckling or commentating like in all the other stories of this type. A/N: I thought a lot about whether to even write this story, much less publish it. It's a big project, and not one that's wildly conducive to success. However, my initial enquiries were surprisingly encouraging, so I'm giving it a try. I don't know yet if I'll get through all seven books, but I plan to at least get through Philosopher 's Stone . Harry Potter characters reading the Harry Potter books is a trope that in my experience is universally handled terribly. Usually, the books are quoted verbatim, somebody interrupts literally every sentence just for the sake of commenting, and there's no actual plot. Even the stories that break this pattern do so halfheartedly, and they still wind up being twice as long as the books themselves and terminally boring. But despite this, I believe that any trope can be made to work in the right hands, so I wanted to try it and actually take it seriously. This is the story of how the characters would actually react to the Harry Potter books, told at an actually readable pace. To do anything less is not doing the story justice. To be clear, I contend that this is not an MST story. An MST story is defined as "comments inserted in between the flow of a copied story." This is not the case here because I am using quotes sparingly, not interleaving them with commentary, and there is an actual plot, which is also not about commentary, but about various characters scheming to use the information they learn to their own ends. Chapter 1: Umbridge The Boy Who Lived Dolores Umbridge paced back and forth through the upper floors of Hogwarts, trying to think of some way to finish her job: shutting up Dumbledore and that brat, Potter, for good. Both of them were slippery targets, but she knew—she knew —that they had to be up to something. Why else would they keep spewing their ridiculous lies if they weren't? But she could never prove anything. A smear campaign in the media, strict restrictions, a half dozen educational decrees and even one failed assassination attempt and subsequent show trial had all failed to stop Potter. Somehow, he had come out with an interview in that awful rag, The Quibbler , with Rita Skeeter, no less, right under her very nose. Merlin, she'd thought Skeeter was a Ministry woman. Potter must have threatened her to get that. And so, she was wandering about on the seventh floor on a Saturday, trying to find dirt on Potter's illicit activities in the school. She knew something was going on. She just hadn't been able to pin it down. If only I could find out the truth about Potter, she thought as she passed by that eyesore of a tapestry of the dancing trolls. What little evidence she had said that whatever Potter was up to was centred on this location, but she couldn't see anything off about the place. Her thoughts were interrupted by a crash coming from behind her. She spun around and darted past the tapestry again. Aha! I 've got you now, Potter. All I need is to get the real truth out of you, and then you'll get it! But the disturbance wasn't Potter. It was Peeves. That dratted poltergeist ought to have been exorcised centuries ago. Dolores may not have been the best with a wand, but she successfully banished him to an unused wing where he couldn't cause much trouble and continued on her patrol. Now, where was I, she thought. Right, I need proof of Potter 's misdeeds, and preferably Dumbledore's, too. I just need the real story. Another strange sound stopped her as she passed the tapestry a third time. She looked, and on the opposite wall, there was a door. She was quite certain there hadn't been a door there before. And that door couldn't possibly go anywhere. It was an outer wall of the castle! That was suspicious. She went over to the mysterious door and (cautiously, in case it led to a sheer drop or something) opened it. At first, the little room behind the door looked disappointing. It was a small, private reading room, the kind that Granger girl might secretly maintain somewhere. It contained a small fire grate, a wing chair, and a side table with a lamp on it. Also on the side table was a stack of seven colourful-looking books. Dolores picked up the first one and read the title: Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone . Potter again? Where did these books come from? She wondered. There had been books written about the alleged Boy-Who-Lived, but these weren't among them. The Potter on the cover was dressed as a student, and the books she knew about had stopped coming out after he started school. And what's more, she remembered hearing some interesting rumours about the Philosopher's Stone during Potter's first year. Could this be the true story about Potter she was looking for? Could the castle itself have sensed her need and provided for her? It seemed extraordinary, but perhaps Hogwarts was more on her side than she thought. It seemed worth taking a look, at least. She sat down in the wing chair and began to read the first chapter. Most of the chapter wasn't all that interesting. Potter had some bloody annoying muggle relatives. No surprise there. Merlin, they sounded even worse than her mother and brother. Maybe that's why he was so cranky all the time. Ha! Ah, this was better. What was Dumbledore doing? Besides making a fool of himself? Muggle sweets, of all the things. But still, none of it seemed useful, until she got to the end of the chapter, and a dawning look of comprehension crept over her face. "He did what ?" she gasped. Her lips curled into a sneer. "Oh, this is good. This is very good. I'd better Floo-call Cornelius. If the rest of this book is anything like the first chapter, Dumbledore is going down. Even Potter will be against him when I'm through with him…And I know the perfect way to do it, too." Monday morning began perfectly normally at Hogwarts, but little by little, the students and teachers got a creeping sensation that something very big was about to happen—Harry Potter, especially. Perhaps it was that very genuine evil grin Umbridge kept giving him. She looked entirely too cheerful this morning and he had a feeling the other shoe was about to drop. It wasn't until the end of breakfast that Umbridge made her move. "Hem hem, may I have your attention, please?" she said, standing up. "I have an important announcement to make. Today, all morning classes have been cancelled." No one was foolish enough to cheer. Quite a few people gasped, especially among the teachers. If she was cancelling classes, Umbridge had either gone insane or was planning something much more devious than usual. "Instead, all students and teachers will remain in the Great Hall for the morning for a public book reading." She was insane. Were her classes not enough, and now she wanted to read that awful Defence book to the whole school at once? Even Dumbledore looked perplexed. "That's an extremely unusual move, Dolores," he said. "May I ask what brought it on?" "Certainly, Headmaster. You see, I have had numerous problems this school year with certain individuals spreading dangerous and panic-inducing lies about the supposed return of a certain dark wizard. Despite repeated attempts at discipline, these lies persist, most egregiously in one Harry Potter's slanderous interview with a notorious gossip magazine. Notwithstanding the best efforts of the Ministry, these lies have gained traction in some circles, and the Minister and I have agreed that we are left with no choice but to publicly rebut them." Several of the teachers (and students) scoffed. Was she going to give a three-hour speech on the subject? From where he sat, Harry wouldn't put it past her—but wait, didn't she say it was a book reading? "And how do you intend to do that?" Dumbledore asked politely. He still sounded more bemused than anything else. "I'm glad you asked, Headmaster. I recently came into possession of a biography of Harry Potter's first year at Hogwarts, which I understand to be true and containing details not known to the general public." And that was true, to the best her knowledge. Dolores Umbridge was no fool. She had made it through about half the book on Saturday and spent most of yesterday making enquiries at the Ministry and asking carefully-worded questions of several teachers, especially Hagrid. Every detail she was able to fact-check came back true, including some that were definitely not known to the public, if they were even known to anyone besides the people mentioned in the book itself. J. K. Rowling appeared to be a pseudonym, and she had no idea who he or she was, but the rest seemed trustworthy. Dumbledore was getting more confused, not less. In the unlikely event that book was the real story of Harry's first year, there was no way Dolores would make it public…unless she hadn't read the whole thing, perhaps? But if it was just another slanderous manifesto, why go to this much trouble? No, there had to be something more to it. Harry just groaned at her words. It was bad enough that people were making up lies about him all the time, but now he was going to have to sit through a whole fake biography? This was just too much. "I'm surprised you would allow a book reading, Professor Umbridge," Professor McGonagall said shrewdly, taking a more pragmatic approach. "I was under the impression that teachers were banned from giving the students information not related to their subjects." "That restriction has been suspended for the sake of this activity, Professor McGonagall," Umbridge replied. McGonagall gasped in a show of indignation: "Surely you don't mean to go against Educational Decree Number…damn," she muttered under her breath. "Er, Twenty-Six?" Umbridge smiled her wicked smile. "I think you will find that the rule in question was merely 'in accordance with' E.D. Twenty-Six, Professor. The decree itself gives me the power to enact or suspend such rules as I see fit for the efficient operation of the school." "And you think that cancelling the morning's classes will be conducive to the efficient operation of the school?" McGonagall said dryly. "Oh, I think the results of this activity will be very beneficial to Hogwarts as a whole." That didn't sound good, and students and teachers alike knew it, especially with the way Umbridge had been trying to undermine Dumbledore all year. "Now, before we begin, I would like to invite in a few guests to sit in on the reading. Mr. Filch?" Filch opened the doors of the Great Hall, and in walked Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge, along with Percy Weasley two Aurors: Kingsley Shacklebolt, and a smaller, pale man Harry and his friends didn't know. Everyone stared at the newcomers as they took seats off to the right of the High Table. "Good morning, Minister," Umbridge said brightly. "Good morning, Dolores," Fudge replied. He looked even smugger than usual. "All set for this morning's entertainment? It should be good, if what you've told me is true." "I'm sure it will be, Minister." Umbridge produced a colourful hard-backed book and addressed the school: "The title of the book is Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone ." Dumbledore's smile slipped a little. The title didn't prove anything; much of the Philosopher's Stone incident was public record, but it was a red flag that someone would