WHOOO! My first PoJ fanfic! And it's a WillxNico! No surprise there. :D I think Solangelo's a beautiful pairing that needs more attention and more fics! Prove your Worth Chapter 1 Dark eyes stared at the bright blonde hair that stuck out in the group of demigods from afar. It was campfire night and Nico couldn't help but feel a little disappointed that a certain demigod wasn't sitting next to him while promptly ignoring Jason who was chattering away beside him. Not that the other blonde would notice, since Piper was doing all the replying. Thinking that he had been staring for too long, he finally tore his gaze away with a small frown and shook his head. What was he even thinking? Just because they were close during those three days in the infirmary, doesn't mean he had to act all chummy all the time. And he definitely wasn't expecting anything. Nope. Nothing at all. Hmm… maybe if he shadow-travelled he would catch his attention? "Nico, were you even listening?" Nico immediately darted his gaze back to Jason, who frowned at him in disappointment, while Piper seemed to be giving him that knowing smile. "Sorry… the songs made it hard to hear you…" He muttered, and as if on cue, the kids from the Apollo cabin suddenly started singing a little too loud as they reached the chorus of the song Nico had no idea what was called. It took him all his will not to look around to check on a certain blonde. Jason gave him a suspicious look, but nevertheless spoke, "As I was saying… I was planning to go visit Camp Jupiter for a while. Just to check how things are going there." "I'll be going too!" Piper cheerfully added. "You wanna come with?" Nico hesitated. Half of him wanted to go… but… this other half didn't really want to. But just looking at Jason's expectant face… he couldn't just say no. What can he say? He had a soft spot for the guy who first found out about his most embarrassing secret. But on the other hand… something… rather someone was holding him back. And he really didn't like the way the daughter of Aphrodite was looking at him. Smiling slyly as if she knew what he was thinking. "Percy and Annabeth would be coming along too, to go check out that college they were planning to attend to." Jason added, as if that was going to make him agree even more. Technically, after that confession, Nico was pretty sure everything between them just got a little more awkward. Okay… he wasn't entirely sure since he had pretty much been avoiding the son of Poseidon. "Well…?" Nico held back a sigh, and shrugged, "Sure… why not?" "Really?! Alright!" Jason grinned from ear to ear. Meanwhile, Piper looked a little surprise and at the same time disappointed. Nico didn't miss the way she turned to look at the kids of the Apollo cabin. Feeling a little stupid that he actually almost denied Jason's offer just for a stupid Apollo kid, he nodded firmly, "When do we leave?" "Tomorrow afternoon." Jason hastily added, "But if it's a little too soon, we can move it—" "No it's fine." He then stood up, giving his all not to look around for Will, "I should probably go and start preparing my stuff for tomorrow then." Jason nodded, grin still intact. Nico felt his mouth twitch a small smile before walking out, trying to blend with the shadows as much as possible to avoid any attention from the campers. "Don't worry, we'll only be there for a week!" He suddenly heard Piper shout over all the noise and songs making him blush. Was he that obvious? Nico trudged a little faster as his cabin came into view. Relieved that he finally got to have time for himself, he eagerly reached out for the door knob, only to be held back by when someone suddenly grabbed his arm. Without hesitation, he took out his sword and pressed it against the neck of the person who dared sneak up on him. "WOAH! It's just me!" As soon as he came face-to-face with the intruder, he felt his heart actually skip a beat and almost felt embarrassed of his actions. Almost . He still remembered how upset he was earlier and swiftly sheathed the dark blade. He forced to tear his dark eyes away from his blinding blue ones by looking at the bright camp fire from afar, "You should've known better than to sneak up on me like that, Solace." "Yeah, well… if you weren't so deep in thought, maybe you would've heard me calling for you. It wasn't hard to miss you walking out in the middle of our song." Will Solace pouted, "And I was about to do a solo too." Nico tried to push down the fluttering of his stomach and held back the urge to touch his face and pinch his cheeks, "Yeah? Well now I'm really glad I left. I might accidentally summon Elvis to slap you if I had stayed any longer." The blonde laughed at that and Nico couldn't help but feel angrier. Angrier that his anger from earlier was easily wiped out by his smooth, melodic voice. He can't sing, but he sure can laugh. "So what did you need that you had to walk out from your solo?" He raised an eyebrow while tapping his sword impatiently. He really wanted to get inside in his cabin and probably just go to sleep. He'd just do the packing tomorrow. For a moment, Will looked embarrassed as he seemed to have forgotten his purpose… or was there even a purpose? "I… I was wondering why you suddenly walked out like that." Nico felt his face heat-up as he couldn't help but… assume something. Suddenly, Will cleared his throat as he looked at anywhere but him. "I-I mean if you were feeling unwell or something… I had to make sure that you haven't been using your Underworld-y stuff." And as if to emphasize his point (which was really pointless), "Remember? Doctor's orders." Nico rolled his eyes, feeling more annoyed and disappointed at the son of Apollo before giving him a quick, stiff nod, "Right. I'd keep that in mind while I head back to Rome." Just as Will finally looked at him with wide, surprised eyes, Nico had turned around and entered his cabin. Shutting the door in his face just as the blonde was about to open his mouth to probably ask something—which Nico never found out. Will never thought there would come a time when he'd actually be enjoying his stay in the infirmary until those three days happened. Technically, hanging around with the injured and constantly complaining demigods isn't really a day to look forward to… unless you get to hang-out with injured and constantly complaining demigods with a side bonus of a grumpy, less than happy son of Hades! He was like those toys you usually get to have after buying a happy meal in that clown fast-food restaurant! Though honestly, Will had no idea why, since Nico was just as cranky as any other demigods he treated. But… his presence was an entirely different story. When he's around he feels lighter and a bit more cheerful than he usually was. He always loved teasing him, watching him scowl, splutter and blush… it made his stomach do some flips. There was just really something about him that Will couldn't put his finger on. Like, when he was trying to stop the bleeding from a badly wounded kid from the Ares cabin, he couldn't help but stare at Nico from afar, who was reading some batman comics that Jason must have lent to him, and the smile was totally not on purpose (the Ares kid promised to beat him to a pulp thinking that Will was enjoying his torment) as it formed on his face. And even with his hectic schedule, he would always find himself next to Nico chattering about some nonsense, while the son of Hades nodded and listened. Giving him a half-smile when he would grin widely and watching those dark eyes lighten a bit as he made some jokes. Though the son of Hades wouldn't react much, he still enjoyed those small smiles and treasured them just as you treasure something you knew you couldn't have. And just like that, it was Nico's last day in the infirmary and Will tried to hide his disappointment. But what was he supposed to be disappointed about anyway? He should be happy for the demigod— and should even congratulate him for managing to stay in the noisiest and most disturbing place in camp for three days straight. As he approached Nico who was already on his feet, stretching his stiff muscles, his blue eyes softened and he smiled. "So… last day." He tried to not sound disappointed. A patient's purpose in the infirmary is to get out of the infirmary after all, "I bet you're excited." The shrug he received made him feel a little happier than he should've felt, "I guess…" And that was that. He goes over one last check-up just to make sure. The claw marks on his biceps were healing perfectly. He asked for any pain that he was currently feeling and checked his temperature, heartbeat (which was always fast for some reason) and finally… He grabbed the small pale hand of the boy and felt the familiar current pass through him. The darkness was still there, but it was not as strong as before and it wouldn't be able to consume the boy before him, which relieved Will greatly. Unconsciously, he ran a thumb over the pale knuckles and felt the other stiffen, but fortunately, this time Nico didn't pull away. Realizing he was still holding his hand another electric current ran through his own hand and he lets go a little too quickly. That was… different . He looked up to see Nico staring at him questioningly. He immediately grinned to cover up his surprise, "Good news. It seems like the darkness inside you is finally retreating. But even so—no shadow travelling, and no summoning the dead—not even Jules-Albert. If you ever need to drive, I'd rather you come back here from a car accident rather than you fading away from me. I would like to deal with a patient I can touch, thank you very much." Nico suddenly went red, and he tried to cover this with a scowl and a glare in which Will couldn't help but return with a smile. Though he couldn't help but be surprised at what he just said. Finally, the prince of darkness thanked him and left the infirmary. All the while, Will watched as he walked off, shoulders hunched and hands in his pockets, almost like any other insecure teen and he couldn't help but sigh at this. The kid really had no reason to be insecure. When would he learn that everyone wasn't afraid of him nor do they not want him around? Nico suddenly turned around, eyes a little wide with expectance and Will automatically grinned as he waved. His heart pounded hard against his chest as he saw the son of Hades return the wave and smiled, cheeks dusted with red, before turning around and abruptly ran off. And with a goofy grin on his face he goes back to the infirmary, practically radiating with good vibes much to the grumpy patients' chagrin. It had approximately been a week since he talked to Nico, and he would often find himself looking around, trying to see if he could catch a glimpse of the scrawny kid. They had just finished their little game of Capture the Flag, and fortunately their team won! So now, here they were singing their victory, some tone-deaf, some not. Though he really wasn't paying much attention to his singing, nor did he