Christmas is almost near and as promised… I made a fic for my OTP! They definitely deserve the love! Wake Me Up When December Ends Chapter 1 Snow was everywhere (apparently, the camp decided to let winter in for the holidays), and the air was filled with holiday cheers. Surprisingly, there were more people in camp unlike last time. And it seemed like everyone had gotten closer since the last war, which shouldn't have been a surprise. Even some of the Romans had decided to drop by. There were laughter and snowball fights everywhere. Some campers were ice skating on the frozen lake, while couples cuddled within the Mess hall. Except for the two demigods that seemed to be busy with something else rather than smooching or doing anything couple-related—which they were not. "So what are you planning for today's holiday, Will?" Lou Ellen asked the blonde in front of her, who was busy wrapping something. "Nothing special." He replied, a little distracted as he tried to fold a shiny red wrapper. She raised an eyebrow, "What are you doing?" "I'm—" He pulled the tape that was stuck on his right cheek and pasted it against the red paper, "— trying to wrap a gift." "What gift?" Lou Ellen bent forward against the table, trying to get a better look, "Who's it for?" The son of Apollo grumbled at the small crease on the tape and tried to peel it off again, "Just—wait— don't distract me." "You do know you're the son of a god who's all artistic, right?" Lou Ellen tried to hold back her smile as she saw the crooked cutting of the wrapper, "How can you be having a hard time gift-wrapping?" "First of all; he's the god of music, poetry, archery, healing, prophecy, etc.— not the god of gift-wrapping!" Will said in exasperation as he dropped the half-wrapped gift, "And second; if I can't have those archery skills or musical talent, what chances do I actually get in having the skills in gift-wrapping?" "Awe, come on. It's not that bad—hey wait—" The daughter of Hecate narrowed her eyes down at the cloth that was sticking out of the wrapper, "Is that—" She made a dramatic gasp as she looked at the boy in front of him with wide eyes, "Is that the beach towel you've been knitting the past few months?!" Will was now as red as Rudolph's nose, "It's not a beach towel!" He grabbed the item away from her view, "It's a scarf!" "Dude, it was wide like a towel—" "Most scarves are!" "And you're actually planning to give that to Nico?" If possible, Will got redder but Lou Ellen did not pay him any mind. Of course, she (and pretty much everyone else in camp) was aware that there was a bit of chemistry between the two. So she really didn't need Sherlock Holmes to figure out to whom the present was for, "Will, it's baby pink." "Not all of it…" "Are you talking about the yellow and green polka dots?" Lou Ellen rubbed her temples as she practically remembered catching a glimpse of the hideous clothing. "He's always wearing black !" He then shrugged, trying to act nonchalant as he went back to his wrapping, but he was obviously still blushing, "I just thought a bit of color would be… nice." Lou Ellen stared at the wrapper that had small creases and tiny rips at the side, then back to the baby-pink scarf before asking, "Are you sure you're not adopted?" "HEY!" "Will! WILL!" Both demigods looked up at the distressed voice they heard and saw Piper running towards them, looking really frantic. This made them frown in worry. "We have an emergency." She panted as she stopped in front of them. "What? Did the Hephaestus cabin tried to make a snowball machine again?" He remembered last week's incident where almost all the campers that got hit by the machine always ended up with nasty bruises and bleeding noses. The Hephaestus kids really took the challenge of the Ares cabin a little too seriously. "No. it's not." She bit her lower lip in worry, and her multi-colored eyes landed on his pale blue ones. A sudden spark ran up his spine that immediately got him to his feet when the demigod continued, "It's Nico." Will practically barged in the infirmary, wasting no time taking off his scarf and coat. He pulled off his beanie as he asked a nearby healer where the son of Hades was. He was immediately led towards the demigod and was then told about what happened, "They said they found him outside, just lying on the snow. He was freezing cold when Percy and the others brought him here. We covered him in thick blankets, trying to warm him up as much as possible but not too sudden—apparently he had a mild case of hypothermia, but so far he's doing fine." Will was relieved at that, "So he's okay now, right?" The way his sibling wasn't looking at him in the eye told him otherwise, "Kind of…?" "What's wrong?" He immediately demanded. "We can't seem to wake him up." Will didn't really listen to his next explanation as he quickly headed towards the bed lined last and pulled the curtain to the side. Percy and Annabeth stood by the bedside and they seemed to be in a deep conversation before stopping as Will suddenly appeared. He didn't mind them as his eyes immediately landed on the son of Hades who was unconscious. His skin was as pale as it ever was and his raven hair stuck out from all the thick, plain sheets that covered him. He took his position next to him and quickly put a hand over his head. He noticed he was a little cold as his hand slid to the side of the face of the unconscious demigod. "He seems to be okay." Will concluded, before looking up to his sibling, "Maybe he won't wake up because he's tired." "Actually…" Percy suddenly spoke, catching his attention, "I don't think that's the case." "What do you mean?" "He's been really unresponsive." Annabeth said, "And we think it's more than just exhaustion." "What?" Will did not like how they exchanged looks. "Seriously, it's like Nico's in a coma." Percy's frown deepened. "If he were just unconscious, he should've woken up by now. Or at least gave us a sign or any response… but he didn't." "So what are you saying?" Then Will's eyes widened, "Did he hit his head?" He was just about to check his head but Annabeth stopped him, "No. We think… that someone did this." "What…?" Then there were rushed footsteps behind him, and Jason and Piper appeared behind him, looking a little winded. The son of Jupiter pushed his glasses up his nose as he turned to Percy than Will, "What happened? Is he okay?" "He is." Will frowned as he turned to Percy and Annabeth, "At least I think so…" Annabeth turned to Piper and nodded to her, "Where did you exactly find Nico before you called for help?" Then Piper's eyes widened in understanding, "Just outside… Cabin fifteen." Clovis shifted uncomfortably on his bed as Will, Annabeth and Jason stood around him. For once he didn't look like he was in the verge of sleeping as his eyes darted back and forth, "I swear, it wasn't on purpose." "What exactly happened?" Will demanded while looking really worried, "What did you do to Nico?" He sighed deeply, "We didn't do anything to him. It was just one of our traps." "You have traps?" Annabeth raised an eyebrow at this. "Just recently…" He said looking guilty and at the same time annoyed, "The Stoll brothers kept making these pranks in our cabin, attaching annoying blow horns everywhere… so one thing led to another, we attached some sleeping powder by the door—and well, I wasn't expecting a visit from anyone else other than them." "Then what if it were other demigods that came? To inform you about meetings?" Jason asked looking at him in disbelief. "Look—It's nothing serious!" Clovis defended, "He's just trapped in a deep sleep." "Nico almost froze to death outside." Annabeth crossed her arms. "It wasn't supposed to be him…" "Then do something!" Will insisted as he gestured to the door, "Try to reverse the spell! He can't sleep forever!" "He won't." Clovis fingered his blanket, "And I can't reverse it. It's not a spell. It's just sleeping powder . Technically, we just have to wait until the effects wear off and Nico will wake up." "And how long will that be?" "Just three days." Relief immediately settled on them, all except for Will who was devastated to hear this. Christmas was within two days, and apparently, he was looking forward to spending the holidays with the son of Hades for the first time—which was apparently the reason why he decided to stay in camp instead of going back home. He immediately noticed Annabeth observing him. The daughter of Athena then tore her gaze from him and asked, "Isn't there any other way to wake him up than just waiting for three days?" "You could try shocking him awake." Jason frowned, "You mean electrocute him?" "No. I mean surprise him… try to shock him into waking up." Clovis suggested, "It's usually the basic thing to do and it never fails." "And how exactly will we be able to do that when he's in a really deep sleep?" Percy asked as he looked back at Nico, "The dude is practically in a coma!" Jason shrugged, "We could just wait for those three days. At least now we're sure nothing's wrong with him." "So I'm guessing we're just gonna attach an IV on him…?" Piper didn't look too happy about the whole thing. "Afraid so." Annabeth sighed before mumbling some Greek curses, "And it's bad enough he's already skin and bones." Will didn't say anything. Instead, he just stared at the ghost king, trying not to look upset than how he already felt. Two days until Christmas, and he already had the whole thing planned out. Invite Nico to a snow ball fight or some ice skating, then take him out to the city to go watch some movies or shop (the monsters he could care less; it had been five months of no monster activity—and thank gods!) And finally, take him to a special spot where they can watch the fireworks the Athena and Hecate Cabin had planned, which was definitely something to look forward to (Seriously, Hecate and Athena? The results will either be stupendous or devastating) and give him his hand-made gift. Of course, that wasn't really the main event. To Will, it would be during the time when he tries to finally establish whatever was between him and Nico. For five months, they've been beating around the bush. Sometimes it was like they were the best of friends. But sometimes, it was like there was more . And if it was possible, Will hoped there was more to it than just ending up being friend-zoned. And he also hoped he could manage to steal a kiss from the son of Hades if he ever confirms that they were more than just friends. Of course, he remembered that Nico was not the touchy-feely type. That's why he had to steal the kiss. If Nico ever got mad or embarrassed, he could handle either one (or both). After all, that's where his five months of training would be put in use! "Will, you alright?" He snapped out of his reverie and turned to look at Piper who was frowning at him in worry, "Uhm, yeah! Of course I am!" "You seemed to be deep in your thoughts." Jason commented before tilting his head to Nico, "Shouldn't you be preparing his IV? Seems like we'll be waiting for three days 'til he wakes up." Will didn't want to. Because he was