AN: Congrats to GeezerWench for being my winning bidder in the recent Tricky Raven Author/Artist One-Shot Auction. The request was for a Bella/Paul story, using the Jason Aldean song, "When She Says Baby", and with the favorite line out of the song as "No matter what comes, ain't goin' nowhere." GW: here you go…and thanks for being patient and understanding when I didn't have this finished by the official deadline. My abject apologies for being a whole month late submitting this, and I hope this long one-shot meets with your approval. For the longest time the muse just wasn't giving me anything (not that life was giving me the time to percolate ideas anyway), but I finally managed to punch this out. Thanks to mc7575 for being my sounding board and giving me the jump start I needed. xxxxxxxxxxxxx Narrator POV For all that the tribal elders liked to talk about what an honor it was to become a protector—i.e. a werewolf—Paul Lahote thought it was nothing more than a pile of manure. Always focused on duty, on guarding people who knew nothing about them—who called them a gang or a cult in whispers that the pack heard only too well. The dark looks from those who didn't know the evil that lurked beyond the one square mile patch of earth the tribe owned. Evil that lived only sixteen or so miles away, in a mansion north of Forks. The elders talked the talk, but not a single one of them had ever walked the walk. None had ever been a protector, and there had been times when Paul had bitten the inside of his mouth bloody to keep from mouthing off to the council about that very lack of firsthand knowledge and how they were talking out their asses trying to pretend they knew anything of what the pack was really going through. Growth spurts that should have taken years—if they could possibly happen at all to a normal person—occurring in the span of days and weeks. The shift from looking like an average teen to someone who appeared to be years past the need to be carded at the liquor store—an alien face staring back out of the bathroom mirror. The whispers in the community about them taking drugs or steroids, even after they'd run the dealers of that crap out of town. The threats from parents—at least for those wolves who had them—of being grounded for sneaking out and skipping school; heaven forbid that the council released the death-grip they held on information by telling the parents anything. Paul didn't have to worry about that, really. His mom had taken off before he'd finished elementary school, and his dad had moved the two of them back to the ancestral homeland, left his son to fend for himself, and proceeded to drown his sorrows in the bottle. It ought to have been any boy's dream: going where he wanted, when he wanted, doing what he wanted, and his parent not caring one bit. But…more than once, in the dark vault of his mind, Paul had wanted 'it': two parents who loved him and cared about him, who'd raise holy hell if he was thirty seconds late for curfew, nagged him to eat his fruits and vegetables, and kept him in line. Sam had his mom and Jared had both parents; Paul only had himself, the child who neither parent wanted to be responsible for, and he'd naturally come to believe that everything that had gone wrong was his fault. But to compensate the wolves for their new lives of secrecy, the gods had seen fit to give them a 'blessing': an imprint—a girl who would be their soul's perfect match, the mother of their children, their source of comfort and peace. Sam had found his imprint soon after regaining his human form following his first phase. Sam's imprint, Emily, was the cousin and best friend of his then-girlfriend, Leah. Personally, Paul thought that there was something messed up about that little triangle, but he kept those thoughts firmly to himself. Jared's imprint, Kim, had been sitting next to him in class for years without him really noticing her—their last names being sequential in the alphabetical seating chart—but he'd bonded to her on his first day back at school post-phase. Paul didn't like the idea that he could one day be tied to a girl for life—whether a total stranger or else someone he'd known all his life and never been interested in. But while he publicly relished his strings-free social life and the ability to sleep with any girl he wanted or who wanted him—and many did—at the same time, he was secretly jealous of his brethren. Envy for the care that the two girls lavished on their wolves had him regretting his own lack in that regard. But he was so screwed up inside that he probably wouldn't know what to do with a girl as considerate and thoughtful as Emily and Kim were, and whoever-she-might-be didn't deserve to be saddled with him, either, so they were both better off never meeting. xxxxxxxxxxxxx Bella Swan moved through her new daily routine and wondered yet again if she'd made the right decision in moving to the tiny town of Forks, Washington, where her dad had been born and raised, and where she'd also been born. Her initial residence in Forks had been brief, courtesy of her parents' divorce less than three years after they'd married. Bella and her mother Renee had had a migratory lifestyle in the years since then, moving to a new city that caught the mother's eye and staying until someplace else glittered brighter. It was still Renee's modus operandi, only now her traveling was tied to a new and younger husband who made his living as a minor league baseball player. Whether intentional on their parts or not, Bella had quickly come to feel she was in the way and a hindrance to newlywed bliss. So she'd volunteered to move to Forks to finish high school, living with the father she only vaguely remembered and had rarely visited. Her transition to a new school had been as bad as any introvert could possibly fear. She'd shifted to a small town high school only a quarter the size of her old urban one, been forced by every teacher to stand up in front of each classroom and introduce herself, was mobbed by a crowd of eager students volunteering to show her around the disjointed campus to her classes and guide her through the lunch line, or connect her with the "in" crowd and best parties. It was overwhelming and annoying being the shiny new toy that everyone wanted. And then there had been Edward Cullen… Bella had noticed him and his family in the cafeteria her first day at Forks High. They were albino-pale and freakishly gorgeous—even the guys. Jessica Stanley had told her that the five teens were the adopted children of a local doctor and his wife, and that four of them were paired up as official couples. Edward was the odd man out and even though pretty much every girl in school would have loved to change that for him—according to Jessica—he was never interested. Well, for never giving the girls here a second glance, he'd sure stared at her all through lunch, which was beyond freaky and made her skin crawl. Then, to top it off, the only empty seat in Biology right afterward had been next to him. He'd scooted as far away from Bella as possible, and if it weren't impossible, she'd have sworn he didn't breathe the entire time; but it was impossible, and she knew she didn't stink. She'd seen him in the school office right after school, trying to change his schedule, and then…he'd just disappeared. The parents and other four siblings were still there, but Edward was gone. The story started circulating that he'd gone to live with a cousin's family up in Alaska. Bella didn't give him a second thought, though. Being the center of attention for the school at large had been one thing; Edward Cullen had made her feel like the guest antelope at a lion pride's reunion picnic. She'd had plenty of other things to think about before long, anyway. The small group of students she'd truly befriended—Jessica, Angela, Lauren, Mike, Ben, and Eric—had invited her down to First Beach at the La Push Reservation—home of the Quileute tribe. Bella's dad had been friends with several of the tribal leaders—including the chief, Billy Black—since forever, and so Bella had been dragged to La Push many times on her long-ago summer visits, to play with Billy's three kids, Rebecca, Rachel, and Jacob, while their dads went fishing. xxxxxxxxxxxxx Bella POV I'd forgotten how wildly beautiful La Push could be. Smooth sandy beaches stretched along the coast, with a few cliffs rising up a hundred feet and more into the sky. Tide pools among the rocks offered chances to view the sealife without getting totally wet. And I got a chance to renew an old friendship. "So is it weird being back?" Jacob Black asked me. I shrugged, and kicked at a half-buried piece of driftwood with the toe of my sneaker. "I don't know. I guess, maybe. Charlie and I are getting acclimated to one another—and how pathetic is it that my own father and I have to get acclimated to each other? But it's okay. School is finally settling down, thank goodness." "Center of attention, huh?" he quipped. "Completely. But I've got some friends now, and they're helping keep the wolves at bay." "Good luck with that," a new voice spoke behind me. I spun around to see that two more guys about the same age as Jake had approached us. "Bella, these are my two best friends: Quil Ateara and Embry Call. Guys, this is Bella Swan. She's Charlie's daughter and just moved back to Forks." Embry just gave a shy wave, without saying anything. Quil-I could tell from just his grin, wink, and brow lift-was a born flirt. Jake guided us toward a massive driftwood log and all of us found fairly comfortable spots to sit on and lean against. "Liking Forks so far, Bella?" Quil asked. "I suppose so. Better now that Edward Cullen moved away. That guy was creepy." My statement got everyone's attention. "Cullen?" "Yeah," and I shared the lowlights of that one weird day. "Yeah, that family does seem kinda strange. All adopted, paired off, pale as ghosts…weird. My dad doesn't like them, but I don't know for sure why. He won't go to the Forks hospital now that the doc works there, and doesn't want the tribe going, either," Jake said. "They don't come here, either." "Weird is like the smell of your gym locker," Embry told Quil, and the conversation rapidly degenerated into a contest of telling the strangest stories. "If you want strange," Jake reclaimed the speaker's role, "then you want to believe the stories my dad tells at the tribal bonfires." "You mean how we're supposed to be descended from wolves?" Quil asked. "Yeah." "Descended from wolves?" I couldn't believe that. "That's the story," Jake confirmed. And he started telling us—or maybe it was just me—the stories: an ancient chief; spirit warriors who could share a wolf's body and their mission to destroy their enemies, the Cold Ones. A chill I couldn't explain ran the length of my spine, and I put it down to Jake being just as good a storyteller as I vaguely remembered his dad to be. I'd completely lost track of time when my new school friends found us. "Bella?" It was Angela. "It's getting late, and we're starting to pack up. Are you coming back with us?" "Stay," begged Jake. "I can't," I demurred. "Charlie's expecting me home for dinner, and I don't want to put him out to make a special trip from town just