Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter Universe. Olivier: pronounced= (O-live-EE-air) Enjoy. "Ms. Granger…" there was a pause, "Hermione?" The bodiless, raised, voice of Hermione Granger's secretary, Olivier Nott, made the zoned out witch jump. Clearing her throat, Hermione pressed the magically inclined communication device, "Yes, Olivier?" "Unc-um ah-the Healer from St. Mungo's is here for your one o'clock appointment" Hermione's eyebrows raised with surprise. It's one already…where did the time go? The clock on the wall across from Hermione read exactly one o'clock. "Ah, right. Thank you, Olivier. Send her in would you" Hermione straightened some skewed papers on her worn desk. Thinking about how long it had been since she had started the job some years ago. After the war, funerals, trials, and grieving, Hermione returned to Hogwarts to sit her N.E.W.T.S. then proceeded to apply for a few Ministry jobs, while working in an apothecary in Diagon Alley. She had been renting a flat with her co-worker, Lisa, a fiery young witch only two years Hermione's junior. After about three years of working for the apothecary. Her boss, a kind, extremely tall, and broad shouldered older gentleman: Mr. Benjamin. Told Hermione countless times that she should dive deep in her thirst for knowledge and study potions, since the young woman had been helping her boss brew stock since she had started the job and had quite a knowledge and skill in potions, reaching quite farther than his own. Hermione smiled warmly at the memory. It was Christmas Eve, Ben had came into the shop, back from a trip to France; a box in one hand and a large sealed letter in the other. Gifting both his favorite girls with their presents. The old man smiled as they both tore into the paper. Lisa gasped at the gorgeous gown, shoes, and lavish perfume inside the box. "Oh, Ben! Thank you so much!" the young girl had jumped at the smiling man, hugging him fiercely. Laughing Ben returned the hug, "you're welcome, love. I thought you'd need something to wear to the Ministry's Christmas ball. I understand how tight things have been with your parents, but the perfume is from Vouvant, it was Mirri's favorite. I thought you might like it" " Truly, thank you so much" Lisa said. Looking to Hermione who had barely said a thing. " Hermione?" when the girl in question did not respond, only stood leaning against the front counter, mouth agape. "Benjamin, what in Merlin's pants did you get her?" " He-he...got me an apprenticeship with Professor Frances Gars, he's a renowned potion's master. " Hermione's eyes were large as saucers. " Thank you" Hermione snapped out of her trants, and gave her loving-boss a hug. "How-how did you pull this off Ben?" " Oh! Gars and I go way back! I actually roomed with him back in school. I use to visit a lot more, but I hadn't in awhile, so while I was over in Vouvant I stayed with him. He said it'd be a real honor to work with a witch of your knowledge and skill Hermione. All you have to do is quill him back an answer and he'll send you the details. I take it you like the necklace as well?" Blushing Hermione nodded enthusiastically and thanked Ben once more before Lisa helped clasp the silver locket around her neck. After the girls gave their gifts to Ben and each other, they adjourned upstairs to Ben's flat and ate Christmas Eve dinner. Hermione had written to Professor Gars, accepting the apprenticeship in France for four years. When Hermione had returned to England, she applied for a handful of Ministry jobs, was hired by her current department, and now the brightest witch of her generation held the title of Under Head of the Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes, the potions department. Now, six years later, here she sat behind her old wooden desk playing with the silver locket, Lisa Nott's son as her secretary, and Draco Malfoy propped arrogantly against her doorframe, a hand tucked away in his pocket the other holding a stack of files, and his normal lazy smirk formed by his lips. "Hermione, it's been awhile" pushing his body away from the door, letting it shut behind him. Hermione nodded, standing and gestured to the two chaired option in front of her desk, "Please, have a seat Healer Malfoy" Draco only smirked once more. "Such formalities Ms. Granger, I thought we were past that. Or are we not, Hermione?" hearing her given name from Draco Malfoy's lips sounded just as foreign to her, as it tasted on Draco's tongue. Hermione only pursed her lips as Draco chuckled to himself. "Anyway I'm here to bring you the special cases' files" following his words the former Slytherin placed the stack on the front of Hermione's desk scooting the guest chair closer to her, "I'll be the new envoy for St. Mungo's with this department for the time being" Hermione's eyebrows scrunched in confusion. "What happened to Mrs. Stanford?" "Annie got promoted, it's good on her, she worked her arse off for that position" Draco smiled proudly. "So I'm presuming you know her well?" "Yes, actually. She is the witch that I trained under in the States, and who got me a position back here at Mongos when she transferred to the London branch" "Really?" Hermione's voice came off a little more breathy than she had wanted. "Well don't sound so surprised, Hermione" "Sorry, it's just-well I'm really glad your doing good, Malfoy" Draco put up his hand to halt his former classmate. "Draco-Please. Call me Draco, you'd better get use to seeing me around" flashing Hermione a dazzling pearly-white smile. Hermione just shook her head and smiled bemused at the blonde across from her, it reminded her of the first time they encountered after the war. It had been a while since they had seen each other. It was at Lisa and Theo's house, a large cottage West of the city, where they were having a gathering for the Christmas Ball the Nott's threw every year since their relationship began. Benjamin had been there, Hermione, Lisa, Theo, little Olivier, Lisa's parents along with her two young brothers, Blaise Zabini, Adrian Pucey, and a few others Hermione hadn't recognized. She was a lion in a snake's pit, but to her surprise all of the individuals she should have felt uncomfortable around, were quite charming and kind, except for Draco Malfoy. She hadn't seen either Malfoy since their trials, which they were both pardoned. Narcissa mainly off the fact she lied to Voldemort about Harry's death making it possible for Harry to take out said Dark wizard. Draco was pardoned by the skin of his teeth after several individuals pleaded his case and left having paid a large fine and sentenced to several years on house arrest. This particular snake had been aloof and basically avoided Hermione, which she couldn't figure out if she should be relieved or insulted by. His mates seemed to have no problem with her, even his mother had held a in depth conversation about the change in the ministry's evolution the last few years over a glass of wine. Hermione's eyes had followed Draco that night, as he paced around, occasionally chatting with someone or picking up the Notts' adopted son, six year old Olivier, then proceeded to play with him. " He feels guilty" Hermione's eyes snapped back to the aging face of Narcissa Malfoy. " Pardon?" Mrs. Malfoy only laughed at Hermione's expense. " Ms. Granger-May I call you Hermione?" at Hermione's nodd Narcissa continued, "My son, after the war, and Lucius...being sent away...well he kind of hid himself, more than usual, mind you. He...I don't know what he's thinking, he won't talk to me, and just-I-I'm so lost Hermione. I can't lose both the men I love, I just can't" Hermione put her arm around Narcissa's shoulder, feeling sympathy for the frail looking woman. " Narcissa, would you like to relocate to another room, perhaps?" the emotional woman straightened, her face concealed, unshed tears in her eyes. " No dear, I am Perfectly fine. Thank you" Hermione nodded and moved her arm from around Narcissa while taking a step back...into a solid mass, making Hermione jump, tripping over the thick persian rug. The mass, she had bumped into, caught her at her shoulders keeping the frazzled witch on her feet. " Granger, I request politely that you do not hex me in my best mate's home" Spinning around Hermione faced the person, coming nose to sternum with one Draco Malfoy. She was confused. As if reading her mind Draco reached down to Hermione's right hand and gently lifted the offending limb by her wrist. Malfoy never took his gaze off his mother. Hermione hadn't even knowticed she had been gripping her wand, vice-like. "Oh" tucking her wand back inside it's holster in the left sleeve of her dress. " Are you alright mother?" Draco concern was evident in his tone. Stepping around Hermione, the tallest of the trio put his arm around his mother as if she needed physical support. Narcissa just brushed her son off. " I'm fine, dear. Truly" Draco looked hesitant but gave her the benefit of the doubt, "anyways you two shouldn't be here working yourselves into a tissy. This is a time for cheer! Go! Dance! Please, I insist" Hermione took a long dreg from her flute while Draco found the haunting portrait of Mr. Gaylen Nott Sr., Theo's distant elder, vastly captivating. Narcissa's quirked eyebrow and pursed lips. She waited expectantly. Neither youth moved. Both looking away from each other awkwardly. " Oh for founders sakes, Draco! Ask the pretty lady properly. I know I raised you right in this respect!" Draco straightened and put on his most debonair persona. Draco extended his hand out toward Hermione for the gobsmacked witch to take. Silently, the lioness nodded her head and accepted the lemon-haired boy's hand. Approaching the dance floor both individuals remained silent, as well as through two additional dances. Finally Draco broke the silence. "You're quite a dancer" Hermione was shocked but laughed lightly, good naturally of course. "Thank you, Malfoy. I had to learn for the yule ball. Wouldn't want to make a ninny of myself; now would I" Draco smiled reminiscently. "No. We can't have the brightest witch of our age making a ninny of herself and her school" they both laughed. "The ball was fun, one of my more fonder moments from Hogwarts" "Well you did look quite beautiful" Draco's honest remark made the shorter woman blush and shake her curly mane in disbelief. "Thank you, but I highly doubt the fourth-year Malfoy shared your sentiments" Draco twirled Hermione before bringing her back into hold, "On the contrary, I'm man enough now to admit my younger self was quite jealous of dear ol' Krum." "Malfoy, stop! You're just trying to get a rise out of me. You could not be jealous of Viktor." Hermione rolled her eyes as Draco continued twirl them around the dancefloor, avoiding the other moving couples with a practiced ease. "Me? Trying to get a rise out of the Gryffindor Princess? Never!" both laughed once more. Hermione realized she actually enjoyed talking to the grown up Malfoy. "And my younger self was quite jealous along with every heterosexual male in that great hall. You dazzled that night. Very much like you do, once again tonight, Ms. Granger" Hermione blushed once more. She seemed to be doing a lot of that this night. Hermione did feel beautiful. She was in a lovely long white wrap dress that clung to her curves, accentuated her womanly figure. Adorning her feet were dark red strappy stiletto heels. Her long, deep brown curls hanging naturally. Her lips were painted a deep red to match her shoes, simple black eyeliner and mascara accented her eyes, and the silver locket that Ben had