Harry paced up and down his room. His hands were slippery from sweat and his heart was pounding in his chest. The dead were alive and haunting the very Earth he lived upon. When the news about the outbreak happened he thought it would be a simple task to deal with seeing as he lived in a world that had magic. It was not as easy as he or almost anyone else had expected. He re-read the letter Hermione had returned to him by owl an hour or so ago. We are on our way Harry. Stay indoors and do not turn your lights on. We will let ourselves in. - Love Hermione. He folded the letter and tucked it in his back pocket. He was coming to terms with the situation mentally, but logically he could not get his head around it. Zombies – like what he had watched on television – were infecting the world and rapidly breaking down society. It was the 31st of August and the next year of Hogwarts was supposed to be starting from tomorrow. He had not received an owl notifying him whether the school would be open, but regardless he was still planning on travelling there. The huge walls, magical barriers and of course Dumbledore, were factors that gave him strong encouragement of the buildings safety. His aunt and uncle left with Dudley down to the countryside, they were going to take him but he refused. Without much argument they left in Vernon's estate. Something clicked downstairs, Harry took his wand from his back pocket and sneaked up to his door. It was rather difficult to see, he had made sure all of his lights were off as according to Hermione in recent letters sent back and forth, the light could attract the dead. Casting lumos was tempting, but perhaps a deathtrap, so he did not. He crept into the dark hallway and peered down the stairs. What sounded like one of his aunts prized china plates fell and smashed, he jumped at the sudden sound and dropped his wand which fell from the banisters to the carpet at the bottom. It was too dark to see where it had landed entirely. 'Idiot!' somebody hissed from the kitchen. 'Well you won't let me use my eyes!' came another frightened voice. 'Be quiet! Harry? Harry?' the voice called twice. Harry now realised that it must have been Hermione and Ron. 'I'm up here,' Harry said as he carefully made his way down the stairs. They found each other in the hallway, Hermione hugged him and Ron nodded. It was almost cartoon-like. He could only really make out the vagueness of their eyes or their faces when they got close enough. 'Sorry about the dish smashing, mate,' Ron said. 'Don't worry about it, my aunt doesn't even use them anyway,' Harry said as he picked up his wand that he found accidentally with his feet. 'Where are the others?' Harry asked, noticing that nobody else was speaking. 'Well, we thought we'd come for you first because you said you were on your own, we were going to head for Luna after you,' Hermione said. There was a drop of venom in the way she said Luna, but he didn't want to ask why. 'Harry was you outside a moment ago?' Ron asked. 'No I've been in my room, why?' 'Well the front doors not shut.' Harry turned and saw the front door was indeed not shut. It was open by an inch and the smallest slither of light from a street lamp was creeping in. 'Well maybe your uncle forgot to close it when he left?' Hermione suggested as she went past Harry to close it shut. 'No … they left a few days ago. Didn't you guys come in this way?' Harry asked. There was a growing fear spreading in the hallway now. 'No we used the garden door, it's easier to be spotted in the street right now,' Ron said. There was a moments silence, Hermione stood frozen with her back to the door, Ron leaning against the wall to Harry's old room under the stairs and Harry thinking of any reason for the front door to be open. 'I think we need to go,' Harry whispered. 'Yes,' they both said together. 'I'll go get a few things and be back down.' 'Be careful Harry,' Hermione warned shakily. Harry sneaked back up stairs with his wand at the ready, it was easily possible that something could be in the home at this very moment that wanted to eat his flesh. A sense of urgency was surging now through his veins. He re-entered his room and hastily searched for items he wanted close at hand. It was easier to see in here as the lamp posts outside and the moonlight illuminated his room. He took a backpack and threw in his invisibility cloak, a framed photograph of his mother and father dancing and a change of clothes. His backpack was bulging a little and so he decided it was time to head back down. He continued with great caution until he was back with his friends. 'Alright, so we're going to Luna?' Harry asked, heaving the bag onto his shoulders. There was no response, but he could hear them breathing and feel them close. 'What is it?' he whispered. 'We can hear something in the living room,' Ron breathed. 'I think it's one of them ,' Hermione murmured. 'Alright … alright, so how do we attack it if it is?' Harry said quietly, taking his wand out once more and slowly approaching the living room. 'I don't know,' Hermione said in a low voice, 'I have never attacked one before.' 'Well if it is one and magic doesn't work we can just run, right?' Ron's voice wobbled. 'Yes, if we run then head for the way you came in, but let's see who it is first, lumos! ' Harry said, lighting up the living room with the tip of his wand. Suddenly in his peripheral vision he could see Ron and Hermione standing by his side with their wands poked into the living room. 'Rrrghhh,' something gargled. It sounded quite like a zombie growling in a movie and so Harry was already becoming greatly alert. A black figure made out by Harry's light was hunching over at the fireplace. It seemed to be staring at the unlit wood nestled together. 'Rrfh … RRGGGHH!' it suddenly cried, turning and charging at them. Harry fell back in shock, his light struck the face of their attacker for a second and what he saw was sickening. It's skin was purple and deflated, it's teeth were rotting and its gums looked as though they were bleeding. It was bald and split at the scalp in several areas to reveal short, black ravines in it's skull. 'AHH!' Hermione screamed and collapsed onto Harry. Her sudden weight was crushing and forced the wand from Harry's hand. The light died. ' Stupify! ' Ron cried, a red beam appeared in the abyss and spread across the body that was so very close to lunging onto Harry and Hermione. It sent the zombie flying back into the living room and smashing against the wall. Something fell with him and cracked. Hermione fumbled on top of Harry to get up, the softness of her lips swiftly caressed his as she blindly got to her feet and made his face light up. She went a vibrant shade of pink and turned from them both. It was lucky that there were no light in the hallway for either of them to see each others embarrassment. 'Nice shot, Ron,' Harry said quickly retrieving his wand and readjusting his glasses before he regained his feet in an attempt to play off his and Hermione's brief contact. 'Yea, bloody hell … I can't believe what's happening,' Ron said. ' L-lumos ,' Hermione said after a few moments of silence, casting a great light into the living room. The zombie appeared to have hit the wall above the fireplace pretty hard. It left a big black bloodstain against the portrait that hung there and was lying with an oddly shaped skull by the sofa. 'Well at least magic seems to be effective, have you been practising Ron?' Harry asked. Ron beamed, 'I was practising on the garden gnomes earlier this summer before everything started happening, it's lucky I did.' 'We need to get going,' Hermione said, 'come on, there's a portkey outside.' Using the light from Hermione's wand they carefully tread around the china Ron had obliterated and made their way into the garden. The air was cool and soothing and the stars were out. Hermione killed the light protruding from her wand as the moonlight was sufficient enough now. In the middle of the garden near Petunia's flower pots was a ruined box. The colours were drained from rainwater but it appeared to be a classic Monopoly box. What was supposed to be red was pink and what was originally white was a filthy grey that sunk in the middle region. 'Alright, we'll head back to the Burrow then and how are we going to get to Luna? Where is she?' Harry asked, as they gathered around the battered board game. Hermione looked away over the neighbours fence and gave a small sigh. It was sassy and curious, but again Harry didn't dare ask her where this attitude from mention of Luna was coming from. 'Er...' Ron hummed, scratching the back of his head and looking down at the portkey. 'Let's just get back to the Burrow first where it's safe and we can talk about that later,' Hermione said, turning fast enough for her hair to swing behind her. They each grabbed a corner of the board. Harry suddenly felt the swirling and almost sickening sensation he felt when he first used a portkey. Because it was less of a shock this time as to what was occurring, he supposed as he spun through the magical tornado that portkeys weren't so bad after all. They all slipped away and landed by the side of the blue car Harry and Ron had used in their second year to get to Hogwarts. The car was polished and repaired now after it's fight with nature in the Forbidden Forest. It was a very peculiar story on how it returned to the Weasley family after developing a mind of its own in the forest. 'Ugh, hate those things,' Ron moaned. They got to their feet and followed Ron inside the house. It was warm inside and the light was a shock to Harry's pupils. It was alarming, actually. 'Why do you have your lights on? Isn't it making this place a target?' Harry asked. 'No, we are using Kilfizz powder to light the place up,' Ron said proudly. 'What's Kilfizz?' Harry asked with great confusion. 'It's Weasley product,' Hermione sighed, 'but Fred and George seem to have actually got this right.' 'They have,' Ron agreed as he fixed Harry some butterbeer in the kitchen, 'they were testing it on a zombie earlier this week, right, and-' '-don't say that Ronald!' Hermione snapped before sipping some of the butterbeer he made her. 'What?' Ron said fearfully as he quickly looked at Harry for help. 'Don't call them that, they're deceased people...' Hermione said. 'Oh come on Hermione they're called zombies. You've probably watched the same movies I have since we grew up as muggles.' Harry said in support of Ron. 'Yea and even I know that,' Ron said. Hermione glowered and then closed her eyes to let the storm settle. Ron and Harry shared a nervous look. 'Sorry, I'm just getting tense about the whole scenario. I don't like not knowing what is happening, I don't like the idea that it seems nobody is doing anything about it and I most definitely don't like us getting people together without a plan,'