(crossposted from AO3) As usual, new fandom, new warning: english is certainly not my mother tongue, so I make mistakes. No one does beta my works. I'm not immune to typing errors. I try to avoid doing grammar atrocities. But I'm french. Not english or anything else. I do what I can. I hope it's not too bad. That being said, I hope you can still enjoy this story. Summary 1.0: Not to be willing to use it does not mean one is not able to use it. As a matter of fact, Sirius knew he was gifted concerning it. It wasn't by chance that his family was called Black. But he had long decided he would never use it again. That time was supposed to be the only exception. Summary 2.0: Sirius hadn't survived Bella killing him to kneel before the Dark Bastard. No, Sirius Black was alive and dangerous, clever and ireful, and slightly insane, of course. He was Lord Black, and he would stand in the way of Voldemort as long as someone would need him to. Summary 3.0: Or, the story in which Sirius survives the Department of Mysteries Battle, is freaking awesome and get a new chance at life. The one in which a sane Bellaterix is actually a kind of nice Bellatrix. The one in which a lot of people manage to stay alive, and some even weren't dead to begin with. The one in which some muggles are important too, and not complete assholes. The one in which Sirius falls in love with a woman who would almost make his mother happy. Oh, and I'm all for happy endings. But before the end, there might be suffering. Chapter 1: The Reciprocation curse He knew he had no time for that. Harry was out there, somewhere in the Department of Mysteries, with Death Eaters running around and trying to kill the kids, but well. He couldn't help it. After all, it was his wand, just here, behind the glass, waiting for him. His wand. The one he had purchased at Ollivanders the year he had gone to Hogwarts for the first time. The one that had been taken away from him after the Wormtail fiasco. The one that, curiously, the Ministry hadn't destroyed after his being thrown in Azkaban. It was there, waiting for him. Sirius took a deep breath. He really had no time for this, but he also felt that he couldn't, wouldn't be able to ignore the urge to take back what was his. Actually, dealing with it right now, instead of postponing and feeling guilty over the need he had to waste time with this when everyone else was fighting in the other rooms, might be a faster way to go back to business. After all, hexing and jinxing and occasionally cursing their ennemies would be easier with his own wand. Hell, he yearned for a Furnunculus curse on Bella. That would have been splendid. The wand he was using since his return to the Order wasn't exactly bad, but it wasn't his. It had never accepted him, because it was a discarded wand that Kingsley had found in some dubious place Sirius didn't want to know about. It was useful enough, considering that at least, this way, he had a wand, but it wasn't his in any way. Staying still, thinking he had no time for that, was another way to waste time, so he might as well waste it usefully. Sirius Black quickly looked at the room he had ended up in while fighting a now unconscious and tied up Death Eater. It was dark, as every place in the Department of Mysteries, it was small, also, and crowded with furniture of all sorts. Shelves, cupboards, closets, but also many other things such as a displayed skeleton. Who the hell had thought it was a good idea to put a skeleton on display? Surely someone from his family. That was so like them. Whatever. The only interesting thing for Sirius in this room, besides himself, of course, was the storage cabinet with the glass doors in front of him. There might have been wards preventing people from taking the wands that were kept in it, but he doubted it. It was, after all, in the middle of the Department of Mysteries. People weren't supposed to come in and wander around and finally take what they liked before leaving. So Sirius opened the cupboard. Nothing happened, which was a relief. His fingers brushed past the wands. Why they had been kept here, he didn't know. But the names on the plates next to each of the wands made it clear: the interest the Ministry had in these wands wasn't random. How his own wand had ended up here too was a mystery. Why, after all, would anyone think it deserved to be put away with dark mages' and some of the most unfamous wizards' wands? Even if they had believed him to be a mass murderer working for Voldepants, Sirius Black surely wasn't enough for the brains of the Department to wonder about him. He wasn't powerful enough, not dark enough, not... But they had believed he had murdered thirteen persons with one spell, so the evil criterion was checked. And he was powerful, if not outrageously strong as Dumbledore or Voldemort were. And he was a Black. So he totally could apply, with what they believed about his part in the last war, for the same consideration the wizards whose wands were put away in this room had. Powerful. Evil. Dangerous. Even while locked up in Azkaban. The plate "Sirius Black" was right next to the "Vitellius Travers" one, a dark wizard from two centuries prior, because wizards had this curious way of arranging things, but that wasn't the most ashaming part. Sirius winced when he saw the six other Black names that had deserved to be brought in here. Bellatrix, of course, and five of their ancestors. The Blacks were the only family name that came up more than thrice amongst the plates. Sirius seized his wand and left the room in haste, willing to forget that his family was definitely the most evil one of Great Britain, but not without hexing the unconscious Death Eater purple and yellow. He had thought that red and gold was a good idea too, since the man was most likely a Slytherin, but he wasn't going to sully Gryffindor with a filthy Death Eater wearing, even unwillingly, its colors. He opened a door and came back in the Death Chamber. Apparently, he hadn't wasted as much time thinking about whether or not he should take his wand back as he had believed, and things hadn't changed much. Moody, Bella, Remus, Malfoy, Kingsley, and the other Death Eaters or members of the Order of the Phoenix were still battling each other, the children had more or less succeeded in escaping the ones who were trying to take them hostages, and Harry was being reckless as always, cursing and fighting random Death Eaters to protect Hermione Granger who was uncouscious. Sirius took a deep breath, and turned around to stupefy an idiot who thought he could surprise him defenseless. Strangely, the Death Eater was sent flying across the room and crashed against a wall. That was a bit more than a simple stunning. Two Death Eaters, as well as Tonks, stopped fighting for a short while after seeing this, but their opponents quickly reminded them of the current battles. Remus, while knocking out his enemy, gave him a quick glance and recognized the wand. Contentment and resentment fought on his face, but he still had some masked bastards to incapacitate, so he decided to leave the scolding for later. Everything after that was fast. Sirius remembered fighting with Lucius Malfoy at some point, getting closer to Harry before being drawn into another fight, and then... He avoided a cruciatus curse and came face to face with a feminin lookalike. "Bella." "Sirius." It was uncomfortable how they looked like each other. He was a man, she was a woman, he had straight hair, she had curly hair, he was angry, she was mad. But they were too similar, with their slightly drooping grey eyes, their mass of ink black hair, their aristocratic elegance despite their poor post-Azkaban condition, their good looks. They were Blacks. "I see you got your wand back." Sirius cast a Knockback jinx powerful enough to blow off the stairs right behind his cousin. He frowned. His magic was behaving strangely since he had gotten his wand back. "I saw yours too, cousin dearest. But I won't tell you where." Bellatrix grunted and cast a blue spell that he shielded. "It's such a shame you're so adamant about siding with the Dark Lord. I know you, Sirius. Deep down, you're a Black. The Dark Arts are calling for you, as they are calling for me. Lucius told me you're still on the Wall of the Lords and your name wouldn't go off, even though the Ministry tried to have Narcissa take the Ladyship." This time it was Sirius who rumbled, clearly annoyed that magic considered him to be the one and only Lord of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black. He had no desire to be the Head of such a rotten family. "Remember how you used dark magic when you were only seve..." The wizard wouldn't bear it anymore. He didn't let her finish her sentence and went for a Reductor Curse that he half-hoped would blast his cousin into pieces. Then he heard shouting from where Harry was the last time he had checked, and his eyes searched for his godson. Unfortunately, Bellatrix had shielded his curse just in time, and, altough she seemed to have difficulties standing, she was still in one piece. "Time to go, cousin." Sirius turned around only to see a spell going for his chest. He let go of his wand. It wasn't the killing curse, obviously, or he'd have been dead. But his whole body was sent flying, and his destination was ominous enough for him to be sure he wouldn't survive it. The wizard deliberated faster than he had ever deliberated. The Veil was only inches behind him, he would soon pass the archway. He had no time. He had to make a choice. Sirius saw Harry being threatened by some unknown Death Eater, the kids struggling against some psychos, Tonks, Kinsgley, Moody battling fiercely, Remus running to Harry's location and glancing at him with horror, and Bella's maddening smile. Anger rose in his heart. He silenced it. She had it coming, didn't she? Quiet words went through his lips, and he fell behind the Veil. His shadow had left his body, and crawled to his cousin's, but no one saw it. No one noticed him casting a last spell before dying. It was for the best. Of course, all hell broke loose, and no one had time to notice. Bellatrix ran away singing about how she had killed her cousin. Harry went after her, tried a Cruciatus curse on her, and hell, Sirius could feel it, it wasn't nearly strong enough to even startle her. Then he saw, though he wasn't certain how he could see, but he saw nonetheless, Voldemort coming, and Dumbledore saving Harry. Everything was a bit blurry, so only anxiety and fear reached his mind, and then he saw Voldepants coming nearer, and grabbing him... well, Bella, before apparating away. Interesting how the Dark Bastard seemed to care for his cousin, even if he was clearly able to torture her on a whim. What was sure, Sirius thought, was that no one had understood he was still there, linked to Bellatrix's life, and more or less able to sense what she sensed. Soon enough, he'd have a body of his own too, or at least he hoped, since the Reciprocation curse wasn't usually used