I suppose it really all started when I was little. My father had returned home from Europe a few days before. He had been shooting a film called "Wilde" for which he was doing makeup. I was six and it was the first week of December. He had gotten all of his things put away and had rested up so he decided to take me out for a drive so we could spend some quality time together. I'm sure he really wanted to, but now I also realize it was probably so Mom could stay home and wrap some presents for us while we weren't there to see what she'd gotten us. I wouldn't be getting what I asked "Santa" for - a pony. My father liked to go to the empty parking lots in town and spin the car around doing donuts and sliding to check the brakes and wheels on the ice. It was some of the best fun I'd ever had in the winter. We finished swirling around one parking lot and then drove off to find the next one. We had done this every year as long as I could remember - which, of course, was maybe three years at the maximum. I had loved it. But that year ruined it. We were driving down the street to find the next lot. We were approaching a stop light and the light turned red. Dad braked, but we hit a patch of ice and he lost control of the car for a few moments. But a few moments was all it took. We slid out into the cross-traffic. A car hit us and others swerved out of the way as they tried to avoid the crash. I was screaming at the top of my lungs and clutching my seat belt before it was suddenly dark. I awoke to bright lights and the smell of anesthetics. I don't actually remember much about the hospital. I remember crying for "Daddy" and "Mommy", but only my mother was able to visit me. My father was in a hospital room down the hall. He had gotten a concussion when we hit another car. I had just screamed so much that I had passed out from lack of oxygen. I was released the same day I woke up. My father was in the hospital for a few days after that. The house was strange those few days, and Christmas was quiet that year. I never went with my father for those drives again. I was always hesitant to get into a car in the winter. I was afraid of the icy roads and I didn't want to get into another crash. I went when necessary, but you could not make me get in a car, during winter, when it was dark outside. Friends that invited us to Christmas parties always knew to expect me to stay the night or take some sleeping pills so I wouldn't be bothered by the drive home. I was six then. But "it" happened when I was thirteen. We had finally had our first freeze. Because of weather the last years, northern Indiana was expected to get our first snowfall the beginning of November. I thanked God that it waited until the beginning of December, even though it meant we'd have an icy New Year's. I was home baking cookies for the upcoming holiday when my parents came into the kitchen. "Alright, Kat," Mom said in her mixed, Italian-American accent, "we're heading out. Will you be alright by yourself for a while?" "Where are you guys going?" "For a drive," Dad answered. "We're going to check the brakes and tires. I don't suppose you want to come?" He was teasing, but my heart thumped faster at the thought, "Erm, no thanks. Besides, I was about to put some cookies in the oven." It was an obvious lie. I didn't even have the cookies cut out yet. But Mom and Dad let it slide; they knew how I felt about those rides. They left and I continued to make my cookies. They were sugar cookies. I cut out shapes from the dough and put them all on four different cookies sheets. I put sprinkles and sugar on some and waited to put a glaze or icing on others. But I never made only cookies. I made biscuits. Dog biscuits, to be exact. Of course, I always had to keep my dogs out of the kitchen because of this. I didn't want them to beg for dough or jump up on the table or anything. So I put two cookie pans and one dog treat pan in the oven before heading our into the living room. I closed the kitchen door and plopped down on my couch. Topaz and Ruby immediately jumped up with me and I turned on the TV. We were watching a Christmas special on ABC. It was some Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer movie. I don't remember which one, but I always liked the original best. I remember faintly hearing sirens pass my house as I went into the kitchen to take the baking sheets out of the oven and replace them with the other three. I went back into the living room and kept watching the movie. Sirens weren't uncommon on my street since we lived close to the hospital. I kept watching the movie and took the other cookies and biscuits out when they were finished. I glazed and frosted the few plain cookies and left them to set. I grabbed two of the cooled dog biscuits and gave one to Ruby and the other to Topaz. We continued to watch ABC for the rest of the afternoon. The sun began to come in through the east windows and I began to wonder over where my parents had gone. Topaz and Ruby were sitting on the couch and Onyx had come to join us. He sat on my lap as I lazily pet his ears. It had been a few hours since they had left. I thought nothing of it at first. Dad often had spontaneous urges to go for a long drive around the countryside. I couldn't blame him. The cornfields in our area looked beautiful with the snow covering the rolling hills. That was one of the only reasons I ever got into the car in winter: I loved the scenery. It was getting near supper time and I wondered if there was anything I could to to prep for dinner. I pulled my cell phone out of my back pocket and called Mom's cell phone. There was no answer the first time. I tried again. Still no answer. I became frustrated and tried again. This time there was an answer. 'Hello?' The voice was male and unfamiliar, so I answered carefully. "Hello. I was trying to get a hold of my mother," I began. "Did I dial a wrong number?" 'Depends,' was the answer. "On what?" 'Is your mother Valentina Scholz?' "Yes." My heart was pounding. There was silence for a bit and I held my breath. Why did some strange man have my mother's phone? 'I need to come get you, then.' "What?" I cried, frightening my animals and causing Onyx to jump off my lap. "Who are you?" 'I'm sorry. My name is Aaron Hayes. I'm with the police department. You need to come down to the station.' He stopped and his voice dropped its official tone. 'What's your name, hon?" "Kat," I squeaked. 'Alright, Kat. I just need you to come down to the station for a few official things.' "Why? What happened?" 'It wouldn't be ideal to say over the phone. I'll be there soon.' "How...?" 'We ran the license plate on the car. Don't worry.' With that, Officer Hayes hung up. I ended the call and sat there for a minute. I then hurried to grab my small purse. I put in my wallet, ten dollars, my house key, and my phone. I pulled on a jacket and waited for Officer Hayes to come and get me. I put the cookies and dog biscuits away as I waited. Ruby and Topaz followed me everywhere. I suppose they wondered why I was leaving and why I was so upset. I hated to think that something had happened. But what other explanation was there? I saw the police car drive up nearly fifteen minutes later. I hurried outside, locking the door behind me. It was a police officer and not some stalker, so I was glad. I got in the back of the car and Officer Hayes drove me downtown to the police station. I was shown to the sheriff's office. I was sat down in a chair in front of the desk and Officer Hayes left to tend to his duties. I sat there for a while, waiting for the sheriff to finally show up. Sheriff Monroe was a large man. He wasn't overweight or obese. But he was tall and broad. He scared me - had ever since I was a young girl. But as he walked into his office with a sad and soft expression on his face, my fear lessened a bit. He sat in his chair and folded his hands on top of his desk. He opened his mouth to speak but I beat him to it. "Why am I here and where are my parents?" I asked. Sheriff Monroe sighed, "You're here because I need to explain to you that you are going to be getting into some legal trouble." "And where are my parents?" "They're in the hospital." My heart stopped. I felt cold, like all the blood had left my veins. "What happened?" I whispered. "An oncoming car lost control and crashed into their front bumper." I wanted to cry. This was why I hated getting in cars during the winter. People lost control more easily on the icy roads. But I was glad for his bluntness. I didn't like it very much when people sugar-coated things. I felt like a child when they did that. "H-how are they?" My voice cracked. Sheriff Monroe was reluctant to say anything. There were a few minutes of silence as be tried to work out in his mind what to say. "Don't sugar-coat it, please," I whispered. "Just tell me the facts." "They are in critical condition." He hesitated again, and then continued in a softer, quieter voice, "The doctors don't expect them to make it." I felt tears burning the back of my eyes, but they wouldn't fall. I stared at my hands in my lap as the Sheriff continued. He told me that there would be legal complications if my parents did... pass away. I would likely have to move to a new town, live in a new home with people I didn't know well - if at all, and would have to go to a new school and try get used to the public school system. I didn't want that to happen. Not one bit. At some point I asked when I would be allowed to go home. Sheriff Monroe explained that they couldn't leave me home by myself and asked if I had a place where I could stay. I called my friend Meagen and asked if I could stay at her place for the night. She asked her father and it was fine with him. I had to write down their contact information for the police station in case they needed to get a hold of me again. Meagen Weaver had been my best girl friend for as long as I could remember. We went to church together and had been very excited when we discovered we would be going to the same school. Her father was the pastor at our church and a very nice man. His name was Todd. He preached the Word of God every Sunday and was always on the good side of