Hey there :) I long time ago I had try to write a slash fiction and had failed. Now I had just a little scene that I wanted to write and here's a complete OneShot. For me it's the first time I haven't translate a story from german to english. I had write it completly in english and I hope some peoples would leave a comment about this. Critic or positive words, I want to see both. Because without critic nobody gets better and without positive words nobody wants to publish anymore. Greetings Serena Hell Warning: Slash-Fiction Pairing: Carlisle/Edward No explicit sex scenes PART I - The Beginning 1918 It was a beautiful boy. Even with the pale of sickness and the smell of dying this seventeen years old was beautiful. Carlisle was alone for over two hundred years now and he hadn't seen a so fascinating person in this years of traveling. As Elizabeth, the boy's mother, make him promise to save her son, he didn't hesitate. He took the vulnerable body and brings him home. The flesh was soft and the blood warm and delicious but he had changed him. He hates himself more by every scream. Guilt and shame wash over him during Edward squirming in hell. He asked god for forgiveness. He broke more than one rule of god and society. But even when Elizabeth hadn't asked him to save this boy he would have to do it. For once in all these years he was nothing more than egoism. For two days he sits next to the boy, feeling his own change again and observe it from the outside. It wasn't nice. He tried to wash the face and throat as the changing was so far that he couldn't hurt him anymore. It didn't work out well but at least he had tried. The first thing he recognized as Edward open his eyes was the missing color. He has had a beautiful green. Now it was a bright red. But his boy was breathing. Confused, angry, but alive. "Where am I?" For the first time, he heard him speak without cracking voice. Still, the voice was full of youth but also with a touch of manhood. He thinks it was the most beautiful sound he hears his entire life. "By me. I'm Dr. Cullen. I know you must be confused..." /\/\/\/\/\/\ 1920 "This is Edward." Even when he would try it he couldn't cover the pride in his voice. For the first time since he had changed Edward, he brings him to his friend Eleazar. A wise man and a really good friend. Friendly they shook hands and mustered each other. "You're a mind reader?" Edward just nod. "Fascinating. And doesn't sound funny." With that, Eleazar had his boy who relaxed by his opinion. He learns four things in the next two days. Edward was uncomfortable around Tanja. His boy loves to see sunsets and he was fascinated by music. And the younger refused to leave his side when he was strange somewhere. It took Kate full three days before she convinced his boy to come hunting with her. Without him. He doesn't want to let Edward alone but Eleazar asked in the beginning of their visit if they can speak privately. Completely private. So he just smiled at Edward who sighed lightly before he agreed and follow Kate to the Denali hunting area. Eleazar friendly mask falls the second they couldn't hear the both vampires anymore. "Be true to me, Carlisle. Are you mates? Lovers? I saying nothing against it, I'm happy that you're happy but I hate it when my friends lie to me. Especially a close one." Confused he just stares at his friend. Eleazar seems completely serious about his question. "I... no, we weren't mates", he stumbled, "We're just... good companions." Eleazar raises his brow critical. "Really... I'm not in love with him this way! I'm not a homosexual." "Sorry", Eleazar muttered after a few seconds, "Just had looked like." How do they look like a couple in love? He hadn't a companion this close in his lifetime but he never thought they looked like mates. "It's okay. But never think of me I would lie to you. Even when I would love him this way I would tell you." 1921 Three years of hard work destroyed by one decision. Edward doesn't speak with Carlisle anymore and doesn't want to come home yet. His decision to change this woman, Esme, had broken something between them, so his companion's words. Not the trust. The closeness. He gives Edward a whole week before he excused himself by his newborn vampire and love and go to search his companion. It wasn't hard to find him, he just follows the scent through the woods but he getting more nervous with every step forward. As he sees him he makes clear that there was a respectful distance between them. But Edward doesn't run away, just looking up from his place on the ground. "Do you want me to leave now?" It was a quiet, almost desperate, question. His heart shattered a bit. "I never want you to leave, Edward." /\/\/\/\/\/\ PART II - The Changing 1925 They were by Eleazar again, this time with his new wife. But he never had seen his friend so critical about something like this time. "Are you sure about this?", Eleazar asked him for the hundred-five time. "I love her." There was a sadness in his best friend's eyes he couldn't explain. "I know you wouldn't lie to me. But maybe you lie to yourself. What's with Edward? Should he leave now you have a mate?" His friend sounds a bit sarcastic as he said 'mate'. He ignores it. "I never would force him to leave." Even in his eyes, he sounds harsh. But alone thinking about it hurt him. No, he never wanted Edward to leave. And he never would. 1930 But Edward had leave 1927. Had just packing his things and left a little letter. That Carlisle and Esme need their alone time to build a relationship and that he just stands in their way. Esme had been upset for over a month and they had their first serious fight. His wife wanted to follow Edward and he just wanted to respect his son's decision. Something in him was still shocked about the leaving. He had never expected that. And after the shock, the hurt and anger came. How could Edward do this to him? In 1928 he and Esme moved to another city. He left a letter with their new home and hoped that Edward would come back. When it was only for a visit it would be okay. But he missed him so much. In 1929 he begins to write letters to his missing son. About work, about books, about how much he misses the little things from his son. The music. The debates. The conversations. Also the comfortable silence between them. In 1930 his son come back. A little more broken than before, a bit older than before, but still beautiful and clever. They took him back without a second thought. He teaches him hunting on his way again and they have had a wonderful time in the woods. Building up their old relationship and get into something more. Deeper when he needs to describe it. In September 1930, 20th he makes Edward promise to never leave him again. First speaking and figuring out why Edward want to leave. Edward makes him the promise. In November 1931 Edward said for the first time, that he loves him. He takes it as a familiar love like it should be. But it feels wrong. 1933 He had tried to make his son a bit happier. But changing a good looking woman wasn't the right way. It was their first real fight since Edward had come back and he now he would lose it. "I don't even think she's attractive. And you don't hear her thoughts. I want some intelligent, Carlisle! Not some that looks at you and that's all this person needs to know. I can find my own person with that I could be happy. Thanks for thinking I can't." "Are you going?" It took over his thinking. He had a good relationship with Esme and was really happy with her but he feared every day that Edward would go some day. And now he had made a big mistake. Something softens in Edward as he hears all these things in his mind. "I promised you something. And maybe I hurt her feelings and need to make it better again." Esme had fled as she had seen the warm body. But Edward had stayed even when he hates his decision. 1935 Again it was Edward that had stayed by a changing. Now it wasn't for him, it was for Rosalie. Maybe it would bring fewer fights between his son and his daughter. Sometimes he thinks they only made it because they have nothing better to do. And Rosalie hates him and only stayed because of his family's feeding. He had offered her to speak with Eleazar but she never takes this opportunity. For the first time, Rosalie was here she had taken something from Edward without a sneaky comment. As his son offered to stay instant of her and telling her when it was safe and almost time she just thanked his son before she leaves. This time there wasn't a conversation between them. Except for the desperate cries, it was silent. It feels like a lifetime since they just had sat together. So near that not even a site would fit between them. It was almost over as his son speaks for the first time in two days. "Everything had changed." And it sounds just sad. 1940 Alaska seems to be their vacation time. Now with this bigger family, it gettings more planned but they still see the Denali Clan as often as possible. This time Eleazar don't ask him if he was sure about something. This time Eleazar goes to his oldest son and ask him if they can speak in private. There was a sad smiling at Edwards' face but he agrees. Eleazar and his son were away for almost two days. He asked him about what they had spoken but he never becomes the truth. 1945 Their relationship hadn't changed but so many things were lost. Sometimes it feels like they lost it forever. They keep distance between them and speaking just about unimportant stuff. Edward doesn't just come to his room and sit down to speak about something that comes up in his mind. He knocked respectfully and ask if he had time. And it was rare that his son comes to him. Most of the time the younger read or play on his piano. He hadn't heard his song in years for now. No impulsivity discussions anymore. No impulsivity cheese games or hunting trips anymore. It was the first time he ordered an 'Us-Time'. A few days just for them to hold the relationship they have had at the beginning. Just the two of them in the forests. 1950 Alice and Jasper had joined their family. It keeps them more apart than anything other. Two new vampires was a challenge for them and it needs time. He missed his son even when he was the most time around him. 1960 - First Day Their relationship was strong. It was signed through trust and knowledge. Carlisle knows everything about his son and his son knows everything about him. It wasn't that hard because of the gift. You can't keep secrets by a mind reader. In the first few years, it was hard, brings them a lot of uncomfortable situations but he never regrets his decision to change this young boy. He loves him deeply and also Esme can't touch their bond. They have had fights in all these years and serious