A/N: Hello all! This is the beginning of my It Only Takes a Drop of Blood story/novel-length fanfic. This was inspired by Celebony's Recnac Transfaerso , but I am not attempting to copy her works. Hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: This is the disclaimer for the entire fanfic. Harry Potter and all its contents belong to Ms. J.K. Rowling. I just like to play with her characters. It Only Takes A Drop of Blood Chapter 1: Summer This attic hasn't been cleaned in at least fifteen years , Harry thought, coughing as dust flew into his mouth. The box he had been lifting shifted in his arms as objects moved around inside. He tried not to breathe in until he had set it down on the other side of the room. He wheezed in a breath and wiped the trickling sweat off his brow. The heat of the room was stifling, as was the dirty air. When he had first come into the attic, he had started by opening all the windows to let most of the dust out, but at the moment, it seemed that he had been largely unsuccessful. He pulled against the off-white, loose-fitting shirt. The sweat had rolled down his back and the itchiness of it was overwhelming his senses. The wet shirt clung unpleasantly and he grimaced. Sighing, he grabbed another box and moved it to the larger pile on the other side of the attic. This one wasn't as heavy but it was most certainly dustier than the former. He set it down with a heavy thump and rolled his shoulders painfully. He felt a tickling on the back of his hand and he looked down at it. A small, nondescript spider was making its way up his arm. He brushed it off and went back to cleaning the attic. After scrubbing a stubborn stain under the south facing window, Harry sat back on his haunches and wiped his sweaty face with the back of his hand. He felt drenched and desperately wanted a shower. He stood up, swaying as white spots lit in front of his eyes. He closed them and braced himself against the window, breathing in the fresh air. Once settled he trudged out the door, his worn trainers squeaking against the fresh wood polish on the floor. The misshapen, tottering piles of dusty boxes were organized into logical piles on one side of the attic, with plenty of room for more Dursley 'heirlooms'. Just as he was about to duck his head and crawl out of the attic hatch, his eyes strayed onto the one item in the attic that seemed out of place. He had eyed it earlier, when sorting. It was made of wood, almost like a square trunk without fastenings of any sort. It was locked with a padlock in the front and seemed very Mugglish; except for the carving on the top. To any Muggle, it would seem like just a long scratch made by a negligent carpenter. But to Harry, the crevice looked long enough to fit a wand. He crouched next to the trunk and gingerly fingered the rough wood. Pulling out the wand stuck in his baggy jeans, Harry held it up to the crevice. Harry's wand was nearly an inch longer. He sighed dejectedly and sat back on his heels, his ankles burning. His wand was clutched loosely in his hands and he hung his head. The heat must be getting to me . Harry put his wand on the trunk and rubbed his stinging eyes. He was about to stand when he heard something. He looked at the trunk and saw his wand in the crevice. It fit perfectly. The lock had clicked open on the mysterious trunk. Unable to hold back his curiosity, Harry lifted the heavy lid and looked inside. The first thing he saw as the musty air hit him was a small bag. It was a velvet drawstring bag and its contents clinked together when he picked it up. Tentatively, Harry opened it and let the objects fall into his open hand. Cool metal caressed his palm. They were rings. He picked them up and peered at them. Golden in colour, one was sized for a man, the other for a woman. Harry's breath caught in his chest. It took a wand to open this trunk and he found a pair of wedding rings inside. His parents' wedding rings. Harry held them reverently and looked at the papers underneath the rings. One stack of parchment was bound together with twine; it was addressed to him. Underneath that were two leather-bound books. The last thing in the trunk was a smooth, grey wand. Harry touched it carefully. It had belonged to one of his parents. Glancing at all the items around him, Harry made a quick decision. His heels burning, he tucked the letters, books, wand and rings back into the trunk and shut the lid. The lock snapped and his wand popped cleanly out of the top, like it had never been stuck in the first place. The pressure on his shoulders eased with relief. He pocketed the latter and grabbed the trunk, standing up slowly, his legs aching. Harry carefully stole down the stairs, glancing every which way for his relatives. Seeing no one, he dashed into his room and shut the door. His head turned wildly, trying to find the right place to hide it. Finally he shoved the trunk into the rickety wardrobe and shut the door. Wiping off his wet forehead, Harry went to wash up, the urge to paw through the trunk insatiable. He'd just have to wait until evening. "BOY!" Harry heard his uncle yelling up the stairs and knew that he had to move. He sighed heavily and got up, his muscles protesting every movement. Trudging down the stairs, Harry heard Uncle Vernon's voice reverberate again in his skull. Knowing that it was useless to complain, Harry took the ladle Aunt Petunia held out to him and started stirring the stew. He ignored the mutterings about how ungrateful he was and how they wished he would've died with his parents. They aren't worth it. Instead, Harry thought about Monday and his next week of work. The day after his relatives had picked him up from Kings Cross, Uncle Vernon had ordered him to get a job. Harry protested, feeding some line about Sirius, but his uncle turned a puce colour and his hand twitched. Just as he bolted out of the room, one of Aunt Petunia's figurines hit the wall where his head had been. After that, Harry had been reluctant to argue. While he wouldn't see the pay for his work, at least the job would keep him away from the Dursleys and Dudley's gang. So he had perused the newspaper for possible jobs. Most of the advertisements were looking for teenagers with resumes and references; but there was one position that didn't. A doctor at the local hospital wanted a young man to help him in his office for the summer. Harry had gone straight to the hospital and inquired about the position. The doctor, Jon Taylor, had agreed to hire him since no other applicants had come forward. Monday would start Harry's second week of working and he was already anticipating it. It was a relief to get away from his relatives for hours on end; the lack of receiving accusing looks and deriding comments was a bonus. And work kept his mind off of Voldemort and the war. Harry rolled his shoulders and spooned the stew onto plates. Two large helpings, one medium and one small. Dudley was still restricted to his diet, which meant that Harry was as well. He set the table and carried the rest of the food over. The Dursleys were already sitting down and digging in. Harry refrained from rolling his eyes as he ate his dinner. Dudley gulped his down greedily and his piggy eyes watched Harry's plate. The young wizard ate faster, hoping that he could finish soon and go up to his room. Fortunately for Harry, the meal finished and the dishes were done, leaving him free to escape. He thundered up the stairs and plopped down on his creaky mattress. He briefly considered examining the trunk, but his exhaustion caught up with him and he fell asleep. Harry glared at the alarm beeping shrilly on the side table. The misshapen plastic told him that it was 4:30 in the morning and time for him to wake up. He struck the damned thing with his fist and rolled over in the scratchy sheets, trying to coax himself up. Finally, unable to avoid it any longer, Harry swung his legs out of bed and got up with a small groan. The mattress was lumpy and many of the springs were broken, leaving him with a crick in his neck and knots in his back every morning. He stretched and yawned widely, feeling his muscles relax a bit when he was through. His extremities were tingling with warmth as he threw Dudley's cast-offs on and stumbled downstairs. Harry blinked his eyes, even though clearing his vision would do nothing to help him see in the dark. The sun had not yet risen so the whispering shadows covered every surface of the home. Harry felt the smooth wood of the cupboard as he tried fruitlessly to find the handle. Finally he felt cool metal and turned his hand. The door swung open and nearly hit Harry in the face; regardless, he pulled out a tray of chemicals and a roll of kitchen paper. Quietly and with only a torch to light his way, Harry began to wash the windows. It was hard to see the spots he missed because Aunt Petunia wouldn't let him shine the light directly at the windows. She was afraid that the neighbours would see. Once that task was complete, he moved on to dusting all the surfaces on the first floor and sweeping or mopping what he could. Wiping the trickling sweat off his forehead, Harry looked through the clean windows at the sun just poking up beyond the horizon. It was six o'clock and he had to wash up before cooking breakfast. He stowed the cleaning items in the cupboard and quickly washed, smelling his hands to check that the chemicals were gone. He hated the strong, faux clean scent of disinfectants. Harry pulled out Aunt Petunia's favourite cast iron skillet. She wanted him to prepare the eggs, a rasher of bacon and toast with jam. Complying, Harry started cooking with an ease born from experience. Soon the warm smell of scrambled eggs, sizzling bacon and crispy buttered toast wafted around Harry. And from the thumps he heard upstairs, it was clear that the Dursleys had smelled it too. He quickly munched on the last of a crisp and juicy bacon strip he had saved for himself, hoping that his aunt wouldn't catch him eating. She thought it was unsanitary for him to eat as he cooked. Harry heard the clicking of her shoes before he saw her bony neck and head craning around the kitchen door. She raised an eyebrow and barked at him. "Vernon will be down in a moment. Don't burn anything!" "Yes Aunt Petunia," Harry droned dully as he scooped the eggs onto a platter. She disappeared as he manoeuvred a stack of buttered toast with jam onto the table. The bacon sizzled and a burnt smell wafted gently from the pan. He rushed to it and scooped out the meat, checking it carefully. The edges were only slightly singed black and he sighed, cutting off the burnt edges. The Dursleys wouldn't eat black bacon. Thankful that he hadn't completely ruined breakfast, Harry cleaned up. Once even the dishrag was hung, Harry left the kitchen with a slice of toast in hand. He trudged upstairs, careful not to get crumbs anywhere for