Be Still and Know I Am Summary: After receiving a life-altering call from home, Katniss returns to the tiny rural town in Illinois. She doesn't expect old feelings for Peeta Mellark to arise when he walks back into her life but she slowly comes to realize that she wouldn't be able to survive this without him. Warnings: Character death, Sexual content. March 25, 2012 Katniss is walking across dead, brown grass of the University of Minnesota's quad on a rare, warm early spring day when her phone rings. She frowns; normally no one calls her at this time of day since Prim should just be getting out of school and her mother has a shift at the hospital. The screen flashes a picture of her mother's face though and she hits the button to answer. "Mom?" "Katniss." Her mother's voice crackles a bit as a breeze rushes through the quad and Katniss turns her head, "Katniss, you need to come home. It's Prim." Katniss isn't sure she hears anything her mother says after that, spinning on her heels and darting back across the grass, the day suddenly seeming too cold even with the sun beating down happily against her tan skin. She packs in a haze, grabbing things and haphazardly throwing them into a bag. It's early evening by the time she manages to throw the duffle bag onto the passenger seat of her banged up 1994 Ford Taurus and start the car, waiting as it struggles to turn over before roaring to life. Katniss doesn't stop until her fuel gauge flashes empty, pulling over in a speed trap town just past Madison, Wisconsin at a station named Bob's Gas and Liquor. She left Minneapolis around five so that should put her back in Fairbury, Illinois around two in the morning if she doesn't hit any traffic. Once she pulls out onto Interstate 39 again, she turns up stereo more as a means to drown out her worried thoughts than to keep her awake. The cassette in the player is one that Prim made her for her eighteenth birthday and currently We Built This City by Starship is blaring through the speakers. Prim always loved to dance around the house with Katniss to this song while their mother was working the night shift. "Katniss," she would shout over the song, "one day we'll both make it out of here and this will be our anthem." Katniss would always laugh and shake her head. There are better songs than this one out there with more meaningful lyrics but she wasn't going to begrudge her baby sister a theme song. The song brings tears to her eyes now and she blinks furiously to clear her vision. By the time she pulls into the driveway, it's nearly two thirty but the yellow porch light is still on. The house looks just the same as when she left it nine months ago, the white paint peeling off the old wood siding and the screen door hanging slightly off kilter because of the hinge that's still loose. Katniss climbs out of her car after killing the headlights and the engine and lets herself into the house. It's silent and empty, nothing she didn't expect, but the red light is flashing on the ancient answering machine that her mother insists on keeping even though hardly anyone calls the house phone anymore. Katniss pushes the play button and throws the bag on the old, tattered couch in their living room. It's just her mother telling her to please sleep once she gets home and to call her in the morning once she wakes up so she can get directions on where to go. Katniss rubs a hand roughly over her face but digs out her favorite pajama shorts and her father's old U of I tee shirt. She doubts she'll get any sleep tonight but knows that her mother will refuse to answer her phone until morning until she at least tries to rest. Once she washes her face and brushes her teeth, Katniss makes her way to the tiny bedroom in the back of the house. There are two single beds there, each pushed up against a separate wall. At one point they had been pushed together, but after Katniss left for college, Prim decided that it gave her more floor space if there weren't two beds taking up the middle of the room. Katniss crosses the room to the bed that is made, but clearly lived in, and cuddles into the zebra striped sheets that still smell like her sweet baby sister. She dozes on and off but by the time dawn breaks and she can hear the Hawthorne's cows calling out for their morning feeding, she slips out from under the covers and dresses for the day. She dials her mother's cell phone as she locks the door of the old house behind her. "Katniss." Her mother answers her voice still groggy. "Where are you at?" Katniss asks frankly as she starts the Taurus. "Saint James. Up on five east." Her mother replies, "Room 516." Katniss pulls out of the drive and heads north toward the hospital her mother works at. The line crackles between them as Katniss dreading the answer to her next question. "How is she?" Her mother shuffles on the other end of the line and Katniss guesses she's moving out of the room before speaking. "Better." She says softly, her voice slightly hitched, "They transfused her overnight and her numbers this morning are better." She's talking like a nurse. Katniss has no idea what numbers her mother is referring to, but she'll take it as a good sign since her mother seems to. "Are-" Katniss's voice cracks and she swallows dryly, "There are tests, right? Have you gotten results?" She can almost imagine the way her mother must be shaking her head, "No. The doctor will be in this afternoon to talk with us about them, give us our options." "So it's not confirmed yet." Katniss says but really it's a question, a plea, "Prim could be fine." Silence falls again as the line crackles. When her mother speaks again, she can hear the tears in her voice. "It's possible, but it's highly unlikely, Katniss." A flash of anger burns through her at her mother's words. How could she be so negative? If anyone was the pessimist in the family, it was Katniss and she's not ready to fly a white flag of surrender yet. "I'll be there soon." She says by way of goodbye before hitting the end call button and tossing the phone on the seat beside her. It's a half hour drive that feels like ten hours before Katniss pulls into the parking lot of Saint James Medical Center. But even with all that time to prepare herself, her own breath chokes her when she first catches sight of frail little Prim looking out the window while laying in the hospital bed that seems to engulf her. She takes a strangled breath and Prim turns to face her, her face breaking into a tired smile at the sight of her older sister. "Oh, Katniss," Prim kids, "This isn't my funeral and it's not nearly as bad as it looks." "Prim." She whispers before crossing the room and sliding into bed next to her baby sister, cuddling her tiny body to her own. "I should never have left you." Prim snorts and picks at the edge of the sheet, "Don't be silly. You being here wouldn't have stopped this from happening. I still would have gotten knocked in the nose by Rory's elbow." That was how all of this started. Rory and Vick had been goofing at the end of the school day before heading home and Prim had been hit in the face by a stray elbow. It didn't break her nose, but there was a lot of blood; enough that the school nurse had called Ms. Everdeen to take Prim to the ER. The doctors there took one look at all the old bruises and decided to run blood tests. That was when they found her white blood cells were through the roof and her red blood cells and platelets were too low. Katniss doesn't know much about the human body but apparently the numbers had been a cause for alarm and they admitted Prim immediately. "Maybe I would have noticed something sooner than you or mom." Prim shakes her head, "This isn't your fault. There's nothing you could have done." A nurse comes in after a little while to check on Prim and greets Katniss with a smile. She and Prim joke, and it doesn't surprise Katniss that her sister has already made friends. Prim was always the more friendly of the two sisters. She makes friends easily with her sweet, bubbly personality. Ms. Everdeen returns shortly after this and they pass the hours speaking about everything except why they're in the hospital. Prim asks Katniss about her classes, and parties, and the boys at college. Katniss can really only answer her little sister about classes since her social life is practically nonexistent. Plenty had changed since Katniss left high school but she had not become any more outgoing and there was still only one boy with bright blue eyes who had ever managed to capture her attention. She does her best though, to satiate Prim's thirst for teenage gossip. Sometime late in the afternoon, a doctor, who looks far too young to be a doctor, walks in holding a folder full of papers. He looks up and flashes a toothy smile at the three women in the room. "Hello there, I'm Doctor Aurelius the head of the hematology and oncology unit here. I'm going to guess this lovely lady is Primrose Everdeen." He greets, reaching a hand to shake Prim's. I notice the bruises then, dozens of them of varying sizes, dark against her pale skin, and it makes me sick to my stomach. "Poppy Everdeen." Mother greets the young doctor, "And this is my other daughter Katniss." He shakes Katniss's hand firmly, "Nice to meet you all." She couldn't agree less. "We have your results back from yesterday, and I wanted to sit down for a moment to talk with you and answer any questions you might have already." Dr. Aurelius says, looking back down to the papers in his hands and pulling a chair up closer to where we're all seated, "It looks like Primrose's white blood cells are at about 90,000. That's a lot higher than normal and that does place her in the typical range for many types of leukemia. She also has a significant number of blasts in her blood, which is also indicative of leukemia. "So, I'm sure you want to know where we go from here…" Katniss can't listen to anymore as she turns to look at Prim who is frowning, her brow furrowed tightly as she listens bravely to the doctor. Her baby sister is sick. Really sick. "Can I be her donor?" Katniss blurts out in the middle of the doctor's explanation of the bone marrow aspiration he wants to have done today. "Excuse me?" He looks up at her kindly. "They do bone marrow transplants for this sort of thing, right? I want to be her donor." Katniss explains, reaching to squeeze her little sister's hand. She can't protect her from this physically but she can still give her sister her stem cells. Dr. Aurelius nods, "Well, it's good to hear that you're willing, Katniss. We can test you and any other family that is interested in donating to see if you're a match but there are other steps that we try first. Bone marrow transplants can be very dangerous so if we can find success with other treatments, we try those first." Katniss nods, "You said if I was a match. How likely is it that I won't be?" "Siblings are often where