The Sacking of Persia Peeta is a lonely, damaged soldier in Alexander the Great's army and they are a day away from taking the Persian city of Persepolis. How much can his life change when he meets the young native girl, Katniss, during the army's pillaging of the great city? Warning: Violence, Sexual content "Persepolis." Peeta murmurs to himself as the rich city comes into view before him. "Persepolis." Finnick, his best friend, repeats with a stoic look. Finnick and Peeta had been paired up to travel side by side since they left for Persia. Now months later, Peeta can surely say that he knows just about everything there is to know about Finnick Odair, from the fact that the bronze haired man snores to the knowledge that Finnick's one true love was killed by a rebellion in her village after Alexander's troops had claimed it. That occurrence led Finnick to rejoin the army and thus he was partnered up with Peeta and the rest, as they say, is history. "This is the last stop for us, Peeta." Finnick points out, and he is correct. They both received orders from Alexander the Great, and those orders stated that they would be staying behind as reserve military in case the people of Persia attempted to revolt once the majority of the soldiers had moved on to conquer the next city. "Welcome home." Peeta jokes as the officers in command pass the order down the line that we'll be setting up camp shortly. They will take the city by morning. The worst is already over and it is evidenced by the way the troops carry themselves. It had taken much longer than expected to overtake the gates of Persia and they had lost a many good soldiers in the battle but now the path is nearly clear. The Persians put up a fight in every city but they are poorly armed compared to Alexander's troops, and in hand to hand combat will lose almost every time against one of his soldiers. The men are antsy though, many of them hopeful that they will receive orders to plunder the city and take what they will. The thought of bringing that fate on another city makes Peeta feel ill. Peeta doesn't sleep tonight. He rarely sleeps at all anymore, knowing full well that when he does he will be plagued by visions of the men he has killed and the families who have been robbed by Alexander's forces. Peeta was never meant to become a hardened soldier but fate had had other plans for him, forcing him into a life much too harsh for such a gentle spirit. The suffering he has brought upon others weighs heavily on his soul and he is grateful that after tomorrow he will be released from the army to settle in what is left of Persepolis. Instead of sleeping tonight, Peeta prays for the souls of the men he has killed and the families who suffer because of his blood drenched hands. … "You have the extra bow, Katniss. You know how to use it." "Gale, I can't!" Katniss shouts at him, knowing full well that both of their families are asleep only a few paces away. Gale and his family have lived next door to Katniss since before she was born and he is her best friend. Their fathers had joked that they would one day be married. That was before they died of the fever though when she was still a young girl and before the war that will take place tomorrow. "Just pretend you're hunting, Katniss." He pleads, a whistle sounds from somewhere out on the streets and they both turn in its direction. "Gale, no! You'll be killed! There is no way you can beat them!" She begs, holding onto his arm as he drags her behind him, trying to make his way to the street and hoping she'll let go. "I must, Katniss. I must do this or I could never live with myself. I must fight for our Persia. I must defend Persepolis." He argues fervently as he tries to pry her fingers loose of his sinewy arm. "You must defend our families, Katniss." He tells her just as passionately, "You must protect them. Promise me you will try." It's no use, Katniss realizes. She will never be able to stop the man, still a boy really, before her from marching off to his death. It's foolish to defend the city when the army already took down the stronghold of the Persian gates. If they could get past that, what trouble would they have getting past a hundred poorly armed men? "I hate you." Katniss spits, but her words tremble traitorously. Gale smiles sadly and presses a kiss to her thick, dark hair, "I love you too, Katniss. I will see you in the next life." She leans on her toes and presses a quick kiss to his lips, "Please try to come back." "You know I will." He assures her. The whistle sounds again and he tears himself away from her grip, hurrying off into the heavy night, leaving Katniss alone to defend their families against what is to come. … A curved blade bites smoothly into the skin of his thigh and Peeta wonders if this could possibly be the end as he screams from the pain. It's really an awful place to die, in the middle of a bloody battle with dark-skinned men howling around him and the sun beating down ruthlessly. He's come close to death before but never has he been cut like this. Suddenly the dark haired Persian, who is about to administer the fatal swing with his curved blade, drops to the ground, blood spattering across Peeta's face and Finnick's god-like form is revealed. "That was close, Peeta." Finnick shouts over the clashing of metal on metal and screams desperation as the battle wages on. Peeta reaches beneath his armor and tears away a piece of linen from his skirt, tying it tightly around the wound on his leg. Just as he finishes, a boy, not much younger than himself, charges at Finnick. Peeta lets out a cry and swings his sword, cutting him in the chest and, in doing so, ends the poor boy's life. Peeta adds the young man's face to the plethora of others in his mind that he will pray for tonight. Sometime after the sun has started to fall in the sky, the battle is finished. Every last Persian who fought against Alexander the Great and his army is dead. The healthy men help tend to those who are injured and mercenaries take care of those who can't be saved. King Alexander has already entered the center of the city to take over the treasury and the throne, leaving Commander Snow in charge of the troops. Peeta has disliked the man ever since he was first promoted to the rank of commander. It's not just the strange, translucent skin and white hair that bother him, but the apparent cruelty that he uses to guide his orders. When the sun sets, Peeta's thoughts about the man are proven correct. "Take what you will inside the city!" He shouts, throwing a flask of wine into the air, "Have your pleasure tonight men!" A roar goes through the troops and Peeta knows that not much will be left of the beautiful city by morning. Men tear out of their tents carrying swords and wearing grins as they slap each other's armor and make their way onto the city streets to pillage whatever, and whomever, they can get their hands on. "Come on, Peeta." Finnick says, reluctantly grabbing his sword belt, "It won't look good if we stay here. I'd rather live to see the city revived than die under accusations of treason." Peeta stands and follows his best friend into the night. The first scream sounds from down a quiet street and it makes Peeta's entrails curl uncomfortably. He prays that this brutal night might end soon and spare as many people of the city as possible. A cask of wine is rolled out into the street a dozen paces in front of them and Finnick perks up considerably. Wine is one treasure that he doesn't mind stealing. He doesn't break into houses or touch any of the women, still too traumatized by what happened to his Annie, but the wine helps him forget and Peeta can't begrudge the man that. "Come on then, Peeta!" Finnick shouts raucously as he runs ahead to take part in the frivolity surrounding the wooden barrel. He's buried in a sea of men however, and Peeta loses sight of him. A small alleyway is to his left and he decides to take it, thinking that perhaps he will be able loop around and cut through the crowd if he makes his way there from the opposite side. His leg is beginning to throb from all this walking and his limp is becoming more noticeable, but he continues on. He isn't a soldier in Alexander the Great's army for being weak. He climbs over a low fence surrounding the back garden of a house before he hears it- a woman's voice singing softly, whispering so as not to be heard, but Peeta thinks it would be impossible to miss. It is unlike anything Peeta has ever heard before and in his distraction, his foot slips, catching his leg against the fence on the other side of the garden and reopening his wound beneath the bandage. He curses under his breath but the singing has stopped, the owner of the voice apparently alerted to his presence. He hears the voice shush whoever is with her and he realizes that it is coming from the house right in front of him. As quietly as he can manage with his damaged leg, he makes his way to the house, hoping to glimpse the woman who owns such a beautiful voice. He's two paces from the doorway when it swings out on its hinges. Peeta jumps back instantly, nearly losing his balance as he reaches for his sword. Once the metal blade is glinting in front of him, he takes a moment to look at the body that holds the arrow aimed directly at his heart. It's a woman, he realizes as his eyes pass over the gentle curve of her breast and hips. The arrow tremors ever so slightly, giving away her nerves but her silver eyes are like steal as they observe him, daring him to take a step closer. Peeta has never seen anything quite like her and he thinks it must be rare for a Persian to have light colored eyes like hers that reflect the moonlight. Katniss glares down the shaft of the arrow, ready to let it loose the moment this pale man makes any move toward her or her family. He has light, curling hair and skin that glows in the moonlight, but it's his eyes that attract most of her attention. They are the same color blue as the night sky just after sunset. She catches herself wondering how strange it is for a man to have such features. Peeta opens his mouth and her fingers twitch but don't release the arrow. "It's okay." He says softly, "I'm not going to hurt you." Slowly, he bends to place his blade on the ground between them. Katniss watches him skeptically. She's met light skinned traders from the northeastern countries before when she was selling her kills in the city center but this man isn't a trader. This man is a killer. He might have killed Gale for all she knows. "I heard someone singing." Peeta admits and nods his head towards her, "Was it you?" Katniss nods stiffly. "What do you want?" She asks, her words heavily accented, but she can tell he understands by the surprised look on his face. Not many Persian women