ADAD- Fire, Freckles, and Intellect A one-shot about Glenn Mellark and how an unexpected meeting turns into something more for a young man notorious for unemotional personality. This story takes place in the same universe as Another Day Another Dollar. He has never seen any woman quite so stunningly unique in his life. That is the first thought that passes through Glenn Mellark's mind when Rosalind Andrews slips into the lecture hall as quietly as possible. He doesn't know her name or even recognize her, which is unusual given that only a handful of women attend Northwestern University and he figures he has seen them all, at least in passing, by now. But the girl seated four rows in front of him now is like no one he has ever seen before. Glenn wonders at how the sunlight, streaming through one of the only narrow windows in the hall, manages to set her red locks aflame. She's in a simple, well-cut traveling gown, only adding to her mystery. Glenn is still pondering where she might have come from and who she might be when the young, highly acclaimed Professor George Andrews concludes the lecture. He doesn't even realize the fact right away until his peers start shuffling papers and getting to their feet. Quickly and haphazardly, he too gathers his things into his bag, his eyes watching the young woman as he does. Rosalind Andrews is itching in her skin for this lecture to be finished. She's just as scholarly as her older brother, George; however, after several hours of travel by the South Shore Line, she is more than ready to spend an idle afternoon chatting with the young man at the front of the room. It doesn't help her discomfort that she can feel at least half a dozen pairs of eyes on her. She had tried to enter the room unobtrusively but once again was cursed by her silly red hair. It seems to be a beacon for attention that she doesn't want. She's certain that the men watching her are laughing to themselves about the carrot haired girl with awful freckles covering what would be an otherwise acceptably handsome face. Rosalind is unable to glean any knowledge from her brother's lecture before he closes the dialogue and the class is over. She waits for some of the men to clear out before standing and heading in the opposite direction of the doors so that she might greet her brother. She is halfway down the stairs of the lecture hall, a smile already pulling at her lips, when she hears a young man's voice call out to the professor. She turns her gaze away from George, who is stuffing papers hurriedly into his folio, to see a man with straight, elegantly fixed blonde hair stumble gracelessly down the stairs to the podium. As she continues to make her way to her brother, she observes the usurper. He is tall, even for a man, and although he is narrowly built, Rosalind gets the impression that he is quite well muscled under his suit though she can't say exactly what makes her suspect that. He has a very grave look about him as he speaks with her brother, but what catches her eye the most are his pale blue eyes. She doesn't get a glimpse of them until she steps up a few paces away from her brother when he turns to her and nods before turning his attention back to her brother. "Thank you, Professor Andrews, I'll get the essay to you by one o'clock on Monday." Glenn promises, the back of his neck prickling with unfamiliar anxiousness now that the young woman is watching him. The young professor has granted him an extension on the essay that is supposed to be due by seven o'clock today. In all honesty, Glenn has the paper already prepared in his bag. He just needed an excuse to speak with the professor so that he might learn the red haired girl's name. When he saw that she was moving to approach Professor Andrews, he had done some quick thinking and decided to pretend he needed an extension in hopes that he might be able to learn her name and be properly introduced. "Of course, Mr. Mellark." Professor Andrews says with a curt nod, "You're one of my best pupils. I'm sure this won't become a common occurrence." "No, sir, I assure you it will not." Glenn bows his head gratefully before turning his pale blue eyes to the lady before him, "I'm terribly sorry to have kept you waiting, miss." "Don't trouble yourself, Mr. Mellark. This is my favorite sister, Rosalind Andrews, just arrived in the city from what I'm sure was an exhausting day of travel." Professor Andrews introduces, "Rosie, this is Glenn Mellark, one of my best students. He will be attending the salon next Friday after exams are over, won't you Mr. Mellark?" Glenn nods as Rosalind offers her hand, which he brings politely to his lips. "A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Mellark." She smiles softly, finding his pale eyes intriguing as he continues to stare at her. "And you, Miss Andrews. Your brother is one of the most highly esteemed professors here at Northwestern, it's nice to meet the family that molded him into the success he is." Glenn says earnestly. "Did you hear that Georgie? One of the best." Rosalind smiles up at her older brother playfully before turning back to Glenn, "Well, I assure you I taught him everything he knows. I made quite the schoolteacher when we were children." "Of course you did, Rose." Professor Andrews replies good-naturedly, "Ms. Shultz is preparing dinner for us so we really should be going. Have that paper to me like we said, Mr. Mellark." Glenn nods and hoists his bag back onto his shoulder before glancing quickly at Rosalind one last time and turning to leave the lecture hall. He hasn't met a girl that has intrigued him this much since Sara Wilkins, that sweet girl from the Seam that he dropped like a used bit of paper. He broke her heart, but he had completely shattered his own in doing so and hadn't found a girl that measured up to her in any way since then. … Glenn looks over his shoulder his eyes meeting her chocolate brown ones. She gives a hesitant smile and ducks her head to look at the crystal glass of champagne in her hand. He's with a group of businessmen who are talking about the projections for the textile mill for the next year. Glenn, for once in his life, finds himself less interested about the business discussion at hand and more interested in the girl across the room. He politely bows out of the conversation and makes his way across the room to a group of friends who are situated closer to Rosalind, hoping that she might recognize his subtle hint and join him in conversation. She's speaking with two of Glenn's peers and their respective fiancées. The men are rather pompous in Glenn's experience, and judging by the bored expression Rosalind is trying her best to disguise, he would guess that she feels the same about them as he does. She glances up and a momentary look of surprise passes over her face to which he offers a weak smile. Glenn has always found his smile to be more disturbing than inviting, but Axel is constantly telling him he would be able to win over more girls if he smiled more often. Glenn doesn't particularly want more girls tittering uselessly about him, but he does want one particular girl. Something about her seems different and not just her hair. It's the way she looks at him. He can tell she is intelligent. She smiles now and begs her leave from the group she is talking to. She hardly remembers their names and honestly hopes she'll never have need to know them. They were condescending throughout the entire conversation, barely acknowledging anything she tried to contribute. As usual, the men here seem to think a woman's mind is limited to sewing and tea parties and cooking. "Good evening, Mr. Mellark." She greets as she walks up behind him. She noticed him watching her while she was speaking with those two dull men and hoped that he meant for her to speak with him. She would rather not make a fool of herself by approaching a man who has no interest in her but she has a strange feeling about Glenn- Mr. Mellark, that is. "Miss Andrews." Glenn attempts to smile again and she smiles back so he thinks it might be working. "Are you enjoying yourself tonight?" "The party is lovely." She says, ducking her gaze and hazarding the next sentence, "The conversation has been somewhat lacking though." Glenn laughs in surprise as her disclosure. It's refreshing for a lady to be so candid. Once he composes himself again he bends ever so slightly to get closer to her ear so he can quietly inform her, "I thought you appeared a bit tired with your companions when I saw you across the room. I do hope you will find our conversation more intriguing." Rosalind smiles brightly at the young man before her, glad that he wasn't offended by her admission. He flashes that quirky little smile, the same one he used earlier to entice her away from her company. It makes her heartbeat quicken with the way it makes his eyes crinkle just a bit at the corners. "Already I find it more pleasing than the last." She nods, "So long as you don't brush off everything I try to discuss, I believe we will manage just fine. I do happen to have a brain in my skull and I would be happy to use it. This is a salon for some of the best intellectuals at the university, after all. I was hoping I might be able to stretch the boundaries of my knowledge rather than talk about my needlepoint." A thrill runs up Glenn's spine. He's never met a girl so openly intellectual before and it both intimidates and excites him. He searches his brain for what he knows about Rosalind Andrews and finds admittedly little to work with since really they had only been introduced. "Where is it you reside for most of the year, Miss Andrews?" Glenn questions, alighting on a topic that has been nagging him since Professor Andrews introduced them a week ago, "Your brother mentioned that you had a long day's travel into the city last week." Rosalind tries to contain the blush that is struggling to grace her cheeks. She knows it makes her skin look terribly blotchy, but she is thrilled that Mr. Mellark would remember such a small detail from their brief encounter a week ago. "In Indiana. I attend a women's college there." She answers politely, holding Mr. Mellark's gaze steady with her own, watching for some look of horror or distaste. Glenn is pleasantly surprised by Rosalind's admission that she attends college. She's such a pretty thing that he had never thought she might choose to postpone any marriage prospects to pursue higher knowledge. "What is it you study?" Glenn questions out of genuine curiosity. This woman is proving to be an enigma on many levels. "I study art." Rosalind laughs brightly, "I paint." "Do you now?" Glenn cocks an eyebrow, once again surprised. After she had admitted to attending college he had started making his own conjectures about what she spent her time studying, but art had not been at the top of the list. It seemed too logical for a woman to study art. He had immediately assumed that she would be one of a small handful of women studying the sciences or perhaps math. "Is it that difficult to believe?" She laughs lightly, seemingly unperturbed by his surprise, "It wouldn't have been my first