An Element of Fun: A Harry Potter Fan Fiction Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its associated characters: all rights belong to JK Rowling. I do not own any crossover references used in the story: all rights belong to their original creators. I do own any OC spells explained at the end of a chapter. Plot: Elemental Harry Response: When Harry learns of his true identity from a kind, caring new friend, it sets him down a path that may just see him becoming the greatest sorcerer in the world, no matter what a certain someone might try and do to interfere in that destiny. Challenge Information: DZ2's 'Elemental Harry' Challenge: When Harry decides to look into his magic - or discovers it as a child - he finds he can command one or more of the elemental forces. Rules: All affinities are welcome Grey/Good Harry must discover his power in 5th Year or earlier Pre-Hogwarts Harry's Element MUST either award him or help him find a familiar who is in synch with the same element Smart Harry Either Dumbledore, Tom, someone in the Ministry or even Hogwarts must already sense Harry's Elemental Powers False Prophecy Harry's power does NOT come from the Horcrux Sirius MUST be eventually free and alive Suggestions: More than one/all elements are under Harry's control Eventually Super/OP-Harry Accepted: OP Non-Gryffindor Harry Accepted Nice-Severus Accepted Crossovers References Slash No Pureblood Harry No Harry's Power unlocking or giving other Elemental powers to his friends Perhaps Good Dumbledore No Good Dursleys No Lily or James alive No Harry joins Tom No Dark elements made available to Harry e.g. Hellfire, Black Ice, Darkness, Life, Death etc. Accepted Forbidden: Weak, Dumb Harry The prophecy being real Horcrux-unlocking the power Harry joining Tom as a DE (though they can see one another as equals) Sirius dying Harry relinquishing the elements, no matter what they are Other than that, let the fires of your imagination burn; Author's Note: So, I know that some of you may recognise this adventure as it is an old one, but with the way inspiration's been hitting me lately, I decided to give it another shot. Now, be warned that this story will contain some SERIOUSLY OOC Characters and scenarios, but, at the end of the day, that is the Fun of Fan Fiction, so you know what I always say: If you don't like it, then don't read it. Dedication: I'd like to dedicate this story to my many good friends and loyal fans for their support and friendship: my recommended reads are Saviour of Magic by Colt01, On way to greatness by Sherlock Jay Holmes, Magical Origins by The Silent Ronin, Outsider Chronicles: Screw Fate by Dis Lexic and Adventures in Magick by PseudonymousEntity; Key Pairings: Eventual Harry/Susan; Eventual Draco/Hermione; Other Pairings: Eventual Neville/Luna; Others TBC Normal Speech 'Thoughts' / Parseltongue / Chapter 1: Hello Sweetie The first time that it happened, he was five years old; It was the coldest winter on record and, beyond the frost-covered windows of Number Four, Privet Drive, Harry James Potter shivered in the cold, a part of him wondering why his Aunt, Uncle and Cousin got to enjoy nice, warm heaters while the only source of comfort he managed to get was a very itchy, but thick overcoat that Vernon had thrown on him to shut him up. As night rolled in, the icy fingers of winter clawing at the door, brushing their arctic touch over Harry's skin, the young boy breathed into his hands as he wondered why it was that he had been left in the cold like this. Of course, he wouldn't be missed if anything had happened to him; he'd known that ever since Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon told him that his parents had died in a car crash and he'd been left to mess up their normal lives. But still, to leave a child in the cold like this was a level of cruelty that was new and certainly imaginative for the Dursleys and, as Harry closed his eyes, trying to shut out the sight of his breath rising into the air and the sound of his chattering teeth, he whispered over and over again a mantra that had become his since the first time they'd left him like this. "I don't want to die…I don't want to die…I don't want to die…I don't want to die…I don't want to die…I don't want to die…" He never knew why he said the words, but in the past, when he'd been huddled in his cupboard having been punished for something that was more-than-likely Dudley's fault – but he gave an Oscar-winning performance and blamed it on Harry – he'd said the words and, somehow, managed to find the strength to survive through whatever his relatives did to him. If it hadn't been for the fact that Vernon kept drilling it into Harry that there was no such thing, he might have said his survival instinct was magical . But now, huddled in the darkness, rubbing his hands together for warmth and breathing into them in an attempt to warm up, Harry wasn't sure it would be enough. So, instead, he just repeated his words over and over again. "I don't want to die…I don't want to die…I don't want to die…" That was when it happened; as though the number three was some sort of trigger, something seemed to awaken in Harry as he closed his eyes, his fear and terror coming together as he tried to ride out the cold and the dark. When the feelings of fear and dread filled him up, Harry continued whispering his mantra and, on the third time he repeated his prayer of survival, the young boy let out a gasp when something – he didn't know what, but it had to be something – seemed to hear his prayer and made it a reality. The next thing that Harry knew, he was holding a small, dull, blue-coloured flame in the space between his hands, the flame burning away at the darkness around him and yet, as Harry watched it, he saw that the flame didn't seem to burn the cupboard. It still gave off the same warmth that Harry had seen fire giving others, but it didn't burn anything; not the thick dog-blanket that was apparently a gift to keep him quiet, not the wooden door of his cupboard or the threadbare hand-me-downs that could have doubled as a circus tent. More curious than scared, Harry extended a hand towards the flame and, as he did so, he gave a soft laugh when a ticklish feeling rubbed against the tips of his fingers; at the same time, the flame seemed to fix itself onto the palm of his hand and, as he pulled his hand back, Harry breathed out a cloud of warm air. To his amusement, the flame grew, but once again, it didn't burn anything. Entranced by the flame's strange energy and the warmth that it filled him with, Harry thanked whatever force had given him this gift before, letting out a soft yawn, he closed his eyes and succumbed to sleep's embrace, a part of him aware of the small flame watching over him all night. The strange thing was that, when he awoke the next morning to the usual fierce pounding on the door, Harry saw that the flame was gone. Because he knew how his relatives would take hearing about freakish things happening, he put it down to being nothing more than a dream; However, as Harry was to discover, the seemingly-random events of that cold night weren't the last time that they happened… An Element of Fun The next time that 'It' happened, Harry was seven years old; Unlike last time, it wasn't during the winter that it happened; this time, it was the middle of March and Harry was outside working on Aunt Petunia's prized flowerbeds, doing the best that he could to rid them of the weeds and dead roots that seemed to make the place look ugly – at least that's what Aunt Petunia said. As Harry worked on the flowers, digging up the dead plants and making sure that the healthy ones stayed as such, he paused for a moment to wipe sweat from his forehead before he continued with a strangely-comfortable smile on his face. The reason for the smile was because, unlike other chores the Dursleys gave him – which he suspected weren't things normal kids did like cooking over hot, dangerous fire-lit stoves and working with sharp objects without a care from his guardians about cutting or burning himself – Harry liked working outside with plants and flowers. He couldn't really explain it, but working with nature made him feel calm. Maybe it was because his Aunt, like his Mother – the sister Petunia loved denying even existed – was named after a plant and working with them gave Harry a connection to his Mother that he couldn't quite understand. Maybe he just liked working on something that he could lose himself in. Maybe he was just one of these people whom liked working outside. He didn't know: whatever the reason, Harry enjoyed it and, up until that one day, he'd never had a reason to stop doing so. That all changed when Harry felt something collide with the back of his head, knocking him to the ground while brutish laughter filled his ears. Groaning more from the loathing of the fact that he recognised the owners of the laugh more than the pain itself, Harry lifted his head. As he did so, however, a large hand pinned him to the ground, shoving Harry's face into the mud that he'd just cleaned off the plants and flowers. He didn't really know what happened next, but several years of living with the owner of the fat hands and the brutish, idiotic laughter had told Harry that it would be useless to try and resist. After all, whatever happened, Dudley would turn on his crocodile tears and wail that Harry was somehow hurting him or spoiling his fun and Harry would find himself back in his cupboard before he could even breathe a word. So, until the hand was removed from the back of his aching head, Harry kept still until, apparently-bored with the lack of resistance and pleas for mercy from his cousin, Dudley left with his gorilla-like friends in tow. Lifting his head – and spitting out some of the mud he'd accidentally taken in when Dudley slammed his head into the mud pile – Harry's eyes widened when he saw exactly what Dudley's cronies had done to try and humiliate him this time. Each and every one of the plants that he'd spent the better part of that morning working on was now uprooted, trampled on, ripped to shreds and broken into pieces. All Aunt Petunia had to do was look out of the window or step outside and she'd probably break every window in Privet Drive with her scream; then she'd tell Vernon and he'd probably beat Harry for destroying something of theirs. And if Harry tried to defend himself and say that it was Dudley's friends, then he'd definitely get a beating for lying and spreading vicious rumours about their precious Dinky Diddums , despite the fact that there wasn't a person in all Little Whinging who didn't know that he was a vicious bully. Gathering the broken pieces together, Harry tried to repair the stems that were still, at least, planted into the ground, but there was very little that he could do without making things worse. Gathering some of the mud he'd removed in an attempt to provide sustenance to whatever roots and seeds still lived in the ground, Harry felt a surge of anger rise up in him as he realised just how much he hated the fact that this was yet another