The Age of Thanatos: A Harry Potter Fan Fiction Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its associated characters: all rights belong to JK Rowling. I do not own any crossover references used in the story: all rights belong to their original creators. I do own any OC spells explained at the end of a chapter. Plot: Harry's Philosophy Response: For a long time, Harry was forced to hide his true nature from those who wouldn't understand who he is or what he's become. Then he gets the means to acquire more power and he comes to a decision: no more hiding. Now, the true Harry will rise! Challenge Information: DZ2's 'Harry's Philosophy' Challenge: Harry never lost the Stone to Dumbledore or Voldemort: instead, he kept the item, curious about the power locked within. What he discovered would change everything for him and Hogwarts forever. Rules: Grey, Dark or Evil Harry Dark/Evil Powerful Harry The story MUST start with the Harry-Quirrellmort confrontation How Harry manages to keep the Stone while keeping it out of the hands of Dumbles and Voldemort is up to you Somehow, Harry MUST be in touch with Nicolas Flamel about the Stone's true magic/power In experimenting with the Stone and his magic, Harry unlocks/develops powers and/or abilities that make him stronger Harry must allow NO-ONE to command him on how to use his powers Because Harry is Master of Death, the Stone's properties with Life must play a role on Harry's power (e.g. regeneration, immortality, immunity etc.) If Harry is Dark/Evil, he MUST want to become the new Dark Lord, using the Stone's power to show the world what real power looks like All pairings are welcome Guidelines: Crossovers References Super/OP-Harry Accepted: OP Immortal-Harry Perhaps-eventually Master-of-Death Harry Accepted Through the Stone's power, Harry can somehow unlock/bestow power onto others Accepted Harry transmutes and transfers the Stone into his blood Accepted Using the Stone, Harry becomes immeasurably wealthy Accepted Nicolas and Perenelle know about the hidden power and offer to train Harry Accepted Harry is a descendant/son/grandson of Nicolas and Perenelle Perhaps Tom serves Harry Accepted Slash Accepted Harems Accepted: three males Harry/Multi No Dark Creatures and/or Magical Races are drawn to Harry's power Accepted A prophecy speaks of the power of the Stone being unlocked Accepted Forbidden: Light Harry Weak Harry Dumbledore or Voldemort getting the Stone Harry serving either Dumbledore OR Voldemort Anyone convincing Harry to abandon his quest for power If Dark/Evil: Harry NOT becoming a Dark Lord Harry not using the Stone to gain power Other than that, it's up to you... Author's Note: So, it's weird, I know, but the idea itself is one I used in the Den and now…well, let's just say inspiration knocks and I answer, so let's see how this new and interesting adventure will unfold. Also, with regards to the pairing, I know it's weird and some people will think me either ridiculous or just wrong to do this, but, at the end of the day, that's the fun of Fan Fiction and, aside from being something I've never seen done before, I think it has potential, so, as always, you know what I say to those who choose to hate and disrespect the idea: if you don't like it, then don't read it. Dedication: I'd like to dedicate this story to my many friends and loyal fans: my recommended reads are Kings Never Die by AntarPrince, The Snake in the Lion's Den and The Harry Potter Conundrum by JasminSky, Trichromatic by Late For The Sky, Harry Potter, Harry Snape or Harry Riddle? by SlytherdorAnna and Arts and Sanctuary by DoctorD. Key Pairing: Harry/Draco/Ron/Neville Other Pairings: Luna/Ginny; Sirius/Remus; Lucius/Narcissa; Bellatrix/Rodolphus; Others TBC Normal Speech 'Thoughts' ' Mind Links ' / Parseltongue / Chapter 1: Hiding in Plain Sight "You'll be okay, Harry; you're a great wizard, you really are." Harry managed a small smile as he shrugged in response to Hermione's words, "Not as great as you." "Me?" scoffed Hermione, unaware of the way that Harry rolled his eyes as he heard her almost agreeing with his reply before she asked, "Books and cleverness? Sometimes, there are more important things like friendship and bravery…and Harry, just promise me that you'll be careful." Mumbling a response, Harry watched as Hermione turned and, taking the potion that would return her to Ronald and the previous chambers, she vanished through the flames, leaving Harry alone in the room with the fires on either side of him. Once he was sure Hermione wasn't coming back, however, Harry's smile and his sense of humility vanished as he scoffed before shaking his head, an incredulous, but amused look on his face as he asked, "Friendship and bravery? Who does she think she's fooling? If that isn't a trick to make me admit that she's my superior, I'll eat my wand." Looking down at the vial in his own hand, Harry scowled as he considered his thoughts, a part of him amused at how, even after all this time and everything that they'd been through, neither Granger nor Ronald had been able to realise that Harry was doing nothing more than humouring them while he bided his time for the moment that, as he stood in the chamber, Harry knew was close and rapidly-approaching. The moment where he could cast off everything the witches and wizards thought they knew about him and, as a result, he'd be able to show them the sorcerer beneath his skin. Standing in the chamber, his hand clenched tightly around the vial in his hand, Harry smiled and even managed a chuckle as he himself admitted that he had played his role well enough. The Age of Thanatos From convincing – although given how long it took, it felt more like begging – the Sorting Hat to send him to Gryffindor rather than putting him in his rightful place in Slytherin to playing the ruse of the meek, naïve little boy who knew nothing about no-one and let fools and delusional nitwits lead him like a dog on a leash, he had to actually thank the three Stooges – otherwise known as Vernon, Petunia and Dudley Dursley – for the lesson he'd been forced to learn about hiding who he was from the world. However, while they would prefer him to hide so that their insect of a son could be seen as being better than Harry, the young Gryffindor didn't allow the same for the magical world. He'd scraped together just enough to be considered an A-borderline-EE-grade student, showing his talent in the same fields as his legacy , namely in Quidditch, and in being around trouble when it came knocking. He'd let himself be underappreciated and undermined by his mentor in Potions and even done just enough to scrape through Transfiguration and Charms so that, to his teachers, it looked like he'd inherited just enough of his parents' talents to call himself their son. However, under the unappreciated wizard that he portrayed, there existed a side of Harry that he knew would reveal itself sooner or later, once he was sure that he had everything he needed to break his chains once and for all. After all, even with the ability to hide in the proverbial plain sight, Harry had also picked up a few other skills from his time with the Dursleys. Case in point: Ronald Weasley: now, don't get him wrong: in the long run, Harry could see himself trusting Ron to make his own choices when the time came to show them all who and what he really was, but, at the same time, the real Harry wasn't fooled by the best friend façade he'd displayed from the first moment they'd met in King's Cross Station. Mostly because, if Harry had a best friend, it wasn't someone with a lion on their robe, but he'd get to that later; the point was that, even then, alone in the train station, he'd originally known he would never consider almost any Weasley a friend was when the matriarch of the family had shrieked in the world of the Muggles that the location was the same every year and then asked about the number out loud. If it was the same every year , why would she forget it conveniently in the same term and year that Harry himself started at Hogwarts? Then referencing Ron when Harry asked about the platform and making sure they recognised one another and, of course, the lie about everywhere else being full when Harry and Ron had reunited: honestly, did the redheads think that Harry had as many dust bunnies and mothballs clogging up his brain space as their perfect prick of a Prefect prat of a son did? At first, Ron hadn't noticed Harry didn't bother taking in anything he'd said on the entire journey and, with the exception of the moment where Ron had seemed both shocked and even awed to be around Harry, there wasn't a moment where Harry even considered Ron someone he could be friends with at first, let alone a best friend. But then she had come along and Harry was reminded about why he hated the Muggle world to begin with: arrogant upstarts who believed they had to broadcast their knowledge and involve themselves in everyone else's business like they were supposed to give a damn. And that was nothing compared to the thoughts Harry had about the bossy little brunette bibliophile when he got to know her as a fellow student and a Gryffindor to boot. If Harry hadn't come up with his plan before he'd even gone to Hogwarts, he would have told both the book eater where to stick her friendship and let himself go to Slytherin, but he did have a plan and one of many true tests of it was made when he met the one and only wizard in Hogwarts' student alumni that he considered a friend. Draco Alexander Malfoy: while everyone else believed that Harry and Draco were hateful rivals, the truth was anything but: for one, while Hagrid had gone on a bender in the Leaky Cauldron, Harry distinctly remembered introducing himself fully to Draco and getting to know his future classmate very well. When Draco had offered to escort Harry around the Alley with his parents, Harry had politely declined and, when Draco asked him why, Harry told him that he needed to play a role and, if his plan worked, even Draco would see that the Harry he called his friend was not the Boy-Who-Lived they all knew and idolised. Admittedly, getting sorted into Gryffindor and then having to find a time where he could talk with Draco about everything had been hard, but the mercy was that the blonde wasn't the only person in Hogwarts that knew Harry was playing a game with the rest of the magical world. Even if he did have to make up the excuse of honouring his parents in his own way to the other person, Harry knew that, in the end, the only one he needed to convince of anything was Harry himself. Draco was surprised by Harry's cunning in coming up with the plan, not to mention how he told the blonde that, once he had everything he needed, he'd remove the mask, but the would-be rivals soon became good friends. As a result of their unorthodox relationship, when they weren't publicly spiting one another, they were privately meeting and working together, Draco helping Harry keep on top of his game despite what others thought of him while Harry helped Draco by giving him someone he could talk to that didn't just see the Malfoy name. Of course, like any friends, they had it out when they'd been in the Forest and it had been then when Harry revealed the truth for what it was. Two Months Ago "Wait until my Father hears about this: this is servants' stuff!" "If I didn't know