The Harry Who Returned: A Harry Potter Fan Fiction Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its associated characters: all rights belong to JK Rowling. I do not own any crossover references used in the story: all rights belong to their original creators. I do own any OC spells explained at the end of a chapter. Plot: Dark Times Response: After deciding he'd had enough of being the hero, Harry was given a gift and a deal to change his fate by the one force with the power to do it. All he has to do was become the thing he'd fought for so long: well, why not? Sounds like fun. Challenge Information: DZ2's 'Dark Times' Challenge: At the end of his lifetime, Harry Potter, Master of Death, was given a surprise gift as a 'reward' for his hard work by his vassal: he could go back and change his fate, his future and his destiny, but there's a catch: he has to do it as the new Dark Lord! Well guess what? Harry thinks that sounds like fun. Rules: Dark or Evil Powerful Harry Evil The story MUST start with Harry 'waking up' in his new time or having the talk with Death Why he chose to go back in the first place is up to you Harry MUST wake before the start of first year and decide to change his destiny with everything Using his future knowledge, Harry becomes Rank Number One at Hogwarts in his classes, much to the ire of a certain someone Severus MUST become Harry's ally or his servant as the new Dark Lord The fate of allies AND enemies of Harry's in the previous timeline is up to you EXCEPT Hermione, who MUST be an enemy for the above reason Somehow, Harry MUST wield the Elder Wand and the other Hallows Harry can ONLY be paired with someone NOT normally used in pairings (see Forbidden) Unlike last time, Harry MUST look into arts that grant power (e.g. Necromancy, Blood Magic, Runes, Parselmagic etc.) Sirius MUST get his name cleared Guidelines: Crossovers References Super/OP-Harry Accepted: OP Immortal/Necromancer-Harry Accepted Creature-Harry No Demigod-Harry Sort of Harry/Death – or Angel of Death – pairing No Harry takes his legacies in the past Accepted Somehow, Harry goes all the way and saves Lily and James (yes, as a baby) No Tom offers Harry a place as his equal Perhaps Harry makes Tom serve him Perhaps Grindelwald helps Harry rise to power Perhaps Death Eaters and Dark Creatures join Harry Accepted Slash No Harems No Harry/Multi No Harry/OMC-OFC pairings No As the new Dark Lord, Harry works to look the part by forging a suit of armour Perhaps Others from Harry's original timeline 'wake up' and join Harry (no enemies) Accepted Forbidden: Light or Grey Harry Weak Harry Harry NOT accepting Death's terms Severus against Harry Hermione as Harry's friend Anyone getting Harry off the path of a Dark Lord Sirius on the run Harry NOT wielding the Hallows The following pairings: Harmony, Harry/Ginny, Haphne, Drarry, Snarry, Harry/Luna, Harry/Tom or any combination of them Harry sticking to his original timeline and siding with Good If anyone else wakes up, they MUST be on Harry's side Other than that, it's up to you... Author's Note: So, this is an old story that, admittedly, came back to me recently with some inspiring thoughts and, well, all that I'll say is the usual and nothing else: as always, if you don't like it, then don't read it. Dedication: I'd like to dedicate this story to my good friend Quatermass for being one of the many friends who support and encourage me to never give up: my recommended reads are Kings Never Die by AntarPrince, Renaissance of the Renegades by Quatermass, Paid in Blood by zaterra02, The Rise of Thanatos by JasminSky, Harry Potter and the Shadowed Light by itshanniee and Saviour of Magic by Colt01; Key Pairing: Harry/Pansy Other Pairings: To be confirmed Normal Speech 'Thoughts' ' Thought Speech ' / Parseltongue / Chapter 1: The Master's Will Raining; If there was one thing that you could count on, it was that the rains would fall in the summer in the United Kingdom. Their atmospheric, elemental fury being poured down onto the ground wasn't really anything new, but, at the same time, it was appropriate given the fact that, beneath the sheets of wetness and the rumbles of thunder mixed with the forked flashes of lightning, a lone figure walked through the grim darkness with a purpose. To look at this figure, dressed in a hooded cloak with no allies or any sign of stopping, one would think him a man on a mission, which, of course, he was, but, at the same time, given that the figure was known for reasons of goodness, justice and care, it would have been hard, if not impossible, for anyone to believe that the purposes with which the figure moved to enact were exactly the opposite of those things. There was nothing good about what he was going to do and there was no real caring for the thoughts of others or the opinions of his naysayers and those who called themselves his friends and allies. And as for justice? There was only one justice that mattered to the figure in the cloak and that was the justice he could get for him and him alone! As the rain increased in force, the figure stepped through a rusty iron gate and walked along a narrow stone path before he stopped and, turning to a small cluster of gravestones beneath an overgrown elder tree, the figure took a deep breath before, forsaking the dampness of the weather or the possibility of cold and illness from said rainstorm, he lowered his hood. When he did so, he revealed himself to be a young, handsome-looking young man with dark, emerald-green eyes that seemed to be ringed with redness as well as bags beneath his eyes from lack of sleep and thoughts that had hounded him for the longest time. His eyes were framed by a pair of spectacles that seemed to repel the water with a spell he'd cast on them some time ago while, as he lowered his hood, the young figure also revealed a head of short-cut dark hair and there, highlighted by the spatters of rain that drizzled onto his face, was a pale mark shaped like a bolt of lightning. Walking towards the graves that stood at the centre of the cluster, the young man sniffed once before, ignoring the mud and the slime that clung to his clothes when he did so, he dropped to his knees, revealing the denim clothes that he wore in the process along with the small moleskin pouch that was attached to his waist. Bowing his head before the graves, the young man raised his head and spoke to the graves themselves, "I'm sorry. I only hope you forgive me for being so blind and so naïve that I ignored what was right in front of me this entire time." Opening the pouch at his belt, the young man removed three items, all of which he set between the two graves at the heart of the group: the first item was a wand that was dark, but ridged with berry-like designs that ran along the shaft. The second was a stone that looked like it had been engraved with an odd triangular-shaped symbol while the third was a cloak that the figure folded into a triangle shape before he set it down onto the ground between the graves. Placing the other two items on top of the cloak, the figure stood up and eyed his work, a smirk playing on his lips as he saw the same set up as the symbol that was engraved onto the stone: a triangle – the cloak – that had a small circle across its base – the stone – and a vertical stripe cutting through both shapes in perfect, symmetrical fashion – the wand. The Deathly Hallows, brought together once again for the first time in ages, lay between the graves belonging to Lily and James Potter, both of these graves accompanied by other names, some of which the young man found belonged here with them while others only disgraced the scene. Either side of Lily and James were the graves of Sirius Black – empty since he'd been claimed by the Veil of Death – and Remus Lupin, the latter buried next to his wife and mother of the young man's godson, Nymphadora Lupin nee Tonks. These were the ones that the figure believed belonged here, but then there were the others. Victims of the war that the figure had endured as well as others, all of whom were put there in homage of their fall in the war and the price that they had paid fighting the good fight for the Greater Good. 'For the Greater Good,' Gods above and below, how he hated that expression. As he looked to the graves, the figure, known to many as the Man-Who-Lived, the Hero of Hogwarts and the Chosen One, Harry James Potter, scoffed at the thoughts that crossed his mind while he looked at the other graves, seeing names such as Fred Weasley – all right, so he belonged there as he was a good friend and ally – as well as Lavender Brown and Colin Creevey, who Harry felt belonged there as classmates and lives that shouldn't have been lost in the first place. But then there were others: dark wizards' graves and the remains of bloody Death Eaters including a grave for the psychotic bitch who'd robbed Sirius of his life to begin with, Bellatrix Lestrange. The only name that Harry didn't curse for being there was the former Headmaster, Defence Professor and Potions Master of Hogwarts, Professor Severus Snape, who'd risked more than any other member of the group of graves by risking his life, his soul and his emotions for the sake of some senile old fool who'd used every trick in the book to try and get things the way he wanted them and why? For the Greater Good…and what had his Greater Good achieved? NOTHING! The war was over and, when the dust had settled, nothing had changed. People were still being vindictive, suspicious and questioning, but, more importantly, people were again looking to Harry to be the answer, even though he'd almost lost his life to the war himself, only to be saved by nothing more than coincidence because of a secret he should have learned seven years before. He'd asked Dumbledore flat out about what had brought Voldemort to him. He'd asked many others for answers, but they always looked down on him because they thought he wasn't ready. And now, when everything was over and Harry should have been celebrating his eighteenth birthday, they were doing it again: The Harry Who Returned Earlier that day, while Harry had enjoyed a private moment of peace and solitude, he'd overheard a conversation between none other than Ginny and her vindictive bitch of a Mother talking about their engagement and how she was ready to take Harry's line into her by giving him an heir. This would mean that they could control the kid because Harry wasn't a suitable Father: always getting himself into trouble and with the rumours of the rogue elements of the Death Eaters on the rise, he couldn't be a Father to his own flesh and blood. The worst part was when Harry heard Molly Weasley, a woman whom he'd seen as a maternal figure, reply, "We need to wait a bit longer, Ginny; while you finish your last year, I'll give Harry his potions and get you two back together. Then, once he's ready, you two will wed and he will put our heir in your belly." Sick, twisted, manipulative and sadistic: these were all words