Remnants of a Forgotten Darkness: A Harry Potter Fan Fiction Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of its associated characters: all rights belong to JK Rowling. I do not own any crossover references used in the story: all rights belong to their original creators. I do own any OC spells explained at the end of a chapter. Plot: AntarPrince's Daiyuki Wizard Response: Fear. Fear attracts the fearful, the strong, the weak, the innocent and the corrupt. Fear is my ally. My name is Harry James Potter and I am the Master of Fear and the Darkness that is born from it. A word of advice: fear me! Challenge Information: The Potters are descended form an Old and Powerful Demon Lord whose gene has long since gone dormant. However, one of Harry's near death encounters forces his heritage to manifest Rules: Dark or Evil Harry Evil Powerful Harry Harry must embrace his Demon Blood Anti-Muggle Harry Harry must have a Familiar Other than a Phoenix or Snake or Hedwig At least 1 Pureblood Family Other than the Malfoys or Blacks must Follow Harry Harry MUST educate himself on the Nuances and Customs of Magical Society Guidelines: Crossovers References Harry explores other arts of magic (e.g. Elemental, Necromancy, Blood Magic, Runes etc.) Accepted Moony instinctively recognizes Harry as his new Alpha Accepted Harry possesses a Weapon OTHER than his wand Accepted Resorting Perhaps Master of Death Harry Accepted Harry acquires and/or Calls in at least 1 life debt owed to him Accepted Any Pairings welcome Except Harry/Hermione or Harry/Ginny Slash No Harry Faces a force Greater than Voldemort No Slaves Accepted Forbidden: Idiot Ron (Hate this with a Passion) Harry Turning back to the light Harry Siding with Dumbledore or Voldemort Harry being weak and/or not wanting to acknowledge his Power Harry/Hermione Harry/Ginny Author's Note: So, this is the first of a few ideas I decided to have another go with for the sake of my good friend and giving me a chance to have some real fun with the idea and the darkness in me. Admittedly, this particular idea is a redo of an old one, but I've made a change to the former idea that makes it work much better…fingers crossed. Anyway, expect some seriously dark stuff and some interesting twists and turns and, as always, if you don't like it, then don't read it. Dedication: I'd like to dedicate this story to AntarPrince for creating the challenge and working with such an interesting idea; my recommended reads are Wands, Fangs and Claws by AntarPrince, Lord Thanatos by Scarlette-Moon-Howl, On the Delights of Drinking Blood by Quatermass, Dakaath: Prince of Darkness by LT2000 and Harry Potter: Abysmal by LordFira; Key Pairings: Harry/Luna; Ron/Lavender; Other Pairings: To be confirmed Normal Speech 'Thoughts' ' Mental Voices ' / Parseltongue / Chapter 1: A Mysterious New Friend Darkness. That was the only thing that Harry, Ron and Hermione were aware of as the Hogwarts Express slowed to a grinding halt. It was dark, it was cold and, as much as the kids would admit otherwise, they were scared. As the train slowed to a halt, Harry was dimly aware of Hermione shivering while Ron seemed to be focusing on clenching and unclenching his fists, both of them sharing looks with Harry, though Hermione seemed to continuously look towards the window as she gasped, "This…this shouldn't be happening; it…it says very clearly in…in Hogwarts: A History that…" "Well obviously it is happening, Hermione," said Harry, not meaning to put such venom into his words, but something about Hermione's insistence got on his nerves. He'd never really had cause to doubt her, but, ever since the whole ordeal with them choosing their electives and since Hermione actually believed she could handle everything at once, Harry began to see a new side to her and, as much as he wanted to do otherwise, he found that he didn't like this side of her all that much. Looking across the compartment to where Ron was seated next to Hermione, Harry swallowed hard before he asked, "Do you have any idea what's going on here, Ron?" "I…I think I…I do," replied Ron, his words edged by a tremor of pure fear that surprised Harry: unless he counted the Forest incident from the year before, Harry couldn't remember a time where Ron had sounded as frightened as he did there. "What is it?" asked Harry, a part of him wondering why he didn't seem to be shaking as badly as the other two, although he felt a need for more information right now, so he didn't put it at the top of his list of questions. "D-D-Dementors," gasped Ron, his breath now visible in the air as he explained, "They're...they're supposed to guard Az-Azkaban, but I…I guess that with Black's escape, they…they've been put elsewhere." "But why would they be here?" asked Harry, looking to the door of their compartment as an icy chill suddenly grabbed at the base of his neck. Before Ron had a chance to answer Harry's question, all three members of Hogwarts' infamous Golden Trio let out collective gasps of horror and shock as a tall, shadowy-black figure suddenly appeared at the window in the door. At the same time, the icy sensation seemed to grow while the breaths of the students were as visible in the air around them as steam in a hot bath. The first thing Harry noticed about the unusual figure was that it was very tall; it must have stood about seven or eight feet tall in height and, as he looked at it, he noticed that its body was covered in long black robes that were torn and tattered in places, giving it the look of a figure of malicious intent and demonic origins. As the creature came into full view of the three Gryffindors, Harry was aware of the pale-skinned, skeletal hand that protruded from the creature, the Dementor's, cloak; it was grey and scabbed and deformed in places, its gnarled fingers resembling talons as they traced their tips along the glass of the window pane. "It…it's like it's…s-s-searching for…for something," whispered Ron, earning a sideways look from Harry as he then added, "Or some one! " "Black?" asked Harry, earning a shrug from his red-haired friend. Before either of them could say anything else, however, Harry's attention suddenly reverted back to the Dementor as he heard what could only be described as a hollow moan filling the room. At the same time, Harry felt his heart grow cold, his skin appeared to turn clammy and, at the edge of his consciousness, he was also aware of a sound that he'd never heard before. A scream: high, cold, cruel laughter and what sounded like a person, a woman, screaming his name. As Harry tried to make sense of what he was hearing, he was then aware of another sound; a sibilant, but cold-toned voice that seemed to fill every corner of his mind with words that chilled him to the bone. ' Finally…we have found you… ' There was a blinding flash of white light and, before Harry could make heads-or-tails of what was happening, he was suddenly thrown into the land of darkness, the last thing that he was aware of being the female's scream from before. Remnants "Harry?" The sound of his name made Harry groan as he felt warmth and comfort returning to him. As he tried to find his way back to the light and the voice, Harry was then aware of something that, while it was unusual, also made him feel good in ways that he couldn't quite remember feeling. His head was lying on something soft while a second softness seemed work its way through his hair, the soft touch accompanied by what sounded like random, but beautifully-sounding humming. As his eyes flickered open, much to the relief of the voice that had spoken his name, Harry looked up; as soon as he did so, however, he found himself looking into a pair of cool, almost-ice-like blue eyes that looked down at him from within a smooth, pale face, several strands of pale-blonde hair falling loosely around the face of the young girl as she looked down at him. "Hello Harry Potter," said the girl, her voice slightly musical in its tone, but there also seemed to be something that helped add warmth to Harry as he coughed before slowly pulling himself upright. If the girl seemed offended or insulted in any way, she didn't show it. Instead, she just watched with the others as a new voice spoke up, "Here, eat this: it'll help with the cold." Looking away from the new girl in the room, Harry saw a hand being offered to him, a small bar of what looked like chocolate held in the hand. On the other end of the hand was an arm that, as Harry looked up, he saw belonged to the man who'd been travelling with him, Ron and Hermione. "It's all right, it's just chocolate," said Professor RJ Lupin, his eyes fixed on Harry as he offered the chocolate, which the young boy took thankfully, snapping off a piece and slowly chewing on it. At the same time, Harry was also aware of Ron looking relieved while Hermione seemed to be trying to figure out something that Harry couldn't tell, her eyes narrowed while her head, much to his chagrin, was buried in a book. With a slight feeling of disdain at the sight of Hermione trying to find answers the others couldn't, Harry looked back to Ron, the mysterious blonde girl and Professor Lupin before he finally managed to speak, "Thank you…but…what happened back there? That…that creature…" "The Dementor," explained Professor Lupin, looking away from Harry for a moment as he went on, "It was searching the train for Sirius Black, but it seemed to be drawn to…to something else that made it come after you, Mr Potter. Don't worry, it's gone now." "How?" asked Harry, rubbing his forehead while he munched lightly on the chocolate. Here, Ron let out a scoff before he indicated Hermione as he added, "That's what she's trying to find out; but it was weird, Harry. I mean, it was like that thing was gunning for you and then, oh man, you should have seen Mr…sorry, Professor Lupin move: he waved his wand and cast this spell. There was this white stuff and the Dementor just…it fled." "It's not a spell that you'd find in a book, Miss Granger," Professor Lupin added, his eyes on Hermione as she huffed before slamming her book shut while he went on. "The magic that I used went far beyond any OWL or NEWT spell. While I'd like to teach it to you, I have my lessons planned and none of them involve sending my students against Dementors." "But we need to…" Hermione began, but she was cut off as Harry finally managed to pick himself up off the floor. As he did so, he looked back to the other girl in the compartment as he asked, "And you, Miss? Where did you come from?" "That's Luna," explained Ron, watching as Harry sat back down on his seat while, to the amusement of Ron and Harry, Luna seemed content to rest herself against the wall of their compartment, her eyes still on Harry while Ron went on. "She turned up about a minute after the Dementor left; it…it was weird cause you…you looked like you were having a fit, Harry. Then she held your head on her lap and started brushing your hair while she hummed this…this weird tune and…and you were calm again." "Music and the soft touch of friends can have better results than most therapists," said Luna, her soft voice and apparently-kind demeanour helping to ease the tension in the room as she added, "And if anyone deserves to have a calm sleep, it's you, Harry." "He