Remus Lupin was only 18 when he first met Sirius Black. Of course, he had also met James Potter, Peter Pettigrew and Lily Evans on the same day, but somehow they never sprang to mind as quickly as Sirius, who had made his astounding entrance to their university halls dressed already in his pyjamas, carrying an inflatable dinosaur. Sirius Black was an art student – all long hair and scruffy jeans and leather jackets. He smelled like wet dog and motor oil, and he had a smile like the sun. He played the bass guitar – he insisted that a regular guitar was far too mainstream, and Remus had pretended to be offended, he himself being a guitarist and avid songwriter. Remus studied English literature, and his parents seemed insistent on pushing him into a career as an editor for some poncy book publisher in London, but Remus had other plans. He had always had other plans, ever since he was a kid. Remus wanted to start a band. He had never told anyone his ambition, not before Sirius, he had always found it far too childish and embarrassing. He had been in several at secondary school – playing covers of Arctic Monkeys and Coldplay songs at talent shows and local pubs – but he had always been holding out for university. That was where all good bands met. When Sirius had heard he had grinned. He and James had been best friends since they had attended an expensive boarding school as kids. They both came from rich families – Sirius' was aristocratic, an old French house who apparently still married for business (Sirius had told Remus that his mother was Korean, and had married his father to secure a deal between his family and theirs. Sirius would never tell Remus what his family sold, and hardly ever spoke about them anymore – he hadn't talked to them in years). James' father ran a business selling hair styling products, which had taken off in James' youth, meaning that he had grown up in the lap of luxury. James was possibly the richest person that Remus had ever met; he studied marketing and always went to lectures in a suit, and was up at the crack of dawn every day to jog for three hours. James was probably the least relatable member of the band, but he kept them all together – he was the backbone, connecting them all and keeping them in time. It made sense to Remus that he was the drummer. For a while it was only the three of them, practicing in the kitchen on Friday and Saturday afternoons when they had no lectures and no one was trying to sleep. They wrote original songs and played them at the union in competitions, but never got very far. They always felt like there was something missing from their line-up, and when they found out that their flatmate Peter played the keyboard, they realised what that was. Finally, their line-up was complete. Remus as the frontman, his voice as soft as the oversized jumpers he wore and his lyrics as poetic as the books he studied for his degree. He played lead guitar and sang, finding that when he was on stage all of the anxiety he felt daily dissipated, and he suddenly felt lighter and free in the spotlight. Sirius was the bassist, brooding and moody like his basslines. He always insisted that the bassist was the sexiest member of any band, and so that was where he felt he belonged – Remus didn't feel the need to argue with that. James played drums, but also wrote songs on the side. They were mostly about this one girl he had been pining over for the majority of his university career, who had lived in the room across from his. After James and Lily had started dating he had played them to her. She hated them all. Peter made up the quartet, playing keyboards and rhythm guitar, whichever was needed. He was a short, chubby boy with a pale face, and he was studying to be a primary school teacher, which he seemed to be far more invested in than the band but nevertheless, he was an integral part. Each of the boys were. If any one of them left, the rest would surely fall apart. It had been several years since they had met, and since then they had cycled through many names, finally settling on one that they believed captured their youths perfectly. The Marauders were fresh out of university; broke and without connections, but eager to make their name in the music scene. They lived together – all five of them – Lily having been made an honorary member and (reluctant) manager of the band on account of the amount of time she spent with them. Remus wondered if she regretted agreeing to date James, seeing as he had roped her into this crazy endeavour. Nevertheless, she persisted no matter how exasperating she found the boys to be, and begrudgingly used her accounting degree to manage the band's finances. "If you hate doing this so much then why are you still here?" Sirius asked her one afternoon, while the five of them lounged on beanbags in the living room/kitchen/peter's bedroom. Their flat technically only had three bedrooms, but they had managed to fit a futon in between the fridge and the sofa so that Peter had a place to sleep. He had gotten the short straw, having to sleep in the communal area because, as Sirius had said, Peter was the least likely one to get laid. Lily tutted, looking up at James before turning back to give Sirius a pointed look, her lips pursed. "I'm doing this because if I left you to your own devices, you would spend all your money on a bouncy castle and then starve to death." James let out a hearty chuckle from where he sat on the opposite side of Lily, his arm draped lazily over her shoulder. "She's got a point, mate." He said, raising his eyebrows. They had been sat there for almost an hour listening to Lily complain about how much time she had to spend budgeting for the boys and how little time this left her to try to find a job anywhere else. James had been listening attentively, nodding and encouraging her as often as Sirius was criticizing her. Remus hadn't been paying much attention, playing his acoustic guitar in the corner of the room and working out a new riff, while Peter lazed on his futon and gave him feedback. Sirius was pouting – he always had been a drama queen – and crossed his arms across his chest, looking slightly ridiculous, swallowed up by the giant blue beanbag. "I would not buy a bouncy castle," he said, "I'd buy a karaoke machine so I could finally show up Remus." Remus stopped playing at that, smirking and looking over at the bassist. "There's a reason you only sing backup, dearest," he called, his voice mocking sweetness, "we want the audience to actually buy our vinyl." "Speaking of reckless spending," Lily piped up, pulling her accounting notebook from her bag and addressing the entire group, "who's fucking smart-arse idea was it to press your EP onto vinyl? No one even buys your CDs, why did you ever think that getting records was a good idea?" "That was James." Peter said absently, not looking away from his phone screen, which he was studying carefully, holding it above his face where he lay. James shrugged. "Our target market is the hipster kids with those shitty record players from urban outfitters, he explained, "they love that shit." Lily huffed, and scribbled down some numbers on the page in her notebook before looking back up at James. "Could your dad lend you some money, maybe?" This was a topic of conversation that often came up. It was a well-known fact that James' family were multi-millionaires, and that back at their home in India the Potters owned an entire penthouse apartment manned with ten staff. How James had ended up with no money in a tiny London apartment was beyond Remus, but James seemed too scared of his father to ask him for any cash. "Dad's already paying for this place," James shrugged, "I wouldn't want to ask him for anything else." Sirius sighed, uncrossing his arms and throwing them up in the air as he spoke. "You need to grow a backbone mate! Your dad is minted; he can spare a couple of hundred to cover a run of records." James squirmed uncomfortably in the beanbag, sinking a little further into it and taking his arm from around Lily's shoulders. She patted his knee and gave him a comforting smile, before crossing out one of her notes on the page and slipping the notebook back into her bag. "Oh well," She said, "I'm sure we can make it back with tickets and merch sales over the next month." "I really do admire your optimism, Lils." Remus said, going back to the riff he was working on, trying not to think about how much debt the band had racked up in the past few months since leaving university. The band made very little money; mostly playing free gigs in the city for charities or open mic nights to try and get their music out there. The Marauders had a few loyal fans, and a few hundred Twitter followers, but that was nothing. They were still waiting on their first paid booking. Sirius scoffed, crossing his arms again, the pout still sitting purposefully on his lips. Remus eyed him carefully, starting to get sick of his attitude. Sirius always got touchy when money came up, probably on account of the fact that he had used to be rich and now was barely getting by, having to work at a fast food restaurant five days a week. Still, his attitude was starting to rub Remus the wrong way, and he caught his eye, giving the bassist a sharp shake of his head as a way of telling him to lighten up. Sirius stuck out his tongue in response. Remus rolled his eyes. "What are you working on, Moony?" Sirius asked pointedly, putting on a false air of positivity and giving Remus his best winning smile. Sirius had given Remus the nickname during their first year of university, after Remus had had a few too many ciders and mooned the rest of their halls on a dare. Remus hated it, but the others had dumb nicknames too so he tolerated it. At least it wasn't as embarrassing as Peter's. Remus didn't stop his strumming, moving his fingers methodically through a scale to try to work out a more suitable note to fit at the end of his riff. "What do you think I'm working on?" He smirked, "'S a new song, isn't it? Someone's got to write them, seeing as you haven't had any 'inspiration' for the last year." Sirius tutted, his fake grin only faltering for a second, however. "Well, you see, Moonbeam, it's quite difficult to get inspired when all you do all day is flip burgers." "I'm sensing a lot of anger, Sirius." Peter interjected, putting his phone down on the futon beside him and propping himself up on one elbow. "Maybe we should talk this through?" "Wormy, are you using primary school methods to try to calm me down?" Sirius looked hurt – offended, even – that Peter would stoop so low as to use his degree against his true friend and bandmate. Peter raised his eyebrows and spoke in a dry, flat voice, "Yes." He said, "It's how you're supposed to deal with children ." He sighed, sitting up properly and picking his phone up again, checking the time on the screen before addressing the group, "Speaking of, I've got to go do a lesson plan