Punk!Nico X Nerd!Will AU. Solangelo ~Hold Tight, Don't Let us Go~ They were far too different. The way they dress. Their hobbies. Their taste on almost everything. The way parts of society looked at them. He's opposite of what the other was. And interaction between them, though completely normal and accepted by some, still sends unnerving edge to people who will never understand. Whose understanding are as narrow as it can possibly be. Whose minds are not open with the idea of change and of diversity, let alone of the idea that two opposite individuals can work really well together. Not that they need to mind. People wouldn't care on something they have no idea about. Well, it wasn't that much of a deal. Most of the time. "You should stop with the glaring. I am being serious for once, Will" Cecil nudged his friend as both walked through by the hallways, passing by the group of punks currently in the mood of ignoring the rest of the student body and almost fawning on one of their members, dark and mysterious Nico di Angelo who seemed to have gotten a tattoo that weekend but is only showing it off now. "I am not glaring" Will Solace frowned at his friend. Is it even legal to get tattooed when someone's barely seventeen? Not that the issue had stopped di Angelo before from having a tattoo or piercing his lips or whatever punks tend to do with their bodies. "If you're not glaring, then why are you looking at di Angelo with such intensity?" Cecil raised a brow at the other "Unless, you're secretly undressing him in your mind and pretend glaring so people won't find out" The blond turned scarlet red. "That's ridiculous! I would never result to that!" Cecil laughed. "In all seriousness though, what's with the hate?" "I don't hate him" "You sure about that?" "Yes I am. Look, Cecil the situation is really complicated between me and di Angelo but I don't hate him" Will opened the door to their class. "So can we please just drop the topic for now?" "…Fine. Be thankful Lou isn't here to back me up" Will noticed Nico's questioning glance at him. He chose to ignore. Maybe it's better that way. Nico frowned at Will's retreating figure. He had seen the intense look sent his way. "Nico? Are you listening?" Piper waved her hands in front of the boy prompting Nico to blink and give her attention. The rest of the group had head out to their respective classes, living the two alone. "Sorry. What was that?" "I said cool tattoo. Where'd you get it? I feel like having one" Piper frowned at her friend "Never mind that for now. Are you okay? You look bothered" Nico shook his head and tried acting normal. "It's nothing, so are you sure about getting a tattoo?" "Nico…" Piper gave the other a worried glance. "Not now, Piper" Nico chose to ignore Piper's attempt in helping him solve whatever it was that's bothering him. He's mind still on a certain blond. What the hell is Solace's problem? "Everyone seems to be liking di Angelo's new tattoo" Nyssa subtly pointed towards said object of conversation. "Well, it does look good on him. Adds to his punk" "Well, I don't like it" Will stated frowning at Nico's figure. "He should stop stuffing his system with too much ink. Doesn't he know that it might cause him skin cancer? Or he might develop an allergy or a skin rash?" "Since when are you concerned for his well being? Last time I checked, you didn't even know the other existed until that one Library incident" "Because I'm hi-" Will stopped himself before anymore words can come out. "Never mind. Also, the incident happened six months ago. Why can't anybody let go?" "It's considered a bloody miracle. How you survived a day being trapped with di Angelo. What with his reputation and all" Nyssa explained "I mean, we all thought he would have crippled you or something? Maybe make you cry or lower your self esteem with his glare of death" "He's not that kind of guy. He's a punk not a bully' "How would you know? You barely take participation with the rumors going around" "Cause they're just rumors. di Angelo ain't that bad" Will slightly raised his voice, suddenly turning all defensive. Nyssa looked at him unimpressed. "And you would know it because?" "I spent a night with him and he's not half bad. People just assumed that just because he's a punk, who mostly keeps to himself and ignores people's advances that he's self centered and obnoxious. He's not. He's much more than that" Will dropped it at that and said no more. Nyssa chose to not comment. "Are we gonna start talking about how much Will wants to undress di Angelo and possibly bang him in a wa- Lou was cut off via a pillow thrown her way. The girl rolled her eyes and muttered about hitting bull' eye on a nerve. "Yes, yes we are but of course, Will here is still in the state of denial' Cecil comfortably laid down on Will's bed before having joined by Lou Ellen. The two started fighting over a pillow. "Don't mess my bed. I just made it" Will was ignored. "You know, if you want to let your sexual frustrations out, Lou and I are here" Cecil rolled over and winked suggestively. Lou pretended to throw up and Will looked at him with disgust. "Please stop. There's a reason why we're just buddies without the fucking involved' "Yeah, Cecil who would want to fuck you?' Lou mocked. raising Cecil shirt and blatantly patting his stomach "You're starting to develop flab" "Ouch. And here I thought you love me for what I am" "You've heard wrong. I only love Will" "Then what am I here for?" Cecil clenched his chest dramatically. "Why, comic relief, of course" Cecil made a comical gasp at that. "How dare you mock me! Someday., people are going to flock over this" He presented himself dramatically. The room was filled with laughter for a little while. Until the air seemed to have turned bit heavy. "… Seriously though, what's the deal between you and Nico di Angelo?" Lou's curiosity had won. Again. "Yeah. You two look like you want to lock the other inside a room and perform some rated mature content, viewer discretion is advised" "I don't look at di Angelo that way!" "Of course you don't. You only look like you'd be willing to ravish him, private room or not" "You sometimes look at him like a lustful puppy, it's getting ridiculous" "No! I do not!" Will protested. Lou and Cecil looked at each other smirking before looking back at Will. "We're your friends Will. We know you more than the back of our palms" Will groaned at his friends. If only they actually knew. Throughout the week, Nico's new tattoo had been the center of conversations. Everyone seemed appalled by the very idea. Most figured it to be a great conversation starter, which sounded really ironic knowing that the guy who sported it isn't much of a conversationalist himself. Everyone is in a buzz about it. All, except one. Will Solace. Nico still can't figure out why. And it's about time he does. "Is there a problem?" Will just realized that it was only him and di Angelo left in the room. He blamed the typical student's drive into moving as fast as they can away from the suffocating four corners of a room. Or maybe he's just a slowpoke. Will inwardly cursed as he spoke, trying to sound as casual as possible, Why does Lou Ellen chose to feign sickness that day and Cecil just have to get dragged by the Stolls? "There's no problem. Everything's fine. Why would you even think that there's a problem?" "Liar. Something's bothering you," The smirk carved within those lips, Will really wanted to erase that. "It's much obvious, Sunshine" Also the fact that Nico di Angelo can always talk him into spilling the beans. Damn. "I feel frustrated and annoyed. Possibly mad. There I've said it" Will shoved his book inside his back pack a little to harshly "Happy now?" Nico blinked with confusion. "Why?" "You got yourself a tattoo, again" "Is that it? Me getting inked? I thought you'll at least appreciate it" Nico sounded a little baffled "You're my inspiration after all and it's pretty popular" "It's too popular" "You were the one who told me to socialize with people more. So I don't get were you're coming from" "Because it's too popular" Will repeated the word, adding emphasis to every single syllable. "Yes, and everyone likes it" "That's the thing! Everyone likes your new tattoo and now they're kind of really fixated with it and they're all over you and do you have any idea how that makes me feel?" Will admitted with frustration as he zipped his backpack none to gently "It's already hard that we need to keep our relationship a secret but do I really have to share the littlest time I can have with you?" "You're jealous" Nico's tone wasn't mocking, nor was it questioning. He sounded completely normal. "Yes, I am" Will knew there won't be any point in trying to deny. "I'm jealous of the fact that I'm the person you're dating but I'm the last person to get attention" Nico stared at him. Shocked. "I'm sorry you need to feel that way" Nico breathed deeply. Will sent the other a deep frown. "Sure doesn't look like it" The other looked at him with confusion. "What? Just what do you mean by that?" "We're keeping it a secret, and I told you I'm fine with that and I am, don't get me wrong and I am not demanding for your attention even if I really crave for it but there are moments when I would start questioning what we have, Nico" Will can no longer deny the bitterness in his tone "You're not ready to be out. To make us, public and that's fine but there are days where I like to question. Until when? Until when will all the denials going to be? The hiding? Because as much as I might be okay with our current set-up, I do get tired" "Will…' "…sometimes, I wonder if this relationship is worth taking the risk. Just, think about it for now, Nico" Will had walked out not bothering to spare even a glance. "You, Okay?"Of all the people who could have found her, it just had to be the resident love guru. Great. "Hey, Piper" The girl sat down beside him. "It's Will, isn't it?" Nico's eyes widened by a fraction. "How did you know?" "I'm not the campus love guru just for the title, Nico" Piper admitted "And, also you're someone really intriguing and I just have to do some investigating. Sorry" "You stalked me?" "I call it researching for future reference" "How long have you known? And you don't mind that I'm gay?" "Three, four months" Piper shifted position to make herself more comfortable. "Long enough for me to know that there's something going on. You know it'll be best if you talk about it with someone. And why would I mind? Having a gay buddy is like having another sister you can confide in though I can't imagine you flaunting your gayness around. You're more of the proud but silent type" "Yeah, Will's more of the outgoing one" "It's actually kind of funny how you're the punk and he's the nerd but he's more sociable with people. Then again, I shouldn't be stereotyping people" Piper paused "So do you want to discuss it with me?" Nico stared on the ground and before he knew it, he started to confess. Piper listened without interruption. "I don't know what to do about it" "He's