Third installment to the Solangelo post-it notes AU. You can check on my profile for the other two. It's been half a year since Nico had walked the grounds of New York. The city, as always was this busy, loud and buzzing world that seemed to have taken a great liking into living life a little too fast paced. There's an emotion that seemed to have taken over his entire system much more than excitement. Fear. Sure, he was looking forward to seeing everyone he had left. How are they? How was their life the entirety of his absence? Did they miss him? How had Will been? Is he fine? Had his life been a lot more exciting after Nico was no longer in his life? Probably. Nico can't say the same. Will. He had already taken a constant spot into Nico's life, a spot so strong he can never truly take out. Six months might have been longer than the almost two months they've spent exchanging notes but memories either you'd want to forget them or not would forever be etched into a permanent part of your brain and somewhere else far more special. "Maybe it's about time you try moving on?" Kayla advised as she sat down next to her brother "It's been six months, Will. You can only try to hold on for so long" "That's the problem. I don't want to let go because all those what ifs are preventing me from doing so" "Will, moving on is a closure" "Easy for you to say, your not the one currently in my shoes" Kayla sighed "You're right, I'm not but I'm saying this because I'm your sister and I care for you and if telling you to move on would be better for you, then I'll tell you over and over again" Will fell silent , his eyes focused on the shoe box currently on his bed. The box had held memories, notes he had posted daily for the last six months. Notes he never got a single reply to. "It's not easy" "It will never be easy, Will but you have to at least try. For your own sake" Will nodded, obviously still with reluctance but Maybe he really needed this. "I need to do something, can you help me?" Kayla gave a brief nod "I'll go get Austin" When Nico finally decided to visit the place he dreaded the most, not because he feared the place but because it held those bittersweet memories he was trying to let go, he expected to see the exact same and boring phone booth. One that people still often pass by, maybe give a glance or to but momentarily forgotten once they take the next step. What he never expected was it to be filled with countless post-it notes. All addressed to him. -Hi, so you haven't replied to any of my previous notes and I'm starting to get worried. Are you okay? Please write a note back. -Guess who just got accepted to med school? Me! I am a genius- not really cause I barely slept studying. Anyways, write back - Have I told you something offending? Because if I did, can we discuss it and also I'm sorry. Just please write back. -I'm starting to really miss your presence, you know. Not that I'll exactly know how to physically but. Ah well you get what I mean. -Do you hate me? -Just one word, Nico -Can you at least tell me if you wanted to stop this? And why? I'll try to understand your reasoning. Just don't leave me hanging. -My friends told me I'm being stupid for still posting notes but I simply can't let things go. -Happy fourth of July. I hope your celebration is a blast. -I got a kitten from the shelter. Do you want to help me name it? -"What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet." Yes, I just quoted Shakespeare -They're all telling me to just finally let you go. But I don't think I can just yet. Have you let me go? -Are you okay? If you don't want to be my friend then fine I'll let you be just please tell me you're okay -Seriously starting to get worried here -Nico. Please. Just one word Nico kept on reading each and every single note with random emotions slowly building up inside him. Confusion, puzzlement, fear, hope and a few others he can't be bothered to name right now. It doesn't make any sense. Why would Will keep on posting notes when he had already given him his contacts? Why haven't Will contacted him instead? Basing on whatever was written on the notes, it looks like Will never got his note. Oh. Nico's eyes widened as things finally started making sense. The lack of contact from Will. The feeling that he should have felt a little disappointed but for some reason could not. The bunch of random post-it notes that had almost taken over the entirety of the phone booth. It's all clear now. Will never got his note. Nico felt a sudden feeling of relief which never really settled for so long as his whole body suddenly felt that familiar tingle of nervousness. If Will never got the note then there's been a lot of misunderstanding. Nico can only feel the worst. Contemplating for a few moments, the young man walked out of the booth with all the posts still tucked on their places. There's a decision he needed to make. That morning, Will had planned on giving everything a one last glance. Maybe salvage whatever memory he can bear that wouldn't hurt so much because try as he might, he can never fully let go. Then he would be moving on. Or maybe step as far away from the memories as he can. That was the whole plan. Until it wasn't. "Hey, uhm. Excuse me?" There was a person inside the phone booth The boy, around a head shorter than Will with pair of eyes that seemed to be analyzing Will's very soul as if he were to be judged today and with an aura that felt a bit intimidating and yet for some reason gives Will that mysterious sense of security It also doesn't help that the other looked all cryptic and secretive. The boy stared down at Will before seemingly having realized something. "It's you..." "What?" Will blinked in complete confusion Also, damn the boy's got an accent Will would totally dig for. "You're the guy" The boy's eyes bore down on him. His gaze filled with worry, fear and a tad bit wary with rejection. The last one confused Will a lot. Why would the guy felt wary with rejection when he had only seen him now? Unless the cute guy is an apparent admirer of his. Yeah that seems unlikely. Will mentally slapped himself to focus on the apparent situation. "I'm the what guy now?" "The one I've exchanged notes with" The boy took a deep breath. "It's you. You're Will" Will said that he would let go and finally move on. That decision had been thrown out the very second the boy who claimed to be Nico had asked him out for a talk At McDonalds. "Really, Now" Will raised a brow as the boy paid him no heed and went in line on the counter. "Shut up. I'm hungry" Will can't do nothing more but raise his hand in surrender. "Fine, I forfeit this argument for now. Can I have a burger though" "Now you're talking sense" "I'm simply hungry without much if a choice. I'll go find us a table" Will scanned around with Nico simply waving him of. Nico had joined him not long after "So..." Will decided to start the undoubtedly awkward conversation. Nico looked at him as if trying to contemplate whatever words would be coming out of his head. "There's been a misunderstanding" Will stared at the other with disbelief. Nico disregarded the look on his face and went down to explaining things. "That day you thought I stopped posting notes, I actually left you one. I have no idea what happened to it and why you never got it in the first place but I did." "Then why aren't there any notes that followed? I had been leaving you a note almost every day" Nico shook his head "If I had known about it, I would have done something but I had no way of doing so. That last note I left you, they held my contact information" Will's was still skeptical but managed to ask something "Why would you leave me your contacts?" Nico shrugged "I think I want to retain communicating with you. I took a flight to Europe and only just got back a couple of days ago" "Oh" Will didn't feel that hungry anymore. The information he found out is just that much of a shock to him. Now that things are starting to clear out, Will felt a little mad at himself for his misplaced disappointment "Wait if you did left your contacts but I never did get your note then..." "Yeah. I actually thought that you rejected my approach and realized you wanted nothing more to do with me. Like you finally got annoyed or something. Funny, I actually felt being stood up which I really don't know how it feels cause I never dated" "Sorry" Both realized now that none of it were their fault and the word wasn't really necessary and yet it had been spoken if only to bring them closure. But now that they're both there and talked things out it suddenly felt like in a sudden rush of things. Six months. They've waited for a long six months for this day and then all of a sudden everything just seemed so fast paced. Will felt himself being overwhelmed. "Since there's clearly been a misunderstanding between us. Why don't we start over with a clean slate?" The boy, Nico he's name is Nico looked at him with relief before giving a brief nod. "Hi, I'm Will Solace. The guy who bothered you with your post-it notes. I'm sure I invaded your privacy but no, I'm not going to say sorry because I don't regret ever doing it. Nice to finally meet you" "Uhm, Nico di Angelo. Also you're an asshole for invading my privacy but I kinda had gotten grown with your antics so you're definitely cool in my books. And sorry for being a jerk" "So, friends?" Will held out a hand. Nico blinked and did a double take before finally accepting Will's outstretched hands. Both felt the electricity that have coursed their veins but none of them spoke of it. It was one thing to admit those feelings to themselves but speaking of it in front of the other was a tad bit dangerous. How are you to admit, after all that you've fallen deep with someone through just mere exchange of words. And that those feelings, no matter the denial and the attempt to make it go away never truly does. In fact, that very moment that you thought it had gone numb and dull that's the moment when it suddenly starts attacking you without mercy. But words are powerful, aren't they? Their meetings never stopped from there. They talked. They changed stories and told tales of their own adventures. They joked around. They were happy in each other's presence and though both of them wanted more maybe for the moment what they have is enough. They've exchanged contacts not long after. They would message each other in random hours and call whenever they can. But for some reason, they never stopped communicating with post-it notes and leaving them inside the red phone booth. Maybe it had been the nostalgia that came with it. The sentimental value or the memories it'll