Summary: The you're the slightly-on-the-weird-side guy in class who actually talks to the plants and I'm that one oddball who obviously doesn't belong and you might not like me since we've argued a lot but the plant I want to care for is dying and I am now seeking your help AU. aka The Botany Class AU that no one asked about but I still wrote because I'm such a Solangelo trash. Will Solace had no idea what to think of one Nico di Angelo. The guy, who seem to emit an aura darker than darkness itself is simply an oddball (then again, anyone who doesn't like the sun is an oddball to him). The boy is a bit of a loner who seem all gloomy and uncaring about the world all the time. He dresses in all black. He doesn't talk to anyone and is totally unapproachable. A perfect example for a human being who won't fit on a light and friendly environment such as their school's Botany Class. So it had been puzzling to Will when the boy walked to their class that day, occupied one of the empty seats and proceeded to busy himself with glaring at the board and ignoring the strange look the other students had been giving him. "Stop glaring at the board, Nico" Ms. Persephone, the teacher in charge of their class walked in whilst pushing a trolley with her. "Why am I even here?" Nico had asked, voice sounding disrespectful and bitter. He looked up, glare now focused on the teacher but Persephone seemed unfazed. In fact, she simply looked at Nico with sympathy in her eyes. "Because I think you needed it" The teacher spoke calmly. "No I don't! You don't know what I need" Nico retorted back. Harshly. "You don't know anything!" "I'm just trying to help, Nico" Persephone tried pacifying amidst the current ruckus and her class being curious as to what was going on. "If you want to help then just leave me alone!" With that Nico stood from his seat and walked out of the room. Persephone sighed and breathed deeply, eyes mirroring sadness for a moment before facing the class with a smile. "Now class, sorry for the little drama. I assure you, Nico will be back to joining us by tomorrow but for now, I'm officially assigning each of you a plant to take good care of..." Will actually stopped listening by then. What just happened? Nico di Angelo did came back in class the next day. ~Solangelo~ Nico di Angelo is an annoying piece of shit whose level for caring is close to zero. Okay, maybe that was going a bit too far. However, for someone who values every living thing (except for weeds, smoking and his fourth grade Science teacher, which are all nuisance) Will can't help himself but take Nico's actions as some deep kind of insult to life. Really, not everyone has got green thumbs but does he really have to end up killing every single plant assigned to him? Just look how the leaves of that poor little Bonsai had wilted. Or that Sunflower. Or that Anthurium . Or even that Cactus. Or the many other plants that Will really doesn't want to remember right now. It doesn't help that the plants seemed to look pleadingly at Will, begging to be saved from the boy whose hands are responsible for their demise. Rest in peace, plants. May you find Elysium. ~Solangelo~ Will Solace must have been some sort of a criminal from his previous life. And he's currently being punished in this life. That or his sister Kayla had been telling the truth about his birthmark being a source of bad luck. Why? You ask so? He had just been assigned as Nico di Angelo's class partner. "Why do I have to take care of it? It's going to die soon anyway" Nico stated stubbornly. Will wanted to either strangle himself or Nico. Himself to stop his exasperation and Nico to stop being annoying. Why does the boy have to be so difficult? "Well, mister di Angelo it's not dead yet which means we can still save the plant and so save the plant we shall!" Will smiled enthusiastically . Nico scoffed, still uninterested. "It's a hopeless case for it." Will glared at Nico before he started stroking the plant's leaves affectionately. "Don't listen to the evil overlord, he's just a grumpy man" "...and the crazed weirdo started talking to the plant. Lunatic." The blonde gasped, scandalized. "I must let you know that talking to the plants let them grow. How can you not know that? You uncultured swine!" "First, 'uncultured swine' is so overused. It's not even that insulting. And excuse me for not being overly attached with plants" "Of course, you can never be attached. You don't care about anything" Will argued back. Nico fell silent, clenching his fists. "Take that back, Solace" "What? That you don't know how it is too care? It's true, you don't care at all. Maybe the reason you're all alone is because people got tired of you and you're attitude!" Will mocked back. Nico stopped and glared at the blonde with full on hatred and started breathing heavily as if trying to keep his anger in check. "Shut up. Shut up because you don't know anything" With one last look of hatred. Nico walked out of the room. "We know you can't stand di Angelo but I think that's too much" Cecil spoke from the other table while Lou Ellen simply looked at her friend disapprovingly. Will ignored his friends, trying not to think about the boy he just argued with. He had been aware of his own actions but why does it hurt so much seeing the pained look on Nico's eyes? ~Solangelo~ Nico did not come to class the entire week. Nor did he actually attended any of his classess. And for some reason, the faculty never questioned his absence as if they already got an idea where he might be. And Will? He found himself searching for his presence. "I think saying sorry to di Angelo would be great. Don't you think so too?" Will asked the fortune plant near the door whilst wiping its leaves with a cloth in hand. He paused as if listening to something. "You're right, I shouldn't have said that to him" Will nodded at the plant. "That was so inconsiderate of me" His classmates simply passed him by, already aware of his more than odd habit of talking to the plants that it had been considered a norm. ~Solangelo~ Nico finally attended class when a girl named Thalia had practically dragged him inside and even sitting next to him during the whole period. Will noticed how much more relaxed and comfortable Nico is that day. ~Solangelo~ "I don't even see how assigning me as his partner would do any good." Will decidedly talked to the teacher the following week after he had a fight with Nico. "We just kept on arguing with each other. I'm starting to think it'll be hopeless if we keep working together" "Will, I refuse to believe that it is that to Nico. The boy just needs time and a lot of help from people. He needs someone who he can talk to and be his confidant and listen to him without being judged. I know Nico's being difficult but can you please try to be patient with him?" "Why are you even dead-set with helping di Angelo. It's not that it's my business but..." "Nico, he wasn't always like that" Persephone spoke up "He used to smile and he was such a happy kid. Do you know that his laughter is actually contagious? Like it could easily brighten up everything?" "Are you related? I don't mean to impose but you seem to personally know each other" Somehow the idea of a happy Nico gave warm feelings to Will. "Nico and his half-sister Hazel are actually my stepchildren. I married their father, Hades four years after Nico's biological mom died in an accident" Persephone revealed as she motioned for Will to take a seat. "Nico and his siblings, they're all close knitted. Him, Hazel and Bianca used too look after each other. Treating each other equally even if Hazel had actually been a product of their father's affair with another while Hades' was still married to Nico and Bianca's mother" Will listened as the information came out. "I came into the picture, almost a year after Maria di Angelo died of a disease. I had been just a friend but Hades and I, we started dating and soon I found myself being the new mother to three adorable kids. At first, I had been afraid of not being welcomed but Nico and his sisters treated me real well as if I had been a part of their family from the very start" Persephone narrated as she offered her student some snacks and a glass of iced tea "But that's enough of me. We're here to talk about Nico. Anyways, Nico he's a happy child full of enthusiasm and is actually into the nerdy side of things. He would always play this game called mythomagic and he's into the Avengers and Dr. Who and Danny Phantom. He would often blurt out questions, no matter how ridiculous if only to satisfy his own curiosity." Will was surprised. The Nico from the past is a total opposite to the Nico of the present. "Then why? Why did he change so much?" The teacher paused as her hands shook ever so slightly and yet Will had noticed. "It actually started the day Bianca unexpectedly died" Persephone said as calmly as she could while stopping the tears that was threatening to fall down. "... How did she die?" The teacher simply shook her head. "I don't think it's my place to tell you what had transpired that day but... Nico blames himself for his sister's death" Nico blames himself for his sister's death. Somehow that phrase never left Will's thoughts. ~Solangelo~ Will is aware he did make a promise and he intends to keep it but can the fates please let the boy cooperate. "di Angelo, I told you not to drown that plant with water. That's the type that doesn't require that much water and overdosing it will kill it" "Maybe I am drowning it on purpose" Nico replied back, uncaring. Will sighed and took the watering can from the other boy. "Okay, this wouldn't work" the blonde admitted "It's obvious you won't be cooperating" "Finally figured it out? Took you long enough" Will simply smirked at the others words causing Nico to actually look at the other with slight nervousness... even if it barely lasted a second. "Wrong, di Angelo. The genius in me already knew. That's why I sought the help of Ms. Persephone" "I hate you" Nico glared. Will simply smiled back. ~Solangelo~ There had been days when Will could see Nico looking more broken than he already is... And during those times, he always finds himself wanting to make the pain all go away. At first, it had been weird. He hated Nico before so what changed now? Maybe it had been the fact that behind all of Nico's uncaring exterior is a guy who desperately wants someone to make things all okay. Will wanted to be that someone. He finally admitted -at least to himself- that he likes Nico di Angelo. ~Solangelo~ "Class, today I'll be assigning you new plants to care for" Persephone walked in the next day. "This time, I'll be assigning everyone with different types of Orchids. Like your previous projects, you'll be working with your partners. Now, each orchid had a different means of care and I want all of you to use the duration of this period to search about the ones assigned to you" Will had never seen Nico more determined than