Happy Turkey Day! I hope that nobody is thinking about bringing a turkey to 'Cray's' house today. It's so sad to think about what happened to Gale over a single turkey, but instead of thinking about those burning forty-something lashes, cherish this moment between Gale and Katniss, Rory, Prim, Vick, Hazelle and Ms. Everdeen. Be grateful for the things you have in your life right now. Because at any moment they could be taken away. Give a quick thanks to whoever you want for having, friends, family, a roof over your head, and (most likely) food on your table. I'm so lucky to have what I have. A loving family. Yummy food today, A heating system, money... and most importantly you guys. I'm kidding. More like my laptop. Ooh. I just thought of the Cornucopia. Full of goodies. Happy thanksgiving. Disclaimer: I wish I owned the Hunger Games. The house wasn't quiet that afternoon. There were screams of annoyance in the boys, and squeals of happiness in the girls. Hazelle and Ms. Everdeen were chatting contently as they stirred pots, set utensils, and laughing every now and then when they saw Posy crying whenever Katniss tried to pick her up out of her crib in the living room. "I don't understand." Katniss complained, sitting back on her heels while Gale tended to Posy, shushing her softly in her tiny ear. "What don't you understand?" Gale asked still in his parenting tone, packing Posy away in her tiny rocker. "Why children don't like me." Katniss explained to him. Gale raised an eyebrow at her, standing up and walking to the favored couch where he was going to plant himself. He laughed as he saw her seriously curious expression. "Not just children Catnip. Animals, babies, and anyone else your own age hate you too." He stopped and seemed to think about something. "Honestly, I think most adults hate you too. They just put up with you 'because you have the cleanest kills." He added smugly. He was teasing her though. He loved doing this too her. It was cute, the way she acted. But if she knew that's why he was doing it, well it wouldn't go down well. "Gale Hawthorne!" Katniss exclaimed with red cheeks. She dashed over to him; arms crossed and then slapped him hard against the back of his head. He laughed and apologized and made room for her on the couch. She opted for the floor beside him instead, still being too stubborn to accept his repayment. "Aw Katniss, don't be mad. I was kidding. I like you, Sae likes you. I'm pretty sure Buttercup likes you too." He ruffled her hair because she was facing away from him, "He does not, and you know it." She huffed and smoothed down her hair. Gale could almost swear he heard her sniffle. "Catnip, don't be mad. Catnip, look at me." She didn't budge her head. "Fine be that way." He muttered not angry but more to himself. Gale got up from his lounging spot on the sofa, which he would later regret doing and stooped before her. She wasn't crying but her eyes were shiny. "Okay, Katniss, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that. I'm just cranky 'cause I'm hungry." He joked. She chuckled weakly and looked up at him. "Me too." This caused him to smile. "Why do you care if Posy likes you or not, though?" "I don't know. I just don't want kids to hate me. I feel like I scare them or something. How will that help me in the future?" She furrowed her brow as she said this, making Gale think that maybe she was thinking this over too hard. Gale was mildly happy at her response though. She told Gale many a times that she never wanted kids, never wanted anything to do with them, and he was starting to lose faith. What he didn't know was how fast Katniss could change her mind about her beliefs, or what she thought was morally right. When Katniss saw Gale with a baby Posy, merely a toddler and he did so well with her; Katniss knew that if she wanted anyone to help her raise a family it would be him. No matter how angry he was about the world, he still would lose the stoic pose around children and let them into his heart. "You just have to treat them like they're equals." He hinted. "How in the world am I supposed to do that?" She said in an exasperated tone. The only parenting she had ever done was with Prim when she was younger, and Katniss was very strict and very over-protecting. Katniss didn't sit too well with the idea that she was supposed to act like little kids had as much authority as her. "Like this:" Gale exampled. He then called for Vick, Prim and Rory to come to the living room. They hustled in from the side room. Rory's face was flushed like he had just been outside, and Prim and Vick were blue with laughter. When Gale and Katniss eyed them for an explanation Prim took to answering. "We made him do a dare where he had to take his pants off outside." Rory blushed. Gale and Katniss' mouths twitched as they tried to stifle their snickers. They both knew Rory had a crush on Prim and He needed as much coverage as he could get. "Watch Katniss." Gale whispered into her ear. "Prim. Vick. You know better than to put Rory's health on the line." He started, looking towards Katniss for her reaction. "Vick, next time tell me what you're up to when it comes to dares so I can join in on the fun. Can you do that Vick? For me?" Vick nodded. "And we'll make sure you incorporate your ideas too." Prim added shyly. "Good. Thank you. Go have fun." Gale said dismissing them. "Naw, I think we'll pass, it's too cold outside and we're done playing. I'm too hungry." Rory said taking a spot on the couch. Prim and Vick were quick to follow suit. "Damn it." Gale muttered under his breath. "Come on Catnip. Let's go to my room." This was why Gale made sure to grab the couch while the kids were outside. "Alright." Katniss agreed, getting off of her rear and following him to his room up the stairs. "Did you see how I did that, though?" He asked her as they went up, making sure like any teacher would to a pupil, that she was paying attention. "Yeah, you left them to decide what they thought was good behavior and then secretly threatened them by making them ask you to supervise them while they would think you were there to add to the entertainment." She said, spot on. He opened the door and nodded. "Exactly. That wasn't too hard, was it?" "No, I bet I could do it in my sleep." She challenged. "Ha, I'll put you to it one day." He walked over to his small shelf and pulled out a set of cards. Katniss seeing his intentions grabbed two pillows and two blankets and laid them out across from each other. She handed Gale a blanket when he was seated and wrapped herself in the other and plopped onto the pillow. Meaning it cushioned her butt from the hardwood floors. "Still doesn't beat the sofa." He whined, copying her action. "Spit?" He asked her. "Why that game? You suck at it." "Practice makes perfect Catnip. Plus we're playing war after you win. I always win that game." He said with a sadistic smile. Katniss laughed at his expression and then turned somber. "Aw, you player! We're going to spend a minute playing my game and the next hour playing yours. Unfair." She threw her hands up in the air. They both laughed. They both knew Katniss didn't mind playing war with Gale. She just thought that it was a really stereotypical game, that didn't require any skill, just luck. She mentioned this to him. "It's just because the odds are in your favor… every time." "Not for everything, though." He said emotionlessly. "I'm sorry Gale." She said as she took the deck from his hands and split the deck into two. "No, don't be." He said hopping out of his depressed state. "Let's see how long it takes before you win." Katniss didn't really notice how much more enthusiasm he had put back into himself. Gale was scared. He didn't want to admit it, but he was scared. He had his name in forty-two times this year at the reaping. His last one, fortunately. But still, he had a huge chance of getting reaped for tribute. Gale was willing to sacrifice himself for the good of his District, willing to go down into the mines if it meant he could help his family, but there was no way in hell Gale could let himself die in the Capitol's hands. This might have been selfish of him to think, but he hoped Katniss would be as furious at the Capitol as he was right now. They killed his father, four years ago on this day and didn't do anything about it. Gale and his family could have died if it hadn't been for the sanctuary called 'forest'. Katniss and her mom and sister could have disappeared along with them if he hadn't found her when she found the woods. And Gale knew he would do anything and everything to make sure Katniss would never go hungry. He cared too much about her now. Even though she was two years younger than him, she was still the same level of maturity, the same level of skill (if not better), and the same level of fire. He was a raging soul, and so was she, he could see it. And he loved the heat that she brought him. "I won." "What? Impossible?" He exclaimed. He looked down and saw that, yes, she had in fact gotten all her cards onto the two correct piles and had slapped her delicate hand on the smaller pile. "Dang girl. You're getting faster." "I know." She said giddily. Today was a happy day and they could both feel it in the air. It was Thanksgiving, and this was the third time they were spending it together. The two of them would work from dawn until dusk in the woods collecting firewood, evergreen leaves to freshen up the house, blackberries, and cranberries from their secret patch, a turkey or two for their families and a few for trading with people at the Hob and round the District, roots like the ones Katniss was named after, and herbs that could flavor their stew. This year they were pretty sad on not finding any potatoes. "New round?" He asked her as he basked in her happiness. She set the cards up again, her in the lead with way fewer cards, and him struggling to pile his cards neatly so that he could hold them in his hand. "Ready? Spit." He watched as her hands flew adding the Ace to the King and then so forth down the hierarchy, and then going back up the scale. He tried to keep up with her, adding a card in here or there. He was actually sweating by the time she said: "I win. War?" "Oh thank God." He said to the air. "Finally something I can win at." "You're so competitive you know that?" She informed him. "I've been told that on occasion." He said nonchalantly, shrugging his shoulders. "You're so suavé right now, you know." She said pushing him on his shoulder. He chortled and divided the deck. "It's pronounced suave." He corrected her. "Not suavé." "Whatever Gale." Katniss didn't really mind being corrected. Katniss was internally thinking about how Gale was so angry at the world that even his favorite card game was named 'War'. She felt bad that