Legolas was not at all eager to visit with his father's friend Elrond in Rivendell. The place did not entice him in any way. He pondered things he could do to occupy himself for the next fortnight while he visited, but there was nothing to be done there except attempt to have a bit of fun with Arwen, who was his own age, but it was so easy to make her cry that she was hardly any fun at all. He sighed heavily and leaned forward, letting his head rest on the back of his horse's neck, the little elf's dark hair falling into his face. He closed his big, silvery eyes and blew his shoulder length hair off his nose, only for it to float back down and back into his face. "Legolas. Sit up. That's no way for the Prince of Mirkwood to present himself." Legolas' father, Thranduil, said, looking back from his own horse just a few paces in front of the young boy's, his shimmering gray cloak flowing behind him like a body of water floating in the air. They were accompanied by only two other elves, archers from the Royal Guard who would protect them if need be, though the world was peaceful at that time, Legolas felt quite awkward. He wished it were just him and his father, so that he might speak freely and honestly without the possibility of judgment. "Yes, Father…" Legolas replied, sitting up, but slouching, playing with the braid in his hair, feeling that was the best thing to say. "What's wrong, my child?" Thranduil asked, slowing his horse until he was beside his son. "Lord Elrond has been awaiting our visit for some time. I'm sure little Arwen is looking forward to having some company." Legolas shrugged. He was rather quiet and felt it was easier simply to keep to himself and do as he's told. He looked up absently, admiring the stone arch that the company had passed through. The young elf smiled to himself, looking back at the arch over his shoulder. It simply asked to be climbed on and hung from and jumped off. A Potentially amusing option should Arwen begin weeping. He had nearly forgotten about his father's question. Legolas was easily immersed in thought and his expansive imagination that he sometimes seemed to leave this world and enter one of his own. He began humming a charming melody he had heard earlier that day from a bird in Lothlorian as they passed on horseback. They had stopped there for the night to visit with Galadriel, for his father and the Elf Queen were very close friends and had not spoken for quite some time. Legolas quite enjoyed Lothlorian Forest, and wished he could have stayed there instead of coming to Rivendell. Lothlorian was just so much more calming to Legolas than Rivendell. Maybe it was because he had lived in the forest for his entire life, and was just more comfortable in Lothlorian than Rivendell. But it didn't matter. He had to do as his father instructed, and his father wanted him to visit in Rivendell for a fortnight while he caught up with Lord Elrond. "Legolas," Thranduil said when he realized his son wasn't paying attention. The young elf's attention snapped back to his father. "What's wrong?" "Nothing, Father." He replied, then cast down his silvery eyes. Thranduil decided it best to stop prodding and proceeded to the stables where he dismounted his horse, then helped Legolas down. Elrond met them at the stable gate with Arwen at his heals. Legolas heard the little twins giggling up in the garden, but they were of no interest to him. They were too little and far too rambunctious for the little elf, and he didn't want to be trapped with the little ones for his entire visit. He just kept quiet, trying to keep his gaze down and off Elrond, partially out of respect, but also out of disinterest and the lack of willingness to speak to the intimidating ruler of Rivendell. "Thranduil. Welcome. And young Legolas! I haven't seen you since you were but a little sapling of a wood elf." He smiled down at the little boy who continued to twirl his hair around his thin fingers. "I am very pleased indeed to see you, Lord Elrond. It has been far too long since we have spoken." Thranduil smiled, placing his hand on Legolas' back, giving him a bit of a push forward. "Legolas, go on with Arwen." "Arwen, my dear, would you show Legolas to his room for me?" Arwen nodded, her long, dark hair fluttering into her watery eyes. Legolas followed her tentatively and quietly, carrying his small bag of belongings, looking over his shoulder at his father, who waved him off with a smile. He watched Arwen as she walked in front of him in her long dress. She wasn't so very different from the girls in Mirkwood, but she always had a sort of woeful look to her. She always seemed ready to burst into tears, and it made Legolas nervous. "Hello, Legolas." She cooed in her soft, birdlike voice. She sounded well rehearsed. Elrond had clearly instructed her on how to behave. It was a terribly awkward situation, but there was nothing for it. They were more or less stuck with each other for at least six days. "Hello, Arwen…" he answered her quietly, carrying his small satchel in front of him, letting it bounce off of his knobby knees. Legolas was built exactly how Elrond described him: like a small tree. He was of a rather average height, but looked taller with his long legs. He was entirely knees and elbows, like the knuckles in a growing sapling in between the new branches. Everything about him was long and thin. His nose was precise and smooth, as was his slender mouth. His eyes were a pale gray-blue, like the shadows in the woods on a sunny day. He was a beautiful child, as most Elfish children are, but perhaps more so in a way. He had a sort of way about him that made him seem more mysterious and glitteringly silent and smooth in everything he did, that it gave him an otherworldly beauty that is difficult to find, even among Elves. "There is another boy staying with us." She announced rather randomly and suddenly. Legolas raised one of his eyebrows. His father hadn't informed him of this. He hoped this new boy would be more interesting and less fragile than Arwen. Legolas wanted someone to climb trees with. "He is of the race of Men. His mother and father have been slain and my father is taking care of him until he is grown." She explained. Legolas did not reply. He simply thought quietly to himself. He had never encountered a Man before, and truthfully, he was a bit frightened. Men were greedy and foolish; at least that's what the stories said. So many men had made so many rash and stupid decisions in the stories of old, and Legolas, as well as most of the other Elfish children, had come to think of all men as such. "What is he called?" Legolas asked, curious as to what he might call this Man when they did meet, since it was inevitable now. "Estel." she answered simply, clearly uncomfortable with Legolas' presence in her realm of comfort. Legolas nodded. Estel…Hope. What an interesting name for a Man. Such a pristine Elfish name was not fit for any man Legolas had ever heard of. Arwen walked down one of the long, sunlit corridors and into the room Legolas was to stay in. It was a beautiful room, with a bed carved of smooth, blonde wood and posts that split and divided into the branches of trees. These branches held up a sheer canopy that floated lightly in the breeze from the open window. The room was mostly empty otherwise, except for a candelabrum near the window and an intricate tapestry on the wall opposite the bed. There was a small nightstand, though, topped with a silver tray adorned with delicate silver teacups and a teapot carved carefully with leaves and flowers. Everything in Rivendell was so perfect and intricate. Legolas wondered who did all of it, who carved his bed, who forged these silver teacups? Things in Mirkwood were much more rustic. They drank out of glazed clay cups and slept in simple, but still delicate and decorated, beds with warm woolen blankets. They ate at tables hewn from fallen trees, and there was little evidence of anything sheer, shiny, or smooth. Mirkwood was cozy and beautiful in a more rustic way. Rivendell struck Legolas as sterile and too pristine. He longed for the woods, with its twists and turns and knotty roots; he missed the strong arms of the trees that would hold him and keep him safe. Here, he felt deserted and out in the open. This place was too big, too sparse. "Thank you." Legolas said with a smile, putting his things on the bed, hoping Arwen would take that as a hint to leave. Legolas was a relatively quiet, free spirit, and needed a bit of time to himself. He had been in the company of others for over three days straight, and he longed for solitude. Arwen seemed to realize this and left in a rather hurried fashion, leaving through the door (which was only a sheer curtain draped from an archway) and ran down the long hall back to the safety of her father's heel. Legolas sighed, flopping back down on the bed, his dark hair flying out around his head like a deep brown halo. He closed his gray eyes slowly and took a deep breath, calming himself, relaxing in a way only he knew how. He smiled, close to contentedness, but was interrupted. "You're Legolas, aren't you?" a shrill voice called from the doorway. The young elf sat up and looked to the door. There, he found a boy, a young boy, about the human equivalent of his own age, looking at him with big, puddle-blue eyes. "Yes." Legolas replied with a little smile. Though he had been shaken from his state of enlightenment, this boy was already proving to be entertaining. "And you're Estel." "Yes!" the boy answered with a smile. He was missing teeth, which Legolas found amusing. He was a relatively handsome boy, though, with a strong nose and dark, wavy hair that came down to his shoulders. His eyes were bright and appeared to be windows into another world of life and glittering water and a sparkling sky. Legolas slid off the silken sheets and onto the floor, then walked up to the boy and smiled. "Have you found anything very fun to do around here?" The young elf asked, batting his straight, dark hair out of his face. The boy, Estel, smiled mischievously, his eyes sparkling with the promise of misbehavior. "There are lots of fun things to do here. You've just got to find them first." He said. Legolas' grin grew. "I'd quite like to find something fun to do." Legolas cooed, turning to look out the window. His spirits sunk when he saw the sun retiring under the horizon. "But the day is fading…" he added, a bit disappointed. "Well…that's alright. We can do something fun here. Wait just a second." The boy ran out of Legolas' chamber before the young elf could protest, and returned less than a moment later with a handful of blankets, pillows and what appeared to be a stuffed bear. That put Legolas at ease, for he too had brought his favorite stuffed thing: a gray wolf with a smile. Though Estel's bear seemed in much better spirits than Legolas' worn out wolf, it was comforting to know he would not be ridiculed for having his stuffed thing. Legolas sat down on the bed again, fishing Gilthoniel, his