Legolas stood in his room, looking out the window absently over the Greenwood. He was supposed to be preparing for a feast on his account, but he simply wasn't in the mood. He was supposed to be happy, for the celebration was for his coming of age. He was considered an adult, now, but he did not feel like one. He felt like a child, preferring to sit high in the trees to high on a throne. Legolas loved his father dearly, but he was not his father. Thranduil was regal and had a presence wherever he went. He was tall and strong, with a crown of green leaves upon his head for the summer. Legolas was small, girlish, with a thin frame, and slender shoulders. He was quiet, and could disappear easily out of the public eye, if he so wished to. Thranduil said his quiet demeanor was inherited from his mother, but even she was out in the clearing, preparing for the feast, while Legolas stood in his room in his deep green leggings, his shirt hanging limply from his hand. Thranduil knocked on his son's doorframe a moment later, snapping the young elf out of his daydream. "May I come in?" he asked through the drawn curtain that acted as a door into the prince's bedroom. "Yes." He answered simply, not bothering to move. He simply stood still, looking down at the shirt in his hand, contemplating whether he should put it on, though he did not have much choice. "What have you been doing up here? You aren't even dressed yet." Thranduil scolded gently, knowing how uneager his son was to join the celebration. "Guests have started to arrive. Everyone wishes to see you." The elf king said, sitting down on the chair at Legolas' desk, his long, flowing robe covering the chair completely. Though most elves wore dress robes to special occasions, none were as wonderfully extravagant as those of the royal family. Thranduil wore a pale blue satin robe, draped in shimmering grey shears that changed from silver to blue to shining white in the changing light. The inside of the robe was lined with rich green silk. Silver was Thranduil's signature: he always wore a silver robe, all of them a bit different, but all of them shimmering and grey. Legolas' mother usually wore deep burgundy or royal purple. Legolas' color was pale blue and a mossy green, colors he would be wearing to the feast. Thranduil lifted the lightweight robe off Legolas' bed and handed it to him as the young elf straightened his shirt. "Elladan and Elrohir are coming. I know you enjoy their company." Thranduil said in an attempt to enthuse Legolas. The young Elf smiled at his father briefly. "Have you tried your robe on?" the king asked as Legolas slipped his skinny arms into the robe, fastening the clasps and tying the waist in a traditional knot at his side. "Yes." He replied, again, simply and devoid of much emotion. Thranduil stood and straightened Legolas' sleeves, the deep green silk that made up the outside of the robe ended in a boarder of pale blue embroidered with delicate green leaves and vines, matching the motif on his circlet, which his father placed on his head. Thranduil smiled, stepping back and admiring his son. "It suits you well. It's very light." "I look like a girl." Legolas said quietly, noting how the pale blue shimmered through the green outer layer. Though the mossy green was solid, it was very thin silk, and the grey-blue could be seen clearly through it when the light hit just right. It was not that Legolas did not like his robe. He appreciated all of the effort that had gone into making it for him, but it was very lightweight and flow-y, a characteristic of a woman's formalwear. Legolas was just so thin and willowy that he would have been buried by anything more masculine and thick, like his father's robe. "You do not look like a girl. You look like a handsome young man, and I think you'll be getting very much attention tonight. You're of age. That means you can engage in courtship." Thranduil said with a grin that he expected Legolas to return, but he did not. "You like to dance, iôn nín! Ask a young lady for a go around the dancing ring. Have fun." "I am nervous, Ada." Legolas admitted with a meek smile, leaning into his father, who hugged him close. "Everything will go wonderfully, I promise." Thranduil smiled, straightening Legolas' silver circlet. "Come, everyone is waiting to see you!" he added, holding the curtain aside for Legolas, following him out of the room. —o0o— Thranduil lead Legolas out onto the balcony that overlooked the clearing where his feast was taking place. Seeing the sea of guests just a staircase away was unnerving, and he stepped back, hiding behind his father. It did not take long for the crowd to notice him, though, and the crowd fell silent. Thranduil smiled before stepping aside and starting down the stairs, leaving Legolas alone, high above the crowd, placed on a pedestal like a piece of artwork. Everyone applauded as he descended the stairs, though he was looking at his feet the entire time, frightened of tripping over his long robes. He dared not lift them, though, for he had neglected to put on shoes in his rush. He hoped no one would notice. The crowd was thick around him as he made his way to the table his mother and father were seated at, speaking to guests and subjects, most there to wish the young prince well, some there to bribe Thranduil into giving Legolas away for marriage. Legolas wasn't worried over that, though. His mother and father had promised he would choose his consort, and that they would willingly allow him to marry whom he chose, when he chose. "Here you are, Dearest!" his mother cooed as he approached. She stood and embraced him. He smiled at her before sitting between her and his father. "Legolas, do not sit with us all night. Go have fun." Thranduil prompted with a smile. "Please go and dance. Find a pretty girl! Any of them will have you." He whispered, looking out over the dancing ring. Legolas followed his gaze, but was still uninterested. He stood with a sigh, stepping down from the platform to appease his father's wishes. Linwe leaned over to her husband. "He seems so out of place in a crowd." She said to him quietly. "He is simply a person apart. He looks out of place because he holds himself differently. He holds himself as you do." He smiled. "Ethereal. Separate." He added, watching as Legolas' green robe disappeared into the crowd. —o0o— Legolas had been walking about for some time, speaking with friends and acquaintances, as well as subjects wishing him well. He looked out over the crowd, hoping to see Elladan or Elrohir, or anyone he was familiar with. Thranduil was very protective of Legolas. He and Linwe had lost their first son as a young child, before Legolas' time, and Thranduil vowed he would never lose a child again. He kept a close watch on Legolas, and did not allow him to leave the Greenwood. In fact, Legolas hardly left the palace grounds. Because of this, Legolas did not know many people personally. Elladan and Elrohir, though older than he, were his only very close friends. Their sister Arwen was also a friend, as well as Elrond's foster son, Estel, but he was very young last Legolas saw him. The young Elf's eyes swept the crowd again as he swirled the wine in his glass absently. He smiled when he saw the twins, standing in the dancing ring, obviously trying to woo two young women. Legolas pushed himself off of the wall he had been leaning against and made his way to them. "Ah, the man of the hour!" Elladan said with a grin, embracing Legolas as he approached. "Korra, this is Legolas." He said, turning back to the girl he had been speaking with. "Yes I know." She said, giving Elladan a snide sort of look. "He is my prince, I know who he is." She smiled at Legolas, blushing. "Happy Birthday, your Highness." She said. Legolas smiled in return. "Hello, little Princeling. You've grown since last I saw you." Elrohir said with a smile. "I highly doubt that." Legolas said with a meek smile, looking to his feet. "Even your lady is taller than I." He added in a whisper, noting the girl standing just behind Elrohir. He laughed. "You will grow taller!" he said, straightening Legolas' circlet. "It is good to see you, your Highness." The girl said with a smile and a bow of her head. "You as well. Thank you for coming." He replied. She also turned a strange shade of pink before scurrying off after the other girl, who was giggling nearby. "You are such a tease, Legolas!" Elladan broke in. "You only have to stand for girls love you!" "Leave him alone, Elladan." Elrohir said. "You couldn't have wooed her anyhow. Korra did not like you." "Her sister did not fancy you so much either." Elladan snapped back. Elrohir shook his head in exasperation. "I just don't understand why you don't have a nettë of your own yet! You only have to ask! Any girl would have you!" "I have no interest." Legolas said, looking over his shoulder at the two girls who were still watching him. "Ah I see! I'd bet you could convince a young buck if you tried t—" Elrohir gave his brother a whack on the head, and Legolas' face grew hot. He looked away. "Leave him be! That is not what he said at all!" Elrohir said. Elladan rubbed at his head. "There isn't anything wrong with it! Just look at Es—" Elrohir pressed his hand to Elladan's mouth, silencing him. "Do you think before you speak? Do you think at all? That is not yours to tell!" Elladan licked his brother's hand, initiating a prompt removal. "Alright! I am sorry! Where has Estel gotten to, anyhow?" "Oh well done you've just told everything, now." "I haven't told anything!" "Both of you hush!" Legolas said, chuckling. "I care not whether Estel takes a benn or a bess. It does not matter. I just wanted to see you and say hello, not discuss my non-existent love life!" "Forgive me." Elrohir said, pushing his dark hair behind his ear. "Yes, forgive him." Elladan added. Legolas laughed. "Did Estel come with you? He is very young, is he not?" Legolas asked, running his finger around the brim of his crystal glass, enjoying the hum it produced. "You forget that he is not Elfkind. Though he is only eighteen summers, he is grown in the eyes of his people." Elrohir explained. Legolas nodded. "Here he comes now." Elrohir said as the young Man made his way through the crowd. Though Legolas hadn't seen Estel since the boy was two years old, he immediately recognized him. The young man was but a taller version of his toddler self. He had the same wavy, dark hair and stormy grey eyes. He was tall, taller than Legolas, and strong, with broad shoulders and an awkward smile he flaunted when he saw his foster brothers. "There you are." He said with a grin, approaching the trio. "I've been looking for you. You left me all alone!" "I am sorry, Estel. Elladan was suddenly stricken with lust for a random Greenwood Miss, and I had the privilege of being dragged along." "I was doing you a favor, she was with her pretty friend!" Elladan defended. Legolas laughed again. "You remember Legolas, don't you, Estel?" Elrohir asked. Legolas offered a smile, which Estel returned. "You played with me when I was small." He said. Legolas nodded. "I did not expect to see you