"Cursebreaker Malfoy. Trying to complain to the Head Auror about... What is it this time? Not enough water in the break room?" "Actually, it's about you. I was hoping to get you moved so I don't have to see your specky face every time I come up here, Auror Potter." Malfoy seemed to pause before digging in his back pocket. "Here," he said, tossing a pair of goggles at Harry. "Since you can't properly take care of your own. They're enchanted. I would have cursed them to suck out the brains of the wearer, but then I realized you don't have any." "Ouch. You're really breaking my heart here." Harry caught the goggles and inspected them, tilting his head. "Nice. That the only reason you're actually up here then, or was there something else?" "I do need to speak with the Head Auror." Oh, no. Maturity may have done wonders for how Harry and Malfoy interacted these days, but it didn't help anyone who had managed to anger him. "Oh, Merlin, what did Dawlish do now?" It was usually their delightful Head Auror that managed to anger Malfoy. "Not Dawlish. Lexing just came down to us with a bad case of Blood Boils. Once is completely understandable, perhaps even twice, but three times in a month?" "Lexing is an idiot." Honestly, that man didn't know what a shield spell even was. "If you want to hex him we'll all look the other way." "That's just the problem. This happens with far too many Aurors. You lot should be better trained." "Not sure how well that conversation is gonna go for you." Dawlish hated Malfoys, Death Eaters, cursebreakers, and people criticizing his Aurors. "Want any back up?" "Fine then. You present the idea to the Deputy. He still believes me to be a prat." "Ron is a prat," Harry laughed, pushing himself off the wall he was leaning against and giving Malfoy a quick salute. "Enjoy your talk with the Head Auror, Cursebreaker Malfoy." "Potter," Malfoy said with a nod, continuing on his way. Harry watched him for a few moments before turning to see Ron giving him a look . "Really? C'mon, mate, when are you gonna go for it?" "Go for what, exactly? By the way, Lexing is an idiot. He had to get treated for blood boils again. " Ron scoffed, shaking his head. "I'll go talk to him. He needs to learn one way or another." "Next time I say he just keeps them. Then he'll really learn- Hey, did we get anymore information on the Hamish case? He's still missing, isn't he?" "Yeah," Ron said with a huff, running a hand through his hair. "I'm gonna be honest, Harry. We're coming up with nothing." "A ministry official like that can't just disappear. We haven't gotten a ransom note or anything? Threats, claims, a slip up?" "No. No one's claiming it. No one is asking for a price. Just... nothing." "I don't like that. That means they want whatever Hamish knows and they don't want others catching on as to what that is." That meant these people were a threat. "Yeah. These people are actually clever," Ron said with a sigh. "We need to find something before Rita and her lot get their claws on this." "I'm doing everything I can. You wanna know what you can do to help?" "Sure?" For a moment Ron had looked very serious. That usually meant very bad things for Harry, when he thought about it. "Wait. Hermione hasn't badgered you to talk about our feelings, has she?" "She has, but that's not what I'm doing." Ron crossed his arms. "I need you to gather up some Aurors for a raid." Frowning at that, Harry straightened his back, fingers twitching towards his wand. "How many do you need, where are we going, and when do you need us there?" The two may have joked around a lot when they were at work but Harry had learned the hard way that raids were serious business. "Take seven with you, I'll show you a map, and in an hour would be great." Nodding, Harry automatically flipped through the Aurors on duty that were in the office. Two of them he was wary about but the rest would be serious about the matter. "I'll get it done. Go ahead and find that map and I'll be back, I got to talk to someone real quick." Turning around, Harry hurried back the way he came, looking for Malfoy. Ron nodded. "I'll be right back, mate." Sparing a glance back to watch Ron disappear around the corner, Harry frowned and looked back towards the Head Auror office, pulling up short as he almost ran straight out into a fuming Malfoy. "Sorry-" Fuming. Right. "Not a good talk?" "Out of my way, Potty!" Malfoy waved him off and brushed right by him- Stomped, more like. Jeez. "Just wanted to warn you there's a raid in an hour so you could prepare for more stupidity!" Still so difficult to deal with, honestly. Malfoy threw his hands up in the air and gave a near scream of frustration as he continued on. "See ya later!" Then again, it was a bit fun riling him up... Right. Seven aurors. No big deal. :: "It's too quiet," Harry muttered, voice soft and near a dozen silencing charms around him and the group of aurors behind him and Ron as they crept along the hallway of the building they had managed to get into. "Quiet is never a good thing, if you'll remember." "Definitely." "Right." "Ow," they heard a small voice say from further down the hall. A small voice that sounded young . Frowning, Harry gave a signal for them to halt before creeping closer to the door and silently casting a spell. There was definitely someone there. "Hello? Can you hear me? My name is Auror Potter from the Ministry of Magic and we're here to help." There was a soft gasp and the sound of bare feet slapping against a stone floor before there was silence. Glancing to Ron, Harry mouthed the word 'child' before casting a silent shield and sending an Alohamora at the door before pushing it open. "I'm not going to hurt you, okay? I just want to know why you're here and if there's anything I can do to help you." Nope, not a sound came from the room as Harry carefully stepped inside, giving the Aurors a signal to wait for him. "Lumos." A gentle light fell over the room - which looked close to a prison cell. There was a half-empty bowl of food in the corner and a pile of blankets in another corner. In the center of the room was a chain nailed down, the other end leading to a child who couldn't be older than eight. "Hello." The child had stashed himself in the corner with the blankets, as far away as he could get. The boy had his arms wrapped tightly around his knees as he stared up at Harry, wide eyes full of fear. For a moment, Harry could only see a small child with broken glasses and a scar who was scared to be seen or heard. Biting his lip, Harry made a show of tossing his wand a few feet away, sitting down on the ground. He didn't speak, instead settling down and trying to stay as still as possible. Harry watched as the boy's eyes followed his wand and lingered for a few moments before looking back at him. He remained silent, not speaking a word, though Harry watched as he slowly lowered his defenses. Cautiously eyeing the boy for a moment, Harry kept his gaze lowered a bit as he spoke as softly as he could, "Would you like me to get that chain off your ankle? I can do it and stay right here, if you want." The boy immediately curled up again, eyes widening at Harry and shaking his head frantically. "Okay, okay, that's okay. That's fine. Someone will be angry at you if I do that, huh? That's okay, I don't want anyone to be angry at you." The boy opened his mouth before quickly closing it again and continuing to stare at Harry. "Did someone hurt you?" With a look around the room, the boy slowly nodded. Nodding himself, Harry glanced back to the door, seeing Ron raise an eyebrow before sighing and disappearing. Good. Ron knew when Harry was stubborn. "If you want, I can help you find your family and get you out of here." The boy seemed to frown at him, though he gave another nod and extended the leg with the chain, glancing at the wand again as he did so. Strange... Was this child afraid of magic? "I'm going to stand up and move towards you now, okay?" Leaving his wand, Harry carefully and slowly stood up, trying to make himself seem small as possible as he crouched back down next to the boy, gently inspecting the chain. "Are you hurt anywhere?" The boy nodded again and showed Harry the tender side of his arm where a long line of red ran. That didn't look like anything magical. "Okay, we'll get that taken care of." Trying to squint through the dark, Harry inspected the lock before sending some of his magic into it, focusing on the unlocking spell. It clicked off easily, Harry smiling at the boy. "I'm pretty good with locks." The boy stared at Harry though this time Harry could see the fear begin to be replaced with wonder. "Alright, I'm going to wrap something around your arm to stop it from bleeding, okay? It might hurt a little, but I'll be careful." He was so glad he carried first aid supplies for emergencies unlike some aurors. The boy nodded at him and held his arm out. Digging out some bandage, Harry quickly wrapped it around the child's arm, hoping the silencing charms were still up. "I have some friends outside. They're here to try and help someone else. Is it okay if I take you to them? I can promise that no one there will harm you." The boy slowly stood and looked to the door before nodding. "Thank you. Would you like to walk yourself, or would you rather that I carry you? Your ankle must hurt a bit after all that, huh?" With a shake of his head the boy wrapped his arms around himself and stood beside Harry. Nodding, Harry moved towards his wand before pausing. "This is my wand. I use it to help people. I'm going to pick it up and put it away but I won't use it right now, okay?" The boy nodded and followed as Harry began to leave the room. Getting into the hall, Harry waved at the others. "Unaccompanied minor, hurt and chained and very scared. No sudden movements and wands away." The others all nodded and stowed their wands away nodding at the boy. Feeling something on his leg, Harry looked down and saw the boy was now holding onto his pants and hiding behind him. Smiling weakly, Harry gently tousled the boy's hair before nudging him along up towards Ron. "Anyone else in here?" "Nah, mate. Looks empty. We'll keep looking, you take him back." Chewing on his lower lip, Harry finally sighed and gave a nod. "Alright. Contact me if you need me, though." Bending down, Harry smiled at the boy. "I'm going to take you somewhere safe. Is that alright?" The boy looked up at him and gave a nod. It was strange that he wasn't speaking at all. Well... Maybe it wasn't so strange. Harry had been much the same when he was younger. He needed to find out who this kid was and whether he was magical or muggle. "Would it be alright if I picked you up now? I don't want you getting lost in