Bonjour, mes chers. If you'll refer to the notice posted one week ago on Order of the Phoenix, it's time to show you what we've been working on. We love Time Twister, we really do. It's one of our favorite stories that we've ever crafted, but you see... There's so much more we could do with it. So much to make it better. As we explained, we re-wrote it because we felt there was too much 'crack'. That doesn't mean we took out all the humor and made it a gritty re-boot like some re-boots. We just did our best to stay more true to the theme of Harry Potter rather than word for word copy. What we had before? That was merely a rough draft, a sketching of what was to come. What artist leaves their sketchings up when the finished piece is before you? These are the books you love but told in a new way with new twists and turns. The story is the same, but the path we took to get there is quite different than what you know. So, just join us one time mes chers. One more time to show what we can do, and how this story is one you'll never regret reading. Ready? Let's start. Chapter One: The Boy Who Forgot To Live :: It had been... It felt like years. By Draco's count, it was only a couple months ago, but... It still seemed like another lifetime ago. Now, though, people had been rebuilding. They were moving on. Even the twins' - the Weasley's - joke shop was back up and running. The Second Wizarding War was well and truly over. Good had won, the Death Eaters were all captured and in Azkaban, and the dementors were banished. Everything was as it should be. So why did Draco feel so lost . He wasn't joyful as everyone else that Voldemort had been defeated, or even upset that 'his' side had lost. He just felt... He wasn't sure how to feel. That was why he felt so lost. It was as if he wasn't sure what to feel, as if all his emotions had been sucked out and he was left with a tangled mess he didn't know how to pick apart. Maybe... Maybe the best thing to do would be to start over. To make things better, somehow. Maybe find Potter and apologize. Yeah... Yeah, that would be a good start. Especially after that whole mess with Crabbe and the Fiendfyre- God, Crabbe . It still threw Draco off, some days. Waking up and remembering that he was gone. Pansy barely talked to him- They had both been on trial and put on probation. Two former supporters of Voldemort regularly meeting and talking? They'd both be sent to Azkaban without a fair trial faster than they could plead innocent. Pansy had barely gotten a fair trial. She only got away because she never actually involved herself with the Death Eaters. Draco... He still wasn't sure about his trial. He wasn't sure how he was still walking free in Diagon Alley. Potter had testified for him, of course. That had helped. The bloody 'Savior of the Wizarding World' taking pity on him. God, he needed to figure out what to do. There had to be something to do. Just- At least apologize. Merlin, Blaise wouldn't even talk to him, anymore. No one outright attacked him - probably out of fear - but they certainly didn't show compassion. It was worse than when he had been a Death Eater . He was completely shunned, shopkeepers kept a sharp eye on him, and Aurors were always 'coincidentally' running into him and trailing after him. It was like they expected him to go crazy and start casting 'Avada Kedavra' on everyone around him. But, no. He only bought potions ingredients for his own cauldron at home, a set of new robes, and new books. Nothing screaming 'Dark Arts.' It was extremely tiring. They were 'allowing' him to Hogwarts for the eighth year, but...nothing felt right, here. Merlin knew going back to Hogwarts would just cause even more strife and trouble. Students and teachers would be attacking him at every turn, and Potter would probably gladly offer his services. No... There was no going back to Hogwarts for him. There was no doing anything . No one would ever give him a job, not with the Mark still on his arm - fading, but still there. No one would ever trust him. It was as though everything about this world just made him itch and squirm- It wasn't as though he could leave the Wizarding World. At least here, he had familiarity. He had a small amount of comfort. If he were to go to the Muggle World... He wouldn't know the first thing about how to survive, and then if any muggles ever caught him using magic... There was nothing for him. In either world. He didn't belong in the Muggle World, and it seemed the Wizarding World no longer had a place for Draco Lucius Malfoy. He was just...stuck. Trapped. There had to be a way to get out. If anyone- Anyone knew, it would be Potter. After all, he'd dropped off the face of the Wizarding World for years. Which meant he had to find Potter, apologize to him, and beg for him to take mercy and give him some help. That... That wasn't going to be easy. For either of them. Now the real trouble would be to find Potter. Considering his 'popularity' it would be a bit hard to track him down. Potter had been avoiding the public eye as well as Draco had been trying to. Maybe... Maybe his mother would know? At the trial, they'd seemed a bit close. Somehow. Maybe? That may work. Draco sighed, running a hand through his hair as he sat down for a pint at the Leaky Cauldron. Tom, at least, didn't seem to care about him one way or another, just giving him his drink and waiting until he paid to leave him alone. You could always count on the apathetic. He just needed some time to think this all over. Especially before he saw- "Didn't know you were staying here, Malfoy." Fuck. Draco made sure to look everywhere but the seat directly across from him, ignoring the one sitting there. "You know, there's a point where avoiding looking at me gets a bit obvious." If you just ignore him, Draco, he'll go away. Maybe your other problems will go away, eventually, if you ignore them, too. Yes. That would work. "Malfoy." "I have a first name, you know." Though he'd been trying to ignore Potter... Being a Malfoy was the worst thing at this point in time. Defending what was left of his honor seemed more important than trying not to acknowledge the fact that Harry bloody Potter was sitting across from him. Draco didn't even need to look to know it was him. The loud mouth that Potter was, he recognized the voice anywhere. "Alright, then. There's a point where ignoring me gets a bit obvious, Draco." And, wow, no. That warm and amused tone was not- No. That tone was doing things to Draco that he thought was better left unmentioned. "Apologies. I would think the 'Savior of the Wizarding World' wouldn't want to be caught around a former Death Eater," Draco grumbled quietly, tracing the rim of his glass with his fingertip. "You know, I really couldn't care less what people think about me," Potter said, the sound of a glass being set down heard. "Thanks. Also, I'm not exactly 'Savior of the Wizarding World' right now." "You saved it from the Darkest Wizard. That makes you a Savior, Potter." 'Not exactly the Savior right now'. Just what was that idiot on- Merlin , he couldn't believe he wanted to apologize to him. "Unbelievable," Potter laughed. Laughed. The bastard laughed . "Maybe try looking over at me, Draco." Draco sighed, finally looking over at Potter. Only he wasn't looking at Potter . Instead the younger had dark red hair - darker than a Weasley's - and hazel eyes that were a mix between his usual green and brown. He also wasn't wearing glasses- Was his scar gone, too? "Like I said. I'm not the Savior, right now." "What the bloody hell did you do," Draco hissed, kicking him under the table. There was a wince from Potter, who swatted his arm with a huff. "I just used some glamour spells and disguise charms. I don't exactly want to be mobbed for going out and getting a drink." "You look bloody awful, you smarmy git!" Just his hair alone. It was worse than a Weasley! And then his eyes- No. Nope, no, never. That was all wrong. Just what was this git thinking! The hair was one thing, but how dare he change his eye color! "Gee, thanks for the compliment," Potter snorted. "Really, I can tell it comes from the heart. Deep felt sentiment, and-" Draco kicked him again in the shin. And maybe one more time for good measure. "Shut up, Potter." Ugh, he was laughing again. Bastard. Maybe he could get away with casting one or two- Right. The Ministry had taken his wand until he was off probation. Hexes were always harder without wands. Moreson than charms, at least. "You know, I do have a first name, Draco." "Yes, and I've heard nothing but your name for years," Draco pointed out, glancing to the front cover of the Daily Prophet someone had open at a nearby table. "So you should know it, then. What are you doing here, anyways? Shouldn't you be home?" Home. At Malfoy Manor. Where he was pretty much exiled , if not by his father than by himself. "Shouldn't you be with those Weasleys of yours?" And away from here. Away from him- Oh, right. He was supposed to be apologizing, wasn't he? "As much as they're my family, I can only take so much of the Weasleys, Draco. Besides, I didn't want to interfere with business too much." "...I meant to apologize." He really shouldn't like the way that his name rolled off Potter's tongue like sweet honey, smooth and easy. "Apologize? About what?" Oh, those words did not just come out of Potter's mouth. Draco gave him a look. "Well, I figured you already knew I forgave you for all of that. It's in the past, right?" Draco stared for a moment before shaking his head with a sigh. "You will never make sense to me." 'Forgave him.' Bullshit. There was no way Potter could ever forgive him for anything he had done. "Yeah, I've heard that a lot," Potter gave a weak smile, sipping at his drink for a moment. "How've you been, then?" Draco just barely withheld himself from rolling his eyes at the question. "Aurors follow me to make sure I don't kill anyone and the Ministry has my wand." Oh. Interesting. It seemed Potter hadn't known that, since he was now choking on his drink. "They what - You were found innocent with probation! They can't just- Just take your wand !" "I'm on probation, Potter, and I'm formerly a Death Eater. They can do whatever they damn well please." "That's so stupid," Potter scoffed, shaking his head and looking near disgusted. "I know they're worried about safety but that's just over the line." "It's still better than Azkaban," Draco muttered, leaning back in his seat. It was a moment before Potter spoke, voice quiet. "Do you ever wish you could have done it differently? The Battle, the War, Hogwarts? Just... Go back and change it." "All the time." Go back and change things... That'd be bloody marvelous. Merlin knew he could have changed enough if he had just done a few small things differently. If he hadn't led Crabbe and Goyle to the Room of