A/N: Hey there! This is part of a series! The first fic is 'Draco Malfoy and the Resurrection Stone.' It is strongly recommended that you read that before you read this fic! Don't worry, I'll wait. . . . Okay! Now that you're all caught up, let's get to the sequel! Enjoy! ~Kas ' Dear Draco, You know, if you keep sending me sweets and 'food supplies', I don't think I'll be able to keep them hidden for much longer. It's only a matter of time before Dudley sniffs them out. Also, lay back on sending so much at once? Merlin could barely make it to the perch once he dropped off the package, the poor thing. You said your parents are throwing you a ball for your birthday this year, right? I'm sorry I couldn't make it, but I'm enclosing my gift here. I don't exactly have the ability to get anything magical due to where I am, but hopefully this is something you might like? I'm going crazy here at the Dursleys, but your letters are keeping me sane, at least. Especially since I seem to be even more dangerous, what with actually knowing about magic now. I can't think of much new information to tell you. Only that nothing very interesting is going on and I'm stuck with the muggles for another few months. It won't be too long until we can meet again, though, and that thought is definitely keeping me going. I'll see you soon, and again, Happy Birthday! Your Best Friend, Harry ' Draco smiled fondly, thumbing the parchment before rolling it back up and setting it aside in favor of the present wrapped in a dull green, with a silver bow on the top. Perfect. He tugged it over, and shook and rattled it before inspecting the packaging as best as possible. No indentations... Nothing that seemed to bubble out. Just a perfect box. It was too perfect. Tearing the paper to shreds - although saving the bow and tucking it away - Draco tugged open the box and flipped it upside down. Out tumbled a thick, hardcover book. Ridiculous child, Harry was. He could have just wrapped the book , honestly. Mm... But then Draco would have known it was a book, so he had to give Harry some credit, he supposed. Turning the book over to the front cover, he saw it was a familiar shade of green, and seemed styled much like their school books. On the front, however, was the word 'Chemistry'. That... That was a muggle thing, right? Hm... Well. Part of this whole 'experience' was trying new things. He could give it a go, he supposed. That was how his father found him hanging upside-down off his bed, later, devouring the book with his eyes wide. Draco only looked up - down? - the third time his father cleared his throat, "Did you forget about the ball tonight? Your guests started arriving not too long ago." "The...ball?" Draco tilted his head, frowning. "What ball?" And, oh. That was not a good look that his father gave him. Actually, now that he thought about it, Harry had mentioned a ball too, in his letter. "The ball for your birthday that we decided to throw once you arrived home, due to being in the hosptial for your actual birthday. The one you and your mother have been planning for a week. The one you're now late to." Draco gasped, launching himself up. "I nearly forgot!" He had to stop immediately as the blood went rushing from his head, and his vision went black for a moment. When he came back to himself, he felt a hand on his back that was keeping him from toppling over. "Perhaps not become unconscious for this one. Do you have an outfit ready, or would you like one of the elves to help you get dressed?" Draco waved his hand. "It happens all the time. And yes, I've had an outfit picked out for a week, " Draco reassured, scrambling for his closet and nearly slipping to the floor a couple times. Only because they'd been just waxed. Of course. "Very well, try to get dressed within the hour," Lucius 'warned', the amusement not hard to see in his eyes. "You know how your friends get when they're kept waiting. Especially the Parkinson girl." "Yes, father," Draco called. It was twenty minutes later that he ran to the ballroom, only just stopping himself as he neared the doors. Composing himself, Draco stood up straight and combed his hair back, walking in with all the grace and charm of his mother. It was slightly ruined when Pansy tackled him in a hug, very nearly knocking them to the floor, "Draco! It's been so long since I've seen you!" "Pansy," Draco laughed, hugging her back just as tightly. "It's been a week. You can't have missed me too terribly." Although it was nice to see her again, and Blaise as well, judging by the arm thrown around his shoulder. "A week to you two is like a year, Draco, come on now," Blaise grinned, tugging at Draco's jacket collar. "What took you so long, anyways? You're usually not this late when it comes to your birthday parties." Draco gave a weak grin. "I got distracted by a new book." Really, muggle potions were so interesting . They even called it by a different name! He might have to take Muggle Studies this time, just so he could look more into this. "Please, darling, don't become another Blaise," Pansy whined, still hanging off of Draco. "You should instead come dance with me so we can show everyone up." "Alright, alright," Draco laughed, holding a hand out to her. "Shall we?" Looking to Blaise, he laughed. "Don't worry! I'll be back for you, Blaise!" The exaggerated eyeroll was a gift, truly. As was Pansy's wide smile as she pulled them out onto the dance floor. "So, you and your Gryffindors up to anything for next year? I think you'll have a hard time beating what you got up to over this last year." "Oh, I've got a good feeling," he hummed. Every year with Harry Potter was an experience. Besides, this year was supposed to be that whole 'Heir of Slytherin' business... He would need to start looking into that. He didn't remember much, and what he did had been hushed up by the school. "Any chance you can get away from your Gryffindors here and there and spend more time with us," Pansy pouted, looking adorably childish. "I miss you, Drakey." Draco gave her a smile. "I miss you too, but Harry is my friend, too. It's hard, trying to divide up my time. Especially since we barely have classes with each other, Pansy." "I know, I know," Pansy sighed, smiling a bit as Draco twirled her in a spin. "Why don't you bring Harry with you, then? I like him. He seems nice... He's good for you. Plus, he acts like a Slytherin would." "Yes, but..." Draco sighed. "He's not pureblood." And that was what it all came down to, in Slytherin. If you weren't a pureblood, you pretended you were. Much like Blaise had done - and was probably doing here, too. "No, he's not... But he's Harry Potter, and anyone smart will know it'd pay to be nice to him until we all see what happens in the future. Besides, if you don't spend time with us, we'll just have to spend time with you. Can you imagine how upset Gryffindors will be to have even more snakes at their table?" Draco smirked and gave a small nod. "Sounds perfect. We could all start studying together. Blaise and Granger could at least do with having someone to match them." "That doesn't sound too bad... But only if I get to kidnap Weasley and play with him for a bit. He looks to be so much fun to play with," Pansy grinned and ah, yes. Here was the start of Pansy's behavior when it came to... conquesting . His smirk widened as he twirled her again before ending the dance. "Which one?" "Oh, darling," Pansy purred, smile and gaze absolutely wicked . "Why should I have to choose?" "That's my girl," he said with a grin before turning over towards Blaise. "Well? Get over here!" "I regret being friends with you two," Blaise sighed, trudging over anyways, arms crossed as he stared at them. "This was cute when we were little, but not so much now that we're getting older." "And what's so wrong with it, now?" Draco smiled, holding his hand out for Blaise. "I'll let you lead, this time." Heh, Blaise didn't stand a chance. And really, dancing with someone else as the lead was fun, here and there. "You're a manipulative creature of darkness and destruction." "Come on, then." Draco caught the glances that Blaise shot him, only a couple every now and then. Wow. How had it taken him so long, before, to realize how bent he was? Although, he hadn't really had thoughts on his love life when he was this young. "Horrible," Blaise repeated, sweeping Draco up into a dance next. "We really do miss you, you know. Slytherin isn't the same without a Malfoy in it." "I know," Draco sighed. "You know I'm still a Slytherin, though. No matter what some tattered old rag says. I'll bleed green and silver until the day I die." "Oh trust me, we all know," Blaise chuckled, shaking his head. "Still, try to spend a bit more time with us this year? Pans is driving me up the wall with all her gossip, and Vince and Theo... They've been distant, lately. I think their fathers are cracking down on them. Greg seems a bit lost from it, as well." "Right. How do you feel about study groups with a few Gryffindors?" Tilting his head, Blaise gave a small nod before smirking. "Sounds fun. Think we can break a few people before the Christmas hols?" "Only a few? Blaise. Give me some credit." Draco smirked, looking far too amused. "You're right. We can get all the first years." Draco couldn't remember when he'd laughed so much. :: "...Dobby." "Yes, Master Draco?" "I'm scared." Draco was curled tightly around his pillow, hugging it to his chest. His room was dark, nothing but beams of moonlight shining down, showing flashes of Dobby, who was tidying up his room. Normally Draco would be loathe to show any fear, let alone admit to it, but Dobby... Dobby had been one of the elves that near raised him at times. "What is Master Draco being scared of?" Dobby asked quietly, round green eyes staring at Draco through the darkness. "Harry, he- He's in danger, at Hogwarts. Every year, he goes there, and... I'm scared something's going to happen to him." Draco curled further around his pillow before quickly rising and stumbling out of the room. He couldn't just lie there... He needed to be doing something productive! He vaguely heard Dobby say his name but brushed it off, he just... He couldn't handle talking about this right now. He just needed to- To read something. Research. Try to find out more about this Heir before the year started, like he should have done with the Philosopher's Stone. It seemed like hours before Draco found a small, leather-bound book. He opened it, where the first page said prominently 'This Diary is the sole property of Tom Marvelo Riddle.' A flip through showed the date Jan 1 on the first page, and nothing else written beyond that. A diary... Wasn't a bad idea. He could write down everything he was thinking - everything about when he'd come from - and tell no one. Tucking the diary away to sneak back to his room, Draco decided to write in it later today, once he could put his thoughts in order.