A/N: Dear reader – Though I am a lifelong lover of Tolkien's world, I am not an expert. I have also taken some liberties, which I hope you will forgive. I have invented the author of this journal, Eren, and many other things for entertainment's sake. Thank you for reading, and I hope you can find enjoyment in my interpretation of these crazy elves. THE ELVENKING'S SCRIBE Correspondence to Mr. B. Surrey Academiae Hall, Old Minas Tirith, Gondor Dear Cousin, Last week as myself and my brother were plowing a new field just south of the Green Woods, we found some records encased in a box buried in the side of a hill. Most were broken beyond comprehension, but this one seems to be mostly intact. It's written in the old elvish language I can't read, so I assumed you'd be able to do something better with it. It looks like it should be in a museum. What do you think? Let me know if it's of use. Warm Regards, T. Brown Wiltshire, Green Woods, Rhovanion -ooOOoo- Entry One: To Whom It May Concern: My name is Eren and I am the scribe of Thranduil, Elvenking of the Greenwood, or Mirkwood, or even the Dark Wood some might call it, the one or the other or the third, depending on what this wood might do to you. But that isn't a satisfactory introduction; allow me to revise. My name is Eren, and it is pronounced with a tapped "r", not a hard "r" like the Northron men would have it mangled. The skies know my sister has had it bad enough with mispronunciations. Indeed I have a sister, but let me start again. My name is Eren, and I am a daughter of Elrond of Rivendell, half-elven, which makes me three-quarters elven if one believes that everything is so cut and dry. It was in Rivendell and by my father that I was trained and learned the manners, skills, and eloquence with which I was to navigate my life. It was also there that my tutors discovered I had a unique ability with scribing, in fact I possess the ability to write dictation far faster than any other elf in Rivendell. Perhaps I am also able to do so more beautifully than any other elf, but one would have to ask after my skills elsewhere, for I desire not to cross over into boasting. At this, the reader might ask: how did I, someone who hailed from such a beautiful, peaceful land, and not being an elf of low birth, come to be the scribe to the Elvenking who reigned over the most cursed forest in the East? If I hadn't lived it I wouldn't have believed it, but in the following account I will try to describe the course of events which led to my fate. Misfortune began one morning when my father emerged from a meeting with Celeborn of Lothlorien possessing new ideas of the sort which makes an elf think things which he had previously not considered. I should have known when he came into the room wherein Arwen and I were peacefully breakfasting that something was on the cusp of change; he had that look about him, the one in which one's layers don't seem to all line up, wherein one is caught in between settling on this or that, and in which one's previous notions might have been brought into questionable bas-relief, rife for sanding away. "Eren," he said, his pronunciation always perfect, which I appreciated. "Good morning, Father," said Arwen, ever perfect, which I didn't appreciate as much. "Yes, Father?" I inquired. He came and sat with us, which was not usual. "I've just come from a meeting with Celeborn," he said, as if in a spirit of confidence for some reason, though we already knew it. "Oh, how is Lothlorien?" asked Arwen. "Have you?" I asked, prodding for more, attempting to bypass Arwen's tiresome query. "Indeed," replied my father, also bypassing Arwen. "There is a particular… situation … happening in the Greenwood." "You mean besides the mad Sindarin king of the Sylvan nation?" I asked. "He's not mad," was my father's immediate, perhaps knee-jerk, response. "Isn't he?" I asked, consciously failing to hide my doubt. "Eccentric, perhaps," he went on, ceding a bit. "But I've been assured he's lucid. At the very least, I believe him to be lucid." I glanced at Arwen, who looked like she very much wanted to avoid discussing the possibility of an elf out of his mind. "Yes, and what is the 'situation in the Greenwood' of which you speak?" I queried politely. "He…," began my father, who, in a moment of unlike-himself-ness, seemed rather hesitant to go on. "He seems to be in need of a scribe." I very badly wanted to laugh, but I didn't, of course. "And that is a 'situation'?" I asked. My father tapped the tips of his fingers on the table, as if there was more he was trying to get out. I decided to wait for it. He glanced at me, and then he leaned forward, his elbows on the table, steepled his fingers together and made that face. Oh, that face, that face… it always meant awful things. "Oh… no," I said, lacking eloquence. "Eren," he said, addressing me more formally, as if that would make it any better. "There is no scribe more skilled than you." "Yes, but there are plenty of scribes skilled enough ," I objected. "I want you there to … keep an eye on the king," he said, still utterly calm, and still making that face. "That forest is full of spiders," I resisted. "He's an isolationist, Eren, but Lothlorien and Rivendell need to know what happens in the Greenwood. There are troublesome forces which we suspect to be at work, yet we cannot know without his cooperation. As his scribe you will know everything, everything that happens in the kingdom." "Are you aware of how big those spiders are?" I asked, grasping for excuses. "And due to your undeniable skill," he went on, ignoring my protests, "he will not deny you, despite who you are." I will admit to feeling a flash of indignation. "What issue could he possibly have with who I am?" I asked. "You're my daughter," he replied. "Which is exactly why he should feel honored to have me as his scribe." "What one expects is generally not what one receives from the king of the Greenwood elves," said my father, looking cryptic. "And you insist he is not mad," I replied, sullen. "Not any madder than any other elf who has lived for thousands of years within and without the turmoil of wars," said my father, something sad in his eyes. "So because of my skill, I am to be cursed to dwell in Mirkwood?" I asked. "Temporarily," said my father. "And is it such a curse?" He had such a way of turning things around with a few words, my father. Was it such a curse? Absolutely. Yes. Awful. However, he made me see the tiny, miniscule sliver of a silver-lining: it probably wouldn't be boring. "How long," I parlayed. "Not long," he said, though we were elves, and whatever did that mean, anyway? "Four months," I said. "I can't make any promises," he said. "Why not?" I asked. "Because," he said, seeming pained and hesitant to continue. He did go on, but vaguely: "There's something happening at Dol Guldur." "I dislike that name," said Arwen, displeased with the turn of conversation, and she stood. "Eren, I'll meet you later to walk in the north woods." My father and I both watched Arwen go. "Cannot Lothlorien keep well enough eye on Dol Guldur?" I replied. "There is no one closer to the darkness that seeps through Rhovanion than King Thranduil," said my father. "And you would send your daughter into that darkness?" I asked. "I would only send one of my daughters into that darkness," he replied. I leaned back in my chair. "The first would wilt at the trial," he said, meaning Arwen, I knew, "but the second I know to be stronger than that." It was a high compliment my father gave me, and perhaps it was enough to take part of the sting out of the prospect of leaving my comfortable surroundings in Rivendell. There was the added benefit of how very interesting the idea of travelling to this secret place was, since I knew very little of Mirkwood, and to be frank, it was a mystery to most. "Fine," I agreed. "I will send you letters that are completely banal, and then I will send the letters with the real, useful information addressed to Arwen." "Yes?" said my father. "Figure out how to intercept them," I said. "We wouldn't want Arwen confused." "I can manage," he replied. "I also want mother's emerald circlet," I said. "Done," he said. "Then we are in agreement," I said, rising from my chair. "When do I leave?" "Tomorrow," he said. Tomorrow! "Who is the mad elf, Thranduil or yourself, father?" "I would be cautious about tossing around the elf-king's name without his honorific, Eren." It was as if he didn't even notice I'd asked him if he was mad. "One cannot be so mindful when one has just learned that one is leaving for the dread wastelands in one day," I replied. "The Greenwood is not a dread wasteland!" This was true, and I sighed. "I suppose it isn't," I said, ceding the point. "But this had better be worth it, father." "Of course it will be," he replied. "I will trust your assurance," I said. My father smiled at me, but that smile held many things that didn't assure me at all. -ooOOoo— I must admit that as I watched the dark tree line of Mirkwood grow larger and larger I experienced larger and larger amounts of growing dread. I felt as if I was losing something and gaining something at the same time, but I knew not what either could be. And there the forest sat, silent, waiting, static, stoic, dark. I wondered why I should willingly enter whilst I still possessed my sanity, but yet there I was, doing so once the trees loomed above. I wasn't alone, however. I had my guards and other attendants to help with the whole process, since I was moving residences, after all. At least it was supposed to be only temporary. Everyone grew silent once we entered the wood because we had to. No one knew what to say. The forest seemed to wait, but for what it was impossible to tell. It seemed sad, it seemed strong, it seemed patient, it seemed maligned, proud, sick, eternal, but we didn't know what secrets it held and it wasn't going to tell us. It was kind of unfair, really. I felt the sickness most of all, though. It stuck to the forest like a parasite, and it was as if the forest desired to shake it off once and for all, but it didn't know how. Were we supposed to know how? I certainly didn't know how. The feeling struck us all dumb, and that's how we remained as we ventured deep into its sickly shadows. I heard not a single bird or stirring creature along the entire path, and it felt wholly unnatural. Was this the place I was to live? The claustrophobia of such a fate began to press in on me. Maybe I didn't make the best of decisions on certain days. Eventually I couldn't take the pressing silence any longer and I broke it, like a shard of glass. "How far until we reach the kingdom?" I asked my nearest guard. He seemed relieved to hear my voice, as if tightness had been released by the normalcy of small talk. "It shouldn't be far," he replied, though vague. The vagueness of his response prompted me to