"Piper! Wake up! You're gonna make us late for class!" Piper groaned as she opened her eyes. Rays of morning sun peaked through the cracks of the blinds. Another beautiful day in New York City. Piper hopped out of bed, throwing on a pair of worn capris and her favorite faded Linkin Park t-shirt. She then took a quick glance in the mirror. Piper hated her natural beauty, most people would kill for it, but Piper hated the attention. She quickly combed through her choppy brown hair and headed down to the kitchen in her apartment. Annabeth, her roommate, threw her an apple as she entered the living room. She was dressed in her usual grey v-neck that matched her stormy eyes and denim skinny jeans. She slipped on her black windbreaker and grabbed her bag. "No time. We're already running late." She said heading out the door. Piper slipped on her jacket and quickly grabbed her keys and bag before running out the door behind Annabeth. Class was a bore, as usual. Piper only had work to look forward to which was sad. Piper picked up Annabeth from class before heading to their apartment. Her shift started at 5, so she had plenty of time. Piper changed into her Craig's Bar & Grill work shirt before grabbing a good book and a bowl of cereal. By the time she finished it was about 4:30. Piper sighed, giving into boredom and heading to work. Before leaving she peered into Annabeth's room where she had her head buried in a pile of blueprints. Her curly blond hair was pulled into a loose messy bun with a pencil sticking out. Annabeth was stressed out of her mind trying to finish her interior design final. "Damn it!" Annabeth yelled searching around her desk. "What's wrong?" Piper asked. "I can't find my pencil.. I just had it." The last part came out a bit muffled because Annabeth began to look around irritably. Piper laughed. "Annabeth. It's in your hair." Annabeth looked blankly at Piper before reaching back into her bun. Sure enough there was her missing pencil. Annabeth sighed in frustration. "Thanks, Piper." Annabeth said defeated. "Anytime. I'm heading off to work; I'm going to walk so if you need my car keys are on the counter." Piper added. " 'Kay. Don't get raped." Annabeth added jokingly. With that Piper headed down the steps and out the door. Craig's Bar & Grill was about a half mile down the road, which didn't take long by foot, but it could be scary at night being in New York. Piper hated her job, not the job itself, but a lot of drunk, perverted guys like to hang out there; which included Piper's ex-boyfriend, Ryan. Ryan wasn't a bad guy; he just got with the wrong crowd. Once at work, Piper started waiting tables right away. It was a Friday night so it was packed. Piper was already having rotten luck when she spotted Ryan and his groupies sitting in the corner booth, but it got worse when one of the other waitresses informed her they refused to give orders to anyone, but Piper. Great. Just my luck. She thought. Piper grabbed a hand full of menus and headed toward the corner booth. While heading to the booth she couldn't help but notice a blond guy with short hair sitting in the booth next to them. He looked up at her, meeting her gaze. He had brilliant sky blue eyes; he gave her a charming smile as she passed to the next booth. Sadly, that booth wasn't one she waited on. Piper put on a fake smile as she approached the table. They let out a loud roar that nearly silenced the whole restaurant. Piper waited for them to calm down before speaking. "Welcome to Craig's Bar & Grill, Can I start you guys off with some drinks?" Piper asked as politely as she could. Ryan stole a glance at Piper, giving her an innocent smile. Piper returned with a glare; Ryan retreated, looking back down and hiding in his menu. "I'd like to start off with you…" the ugly (well not ugly physically, but personality wise), leader said a.k.a. Rick. He was sitting on the edge with Ryan next to him. His hair was shaggy and ungroomed as always, he thought it was sexy, Piper thought it was lazy. "Not on the menu." Piper said gritting her teeth angrily. Every night they harassed her, but she couldn't do anything about it because they were customers. She had other customers to serve. "Whatever you say, babe." He said putting up his hands innocently. They then recited their orders and Piper was off. While the kitchen staff prepared the drinks, Piper quickly caught up on orders. Table 5's food was done; Table 3 still needed to give their orders; Table 10 needed refills. Piper did it all in record timing. She then delivered the drinks to the group of demon spawns as Piper called them. Before they could give her trouble, Piper scurried off to wait on the other tables. She hated walking away because she could feel their stares at her behind. Actually, she hated facing either direction because either way they were staring at something; they never looked her in the eyes. She headed over to the kitchen to put in another set of orders when her manager called over to her. She quickly walked over to him. "Nance just went home with the flu; I need you to cover her tables." He informed me. "Her tables? I already have my hands full. I can't take them all!" He sighed. "Fine, Just take Tables 4 and 8." Realization hit Piper. 8. That's where the blond guy was sitting. A little part of Piper wanted to do a happy dance, but she kept a straight face and nodded to her manager. She then heard the ding of the bell in the kitchen, which meant someone's order was up. Piper scurried over to the counter. The order was for table 8. That was her table now. Piper took a deep breath before grabbing a stand to hold the tray and the tray of food itself. Gracefully, Piper walked over to table 8. Piper could tell they had order a ton of food because the tray was heavy. At least 5-6 plates for the 4 people she counted sitting at the booth. She set the stand down, opening it up, and then set the tray on it so she could distribute food. "Alright, who ordered the BBQ Burger?" Piper asked. In the corner a pale kid with long black hair said it was his. She passed it to him. "The Hot & Spicy Chicken?" A tan guy with curly brown hair and elf like features piped up. She set it in front of him. "Medium rare steak?" At the end of the booth a guy with sea green eyes claimed it as his. "And the Cheeseburger with Tomato and Lettuce?" That was the blond guy's. He gave her a small smile as she passed it to him. They also had a side of onion rings and fries that Piper just squeezed in the middle of the table. "Can I get you guys anything else?" Piper asked politely. She looked around all the guys shook their heads as they dug in except the blond guy. His gaze was set on her; his eyes were almost worried or sad, Piper didn't know what. Her gaze wavered as she looked at him; she couldn't help but look at his stunning blue eyes. Her thoughts broke off when she heard a crash. She flinched at the sound. She looked towards it; the corner booth of demon spawns had knocked over a one of their drinks. Luckily it was plastic, so it didn't break only spilled everywhere. Piper sighed. She snuck a quick look at the mysterious blond guy who was staring angrily at the demon spawn. Piper couldn't help but wonder why. Most of the people around them just rolled their eyes in annoyance at the teenagers then continued on with their meal. "Hey, babe!" Rick called. "Mind picking that up?" Piper put on a brave face with a fake smile and walked the two steps to the booth. She bent down and grabbed the cup. Within two seconds of grabbing the cup, she felt a hand on her ass. Not a brush of a hand, but a hard grasp of her butt. Piper gasped and jumped up away from the hand. The hand belonged to none other than Rick. Ryan looked ashamed to be there, while Rick looked genuinely happy. Her fist clenched at her sides with undeniable anger that swelled within. Piper wished with all of the hatred she had for him that she could slap that silly smirk off his face, but her manager was watching and she would get fired if she did. He warned her if she did anything out of line that could cause a law suit; she'd be fired. Piper needed this job so she could keep up on bills, so she did what she could. She took a deep uneasy breath and walked away, which was one of the hardest things Piper has ever done. 4 agonizing hours later, Piper was finally free. She quickly grabbed her jacket and practically ran out the door, setting out into the night. The brisk, chill night air instantly cooled her, physically and emotional. Taking a deep breath Piper let her mind relax. She wasn't going to let Ryan get to her; he wasn't worth it. Craig's Bar & Grill was on the smaller side of town, so the night was quaint. Dim street lights lightened the streets overhead with millions of beautifully shining stars above them. Suddenly, she felt a hand touch her shoulder. Piper's instant reaction was to turn and swing at them in one swift motion. The figure merely leaned back to dodge her swing. Piper blinked a few times; she recognized the figure. It was the blond headed guy from the booth. What was he still doing here? She saw them leave a few hours ago. "Are you stalking me?" Piper asked half-jokingly. "Not in a threatening way." He said teasingly. They both then laughed. "Mind if I walk you home?" Piper smiled then motioned for him to follow her. What am I doing? Piper thought. I don't even know this guy. But with one look into his sincere, gentle eyes she knew he wasn't trouble. As they walked, Piper learned his name was Jason, Jason Grace. He was passing through New York with some of his friends. Piper soon found out, they both have a lot in common; they both love the outdoors and pizza. Piper could already tell this guy was different. He was kind and charming; most guys just wanted in her pants, but Jason didn't come off like that. Half a mile later, they were at the footsteps of Piper's apartment. "This is me." Piper told him. Jason was a safe, comfortable distance in front of her. He examined the area quietly before turning to Piper and looking in her eyes. Jason couldn't decide what color they were; he only knew that they were absolutely gorgeous and radiant. Jason took a quick gulp of air, gathering his courage. "So-um- are you doing anything tomorrow?" Jason asked rubbing his back of his neck. "Well I'm supposed to go to the beach with my friend, Annabeth, and she'd kill me if I bail on her…" Piper saw his face fall in disappointment. "But if you have a friend that you could set her up with then we could just make it a double date." She finished with a smile. Jason smiled, "Perfect, I know just the guy. So we'll pick you up at 3?" Piper smiled and nodded. With one last charming smile, Jason turned and headed out into the night. "You did