Collection Author's Notes : 1) As stated in the summary, this is a collection of fics with plunnies that died shortly after I began writing the story. I didn't want to deprive any of my readers of these snippets of tales by simply deleting them. This is also not an invitation to anyone to ask to adopt any of the included stories. That may seem bitchy, but I'm very protective of my work, even in the case of dead plunnies. 2) Summaries and number of chapters, per-fic, will be noted at the top of each story. 3) If any of these plunnies revive in the future, I will pull the fic from this collection and repost it. 4) Thorfinn Rowle's pet name for Hermione (Princess), and the backstory of him being a 7th year while Hermione was a 1st, are both canon created for his character by Canimal. I use these elements with her knowledge and permission. 5) Hermione, Thorfinn, Greyback, and Antonin were the only characters listed in the tags, because FFN only allows for 4, and they're the most readily recognizable to my readers. OCs : Augustin and Corvus Selwyn (who appear in a number of my other DE fics) are my take on the canon character of Selwyn. Orias Mulciber (who appears in a number of my other DE fics) is my take on the canon character of Mulciber. Katerina Dolohov is a completely original character created specifically for Vozmezdiye (retribution). FANCASTS ACROSS INCLUDED WORKS : Jared Leto as Sirius Black ; Sebastian Stan as Augustin/Corvus Selwyn ; Idris Elba as Kingsley Shacklebolt ; Jason Momoa as Fenrir Greyback ; Tom Hiddleston as Remus Lupin ; Ian Somerhalder as Antonin Dolohov [in Heaven's a Lie, only] ; Chris Hemsworth as Thorfinn Rowle ; Nyle DiMarco as Rabastan Lestrange ; Henry Cavill as Tom Riddle, Jr. ; Eva Green as Alecto Carrow ; Ashley Benson as Daphne Greengrass ; Ksenia Solo as Nymphadora Tonks ; Brock O'Hurn as Orias Mulciber ; Michiel Huisman as Antonin Dolohov ; Holland Roden as Katerina Dolohov ; Alexander Skarsgard as Lucius Malfoy DISCLAIMER : I do not own Harry Potter , or any affiliated characters, and make no profit from this work. Summary : After the War, Sirius miraculously reemerges from the Arch, the maddening whispers of his cousin Bellatrix, still in his ears. His return may be the breath of fresh air Wizarding Britain needs. Harry is eager to follow his god father, as is Hermione. Though she can't deny her response may have something to do with the dark and tempting way Sirius looks at her, now. [1 Chapter] A WHISPER IN THE DARKNESS But think of the cause , Bella's words were still in his ear as he drifted into consciousness. If we come for you, you know our Lord won . . . . If you awake alone, you know what happened. And you know what to do. Sirius stepped from the Arch, still half in dreaming, it seemed. Drawing a deep breath, he gave himself a shake and opened his eyes. His last memories were of the fight taking place here. But now . . . no one greeted him. No sounds from further throughout the Department of Mysteries met his ears. He'd awoken alone. And he knew what that meant. Sirius frowned in thought as he nodded, blue-grey eyes flashing with anger, and then clearing, again. A mess for him to clean up. Of bloody course. Puffing out his cheeks as he exhaled, he looked about the empty chamber, once more. "Well, shit," he said, drawing his wand to call upon his Patronus. "Looks as though there's work to be done." It seemed just as well, Hermione thought, as she became aware of some pale illumination behind her closed eyelids. This was the first night in the handful of months since the War's end that she'd been getting a good night's sleep. Actually getting rest might be a dangerous thing, at this point—as though she might become accustomed to it after one night or it. Couldn't miss sleep if she didn't recall what it felt like, now could she? Sitting up in bed, she gave an exhausted stretch. One hand gripped on her wand beneath her pillow—this was certainly a step up from blindly loosing her magic at the faintest creak of the house during those first few weeks—Hermione opened her eyes. The sight of the large canine, built of silver wisps and crackles of faint blue-white energy, stopped her heart in her chest. She had to still be dreaming. Swallowing hard, she pushed her blanket away and climbed out of bed. She was so certain she couldn't possibly be seeing this that it didn't even occur to her that she wore nothing more than a short cotton shirt and knickers as she crossed the room on shaky legs to stand before the familiar Patronus. Her brow furrowed and she had to stop herself from reaching out to try to touch it—fat lot of good that would do her, anyway. "Sirius?" An equally familiar voice, heavy with relief, came from the ghostly image. "Hermione! Thank Merlin. What's happened? Where is everyone?" She choked back a shocked sob and fell to her knees. "Where is everyone? Where are you ?" There was a distance in his voice, as though he was turning his head away from his wand to look about. "I'm in the Department of Mysteries . . . . Last I can recall, Bellatrix was hexing me, then I fell backward. Next thing I knew, everyone was gone." Hermione scrambled to make sense of what was before her—of what he was telling her. Sirius was alive! But that shouldn't be possible . . . couldn't be possible, and yet it seemed so. Voldemort's demise loosed an unprecedented wash of magical energy across Wizarding Britain, Kingsley had said to her and Harry only last week, when it had come to his attention that long-understood magical artifacts—dark and light, alike—had started behaving strangely. "Of course," she said in an awed whisper as she nodded to her own recollection. "Voldemort's death! It's been causing all sorts of mad things! It—it must've somehow allowed the last interaction of the Arch to reverse." There was a long pause, during which it seemed his Patronus lifted a single, disbelieving brow at her. "I fell through the Arch? That seems unlikely, seeing as I'm here ." With a quiet sigh—and a shake of her head as she gave muted laugh—she explained what the Minister had told them. "Oh, well, then I suppose this all makes sense. I dread what I must ask next, then . . . ." Her grin melted into a small, sad smile. "We'll have much to talk about when you're home with Harry and me." He seemed about to say something more when she bounced up to her feet. "C'mon! We've got to go tell Harry—he won't believe me if he doesn't see you with his own eyes!" The wispy form floated after her, giving a start when she halted and turned on her heel to face him. "Wait, why did you come to me instead of going to Harry, first?" "It was only that the first room I tried happened to be yours," he said, though his tone was full of cheek—clearly holding back some snarky barb at her for thinking he put her so easily above his own godson. "Besides . . . if Harry sleeps dressed like that, I'm not sure I want to see it." Brow furrowing, Hermione looked down at herself. Gasping, she only just prevented herself from clumsily covering herself with her arms—after all, she'd just had an entire conversation with him while half-naked, it wasn't as though shielding things after the fact would do any good. It hadn't occurred to her that he might see her through his Patronus, but she knew if anyone could figure out the correct investment of energy to use their Patronus as a lookout on top of its typical secondary purpose of being a means of communication, it would be him. Although . . . . "Suppose I should put on some proper bottoms, first." "Don't trouble yourself on my account." She bit her lip as she stepped around the ghostly image to retrieve a part of pyjama bottoms from her dresser. Not that she'd never been subjected to teasing from the man, but this certainly had a different tone than she could rightly recall from him before. Hoping her blush didn't leak into her voice, somehow, she said, "Sirius Black, you behave yourself." As she pulled on the article of clothing, she heard a muffled tumble of sound from him. Too low for her to clearly make out, but she could've sworn he'd just chuckled quietly and uttered the words make me . Tears gathered in the corners of her eyes as she watched Harry barrel across Kingsley Shacklebolt's office and into the waiting arms of his godfather. Even the Minister was smiling, despite this very odd turn of events, at the reunion. Harry, himself, was so relieved to see his imagination was not playing tricks on him that he was not even aware when he began speaking. He rambled uncontrollably about the tally of the War—those they'd lost, those he couldn't save, by his account. Hermione stopped in midstride as she moved to stand beside Kingsley. Whipping her head around to look at her best friend, she opened her mouth to correct him. Honestly, he couldn't be everywhere during the War, protecting every single person who mattered to them and they both well knew it, but he still felt as though every death was his fault, his responsibility. Catching her look over Harry's shoulder, however, Sirius shook his head. Frowning, she closed her mouth and continued walking. "Harry, no," Sirius said, clamping his hands around the younger wizard's elbows to hold him at arms' length. "Same boy I remember . . . . Always thinking the weight of the world is yours, alone, to carry." "How much did you tell him?" she asked the Minister in a whisper. Casting a glance in her direction, he lowered his voice to match hers. "Everything. He needed to know, and I had hoped to spare Harry the pain of having to relive it all so soon." "Although," Sirius said, gripping his godson's chin with gentle fingers and turning Harry's head this way and that. "Maybe not the same boy, as I don't quite remember you sporting a five o'clock shadow before." Harry offered a solemn expression. "We're not children, anymore." Hermione started just a little, certain she was imagining it when Sirius' gaze flicked in her direction for a split-second before he replied, "I can see that." Kingsley pushed away from where he'd been leaning against his desk and crossed the office to stand beside the pair. "Despite the hour, I called in a Healer to look him over. Harry, your godfather is in good health, despite his ordeal. You two are free to take him home." Snickering, Hermione rolled her eyes as she came to join them. "No, we thought we'd leave him here." Sirius made a scoffing sound in the back of his throat, finally turning his full attention on her. "Is that snark I hear from you ? Well, time really does change things." Sniffling despite the smile on her face, she shook her head, but found she could not reply as he turned toward her and pulled her into his arms. Though the hug was rather sudden, she supposed it should not have been unexpected, as they'd hardly been strangers before he'd gone . But then . . . if it was not unexpected, why did she have to remind herself to breathe as she circled him with her arms to return the embrace? Perhaps because it was a bit too tight? Or that it went on bit longer than she thought might