Author's Notes : This is an alternate telling of Canimal's Mage's Captive fics ( The Silver Mage's Captive , & it's companion piece The Dark Mage's Captive [an alternate telling of TSMC ]). The Golden Mage's Captive is written & posted with permission of Canimal. (Similarities between this story and Canimal's original works are intentional—the alternate tellings contain the same major world events, but differ in pivotal moments at the very beginning of the story, affecting both Hermione's fate & how she interacts with the new, darker Wizarding world) Anyone who'd like to verify with Canimal that this story is approved by her, I invite you to PM her. I take no offense to anyone needing verification for their own peace of mind. *This can be read as a standalone, but I encourage you to read Canimal's completed originals. Links on my FFN profile. CONTENT WARNING : This is a bit darker than I usually write. It will contain mentions of, & reference to, non-con, torture, violence, and character death. THORFINN ROWLE FANCAST : Chris Hemsworth (it's not intentional Thor is my Thorfinn fancast, just an amusing coincidence) DISCLAIMER : Harry Potter and all affiliated characters © JK Rowling Chapter One 2nd of May, 1998 Alecto fucking Carrow. Thorfinn didn't trust the bitch as far as he could throw a dragon—it was no secret she was barking. But , on rare occasion, even bitches who were barking mad served a purpose. Harry Potter had fallen and the scene erupted in the most disjointed cacophony—howls of triumph and screams of agony and sorrow mingling. Yet, it seemed a moment of utter shock passed before either side moved. In the fleeting, confused silence, he followed Antonin's line of sight. Of course it was fixed on that infuriating pain in his arse, Hermione Granger. Antonin was obsessed with her—he tried to hide it, sure, but no man talked about a witch that much unless he had a hard on for her. Whether that was in the fun way or the gruesome way was anyone's guess. And it was in that moment that the most bizarre thing happened. A giant came tearing through the battlefield and snatched up the Mudblood. As the thing bolted into the Forbidden Forest with her, the battle resumed, though, without their leader and his girlfriend, or whatever the fuck she was to Potter, the survivors didn't stand a chance. But, as everyone else had watched the massive creature stomp away with what likely would have been one damn fine war prize, Alecto Carrow watched Antonin. And she did not like the expression dawning on his handsome features as his gaze followed the young witch. As the Dark Lord called for all usable survivors to be rounded up, Alecto caught Thorfinn by the elbow. Wincing at the unwanted touch, he tried to shake her off. Until he saw the insistent and quite clear look in her typically mad eyes. She seemed to be hiding in his shadow—not difficult with the way he towered over most of the other Death Eaters—and it took him a moment to understand. Mad bitch was trying to keep Antonin from seeing her there. Which could only mean she was up to something. "Tell him to go after the giant," she said, her voice nearly buried beneath the chaos around them. "Oh, you are mad, aren't you?" Alecto held in a growl, continuing in a hissing whisper, "The Dark Lord means to reward his faithful. If Antonin gets to him first, what do you think he might ask for?" There was an unpleasant jolt to realizing that even lunatics could be sharp. He looked toward Antonin. Sure enough, the older wizard was surveying the tree line, trying to determine where the giant had gone, exactly. " If it occurs to him to ask for her, you'll lose your chance at revenge, won't you?" Frowning, he cast a quick look at her over his shoulder. "Fuck, I hate it when you make sense." Alecto smiled—a syrupy expression that made Thorfinn wince all over again—and stepped back. Just in time to hear the Dark Lord shout for Molly Weasley to be brought before him. Antonin turned away from the break in the wall and started for the Great Hall. Their master had retreated into the cavernous room—possibly thinking it quite amusing to sit on the gilded chair once used by Albus Dumbledore—the moment Potter's body collapsed at his feet. "What are you doing?" Thorfinn asked, stepping in front of him. "Go after the giant!" Dark eyes blinking rapidly, Antonin tried to process the suggestion. " What ?" Broad shoulders slumping, Thorfinn rolled his eyes and tried again. "Go after the giant. Otherwise, you might lose track of the Mudblood." Antonin hid the way he forced a gulp down his throat as he once more looked toward the Forest. True, the giant had saved her from the battle, but who knew what would become of her in there? Nodding, he darted toward the trees, wand at the ready. Thorfinn watched him for only a few heartbeats before he turned on a heel and headed for the Great Hall. Yet, as soon as he set foot in there, he wished he could be anywhere else. More of his fellow dark wizards than he cared to count were indulging in some of the more violent and deplorable displays of victory. Against the walls, on the floor . . . . The screams of the witches at their mercy echoed dully off the massive chamber, only seeming to fuel their assailants. He kept his eyes carefully averted as he crossed the floor, though his skin absolutely crawled with the sounds of it. Murder? He didn't bat an eye. Torture? Sure, it certainly had its uses. But rape he could never quite wrap his head around. Of course, Rabastan liked to say that if Thorfinn had ever needed more than a wink and a charming grin to get a witch, he might understand. The Weasley matriarch was dead and gone by the time he reached the foot of the dais. And mixing with the witches' cries was a rather distinct voice, in particular. Though, he didn't want to lift his gaze to confirm the sight, he couldn't help himself. Narcissa Malfoy stood, a shriek grating out from between stubbornly clenched teeth as a painfully familiar red energy wracked her. How the woman was still on her feet was beyond him, but worse, yet, was that her torment was being inflicted by her own husband and son. They all knew she'd deceived the Dark Lord, and he did not tolerate betrayal. Yet, this was more than Thorfinn had expected. Their master clearly wanted her agony sharpened with the knowledge that her loved ones were forced to take her life; to drive her mad before she fell. She would spend her last moments of sanity burdened with the awareness of what murdering her would do to them. Thorfinn turned his gaze away before he could register the expressions on Draco's and Lucius' face as they alternated delivering her punishment. He wasn't certain he wanted to know what a man looked like during a moment such as that. "Thorfinn." The voice of the Dark Lord—dripping with amusement at his own twisted cleverness—sent a chill up Thorfinn's spine. He'd not slipped up once during the Battle, which he knew was a feat, considering how heavy-handed he could be with spellcasting in the heat of combat. He knew he'd done admirably today, yet he was stricken with a sudden fear that he might've committed some act of which he was unaware, but that the serpentine wizard would consider a grievous misstep. "My Lord?" "Come forward." Nodding, Thorfinn stepped upon the dais. He dropped to his knees before the Dark Lord, kissing the hem of his robes. "Rise." Thorfinn stood, but didn't lift his gaze to the wizard before him. "You . . . performed surprisingly well this day, Thorfinn. I wish to bestow a token upon you for your continued loyalty." The blond man was speechless, and visibly surprised by the announcement. Yes, Alecto had mentioned exactly this, but he'd still not actually believed it until this moment. The Dark Lord seemed to find the younger wizard's stunned silence wildly amusing, and he choked out a rasping laugh. "What would you deem an appropriate expression of my gratitude?" Giving himself a shake, Thorfinn found his voice—it was admittedly difficult to focus on the hissed words as the organized chaos continued throughout the Great Hall. But, this was what he'd wanted. "I want Potter's Mudblood." Again, the much-feared dark wizard erupted in laughter. Rasping and ragged, he struggled to catch his breath. "An odd request. Whatever for?" Thorfinn forced a shrug, trying to seem unfazed. "My Lord, I have suffered quite a bit of humiliation because of that little bitch. I plan on returning the favor." Seeming satisfied with this answer, the Dark Lord's thin lips twisted in a grin. "Granted. When she is found, she is yours to claim." Bowing, Thorfinn said, "Thank you, My Lord." "You may go. Antonin, come forward." Thorfinn turned, his gaze meeting Antonin's. The other wizard had clearly arrived in time to hear Thorfinn's request, if the mingled gleams of anger and disbelief in his eyes—which he was barely containing—were any indication. Schooling his features, he started toward the entryway as Antonin made his way to the dais. The dark-haired wizard avoided looking at the depravity occurring around them, just as Thorfinn had. As they neared one another, Antonin spoke under his breath—just loud enough for the younger wizard to hear him. "You would be wise not to make an enemy of me." "Tell me what you want with her, and maybe I'll see you get some playtime." An angry scowl marring his features, Antonin continued onto the Dark Lord. Thorfinn sidestepped, narrowly missing the dark-haired man's deliberate attempt to shoulder past him. 28th of January, 1999 Hermione was tired. God , was she tired. Tired and cold, and sick to her eyeballs of this wretched tent that smelled of cat urine. Some days, she thought the scent would seep into her weary bones and stay there until the moment she died. Two-hundred-seventy-one days had floated by since her world had fallen apart. Two-hundred-seventy-one days she'd been alone, never staying in one place for more than a few days for fear she'd be caught. She used her magic sparingly, erecting protective wards before settling down each evening. There were even nights that had been not quite so awful. But now . . . . Now she was freezing, the bitter cold of the Scottish winter night outside the tent cutting through the blankets she'd piled on herself. Even creating an enchanted fire was more magic than she dared use—she might as well send up a flare, inviting any roaming Death Eaters to come find her. This was one of those nights when she simply didn't understand why she kept struggling. Why did she keep pushing to survive if this was all that was left to her? Her lower lip trembled, but not from the chill in her bones. There was a terrible twisting sensation in the center of her chest, stealing her breath, as always happened when she thought . . . . Perhaps she'd have been better off, had she died beside Harry. Forcing a sniffle, she shook her head and stood. "No, no, no. You've been stuck here too long, already; you have to move, that's the problem!" Yes, yes. Moving was good. She was cold, and tired, and was lucky if she ate a single square meal in the course of three days. She needed to get somewhere warm, and she still had some money left. Probably more than enough to pay for a meal, but not by very much. God, if she didn't figure something out soon, she wasn't sure how much longer she'd be surviving. She couldn't find