Author's Notes : 1) My portrayals of Antonin Dolohov & Thorfinn Rowle are based on Canimal's characterizations of these characters in her Mage's Captive fics. I do this with her knowledge and permission. 2) This fic will be dark ish . As the writing is in-progress as I'm posting it, I can't speak to exactly what it will contain, BUT expect character death, violence, possessive behavior, smut, mention of—and reference to—non-con, talk of self-harm and attempted suicide. 3) FANCAST: Chris Hemsworth as Thorfinn Rowle, Michiel Huisman as Antonin Dolohov (thank Canimal for that , too ;) ). Disclaimer : Harry Potter and all affiliated characters © JK Rowling. Chapter One It was as Harry Potter fell that a single, brilliant and gleaming idea struck Voldemort. The battle, the struggle, all the stumbling blocks this boy had placed in his path . . . . This war Potter had come so achingly close to winning . . . . They all pointed to one simple, yet startling conclusion that Voldemort had not wanted to admit, but was clearly undeniable. Harry Potter had been a formidable wizard in his own right. If he'd managed to get the boy under his sway when he'd tried, he might've had the Wizarding World in his clutches that much sooner. Lifting his gaze from the fallen young wizard, Voldemort surveyed the battle still raging around him. Potter's followers knew they had lost, yet they kept fighting. Wasted efforts, but commendable, nonetheless. This world was his, now. And he wanted more like Harry Potter to help him hold his rule for decades to come. His attention touched on each combatant as he turned in a slow circle. He could simply seek out those like Potter, born from the blending of pure and muddied blood. However, locating them and swaying them to his will seemed an arduous task that would do nothing more than distract him from sculpting the Wizarding world according to his design. But there was another way to secure his impending reign. In order to have more wizards like Harry Potter, he would have to recreate the means by which Potter had come to be. Scooped up by him and trained from early on, as he perhaps should have done with Potter, rather than trying to end him. Taught to revere their Dark Lord and serve him without question. The first step, of course, was for such a being to have a powerful Muggle-born witch for a mother, a pure-blood for a father . . . . Yes. This idea was so brilliant and clear that there was a strange sort of bliss to it. He turned his gaze back to one witch, in particular—still in the thick of the fray. Still standing while her comrades fell in droves. An experiment would be necessary, of course. But first, he needed to organize his new empire. He needed his reign clear, and his power base stabilized before there was anything to be kept secure. He watched in a strange sort of calm as she dropped Antonin Dolohov with stunningly well-timed Petrificus Totalus, leaving her to face off against Thorfinn Rowle. With a tired sigh—she should've killed her opponent, silly girl —Voldemort took aim. The witch never saw his petrification spell coming. As she fell, Thorfinn looked toward the caster. "My Lord," he said through clenched teeth, "I had her!" "I know you did, Thorfinn." Voldemort made his way to them. He slipped the wand from the girl's fingers, snapping it in two—Bellatrix's wand, pity—before hurling the counter spell to unlock Dolohov's body with an almost careless flourish. "Do not harm her. I want all the Mudbloods gathered up—as unharmed as you can manage, if you would." Thorfinn had a bad feeling about the gleam in the Dark Lord's eyes. He didn't like it, even as he hoisted the petrified girl up and tossed her—somewhat gently, as their Lord's command was clear—over his shoulder. As Antonin climbed to his feet, he exchanged a confused glance with Thorfinn. He was admittedly relieved he wasn't being forced to kill her, but the Dark Lord had a plan in mind . . . . And that concerned him deeply . Eight Months Later Thorfinn and Antonin gaped at the Dark Lord . . . . Surely there had been something they'd misunderstood in what he was asking of them—well, not asking, because the Dark Lord didn't ask for anything, he demanded it. Regardless, they each felt certain they could not have heard their Lord's orders correctly; they just couldn't have. " Both of us?" The younger wizard asked, his brow furrowing. Voldemort gave a bored nod. Thorfinn winced, as though trying to wrap his brain around this mission was giving him a headache. Not that Antonin could very much say he blamed the other man. "I don't believe this is a two-person task, My Lord," Antonin said, shaking his head. "I could see to this, myself." With a painful-seeming turn of his head, Thorfinn pinned Antonin with a glare. "Tell me you're joking! We're being ordered to wed that vile little bitch, and all you can think is about is that you won't have her all to yourself?" "This is not about me, or you, or even her. This is about overkill and the Dark Lord's forces being shorted by not one, but two of his followers while this is carried out." Nodding, Thorfinn frowned thoughtfully as he crossed his legs at the ankles and leaned back in his seat, his arms folded across his chest. "Really? Because I thought the problem was that you can't keep your wand tucked away when it comes to her." " Enough ." Voldemort was irked by their petulant behavior. Of course, Thorfinn was young and headstrong, and overly confident. Antonin harbored some bizarre fascination for the girl. The rationale of each side only proved they could not understand why they were both required for this. "I care not for your feelings on the matter, nor your petty squabbling," the serpentine wizard said in a low, scathing voice. At his tone, both men snapped their attention to their Lord. They immediately bowed their heads and uttered apologies. "You are not the only ones receiving such an order. Each of my inner circle is participating in this experiment. I can, and will trust no one else with such a task. The formal, binding rite of marriage is required, as Ministry research has shown that children born to witches or wizards out of wedlock turn out as squibs ." * They both looked thunderstruck by that tidbit of information. To think, the previous Ministry's regimes had never thought to actually investigate the matter, simply writing off squib births as some form of birth defect. But Voldemort was nothing if not thorough. He'd needed the assurance that his experiment would produce no useless outcomes. Heaving a weighted sigh, Voldemort tapped a long, bony finger against his jaw. "This Mudblood is special . She is the last remnant of Harry Potter's precious D.A. And, during her incarceration, she has gained herself something of a reputation for being . . . feisty ." Thorfinn's brows shot up at the word choice, but he kept his mouth shut. "She is an exception. That is why I require two," Voldemort said, his voice hissing out through tightly clenched teeth. " I want her ground down." Antonin lifted the scroll, perusing it once more to see the terms of this marriage . Farce or not, sharing her or not, she would be his in some measure, and he couldn't quite seem to think around that notion. Holding in an annoyed groan that would only show his age, he was sure, Thorfinn dropped his gaze to the floor. There was no getting out of this, and he doubted this was going to be nearly as fun as he once imagined having Hermione Granger at his mercy might be. Hermione grinned viciously from behind the bars of her cell door as the Auror assigned to her limped away to check what damage her squarely leveled kick might've done to his bits. Gripping her hands around the cold iron, she shouted after him, "Maybe next time you'll listen when I say don't touch me!" The only answer she received was the door to the solitary confinement wing slamming shut. Sighing, she turned away, taking a deep breath of the musty air in her familiar little cage. Kicking up one of the loose stones from the floor, she grabbed it and went back to the veritable novel she'd been etching into the wall. Really, it was the only way to keep sane. She could hear the others, sometimes, talking to themselves, pacing, singing softly. Not Hermione Granger. She spent her days writing her account of the Second Wizarding War, and everything that had led up to it. From the day she'd met Harry Potter to the present, she was determined to get down every detail. It helped her keep track of the passage of time, and gave her busy work for her mind and hands. She sat on her knees on the cold, unforgiving stone floor and continued her tale. It also helped to realize that Voldemort, for whatever warped purpose he might have in mind, was keeping her and the other surviving Muggle-borns unharmed. Containing them all on floor off-limits to the Dementors, and Aurors who threatened, but never laid a hand on them, other than to push them about from time to time—a theory Hermione had personally tested every chance she got—were a glaringly clear indication of that. Honestly, she might even consider her incarceration pleasant, if not for the occasional sounds of her prison-mates slowly going mad from the monotony, and the mindless blending of one day into the next. She was pretty sure something like eight months had passed since they'd been dragged from Hogwarts and thrown in here, but she could be off by a few weeks. She was certain some days she'd forgotten to mark. The door to the solitary wing opened, but Hermione ignored the sound. She was far too busy writing about the day she'd learned of the Order of the Phoenix. She supposed she always did question if her knowledge of the Order's existence had inspired her to create Dumbledore's Army . . . it was certainly plausible. "On your feet, Granger." "I've already had my very refreshing, ice-cold hosing down today, thanks very much," she said, not bothering to even glance over her shoulder. Her cell door opened, and Hermione turned, her expression severe. The loss of all her friends, the darkened fate of the Wizarding World, the terror of whatever Voldemort had planned for her and those like her . . . . She'd wept and screamed and raged for all of that months ago. By the end of her seventh week of captivity, there was nothing left accept her anger. Her life as she'd known it was over, she might as well be dead. That there was a clear effort to keep her alive, however, only emboldened her. Every encounter with the Aurors had become a dare for them to kill her. And not one of them had taken the bait. "Go away ," she said, her chestnut eyes narrowing lethally. There was a certain satisfaction simmering through her at how the wizard backpedaled a step at her tone. He shook his head, trying for a brave front, which would be easier, was he permitted to hex the little bitch. But knowing what awful fate awaited if any of them damaged one of the Dark Lord's special prisoners was not worth the moments of glee he would feel hitting her with a Cruciatus curse. "Can't. You've got a visitor. Now move ." Huh . Surprise. That was something she hadn't felt in a long while. Brows shooting up, she dropped her makeshift writing implement and climbed to her feet. Careful to avoid anything that