Disclaimer: J.K. Rowling owns any and all things related to the world of Harry Potter. The only thing i can claim would be any OC's or original plot ideas. Roses are red Violets are blue I own nothing The same as you AN: Any and all notes about the story being edited will have the details about the changes posted at the end of each chapter for those who want the updates without having to read through the chapter again. Drip...Drip...Drip. It was the only real source of time anybody had in Azkaban. Drip...Drip...Drip. Judging from his last count he figured that it was almost time for the Dementors to be stopping by for their twice daily torture/meal. Of course he could have been wrong as counting falling drops of water didn't quite make for a good clock. It was during the visits from the Dementors that the memory of how he had ended up here came back to taunt him, much like his cousin Dudley would do growing up as a kid. Of course he couldn't remember exactly how long he had been in this hell hole, but if he had to guess he would have said somewhere in the neighborhood of three years so far. 'Three years too long if you ask me.' The man thought as he stood up to gaze once more, at least until the Dementors returned, out of the ever present window that was one of the few permanent staples of each jail cell in Azkaban. The North Sea the only chance at any color in the lives of the prisoners. Of course even the sea seemed to be in a near permanent depressed state. Dementors…Most people believe that Dementors feed on your happy thoughts, however, the truth was the exact opposite. They fed off of your worst fears and memories, while suppressing your happy memories. This is why a Patronus Charm, created from happy thoughts, repels them. The problem is that over time your happy memories stay repressed and all you are left with is misery…and despair. This effects most people in a few different ways. There are those who hold out hope that they may one day gain their freedom once more, and are terrorized by their thoughts repeatedly until they end up going insane or die. Then there are the Bellatrix Lestrange's, who embrace the dark, the pain, and the suffering of their past and become evil, still insane of course but evil regardless. Then there was Harry Potter. He was the rare mix of both categories. It wasn't so much of a hope to be set free, but a fierce determination to see that it happened. On the other hand, reliving the worst memories of your life over and over again still leaves a taint on your mind and soul for those who have lived a life of misery. You see Harry wasn't the typical criminal, in fact he truly shouldn't have even been here in the first place. His memories, while evil in nature, were of acts done by others. Now after years in Azkaban, all he was left with were memories full of death, murder, and betrayal, all of his happier memories having long sense fled to the depths of his sub-consciousness. It took the better part of a year before he started to give in to the taunting laughs that would dance around in his head as he revisited over and over the memories of those he had trusted, but who had ultimately betrayed him. As a matter of fact, he could feel the air growing colder as the Dementors approached and he knew he was about to relive them all again. All of a sudden memories of how he ended up in this hell hole started to flash before his eyes. Harry stood over the lifeless body of Voldemort, still holding his phoenix feather wand and the Elder Wand. There were bodies littering the ground, most stunned or bound but a few dead; and while people were cheering, there were a few who were giving him weird looks. The scene changed… Harry stood outside of Dumbledore's tomb, in his hand were the Elder Wand and Voldemort's old yew wand. He slipped both into the casket, one as a sign of respect and the other as a sign of his defeat of Voldemort, whom Harry believed Dumbledore held a great part in. He resealed the tomb, never telling anyone, not even Ron and Hermione, which would turn out to be a blessing in disguise, about what he did. To him it was a secret to be kept between him and Dumbledore. Once more the scene changed… Harry was once more seated in the old hard-backed chair in courtroom ten. The only difference from this time and the one before his fifth year was the fact the chains indeed did have his arms bound. A large majority of the 'Voldemort era' ministry were still in office, as it seems the wizarding world never grew tired enough to actually fix the problems that caused the last two wars. Although, it was clever of Tom to not mark most of the Ministry workers so they were all missing the Dark Mark even though most of them still supported his views. It was Minister Thickneese who spoke up. "Harry James Potter, you are here being charged with breaking into Gringotts, illegal use of apparition for the period of almost a year, The practice of dark magic, theft of property from an Ancient House, one count of murder (how they could try to pin killing Voldemort on him confused Harry greatly), and evading arrest for the better part of a year. How do you plead?" Harry was stunned. He had just spent the last 16 years of his life, sacrificing everything he had along the way, to save a world who were just going to throw him to the dogs the moment their arse's are no longer in danger. "Not guilty of course!" he replied heatedly. "Everything I have done in the last year has been because it was necessary to stop Voldemort, not because I found it fun or something I wanted to do!" " Be that as it may," replied Thickneese, "Prosecutor you may present your evidence." What had followed was the worst two hours of his life as he watched those he counted friends or close acquaintances all but throw him under the Knight Bus to keep their own arse out of prison. Apparently the whole, we were tricked into joining him by forcing us to sign a magical contract to join the group known as Dumbledore's Army against our knowledge. The two most damning and hurtful testimonies came from Ron and Hermione, his supposed best friends. Ron didn't surprise him as much as Hermione, he had done it a few times in the past, but Hermione had always stuck by him and it pained him to see her turn on him now. It was Ron who went first. "It all started in sixth year..." he went into detail about how Harry and Dumbledore were 'researching Horcruxes', how they had broken into Gringotts, at Harry's insistence of course, to steal a priceless cup from the Lestrange Vault. How Harry had been practicing Dark Magic in preparation for his upcoming fight with Voldemort. He even told them how, just like Voldemort, he could speak to snakes. By the time they finished with Hermione's testimony, Harry had felt almost as if they would just send him through the Veil. At least then he could once again be with those whom he loved, as it was clear he had nothing left for him in this life. She had told them about how Harry had been housing a piece of Voldemort's soul inside of him, although willfully or not she 'didn't know', and how he had even forced her and Ron to go on their year long run from the ministry saying all she wanted to do was register like everyone else, and never wanted to circumvent the law. The scene changed one more time… They had just found him guilty and sentenced him to 100 years in Azkaban, which would then be followed by being sent through the Veil. He watched in horror as the fat toad-like bitch Umbridge took hold of his trusted Holly wand, and snapped it over her knee with a grin on her face that would make the pope himself vomit. He was immediately whisked away by Auror's to be taken straight to his new home in Azkaban. Harry never saw the eleven year old girl, who was visiting her sister Fleur for the trial, who was crying and seething in anger at the injustice they had done to the man she had secretly loved since he had pulled her out of the Black Lake. He also never heard the magical vow she quietly made that one day she would help him get his revenge on everyone who had betrayed him. Harry recalled the day his so called 'best friends' visited him. They stopped by just long enough to let him know that they were going to 'take care' of his valuable possessions. Apparently Ginny decided to liberate his Marauder's Map while Ron had decided to take his father's invisibility cloak. Hermione figured that since he no longer needed any of the books they had collected over their journey of defeating Voldemort, that she would 'just hang onto them'. After all but laughing in his face they left, never to pay him a visit again. Thankfully the Dementors had had their fill for now and had left him to his own devices. Harry had only managed to fight the effects of the Dementors for the better part of a month, but once he had given in almost every positive or happy memory he had the Dementors suppressed into almost non-existence. So for the last few years Harry did the only thing he could do, he embraced the pain, he started to enjoy the horrible things he had seen, he started to want more, and most importantly he started to plan. Seeing as how he had no wand, he was limited on the things he could do to ready himself for the day he managed to make his escape. He had learned that even though being a Horcrux was the reason he could speak to snakes, that knowledge and ability couldn't be 'unlearned' just because the Horcrux was destroyed. The knowledge may have come to him from an outside source, but his body and magic and absorbed the abilities and knowledge that came with it long before he had ever managed to get rid of the soul fragment. His bucket list was short while he was still stuck in prison. Master Occlumency, practice Legilimency on the guards when possible, learn any wandless magic that he could, and work on his Animagus form. The last part was the most important as it was his ticket out of here depending on how large or how small his form was. So for the past two years, when the Dementors decided to leave him alone, he would meditate and work as hard as he could. After the first month he had figured out what his Animagus form was. Thanks to Voldemort, he had the choice between two animals. His normal form was a large deer of some sort, and the one he received thanks to his years inhabiting a piece of Voldemort was a large snake around ten feet in length. It was some sort of Boa Constrictor or maybe even an Anaconda, he really didn't know enough about snakes to tell the difference. While it was technically possible to have multiple options when becoming an Animagus, it still held true that you had to make a choice, because your body could only actually learn one form. Knowing that a large deer wouldn't be very helpful at escaping, he set in to learn