Unwanted Mongrel Bella cursed silently for her stupidity and stubbornness to come to the reservation, not listening to Edward. She wanted to spend time with Jacob and invite him to Alice's party. But obviously that was too much to ask. Predictably, Jacob was his usual self, scoffing and insulting just at the notion of Alice's gesture. He couldn't, not even for one evening, put the hatred and prejudice aside, not even for Bella. What a friend he was. But that was exactly the point, wasn't it. Jacob wasn't a friend, not really; his actions made that more than clear. He never wanted to be her friend. He wanted more, something Bella neither could, nor wanted to give him. Edward had been right all along, Bella realized that now. She had been in denial, not wanting to believe or see the truth right in front of her. It was easier to pretend that Edward was just plain jealous of her friendship with Jake. But Bella couldn't deny the truth any longer. She wished she had listened to Edward and not as usual defied his plea when it came to Jacob. If she had, she wouldn't be in this predicament. She would neither have to defend her actions, nor her reasons for being friends with the Cullens. She wouldn't have to endure Jacob's annoying, delusional whining, and begging. And neither would she have to try getting away from him, as stealthy as she could, as to not make him angrier than he already was and lose control. But he made that more than difficult. He was invading her personal space, making her increasingly nervous and uncomfortable. Jacob had crossed the line, and she had enough, she just wanted to get back to Edward and forget everything. It was time to make her escape, because Bella could see him trembling slightly, he was slowly losing control over his temper. Another thing Edward had been right. For the first time, Jacob scared her. One thing was sure, their friendship was over, there was no other way. "Stop it, Jacob, I don't want to hear it!" Bella warned him. She dodged his grip, hurriedly walking towards her truck, but Jacob wasn't deterred. He was hot on her heels. "Bella!" Jacob shouted, but she ignored him. "Bella, listen to me," he implored her, blocking her way. "Get out of my way, Jacob," Bella ordered. "No, you have to listen to me," he shook his head. "I don't have to do anything. Get out of my way," she shouted, trying to get around him, but he blocked every attempt she made. "You have options Bella," Jacob persisted, ignoring her demand completely. "It's none of your business, Jacob," she told him harshly. "Yes, it is," he stated with conviction. "No, Jacob, it really isn't. Who I'm with is my business and my business alone. No one gets to interfere or decide for me. Not you, not Charlie, no one," Bella spat in aggravation. She tried again to walk around him, but again he blocked her way. Fury sparked at his audacity. "Jacob, get out of my way, or I swear, you will regret it," she threatened coldly. "Bella, we would be so good," Jacob said as if she hadn't spoken. Heat radiated of his massive form. He was too close. Bella felt suffocated. Panic started to build up in her, but she wouldn't let him see that. "No, we wouldn't," she hissed. "Yes, Bella, we would. You just need to give us a chance," he pleaded. "There is no us , Jacob, get that into your thick head. Why can't you accept that I'm with Edward? We are only friends, nothing more, and we never will be more than that," she screamed in frustration. "We are more and you know that," Jacob replied completely serious. "No, we are not. Get a reality check," Bella hissed. "Yes, we are, you are just confused. You can still make the right choice," he declared, matter-of- fact. "You have to be kidding me," she said incredulously, staring at him in shock. She couldn't believe what she heard. The mutt was delirious. "No, I'm not. Bella, you know it's the truth. You have feelings for me, deep down you know that it's true," Jacob replied. What scared Bella the most was that he was absolutely serious. She suppressed a shudder. She couldn't stay here a second longer. She had to get out of here and fast. "I don't feel anything but loathing for you, Jacob," she spat with revulsion. "I don't believe you. You have feelings for me; you just don't want to admit it. I won't give up. I will fight for you until you come to your senses," he vowed determined. "How dare you, Jacob. The only one who has lost his sense is you. You obviously have lost your grip on reality, or you wouldn't spew this crap," Belled yelled. She continued before he could interrupt her with more of his stupid word shit. "I don't know how often I told you that I don't feel that way about you, and I never will. The only thing I ever felt for you was friendship, Jacob. The keyword being was," she said vigorously. But it was a mood point, he wasn't going to listen. "It's clear the bloodsuckers have brainwashed you. Who in their right mind would ever be with a fucking leech," Jacob growled with disgust. He started to tremble more and more. Bella stepped back a bit. "No one has brainwashed me. I made my choice of my own free will, and it isn't you, Jacob. I chose Edward; it will always be Edward and never you," Bella declared strongly. "You are rushing things, because you are afraid you could change your mind," Jacob denied her claim. "No, Jacob, I know exactly what I want, and for the last time it is definitely not you," she snapped. "Bella, you don't know what you want, or you wouldn't be with that leech," he scoffed, disgust marring his face. "But you do?" Bella spat sarcastically, her irritation spiking more and more with every delusional word Jacob spoke. "Of course I do. I can give you more than he ever could, and you know that. He can't even kiss you without hurting you," he persisted, trying to make her see reason. "Who do you think you are, to decide what I want or need, you disgusting mongrel. I'm my own person, and I don't need anyone to make decisions for me, especially not you, Jacob," she seethed with rage. The audacity of that dirty fleabag. "Bella…," he said, moving towards her, but Bella interrupted him before more word vomit came out of his snout. "Back off, Jacob," she ordered, her words laced with vitriol. But Jacob didn't listen. He was right in her face, and Bella fought the revulsion building up. How could she ever have thought of him as a friend? Certainly a case of temporary insanity, she was sure. That is the only logical explanation she could come up with. He tried to grab her, but Bella was faster anticipating his move and sidestepped him. "Piss off, Jacob!" Bella screamed, running towards her truck, Jacob hot on her heels. "Bella, wait," Jacob shouted. She ignored him, praying she would make it to her truck. No such luck. He grabbed her arm and pulled her to him, causing her to collide with his chest. "Let go of me," Bella demanded furiously, feeling hot rage clouding her vision. "I'm the man for you, Bella not that fucking, dead leech," he growled, putting her hand on his too hot chest where his heart lay. "Don't touch me. You're not a man, Jacob, you're just a pathetic puppy," she shot back in disgust, ripping her hand away from him. His touch made her sick, only Edward had the right to touch her like that. She felt Jacob's answering growl that came out of his throat deep in her bones, giving her the chills. This was not the Jacob she met when she arrived in Forks. This was an animal. And it scared her. This time she couldn't suppress the shudder. Suddenly Jacob grabbed her, pulling her to him and forcing his mouth on hers. She felt bile rise up in her throat as he forced his tongue into her mouth. His grip was tight and unyielding. She tried to wriggle out of his grab, but to no avail, he was too strong for her. He was a wall of muscle. When everything else failed, she bit his tongue hard, drawing blood, causing Jacob to let go of her in surprise and pain. He looked shocked. Before he could come out of it, Bella punched him in the face, recoiling with pain as the bones in her hand shattered at the impact with his hard as stone bones. She yelped in pain, holding her injured hand to her chest. She felt disgusted and violated. "Bella…," Jacob exclaimed, still in shock. He looked dump as ever, making the rage inside of her burn even hotter. This time she knew exactly where to hit to get the best results, without hurting herself. Everything happened in slow motion. She saw Jacobs eyes widen, his mouth opened slowly. She heard her name distorted coming out of his mouth, followed by a stretched out no. She could see the horror on his stupid face as he realized her intend. But it was too late, he couldn't stop her now. Finally after a felt eternity, her knee collided with his shriveled junk. Man my ass. She snorted internally. He definitely was no Edward. He may be build like a fucking Hulk, but for that he more than lacked in a certain area. Predictably, he fell like a moldy tree, falling to his knees and yapping like the pup he was, while holding on to his, hopefully forever damaged family jewels. Pathetic. Something like that should never procreate. Bella shuddered in revulsion. ' Should've gone for that first.' Bella winced at the pulsing pain in her hand. "How dare you fucking bastard. If you ever touch me again or even come near me again, I will rip off your sorry excuse of a wiener and feed it to you, piece for pathetic piece. I will nail your two raisins over the entrance of the diner as war trophies, so everyone can see how pathetic you truly are, you steroid addicted mongrel," she screamed, spitting in his face. She turned and ran to her truck. She needed to get out of here before Jacob recovered and came after her. "Bella…," Jacob squeaked. ' Yep,' Bella thought with satisfaction. ' The spot in the Forks women's choir was his. He would make the perfect addition. Not even an eunuch could challenge him now. Jacob Black Superstar, indeed.' "I love you," she heard Jacob squeak. "Fuck you, Jacob," Bella shot back. In the rear-view mirror, she saw him crawl towards her. Shivering in disgust, she revved her old truck and drove towards the main road and out of the reservation. She couldn't get out fast enough. Unfortunately her trusty beast wasn't very fast. Any other day, she wouldn't have minded, but now time was of the essence. Being a wolf, it wouldn't take long for Jacob to recover, and as soon as he did, he would come after her. A cold shiver ran down her back. This would be the last time she would come here. Any feelings of friendship for Jacob had vanished. She didn't feel anything but hatred. It was difficult to maneuver the car with one hand while the other throbbed in pain. She needed to get far away from the reservation for Alice to have a vision, but she didn't know if it would work. When she passed the border of the reservation, she took a huge breath. She felt safer already, but she still wasn't in the clear. She looked