Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters; they belong solely to the original author. I only own the plot and other original creations. Aftermath of A Broken Friendship Loud music was booming through the house, and Bella could see her fellow students enjoying themselves. The party was a full success. Alice had outdone herself again. Hopefully this party wouldn't end like the last one. Bella was about to go looking for Edward when she saw Jacob, followed by Embry and Quil, enter the room. "You've got to be kidding me," she hissed as Jacob walked towards her. "What are you doing here?" Bella asked her voice laced with ice. Jacob wasn't faced in the least. "You invited me," he said coolly, shrugging his shoulders. "Punching you was my way of taking the invitation back, Jacob. You're not welcome here, leave," she said in distaste at his persistence. "Come on, Bella. You know I'm sorry. I didn't want you to get hurt. I could blame the animal in me, but you know me," Jacob tried to appease her. "That's the problem, Jacob, I do know you. You may be sorry I got hurt, but you are not sorry for kissing me against my will. And you won't stop interfering with my relationship with Edward. I won't tolerate that," Bella said determinedly, a look of distaste covering her face. "You don't mean that. Bella do you really want to destroy our friendship because of a misunderstanding?" he replied, completely ignoring the fact that the very sight of him disgusted her. "Here, I have something for you. I have made it myself," Jacob held up a pendant with a small wolf carved of wood. He waited for her to take it, but Bella shook her head. "I can't accept this, Jacob, not after what you've done," she said, her voice like steel. "Why not," Jacob asked harshly, stung at her rejection of his self-made gift. He made it with every ounce of delusional love he felt for her. "You know why. You should leave," Bella replied and turned to leave. She was done. There was nothing more to say. It wouldn't matter anyway. Jacob wouldn't understand. He made that more than clear. "Wait, Bella," he called, grabbing her arm before she could slip away. "Let go!" she demanded coldly. "No, not before we talk about this. You can't just leave like that," he said, still holding her arm in a firm grip. It was getting uncomfortable. "Watch me," she stated and tried to pull her arm free without much luck. "Release me. Now!" Bella hissed aggravated. But Jacob didn't react. He just stared at her silently. "There is nothing to talk about. I have said everything there is to say," she spat. "There's lots to talk about, Bella," he countered. "No there isn't. We had this conversation already, and the last time you forced yourself onto me. Do you plan to do that again? But this time you won't walk out in one piece, that I can assure you," she promised. Jacob opened his mouth, but Bella wasn't done yet. "Obviously you have forgotten where you are. Let me remind you. You are on Cullen territory, and you're violating the treaty. It would be in your best interest to unhand me this instant," she reminded him coldly. And this time she seemed to get through his thick skull. His grip loosened slightly. She felt his whole body tremble in anger and heard him growl. He was going to lose it. "Jake," Embry warned him carefully. Jacob let go of her arm, and she turned to finally escape when she saw Alice come down the stairs and freeze. "Bella…," Jacob tried to get out some more verbal diarrhea, but she cut him off. "Alice," she called softly, walking towards her. Alice didn't answer her, still caught in her vision. Her eyes were glazed over and had lost focus. It looked eerie. "What did you see, Alice?" Bella asked when Alice came out of her vision. "The decision's been made," Alice whispered. "What's going on?" Jacob asked, but he was ignored by both Bella and Alice. "You're not going to Seattle," Bella stated softly. "No," she affirmed. Bella saw the fear in Alice's eyes. "They're coming here." Silence. For a moment there was complete silence before Jacob broke it. "Who is coming? What the hell is going on?" Jacob demanded, not caring that people started to look in their direction. The trembling was stronger now with the tension rising. "This is not the place to talk about this," Alice stated quietly, the warning clear in her voice. Jacob growled lowly in answer. Instantly Jasper was at Alice's side. "Be careful, dog," Jasper warned. "Where can we talk?" Embry asked calmly, trying to diffuse the tension. "In Carlisle's office. Follow me," Jasper answered and walked upstairs without a backwards glance, knowing everyone would follow. The rest of the family was already there, having heard the argument downstairs. Instantly, Edward was at Bella's side, guiding her to the couch and making sure she was far away from Jacob. "I want to know what's going on. You bloodsuckers obviously hide something. The tribe has a right to know what happens," Jacob growled the moment the door was closed. "You have no right to anything, mutt," Emmet replied coldly. His face stony and dangerous. "Emmet," Carlisle warned. Emmet backed off, but kept his defensive stance, making sure he would intervene when necessary. "We have kept an eye on the happenings in Seattle for a while," Carlisle explained. "You mean the disappearances?" Embry asked. "Yes," Carlisle confirmed. "Why? Why is that of interest to you?" Quil asked suspiciously, interrupting Carlisle before he could continue. Edward sighed, shaking his head at the silent accusations blaring from the pack member's head. "We suspect the involvement of one of our kind," Carlisle elaborated further. "And I take it they are not the pet leeches you are," Jacob snarled. Rosalie hissed viciously at the insult, ready to rip the mutt's throat out. Emmet embraced her in his strong arms to calm her down. "No, they are not vegetarian," Carlisle confirmed, ignoring Jacob's insult. "Alice, when will they be here?" he asked. "In four days," she answered solemnly. "This could turn into a bloodbath," Carlisle sighed. "Alice could you see who is behind this?" Edward asked taking part in the discussion for the first time since the meeting started. "No, I couldn't see anyone we know…," Alice hesitated. "Well maybe one," she continued. She recalled the vision, focusing on the image she wanted Edward to see. "I know him. He is a local. Riley Biers. He didn't start this," Edward said. "Whoever did keeps in the background," Alice replied. "The person who is behind all this knows about your visions and apparently tries to get round them, that much is obvious," Carlisle stated, confirming everyone's suspicions. "It doesn't matter, the army is coming, and we are not enough to protect the town," Jasper said matter-of-factly. "Army? What the fuck," Jacob growled. "Newborns," Carlisle answered. "What are they after?" Embry asked. "Bella. They are after Bella. In my vision I could see them passing around her scent. The missing red blouse," Alice explained. "They're after Bella? What the hell is going on?" Jacob accused, glaring at Edward. "We don't know, Jacob, but one thing is clear. This will be a bad fight, and there will be losses," Carlisle answered. Jacob looked at his pack mates. They nodded. "We're in," Jacob said smirking evilly. He shuddered with pleasure at the prospect of getting to sink his fangs into some filthy bloodsuckers. Bella shivered inwardly at his obvious satisfaction. She could see Emmet narrow his eyes at Jacob. He obviously wasn't pleased with their involvement. Though she didn't think they had the same concerns. Despite what Jacob did, she was still worried about the pack. Just because their friendship was over didn't mean she didn't care about the others. But she kept silent. She would never again give Edward the impression she would take the pack's side over his. Never again. Her loyalties lay with him and him alone. "That's not a good idea," Emmet interjected. He didn't trust the wolves. Especially Jacob. He was volatile and dangerous. After everything that happened, he didn't like the idea of the pack fighting side by side with his family. The chances that they could attack one of them were high. Especially when they didn't expect an attack from their allies. "We are not asking for permission," Jacob sneered. "Edward," Emmet urged his brother to give his opinion, knowing he wouldn't want them involved. Edward was silent for a moment, contemplating everything. "It would mean more protection for Bella," Edward reluctantly conceded. Emmet looked defeated, but before he could say more Carlisle spoke. "Jacob, do you think Sam would agree to extend the treaty temporary?" "As long as we get to kill some leeches," Jacob stated with a sneer. "Jasper, what do you think?" Carlisle asked, ignoring the uncomfortable tension that surrounded them. "They would be useful. The newborns don't know about their existence. We would have an advantage," Jasper approved. He didn't like the wolves' involvement any more than Emmet, but he wasn't about to turn down an advantage that could make a difference in the end. "Then it's decided. We need to meet to discuss the details. And we will need to train. All of us. To fight the newborns we will need Jasper's experience," Carlisle concluded. "Alright, just tell us when and where," Jacob said arrogantly. He turned to leave but stopped and turned around towards Bella. "You should be happy, Bella. That's what you wanted, right. You wanted us to get along. Now we work together, just as you wanted," Jacob smirked, turned around and left, followed by Embry and Quil, leaving a shell-shocked Bella behind. Edward cringed at the thoughts that accompanied Jacob's last words. He hated the mongrel. -E&B- The training session with the wolves was arranged for the next day. Edward and Bella arrived at the designated meeting point. The wolves haven't arrived yet. The rest of the family was already here and had started the training. Bella watched as Emmet flew gracefully through the air and landed easily on his feet. "Again," he said to Jasper. Everyone stopped when Edward and Bella walked towards them. Emmet glared at Edward, he was still mad at him for not backing him up. "Give it up, Emmet. I don't like it any more than you do, but you know we have no choice," Edward replied in answer to the colorful insults Emmet through at him mentally. " We could take them, Edward. You know that. We don't need the mutts," Emmet thought. "Maybe, maybe not," Edward answered. " What if they turn against us during battle, what will we do then?" Emmet challenged. "They won't," Edward said his voice hard with finality. "I hope you are right," Emmet said in distaste. Emmet wasn't the only one uncomfortable with the prospect of fighting together with the wolves. Jasper was just as wary of them. The soldier in him was completely against working together with the wolves. They were their mortal enemies. With Alice's visions not working around them and Edward too far away to read their minds and to warn them if necessary, it made him uneasy. But they had no choice, just like Edward said. They would increase their numbers and their chances of destroying the enemy. They just had to be careful. "What was that about?" Bella asked confused. "Nothing," Edward reassured her just as the wolves broke through the woods into the clearing. "They're here," he said and everyone turned in the direction of where the wolves emerged. "They don't trust us enough to be in their human forms," Edward told his family as the wolves stopped at the edge of the clearing, clearly uneasy around the Cullens. Emmet snorted. Carlisle shot