Chapter One A/N: Hey guys! This is something new that I want to try and I seriously hope that you like it. I'm a die hard fan of Harry Potter and I'm writing this for other fans like myself! Please, PLEASE, PLEASE, give my some reviews! I need you guys feedback for more chapters. Disclaimer: I OWN NOTHING OF THE HARRY POTTER WORLD! ALL OF THE CHARECTERS BELONG TO JK. ROWLING! ENJOY... You should know: Draco Malfoy took Dumbledore help, but still has the dark mark No one is dead in this fic "Damn it!" Hermione Granger shrieked, causing curious glances to observe her. She had just watched her clumsy boyfriend, Ron Weasly, knock over her ink jar onto her perfectly written, four hour page of work. She glared at him, her fist clenched tightly. Ron found her rather adorable like this, and made the huge mistake at smiling lovingly at her. Her eyes seemed to grow excessively large as she stared at him. "Ron I spent four hours on that assignment!" she hissed, making more people in the Gryffindor common room glance over in annoyance. She watched as Ron's blue eyes grew from affectionate, to peevish. "C'mon 'Mione," he said warily, "Just do a little Scouring Charm, to clean that up. No big deal." Hermione leaned over the table and massaged her temples. Ron had been sitting with her for hours rambling on and on about Quidditch practice's, which she could honestly care less about, he had been stuffing his face with chocolates and cakes he got from Merlin knows where, and know, he had done this. She cleared her throat and said in her sweetest voice, "Ron, I really need some space to do my work in peace and quiet. Could you please find someone, other than me of coarse, who is the least bit interested in what you have to say?" Ron blinked at her then smiled agreeably before kissing her forehead. "Bye 'Mione." She simply smiled at him before doing a cleaning spell and re-reading her work. When she was finally finished she had carried her mountains of books back to their original bookcase. She sighed, and leaned against the wall of the common room, eying around. Ron had left and everyone was either studying, or talking. She had some free time before her potions class and had nothing to do at the moment. She smiled and circulated to the exit. ' Why not study outside? It's a beautiful day.' she thought, smiling. DMHGMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDM Draco Malfoy sat in the Slytherin common room with Pansy staring adoringly at his face as he read. His nerves were beginning to become aggravated as he looked up at her. "For the eighth time Pansy, would you get out of my face?" Pansy simply moved an inch or so back and sighed theatrically. "Draco I want to go somewhere! Being stuck in here is giving me a headache. Draco groaned inwardly and smirked to himself. If only she knew how much I want to hex her. "You see Pansy, that's the thing about freedom, you absolutely don't have to stay here." Pansy sighed yet again and (if possible) scooted closer to him. This was nothing new to Draco Malfoy. He had been dealing with Pansy since he was in his first years at Hogwarts. Now being in their seventh year, she was basically just a horrible pest. "Draco, Draco, DRACO!" she whined, trying to get his attention. Draco felt his fingers begin to ascend to his wand, but he retained himself. "Pansy," he said slowly, "If I take you outside you must promise me you won't talk to me for the rest of the day." She looked at him and hesitated, but smiled sweetly. "Okay Draco." He exhaled before standing for the exit. ' If she even tries talk to me for the rest of the day, I'm going to have to get Crabbe and Goyle after her.' he thought before smirking. That would be the day. HGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHHDMHGDMHGDMH When Draco stepped outside, he saw the Gryffindor Quidditch team practicing. They weren't half bad, but he knew that Slytherin could terminate them easily. He looked over at Pansy who was following him around like a little lost puppy. The yard was filled with people, and the weather was gorgeous. A figure sitting by itself caught his attention. He squinted through the light to see it better. It appeared to be a girl by her hair and figure. Her hair was a pretty brown that was a unique pattern of different shades. She was leaning against one of the brick wall's of Hogwart's. As if by queue, she looked up and the wind made the decision to blow her loose curls friskily around her face. He was absolutely positive that he hadn't seen her around Hogwarts before. "Draco?" Pansy started, puzzled, "Why are you staring at that mudblood?" At this moment Pansy could have sworn she saw Draco turn white as ice and stop as if he had seen The Dark Lord. He saw the girl turn and look at them and froze. It was that filthy mudblood Granger! He immediately felt sick with himself, was he actually interested in the looks of... her ? "Can I help you Malfoy?" she asked from across the court, her voice irritable. It was only then that he realized they were closer than he originally thought. Had he been walking towards her? "How dare you speak to me, you filthy, despicable, horrid mudblood?" he snapped at her, making her honey brown eyes meet his silvery gray ones. "If I'm correct Malfoy you were staring at me , so I believe I have a right to ask you if you need something," she replied easily. Draco smirked at her, "I need you and your whole bloody population of mudbloods to simply disappear." At this Pansy gave a shriek of laughter and looked at him in awe. "You get her, Draco!" she mused. Both people simply ignored her and stared bullets into each other. "Well fortunately Malfoy, I don't give a flying troll's arse what you want," she said venomously. Draco only smirked again and said, "Then why'd you ask?" Hermione shot up and gripped her potions book in her little hands tightly. "Why did you have to ruin my perfectly happy day with your presence?" she hissed, her look cursing him. Draco simply glared back with even more venom, and leaned against the wall. "The world should ask you that very same question every day, mudblood." Hermione felt herself flush with anger as she stormed away from him. "Damn you, you little nauseating ferret!" she shot back, hating him with every word. He shot up and yelled evilly, "Watch your mouth, mudblood!" She simply turned and gave him the finger before walking off. He felt his eyes wander to her little frame and surprisingly nice legs as she walked on. He then turned his head sharply, as if he had been slapped. 'What the hell is wrong with you today?' He thought, sliding one of his hands through his hair. Pansy was grabbing his hand and swinging it wildly. "You okay, love?" she asked worriedly. Draco simply shook his hand out of hers and smiled. "Perfectly fine." DMHGMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDMHGDM Hermione slammed her book down in the Gryffindor common room before beginning to storm off toward the girls dormitory. Her heart rate was starting to descend as she took careful breaths in and out. She never understood why Malfoy hated her so much. A quick flashback hit her as she began to feel her hands shake again. It was when she was in second year, and Malfoy would insult her in anyway he could think of. The comfort of Ron and Harry were the only things she found, well...comforting. Then there was Ron, who asked her out 6th year. She really did love Ron and appreciated him with everything she had, but there was just something missing. Her thoughts of him calmed her, but only so much. She had almost made it to the stairs when a firm arm grabbed her shoulders turned her around. It was Ron, with Harry right behind him. They both looked astonishingly happy before they saw her, which made her consider how she looked just then. Her face was most likely patchy and red, her eyes had an angry glow in them and her fist were balled up tightly. She unclenched them and tried her best to relax her face, but it was too late. "What's up, Hermione?" Harry was asking, worry etched in his features. "'Mione what happened?" Ron added. Their questions were being asked almost instantaneously. "I'm fine guys," she said, grabbing for Ron's hand and smiling a Harry. "I've just studying harder for my exams in potions is all." Harry responded quickly. "I don't believe you. Studying has never made you upset." Ron simply squeezed her hand tighter and asked again, "What happened?" Hermione sighed and eyed a particular messy spot on the floor, finding it easier to stare at then the boys in front of her demanding gazes. She didn't want to tell them, but thought it would be best to end this quickly. "Draco just-" she began. Ron and Harry had already begun storming out of the commons, heading straight for the door. Hermione ran around them and blocked the front of the exit. Resting her back against the painting's door. "Move Hermione." Harry said, his and Ron's face reddening. "What did he do?" Ron asked now, his blue eyes blazing with fury. Hermione swallowed hard as she thought of something to say to soothe them. "He said the usual. 'You're a mudblood. How dare you talk to me.' It was really just the regular ignorant Malfoy conversation." She said firmly, keeping her eyes on both Ron's and Harry's. "And even if I let you out of this door in you're condition's right now, which in this case I won't, what makes you think that getting into a row with Malfoy will help anything?" "He called you a mudblood?" Ron asked, he was visibly shaking now. "Ronald, just relax. Harry, honestly don't be so angry! Guys look at me!" She gave a quick twirl and smiled at them. "I'm okay! Perfectly fine and happy! I want to know what you were so excited about when you came in." At this, Harry and Ron's green and blue eyes began to soften. "He didn't touch you right?" Ron asked, stuffing his hands in his pockets. "Or do any spells on you? Or even attempt to do any?" Harry asked, his face still holding a bit of ambiguity. "No, he didn't touch me, or hex me, or try to. He just acted like his usual ferret self. He's probably in his dorm trying to learn basic wizard spells now." Ron smiled and Harry grinned at her. "Most likely." "Now, I guess we can say why we were so excited." Ron said, a huge smile appearing on his face. "Our Quidditch team was exceptional today! You should have seen us!" Harry gushed, sharing a smile with Ron who gleamed right back at him. Hermione noticed again how Quidditch had done well for them. They were both muscular and firm. Her thought drifted to Malfoy walking up to her, she noticed how he was muscular as well and as usual drastically handsome. It was a shame that his personality clouded his appearances. That mutt Pansy had no problem worshiping his every step though. The boys could go on and on about this useless sport for hours, and Hermione felt herself becoming bored quickly. She glanced over at the clock in the corner of the commons and smiled. She knew something that could get them moving, or Ron at least. "-then Ginny practically dove past the two Bludger's, and she was just a blur!" Harry said now. "It was unbelievable 'Mione! Our Chasers our just completely-" "Honestly you two," Hermione interrupted, "We have N.E.W.T.S. coming