Chapter 1 Harry ran. The sounds of battle echoed around him. Curses flew. Lights dazzled. Explosions shook his eardrum. And still he ran. He and his friends had engaged the battle full force after destroying the diadem. They wanted to help. They needed to protect their loved ones. Somehow Harry had become the 'treat' of Bellatrix Lestrange. She had bated and goaded him with taunts about Sirius. But Harry found that the taunts held no stock anymore. There were others dying, others who were much more important at the moment, who needed to be thought of. So he had turned around and walked away. Bellatrix did not appreciate being flipped off though, and now he ran. "Crucio!" she cried. The spell misfired again as they ran. Harry knew his luck would not last. His blood was not part Felix Felieces as many people joked. "Impediment!" he shouted running backwards for a second. She sent an ominous blue spell at him silently. He dodged it and continued running. Bellatrix stooped and shouted out the killing curse in a fit of rage. It raced towards him just as his tripped slightly. Bellatrix's eyes suddenly widened in horror. She was going to kill Harry potter. Oh shit Shit SHIT! Harry could see it coming towards him. he had the knowledge to smirk. He could imagine the look on Voldemort's face when he found out Bellatrix killed him. Just as he thought it would hit him someone tackled him to the ground. His glasses knocked of but he could still hear "YOU!" Bellatrix screamed "Yes Bella, me." The deep voice said darkly "I just saved your life, or at least what is left of your pitiful sanity. How many time did the dark lord tell us 'potter is mine, I must be the one to kill Harry potter.' really Bella, I thought you hanged of the dark lords every word at those meetings." "Well yes I do but…" "There they are!" a voice shouted down the hall. Harry watched the dark shape of Bellatrix disappear while the bolder black shape came towards him. The shape placed his glasses in his hands lingering only slightly for what Harry thought looked like a stretched gaze. By the time Harry put his glasses on the dark shape had left and his friends had arrived. "What did he do to you?!" Ron asked indignantly "who was that?" Harry asked in return "what did he do to you?!" Ron asked again angrily "saved my life and gave me my glasses. "saved your life?" Hermione asked again. "yeah, Bellatrix threw the killing curse at me. That man tackled me down at the last second. I couldn't quite remember his voice… sounded familiar though." Harry said thoughtfully. "Harry… that was Snape." Hermione said delicately "…what?" Harry said incredulously and quiet. "Yeah, we saw him leaning over you and well, we thought he might have been poisoning you or something." Ron said cracking his knuckles angrily "no… he just gave me my glasses." Harry said quietly "hm." Was all Hermione replied with. Harry looked over to the direction he left. Suddenly there was silence. "what the?" "Harry!" Neville called. "Neville. What's going on?" "I killed Bellatrix, the second I did the death eaters started freaking out and retreating. Right now it looks like he's screaming his head off at them across the bridge." Neville said chuckling slightly. Then he paused "course… I didn't do it alone." "oi! Longbottom! Where'd you go? My mother wants to talk to you?" Draco said strutting down the hall. "right, hey, thanks again Draco." Neville said running down the hall again "thanks for what?" Hermione asked "I helped him take down Bellatrix, mother helped too of course, she's nursing father's face right now… nasty cutting hex from Dolohov." Draco said. The trio looked at each other and back to Draco "why?" Harry finally asked "father finally agreed with us." Draco said "we tried to convince him that he was doomed to die if he stayed with the dark… attempted murder by Alecto and McNair changed his mind. He took those two down then Dolohov ripped up his face." Draco said. The he laughed slightly "he'll probably look a bit like Lupin when he wakes up." Draco paused "I saved three of your friends, Lupin and my cousin almost got killed by Amycius and one of your brothers was almost killed by Pius thickness… I think it was Fred, anyway, I helped them." Draco finished "wow… thank you Draco." Hermione said quietly "don't mention it… I was never a very good death eater anyway… I'm finding actually that I'm a much better light wizard." With this he walked off; wand still drawn in case of attack. Hermione and Ron went to the great hall. But Harry stood there. He was lost. He was confused. He needed answers. "here we go again." He said as he let his feet carry him to the headmaster's office. "Snape might kill me anyway." He thought grimly. As he stepped over the gargoyle and climbed the steps he became more and more resolved until he nearly ran to the pensive cabinet when he opened the door. "Harry." Dumbledore said smiling slightly inclining his head "professor Dumbledore." Harry relied "to dispel any confusion, many of the memories you are about to see belong to your father, James." Dumbledore said "how did Snape…" Harry began "professor Snape" Dumbledore corrected "whatever. How did he get those memories?" Harry asked. "my boy, that will become clear as you watch them." he said his eyes twinkling even through the canvas. "alright… what can I expect?" "happiness… then much pain. such is the norm when one loses the thing they hold dearest." Harry swallowed and dipped his head into the memories. At first he only saw snippets of memory. They were all jumbled up in a great big ball. The first thing he saw was a woman, she was beautiful but there was a hardness to her as she watch her son, who looked exactly like his father play with said father as he laughed and smiled. the next thing he saw was a woman with blond hair who watched wearily as her black haired, large nosed son walked home. He husband said something that was garbled by the multitude of memories and she swallowed. Then he saw a multitude of instances where the two boys interacted with each other. One was the instigator, the other was the victim. Suddenly the memories became more focused. He final opened to a memory of Severus Snape being held back by peter and some other Gryffendor while Sirius beat the shit out of him. Harry flinched. "enough Sirius!" James finally shouted as he watched "he's had enough!" "nothing's enough for that faggot!" Sirius spat. Everyone blanched. James glared at Sirius coldly. "if he's a faggot then what am I huh Sirius?" James asked before walking away. "wait James!" the memory flickered "I didn't mean it!" the memory formed into a new one. James was sitting by the bedside of a sick looking man. His mother sat across from him rigid and sniffing in distaste. "James… I'm proud of you." the man said smiling "well I am not. I will not condone your disgusting behaviour, you will marry and love a woman if it's the last thing I do. Your love of men is unnatural and sickening. I will not accept you. I will find you a suitable woman to love you, and you will love her understood!" the woman shrieked. The end of her tirade wet James's eyes. "Helvetica! You should go!" the man said angrily. "You poisoned his mind Harold, his abnormality is all your fault!" With this Helvetica stood and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind her. "I'm proud of you James. You were very brave, very brave… ignore your mother; she has a sore spot for men who love other men." Harold said. The memory flickered and switched. "OH Severus! I'm so proud of you!" Eileen cried holding her son to her shoulder. Severus smiled slightly. "And I'm sure there are lots of boys at Hogwarts." Eileen paused "never listen to your father when he is enraged Severus. You are not worthless, or useless and you won't die alone, do you know why?" Severus shook his head "because I believe in you." the memories melded together into a mess again until it finally came to a complete stop in a potions class. "10 minutes!" Slughorn said. Harry noticed that all of the Gryffendors were paired with slytherins. The pairs were each looking at each other with distain but worked together on their potion together none the less. "Are you going to help me potter or just sit there being useless, as usual." Severus asked his lazy partner, who just HAD to be James. "Well, it's what I usually do, plus I'll just fudge it up anyway if I try to help, best stay out of explosion zone I'd think." James said with a glum tone. Severus rolled his eyes and continued brewing the potions himself, which was turning out to be one of his worst since the instructions stated he had to add at least three ingredients at a time, exactly at the same time. "And… TIME!" Slughorn called. Everyone dropped their ingredients, which saved some and hurt others. He walked around the room inspecting each person's potion, giving out pointers and praise, his chest instinctually puffed out in pride when he reached Severus only to deflate when he saw the mediocre potion. He looked Severus up and down to find the reason and spotted James Potter sitting around doing nothing. "Mr. Potter… did you do anything this class?" "…Well sir… you see…" "I've seen enough. You two can either comeback down here on your own time to brew it or receive a zero." Severus turned and glared at James venomously. James just leaned his head back and groaned. Each member of his or her respective houses cringed and looked apologetically at them. The memory changed. "Enough with the small chat potter." Severus said walking away from the potions lab. "I thought our mark was really good." James continued obviously ignoring Severus's wish. "… Potter." Severus began twisting his wrists nervously "about yesterday…" "Yeah?" James asked turning to smile at Severus "What did you mean by 'we make a great pair?'" Severus asked "The way we took down that guy who was beating up that centaur made me think that we made a great pair." "Is that all?" Severus asked sounding the teensy, tiniest, bit disappointed. "Well… " James lifted up his hand to scratch the back of his head. "Ha ha… um." He said nervously. "It's a simple question P…James. Was that all you meant?" Severus asked. James snapped up with the use of his given name. Upon snapping he noticed the sigh on the door they were standing in front of. "Hey… lets check this out." Severus turned and growled. How dare J…Potter use mischief to get out of this conversation! "Come on Potter! We brewed the potion no lets go!" Severus hissed. "Come on yourself Snape. Where's your sense of adventure?" James asked. With this he began to pick at the lock. Harry was shocked to see muggle methods being used. The door read 'arror training extra room'. "Blocked behind reason." Severus replied looking up and down the hall. "You mean quivering in fear behind reason, come on Snape, try some Gryffendor courage, you might like it." James said smiling slightly. The door clicked open. "Yes!" "If we get caught potter I will make you demise my personal goal." Severus growled as the pair crept into the room. "Nah, if you killed me you'd miss me too much." Severus scoffed "hey cool! Wanna take down the boggart?" "No." Severus said rolling his eyes at James's antics "wha? Why not?" James asked turning his puppy dog eyes on "I will not give you the