Title: fish hooks in the corners of their mouths Category: Books » Harry Potter Author: deletrear Language: English, Rating: Rated: T Summary: "Monachopsis: The subtle but persistent feeling of being out of place." ... Not entirely accurate, but it'll do for describing the situation. People swallow that explanation easier than: 'I died once, but it's okay! I got better!' [SI OC, Black!OC, Marauders Era] Dedication: This one goes out to bluejanes for being an entirely different league of human being, and billy, who hates SI OCs and shouldn't even be able to read this in the first place but undoubtedly will anyway. Notes: I combined chapters one and two in this one, because I can . 01. fish hooks in the corners of their mouths solitary sea-bird . When I was twelve years old – The most important part about me is – To properly understand my situation, I think you would need to – I… Look. Truthfully, I don't have the faintest idea on how to begin this tale. Usually I have some clue on how to start out: a few poetic entries here, a sarcastic quip here, a convoluted run-on sentence there – but that was when it was someone else's life; when I was the omniscient god manoeuvring her marionettes to her own tune, the girl who threw her characters into their personal view of hell with a smile, who would crack open fictional people for her own entertainment just to catch a glimpse of what they were made of. I'm not much of that person anymore. Why don't you just start at the beginning, you ask? You've heard that's a good place to start stories, is that it? Aaah… I'm not sure I can do that. Turns out, it's harder to write a beginning when you're writing about yourself. Much, much harder. I think it's because I don't know where or when the story starts. Is the beginning my rebirth, my ejection from the red-hued paradise and into a grimy world much different from the one I already knew and yet. strikingly similar? Is it the day I came to terms with my unique situation and stopped acknowledging it as an elaborate dream that wouldn't end? Is it the day I received my letter? When does the story start, exactly? I think it depends on where you look at it. For some, my story begins when Callidora's does: brought into the world as the trees themselves began to die and rot, as the leaves turned brown and the gentle wildlife creatures begin to stock on food to survive the blistering cold almost upon them. Perhaps that is when the tale begins. In that cramped hospital room, surrounded by family I didn't know I had, blinking from awake from never ending death, shrieking my fears into the cold autumn air. Maybe it begins with someone else? A young girl born on the other side of the world, on the other side of time, who lived inside blocks of plastic and yellowed paperback books. The one before Callidora with her puppet shows and grand pianos and fresh food in the pantry. It would make sense to start a story here: this is a story with a clear ending, so I can't get too confused about where to go with it. Huh — How does it end, you say? Let's see… (Picture this: the rolling clouds split open as three teenagers are driving down a winding road at night. The car is alight with a warm, orange glow. They are so, so innocent. Now picture a sharp corner in an area seemingly empty of foot traffic. Imagine a hooded figure whose face is highlighted by their phone as they cross the road, earphones in. They do not look up until the car is too close to stop, until they're close enough that the three teenagers catch a glimpse of their face with their headlights, wide-eyed and terrified, before the car finally and futilely shrieks. Imagine this: a snapping sound, a bloodied windscreen, the sound of the hood giving in as a body rolls off of it, a heavy thump as the hooded pedestrian hits the road. Imagine: this body does not get up.) — I - I don't think you need to know how it ends. I think all that matters is that it does. Surely. Inevitably. Quickly. Or maybe the story begins with green ink on parchment? Or with barking owls and tabby cats and a crimson red steam train? Perhaps it begins with ancient magicks embedded in crumbling bricks, or with a raggedy hat or red-gold ties; perhaps the story begins on Samhain, in a secluded village, in an invisible house, with a family of three-two- one . You understand, don't you? The situation I am in? How pathetic it is for a writer to not know where a beginning is? For a writer to stare at a blank page and not have the urge to put their ink to it; for a writer to be afraid of endings; for a writer who doesn't have a story to tell? … You do? Ha. Then you will forgive me, I hope, for fumbling with this. I've only ever written about other people's tales, you see, that I've never had the time to go out and live my own. I suppose it's fitting, then, that my story does not happen under the condition of life, but instead, death. But your patience with me aside, I'm still unsure of where to start this. … … I suppose… Yeah, that – might actually work… Alright. I think I know a beginning for you after all. . . I died young. Sixteen. It was Christmas holidays that rainy night and I'd been walking to the shops to buy some tampons. Discounting the way it ended, the rest of it was an ordinary day for me. I woke up in the afternoon, ate my breakfast with a side of anti-depressants, and then laid in my bed all day reading instead of answering the messages on my phone. I didn't go out much. I had taken the Pottermore test, you know. Everyone did. I was a Hufflepuff, which I hadn't liked — never even heard of the house before, and, well, come on . Hufflepuff ? Lame. But I grew to love it. I learned that it didn't matter if you were ambitious or smart or courageous — not really, not so long as you were kind. The world survived on compassion. There was nothing to be ashamed of in being kind. I'm not that person anymore: I am quiet, and I am soft-spoken, and I am protective, but in my first life – in my first life, I had not lived enough with the harsh realities of the world to be truly angry at it. In this life, there is no way I could have possibly escaped it. (I am tired in this life: tired and sick and a mouse living among snakes. I want to stop being afraid, but I can't —) But the story doesn't start with my sorting. I'll start with something else. Like – oh, I don't know. Maybe… Ah. Maybe I do have an idea. . . One of my earliest memories was this: An arm pressed flush against my skinny neck. It sounded brutal, but the presence of that arm around my neck was not a malicious one. My sister simply did not know how to hold a child as small as me and didn't have the time nor patience to learn when there was adventure to be found. I was braced against her chest, forearm pressed against my throat and another around my stomach, bouncing as I was carried down the stairs and outside into the garden. My other two sisters raised their hands and shouted. The sister carrying me yelled back. I was plopped into the seat next to my eldest sister, a bit confused but nonetheless happy to be in their collective company. The gardens we occupied were beautifully tended. The grass was always freshly cut, permeating a calming earthy scent into the air that mingled with the roses and the smoke bush and summer sweet shrubs. There was a marble gazebo in the shade of a flowering almond tree, fitted with a dancing floor and stone benches and tables on the rim to catch as much sunlight as possible. Our backyard was an open place filled with blooming flowers, and I knew there to be some wild snakes hidden in the trees. The garden was my favourite part of my home, mostly because it didn't exactly… fit into what was expected of our family: all the colors, the white gazebo, the purple-shimmering snakes and the orange-scaled frill-necked lizards. Our mismatched bushes and random almond tree were not the decisions of a herbologist or a designer. They were selected by me and my sisters. We had planted pieces of ourselves here, dug our roots into the soil to remain long after we were gone. It was ours, in a way our darkened house couldn't ever be. You know what? Let me tell you about my sisters. The eldest was Bella, and she'd just turned eleven years old so she was leaving for Hogwarts soon. At this age, she was all skin and bones, with the sharp and defined features of our mother that you could distinguish even with the fat of youth clinging to her cheeks. Bella had curly thick hair that she kept up in a mockery of a ponytail, for all the good it did her. Her brown eyes were often glinting with something, whether it was an idea or mischief or pleasure, and she grinned from ear-to-ear every time I flung a piece of my food across the room. One year younger than Bella was Andy. Andy looked a lot like Bella, so much that people easily mistook them for twins, but I could always tell the difference between them: for one, Andy's eyes were a lighter shade of brown, closer to fire-whiskey than Bella's varnished mahogany, and her hair was tamer - less wild and thick. Andy also had a dimple in her left cheek that only appeared when she was truly quieter. Besides the obvious physical differences, Andy was also quieter. Softer. (... which isn't to say that Bella's rough, but…) I looked more like Cissy, although my hair was curly where hers was straight and my nose was flatter, and I couldn't forget the dimples! Cissy probably stood out the most of all of us (what with her blonde hair and all). Her eyes, however, were a stormy grey typical of our family, and we shared the pointy chin and prominent cheekbones. We looked more like Father. My sisters were beautiful. When they were younger, I sometimes imagined that I might love them without reserve. But my sisters were more than what I made of them. "Dora," Cissy wrinkled her nose at me as soon as I sat down. "I thought you were sleeping." At this age, she still steals my hair ribbons and cuts the hem of my cloak so it is asymmetrical, so we are not good friends. I can't blame her. It was hard to, when I was the one spitting my food in her hair and dragging her stockings through the mud. She had reasonably grounds to wrinkle her nose up at me. "I woke up." I told her, crawling into Bella's lap. I forced my sister to wrap her arms around my front, which she did easily enough, digging her chin unnecessarily hard into the crown of my head. "Hi, Andy." Andy smiled before reaching over the table and wiping her hand down my face. There was no obvious motive for this behaviour, except that maybe she felt like it, which would be par for the course. I sputtered and knocked her hand away. She just laughed. "Hey there, sleepy. You've been out