Yeah, um, new story. Yay. Indifferent Tomisin Starr (15) District 2 I had always been indifferent. Neither good, nor bad, but more bad than good. I'm not going to go off talking like this, pretending that I'm the only one that is that way, because I'm not. Don't you hate it when people talk about themselves, saying how bad of a life they have; when you know that there are people out there that have it worse than them? I do, and I know I'm not the only one. I know I'm not the only one to feel alone, worthless, and unwanted. Everyone feels like that from time to time, it's not just me. Sure, I'm sick of pretending everything's okay when it's not, but I can't change that. I'm just going to smile, because I don't want the people closest to me to share my unhappiness. And, no matter how many times I must remind myself, I know that it's alright not to be okay. I'm not writing this for me, I'm writing this for everyone out there who needs it. - Tomisin I immediately shut my journal at the sound of the doorknob to my room being opened. I have half a second to react and I do so by throwing the journal across my room where it hits the wall and falls onto my bedside table. My startled sister stands in the doorway and stares at me with an expression of pure... To tell you the truth, I don't really know what. She just shakes her head, her red curls bouncing as she does, and tells me to get dressed into my reaping clothes. Once she has left the room, I walk swiftly to the table my journal had fallen on and swoop it up. I check for damage – on the book as well as the wall it had hit – and after finding none, I shove the journal into the second drawer on the table. My sister isn't too worried about me being reaped; she says that the Capitol citizens wouldn't pick me. She says that they would pick a Career, since we live in District 2, a.k.a. a Career District. I, on the other hand, am not too sure. Part of me thinks that the Capitol will pick a Career, because they absolutely adore them, but part of me can't help from being scared. It's worse since there is no volunteering this year. At least I would've had a chance of some Career girl volunteering for me at a regular reaping. But this wasn't a regular reaping, or a regular Games. Even the time of the reaping was different, it was usually early in the morning, but for this Reaping, it was at sundown. I throw on a pair of black tights and a maroon skirt over that. Then, I put on a black sweater, and grab a brush so I can comb through my orange knots which consume my hair while I sleep. Before I forget, like last time, I put on a pair of black boots. Once I am done, I leave the small house which I share with my sister. Althea is 19 and plenty old enough to take care of me since our parents had passed when we were much younger. She also doesn't have to be worried about the reaping like I do. I find her outside, along with her friend, Obsidian, who was once a career and is now 24; he had never had the chance to go into the Games. He has the blackest eyes you would ever see, as dark as night yet as inviting as day. I see a scurry of movement behind him and come to realize that his brother, Jace, is here as well. It surprises me, and I don't know why. I suppose that I didn't expect to spend my day with Althea, Obsidian, and him. I wasn't too fond of people, yet when I was alone I felt a need of companionship. It's a strange world we live in, where people can feel such. "Took you long enough," Jace mumbles behind his brother, and Obsidian's smile wavers as he nudges his brother in the ribs with his elbow. I watch as Jace curses and glares at his older sibling. It amazes me that they are brothers. They look absolutely nothing alike. Obsidian, with his dark eyes and fair hair, and then Jace, with his brown hair and blue eyes. Even their face structures didn't resemble. From what I had seen of their family, Obsidian looked more like their mother and Jace more like their father. The only things –appearance-wise – that they shared were their curly hair and fair skin. From this, most people could tell they were brothers, but not for me. Jace Anderson (18) District 2 I hate Tomisin Starr. I hate her fiery hair, her stormy eyes, and her snowy skin. She was too... Too everything. Her skin too pale, her hair too orange, her nose too pointy. Her face kind of reminded me of a mouse, actually. She was too quite, too stubborn, and she knew it. She knew it all, and she hated herself more than anyone could hate her, even me. It almost, almost , made me not want to hate her. I don't understand why she doesn't hate me. She didn't hate anyone, and that's why I hated her. I know it doesn't make sense, but let me explain it to you. We used to be friends, best friends, and then, well, life got in the way. She started to compare herself to everyone, and started to get that look in her eyes. They were always cloudy and it made her seem like she was never thinking straight. I told her to tell me what was wrong, and she wouldn't tell me. I couldn't take it anymore, these lies she would make up, pretending she was alright. I stopped talking to her, and she stopped talking to everyone. And the more we grew up, the further we grew apart. Sometimes I go as far as to believe that she has forgotten we were ever friends. Actually, I really do believe she has. Now, when I look at her, her eyes show no emotion towards me; not hate or anger or sadness, nothing. It's like that with everyone now; she gives them all this same empty look. But I know that those eyes aren't hollow, not completely. There was something in them that had always been in them. Longing. And it would be a lie if I said that I didn't miss her every day. Tomisin Starr (15) District 2 I don't understand why we are leaving so early, the reaping isn't for hours. Well, two actually, but it's not like it takes that long to walk there. I take in my surroundings as we walk, not that I'm unfamiliar with where we are. We're nearing the center of the District, the trees have dropped red, orange, and yellow leaves all over the road and they crunch under our boots as we walk. There's a cold breeze that chills my arms, for the sweater I am wearing is very thin. I can already tell that the oncoming winter will be especially cold this year. I am walking a few paces behind Obsidian, Althea, and Jace. The conversation had turned to one about the Capitol, and I wasn't too interested. I hear them laughing now, and wonder if they even notice that I am gone. Probably not , I decide, thinking to myself as I pick up a green leaf that had fallen off a tree. I find it peculiar, a green leaf during the fall. As I am pondering about my leaf, I nearly fall to my knees for the road beneath my feet has turned to ice. The leaf falls out of my hands and I look at the ground. It's not a lot of ice, just a very thin layer of it. Not far in front of me, I see my three "companions" struggling with the ground as well. My sister struggles with her scarf, and while doing so, she slips and falls to the ground. I must laugh, and I do. It's the first real laugh I had given in a while, and it's a funny sound, but I like it. My sister turns, and seeing me there, about 5 paces behind them, tells me that I couldn't make it to them. I bend my knees and slide my feet past each other, sliding/walking to we're my sister is still on the ground. I nearly slip about 7 times, but I manage to reach her at the same time Obsidian does, Jace right next to him. "Help me up will you, Tommy?" Althea asks, reaching a hand out towards me. I stare at her. "Don't call me that." I say blankly, without a hint of emotion, and reach to grab her hand. Althea's much heavier than I first assumed and I am nearly pulled on top of her. Obsidian grabs my arm before I do, and he then pulls my sister up without any effort. She tells him thanks and then tells me to get some muscle, which I respond with more staring. She rolls her eyes and then leads us into a shop nearby. The aura is overwhelming. It smells of coffee, milk, and various types of tea. It's sweet and bland and... I don't have any money. I look to Althea, who is observing the menu. I could never ask her to pay for me, she never has before, I always pay for my own things. "I'll buy something for you, Tomisin. Don't freak out." Althea snickers, louder then I would've liked. Jace turns and smirks at me, I ignore him, and keep looking at Althea. I hated when she did this. Make me look weird in public by saying things that were exaggerated and untrue. I knew it was a sibling thing, but I've never made her look bad in public. Other than laughing at her when she fell on the ice, that is. "I obviously wasn't." I say casually, and she seems startled since I never usually respond to things like that. In fact, I rarely talk in public unless someone asks me a question or I feel like something must be said. In this case, it was the second one. I tell the young woman behind the counter what I would like. Once Althea has paid, I go and sit in a corner chair, away from windows and other people, and inhale the smell of unsweetened peppermint tea. Althea comes and sits beside me with her black coffee, and soon Obsidian and Jace come and join us. They had all gotten coffee; I had been the only one to get tea. It doesn't bother me, I don't know why it would, and I just can't imagine myself picking coffee over tea I suppose. These tights are so uncomfortable, they're so itchy. No matter how many times I scratch my leg, it doesn't help. This skirt, too, is annoying. I've always hated skirts. I would never be seen out in public with one on any other day. It's also hard to walk in, and sit in, to sum it up; it's harder to do most things in. I finish my cup of tea, and enjoy the warmth it has given me. I stand and walk over to the woman behind the counter and give her my cup. She thanks me and I nod, giving a friendly – fake – smile in return. I turn back to the table and find that a young man has taken my spot. I don't understand why, and he seems to be talking to my sister. He seems to be bothering her as well; she is glaring at him and not speaking. Obsidian is doing the same, and Jace is just sitting there