Sooo, I'm back. I know a lot of you know how this story ends, but just roll with me here. Things have been absolutely freaking crazy, but I'm back. I apologize for disappearing and taking all my stories down, but I had this vague idea that I could turn them into something publishable and didn't want people stealing them off the Internet. So, here we go, round two. Enjoy. *V*V*V*V* Vampirism was some fucked up shit. Seriously. Yeah, we had the whole sparkly, sexual magnetism for unwitting humans, but that mattered a total of zero, zippo, zilch. Especially annoying? The utter uselessness of sex appeal when you're a vegetarian vampire. That was a whole other bag of suck (Get it? Suck?). Basically, humans were still goo-goo gah-gah over us, but it's not like we could have a tasty snack when they tried to get close. It just made it harder to be good and not rip open throats on a whim. No easy task, let me assure you. So after the utter fuckery of holding life and death in my cold hands, there was the delightfully added bonus of mind-reading. I guess I got the fucking short end of the vampire dip stick because I was eternally forced to listen to everyone's thoughts. Did I really want to know that Mike Newton had been caught watching gay porn last night? That Angela Weber had masturbated for the first time and thought she was dysfunctional because she didn't feel much of anything? That Lauren Mallory had burned her step-father's favorite tie in an act of revenge? That Tyler Crowley wanted to bang the new student? That Eric Yorkie was sexually attracted to gummy bears? No. My "give a damn" had been broken since Prohibition when everybody was fucking miserable from withdrawal. At least alcohol numbed the triviality of human thoughts. And don't even get me started on WWII – it had been unbearable. I had gone on a rampage. Damn Nazi bastards. Hitler's suicide? Yeah, not so much. It wasn't usually my style to interfere with human things, but that had been one guy that needed to die. One look into his mind and I knew I was committing him to hell. Eva had been a fucked up broad, too. She needed to go. I had a brief period of being less emo during the 70's when organic lifestyles ruled. That had been a trippy decade where reading minds hadn't been a gigantic, flaming wad of suckage due to everybody being high as fuck. If only vampires could get high or drunk or stoned or buzzed or wasted or intoxicated or any other fun linking verb. I'd be a goddamn peach. But now when drugs were illegal and everybody was cynical and exposed to too much of the damn Internet? Fuck no. I was back to Oscar the fucking Grouch that lived in a garbage can. Oh, excuse me – RECYLCING bin. They'd changed his damn garbage can into a recycling bin in effort to brainwash children into being contributing members of society. Was nothing sacred anymore? Fucking Sesame Street. Fucking environment. Fucking Al Gore. And oh god, that was just my attitude towards inane human thoughts. Vampires were much worse. Exponentially more annoying. Especially since they never slept and thought much more quickly. Did I care that Esme and Carlisle enjoyed a BDSM relationship in their bedroom complete with sex swing, ropes, and gags? That Jasper liked to garden? That Rosalie would sometimes wear a silicone pregnant belly and pretend she was expecting? That Emmett liked to wear ladies' underwear? Simple answer: hell no. There were things you just didn't need or want to know about people. And I knew them all. Everything they thought, I heard, too. It really was an act of stupidity on my part to live with a clan when I felt like bashing my head against the wall repeatedly half the time. But that would just damage the wall. And then I'd have to fucking repair it myself because somebody being paid to repair it would think we'd run a bulldozer through the living room or something. The real reason I despised all of this – this life, my family, fucking humans, my goddamned useless sex appeal (hey, I'm sexy and I know it) – was because I was impotent. My cock was a little fucking traitor. Seriously. My junk hung there like a useless decoration. In over a century of living, not even an erection. No sexual satisfaction. That would turn any seventeen year old dude into a grouchy piece of shit. But expound that by leaps and bounds and you get me: Edward Cullen, most sexually frustrated person on the fucking planet. And let's not forget the mind-reading, shall we? High school was hell. An atmosphere where every other thought was sexually based? Hell no. And vampires, though no one would admit it, were a bunch of sick, perverted, horny fucks. Some of them had sex for years without stopping except to drink blood. Sometimes that was part of the sex. The nastiest stuff you could imagine. Cults of devil worshippers who sacrificed virgins would be squeamish at some of the shit immortals have thought up over their long years. Aro Volturi was the most disturbing of all cases given his obsession with that kid's show My Little Pony , but I digress. Summation: my immortal life sucks. I hated my dick for all the fucking shit I dealt with. In all the thoughts I scanned, no other vampire had ever had this problem. I was the world's first vampire with erectile dysfunction. And it wasn't a secret. Goddamn Aro and his bastard mouth. He had touched me (no molestation, thank you very much) and seen my dirty secret. I was the laughing stock. Even my own adoptive vampire family teased me. Assholes. But I suffered through it all, the martyr and pioneer for any other vampires with this problem (though I doubted they existed). I swallowed my daily dose of irritation and soldiered on bravely. I'm just fucking awesome like that. (Notice the sarcasm.) Why did I do it? Because call me a pansy, but it was better than being alone. Yes, I was a big, bad vampire and I had abandonment issues – sue me. In any case, I was currently in the most uncomfortable place of Forks High School, braving just about as much as I could. The lunch room held almost the entire school, every student crammed in like sardines with the sole purpose of eye-fucking each other. The quiet ones were the worst. I had little faith in humanity if even the shy, quiet girls could focus on little else aside from sex. Currently, Alice was sitting next to me, pretending to be interested in her apple (not like we could eat). But internally, she was thinking about the loud, obnoxious sex she and Jasper had last night. Because mentally experiencing it the first time wasn't enough . . . I swore under my breath. Of course she heard it. The little pixie shot me a wink. She was almost as used to my consistently pissed off mood as I was. Hell, probably even more used to it. She could see the future. She knew I would be pissed off before I knew. (But then again, it didn't take a fortune telling bloodsucker to predict that I was going to be pissy on any given day. It wasn't rocket science.) She saw the future. I read minds. Jasper spread emotions. And the rest of them were lame. Rosalie was just fucking impossible. Emmett was a vampire version of Arnold Schwarzenegger (prior to his political career and illegitimate child, of course). Carlisle was compassionate or some other bullshit like that. (The only thing that stirred my cold heart into empathy was Bambi. I loved that little fucking deer. Why did his mom have to die? Why?!) Esme was fucking crazy. I was pretty sure she was some sort of bipolar reincarnation of Martha Stewart. She was motherly externally, but got off on fucking Carlisle with a strap-on dildo (told you they were into some kinky shit) and burning different body parts of his only to watch them re-grow with a heaping helping of venom. It was sick and my "gift" got it all practically firsthand. Ugh. But still, weird ass sex was better than none at all while I was slowly wasting away in androgynous exile. Damn dick. There had been times that I begged it to stir, twitch, harden . . . anything. But it was a lifeless lump between my hips. No amount of arousing porn, skilled prostitutes, or failed masturbation would bring it to life. There had been that one incident in '84. I accidentally skull-fucked some poor girl to death. After thrusting my limp shit into a hooker's mouth so hard that the pressure severed her brain stem, I had decided to give up. Dead hookers just weren't cool, dude. It had been with difficulty that I figured I didn't want to let her go to waste and drank her blood anyway. The gonorrhea had made it taste weird . . . like sour pineapple. Dead, STD-riddled sex workers aside, it was time for biology. The lunch bell had just rung and there was a collective internal groan from everyone at the thought of returning to educational time. Except for Mike Newton. He had PE the period after biology and was eager to look at other semi-naked guys in the changing room. He had a pretty bad crush on Emmett, admiring his muscles and taut ass. Hey, his thoughts, not mine. I sighed, wishing for the millionth time in my existence that my dick was functional. Hell, even if I was homosexual, that would be ok. Just as long as the damn thing worked. (Shortly after the '84 Hooker Incident, I'd come to the realization that maybe girls weren't my thing. That had only led to some awkward gay strip club visits. Side note: never go to a strip club if you're a telepath. The human misery is almost debilitating.) My brooding continued as I sat down in my usual seat by myself. Humans were smarter than I gave them credit for since they knew to stay the hell out of my space. Their thoughts became louder the closer they were and I purposefully maintained distance. Their sexual urges were just a slap in my cold, dead face. And good fucking god, what was the matter with kids these days? They had been getting progressively worse over the years. Their thoughts were more fully formed and visual and loud. In the good old days (before internet porn), everybody had just imagined things. And that wasn't nearly as bad since they didn't have concrete images. But this? A fucking nightmare. I halfway wished SOPA would pass just so that the pornographic onslaught would cease. And it's not like I needed the freedom of information. I had a constant brain connection to knowledge 24/7. Most of it unwanted, but whatever. I settled into my usual seat and splayed out my books on the desk like a good little student. Edward Cullen, acting guru extraordinaire. I had to pretend on a daily basis that I didn't already know this shit. Hell, I'd already found several scientific inaccuracies within the textbook when I read through it. (Hey, with a malfunctioning dick, what else is there to do besides read high school science textbooks?) But they didn't pay me to teach – with good reason since I'd likely end up eating the schoolchildren or getting fired for doling out corporal punishment – so I sat back and waited for the disgusting teacher, Mr. Varner, to start class. Speaking of which, Mr. Varner was picturing the new student – brown hair, brown eyes, pretty average looking. He was a total pedophile. Well, sort of. He never actually did anything, but he