Just reviving a little one shot I did for Halloween three or four years ago. Since the season is almost upon us, I figured it couldn't hurt. -MsSailorman *V*V*V*V* "Jesus, Bella!" Alice shouted at me. I blinked repeatedly. I couldn't help myself. He'd been leaning over the dishwasher to put his coffee mug away and my eyes just . . . slipped. It wasn't my fault. His ass was just so . . . so . . . perfect. Round, taut, wrapped in denim. Yummy. Alice's fist came down on the homework scattered across her kitchen table. She'd called me over here for a last minute calculus cram session. And I was staring at Mr. Edward Masen, her father. Creepy? Tell me about it. Mr. Masen quickly straightened out in confusion, looking at his daughter with surprise. The poor guy had just been doing the dishes with no clue as why his one and only child was suddenly furious. I'd once confessed that I found her father attractive (only because I had been lulled into a false sense of security by a slumber party rendition of "Truth or Dare") and she hadn't let it go. She always smacked me when I stared too often, sometimes teasing me about it to make the situation less awkward. But there was a lot more stress over it now because that fateful admission had been over five years ago and this crush, this obsession, this lust had only grown in intensity. My eighteenth birthday was next week (on Halloween actually) and it was plain to see that Alice was getting . . . antsy. I would be a legal adult after all. But I had no plans to actually do anything. Was looking such a crime? My eyes trained back on Mr. Masen's furrowed brow, bright green eyes ensnaring me as they had done since puberty. Alice quite literally shoved me out of my chair and onto the floor before stomping off to her room. "Alice Masen!" her father yelled at her. Ignore his sexy voice, Bella. You can do it. It's called willpower. Alice didn't listen, making sure every footfall from her diminutive frame was heard as she pounded up the stairs, slamming her door closed when she reached the top. I loved Alice, but being an only child had not done wonders for her tantrum phase. I clearly deserved the indignation, but she was PMS-ing or something. "Shit," I mumbled, sitting up and moaning at the blossoming pain at the back of my head. Mr. Masen rushed to my side, looking concerned and touching my shoulder as he crouched on the floor next to me. Heat spread through my belly at the physical contact, even if it was paternal in nature. I briefly envisioned us tangled in the clean, blue sheets of his king sized bed upstairs before sighing. Nobody could say I did emotional masochism half-assed. I should get hurt more often. This was, of course, a ridiculous notion considering I was on a first name basis with the entire emergency room staff at the hospital. I was there enough without intentionally trying to inflict harm. To put it simply, I fell down. A lot. "Are you ok? What was that all about?" "Oh, nothing," I lied, biting my lip. He cocked an eyebrow. "Bella, my daughter doesn't push her best friend to the floor without a reason. What happened? One second you were talking about homework and the next, she's running off. I was right there. What the hell happened?" His tone disintegrated into hopeless confusion. Even as Alice's sole guardian, he was still at a loss towards the emotional shifts of teenage girls. Of course, I could also pinpoint the moment he had given up attempting to truly understand; he hadn't had a clue since Alice came out as a lesbian. While he'd been accepting, I figured, as a single father, he was out of his league. "I'll explain later, Mr. Masen." Like hell, I will. I would rather dig my own grave with a pair of chopsticks. "I'm going to let Alice calm down a bit. In the meantime, may I please have an icepack?" I winced when I felt the back of my head, spreading my fingers across what was rapidly becoming a bump. Perhaps Alice thought brain damage via a marble floor would cure me of my sexual appetite for anything Edward Masen. Of course, looking up at his face – the only lines at his eyes and mouth where he had smiled – I knew that plan had failed miserably. Calming down a bit, he managed to make a joke as he popped open the freezer to extract the icepack – Jesus Christ, his ass . I tried to memorize the sight before he turned back around. "I think this is the first time I've given you an icepack that hasn't been used for a self-inflicted injury." I snorted. Ick, Bella. Don't make that sound again. Not attractive. "No, Alice accidentally broke my wrist when we were seven, remember?" Of course he'd remember. He'd been the one to drive me to the emergency room. Those had been simpler days, back before my crush, when he had just been my friend's dad. But gradually, I had noticed his good looks in that shy, self-conscious way thirteen-year-olds do when they develop a crush. It was innocent enough. I dressed up nicer when I went to Alice's house, sat up a bit straighter when he entered a room, blushed when he looked at me. Of course, as I grew older, that embarrassed awareness had expanded. Through the magic of Internet porn and teenage boys, I had learned about my body, experienced some enlightening things, and cultivated explicit daydreams that tantalized and haunted me. "Oh, yes, I do remember," he laughed. "Whose genius idea was it to fit both of you on one bicycle?" "Alice's," I said with a grin. "Definitely Alice's." Our fingers touched as he handed me the icepack and I relished the contact, shivering a bit. But maybe that was just from the cold. I pressed it to the back of my head and groaned at how freezing and satisfying it was against my abused noggin. Keeping my gaze trained downwards because Mr. Masen was kneeling next to me now and I thought I would faint, I focused on his hands instead. They were large, I thought, with long, slender fingers. He didn't have a wedding ring. He'd divorced Alice's mother just months after Alice was born; I had never met her and never wanted to. They'd married young, reproduced young, and divorced young – which I guess tended to happen when your wife slept with her younger sister's husband. I would say it was a shame, but it eased my conscience a bit that even if he was my best friend's dad, at least he wasn't married. I had to have some standards. Some, but not many. "Then there was that time that you sprained your ankle tripping over the dog," he reminisced. Those hands looked so beautiful. I loved the tiny, golden hairs that started at his wrists. I shook myself out my daze. Why was I thinking about this? I had big problems to worry about. Alice was pissed. And I had the hots for her father. And I knew that was a big problem because Edward Masen couldn't be anything but big, judging by the way his jeans contoured around his front side. The man was kneeling next to me; of course I looked. Yes, a very big problem. Get your mind out of the gutter. "How's your head feeling?" How's your head feeling, Edward? You know, the fun one? "Slightly concussed," I joked, but then answered more seriously. "It aches a bit, but I'll be fine. No need to worry." He nodded and we both stood in the kitchen awkwardly. As much as I'd like to delude myself that it was the sexual tension that made it awkward, I tried to remind myself that it was pointless, that Mr. Masen would always be unattainable. As well he should be. What kind of shitty friend would I be if I slept with my best friend's dad? Who said you'd be sleeping? You'd be wide awake all night long if you were with him. I shook my head at my thoughts. My silver vibrator was lying in the bottom of my dresser drawer and I fully intended to use it when I got home. However there was a fatal flaw in that plan of action. Leaving Alice to stew was never a good idea. She was a grudge-holder as evidenced by the fact that she still occasionally brought up the time I accidentally ran over her favorite Barbie Doll with my bicycle and smashed in its little, cheerful face. I sighed. We had such a long history together and I knew it would be better to stick this one out and face the music. I set the icepack on the kitchen counter, resolved. "I'm going to go talk to Alice now. Wish me luck. And don't punish her. I kind of deserved it." He gave me a look , the kind that said: are-you-fucking-crazy? "I hardly believe you deserve to be thrown to the floor." Why must he look so perfectly sexy? Swallowing guiltily, I mumbled, "Trust me, I deserve it." I trudged up to Alice's room, knocking softly. "Bella, go away," was her immediate response. Someone's feeling friendly today. "I'm sorry, ok? I can't help it. You know how you tell me that homosexuals are born with it and they can't control it? Well, think of me as a straight homosexual." I was sure that had I been speaking to Alice face-to-face as opposed to her door, I would have seen her ' Bella's-lost-her-mind' expression. It seemed to be a genetic thing around here. She flung the door open, her face bright red with anger. "Do not use my homosexuality as an excuse, Bella." "Alice, that wasn't what I was doing. I'm just trying to make you understand." I sighed and entered the room, knowing she wouldn't have opened the door if I wasn't allowed in. It was a familiar place to me, though it proved how incorrect lesbian stereotypes were. One look at Alice's room and it was obvious that she didn't possess a single butch bone in her body. Her room was pale pink and frilly beyond belief. Frilly curtains, frilly bedspread, frilly clothes. As if all that wasn't enough, she had stuffed animals lining her bed like tiny, furry guardians. Shutting the door behind her, Alice grabbed her stuffed teddy bear and held it close to her chest. God, that was a bad sign. She only cuddled with her stuffed animals if she was really upset. And I felt like an asshole because I'd upset her and couldn't control my wandering eyes. "How on Earth am I supposed to understand the fact that you want to get all pervy with my dad ?!" "Shut up!" I hissed. "He's downstairs! What if he hears you?" She rolled her eyes. "This is fucking sick, Bella. Sick. " "You don't think I know that? Believe me, if I had a choice, I'd move onto another fish in the pond of Forks. But I can't help it," I whined, pressing my back against her door and sliding onto the floor into a miserable puddle. "He's so old." "Christ, he's only thirty-nine." " Only? " Alice whispered incredulously. She shook her head, looking for all the world like she was going to strangle her poor teddy bear. "I can't help it," I insisted again. "Just like you can't help being a lesbian." Her eyes grew pensive. "That's not fair, you know." Mr. Masen knocked on the door. I scrambled away from it and hurriedly stood up, letting him in immediately whether Alice approved or not. I hated this part, though. The part where he