Summer'sLotR Story Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings. Nor do I own any of the characters except for my own pretty lil' OC -and I don't even own her name because it was Master Tolkien that created the language... Author's note: this is based, I guess, on the book, The Two Towers and the movie The Two Towers, combined. See, I need Hama to die (I know, TearTear) in the battle for Helm's Deep which is in the book but not the movie. But I also need Eowyn and the rest of the lady folk to be present for that particular battle which is in the movie, but not the book. Got it? This takes place before, during and after the Battle for Helm's Deep, respectively... " War. " War. The word filtered through the crowd of nervous men and women, spreading like a virus and destroying all it touched. It was whispered by children to one another as if saying it too loudly would bring the event sooner, drawing closer their certain doom. Men (soldiers mainly) stated it grimly, the notes of matter-of-fact-ness in their voices served as attempts to mask the fear and despair they must have felt. War. It was the most terrible word Faelwen had ever heard. She barely even knew what it meant. Well, that wasn't true, she supposed, what was true was that she didn't know what it would bring. Surely Rohan could not withstand an attack, not now of all times. The men would be slaughtered and the women and children... that was exactly what she did not understand. What would become of them? Surely the enemy would have some pity... for the defenseless, they must... mustn't they? But, deep in her heart, Faelwen knew what shameless lies she told herself. The dark forces that crept out of Mordor and Isengard like growing shadows had shown not even the most fleeting sign of sympathy before. Nothing would make them do so now. The young lady was torn to the surface, out of the deep, ink-black sea of her reverie, by the sight of Eowyn striding purposefully through the cluster of people who were, undoubtedly, as disoriented as Faelwen, herself. The shield maiden's elegant skirts bloomed about her legs and her golden hair flowed out behind her, like petals of a helpless rose on a windy day. Unease was written on her face in her small frown and the ever-so-feint way her thin eyebrows pulled together. Faelwen stepped forward. "My lady, Eowyn, What troubles you?" Eowyn stopped and looked unhappily at her trusted friend. "The servants of the enemy move closer with every passing minute," she confided. "Is it true what they say? That there are ten thousand orcs coming to tear down the walls of our stronghold?" "At least," Eowyn sighed with frustration. "All the men are being sent to fight a battle they cannot possibly win. You and I were trained to wield blades, as were several other women. If we could be allowed to aid the men, to stand at their sides, then we would not have so much cause for fear. It is better to die an honorable death than to stand and watch helplessly as your companions are killed." Faelwen stared wide-eyed, horror woven into her gentle features. " All the men? They are all being sent to fight?" Eowyn knew she thought of Hama, for whom she had right to worry. She opened her mouth to say something sympathetic, in a last, already failed, attempt to ease her friend's agonizing wariness. But, before any sound could come through her lips, she was beckoned to by a soldier who apparently needed to speak with her. She looked at Faelwen one last time, compassion burning in her kind eyes, then turned sharply and made her way through the crowd. Faelwen knew she shouldn't have been so painfully shocked. After all, if Saruman was sending ten thousand orcs to destroy them, the services of all of the men in battle would be needed. Only infants or the most unable of old men would be excused from this battle to end the race of humanity. And yet, she felt as though she had been slapped across her pale face. Her heart faltered in its ongoing, rhythmic beat. Stinging tears pricked her eyes and she found, when she tried to swallow, her throat had closed mercilessly, leaving her dangerously close to succumbing to sobs of fear. She realized, with startling suddenness, that she could not let Hama fight. Although he had slain enough orcs to have lived through many battles, the odds of his survival were not in their favor. If she was forced to wait in the caves, listening to the jarring sounds of war and knowing he was out there, she felt quite sure she herself would die as well. She had to find him. She found herself stumbling miserably through Helm's Deep, calling "Hama? Hama?" when she failed to hear his familiar voice, answering her rasping plea, she began to despair. Could it be that he had been lost already, without the battle having even yet started? She tripped over her own feet, trying to retrace her uneven footsteps. She put out a flailing hand to catch her fall and felt the skin rubbed bitingly off, as the rest of her body hit the stone ground with a thud. She looked tearfully at her bloodied hand and wondered how she would possibly live through this night, if she could barely walk without hurting herself in some way. "Faelwen." Upon hearing the merciful voice, she looked up to see exactly the man she had been so frantically searching for. A wave of relief crashed over her with such force that she thought she might drown in it. Do not be so heartened, she told herself, the battle has not yet begun. All the same, she attempted a smile (although she was regrettably unsuccessful) and held up her un-injured arm, in a gesture for him to help her up. Hama took her small hand in his own and pulled her to her feet, so that she stood unsteadily before him. He frowned as he regarded her, thinking the war seemed to be taking more of a toll from her, who would not even be fighting, than himself, who was more than likely to be risking his very life in a matter of minutes. "Please do not fight," she begged pitifully, "stay here with me." "You know that is not possible." he reminded her and felt his heart wrench sharply as yet more tears welled in her eyes. They trekked thin streaks over her high cheek-bones before she brushed them away absently with her cut hand, unknowingly smearing blood across her face. "I cannot sit calmly and wait for you to be killed. I would go mad." He did not bother to make false promises that he would live to see the next morning, or to assure her that he would return from the battle without having suffered any harm. She was a smart woman and knew that said promises could not easily be kept. He simply said, "The men need me. Every soldier will make a difference and I intend to make mine." She looked away dismally and did not reply. After a minute had passed, he assumed she had no response to give and let go of her hand, in the intent of leaving her. As soon as he had taken one step in the opposite direction, she grabbed his wrist, pulling him back. Her eyes still pleaded. "Then let me come with you." "The battle of our time is not safe for a woman. It is not safe for any one." "I know how to use a sword! If I was made to learn the skill, I should at least be permitted to use it." His brown eyes burned into hers. "You could die." Her grey eyes burned back. "I would rather die than be parted from you," and after seeing the sincerity in her frightened face, he never would have doubted it. "Faelwen..." it was the only answer he could think of, all other replies evaded him. He laid a light hand on her long, tangled hair, wishing he knew how to comfort her more than he had ever wished for anything in his life. But, before he got the chance to, everyone was jolted alert by a sudden pounding of footsteps outside the fortress. The enemy had arrived. He looked at her one last time. "I'm sorry." he turned on his heel and stalked away, assembling, with the rest of the doomed soldiers, to face the devastatingly huge legion of orcs. Faelwen stood stalk still, rigid and frail in her terror. Her face, already pale, drastically whitened with startling intensity. She tried to swallow and found she couldn't. She had forgotten how to move, how to breathe, and, for a sickening moment, how to think. She simply stood for a while, alone, until the ability came back to her. When it did, she heaved a deep, shuddering breath that shook her entire body. What she had said was true. She had stated it with a saddening, almost frightening honesty. She knew that he would not have the chance to come back to her now, even if he could have lived with himself if he did. So she would have to follow him. She looked over her still weak shoulder, to her left was the armory. There was still enough armor to clad her with whatever small safety could be assured... XXX The two armies stood facing each other, the larger, more able force looming over the smaller one. Faelwen stood with the swordsmen, a part of their company. A helmet (with a heaviness she was irritatingly conscious of) cast the soft, feminine features of her little face in shadow. The thick armor she was swathed in rendered the womanish curves of her body utterly inconspicuous. She gripped at the hilt of her sheathed sword as if it was her lifeline, her short finger-nails bit into the thick, worn leather. She stared at the massive sea of muscled bodies that made up the other army. They glared back at her and her companions with a viscousness that would have disconcerted the bravest of fighters. Terror knotted in her stomach and welled up behind her eyes. She wished fervently that she could be like Lady Eowyn, afraid of neither death nor pain, but her senses defied her. To her right, only inches away from her huddled form, stood Hama. He, unlike the rest of the men that now surrounded them, had recognized her instantly, she knew it from the short glance he had spared her. He said nothing, to her nor to any of the battalion, he only stared desolately ahead. She knew he was as certain she would die, as she was of him. She loathed herself for causing him such distress, but her decision had been made. And there was no way of turning back now. Before either of them were even fully aware of it, the battle had begun, ripping both away from whatever thoughts had been occupying them. Faelwen felt adrenaline sweep over her like a wave. The world around her operated in slow motion, which only made the gruesome spectacles of war more difficult to bear. A large orc (although, there was not one of them that wasn't large) raised an enormous hammer-like weapon, obviously intending to send it crashing down on her. She nimbly unsheathed her sword and swung it in a wide arch until it made contact with its thigh. She cursed quietly, she had meant to hit it in the chest. The helmet perched on her head was obscuring her vision and that was taking its effect on her aim. She threw it off with the hand not occupied by her sword, no longer caring that she would be recognized.