A/N: Hey there to anyone who reads this fanfic =) Thanks for choosing my story =) So just a little back story I am not a writer by an means, I am just a young mum of two littlies who stumbled upon this site and found it a great creative outlet. I write these stories (this being my second) as a release and a break from my mummy duties. This story was inspired by the Sam Smith song 'Stay With Me'. As soon as I heard the song all I could see in my head was Peeta and Katniss, so every chapter will be based around a line in the song. I really hope you enjoy the story and you're able to appreciate my effort. I apologise in advance for any sspelling or grammatical errors, I hope that if you enjoy the story that you can look past any little mistakes. Any and all reviews are welcomed and appreciated. It is always a wonderful source of encouragement. Also, I think it goes without saying but I do not own the Hunger Games or any of the characters. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo I never used to have my shower scolding hot, never. I would have the temperature warm and the exhaust fan on over head. I liked things cool, despite what people were lead to believe. I may have been the girl on fire but the heat had never called to me. I guess it's just another thing I can add to the list of things that have changed since the war ended. Panem had changed; the capital and the districts had changed. District twelve had changed, where there once were buildings there now was rubble and where there once were bodies now stood bones. Although now I guess it was changing again, as they began to rebuild. The games had changed, from a living fear to a dead nightmare. The tributes had changed, Annie, Johanna, Haymitch, Peeta…. My Peeta. Although maybe that had changed too. My Peeta, someone else's Peeta, no one's Peeta? I didn't know anymore. My mother had changed, although she lived far away now so it was nice in her absence to know you could always count on some things staying the same, she couldn't deal with it all. Gale had changed, from my best friend to …. Not my best friend. Prim had changed. She used to be a living, breathing, laughing, un-tucked, perfect little human now she is a ghost, a memory and a garden at the front of my house. A few plants, that's all she is now. I changed. Where I was once focused I was now fuzzy. Where I was once smooth I am rough, jagged and broken. I used to be strong and now I scream endless notes of horror into the darkness of night. Stuck in nightmares I can't escape, even when I open my eyes. Where I was once hard, I now felt soft. I used to threaten and kick at the ugly tabby that Prim had adopted but now I let it sit by me while I stared into the silence around me. A hand wrapped securely around his fur, afraid to let go of him and lose everything I ever had. Where I once went to the woods to hunt and be free, I now just sat and hid. Trying desperately to grasp any part of who I was with every release of an arrow from my father's bow. Instead every kill left me feeling empty and hollow, reliving images I tried desperately to forget. That is the girl I was now, scared, empty, crying over a dead squirrel and broken. Now I could add that I was the girl who would run the shower water so hot, ignoring the stinging on my new flesh as the water pounded my body, leaving the fan off to fog up the entire bathroom in thick and heavy steam. Because if the bathroom steamed up then so would the mirror, and if the mirror was too fogged I wouldn't have to actually look at my reflection and I could continue to deny the me who stood there. I wrapped a course towel that itched my still raw skin around my body and left the bathroom, without glancing at the bathroom mirror, lines of condensation running down and leaving track marks through the fog. I stepped quietly into my room and dressed in a pair of plain black pants and a white shirt with three quarter sleeves. I let my hand work quickly and without a second thought as they braided my still wet hair down my back. It had begun to thicken out again and fell midway down my back. I could still smell the off charred scent to it though, despite the aggravating amounts of conditioners I had used to mask it. I had begun to think the smell wasn't so much in my hair but in my head. I sat down on the end of my bed to pull on socks and felt my necklace fall free of my shirt as I bent forward. A long silver chain held a simple silver pendant with a small dark colored pearl in the centre, Peeta's pearl. I had it placed in the setting a month or two ago, wearing it around my neck and resting on my heart ever since. I held it tightly in my hand and thought about the boy who had given it to me. He hadn't just given me this pearl; he had given me many things in the last three years. So many emotions like panic, fear, frustration, pain, desire, hope and love. I had never admitted the last three out loud but they were true and even if I never said the words out loud I would always know that Peeta Mellark had been someone to give me hope in the confusing and complicated world that we lived in, that he had been the one to make me feel desire, a desire to live, to fight and unlike any other person a desire for him, a desire to do things and say things to him that I had never done or said before. Things such as 'I love you'. Because I did then and now and likely always would. I love Peeta Mellark, the boy with the bread, the boy with the pearl, the boy with my heart and he didn't even know it. He had always done what he thought was best for me like joining careers to save me in the first games, trying to sacrifice himself for my life in the second, fighting against Snow despite the consequences during the war and now he was giving me space because that's what I had asked for. Maybe in not so many words but I had withdrawn and hidden away and Peeta had let me because all Peeta had ever wanted was for me to be happy. Selfless and beautiful Peeta, the boy I could live a thousand life times and still never deserve. I knew that he had been coming around though, because every day when Sae would come over to make sure I hadn't been starving myself there was fresh bread, and cheese buns, always cheese buns. I wasn't sure if maybe I was reading into things a little too much but a desperate part of me hoped that this was his way of telling me that he hadn't given up on me, that he was still waiting for me and he accepted that the war had left more then a few cracks in me. I wanted him to be waiting but I knew in this moment that he could only wait so long, that I needed to make a move of some sort if I wanted him too. I slipped my feet into my worn boots, feeling as they molded with familiarity around my feet. I stood up and took a deep breath, knowing that today had to be the day I finally moved. OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo I walked calmly towards Haymitch's home, watching as he came into the front yard with a large bag of feed over his shoulder that he poured into a large trough at his feet. Within seconds a gaggle of geese rushed up and began to scoff the food down their beaks. "Well aren't you a sight for sore eyes, sweet heart." He greeted me roughly without looking in my direction. "Your eyes probably wouldn't be so sore if you weren't hung over Haymitch." I retorted. He chuckled at me enjoying our banter. "You have a point sweet heart. So what brings you back to the land of the living?" "Figured it was time to start getting over myself I guess. I can't live my life like a recluse." I shrugged. "You've got too much to live for and all the crap?" He asked, not truly expecting an answer. "So you have decided to be a daddy to geese?" I asked him, nodding towards the aviary at my feet. "I guess we all find what gets us through right? Those of us whose nightmares seem a little darker and a little more persistent are all just searching for a way through. Annie has F.J, Johanna got a dog and I got geese. The real question is what your saving grace is sweet heart?" I shrugged him off, not because I didn't know what would help to calm my nightmares but because I didn't want to admit it out loud. So I chose, instead to change the subject. "Johanna got a dog?" I asked. "Didn't you get her letter?" He asked me. "I recently went through a period of boycotting my mail." "And how is that going for you?" he asked and we both chuckled. "Well it seems I have been missing some pretty important information lately. You know those critical points like Johanna's mutt." We stood in a comfortable silence for few minutes, watching the happy geese as they waddled around our feet and pecked at random bits and pieces on the ground. I realized that I had missed Haymitch during my self imposed isolation. Despite the ways he was able to annoy the life out of me he and I seemed to be cut from the same cloth and looking around at he and his family of geese made me hopeful that I could pull off some kind of normal life, even if it meant I self medicated and became a crazy cat lady. It would be something in the very least. I took a deep breath and turned towards the gate. "I will see you later Haymitch." I made my way down the pathway and out of the garden gate. I heard Haymitch call out behind me. "He paints and bakes." I turned over my shoulder too look at Haymitch, confused at who and what he was talking about. "The boy." He said nodding towards Peeta's house. "He paints and bakes. But both are for you. You are what gets him through." Haymitch called to me before turning around and making his way back inside the house. I shook my head at his words and continued my walk into town. I walked into the centre of town and was surprised at the progress that was being made. The debris and mess, bodies and bones had been cleared away and buildings had begun to take shape. A few stores had reopened and begun dealing trades again and many of them had windows with large and bright 'coming soon' signs. I tried to take in all the progress without allowing the bitterness to over take me. I knew that this was life and what living it meant but to see the town be made over, some what the same but yet so different, the new and improved district twelve only made me ache for the old life; before the games, before the rebellion and before I lost my sister. Part