I slip into Peeta's room, shutting the door gently behind me. He's sitting on the bed, his back to the headboard and his knees drawn up. He rests his forehead on his knees, his arms wrapped around his legs, the left hand grabbing the right tightly. The other bed is empty; I suspect that it's meant for Finnick, if he is ever released from District Thirteen's hospital. Peeta and I had been released yesterday, after the wounds from where our trackers had been cut out had healed. I still had to go back to the head doctor every day; Johanna's wallop had left my thoughts muddled when I got anxious or stressed, the words getting trapped in my brain like my legs in the weeds by the lake in Twelve. But at least I was out of the hospital, in a room with my mother and Prim. But Peeta had no one. His parents and brothers had perished when Snow bombed our District. They had told him in the hospital the morning we were released yesterday; I heard them whispering to him as he lay in the next bed over from me. He had been quiet after that, his eyes empty and staring at nothing. When we were released, I was sent to my family's room and he was led away. I looked for him afterward, but he didn't show up for dinner last night, and he wasn't at breakfast this morning. I had a meeting with Plutarch in the Command Center in a few hours, according to the schedule on my arm and I was sure Peeta was supposed to be there too. But after breakfast, he didn't try to find me. I wanted to talk to him, to figure out exactly what we were supposed to be doing now, as the symbols of this fledgeling rebellion. I waited outside of the cafeteria for a few minutes, lingering as unobtrusively as I could, until the stares of the citizens assigned to clean that day chased me away, down into the floors where we all lived and worked. I ran into Haymitch near the schoolroom. He had been trying to find some sort of liquor, anything to take the edge off of the withdrawal. But all alcohol was kept under lock and key in this District - he had been cut off, cold turkey. "Have you seen Peeta?" I had asked, not bothering with a greeting. "Not since I left him in his room yesterday," he replied. "Why?" "I haven't seen him either. I'm worried." "Well, he's supposed to meet with you and Plutarch soon." He pulled back his sleeve and glanced at the schedule printed on his forearm. "It's in a few hours, I'm sure he's fine. He'll turn up then." I looked at him dubiously. Peeta hadn't shown up for two meals - if he wasn't eating, he likely wasn't up for meeting with anyone. And trust Haymitch not to check up on Peeta after telling him his entire family was dead. "What room is he in?" "1205," he grunted. I turned around, muttering a 'thank you' as I jogged back to the elevators. I had to find him. I pressed the elevator button to go down and jumped in the moment the doors open. I had to know that he was okay, just tired or resting. I couldn't bear the thought of him alone here, feeling abandoned and empty and lost. The elevator doors opened on the twelfth floor and I burst out of them, turning right towards the lower numbered rooms. At the end of the hall I reached room 1205 and knocked quietly on the door, my breathing rapid and palms sweaty, anxiety rolling around in my stomach. I had knocked again, then opened to door, determined to see him whether he wanted me to or not - and that's when I found him on his bed. "Peeta?" I whisper. He doesn't move. Nothing in his body language indicates that he has heard me. I pad over to his bed. His eyes are closed, and his expression is full of sorrow. His cheeks are streaked with tear tracks, some dry and others fresh. I sit down on the bed next to him, reach out a hand and touch his knee. "Peeta?" His entire body is stiff and he's cold. I can feel how icy his skin is underneath the fabric of our District-issued trousers. It's as if he hasn't moved for hours, perhaps all night. He shakes his head slightly and looks up. His eyes are red-rimmed, the skin around them swollen and puffy. There are grooves in his bottom lip, impressions from his teeth where he's been biting his lip. He looks miserable, broken. When he said there there was no one but me he cared about in the arena, I knew he was just trying to convince me to live, to survive - that he cared about his family, too, just that the loss of me would cut deeper. I know how deeply he cares for me, how I'm just now able to see how much I could love him too. But they were his family, his father and brothers, and just because he said that nobody needed him doesn't mean he wouldn't miss them if they were gone, wouldn't mourn them if they died. If I had died and he lived, he would still have them when he returned to Twelve. His loss would not have affected them. But their loss affects him. "Oh, Peeta." I take my hand off his knee, reaching out to cup his cheek with my hand. I stroke his cheek with my thumb. Weeks, days, even hours ago I would have hesitated, the gesture intimate, too intimate for cameras and the Capitol. But we are alone in his room, with no one to overhear, to judge or report back, and I know how he feels. I know how it feels to lose family, like your foundation has been shaken. Gale was my source of comfort when my father died, the company of someone who was going through the same heartache helping to soothe my own loss. Peeta needs that now, needs me now. I feel him lean into my hand slightly, and his eyes close again. A soft sigh leaves his mouth. A tear leaks out of one eye and he grimaces, fighting the pain, trying to tamp it down. He can't fight this. I fought it for so long, became numb in the process, survival my top priority. But he doesn't need to fight it; he needs to grieve and let it out so it doesn't consume him, doesn't harden him like it did Gale and me. If he fights it, he will lose, and then he'll no longer be the boy with the bread, no longer be the man I've come to care for so much, no longer be Peeta. I climb down off of the bed and move towards the headboard. "Can you move towards the end of the bed, Peeta?" I ask softly. He doesn't respond, but he moves slightly. I grab the pillow he was resting on and prop it up against the headboard to create a cushion. Then I take the pillow from Finnick's bed and do the same thing. "Stand up for a second," I say, and he complies, still not saying a word. The bed is still neatly made, and I yank the blanket out from where it is tucked under the mattress. I push it over to the side of the bed adjacent to the wall and then clamber back onto the bed, resting against the pillows in a reclined position. I look at him. He has wrapped his arms around himself, holding so tightly it's as if he is afraid he will burst apart. His eyes are still closed, and the tears haven't stopped. His shirt - the light gray button-up issued to every male citizen of Thirteen - is rumpled and untucked, the collar dark and dampened. He looks broken. I feel my heart lurch, tipping over an edge I've been trying not to fall over. Peeta and I have protected each other, saved each other over and over again. Since the first Games, he has been a pillar of strength, remaining stoic and steady when I could have gone to pieces. When I was confused about how I felt, when we were returning home to Twelve after our victory, he stayed strong despite how much I hurt him, played along with my game despite his own feelings. He sheltered me from nightmares on the train while suffering through his own. He wanted me to live through the Quell, tried everything he could to convince me that I should survive, for Prim, for my mother, for Gale. But Gale has been distant since we were rescued. He didn't come to the hospital; Haymitch told us that Twelve had been bombed. He was quiet at dinner, had been looking around at the other tables at breakfast. It bothers him that Peeta is here; after the first games, the divide between the Seam and the Merchants meant that Gale never had to see Peeta, look at him, be reminded of my divided feelings. But now we are all here together, and he knows he will be seeing Peeta not only at meals, but everywhere. This realization makes me angry - how could he resent Peeta, resent his presence, when the alternative is for him to be tortured in the Capitol or dead? How can he resent him when he knows Peeta's family is dead, suffering in a way Gale knows only too well? It's in that moment that I get it. Gale has been my friend since childhood. Gale understood me, helped me, protected me, as I did for him. But when I was reaped, I changed. I was no longer Catnip, the girl just trying to keep her family alive, just trying to survive the day. There is more than the woods, a world darker and scarier than either of us could have ever imagined, a world that lives on in my nightmares night after night as the faces of those I've killed come back and haunt me. Gale can never understand this. Gale was waiting for Catnip to come home, for things to go back to the way they were, to take up where we left off. But Gale wasn't in the arena, Gale wasn't fighting for survival against Snow, Gale hasn't had an entire country breathing down his neck. Peeta has. Peeta has dealt with all of it, with losing his leg and killing other children, with being forced to live in the spotlight of a nation-wide love affair with a girl who wasn't sure how she felt about anyone, with protecting me, with trying so desperately to keep a hold onto himself, with trying not to become a piece in their games. Peeta understands how the darkness can be so inviting and yet so terrifying, how there are days when the blankets and softness of the mattress are both the biggest comfort and the greatest enemy. I don't blame Gale for not understanding it, for no longer understanding me. I just need to be with the person who does. I need to be with the person whose arms make me feel safer, safer than I have ever felt since my father died, who has given me strength and courage when I've needed it, even when I refused to admit it. Peeta is sapped of that strength now, his reserves depleted. He cannot shoulder this alone. I need to be his pillar of strength now, pull him back together and help him heal, be with him however he needs me, protect him and save him because that's what we do for each other. Peeta is mine, I am his. Anything else is unthinkable. I hold my hand out to him. "Come here." His eyes open