His lips brushed impatiently at her neck, her hand pressing him closer. A low moan escaped her lips, swollen & red from his hungry, almost feral kisses. He let out a moan of his own. It echoed in her ears, silencing the small part of her brain that was telling her to slow down, that it shouldn't happen like this ... As the sun rose higher in the morning sky, Katniss returned from hunting to find Peeta in her kitchen, standing at the sink without a shirt on. Flour covered his hair and face, and the water was running as he washed his hands and forearms. His biceps flexed and relaxed as he rinsed the white powder off of his right hand. The sight of a shirtless Peeta paralyzed her. Lately, her awareness of his body had been in overdrive: of his hands as he dexterously rolled dough for cheese buns, of the collarbone that peeked out of the neck of his t-shirt as he painted, of the hair that curled behind his ears. It left her with a surging, rolling warmth in her core, one that she did her best to ignore. At least once a day she had to stifle the part of her brain that wanted to reach out and touch him, hold his hand, or curl up in his arms while they sat in the couch. Before the Capitol had ruined them both, there were kisses that burned with a hunger that had nothing to do with food. She had been sure that he loved her then, and she knew now that she had been falling in love with him as well. But then Snow has destroyed Peeta's mind. Any love that may have remained was buried, underneath false memories, confusion, anxiety, and so much anger. Anger at Snow, at Plutarch, at Haymitch, at the rebellion, and most of all, at her. He had stopped her from killing herself with the nightlock pills, and they were friends now, spending almost all of their waking hours together. But some nights, she'd wake up with her throat burning, his dream-hands still around her neck, though the bruises had faded long ago. He didn't have flashbacks as often anymore, not like when he had first returned to District 12. His head doctor told Haymitch that as the false memories faded, they would ease in their intensity and frequency, but they would never completely go away. The times Peeta did have them were terrifying. Katniss wasn't just afraid for herself - every time it happened, she feared that this would be it, that this time they would lose Peeta for good, the memories and pain in his head too much to bear. Just two days before, Peeta had cracked the back of one of his kitchen chairs as he clutched it, the attack on his mind so violent that he had bit his tongue and bled. Afterwards, he was always apologetic, filled with shame and still twitching from aftershocks. He couldn't look Katniss or Haymitch in the eye for an hour or more, not until after he had disappeared to draw and commit the flashback to paper, purging it from his mind. Only then would he truly come back to himself, rolling up his sleeves to bake or paint in the memorial book with a smile and levity that reminded Katniss of the old, pre-hijacking Peeta. It made her ache. The two versions of Peeta that lived across the street from her tore her in two. The Peeta who had planted evening primrose bushes in front of her house and the Peeta who had ripped a tree - complete with roots - from the ground during a flashback were superimposed on each other, never one without the other in her mind. The shame and guilt she felt, that it was her fault because of the rebellion and those stupid berries, was corrosive. The boy she loved was in so much pain because of her, and she focused on trying not to hurt him any more. She reminded herself daily that he didn't love her any more; they were friends, neighbors, companions. His love had been a constant since she was sixteen, a steadying influence ingrained in her worldview. But it was gone, and she refused to be the cause of a flashback or more pain. Though in moments like this - his face smooth and hurt-free, humming softly to himself with his shirt on the table, his chest bare and glistening with errant drops of water - it was nearly impossible to stop herself from wrapping her arms around him. As it was, she was rooted to the spot, her game bag dangling unnoticed in her hand as she stared, eyes wide and mouth pulled into an unconscious smile. She had seen him shirtless before - had seen him only in his underwear, in fact. But that was in the arena, with millions watching and survival the only thing on her mind. It was hardly ever this intimate, with Peeta shirtless in her kitchen. A few weeks prior, he had started to bake in her house rather than his, claiming that he liked having someone to talk to while he kneaded. She suspected that he was coming to check up on her, to make sure she didn't fall off the deep end again; it certainly wasn't easier to bake in her kitchen, given that all of the supplies were in his. She loved him for that, for the kindness and effort. Now, however, she wished that he had stayed in his own kitchen, if only to save her from the longing that opened like a maw within her. Her fingers itched to touch his chest, smooth and toned, and her lips had parted, her breathing heavier. She must have made a noise, as not a moment later he looked up and turned to her, hands dripping as she stood in the doorway. "Hey," he greeted softly. "Good morning." She shook her head slightly, trying to clear the cloud of longing and love and want from her brain. "Morning," she replied, equally quiet. She didn't move. He looked at her, a small smile playing on his lips. "Are you gonna stand there all day?" Her eyes lingered on his ribs, and the scars from countless Capitol knife cuts that criss-crossed them in a grotesque pattern. Her heart sank in a familiar path down to somewhere near her navel. My fault , she thought. My fault, my fault, my fault, my - "Katniss?" Suddenly Peeta was standing in front of her, drying his hands with a towel, concern in his impossibly blue eyes. "Are you okay?" Her grey eyes met his. She could get lost in them, fall in so deep that she would never have to leave. Their blue matched the color of the lake in the woods, clear and open. His eyes weren't cloudy with doubt and agony, like they were during the flashbacks. They were soft and free from pain, and filled with a kindness that stirred something within her. "Katniss," he breathed, stepping closer. He reached a hand up, pausing halfway to her cheek. Her brain lurched. They hadn't touched each other in so long, not since she had bitten him when he stopped her from taking the nightlock pills after she shot Coin. He hadn't tried and she had resisted for fear of bringing on a flashback. She jolted out of her stupor, mentally kicking herself as she walked to the table. It was covered with baking supplies, flour and rolling pins and bowls. She cleared a patch and placed her bag down. Conceal, don't feel , she chided herself, repeating the mantra that she had used so many times in the past few weeks to stop herself from doing something stupid. It was new territory - thinking before she acted, long and hard. You can't do this to him. Stop acting like a lovesick idiot. She removed her hunting jacket and placed it on the back of her chair. It had been cool in the woods, but between the rising sun in the window over the sink and the suppressed emotions, Katniss felt unbearably hot in the kitchen. Peeta's eyes followed her movements, his face unreadable. Katniss risked a glance at him. He returned to the sink, draping the damp towel over the faucet. "I'm okay," she replied at last. "Sorry, I was still lost in thought." She shook her head again, this time able to compose herself. She looked around the kitchen, which she realized was an enormous mess. Flour covered the floor and table. Broken eggs laid in a cracked bowl under a chair, the yolk oozing into the tile grout. "What happened here?" Peeta looked down, apologetic. "I'm sorry about the mess. I was going to clean up before you got back." "Game bag filled up quickly." She gestured at the overstuffed bag. "It's autumn, we need to start saving for winter." He nodded. "So what happened?" Peeta looked at her and smiled sheepishly. "I tripped over Buttercup." She chuckled. "Are you okay?' "Everything is intact, except for my dignity." "And where is the little terror?" She looked around for Prim's cat. They had developed a sort of mutual affection, born of grief. At night, he curled up next to her, making sure she was safe. When she woke up screaming from a nightmare, he was always there, nudging her hand and purring. "He's fine - he's in the sitting room, hissing at me every time I look at him." To demonstrate, he looked to his right; a hiss quickly followed. She laughed. He threw the towel at her. "Be nice." She laughed harder, pulling out a chair at the table. "I'll make it up to you - I'll help you clean up after I'm done skinning." She pulled the bag closer and slipped the knife from her jacket pocket, flipping up the blade. As she pulled rabbits and squirrel from her bag, Peeta grabbed the mop and bucket. An easy quiet settled. He cleaned while she skinned, the sun rising higher and brightening the kitchen. This was how most mornings went; Katniss would return from hunting and clean her catch while Peeta baked, occasionally chatting but mostly enjoying the soothing effect of each others' company. After half an hour, Peeta's voice broke through the silence. "I had a dream about you last night." Katniss' hand holding the knife slipped, the blade biting deep into the heel of her hand. "Shit," she breathed. The blood began pooling in the wound and threatened to overflow. "Katniss?" "Get me a towel, please." Peeta grabbed a clean towel from under the sink and brought it over to her. As she grabbed it, he saw the blood. "What-" "I cut myself," she said, more curtly than she meant. The pain wasn't bad but what he had said was rattling around her brain. "The skinning knife?" He looked at her, forehead creased with worry. She nodded, pressing the towel to her hand to stop the flow of blood. "You should go wash it out." Katniss nodded. "Yea, I'll be back." She left the kitchen and walked up the stairs to her bathroom. She kicked her pajamas that she had left on the floor early that morning out of the doorway and stuck her wounded hand under the faucet. She turned on the water, and when it hit her hand, she bit back a yelp. The blood mixed with the water and drained, and she turned it off when she was satisfied that the animal blood and hair had been washed out of her wound. She opened the cabinet above the sink with her good hand, looked inside, then cursed. She didn't have saline or antibiotic cream; Greasy Sae had cut herself last week when she had made lunch for Katniss and Peeta, and Katniss hadn't refilled her first aid kit. Taking the box of bandages off of the