A/N: Hello everyone! This story is the third installment of my Next-Gen series. The first was Try and Tri Again , the second was Life After Hogwarts , and this is the third one, if you haven't read the other two first, you probably should. This story takes place about two and a half months after Life After Hogwarts ends, and it's dated so that you can keep up. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter . Stress and Distress Thursday, August 25 th 2022 1:35 AM The last place Teddy Lupin wanted to be in the middle of the night –or more accurately the early morning– the night before (or morning of?) the day he and Victoire were to start their weeklong vacation was a seedy wizarding club in Bristol. Yet there he was standing just inside the doorway of said club, which he was quickly coming to the conclusion deserved worse than just the label of seedy that he had given it from a cursory glance of the outer building. The things he did for family. He had to squint his eyes so that he could try to see through the dark room; it wasn't very large, but the thick smoke from cigarettes, and who knows what else, was making it difficult to see more than a few metres in front of him. He slowly walked further into the club, his head on a swivel as he tried to find the only reason why he was there in the first place. The music in the building was very loud, Teddy could feel it reverberating through him with every step he took; and even though he was an auror, and not a member of more basic magical law enforcement, his skin was starting to itch as he noted all of the illegal things the people around him were doing. Even though Teddy's visibility was not what he would have wanted, he knew that if he could find his way to the bar it would probably give him the best vantage point. Once at the bar he turned around and leaned his back against it, making a slight face as he imagined the kind of dirt and bacteria that was probably on the surface of the bar, and started examining the patrons of the club in earnest. He had just watched a woman very blatantly trying to grind against another girl who looked so far past sloshed that he was surprised that she was still standing, when he heard a voice from behind him speak. "What can I get ya luv?" He turned around to face the bar and glanced at the young woman who had spoken. She looked barely legally old enough to drink let alone work behind a bar. She was rather pretty, however the make-up around her eyes was much too heavy, even for a nightclub; and the tank top she was wearing was at least two sizes too small. "I'm fine for now thanks," Teddy replied politely. The woman placed her elbows on the bar and leaned in towards him, obviously doing so, so that she could put on display the skin that was not being covered by her tight tank top, and looked up at him from underneath her noticeably fake eyelashes, "Are ya sure there's nothin' I can tempt ya with?" "I'm sure," He told her evenly, wishing for the first time that there was some sort of social symbol in place that he could wear to show that he was engaged, and therefore not interested in any offers that some women may try to propose. He had given Victoire her engagement ring, but there should be a custom that he could receive something himself that could help ward off the single vultures. The woman eyed him less flirtatiously and this time with more scrutiny, "Were ya lookin' for someone?" Teddy had gone back to looking around the room, but for some reason he decided to answer, "Yes." "Lookin' for ya bird then?" "No," He replied, a little more tersely this time as he thought of how he'd rather be home in bed with his, hopefully still sleeping, fiancée. "Lookin for ya bloke?" Teddy pinched the bridge of his nose, "I'm looking for a bloke." "Ain't we all?" The woman replied with a breathy laugh. He was more than done with the conversation, "Excuse me." He did not just leave because he wanted to end the discussion with her, but because he had perceived a flash of bright red hair out of the corner of his eye that he dearly hoped belonged to the person he was there to get. Fortunately for Teddy, he did not need to cross the dance floor to get to the section of the booths and tables that he needed to inspect. Instead, all he had to do was slide behind a large group of men who were clearly sloshed and taking turns trying to prise a bottle cap off a bottle with their eye sockets. Because of the dark and hazy atmosphere of the club, Teddy had to walk right up to the table of the booth until he could get a perfect line of view on his target. There were three people sitting on the bench of the curved booth, and the table in front of them was littered with at least twenty empty or half drank glasses and bottles of alcohol. The people in the booth, two males who bookending one female, paid Teddy absolutely no attention, which just further pointed towards how much of an absurdly intoxicated state they were doubtlessly in. An intoxicated state that was about to get much worse, Teddy noted, as he saw the dark haired man on the far side handing some sort of rolled up joint to the woman in the middle. When he saw the woman take a hit and offer it to the redhead on the other side of her, Teddy figured that that was his cue to make himself known. "A-hem." The sound of his throat clearing was louder than what would be considered normal, but he figured that it was necessary to be heard over the loud music. It did end up doing the trick, as all three occupants of the booth suddenly snapped their heads up and tried to focus their unfocused drug and alcohol induced gazes onto him. The dark haired man and the woman squinted at him in confusion, but the redhead was still able to recognize him. "Teddy?" He sighed and tried to put on an emotionless expression so that he could be firm with him, even though the sight of his bloodshot eyes caused his heart to pang. "Baxter, I think it's time to go." Redheaded Baxter Weasley frowned blurrily as he glanced up at Teddy, "Wha areya doin here?" Teddy swallowed thickly as he heard the slurring in his voice; he had definitely had more than just his half of the drinks that were on the table, "You called me." In a sense. "I did?" Baxter asked, his voice going up several octaves at the end and turning into a shout. Teddy knew from experience that when he was like this, just speaking to him wasn't going to be enough. He walked towards Baxter, grabbed his upper arm, and then hauled him out of the booth. Either Baxter had decided to go with him, or he was just too intoxicated to realize that Teddy was manhandling him. "Hey, where are ya goin?" The woman asked with a hiccough. "I'm taking him home," Teddy said as he turned his back on the booth. "Hey!" The dark haired man yelled as he unsteadily got to his feet, "Maybe he don't wanna go with you!" Teddy had one hand still grasping Baxter's forearm, so he used his free hand to dig into his pocket and pull out his badge. He held it up for the other two to see. Technically, even though whatever they were smoking was illegal, as an auror it wasn't really in his jurisdiction. However, the other two were clearly way too intoxicated to be able to read his badge, so their wide-eyed and retreating reactions proved that they assumed it was legitimate. With no more resistance, Teddy easily pulled Baxter with him through the dingy club and out the front door. He rounded on Baxter once they were out in the fresh night air. "Tell me you didn't take a hit of whatever that was before I got here," He asked him decisively. He didn't recognize the two people he had found Baxter with, so he was pretty sure that Baxter didn't even know who they were. If there was one thing Teddy knew about recreational drugs, it was that it was stupid to accept some from people you had known for barely ten minutes. "I didnit have any of that one," Baxter said in a voice as shaky as his balance. Teddy's heart clenched at the same time as he gritted his teeth, "But you had something else?" "Marijanna. Morijewona, Merijer-" "Marijuana?" Teddy inquired, putting a stop to Baxter's very garbled attempts. Baxter threw out a hand and pointed his finger indistinctly, "Tha one." Teddy squeezed his eyes shut, took a deep breath, and tried to remind himself that muggle cannabis was probably better than whatever magical herbs or plants were in the other joint Baxter had almost tried. He grabbed Baxter by both shoulders, "I'm going to apparate us both now, alright?" Baxter nodded hurriedly, his head bobbing faster and faster until Teddy was worried that the motion would cause him to get nauseas. Teddy held on tight to the younger man and apparated them away. They landed in the hall outside Baxter's flat and Teddy asked Baxter if he could undo the security wards. Before Baxter was able to garble out a response that Teddy predicted would be in the negative, the front door flew wide open. On the other side of it was an anxious looking Louis Weasley who, despite the pyjamas and messy hair he was decked in, looked fairly wide-awake for before dawn on a workday. Louis's shoulders lowered as if a weight had been lifted off of them at the sight of Baxter, but the skin around his eyes tightened when he took in his cousin's disordered and drunken sate, "Where was he this time?" "Some place in Bristol," Teddy replied tersely as he dragged a suddenly quiet Baxter inside the flat he shared with Louis. Louis reached forward and literally took an almost unconscious looking Baxter off of Teddy's hands, "I can't believe he called you instead of me." "He didn't call me," Teddy said as he watched Louis shuffle an inert Baxter towards the direction of his cousin's bedroom, "I accidentally got drunk dialled." Louis frowned dejectedly and continued towards Baxter's room. Teddy knew better than to offer his help. They'd been in this situation more times than he would have liked in the last few weeks and he knew that Louis wanted to take charge of Baxter as much he could in each case. "What did he have this time?" A tired female voice asked worriedly. Teddy turned his head and belatedly realized that Cecilia Wood was in the room too. She was standing on the side of the living room closest to Louis's bedroom, and she looked just as tired as Teddy felt. In fact, in his fatigue Teddy's first thought at seeing Cecilia was to wonder what her father, Oliver Wood, would be most angry about; the fact that she had apparently snuck out of the house to spend the night at her boyfriend's flat, or the fact that she was currently wearing a Chudley Cannons t-shirt –especially since it obviously wasn't hers. "Alcohol and marijuana as far as I know," He told her. Cecilia shook her head disapprovingly, and wandered over to the kitchenette part of the open living room to fill a glass with