AN: basically I don't know if i will ever continue this, but enjoy the first chapter anyways "There once was a boy in class, He had a lot of sass, With bright blonde hair And a dramatic flair, He also had a really nice ass-" "Will Solace!" The class burst into giggles as Will's teacher stood up abruptly, glaring at Will from where he leaned casually against the whiteboard at the front of the room. He grinned cheekily at her. "Yes, Miss Fisher? Is there a problem?" he asked sarcastically, relishing in the rise in laughter from his classmates. Miss Fisher's nostrils flared as she breathed out angrily. "I will not tolerate that kind of language in my classroom. When I asked you to recite your poem, I was not expecting… that." "Personally, I quite liked my poem. And I worked really hard on it. Staying up till past midnight, y'know?" Will said, still smiling sweetly as the giggles died down, the class quieting to watch the scene in front of them. "Well, personally, I do not appreciate you using this assignment as an excuse to spread vulgar language. You must report back to this classroom after school and your punishment will be decided then." The class oohed at the teacher's curt response, and Will shrugged a little before sauntering back to his desk, unfazed. It wasn't uncommon for him to get in trouble here in there, he was just trying to spice things up considering how damn boring high school was. Especially english. This year, english was Will's least favourite subject, which was ironic considering it used to be the one he most looked forward to. When he was younger, he would always look forward to reading books and writing poetry and learning new words and everything that came along with the beautiful specimen that was the english language. But, this year, with his new stepdad confiscating his books and Andy Simmons bullying him more than usual and Miss Fisher being a stuck-up prude, english class was equivalent to hell. Speak of the devil, Will felt something hit the back of his head, and when he turned he saw a crumpled up piece of paper behind him. Sighing and, even though he knew better, he picked it up and unfolded it, reading the messy handwritten message: " Nice poem, faggot. Prepare to get your 'nice ass' kicked after school." Ah, the F word, one that Will was faced with every day. No, not fuck. Faggot. It was a shame, really, that such a word would be used as an insult so often, considering that the Oxford Dictionary defined 'faggot' as 'a ball or roll of seasoned chopped liver, baked or fried.' That sounded quite delicious, actually, but hell would freeze over before the word and the meaning were ever associated with each other again. And, if we're being completely honest, and if faggot was defined by Andy, then technically Will was one. He was gay, and it was hard to not be ashamed. It was hard to embrace who he was when it was so looked down on and he was so ridiculed for it. And it wasn't just Andy Simmons and his posse of assholes. It was Will's step-dad, too. His name was James and his douchebaggery put Andy's to shame. He was a jerk when he married Will's mum, but he was a jerk with money. And, despite what they say, money goes a long way. Will and his mother had been struggling, so when James came along flashing his hundred dollar bills, they had jumped at the chance. Well, his mother had been enthusiastic, Will was still sceptical considering his last step-dad but he was smart enough to realise that they needed the money to survive. So he toughened up and dealt with James' colourful character, he put up with everything from his requests for more beer to his meaningless yet hurtful beatings. Will went through it all while his mother stood back and collected the money she wanted, needed, and barely shared with him. He could have told someone, he could have let the bruises speak for themselves, but he didn't, because his mother loved him, surely, she had a plan and one day they would move far away from James. Well, fantasy is cool and all but the reality is that she left. By herself. One day, it was a Thursday, the second Thursday of April, Will woke up and his mother was gone. Just, gone. She packed her bags and left in the middle of the night with most of the money and without a goodbye. No explanation, no 'I'm sorry', nothing. James had been furious, of course, because "That bitch stole all my money!" Will could hardly feel or even care about the new bruises and angry scars on his body when he was wallowing in sadness. His mother, the only family he ever had, had abandoned him. She had left him alone with James, who she knew was abusive and manipulative and controlling and every goddamn negative adjective under the fucking sun. She didn't care, apparently, and now Will was alone. Not completely alone, though. There was still Sam, the closest thing Will had for a best friend since, well, since his own mother, and you can see how well that went. Will wasn't exactly unpopular, but people tended to avoid him because of multiple reasons, the most prominent probably being the target on his back placed by Andy and his crew, another being his dyslexia. It was stupid; the main reasons he didn't have friends were due to some asshole with anger issues and some quality he couldn't control. But, back to Sam. Sam Free was a quirky guy with brown hair, glasses and bright green eyes. He was enthusiastic and kind, and seemed very determined to be Will's friend, which was strange and led to Will half-heartedly avoiding him, conscious of a possible ulterior motive. It wasn't that he didn't like Sam, Will just thought it was odd how his goal appeared to be to befriend Will, despite the fact that no one else in the school would give him any reason to. Will didn't really give him a reason either. He usually kept to himself, hanging out alone at lunch, sometimes going to the music room to mess around on guitar. He didn't really talk to people much, but he was still somewhat confident; like today, for example, joking in front of the class and getting them to laugh. He wasn't afraid of being friendly from afar, but he didn't talk to people up close. Not because he didn't want to, but it seemed that people didn't want to talk to him. And he was fine with that. But Sam was persistent. Will can remember how Sam randomly approached him one day, attempting to start a conversation about the My Chemical Romance tee Will was wearing. He had made it a mission to find common interests between them while Will had stood there slightly confused and barely keeping up with the conversation. He had tried to be friendly back, but he didn't put too much effort into it. He didn't put much effort into anything these days. Sam kept coming back, bringing new conversation topics with him, and Will slowly got used to it, and now he expected it every day; Sam meeting him at his locker and talking with him until the bell went and they had to go their separate ways. They didn't have any classes together, which was kind of a shame; Will wouldn't mind some company to prevent him from being bored out of his mind. Which he was right now, sitting back at his desk with Andy's note crumpled in his fist. The clock was slowly ticking and class was almost over, and as soon as it was, Will would rush to his locker, momentarily running away from his threat. He knew he couldn't avoid Andy forever, the beating would come eventually, as promised, but maybe he could get Sam to distract him for a while until school was over and he had to be back to see Miss Fisher. That sounded like a good plan, and as the bell went, he set it into motion. Will grabbed his things and headed for the door, not even bothering to listen to Miss Fisher's shriek about homework before he was gone, walking briskly down the hallway, happy to be out before the crowds came. Students trickled out of doorways and soon Will was boxed in from all ends, pushing his way through and trying to find the current going in his direction. It was a skill, really, traversing through suffocating school hallways, and soon enough Will was at his locker. No surprises, Sam was already there, his backpack slung over his shoulders while he bounced on the balls of his feet. This was typical behaviour, and usually Will attributed it to excitement, but today it was different. Sam looked nervous, scared. He didn't have time to ponder it however, as suddenly someone shoved him and smashed his face into the wall of lockers in front of him. "Hey there, fag," a taunting voice came from behind him, and Will recognised it immediately. He sighed dejectedly as a hand held the back of his neck, pressing his face into the cool metal. "Since you got punishment after school, your beating's gonna have to wait until tomorrow. Lucky you," Andy said, and Will could hear the sneer in his voice. He didn't grace his captor with a reply, staying silent even when he could hear the laughs of the posse at his back. Andy, realising he wasn't going to get a response, gave up and stepped back, spitting one last insult his way before walking away, his friends in tow. Will brought a hand to his face and rubbed his skin, and yeah, he was going to have a bruise. Great. It's not like he didn't have enough already. Sighing, he turned to his locker and started working on the lock, not paying any mind when he felt Sam giving him a sad look. "You good?" Sam asked, and Will didn't even consider answering honestly for a second. "I'm fine." His voice was slightly hoarse and he cleared his throat, shoving around the mess in his locker until he found the books he needed, chucking in the ones he didn't. Sam didn't say anything else until his locker was closed. "So, um, do you wanna come to my house after school?" Okay, where the fuck did that come from? Did Will want to go to Sam's house? Will frowned, confused. Just because he was Will's closest friend, it didn't mean him and Sam were close by any means. They just talked at school, never outside of it. Hell, Will didn't even know Sam's number, much less where he lived. They had never discussed anything of the sort before, seeming to have come to a mutual agreement to keep things strictly on school grounds. Which was fine with Will, he wouldn't want Sam to see his shitty house anyway, but this request was just plain odd. "Um, what?" was Will's eloquent reply, and he just stood there staring as Sam's cheeks reddened in embarrassment. "Uh, I mean. Like. Do you, uh, would you maybe want to, like, um. I just thought. I'm sorry, but, I just-" Sam was stuttering, floundering for words and some kind of explanation, and Will cut him off. " Sam. Stop. Look, I'm not sure where that came from, but I can't go to your house anyway. I have to go see Fisher after school. Sorry," he said, and he was ready to offer a wave and turn away, but Sam's widening eyes stopped him. "Wait, no, you can't! You absolutely cannot go and see Miss Fisher!" Sam's voice was frantic and panicked, enough for Will to physically take a step back. "What