(Happy Halloween. This might include hints of Jercy Preco and maybe Frank x Percy . Established Pipper x Annabeth.) It was two days to Halloween and this year Chiron and Mr. D had decided to let the campers have a Halloween party. Every camper, of every age was getting ready. The Athena and Hephaestus cabins were doing decorations and a haunted house with classic Halloween scares (Leo wanted to had a real evil robot that shot candy but Annabeth vetoed that idea). The Demeter and Dionysus cabins were growing real giant Venus fly traps. The Ares Cabin were going to dress up as various Halloween villains and monsters to scare the crap out of the campers, except for Clarisse, she was going as a zombie hunter. Even Frank, Hazel and Reyna were coming to help decorate and staying for the party. Only thing left to do was get costumes. "No Percy." Jason says to the son of Poseidon. "Come on its perfect for you!" Percy says. "I am not wearing spandex!" Jason yells. Percy, Jason, Leo, Hazel, Frank, Nico, Annabeth, Piper and Reyna were in Manhattan shopping for costumes. Percy was trying to get Jason to try on a Super Man costume but Jason wasn't having it. "Aw…. What about this one?" Percy says holding up a Captain America suit with a shield. "Look! No spandex!" "Fine." Jason says taking the costume. "What are you going as?" he asks. "I'm not telling." Percy says with a cheeky smile. Jason rolled his eyes and went to join the others. Annabeth was trying on a Buffy the Vampire Slayer costume but did look like she liked it, Piper was buying a White Tiger costume, Frank was getting a Robin Hood costume, Hazel was trying on a nurse's costume, Leo had just finished paying for his Iron man suit, Nico had only bought a pair of black horns, stating he was going as a demon, but Reyna was having some trouble choosing between a knight or a ghost. "Is there anything else we need?" Annabeth asks, deciding a Sabine costume from Star Wars Rebels. "Chiron wanted us to stop by Hecate's shop on Olympus to get some spider webs and pumpkins." Frank says. "Hey Percy have you gotten your costume yet?" Leo asks. "Actually my mom helped me make mine, I just need to pick it up." Percy says. "So what are you going as Seaweed Brain?" Annabeth asks. "And merman?" "Or a pirate?" Nico suggests. "No and no." Percy says. He was kind of annoyed that they only guessed things that were related to the ocean. "The only other people who know what I'm going as are Chiron and my mom." The others sighed, knowing Percy wasn't going to tell them till Halloween night. "Yeesh, it looks like Halloween threw up in here. " Commented Reyna. Hecate's shop was filled with all sorts of creepy things, real eyes that really did follow you everywhere, giant cauldrons filled with bubbling liquid, large caskets that looked like they came out of Dracula or Dracula came out of them and pumpkins. Pumpkins everywhere of every size, shape and color. Nico found a necklace that would look perfect with his costume. He glanced over at Percy who had found a leather necklace with a strange symbol on the charm. "Ah hello Children." Hecate said coming in from the back. She was dressed as a traditional Halloween witch, with a broom, pointy hat, wand and there was even a black cat following her around. Well more than one, about 10 kittens as well, all black with green eyes. 'Percy-cats.' Nico thought laughing in his head. "We came to pick some pumpkins and spider webs for Chiron." Hazel says. "I'll get the webs, you children can pick out any pumpkins you like." Hecate says. "What about this one?" Percy asked picking up an already carved pumpkin with a creepy face. "AH! Not that ONE! That's the head of the headless horseman!" Hecate yelled. Percy dropped it and hid behind Jason. "But the Headless Horseman is a myth right?" Frank asked. "Not exactly. Take a seat, this is going to be a long story children." Hecate says. "It's was a long time ago, when the gods first came to America. Hades was going to set up the path way to the Underworld in the small town of Sleepy Hollow. One say he met a beautiful mortal woman named Elizabeth and fell deeply in love with her. They courted but as soon as Hades left, Elizabeth found out she was pregnant. When the baby came on October 31st and at a quarter to midnight villagers came to burn down her home, accusing her of witch craft. Well they weren't wrong. She was my follower after all but that's not the point. She managed to escape but died soon after. The boy was left to die but was found by an old couple who took care of him. They named him Henry after there son who died of small pox. As Henry grew he began to prank the other towns folk, putting spiders in the hair of women, putting dead snakes in boots or the occasional fart noise in the middle of church. On his birthday he would take a pumpkin, carve a face into it and scare the girl next door, not only a daughter of Demeter but one of my descendants. This went on for years until finally one day when Henry was ridding his horse she cursed him. When the 31st rolled around the curse took effect. Henry put on a pumpkin but soon when he took it off he his real head become the pumpkin. Since then he vowed revenge on all Half-Bloods, turning them into monsters to do his budding. Luckily, years later a son of Athena by the name of Ichabod Crane defeated him and gave me the head so that I would bless his marriage to my daughter. But if the head is ever exposed the light of the moon he will return and take his revenge." No one said a word for a while. "So… Only Greek demigods right?" Frank asked. Hazel slapped his arm. Percy was holding onto Nico and freaking out a little bit. Nico was enjoying it a bit to much and Jason looked jealous and so did Frank. "So… can we get our stuff please?" Jason asks. Soon everyone was putting pumpkins in a crate. Frank hid behind a large statue and jumped out at the girls and Percy. They screamed and jumped, causing Percy to bump into the table with the Headless Horseman's head on it and it fell into the crate It was finally Halloween. Everyone was busy putting decorations up and setting up activities. "Hey Connor where should we put this creepy one?" Travis asked his twin. He showed him an already carved pumpkin. "Ooo, put it by the punch bowl." Connor says. The sun was starting to set and the moon was starting to rise. "Jason you ready to get Percy?" Annabeth said knocking on the door of the Zeus cabin. Jason came out in his Captain America costume with a real shield. Annabeth was in her Sabine costume and holding Piper's hand, Frank how ever was wearing a wolf man costume instead of his Robin Hood costume. "Dude what happened to your costume?" Jason asked as they walked. "Clarisse found it and burned it." Frank deadpans. Hazel giggled, she was wearing a cute purple and black witch costume. They came to the Poseidon Cabin to find it decorated like a sunken ship. Nico, Leo and Reyna were already there. Leo was in his Iron Man suit, Reyna was wearing a knight suit but with ghost make up and Nico was wearing a cloak, black horns, the necklace from the shop and his normal black clothes. "Hey guys, where's Percy?" Frank asked. Suddenly something jumped down from the roof and landed right in front of them and hissed, showing it's bright white fangs. Everyone screamed. "Boo." It says. "PERCY?!" They screamed. Percy was wearing a tight red shirt that showed off his abs, causing Nico, Jason to swoon. A black leather jacket, black skinny jeans with silver chains and black boots. His hair was spiked up with gel and his skin was pale all over. Black make up had been applied around his eyes witch were now red instead of there usual sea green. "Oh Man you should have seen your faces!" Percy laughed. "That wasn't funny Percy!" Annabeth yelled. "Yeah you nearly gave us a heart attack! Or in my case an Arc Reactor attack." Leo says. "Dude where did you even get that?" Frank asked not taking his eyes off of Percy's abs. "My mom and I made it but the fangs I actually got when we were at Hecate's shop." He says. Soon the group was heading over to the party. The girls pulled Jason, Frank and Nico over while Percy kept walking with Leo. "Okay when are you guys going to tell him you like him?" Annabeth asks. "What do you mean?" Nico asked nervously. "We all know you three like Percy. It's all over your faces." Piper says. "I was actually planning on telling him tonight, by the lake." Jason says. "Well I was going to do it before you." Frank said. "Not if I ask him first!" Nico yells and runs off. The girls sigh as the other boys do the same. The moon finally peaked threw the clouds allowing an eerie feeling spread threw camp. Demigods were playing bobbing for apples, fighting skeletons dressed as various villains (Nico's idea, although he wasn't the one to dress up one as a clown, because that was going to far) and eating sweet treats. Even Mr. D was getting into the fun by telling kids scary (and true) stories. Percy and Leo were drinking punch by the creepy pumpkin when the others caught up to them. Percy was eating mummy fingers with blood (basically pigs in a blanket and ketchup). Nico got to Percy first and stopped right in front of him. "Percy will you go on a date with me?!" Nico asks. "No! Go out with me!" Jason and Frank yell. "Um… well I guess I have to say.." Percy said but something exploded behind them. Everyone turned to see shadows encasing the pumpkin, slowly forming a body and a black stallion. The shadows formed an old fashioned suit with a red sash and red cape. "Finally! FINALLY FREE!" A deep voice yelled from the pumpkin. Everyone grabbed a weapon or a rock and readied themselves. All except Percy who was frozen in terror. "I want thank you young Demigods. Now I can exact my revenge on those who imprisoned me! Where is Ichabod Crane?!" The horseman yelled. "Dead." Chiron said walking up to the horseman. "He's been dead for years." The pumpkin made an sneer. "Ah Chiron, my old mentor, how have you been? Still trying to protect the young I see. " The horse man says. He looked Chiron strait in the eyes. "Teaching them how to kill there superiors?" He said. He looked around and his gaze fell on Percy who hadn't moved an inch. "Hmm, a son of Poseidon eh? Not only a fine knight but perhaps a fine lover to." "Don't you dare touch him!" Jason yelled. He threw his shield at him and cut his head clean off. But slowly the grew back, causing the horseman to laugh. "You can't kill what's already dead, Son of Jupiter." He said. "I think you all need to be taught a lesson." He took out his sword and a dark energy shot out, covering the entire camp. "Tonight you shall become what you masquerade as!" He yells. A jolt of pain washed over every demigod, causing most of them to pass out. When the pain passed Frank tried to take his mask off, only to realize that