this is my second story about harry potter and his adventures in the wizarding world. I am a novice when it comes to writing, but I hope you enjoy it, please review and but if you don't like it their are plenty of better stories out there. enjoy... I do not own any rights to harry potter. Chapter one meet the girls Is Harry ready to date a girl? yes...but with the prophecy and Sirius's death hanging over him he's not so sure. Luckily it will be taken out of his hands when the girls gang up together. Multiple girlfriends and multiple lordships and even a marriage contract thrown in for a bit of fun. Will harry enjoy his sixth year at hogwarts?...yes he will, but he will also have the normal ups & downs.. Pansy Parkinson Pansy sat at her makeup table combing her hair. In the past this took a long time as it use to fall down to her lower back, but no more. It was easier now to manage a bob which she thought was perfect for the coming year. New hair, new Pansy and new life. Since the arrest of Malfoy senior at the ministry and the publishing of him being a deatheater, the betrothal contract between them both was now null and void which made her soul glow. No more 'yes Draco, no Draco', no more long hair just because he liked it, and finally she could be her true self. No more bitchy Pansy, just herself. But her face dropped at the thought of all those wrong doings because of Draco. Will she be forgiven? She hoped so. She wasn't truly evil just her words hurt a lot of people but mainly just one, the one she had loved as girl growing up and to this day her heart broke every time she saw him struggle through all his woes at school. Her boy truly was a trouble magnet. She headed downstairs with a song in her heart and joy on her face. No more Draco pawing at her trying to get her to do things that the contract clearly stated as being a no go area before the wedding night. "Thank you Mrs Malfoy" she thought, as it was her who wrote the contract, and as Pansy knew Narcissa was an unhappy woman stuck in a loveless marriage with a soulless husband and son. So when it came to the contract she had added so many clauses in it for Draco to follow that it was just a matter of time before he broke the signed agreement, but when she had discussed it one night with Narcissa at a party they were both surprised it had lasted as long as it did. "Don't worry dear" Narcissa said, patting the young girls arm, "it's in the Malfoy genes to mess up even the simplest of things" making both of them chuckle. "Don't get me wrong I love Draco, but he has now become his father's son, which I sorely didn't want to happen. Just take a deep breath Pansy and wait. The contract will be broken I can promise you that" with a smile on her face. On the day it happened she received two letters. One from Gringotts telling her about the voiding of the contract, which she saw Draco had received at the same time and to her amusement it made him throw his breakfast at her and storm out. The second was from Narcissa and all it said was " finally, you're free x", which just made her cry with happiness. "Morning Mum, Dad" she shouted as the entered the family's kitchen, to see Her Mum,as ever cooking and her dad pawing over yesterdays events in the paper. Both turned to smile at her. "Morning luv" they chorused beaming at their now happy daughter . "No more contracts in the post then" Pansy said with a hint of venom. She still hadn't forgiven her father for giving her to the Malfoys, all in the name of business. Her mother turned round and looked at her crestfallen husband and then her daughter "now now Pansy, play nicely. What is done is done ,it's over and it won't happen again" her mother said almost pleadingly. Pansy held up her hands up "ok ok, I'm sorry Daddy" she said, giving him a kiss on his cheek. "I'm just playing so you don't forget about me while I'm at school" and she took her place at the breakfast table, watching her mother turn around whilst shaking her head noticing a small tear running down her father's cheek. This made Pansy get up and give him a hug and whisper in his ear "I forgive you Daddy, and I love you. I understand that you had no choice, but don't ever do that again,ok?". With that he nodded while returning her a big hug. "I'm sorry Pan Pan. But at least you can still have a chance of finding the man of your dreams" he whispered back. Pansy pulled away and gave him a big warm smile "silly Daddy" she said, blowing him a kiss. "I've known all along who I love and want to marry. I just hope he can forgive me after all these years" she said as her look darkened. "I've got a lot of bridges to mend this year Dad and they won't be easy". She then took a sip of her tea while staring into nothingness. "Who is this man Princess?" he asked, which peaked his wife's interest as well. She turned her tear filled eyes towards them "why Harry Potter of course" she said calmly. Millicent Buldstrode (Milly) Milly had just finished packing her trunk with everything she needed for the year and for once most of the clothes were new and fairly fashionable. Her family weren't rich like her friends as her ancestors had liked to gamble way too much, so her family had struggled. This meant that she had cheap or hand me down clothes and though her friends never made fun of her, she always felt like the ugly sister of their group. It helped that she was born with her mother's face, but on the down side she had her dad's build, so she was pretty but always taller than most people in her year, including the boys. Also she was stocky and broad and she felt that her boobs had started growing in the womb, and they haven't stopped growing yet! But this summer things had happened. For once she wasn't any taller and her curves had finally come in, along with her bum. Also thanks to her running, her tummy had tightened and legs had trimmed and toned. "Milly, you've finally come good" she sighed as she smiled into her mirror and gave herself a appraising look up and down. "MILLY" came her Mum's voice from outside the door. "Yes Mum, I'm nearly ready, you can come in if you like" she replied, and then chuckled at her Mum who was always wanting to give her daughter her own space and not burst in, especially after the incident at the start of the summer. Just the thought of it made Milly blush deep red. She had just woken up after a steamy dream and couldn't stop thinking about him, so she took care of the issue herself, which only became a problem when she shouted out his name at the end, making her Mum rush in and then straight out again red faced. Her mum entered Milly's room slowly and saw her daughter looking into the mirror "oh Milly, don't you look beautiful" she gushed. "Thanks Mum" she said pulling her small Mum into her tightly. Mrs Bulstrode pulled away gasping for air after having her face pulled into her daughter's large boobs. "God mills, you need to put a hazard warning on those, I could've died" she said with a chuckle. Milly barked out a laugh "you can hardly talk, they come from you anyway. Unfortunately I have dad's man hands" she said waving them about, which made them both fall about laughing. "Milly my darling, you'll have boys just eating out of your hands this year, trust me" she said lovingly. "Oh Mum, there's only one boy for me I'm afraid" Milly said with a big sigh. "Harry?" her Mum asked. Millicent look shocked "how how did you know Mum, have you been reading my diary?" she shit back, standing over her mother who was smiling brightly even though her cheeks were getting redder by the minute. Her mother just shook her head and got up and walked through the door, but just as she was going to close the door she just turned and looked at her daughter and with a smile on her face she said "it was the name you called out that time. We'll be leaving for the Hogwarts train in five minutes" and closed the door, leaving a totally stunned and embarrassed daughter. Daphne Greengrass Daphne, the so called 'Ice queen of Slytherin', with her younger sister Astoria were walking down platform 9 ¾ with their luggage in tow, and her little sister was being nothing but a pain. "So when are you going to ask him Daph" Astoria begged. Daphne playfully slapped her "I don't know why I even told you. It's not that easy Stori. We're in different houses, and we've never spoken" she said while dragging her trunk aboard then helping the her sister as well. "Yes it is easy, you're both single, you're gorgeous and he's a hunk with scar's. What the problem?" her sister said loudly. "Will you keep it down. I'll ask him in my own time, you got it?" Daphne said poking her finger at her younger sibling. Astoria put her hands on her hips and shook her head "we'll you better hurry up sis, you're not the only one looking at Mr Hunk. You're going to have competition" she said and with a flick of her hair she walked off to find her friend, causing havoc behind her as she dragged her trunk. But as a parting shot she quickly turned back to her sister with a grin "maybe he likes someone younger, maybe I'll give the chosen one something to smile about" and with a wink she disappeared. Daphne sank into her seat and shook her head. "She can't be right, only the Chang girl and Weasley seemed to be her competition, and that Chang had messed it up last year. So just the Weasley girl to out do, and the rumor is she that was dating Dean Thomas. So no trouble there. He will be mine" she said to herself and with a grin she whispered "Mrs Daphne Anne Potter,perfect". Tracey Davis "Tracey, Tracey" came her mother's voice from downstairs. "TRACEY!" followed by loud bangs on her bedroom door. "Wha,who,what" came a muffled voice from the mess which is known as Tracey's bed. Amanda Davis came stomping into her daughter's bedroom. "Will you get your arse up, it's nearly time to leave" she shouted, while pulling at her daughter's uncovered leg. "Five more minutes mom" said the mass of blonde hair. "How the hell do you even make it to classes at Hogwarts" she shouted. Tracey made an asserted effort and lifted her head up. While unsticking one eye she smiled explaining "I have Daphne, Milly and Pansy to thank for that, they are my alarm clock" and with that she let her head drop back into her mass of pillows, "now leave me be, I was having a lovely dream" she sighed. "Well Harry Potter will have to wait for another time. Get your arse out of bed you lazy cow" she shouted and sent a stinging hex at her daughter's arse. "OW,shit mom!" Tracey shrieked while hopping around the room "and how do you know I was dreaming about him anyway?" she asked while