Disclaimer: I don't own PJO/HOO or any of the characters. Annabeth always imagined that falling in love would be something that happened to her gradually. You know, where you know someone for a long time and then it slowly becomes something more, and each day makes things more complicated because your feelings keep growing but you don't say anything for fear of ruining the friendship. Eventually everything turns out well when one of you cracks and you both realize the feelings were mutual all along. So obviously, that wasn't how it happened for her. Her group of friends was fairly tight knit and exclusive, everyone knew everyone else and they almost always hung out together, in small groups. It was common for Annabeth to arrive back at her dorm room to a big group hanging out, but she'd know everyone that was there. That was why she couldn't hide the surprised look on her face when she opened the door to her room after class one Wednesday after classes to find the TV blaring with some video game on screen, being played by her roommate Piper and a guy she didn't know at all. Piper, the great friend that she was, barely spared Annabeth a glance before focussing back on the screen, where Annabeth assumed she'd just been killed by the boy, when he fist-pumped the air and taunted her about it. Without looking away again, Piper gave her a quick hello and a rundown. "Hey, so, I was hanging out with Jason, "she began, eliciting a slight smirk from Annabeth when Jason was mentioned, because him and Piper were still in the awkward blushing stage of their new relationship and Annabeth had to resist so many urges to tease her about how adorable they were around each other. "He mentioned his cousins who are around and mentioned Percy, who happened to show up to the dorm at the exact same time." She gestured quickly to the boy beside her, now known as Percy, before gripping the controller again and mashing one of the buttons furiously. Percy laughed at her frustration, ignoring the conversation completely, it seemed. "We talked a bunch and Jason mentioned how he was great at shooter games, and I told him that I owned Destiny and he totally challenged me acting all superior and stuff, as if he'd beat me when he's never even played it before" she scoffed, and Annabeth could easily visualize Piper's eyes rolling. Annabeth glanced at the scores on screen, and noting how lopsided they were, grinned slyly. "So does that mean you're beating his ass into the grass, Piper?" she asked teasingly. To Annabeth's surprise, the boy snorted loudly and turned, completely ignoring the game as if he had nothing to worry about on screen. Judging by the scores… he was justified. "Please," he spoke, revealing bright green eyes now that he was facing Annabeth, "We've played like four rounds and she still hasn't gotten close to beating me." He then turned and went back to playing, Annabeth decided to put her things away and then observe them play, as she had nothing better to do right now, in all honesty. It was only a minute or two before Percy raised his arms triumphantly, celebrating what was apparently his fifth victory. He turned towards Annabeth suddenly, ignoring Piper's cries for a rematch, and grinned crookedly. "Want to go get something to eat, like, anywhere but in this dorm? I need an excuse to not play anymore" he asked, rubbing his neck. Annabeth was at a loss for words at the offer, she lacked any clue of how to respond. Logic said no, since she didn't know him at all, and he hadn't even properly introduced himself, but looking at his earnest expression right now, and the fact that he seemed nervous, for some reason convinced her to go against logic and take a small chance on it. "Sure, I'd hate to leave you here with Piper." she mock whispered, "She can get overbearing." Piper was too stunned by the fact that Annabeth had said yes to even protest the accusation, she simply stared at her with a gaping mouth and wide eyes. Annabeth wasn't the most social of girls, even in the best times. This was an unheard of situation. Percy, however, took the joke in stride and came back with a mock whisper of his own, "I know, Jason told me so" Piper's head shot to him, and her expression turned sinister, "Please excuse me, I think I need to go have a chat with your cousin." She informed Percy, before striding out of the room and slamming the door. Annabeth burst out laughing, "Did Jason actually say anything? Cause he's about to die for it" In response, Percy just smirked, "Not even a word. All I ever hear from him is how amazing she is" he mock fainted, dramatically putting a hand to his forehead. A thought occurred to her, and she was curious as to why it made her feel so disappointed, "So I guess you don't need that excuse to get away from Piper anymore…" she noted, insinuating that he didn't need to go out to lunch with her. To her surprise and apparently delight, Percy just smiled kindly, "I still want to go eat somewhere." He joked, reaching to the door and opening it, he stood by waiting instead of leaving on his own, "Just because it started as an excuse doesn't mean I don't still want to go with you. Now come on, I'm starving!" Slowly, Annabeth let a smile cross her face, and grabbed her bag off of her bed, heading out the door with Percy on her heels. "Where are we going then, Percy?" she realized they didn't even know each other's last names, but that could be dealt with later. They ended up at a small diner just off campus that was about the size of Annabeth's dorm room. Maybe smaller. "This place is pretty cozy" she laughed, glancing around as they slid into a corner booth. Percy had been adamant about sitting there because 'its way comfier than the chairs, trust me'. Of course she knew it was comfier, but booths were usually for people on dates, and Annabeth wasn't sure if that was what their outing was. Percy leaned his head back, making himself at home in his part of the booth before answering. "Barely anyone goes here, but the food is good and cheap. It's my favourite hangout near the University." They both ordered, and Annabeth took the time to get to know Percy a little better. "So, what caused the sudden decision to have dinner with a stranger?" she prompted, looking intently at him. He smiled a little sheepishly, shrugging and lacing his fingers together on the table. "You just seemed interesting, and I like to take chances on things, life is full of missed opportunities and sometimes, the littlest decision not to do something spontaneous can rob you of a great opportunity." Annabeth's perspective of Percy shifted at that moment. He'd seemed like such a goofy guy, not really dumb, but she hadn't been expecting a statement like that. Now, he seemed like someone with a lot more going on inside than anyone ever gave them credit for. "Are you a Philosopher or something?" she asked, smiling. "That was pretty insightful for a guy whose biggest revealed talent so far is video games" Unfazed, Percy replied in an obvious tone, "I'm doing a minor in Philosophy, so I'd hope I come across as insightful once in a while" He shot her a silly grin, and Annabeth may have felt herself blush a little bit. "What's your major then?" she asked, moving on. She actually felt genuinely interested in the answer. She wanted to know more about him, a lot more, and he was so different from everyone else that she couldn't even guess what the answer might've been. He was too full of surprises. "Oh, Marine Biology. I almost went with a History major to become a teacher, but it seems like a way more interesting field for job choices with Marine Biology. Besides, the water's like a second home to me, I couldn't turn the option down." He said, with a joyful look in his eyes, "What about you?" Annabeth laughed a little before replying, "I had the same sort of decision making problem, but I sort of couldn't decide. I ended up going into a double major. Architecture and Greek History" Percy's hands slammed onto the table as he jolted forward, making Annabeth jump back from him in surprise, "No way, Greek History was the major I would have taken!" he exclaimed, and Annabeth gaped at him for a moment. "You like Greek History?" she asked incredulously, to which Percy replied with a snort and a nod, "It's the only class I never got below a 90 in when I took it in High School. I was top of the class" Grinning, Annabeth raised her hand childishly for a high five as she said "Same", and Percy returned the gesture without any hesitation. For some reason, he was bringing out the child in her, who worried less about school and more about having fun. Annabeth couldn't say she didn't like it. Her insides were churning around, but it was a pleasant feeling. Not like the nervous pit you get in your stomach before finals, but the euphoric feelings experienced riding a roller coaster. "So," Percy continued, breaking her out of her reverie, "Architecture, huh?" Annabeth nodded quickly, smiling timidly, "Yea, always loved the idea of building monuments that could stand for thousands of years. It's like when you see the Parthenon, when I see it, I can't help but think about how I want to make something important like that." Grinning, Percy lifted his fork and pointed it at her humorously, "Correct answer, I like that." She was sure that he'd meant it in a totally general way, but her cheeks tinted pink regardless, and she glanced down at her hands on the table for a smidgen of a second before looking back up, "What do you mean, correct answer? It was a personal question." She stated, raising an eyebrow interrogatingly. Percy had a little smile on his face, "Yea, but most people would answer about how they were good at math and angles so they became architects. Stuff like that." He pointed with the fork again, "You chose your major because it obviously interests you and means something to you." He grinned, looking up as the waitress set their plates down before them. After she'd walked away, he settled his gaze back on Annabeth, "In my book, that's the right answer." She smiled back, "Are you sure Philosophy isn't your major, Percy?" He shook his head, making a disgusted sound, "No way, the Major program would have me reading more philosophy books than the Minor does by miles, I like the application and discussion of theories and being able to look at life from a bigger perspective, I don't want to read all the boring junk people think you need to know to be a philosopher." He explained, "For example, have you ever read the book Sophie's World?" She shook her head, "Good, never touch it, just so much no when I had to read that in my Twelfth grade Philosophy course" She nodded, emulating his level of seriousness, "So if you hate that part so much, why take a minor in it at all?" he shrugged, "I didn't want the full load of a major, the minor program is supposed to be light on literature and just explain different philosophical perspectives in a normal lecture way. I can handle that." Annabeth smiled, "Honestly when I first saw you, I had figured you wouldn't be the type who can handle any sort of schooling." He chuckled, "Get that a lot, they all think I'm