Percy I stared in shock at Hera, "Why not?" "Because, you deserve much more than to die at a god's hand, to die when you're so broken, especially all because of Annabelle!" Hera hissed. "I wish for death," I said, "Anna-'She' cheated on me with Will Solace...I can't believe I was going to propose..." "I refuse to give you death," Hera placed a hand on my head, "however, I will make you the champion of Olympus, and I only wish...to be a mother to you." I looked up at her, Hera to replace Poseidon, the sorry excuse of a father who disowned me, shortly before Annabeth cheated on me...while I was performing a quest to gain her hand in marriage, so things have pretty much gone downhill. "I...accept," I said. I felt power surge through me, making my blood boil, I looked up at her gratefully, "Thank you." "Perseus Achilles Jackson, I wish for you to join the ranks of my army, I'm Lord Chaos, do you accept?" I heard a voice. "Yes," I said, "I accept." (FIVE YEARS LATER) Artemis "There's a mysterious boy with silver hair and red eyes running around saving our children, and bringing girls from abusive homes to the hunt," father (Zeus) said. "Well, this boy actually has some honor, the first time I saw a boy with honor was Percy," I said. Poseidon looked down, his eyes full of pain and sadness, "He was the son I could only dream of having." "Hestia, can you locate him for us?" Father asked. "Why does this matter so much?" Hera asked. "Because, he seems too powerful, I want to see where his loyalties lie," Father said. "The hunt can watch him," I said, "the girls aren't afraid to put an arrow through this boy's eye." (I just watched the walking dead and saw Denise get killed by an arrow through the eye, so...yeah) "If he seems to be loyal, then it is fine, I will allow him to guard the hunt, if he isn't loyal, we kill him here," Father said. Suddenly, a huge ring of fire appeared in the middle of Olympus, a boy who looked about 24 grinning wildly, talking to a young girl, "So what do you say?" "Sure, I've been itching to go out into the woods," the girl said, pulling out a bow. "Th-that's Bianca di Angelo!" I said shocked. "Perce!" Yet another boy called. "I told you to stop calling me that, Luke," the boy chuckled. "Those two are Perseus Jackson and Luke Castellian!" Ares growled. "But if Percy is hanging around dead people, that means..." Aphrodite stopped. "No...they are in the Chaos Army, don't you see the cloaks and masks they're holding?" Apollo asked. "But Percy doesn't have white hair or red eyes," Hades pointed out. "So that means...he's either not the one we're looking for...or the boy tricked us," Ares stated. "Wait, Percy bears the blessing of Olympus and Chaos, so it could be him," Hestia suggested. "Or there's a totally different person named Percy," Demeter said. "Besides, Percy Jackson was broken, all because of my daughter," Athena said, disgust blatant in her voice. I stared at the boy, 'It could be Percy, or it could be a trick, either way...I need to hunt him down,' I thought. "Artemis, I'm sending you to find him, track down and bring this boy to Olympus," Father said. Just like that, I went to search for the boy, starting in the forest. (Percy) I knew the gods were looking for me, but Hera told it was about time I let them figure me out, so Bianca, Luke, and I went into the forest, we came across a Sasuke hesitated, before finally giving in, "Fine." I became Sasuke's friend, but it took a while for me to finally accept the Uchiha, and when I wasn't saving Sasuke from fan girls and hanging out with him, I was hanging out with Naruto., it was a spot we liked to hang out occasionally, I took of most of my clothes, and jumped in, Bianca shook her head and chuckled, sitting on the dock with her feet dipped in the lake. Luke was in the lowest branch of a willow tree, I chuckled, "What's wrong Lukey? Too scared to jump in?" I climbed up on the dock next to Bianca, we all started to joke around, and without warning I pushed Bianca in, jumping after her, "Percy!" Bianca squealed. "As much as I'd love to be pulled into the lake, I gotta go, I promised Beckendorf I'd help him with a death warrant," Luke said, vanishing into thin air. I held Bianca's waist, trying to keep her floating, since she can't really swim too well, she looked up at me, and leaned into me, kissing me. We slowly pulled away, "B-Bianca?" "Percy, this was really fun, but I gotta go," Bianca said softly, "and just so you know...that kiss was a one time thing." "Uh, yeah sure," I said. I still left myself undisguised, same black hair and green eyes, I decided to watch the now setting sun, the sun showing my scars, the words once cut into my skin. (Artemis) I didn't see a white haired boy, but a boy with messy black hair in the river, shirtless, he was breathless, nice muscled body, then I saw all the scars, I almost gasped when I saw the words heartless, liar, murderer, and a few others carved into his skin, I leaned in slightly, when I saw beautiful sea green eyes as he turned, "I know you've been looking for me, Artemis." "Perseus, I've been told to bring you in," I said. Percy looked at me with a tired expression, "I know, so Zeus can see where my loyalties lie...I know the drill, so let's get it over with." That bright smile, and friendliness was gone, replaced by pain, he was a different person all together without his friends, I stared at him, "Perseus, I-" "Stop calling me that!" Percy barked, "I just want to get this the hell over with, if I'm lucky I'll be allowed to live in peace with my friends, instead of being reminded of my past." "Percy, I won't let them kill you, and I truly apologize for all the pain, and suffering you've been through," I said. "Artemis apologizing to a male," Percy scoffed, "that's a first." Percy got dressed, and started walking. "Percy, you are the last worthy man, I am willing to sympathize and apologize to you," I said. "You shouldn't be apologizing for something you're not sorry for, the gods don't care, but...yet here I am, staying true to my fatal flaw, because life is a bitch," Percy vented. "You must believe me, gods aren't in control of this stuff, the fates are cruel, I can honestly say I share some feelings for you, not feelings of hate, but I feel as if you're one of my own hunters," I said. "You know what, fates are cruel, I wouldn't be like this if gods learned to keep in their own pants, I would've been living a normal life with my normal mother, but I can't do that, because she's dead, the only family I've known for the past five years are those in my army!" Percy yelled, tears filling his eyes. Percy fell to his knees, tears fell to the ground, I stared in shock, the most respectable, strongest man I've ever met was crying, feeling so alone, broken, and helpless. I shocked both of us by hugging him, "Percy, I understand, and I truly am sorry." After a bit of letting him finally release all the pent up feelings that had swelled over five years, we started to walk. It wasn't long before we got there, I walked over to my throne, Percy knelt down, I didn't realize he didn't bother to transform, his eyes flickered red once, before he stared at the hearth by Hestia. "Perseus Jackson, how dare you hurt my daughter!?" Athena immediately hissed. Percy looked up, his eyes flashing dangerously, "Is that what she told you!? Your daughter is a lying ass, cheating, bitch! I tried so hard to gain her hand in marriage and I find her fucking Will Solace! So, unless you're planning on paying a little more attention to your children, why don't you just FUCK THE HELL OFF!" The hearth's fire grew bigger, it's flames roaring to life, Percy's eyes turned blood red and his hair white, just like the boy, he let his power die down before glaring dangerously at Athena. Aphrodite watched Percy, tears flowing from her eyes, "Percy, I'm so sorry," her tears suddenly stopped as she glared at Athena, "next time you listen to your daughter's sob story, check in with me, Percy was so faithful to her, and she betrayed him!" "Enough!" Zeus thundered (Cuz that's never been used before :P) "All in favor of killing him raise your hands," Zeus said. "You are not killing my son!" Poseidon and Hera shouted. "Your son?" Zeus asked Hera. "I adopted him," Hera stated smugly. "Why the hell are you calling me your son!?" Percy growled at Poseidon, "last time I checked you supposedly disowned me, acting like if you were there to begin with!" "I apologize, Percy, you are, and always will be my favorite child," Poseidon said, "I never should've said what I said." "Bullshit! I'm definitely calling bullshit on that, you don't disown your favorite son, an as I've said before, gods aren't sorry!" Percy hissed. Poseidon placed his hand on Percy's head, "I very deeply apologize, I swear on the Styx I meant every word." The vote took place and only Athena, Zeus, and Ares wanted to kill Percy, so that meant he would stay with me, after he was given a blessing by each of the gods. Aphrodite squealed, "Me first!" "No! I don't need, nor want that!" Percy said. "Too bad," Aphrodite beamed, snapping her fingers. All the goddesses were drooling at Percy's appearance, even Athena, then I noticed, I was staring at him, I remembered him without his shirt, 'fuck...he was already hot before...wait, what am I thinking!?' Then there was Hestia, then Hephaestus, then Apollo, Hades, Zeus, Hera, Dionysus, Athena, Demeter, me, Ares, Hermes, and Poseidon, who gave him control over any liquid, and a new sword, signifying he was the prince, and next heir to the sea. Percy's eyes shifted into multiple colors before becoming sea green again, he looked up at Zeus, "Perseus, you will travel with the hunt, you will be allowed to visit your army and Olympus anytime." "I must tell them," Percy said, meeting my gaze, "please, don't tell your hunters my name, make one up if necessary." "Okay, we will be in Central Park," I said. Percy disappeared from view. Percy I explained to my army what happened, and Silena spoke first, "Okay, but we should tell you, in three years, the Chaos Army, and the hunt will have to meet in CHB, no arguments, and no exceptions." "My life just gets better and better," I sighed. I teleported to Central Park, my mask and hood on, my red eyes and strands of white hair showing. I transformed into a lion, walking over to Artemis, I nuzzled her hand and she stroked my ears softly. I changed back into a white haired, red eyed human, mask and all still present, "My name is Omega, but call me whatever suits you." "Okay, fuzz ball," Thalia smirked. I almost answered with, 'Good to see ya, pine cone face.' But stopped myself in time. "I guess that works," I frowned. Artemis chuckled, "Anyway, let's go." As I was about to walk someone tripped me, but I just got up and continued to walk. (ONE YEAR LATER) The pranks, and taunts just kept getting worse, the younger hunters and Thalia warmed up to me, along with Artemis, but there were several older girls who