Story 1: Harry/Fleur & Neville Travel to AU A/N: As the story description explains, this is just going to be a place for me to dump story ideas I have chosen not to continue. I may come back and pick some of these up eventually but as of right now, I do post them here, I probably am not going to. If find something you like and want to adopt it, please leave me a review or send me a PM. Thanks. This following story was the beginnings of my attempt at a post-war Harry fic where he travels to AU where he is dead and his parents are alive. It was also going to be a Harry/Fleur and Neville came along as well. The kitchen of Number 12 Grimmauld Place was filled with a low murmuring as people began to gather for the latest meeting of the Order of the Phoenix. Most people were in high spirits after successfully repelling the last major attack from the Death Eaters. That's why the meeting had been called, to do a debrief of the day's events. Any victory, however minor, was a cause for celebration nowadays, because, the truth was, they were losing the war. Slowly but surely, they were losing fighters, and yet the Death Eaters ranks only seemed to grow in size, as Voldemort started recruiting from out of country. Despite the joyous attitude, there were some present, who were not partaking in the festivities. It was easy for all to see, that even years later, coming back to this house brought up a lot of bad memories for the Potters. It was common knowledge now, that seventeen years earlier, a prophecy had been made, foretelling the defeat of the defeat of the Dark Lord by one of two boys born at the end of July. This is what had caused the Potters to go into hiding, and with enchantments laid by the great Albus Dumbledore, they were initially successful. For around a year, they were able to hide without problem, but that all changed on that infamous Halloween night. James and Lily Potter had decided to go out on a long needed date night, being trapped in their home for so long causing a strain on them all, leaving their one year old son, Harry, to be looked after by his godfather Sirius Black. To the young parents dismay, it was that night that their other old friend, Peter Pettigrew, secret keeper of their location, betrayed them. Lord Voldemort, acting swiftly on the new information blasted his way into the previously hidden cottage, swiftly killing the child and his godfather who tried to protect him. As James and Lily returned later that night, they were met with the sight of their home in flames, only to find out minutes later that their son and best friend were dead. The Longbottoms were next. Some say their story was even more tragic. Voldemort, encouraged by his success assaulted their manor, overloading their wards with brute strength. He had let his Death Eaters loose after that. Some heading into the manor itself, others staying back to block the reinforcements from the Order. By the time Voldemort made it up himself, he found the two Aurors being held under Bellatrix Lestrange's cruciatus curse, surrounded by bodies of the Death Eaters they'd managed to take out. Frank had told them later, that it was the Dark Lord himself that stopped his insane follower from torturing them into insanity, instead, he forced them to watching as he murdered their son. He left them there, alive, to pass on what they'd seen to others. Lily Potter shuddered as she tried to pull herself out of these thoughts. Sirius had willed the house to the Order, and thus it was still used, but everytime she saw it, it reminded her of what she'd lost. She barely came to meetings now a days. After becoming pregnant again, and having her daughter, Ashley, she had decided to stay at home, instead of risking herself on missions for Dumbledore. She loved her daughter extremely, and her birth had helped her and James to heal, though nothing would ever completely fill the hole left by her baby boy. The room quieted as Dumbledore let off a couple blasts from his wand, "Welcome everyone. Let's begin the meeting. We have lots to talk about today. As many of you know from being there in person, we were successfully able to-" Dumbledore suddenly stopped talking, eyes fixed on the centre of the room. Lily noticed what he was sensing barely a second later. The air in the middle of the room seemed to be rippling. The closest thing she could think of to describe it would be a heat mirage, often scene on the highway in the summer. Despite all the possibilities for magical transportations, the Potters had a car, even if had taken a while for her to convince James of the benefits of owning one. Dumbledore had his hand stretched out as if feeling the air before him. She was pretty certain that he was actually reaching out to feel the magic around him. It's something she knew only very skilled Wizards and Witches could accomplish. She herself, after much practice over the years could sense enchantments to a certain extent. She was nowhere near the same level as the Hogwarts Headmaster though, if he could even be called that now, Voldemort having taken the castle the previous year. "Albus, what's going on?" Minerva McGonagall asked worriedly from his side, leaning heavily on a cane, still not fully recovered from her injury at the battle of Hogwarts. Dumbledore's brows were furrowed, "I don't know. It appears as if some kind of portal is trying to open. As if someone is trying to travel into the room." "Death Eaters!" The imposing form of Frank Longbottom spat. "They must have broken the enchantments. We need to evacuate!" "Don't be daft Frank! It's under the Fidelius Charm with Dumbledore as the secret keeper! Nothing could pierce those wards." Someone else spoke up from the crowd. "Unless a new Lord Black has finally been chosen. They could strip the wards off the house. Do you think the family ring finally accepted Draco Malfoy? All our prior intelligence shows that it rejected him. Severus said the last time they were at Gringotts and tried to force it, it left the boy unconscious for a week." Nymphadora Tonks, metamorphus and aura said. "What do you think Albus?" The ancient wizard in question now had his wand out, and pointed at the magical anomaly that was occurring in front of them. He didn't answer. Suddenly, there was a great flash of light, as a wave of pure magic rolled outwards sending people staggeringbackwards. Grabbing onto her husband's arm for support, Lily Potter blinked her eyes, attempting to clear the spots from her eyes. As her vision came back into focus she was faced with the sight of three new, semi-familiar, people in the room. One of them spoke, "Holy shit! It actually worked!" Harry Potter, also known as the Boy-Who-Lived, the Chosen One, Defeater of Voldemort, etc… sighed in relief as he finished inscribing the last rune on the kitchen floor of Number 12 Grimmauld Place. He'd never taken runes while at Hogwarts, something he'd come to regret over the last year, but luckily for him all he had to do was copy down exactly what was in the book in front of him. "Are you sure this going to work Harry?" Neville Longbottom, friend, and former roommate asked. "You do know what you're doing right?" "I already told you, all the instructions in the book. I don't really understand the theory behind it at all, but neither did Fleur." The woman in question interjected at this point, "I did understand parts of it. I could piece together some of the rune clusters, and what their functions are, but any of runes to deal with the distortion of space and time were beyond me. An unspeakable might have a better chance but I doubt they would understand it all either." "So how do we know we can trust it?" "The book appeared to me after uniting all the Hallows. I think has to do with the legends of becoming the Master of Death. I don't think we're meant to understand it. Trust me, I only skimmed through the book before I found this ritual, some of the other stuff I saw was pretty disturbing." "Like that makes me feel any better about this," Neville muttered, but he didn't complain anymore. Like Harry, the potential rewards of this working as described were too great not to ignore. It had been several months since the final battle, where Harry had finally succeeded in killing the self styled Lord Voldemort. This all culminated after what Harry referred to as the year in hell, camping around the United Kingdom searching Horcruxes, magical constructs holding pieces of Voldemort's soul that just happened to tether him to life. Now that the war was over, and for the first time in his life Harry was free, he should have felt happy, but that was impossible after the price that had been paid to achieve this victory. His parents had been murdered when he was one years old, his godfather when he was fifteen, his Headmaster and grandfather-like figure, Albus Dumbledore, had died when he was sixteen, and now almost everyone else was gone after that merlin-forsaken battle. The last remaining link to his family, Remus Lupin, and his new wife Tonks were killed as well. Even most of the teachers had perished, trying their best to protect the students, futile effort though it ended up being. Only Flitwick remained now, working hard as the new Headmaster, attempting to keep the school open. His surrogate Family, the Weasleys, were all dead except for Arthur and Ginny who had both survived the battle, and the second oldest son, Charlie, who had been in Romania at the time. The twins, Percy, and Ron, his best mate all through Hogwarts, had died when a giant had smashed their fist through one of the Hogwarts walls. Harry and Hermione, his other best friend, had only survived because they'd stood back to allow the brothers a moment of privacy for their quick reunion. Molly Weasley had died taking a curse for her youngest child. The hardest hits were the ones who had died a few days after the battle, when everything was supposed to be safe. Both Hermione and Luna had been killed by the handful of Death Eaters who had evaded capture, just because they were known to be close to Harry. Bill Weasley had actually been the first casualty of the Weasley family in the war. He had asked Fleur, his colleague, out a date, though she'd confided in Harry later she had been unsure if she had even been interested in him in that way. Nevertheless she had agreed to a single date to see where it went. Alas, it was not meant to be, as the Death Eaters had chosen the same day to attack Diagon Alley. The only reason Fleur hadn't died herself is that Bill had pushed her out of the way of the incoming killing curse that he took instead. Fleur had devoted all her time to the Order after that. Even if she was unsure of her feelings towards her former coworker, she was not going to let his sacrifice be in vain. That's when Harry had first begun to really admire the french witch. She remained, and fought even when most of the Weasley family blamed her for Bill's death. It was around that time Harry and her had really started to connect. He obviously knew her from the Tri-Wizard Tournament though they'd never interacted much at the time. Her initial obnoxious attitude towards him had grated against his nerves, even if,