Summary: There are very few characters that manage to emerge from war unscathed. Too bad Legolas Greenleaf isn't one of them. A devastating encounter with one of the Nazgûl during the Battle of the Black Gate leaves him scarred on all levels, physical and otherwise. In the following years, will the Elf be able to pull himself out of this darkness? Disclaimer: I, Raven Nightstrider, fanfiction author, am in no way affiliated with J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien Enterprises or any of the publishing companies for the Lord of the Rings trilogy. I do not have their permission to write this fiction based on Professor Tolkien's work; nor do I claim ownership rights to any of his characters and creations. This fanfiction was written purely for creative expression and for others to enjoy. Liner notes: ::Predominantly Alternate Universe in later chapters ::Takes place during and post- Return of the King ::Contains very little romance, canon only; no slash ::Six chapters planned ::Chiefly bookverse; includes some movieverse Warnings: ::Violence/Blood ::Heavy angst ::Self-destructive behaviours Redleaf by Raven Nightstrider Part One: Black The wind blew, and the trumpets sang, and arrows whined; but the sun now climbing towards the South was veiled in the reeks of Mordor, and through a threatening haze it gleamed, remote, a sullen red, as if it were the ending of the day, or the end maybe of all the world of light. And out of the gathering mirk the Nazgûl came with their cold voices crying out words of death; and then all hope was quenched. —J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King : "The Black Gate Opens" Crude orc arrows shrieked through the stifling air of the Morannon around him, the keening of their flight so dissimilar to the hiss of the true bolts crafted in his homeland. His every sense was assaulted with evil: the stench of the foul quagmires before him; the grating jeers and yells of the orcs; the unholy roars of great scaly trolls as they slogged their way up to meet the Host of the West, flinging and smashing away all unfortunates within their reach with huge warhammers. Had it not been for the keen hearing gifted to all the Firstborn, the cacophony of Sauron's vassals would have drowned out the ringing, rousing din of his allies. He clung to them to maintain his sanity: the whinnies and screams of nearly six thousand horses as they reared in anticipation of war, his own not the least. The blare of many hundreds of trumpets. The hoarse bellow loosed by the sturdy, diminutive warrior at his back. The rousing ancient war cry of the Ranger turned King. The shout of the aged yet powerful Maia accompanied by a burst of blinding white light. He could even hear Pippin's shrill cry as the little Soldier of Gondor raised his short blade. The Númenórean inscriptions blazed like flame, ready to smite any foul servant or ally of Mordor that came too close. The ringing of Andúril unsheathed was absorbed into the lethal chorus of hundreds of blades drawn into open air. As the lightburst slowly faded, the ornate swirls topping Gandalf's staff could just be outlined; Glamdring glittered white moments before its thirst for orc-blood would be satiated. Beneath the Istar rose Shadowfax on his hind legs, his great voice shrill in tensed air, poised to dash all threats to the ground. Behind him, Gimli hefted his broad axe and roared a war cry in his own tongue, eager for the last stand. Legolas knew it was his cue to join the fray. Arod needed no command to start forward with his brethren—with the rest of the Host. Thousands of voices; hundreds of calls spiraled up from the circle to coalesce into one mighty cry: For justice. For light. For freedom. Thus the Battle of the Black Gate was begun. The flowing cry of the sons of Elrond was unfamiliar to him; but the Quenya syllables harmonized seamlessly with the ages-old Sindarin call that flew from the Wood-elf's lips. He hung on desperately to the pure Elvish when the words of hope and victory collided with the horrific screeches of the Faceless Nine as they descended from the Towers of the Teeth and straight into the brawl. A chill clattered down his spine at the fell screams, but he took some semblance of comfort in the clashing noise of his allies. Three Elven bows snapped, the shrill of their arrows rising above the mashed roaring of war. Two orcs fell dead without a second's chance to react. A troll bellowed deafeningly, enraged by the barbed projectile now protruding from its shoulder, yet still it plowed on. Legolas cursed mentally: the Messenger had vanished in the throng. Probably taken refuge among his cronies while they all rush forward to kill and be killed. He can duck behind their ranks and use them as his bodyguards while murdering hale warriors from the shadows. His honor counts for so little that he has to resort to assassination rather than face his doom. Laughter rang in his mind's ears: the snide, mocking laughter of the putrid Mouth of Sauron. As he reached back for a second bolt, Legolas gripped the bow of Lórien so hard that he feared it would shatter despite the evident skill and cunning of its maker. The black captain had laughed; laughed at even the Heir of Isildur and the Grey Pilgrim in his ill-gotten pride. He had presumed to make claims on Frodo's life and those of all the Free Peoples on his master's behalf; he had sneered at the defenders of the West, few and valiant though they were. Legolas was considered fiery of mind among his own kin and well he knew it, but any could see the intents of the foul Mouth of Sauron. He'll not get his wish, vowed the only son of the Elvenking. He won't sit at his ease in Isengard and drive any of us about as his thralls, not while the House of Oropher exists on this earth! If he survives, may he live to the end of his wretched days in shame of his presumption to belittle the Host of the West, no matter the victor! With that he loosed a deadly arrow into the tide of Mordor sweeping up to meet them, sending all of his wrath forth to speed its flight, caring not who it hit, so long as it came close to smiting the Messenger. Instinctively he knew that his friends—Pippin, Gimli, the sons of Elrond—they all wanted to do just the same. More of the warped creatures under the Dark Lord's banner rose up like a foul, howling wave upon mounds of sand. Legolas struggled to keep a running tally of the orcs he felled in time to Gimli roaring out numbers as he went, but these were far more than Helm's Deep, perhaps even the Pelennor, though the desperation was no less. This battle was much greater, and promised to be much bloodier. And not all of his opponents were the spawn of Mordor—there were also Sauron's human allies to consider; the Easterlings, the Haradrim, the Black Númenóreans. Minute after minute slogged on with no sign of the carnage letting up. He would try to best Gimli in this one, but his reasonable side knew it was madness. There wasn't enough time. Time. The whole point of this bloody free-for-all was to buy Frodo more time… if indeed his and Sam's time had not already expired. And it looks like our time has just about expired too, Legolas thought direly as yet another orc's dying howl gurgled away on the point of his arrow. Conscious thought was dissolving as he narrowed his whole mind to a single objective: Kill. --- Legolas was unsure whether minutes or weeks had elapsed since the Black Gates had groaned open to spew forth enough fell beasts to populate the whole of Arda. Sweat and grime coated him, it covered them all; but it mattered not when weighed against the roiling waves of pure evil tumbling forth from Mordor's open jaws. The Elf was frankly astonished that he possessed enough mental capacity to spare in order to feel sickened or even think. Mere minutes into the battle, most of the Host had been forced to unhorse as waves of enemies surged about them. Gimli had leapt off some time later to fully immerse himself in combat; fretting for him, Legolas had struggled to keep close to him on Arod. It had not been long ere they had been swept apart. His quiver now depleted, he had had no choice but to jump off and pull out his knives to be of any use. Now he had lost track of Arod, Gimli and nearly all familiar faces—except the unmistakable Elrondionnath on his left. But there was simply no time to worry for any of them, or even think. Soundlessly he pushed off the dripping scimitar with his own blades, bringing one down and into the stumbling Southron's stomach with blinding speed; while the other was automatically thrust into the skull of a large orc attempting to rush him from behind. There was no room for emotion toward anyone or anything. Survival was all that mattered, and he was intent on surviving at least until he knew whether Frodo had succeeded, that Sauron had perished and that he had fulfilled his purpose in the Fellowship. But Valar, he wished this would end soon . He had no idea just how long he had been hacking and slashing and drawing blood, ending lives to preserve lives. Sauron could not be permitted to emerge victorious, but even he, who had lived through many battles, was beginning to weary from all the slaying. And no matter who the victor, someone would pay. That is the only point of war, really, a mentor had told him as an Elfling long ago in Greenwood, when it was still known by that name. We fight for our own survival—so that we won't be the ones enslaved and slaughtered. The point of war is to prevent the other side from winning. There are many complicated reasons why they start. But once they do, stopping the enemy from having the victory is often all that matters. A groaning roar alerted him to a slain troll not far off. Legolas hazarded a fleeting glance to his left. He and the Noldorin twins had long spent every last bolt in their quivers; now one—it was impossible to tell which in this melee—swung a long Elven sword in lethal arcs while his brother danced precariously around him, fending off the press of Easterlings with his own knives. But past them was where his momentary attention was drawn, to where a huge hulk of a troll was in the midst of falling forward, black blood gushing out of its scaly midsection. But just below that dripping wound, the Elf could just make out an esquire yanking a knife out of the beast. The weapon shone strangely through the coating of blood, as though it contained tongues of flame— The troll crashed to the dust-choked ground of the Morannon just as Legolas's heart suddenly clenched in horror. There was no way the little warrior could have escaped getting pinned right under the troll. Only that had been no esquire… Pippin! Legolas's emotional barricade took a serious hit as the hulking beast collapsed, more likely than not suffocating the fiery hobbit beneath its dead bulk. His insides writhed with sudden anxiety for that scrappy, quick-mouthed, flight-brained being… as well as for Frodo, Sam, his comrades and all the free peoples of Middle-earth. He realized with a steely pang that his single-mindedness was failing… but seconds later he had no choice but to fortify it as he ducked down and sideways out of pure instinct. The Easterling scimitar went wide, swiping through air that his neck had occupied moments before. Legolas felt a momentary burst