A/N: This was just an idea for a story that came to my mind as I thought about a different approach to Percy's relation with the Romans and a twist different to the typical betrayal story. Chapter 1. The forest was silent, leaves untouched by any breeze. The moon was not shining in the sky, ominously hovering above the unmoving trees. Suddenly, disrupting the still image of nature violently, a blur flashed through the trees. Pursuing the blur, roaring loudly, was a massive lion, one easily as large as a dumpster truck. Its golden skin was beautiful, lighting up its surroundings despite the notable absence of the moon. The lion bounded nimbly after the blur, dodging various trunks and branches as it tried to catch up to its prey. Once again, the lion instinctively roared in excitement while leaping after the blur, its jaws wide enough to swallow a car whole. In a flash, the blur turned around and pulled out a ballpoint pen. Within seconds, the pen morphed into a stunning three foot long blade that glowed with power, its bronze color glowing in the darkness of the forest. Quick as a heartbeat, the blur lunged forward, sword outstretched, and pierced straight through the open mouth of the surprise lion. The huge lion screamed in pain before exploding into golden dust that settled on the now unmoving blur. The slayer of the beast was actually a sixteen year old boy with dark hair and striking sea-green eyes that seemed to peer into one's very soul. He was handsome, with regal cheekbones and a well-shaped face. The boy was lean but muscled, and was clearly a fighter. He sported a dirtied, ripped orange shirt along with worn-out black shorts. He looked as if he had been sleeping in the forest for days; despite his clear fitness, he seemed half-dead. His sea-green eyes, once filled with mirth and joy, now reflected bitter emptiness. It was as if he was emotionless. Pain was evident, covered up by the blank façade maintained even when alone. The boy glanced at the ground where the lion disappeared into golden dust and chuckled at the sight of the lion's pelt remaining there. He leaned forward and picked up the spoil, contemplating it intensely. Painful memories flooded his mind of a stunning girl that resembled a Persian princess, complete with a silver circlet on her head. He just looked at his sword sadly, a tear dropping from the corner of his eye. He sat down awkwardly, leaning against a tree and still clutched the lion's pelt. He sat and thought about how he, the once savior of the gods, the supposed hero of Olympus, had been reduced to this half-dead state, running around hopelessly, heartbroken, shattered, betrayed. Anger flashed in his eyes as he recalled the brutal treatment, the betrayals. Gritting his teeth, the boy stood up and grabbed a branch angrily. With a simple flick of his wrist, he broke it off and gripped it tightly, hoping to cause himself pain, to escape the anguish. Nothing went his way, however. His impenetrable skin prevented the simple branch from drawing blood. Sighing, the boy thought back to one of his old jokes, the one about the arrogant hero, Heracles. He had always sympathized slightly with Heracles under the reason that the infamous hero was more unlucky than himself. Now, however, the boy knew that was false. Before settling down, an idea popped into the mind of the sixteen year old, quirking his lips upwards, revealing traces of the former mirth that once encompassed his attractive face. He broke the branch in half and placed each half on the ground. Then, he raised his hand in the direction of the two branches and clenched his fist. Slowly, inexorably, water began pulling out of the branch pieces. He smiled, a grim smile that did not reach his eyes. Grabbing the two dried sticks, he rubbed them together quickly, lighting a fire. As the fire bloomed, the boy took the lion's pelt again and faced the fire. To his own surprise, he muttered a quick prayer to one he would have never thought to. Queen Hera, for you, I sacrifice the pelt of the Nemean Lion. You were right about her all those years ago, I apologize for my foolishness. The boy then threw the pelt in and watched it burn, a sweet aroma rising from the flaming fur. After a few moments, it disappeared completely. The boy then turned away and stumbled over to the tree, tired from running away from the Nemean Lion for so long. As he prepared to embrace sleep, someone cleared their throat. Shocked, the boy spun around, whipping out his sword. The sight that awaited him paralyzed him. "My my, Perseus Jackson. The hero of Olympus. What are you doing here?" The boy, Perseus, gulped before bowing low, "Lady Hera, I am honored." Perseus tilted his neck slightly before looking back at the figure standing next to the fire, "You ask why I'm here?" She nodded, a surprised expression still gracing her features. She stepped forward and sat down next to the boy, motioning to him to explain. Perseus grimaced before nodding in acknowledgment, "It all started a couple weeks after the end of the Titan War. And, before I go on, I would much prefer if you called me Percy; Perseus makes me feel old." To his surprise, Hera chuckled lightly, "Very well then Percy, I will honor your request. After all, you are the first demigod to ever sacrifice something to me, especially something of that magnitude." Percy smirked, traces of his former more playful self shining through, "The pelt reminded me of Heracles. He hurt Zoe, which I disapprove of, and I knew the irony of his pelt being sacrificed to you would not be lost." The goddess laughed once again, before nodding to him for him to deliver his story. Percy sighed but began his story… (Flashback) Percy walked along the border of the camp on his way to the pine tree that had once been Thalia. A golden fleece glittered in the brilliant glare of the sun, and a large dragon lay peacefully around the tree. Percy smiled and strode towards the dragon, petting it on the head gently. "Hey there Peleus." The weather was perfect, although in Camp Half-Blood, it always was. Apollo's chariot was flying high in the sky, bathing the Earth in comforting sunlight. Nothing could damper Percy's mood; it was simply too beautiful of a day. As he lost himself in his thoughts, a loud roar suddenly arose. Percy's senses immediately snapped him out of his dreams. The boy looked out past the border and saw a familiar figure in the distance, chasing what appeared to be a fifteen year old boy. Percy grinned, pulling out his trusted pen and uncapping it. Anaklusmos roared into life in his grasp, its celestial bronze emanating power. With a yell of defiance, he charged past the borders and straight towards the incoming figures. The boy was being chased by none other than Percy's old friend, the Minotaur. As Percy approached the Minotaur, he smiled menacingly at the monster. "Hey ground beef, how's it been? Was Tartarus a nice vacation spot?" The monster roared angrily, clearly recognizing him. Percy shot a quick glance around to see where the boy went, and noticed him cowering before a tree. Sighing about wimpy new campers, he advanced the Minotaur. The beast's beady eyes narrowed, and it huffed several times, pawing the ground. Percy easily recognized the signs of it preparing to charge, just grinning cheekily at the preparing monster. The Minotaur snapped at the sight of his unimpressed opponent and charged, bellowing with rage. Slickly, the son of Poseidon twisted out of the way of the beast and brought Anaklusmos down swiftly, severing its arm, then flicked his wrist, all in a matter of seconds. The Minotaur came to a halt, as its arm lay on the ground behind tauntingly. It looked down at its chest and saw tremendous amount of blood coming from his wound when Percy flicked his wrist. Grinning sadistically, the boy stepped towards the Minotaur and stabbed it through the heart, causing it to explode into golden dust. Smiling at the bit of excitement, Percy looked back at the tree where he had last seen the scared boy. Briefly, he wondered why the teenager hadn't been claimed yet. However, he was nowhere to be seen. Whirling around wildly, Percy analyzed his surroundings for other possible adversaries when he felt a tingle on the back of his neck. He spun around and saw the boy swing a sword at his head. Before he could raise Anaklusmos, the blow struck him and caused him to stagger from the impact, protected from death by the blessing of the Styx. Percy roared in anger, "What the fuck are you doing?" The boy backed away, fear evident on his face. The blessing automated his actions as Percy's hatred wrapped him up. His eyes glowed as a deadly sea-green light circled him. Quick as lightning, he lunged forward, feinting a slash to the right with his sword. When the boy raised his sword to deflect the blow, Percy smashed his left fist into his face, shattering the boy's nose and throwing him back several yards. Still angered, he walked over to the boy and kicked him hard in the chest, the sound of ribs cracking piercing the air. Glaring down at the bloody heap beneath him in pure hatred, Percy raised Anaklusmos and stabbed down into his shoulder, twisting it. It was as if the attempt on his life had unleashed a sadistic side of his personality kept down by his constant role as a leader, this side that had been held down for so long due to the knowledge that so many lives depended on him. The boy bleeding out on the ground was screaming in pain when suddenly a flash appeared behind Percy. Percy whirled around, sword at the ready, but recognized Poseidon. Poseidon glared at his son angrily, then held up his trident in Percy's direction, "What do you think you're doing? Why are you killing my son?" Percy gasped in horror, "This piece of trash is my brother? He tried to kill me after I saved him from the Minotaur!" "Don't lie Perseus," he spat. "Are you jealous that you aren't the only son of Poseidon?" Shocked at seeing his father so enraged at him, Percy just shook his head in desperation, a tear threatening to form in his eyes. "Father, I swear –" "No more lies! You will apologize to your brother once he is healed." Percy backed away, then turned and ran in the direction of camp, shaking in disbelief at his father's reaction and at his own blood lust. Four months later (still flashback) Percy smiled at the sight of camp; he was returning to his home for the first time in a month since he had gone on a minor quest in an effort to track down rogue demigods left over from the Titan War and offer them pardons in exchange for vows of loyalty to Olympus. He was eager to see his girlfriend Annabeth, who he finally began dating to his great joy immediately after the end of the war. He strode into camp confidently, before his smile turned sour as he remembered the new poison that had entered the camp. The boy who tried to kill him that first day, his brother, had quickly recovered and began manipulating campers with his heartfelt lies. According to the boy's tragic story, he slayed the Minotaur before Percy managed to get to them, and in his jealousy, had attacked him while his back was turned and proceeded to almost kill him. All the new campers brought in immediately after the war now regarded him in disgust, but Percy barely cared. What mattered to him was the fact