Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings is not mine. This story is written purely for entertainment and no profit is made. This isn't an AU story since the "universe" is largely the same as in the books. It's more of a "what if" story with Éowyn and Boromir as the central characters. Chapter 1 Third Age 3017 Lagordir waited patiently for Hama, the Doorward of Meduseld to return. It was not his first visit to Edoras – he had been here before, though it was quite a few years ago. The windswept capital of the Rohirrim set upon a hill with the snow-covered Ered Nimrais in the backdrop was still a sight that moved the heart, even for one such as him who had spent most of his life within the impressive walls of Minas Tirith. However, once he had been allowed past the gates, he felt that the mood of the city was sombre, and the Rohirrim themselves less open in their manner. Where he remembered swift laughter and a warm welcome before, now there were aloof or even cautious stares. Lagordir wished he could attribute this solely to the Shadow of the Enemy growing in the East, yet he was well aware that relations between Gondor and Rohan had cooled considerably as the years passed. There was no conflict between the two nations, but slowly Gondor and Rohan were turning from being sworn allies to two countries that simply happened to have a common border and some trade going between them. Times were growing dark and the night would only deepen before any light broke. It was Lagordir's fervent hope that the letter entrusted to him by Steward Denethor of Gondor to be brought to King Théoden of Rohan held something that would renew the ties between the two lands. The doorward - a broad-shouldered man clad imposingly in bright mail - returned. "You may enter Meduseld and see the King," he said. Lagordir inclined his head in thanks and went through the large, gold and jewel-adorned doors that were opened for him. It was not as he remembered it. The floor was still paved with smooth stones forming intertwining runes in many hues. The tall pillars that held up the high roof of the hall still had some of the most magnificent woodcarvings he had ever seen, and artfully woven tapestries depicting Rohirrim history were hung on the walls. But the air was stilted and the fire in the hearth in the midst of the hall was barely holding to its life as he passed it by. It was understandable that the windows were kept shut, since it was still winter in Rohan, yet no candles or oil lamps were lit to chase away the chill gloom of the hall. In his memory this had been a place filled with light and song, enlivened by the free spirit of the Riders of Rohan. Lagordir's greatest shock, however, came when he stepped close enough to the dais where King Théoden, draped in a fur-lined cloak, sat upon his gilded throne. The white stone set in a circlet upon the King's brow was the same as he remembered, but the rest of the ruler of Rohan was not. Théoden looked like an aged man. His form was bent, his once gold-brown hair was now white as snow, and many lines craved his face. Lagordid knew of course that the Rohirrim had shorter lives than those of the high lineages of Gondor, yet a quick calculation of Théoden's age told him that the man should not have been so wizened just yet; especially considering that his mother had been a Gondorian lady of high Númenórean descent. He tried to not let his shock show as he stepped closer and stopped at the appropriate distance to the throne. Yet he noticed that Théoden's blue eyes regarded him keenly. Whatever had caused him to age before his time had at least not touched his mind yet. Regaining his senses, Lagordir bowed deeply before the King, introducing himself and stating his purpose. In Gondor this would have continued with exchanging pleasantries and ritualized compliments, but, as he had learned on his last visit, the Rohirrim would consider that a waste of time. So Lagordir did not hesitate to announce right away that he was a messenger who had brought Théoden a personal letter from Steward Denethor. "Indeed?" The King looked surprised. "Well, bring it forward." Lagordid withdrew the cylindrical leather encasement which held Denethor's letter rolled up in a scroll. He stepped forward, about to present it to King Théoden, when two spindly hands reached to intercept him. Surprised, Lagordir snapped the scroll back and looked at the one who had been about to take it from him. It was a man of wizened form, his face was very pale and he had heavy-lidded eyes. As Lagordir looked at him he saw the man's long pale tongue dart out to wet his lips. Who was this? Lagordir had not noticed this man before. Had he been skulking in the shadows close by? Not difficult to do, seeing how dim the hall was and how dark his robes were. "Gríma, my counsellor, will take the message," Théoden said. The King's counsellor? Lagordir could not help the instinctive dislike he felt for the man, but he knew he had to tread lightly. "My apologies," said Lagordir, "but I am under strict orders from Steward Denethor to hand this letter only directly to the King of Rohan." He was not lying – those had been the Steward's words. Lagordir saw something flash in Gríma's eyes and wondered if the counsellor would try and gainsay him. He looked like he wanted to. "Very well," said Théoden. Gríma retreated and Lagordir bowed his head and walked forward. He kneeled on one leg on the first step of the dais and proffered the encased scroll to King Théoden. The King took it and Lagordir respectfully stepped back. Théoden did not waste any time. He unbound and opened the encasement and then broke the seal and unfurled the letter. While the King read, Lagordir glanced at the counsellor. Gríma was staring at the King's face with an absorbed look, as if he was trying to decipher the contents of the letter from his expression alone. Lagordir felt disturbed for a reason he could not pinpoint; after all, wouldn't it be normal for a counsellor to try and guess his ruler's mind and mood? The King did not reveal any particular expression though, except his eyes widening briefly. Lagordir's curiosity about the content of the letter increased. When Théoden finished reading he looked thoughtful for a moment. "Gríma," he finally spoke. "Yes, my Lord." "By my order a meeting is to be assembled in the hall. Prince Théodred and the King's Riders, as well as all noble lords and ladies within Edoras at this time are to come to the Golden Hall." "My Lord?" Gríma questioned, his eyes darting to the letter held in the King's hand. Lagordir too wondered what was in there that would merit calling for the whole court on such short notice. "Make haste," was all that the King said. The counsellor hesitated only for a moment, but then turned around and went to the left, taking a side door that led away from the main body of Meduseld. Lagordir noticed that on both sides of the Golden Hall were doors. It was likely that they led to where rooms and chambers for the royal family's use were situated. "My King, shall I go and fetch Prince Théodred?" a woman's voice suddenly asked. Shaken from his musings, Lagordir barely kept his surprise hidden. His eyes sought out the source of the voice and for a moment he could not help staring. There was a woman standing at the left side of the King's throne, a bit behind it. She was so beautiful that for a brief, foolish moment Lagordir thought he was imagining her, and he was no green youngster easily swayed by the looks of a woman. She was tall and slender, clad in a dark blue gown. It accentuated the fairness of her skin and the bright gold of her long hair. How had he not noticed her before? Had she been standing in the shadow of the throne of the King all this time? Lagordir noted with dissatisfaction that he was being uncharacteristically unobservant today; first he'd let the presence of Gríma slip his notice and now had failed to see such a lady. She had stepped forward a bit, to lean closer to the King. He grey eyes glanced at Lagordir briefly and he felt that there was coolness in her gaze, something unapproachable. "No, Éowyn, stay here. What the Steward of Gondor has written to me concerns you the most," said the King. Lagordir remembered now that King Théoden had taken in the children of his deceased sister into his house. This had to be his niece then – Lady Éowyn. He did not remember seeing her on his last visit, though that had been quite a few years ago. He wondered what exactly in that letter was connected to her. Lady Éowyn too looked perplexed. "How would it concern me?" she asked. The King gave Éowyn the letter. "Read it, sister-daughter. You have the right to." The lady took it. She hid her expression almost as deftly as the King, but once she had arrived at a certain point in her reading, she could not mask the shock that appeared on her face. Lagordir now felt as if he would give nearly anything to know the contents of the letter. But if his suspicion was right, he would soon find out anyway. After all, why else would Théoden call for an assembly of his court so hastily, if there was not something in the letter he wished to announce publicly? Éowyn soon gave the letter back to the King without saying anything. After that she stood silently beside his throne. Théoden looked at her once, some shadow of concern briefly showing in his eyes, but her gaze seemed far away in thought. Soon people began to gather in the hall. Among the first to arrive was Prince Théodred. "Father, what is this about?" he asked once he was close to the throne. His eyes did not miss the paper scroll held in Théoden's hand. "You shall find out when all are gathered," Théoden said. It looked like Théodred wanted to ask more, yet he obeyed his father and went up to the dais, taking his rightful place on the right hand side of the King's throne. Lagordir knew that Théodred had to be the same age as Steward Denethor's eldest son Boromir. In contrast to his father's aged form, he was the very picture of what made the Horse-lords so impressive – tall, broad-shouldered with a head of thick, golden hair, and a handsome face with eyes as keen and blue as his father's. His manner was confident and he held himself proudly, but there was no arrogance in him. Men would easily follow such a man. The messenger had to admit that considering Théoden's dissipating vigour it was comforting to know there was a strong heir to the throne. By now Lagordir had stepped to the left of the dais and stood there. Gríma had returned and sat at the right side of the dais and the messenger had no desire to share space with him. The counsellor looked nervous from which Lagordir inferred that the man was not used to not knowing what the King was up to. Now that everyone was swiftly gathering, this man was still the only counsellor close to the King present. Were there no others? He would have to mention this Gríma when he reported to Lord Denethor back in Minas Tirith. Lagordir had been sent as a messenger by the Steward not only because