It has been many years since we foretold a great prophecy about a hero of great power. And in those many years, she has become a hero, like no other, but her story remains untold. That is until now. This is the story of how one hero, became the hero to the entire mythological world. In the small town of Salem Massachusetts, a young lady of the age of seventeen, arrives at school on a cold February's morning. This young Lady's name is Raven Light. I sighed as Bonita's car pulled up at Saint Joseph's Catholic school. The only reason why I'm at this miserable school, here was a fight between two girls, I think they were friends, over some guy they both had huge crushes on; I was just walking in the halls, trying to get to my next class, and I kinda got caught in between the girl because one, of them was using me like a shield...anyway John heard about it from the office, because they thought I was in the fight and the girl using me as a shield, was holding me back from the other girl and John transferred me in the middle of the semester; I hate him so much and not just because he sent me here, something he's been wanting to do since I entered high school. Saint Joseph's was originally built in the early sixteen hundreds by a priest by the name of Frances Joseph the third, for Sunday prayers; sadly though he died like a week before construction was compete. In the late nineteen hundreds, a bolt of lightning hit the church's iron cross, burning the church to the ground. This Saint Joseph's was recently rebuilt, like just last summer, on top of the runes of the old church; but instead of another church, they built into a school. It is a two story building with a library, filled of the history Christian and other Christian books, like 'How to be a good Christian" and lot of other dumb books, a gym filled with equipment, class rooms for English, Science, History, Math, and all of the arts, a cafeteria for lunch and announcements. There were several tall windows all around the sides and in the very center, was a stained glass circle window, decorated with a cross. "Alright Marie remember your father and I are going to be late coming home tonight." I turned my head and looked at Bonita. Bonita has long wavy dark brown with mixes of light brown hair, her green eyes are bright and just smiled at you and her skin is a smooth olive tone. She has the type of face that turns heads and make men drool in lust. She's dressed in a purple blouse, a black skirt, tan stockings and black healed boots. Bonita is originally from Athens Greece, so she has a thick accent, but her voice was very soft. Her and her mother moved to Salem, her Senior year of high school. After high school, Bonita was accepted to Harvard University. After she graduated from Harvard, at the top of her classes, She enrolled into med. school, and became a very successful doctor and a surgeon; after she finished schooling she started working at the local hospital. Her and Dad actually met in collage, even went out on a few dates, but lose touch with one another after graduating. During that gap, Dad met my mother; I never really met her, Dad says that she left when I was born wanted nothing to do with me; he also told me that she wanted an abortion, but he talked her out of it; Mommy dearest left the minute I was born. Bonita was actually the doctor who delivered me, so Dad had a helping hand raising me. They dated for like two years, when Dad proposed on their three anniversary. "I know Bon." I said harshly. Bonita went silent, and I grabbed my backpack and exited her car, slamming the door shut. As I made my way to the enter, I felt snowballs hit my leather covered shoulders, and the sound of other students laughing. Ha-ha, very funny. Morons. Once I got to the door, I stopped my feet against the mat they placed by the door, so we won't get water all over the floor inside, I wiped the snow off my black leather jacket and walked into the warm school. I moved away from the door way to my normal spot by the window and sat down on the wall, kinda like a window seat, but at school and took out my book from my bag. My name is Marie Light; but if you call me that I'll punch you into next week. I go by Raven, it was a child nickname, given to me by my class, when our science teacher brought in a raven he found with a broken wing. The raven, which we name Dexter, would follow me around the classroom and even get small rocks and twigs for me, everyone started calling me Marie, the Raven Queen, but that was getting old fast, so the just shortened it to Raven. As a kid growing up wasn't the easiest thing in the world; for one thing, my dad, John Light is an expert on the Salem Witch trails for the museum, he evens runs the old judge house museum near the old cemetery and abandoned metal hospital. I grew up surrounded by thousands of books on history, ancient artifacts and replicas from Salem. He went to school here in Salem and attended Harvard University, with Bonita, and then left to study, geography and to study under his father who was an archaeologist. Dad is also very religious and won't tolerate anything outside the church's expectations of good behavior. So that met no skin tight or showing skin, that didn't need to be showed, no cutting of my hair, no dying my hair, no piercings, no tattoos, etc; he even goes so fair as if you miss one day of Sunday worship, you have to read the bible out loud, for like an hour and then write a ten page essay on how Christianity started. So, my childhood was every difficult. Before I went to Saint Joseph's, I attended Wayside, yes like the book, High school; Wayside High was a school filled with trouble makers and fighting, like all the time, the school had little or no equipment for anything and the school was falling apart. Wayside was built by a woman, back in the early nineteen hundreds and since then it has been declared the worst school in the state, but I rather be there then here. Believe it or not, Wayside was a high anti-bully school and everyone followed that code like it was the Bible. Here, there are bullies, rumors and other drama. Anyway, I was reading my book when someone suddenly ripped it out of my hands. "Hey." I said looking up. Standing in front of me, was Brad Vigtor, the star football player at school. Brad has short dirt blond hair, green eyes that just say trouble stay way from me, smooth pale skin. Brad had the type of face that made girls fall to his feet. I'm not one of those girls; he had a thick, heavy voice but it was very soft. He wore, his school uniform, which was a white button up shirt that was suppose to be tucked in, a blue and red stripped tie, light brown dress pants, a blue wool jacket that is suppose to be button up and black dress shoes; but Brad wore it differently, he wore the shirt tucked, tie loss around his neck, the jacket unbutton. I actually knew Brad when we were little kids. He was a dorky kid, who got beat up twenty-four seven, before his dad started couching him in football and making him lift weights and workout twenty-four-seven over the summers. Brad had his friends with him behind him, laughing. Hanging on his arm was his girlfriend of two years, Mandy. Many has long black hair, blue eyes that just scream spoiled brat and pale skin. She had the type of face that make boys drool and girls hate her guts; she had a voice that matched her personalty, ugly. Mandy wore the school uniform, and for girls it was very different for girls. She wore a stripped red, black and white skirt, white button up blouse, a red and white stripped tie, a red jacket, button up, knee high socks and black flats. Mandy, like Brad wore it very different; she made the skirt smaller then its suppose to be, she didn't wear the jacket at all, several of her buttons were undone, giving you a good look at her breast and her stomach, no socks and black high healed shoes. Mandy is another girl I knew as little kids, but not in a good way. She always bullied me and Brad, when he was a dork, and tell storied of the things her daddy bought her when ever she throw a fit. She game me the look that said 'Don't touch my man'. I stood from my spot. "Hey Loser." Brad said shaking my book in front of my face. "Give me back my book Brad." I reached for my book but he moved it away from my reach. "Hey not so fast, Little Marie." I glared at him. I hated being called Marie, and he knows that. He just laugh at me and shake my book in my face again. "What the hell do you want Brad; don't you have something better to do then pick on me?" "Yeah Brady, like me?" Mandy said moving her finger down his chin. I felt like throwing up when she said that. Mandy and Brad are very, very physical with each other, and they will let you know, just how physical, when ever they kiss. It amazes me, how they never get caught doing that stuff in a 'Good Christian' school. Brad ignored her and started flipping through the pages of my book. "What'ch reading anyway little Marie?" Again I reached for my book, but Brad moved it away again, and grabbed me around the neck. Whenever I tried to get out of his grip, he just tighten it, enough to where I can't get lose. "The Ghost of Mary Prairie? Throw this trash away." Brad threw my book to one of his buddies and he then threw it in the trash can. They laughed and Brad released my neck. I went to retrieve my book from the trash, as Brad and his friends laughed and the bell rung. "Later Little Marie." Brad said walking off. I watched as they walked off. They're nothing but jerks; they're always missing with me. Shaking my book, free of the real garbage I walked away and walked back to the little window seat and grabbed my backpack. This is going to be a long day. I was right too. So far today I was hit by a doge-ball by Mandy, who surprisingly has a strong arm,. Brad took my book yet again and played Monkey in the middle with me and a friend of his, one of his friends tripped me at lunch and made me throw my food on a teacher in the lunch room, I was called out several times to answer questions, I didn't have the answer to, I was locked into a locker by a girl on the wrestling team, I flunked another science quiz. My day couldn't possible be any worse. I sighed as I walked down the empty halls, during seventh period and walked into the broken girls' bathroom, that nobody used anymore. I walked over to the sink farthest from the door and sat down on it, putting my feet on the sick next to it. I dug into the right inside pocket of my