I want to say welcome to anybody that will read this story I will try my best to keep you interested. This is my second story so far and I think it might be the best one, even though the other isn't finished. In "Heart Tied" I will try to connect with readers on a deeper level involving Jake and Nessie's love for each other. It wasn't really discussed much in BD besides that of the obvious meaning of imprinting. So my point in this story is to try to show you how their love started for each other, their reactions toward it, etc. There will be a lot of internal and external conflicts involving these two, but what can't true love fix? Disclaimer-I don't own Twilight. I just may own any new characters that may or may not come… Nessie POV There really isn't a handbook when it comes to love. You don't get a set of directions telling you how to fall in love either. There isn't a "Love Fairy" that pops up out of nowhere guiding you and telling you the words to say to the person to make them fall in love with you. Your parents can't teach you about love because everybody loves someone for different kinds of reasons. Love is a thrilling adventure that you're willing to take with the one you choose to devote your time and effort to. Jake will always be my first and only love. Without him there is no me. Who am I without Jacob Black? He is what tethers me to this crazy world, the world of the supernatural; him being a wolf, me being a vampire/human hybrid. We understood each other more than anybody else could. Two beings torn in between two worlds… "Nessie I'm cold," Jake complained next to me. I rolled my eyes. There was no way on earth the living heater could be cold. His whole body ran on a good 107 degrees; a temperature that would kill a normal human. "Yeah and I'm 100% human," I replied sarcasm thick in my voice. "Why don't you be a good little doggy and watch the movie," I told him, teasingly. He glared at me and turned back towards the screen. We were in the living room at the main house. It was our movie night, which happens every so often. We get our own little peace and quiet. My family is anywhere and everywhere besides the living room when it's movie night. They don't bother us and the pack doesn't bother him, unless it's an emergency of course. We will get a whole bunch of covers, which are never truly need since the cold doesn't really bother neither one of us, snuggle up on the coach and watch movies. We were watching one of my favorite movies "Queen of the Damned". It had to be the second greatest vampire movie next to "Interview with a Vampire" but apparently Jake didn't like that movie, which is total stupidity. I mean how could you not like the movie?! It has the right amount of horror, romance, supernatural, mystery, and maybe a dash of humor somewhere in there too. Just depends on the person and what they may find funny. But his reasoning behind not liking the movie was, "If I wanted to hear about a vampire complain about being a vampire and all the downfalls of being one, I'll just ask Blonde how her day went." I couldn't help but laugh. My aunt probably wasn't as melodramatic as this vampire but I understood his point. So we settled for "Queen of the Damned", which is still a great movie all and all. A vampire queen returning from the dead to "live again" no pun intended. Then falls in love with a musical vampire, that's bored with eternity, and sets out to make him the new king, but instead he kills her and falls for a human, then turns that human into a vampire. It's a very interesting storyline with a bunch of attractive people. You can't but help but be captivated by both women; the Queen and the turned human. It makes you want to know more about them then what the movie already tells you. What made them so interesting to him in the vampire? I looked over at Jake, who was focused on the movie now. I smiled. Times like these it didn't matter what movie I was watching really, I was spending time with Jake; my best friend. We could just be napping and I would feel equally content. I don't know what it is about being with Jake that just makes everything feel a whole lot better and so brand new. There's a new sight to everything when he's around. It's like my already enhanced sense, become even more enhanced. Everything is new to me, like I'm being born again. And even though he was being annoying I couldn't ask for anything better. "What's with your love of vampire movies?" Jake asked me suddenly, eyes still glued on the television. "I really can't give you a clear answer. I think it has something to do with the human imagination," I told him. I looked over at me, curiosity in his eyes. I continued on, getting lost in my own thoughts. "I enjoy seeing the different variations humans come up with about vampires, but also the similarities. How some are beautiful creatures that are depicted as being close to gods by humans. How we could also be demons that prey on human flesh and are inherently evil. But there are also the similarities; how we can die in sunlight, stake to the heart and all the other stuff that really doesn't happen to us. I compare them to the reality vampires, which is us. Humans aren't far off, but yet they are so far away. I like to see who the closest is," I explained to him. "You speak as though you're fully vampire," Jake told me. "I mean I know I'm not but you can't really group me in being closely human either. I more vampire than I am human. I share their strength, speed, senses, thirst, inhuman beauty, immortality, even their durability. Can you really call me different from them?" I asked him seriously. He looked me straight in the eye and put his hand to my chest. I froze from the sudden touch. "You have a heartbeat," he said in a low voice. He then caressed my face with the back of his hand. I could feel the heat from his skin and from the blush. He smiled. "You have blood in your system, which causes you to blush. Those are the things that make you different. Those are what make you human," he said. I felt the emotion in my body, but I remained frozen. "Plus I can't have a best friend that stinks," he said with that same low voice, but with a smirk on his face. I thawed at that remark and pushed him, with a little bit too much force, off the coach. Always ruining a perfect moment! Jake landed across the room with a surprised look on his face. He opened his mouth to say something but before any noise came out the front door was thrown open. My aunt Alice came singing and dancing in, twirling and spinning at top speed. She stopped suddenly in front of Jake and shook her head and returned back to what she was doing, and went upstairs never stumbling or breaking rhythm. My aunt Rosalie came in next followed by my grandma Esme. "And they say you can't teach an old dog new tricks," Rosa said glancing over at Jake. "Rosalie!" Esme chided her shaking her head. Jake made a face at her and stuck his tongue out. Rosalie made a disgusted look on her face. She flipped her hair and proceeded up the stairs after Alice. I sighed. No matter how long I lived I will never understand their relationship. They shared many on the same interest like cars, and at times you may even see them in the garage looking and tuning the cars up together. But a day never goes by when they're not rude to each other. It was clear that they loved each other, even though they both will deny it forever. But after a while it became clear that everybody had given up on trying to understand their unique relationship. Lastly, came my uncles Emmett and Jasper and grandfather Carlisle; all three arms filled with shopping bags. No wonder Alice seemed to be in such a good mood. She loved nothing more than shopping. "What are you doing on the floor Jake?" Jasper asked him with a smile on his face. Jake pointed at me, with a glare in his eyes. I couldn't help but smile. He acted like a child sometimes, and it was so cute. "You know Jake, back in my time it said a lot about a man who got beat up by a women," Jasper said to him. "Well you know back in my time vampires didn't exist to me, so it shows how times change," Jake retorted. "I think you may be talking about puberty their little man," Emmett said to him with a big grin on his face. "Puberty didn't make me such a little man if you get my drift so I would watch how you throw that around," Jake said with a smirk. My mouth fell open. Emmett and Jasper burst out laughing and I even saw Carlisle smile. "Boys," Grandma Esme said taking the bags that contained food and headed towards the kitchen. I tried my best to keep my mind from wondering too little avail. It was never a safe environment with Emmett, Jasper, and Jake in the room. But you couldn't help but feel the love the felt for each other. Jake thought as them as his brothers just as much as the pack and the same for Emmett and Jasper. Times really have changed. "Where are mom and dad?" I asked. "They're at the cottage I do believe," grandpa Carlisle answered. Good because the way that their conversation was headed I had to get out of here before my innocence be tainted even more. I got up to leave. "I'll be over there shortly to help you with your first day of school outfit," I heard Alice say from upstairs. I froze. I totally forgot all about that! Tomorrow I'll be starting my first day at the same school my family went to, Forks High. It will also be the longest I've been away from Jacob. I didn't know which one was more dreadful; going to an alien environment that involved a bunch of humans, and their sweet blood mingling in the air, or being away from Jake for almost 8hrs. "Nessie are you alright?" Jake asked my worried. I looked over at Jake. I didn't want to discuss my worries with my family around. "Yeah, I'm fine," I lied, adding a fake smile to my face. His eyes narrowed. I could see he knew I was lying, but he didn't speak on it at the moment. "I'll be over before you go to sleep," He told me. I nodded and left out towards the cottage. My mind was racing. Not because I wouldn't be around Jake, but because of the humans. My self-control was strong, but even the best slip up. I've only slipped up once. It was back in my younger days, when I looked 2 years old when I was truly 4 months. I was outside with Jake and we were playing hide and go seek. Which I realized as I got older that Jake was just playing along for my amusement. He could have easily found me with my scent alone. Our hiding ground was endless. I could hide anywhere in the forest and he too. I