Chapter 1 "That was a great practice today, Melissa. If you keep this up, you might have a chance of joining the Olympics!" "Thanks, Mr. Clark!" I skated off of the ice and started making my way towards the locker room. I was one of the best figure skaters that Mr. Clark had ever seen in his coaching career, and he never made it a secret. Some people would think that flattery would make me conceited or arrogant about my awesome skating abilities, but I was like that to begin with. I knew that I was the best and I didn't need anyone to tell me so. I changed out of my practice clothes and back into my regular clothes. I took one quick look in the mirror and decided a reapplication of lip gloss would be necessary. I fluffed my hair a little more and decided that I looked spectacular. I stepped out of the locker room and walked right into Andrew, a fellow figure skater. We practiced together partly because Mr. Clark says that we work well together and partly because Andrew had a small crush on me. I mean, I don't blame the guy, but honestly, he needed to get over himself. "Hey, Melissa! Do you need a ride home?" he asked, his eyes shining brightly. I shook my head. "Sorry, Andy. Jacob's coming to pick me up from practice." Like he did every fucking practice. Geez, it's like this guy couldn't get a hint. "Oh." He followed me out of the rink and stayed with me until Jacob pulled up. "You know, you don't have to do this," I told him, hoping that he wasn't getting the wrong idea. He shrugged. "It's okay. I like doing it. Besides, I don't like you standing out here alone," he said softly. I smiled up at him. Andy wasn't really that bad of a guy. When I first moved here, Andy was new to the whole ice skating thing. I kind of helped him get the hang of his jumps and leaps and twirls. We had become friends. Now that we're older, 16 to be exact, his feelings for me have changed. He didn't tell me, but I already knew. I saw Jacob's rabbit coming down the street and I noticed Andrew's smile fade. Andrew wasn't bad looking. His hair was cut into a Beiber style, which Jacob and his friends made a point of making fun of, and his eyes were very light blue. He wore glasses, but took them off during practice. His face was okay to look at. Jacob, on the other hand, was perfection. His body was tan and muscular. He was tall and handsome beyond belief. He had this smile, my god, and his eyes, you wouldn't even believe. It was like everything about him was completely and totally what I wanted. Like, he was made especially for me. The problem was… "Hey, Squirt! You ready to head out?" Jacob called from the driver's seat of his car. He saw me as a little sister. "Yeah, Jake," I replied, getting in the passenger seat. I waved to Andy as we drove off and he waved back. "So, how was practice?" he asked me, turning down the car radio. "It was okay." I then went into explicit detail about every little thing that happened at practice. "You're good enough for the Olympics! For sure," he complimented. I heard it from my coach, but hearing it from Jacob made it all the more real. I knew that I loved Jacob since I was twelve years old. He's been in my life since then, too. I mean, I used to have this crush on Samantha's, my older sister, boyfriend, Seth. However, that was short lived. After I saw Jacob, I couldn't even really remember the other guy's name. Now, I'm sixteen years old, and arguably the sexiest thing walking around Forks High School. I have guys asking me out left and right. Every girl wants to be me and every guy wants to do me. However, I never gave in to the guys. If it wasn't Jacob, then it wasn't good enough. That's why, for the life of me, I can't understand why Jacob couldn't get with the program. I knew he had feelings for me. Sometimes I'll catch him staring at me and sometimes he'll say the sweetest things; things that would be inappropriate for an older brother to say. "What are you doing this weekend?" he asked out of the blue. I shrugged. "Nothing. Why?" "Do you want to go see a movie or something?" he asked. "Sure." I smiled brightly at him. I knew it didn't mean anything though. Jacob had taken me to tons of movies and nothing ever happens. We drove the rest of the way home in silence, each of us lost in our own thoughts. When we pulled up to my house, Jacob followed behind me. Jacob had been around for so long that he was basically family. He didn't need to ask for permission to come in our house anymore. The house was quiet. I expected as much. Ever since Baby Doll and Kaitlyn left for college, the house barely made a noise. Other than Jason, the cutest nephew in the world, of course. "You hungry?" I asked him already making my way towards the kitchen. I didn't need to wait to hear his response. I was only asking out of habit. Jacob was ALWAYS hungry. "Sure," he said, plopping himself down at the island. I took down a loaf of bread and started taking things out to make the four sandwiches that Jacob was about to inhale. We talked idly about school and his garage. Apparently, he was doing pretty well. I was happy for him, but I couldn't fathom the idea of being in a greasy garage all day. However, the thought of Jacob being in a greasy garage all day was something a little more appealing. I laid his sandwiches down in front of him and he started eating them immediately. My phone vibrated and I knew that I got a text message. It was Andy. What are you doing weekend? I'm going to the movies with Jake. Oh. Yeah, sorry. Maybe next time. I put my phone back in my pocket and Jacob gave me a weird look. "Who was that?" I shrugged. "Just Maggie," I lied. I didn't want Jacob to know that Andy and I were so close. I'm pretty sure that it wouldn't mean anything and it probably wouldn't change how he felt about me. I fixed myself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and sat across from Jacob. He stared at me and I could feel my cheeks reddening again. "What? Is there something on my face?" I asked, rubbing my face with my paper towel. "No. Do you want a glass of milk?" I nodded my head. See what I mean? He'd do things like that that would make me think that he liked me. Then, he'd act all brotherly. With this guy, I always felt like I never knew what to expect from him. The front door opened and I could hear Amber and Jason walking in. "Mello Jello!" He yelled coming into the kitchen. I picked him up and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "How was daycare?" I asked him. "Fun!" He flailed his arms and I put him back down. He immediately ran up to Jacob and Jacob picked him up and gave him a hug. Jacob had been in Jason's life for all of his life. He looked up to him. He even called him "Uncle Jakey". I would've been happier if Jason didn't think Jacob was our brother and instead thought that he was my husband. But, you know, whatever. "I wanna go to garage," Jason told him. Jacob smiled at him. "Maybe next weekend. If it's okay with your mom," Jake told him. I loved the relationship between Jason and Jacob. I could tell that Jacob was going to be an awesome dad some day. "It's no problem," Amber, my oldest sister, said walking into the kitchen. "Thanks for picking Melissa up from practice, again, Jacob." "No problem." Jacob's been picking me up from almost every practice for the past four years. However, Amber always made sure to thank him. "Are you staying for dinner?" she asked. Like always, Jacob said yes. "Good. It's fried chicken night!" she said excitedly. I swear, if food was involved in anything, Jacob and Amber had the same amount of enthusiasm. "Awesome!" See? Too much enthusiasm. Jacob and I sat in the kitchen and kept Amber company while she cooked. Every so often, I would look over and see Jacob staring at me. My heart would flutter, and he would look away as if nothing happened. After I set the table, Nate came home right on time. We started eating immediately. Amber learned by now that when it came to food, it was best to just let Jacob fix his own plate. Your arms would get tired from putting so much food on it. He didn't mind and neither did we. I think that out of all of the guys that came through here with Kaitlyn and Samantha, Amber and Nate liked Jacob best. After dinner, I walked Jacob to his car and he gave me a bear hug like he always does before he pulled off. Then, I went upstairs, attempted my homework, and went to sleep. This was how my days usually were. That weekend, I prepared myself for my "date" with Jacob. I wore a cute "date" dress that Maggie talked me into buying when we went shopping one time. She said it accentuated my curves. Back then, I didn't really have curves so I didn't really fill out the dress. Now, however, curves were definitely visible. I wore a small jacket over it and flats. I put my signature headband and waited upstairs for Jacob to come. 10 minutes before our date, there was a knock on the door. I waited for someone to answer it. "Melissa, Jake's here!" Nate screamed up the stairs. I took my time coming downstairs. I didn't want him to think I was too excited. "Wow, you look amazing!" Jacob said as I stood in front of him. I gave him my brightest smile and walked with him out the door. "What are we going to see?" Jacob asked me. Another thing that I loved about Jacob; he would always let me pick the movie. Honestly, I could say "hey Jacob, let's go watch a movie about ponies and unicorns," and Jacob would be just as eager to see it as if I had said "transformers". "How about we go see that new werewolf movie?" I asked him. Jacob got a little tense at the idea of it, but he wasn't like that for long. "What's wrong, Jacob? You afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?" I taunted. He gave a chuckle. "Nope," he answered. He wasn't going to get off that easy. "My name is Little Red Jake and I'm afraid of the Big Bad Wolf because he'll huff and puff and blow my house down," I teased as he drove closer to LaPush. "Little Red Jake? Are you being racist right now?" Jacob asked, a smile on his face and a laugh in his voice. I covered my mouth with my hands. I didn't mean for it to be racist. Jacob saw my expression and laughed. Like, he seriously laughed at me. He wiped the tears out of his eyes and everything. I rolled my eyes. "Whatever, Jacob. It's not funny!" I said laughing, too. After thirty minutes and Jacob's crazy driving, we were in Port Angeles theatre, waiting for Wolf Monster 3 to start. Jacob had gone to get popcorn and sodas and I was texting on my cell phone, blatantly ignoring the glares and