This is my third story; Embry's Oak. I hope you enjoy it. Chapter 1 I couldn't believe he did this to me. The one night that I had been waiting for all year, and he left me. I wiped my eyes furiously. Seth Clearwater, my EX-best friend and secret crush, had finally agreed to going to the spring dance with me. That's why I was wearing this stupid, fluffy, PINK dress. I hate pink. One time, Seth told me that I looked good in pink, so pink is what I wore. If it meant that Seth would like it, then I would do it. I've been in love with Seth Clearwater since we were both six. That's why, despite him having a girlfriend who he claims to be the love of his life, I still love him. I hoped that him agreeing to go to the dance with me would have definitely ensured our relationship. I was wrong. That's why I'm sitting outside of the gym at LaPush High crying my eyes out like a little bitch. "Are you okay?"Abigail asked. Abigail, my other best friend, knew all about my love for Seth. She saw him just up and leave me here. She knew why I was so distraught. Why was she asking me if I was okay? "Do I look okay?" I asked her, feeling my nose running. She shook her head and sat down next to me. "It's okay, Chris. Seth is an idiot. He doesn't realize what he's missing out on. He won't realize anything until he and that slut break up. How can he be so blinded?" she ranted. I was only half listening to her. I understood where she was coming from. "What can we do? We tried to break them up before, remember? It didn't go over well. They're back together. That's probably where he went," I complained. Fuck! What did Samantha have that I didn't? She was short, half black, and emo. I was tall, full Quileute, like Seth, and a star basketball player. What the hell? I wasn't ugly. I wasn't dumb. Maybe if I started cutting myself and wearing eyeliner, Seth would notice me. Ha, that would never happen. "I'm just going to head home. I can't go back in there," I told Abigail standing up. I looked like crap. All of my makeup had run off of my face. "I'll go with you," she offered. I shook my head. Abigail had a date that was crazy about her. I wasn't going to steal her away from him. "Stay here, Abby. I'm just going to go home and sleep. Have a good time and tell me all about it tomorrow, okay?" I walked towards my beat up car without giving Abigail a second look. I wanted to get out of here as soon as possible. I wasn't thinking as I pulled up to my house. I wasn't thinking when I stepped over my mom's passed out body. I wasn't thinking when I tore this ugly fucking dress off of me and put on sweats and a t-shirt. I wasn't thinking when I pulled my mother's unconscious body to her bed and left two aspirin on her bedside table. I only thought when I laid down in bed and continued to cry my eyes out. "I loved him and he hurt me," I kept repeating to myself. Seth Clearwater had broken my heart and I wasn't going to grin and bear it. The minute I saw him, I was going to give him a piece of my mind. He deserved as much. I didn't leave my bed much that Saturday or Sunday. I only laid around, cried, avoided my mother as she drunk herself stupid, and ate when it was absolutely necessary. I didn't answer my phone. The only person that called was Abby, and despite my promise, I didn't want to hear about her great time at the dance. I woke up Monday morning and made my way to school. I didn't see Seth, but I did see his friends Collin and Brady. I stomped over to them and the minute they saw me they tried to make a run for it. "Don't even think it! Where is he?" I asked, planning on releasing my anger, whether it be on Seth or one of his other friends. "He's at the hospital," Collin said, his eyes never meeting mine. I gasped and brought my hand over my mouth. Oh my gosh! I was cursing Seth's name, and he was at the Hospital. "What's wrong? Is he okay? Is Leah and Sue okay? Does he need me to stop by and…" "No, he's fine. Well, not really, but physically. Baby Doll was in a car accident and broke two ribs. She'll be fine, but he's still not leaving her side," Brady explained. My concern quickly dwindled. I didn't give two fucks about Samantha. I was more pissed that the car accident didn't fucking kill her. I left them and headed to class. Abigail gave me a worried look, but I brushed it off. I wasn't in the mood for the pity party. I only wanted to see Seth. After class, I went to the gym and played a little basketball, to relieve my stress. That was my week at school. From Monday to Friday, that was how my days were. At home, like every other day, I'd argue with my mom about her drinking, give up, and go to my room for the rest of the night. By Saturday, I gave up with the whole docile act. It was never my thing in the first place. Saturday afternoon, I made my way over to Seth's house and knocked on the door furiously. A recently woken up and very pissed off Leah answered the door. Just my luck. Leah hated my guts and the feeling was more than mutual. We never got along and me waking her up was sure to ensure that we'd never be besties. "What the hell do you want?" she asked, wiping her eyes. "Where's Seth?" I asked, ignoring her question. "Why?" she retorted. I rolled my eyes at her. I wasn't in the mood for this bull shit. "Why don't you just fucking tell me where he is?" A shiver went down Leah's spine and she started taking deep breaths. "He's at Sam Uley's place. Fuck you and fuck off." With that, she slammed the door in my face. I didn't care. I was going to save up all of this anger and direct it towards Seth. He was going to regret the day he ever messed with me. Asshole. The rez was a small place and I knew where everyone stayed. It was no problem going towards the edge of the reservation and finding Sam's house. It was nothing to sneeze at. It was painted yellow and had flowers in the front. It was probably his girlfriend Emily's doing. I smiled to myself. Everyone knew the story about Sam, Emily, and Leah. Sam finally realized that Leah was the bitchiest person alive and left her for her nicer and prettier cousin. Served her right. I was hoping that Seth would follow his example and leave Samantha for me, but it didn't exactly work out that way. I knocked on the door and Paul Lahote answered it. He opened it and smiled at me even though he didn't look too happy to see me. "Oh, shit! Seth, it's for you!" Paul screamed back into the house. I raised an eyebrow at him. It was pretty much common knowledge that all of them were in this top secret gang. I didn't care though. I wasn't afraid of any of them; especially Paul "fuck everything in a skirt" Lahote. Emily came out from behind him and pushed him out of the way. "Stop being rude, Paul," she chastised. Despite Emily's scars, she was still prettier than Leah and a lot freaking nicer. "Would you like to come in?" she offered. I was about to decline when Paul opened his mouth. "You don't wanna do that Emily. Believe me!" Emily brushed him off and pulled me in anyway. "Nonsense! Would you like a muffin?" "No thank you. I wont be here that long," I told her. I followed her to the backyard where the "gang" was. I saw Seth immediately. He was the one with Samantha sitting on his lap, basically feeding her like a baby. Her ribs were broken. Her hands were fucking fine. It made me want to puke. He looked up at me and I felt my eyes start to water. Why her and not me? I walked up to him and stood in front of him waiting for him to say something. Samantha stood up and gave me a small smile, which I returned to her with a scowl. Bitch. "Hey, Chris. Sorry I had to leave. Samantha got in a car accident and I…" I held my hand up to stop him. Not even a minute here and he was already making up freaking excuses. This guy. "Fuck you, Seth! Fuck you and that slut you call a girlfriend. Fuck this gang! I have no regrets about you leaving me at the dance. It was whatever. The only regret that I have about that entire day was that Samantha didn't die in the car crash!" I ranted and screamed at the top of my lungs. I've never seen Seth so pissed. He looked like he could've killed me then and there. I was scared, but I wasn't going to back down. Samantha put a hand on Seth's arm. "It's okay, Seth. Calm down. You don't want to freak out," she whispered. She didn't whisper quietly enough because I heard her. "Shut up! This is your entire fault. You stay the fuck out of it!" I said taking a step towards her. Seth moved in front of her, blocking her from me, but she walked around him. "Maybe you should leave, Christina. I don't think it'd be a good idea if you stayed here," she sneered. I looked down at her, trying to intimidate her. She didn't look intimidated. "That's a good idea." I turned around to see her twin standing behind me. I should've brought Abigail. We could've definitely taken those two girls. I rolled my eyes. "You're not even Quileute. You're not even welcomed here. You two should leave," I argued. Sam was about to open his mouth and say something but Jacob Black stopped him. He probably wanted to see a girl fight. He might get one. Samantha smirked and Kaitlyn walked around me. They both started circling me. Now I was the intimidated one. "She doesn't know me very well," Samantha said. "Nope. Lucky she caught you after you calmed down. A year ago and you would've done much less talking," Kaitlyn replied. I felt very small with their circling. I felt like their prey. Maybe coming here wasn't such a good idea after all. "She's just jealous," Kaitlyn commented. "I can't for the life of me understand why," Samantha said in a high pitched voice, mimicking Abby. "It might have to do with the fact that you're with Seth," Kaitlyn said with false revelations. "Really? Wow! Some people just don't know when to give up. I'll help you out Chris. I won. You lost. Get over it," Samantha said with a smirk on her face. "You know, I was actually going to try and befriend you. I can see how well that would've worked," she said before she sat down on Seth's lap again who had sat down during the whole thing. I stared at her and I've never been so mad in my entire. What the hell was I thinking coming over here? I didn't know that Samantha and Kaitlyn would go all freaking mobster on me. I turned around and left the backyard which was now completely quiet. It was filled