The Song of Aragorn and Boromir Characters/Pairing: Aragorn/Boromir, Aragorn/Arwen, Elrond, Legolas, Gimli, Imrahil, Beregond, and a veritable barrage of OCs Rating: PG-13 Disclaimer: Recognisable characters are the property of Professor Tolkien, the Tolkien estates, and New Line Cinemas. I'm just borrowing them for my inferior writings. Original characters belong to themselves. Summary: Mordor fell and Elessar was new-crowned, but even peace had its own dangers. Months after the coronation, the King and his Lord Steward faced their first test in the form of one Man's greed. Part I The Uruk-hai's grin was ugly and foul. The little ones were gone, carried away by orcs while Boromir had faltered from the two arrows buried in his chest. Boromir knew that his end had come for him; he was only glad that it was in battle. He knew that he deserved no songs, no accolades, for he had lost his honour from the moment he had leapt at Frodo, craving for the Ring that hung on its silver chain on the hobbit's neck. His lungs ached with each breath, but the Uruk-Hai was nocking its bow once more. Boromir looked his adversary in the eye, resigned to his fate. His honour was already lost. Then came Aragorn, his sword swinging in the mid-morning sunshine, chipped and dull yet beautiful and deadly still. Boromir watched with fading sight as his Captain took down the Uruk-hai, shoving a sword into his chest then cutting off his head. He heard his own name being called, but it was faint, barely audible, drowned out by the gurgle he could hear in his own lungs, the blood he tasted at the back of his throat. "Boromir!" "They took the little ones," said Boromir, gathering all of his strength to speak. Aragorn hushed him, "Don't speak." His hands moved to the arrows, lightly touching against the wounds, and Boromir's back arched at the pain, and blood bubbled at his lips as he tried to draw in more breath. "It is too late now." "No," Aragorn said, and his eyes were fierce and bright upon Boromir's own. He lifted Boromir's shoulder, and before another protest could form on the Steward's Son's lips, he was snapping the shafts until there were no feathers left. Then he pushed, and Boromir felt the arrowhead pierce through flesh and lung and bone until it came out on the other side, but he held back the scream. He had no right to make a sound from pain. He only said: "I tried to take the Ring from Frodo," and he condemned himself with those words. "Quiet, quiet—worry not, Boromir. The Ring is out of our reach now," Aragorn laid his hands on him, calluses on his skin, and Boromir breathed and felt their warmth sink inside him. It was more—much more—than he deserved. "Forgive me, I have failed you all." "You fought bravely. You have kept your honour," Aragorn said, and desperation strangled his voice. "It is over," he said, and he could already see it behind his eyelids, the great White Tower collapsing in flames as his world was drowned in the blood of Men. "The world of Men will fall, and all will come to darkness, and the city to ruin—" "Boromir!" Aragorn pulled at his tunic, moved to his face to cup it until Boromir had no choice but to look at him. There was brightness in Aragorn's eyes that hinted of tears, but it could not be—it could not, for Boromir was worth no such grief, not from a Man like Aragorn. "I know not what strength is in my blood," said Aragorn, his voice hoarse and his fingers shaking on Boromir's chest, "but I swear to you that I will not let the White City fall, or our people to fail. I will not let you fail, Boromir. In turn, you must not fail me!" "Our people," he murmured, and he reached out and clasped Aragorn hard onto the shoulder, holding his gaze. It was an unspoken promise on both sides, and it warmed his heart greater than Aragorn's hands on his skin. "Our people." He did not see Legolas and Gimli's approach, but he heard Aragorn's begging: for Legolas to find kingsfoil, for the dwarf to build a fire. He did not see Aragorn make the poultices, wet with Anduin's waters, to be bound across his chest, on the wounds. He barely felt Gimli taking his hand, nearly crushing the bones with how hard he had grasped it, because they had already lost Gandalf, and the thought of losing another of their own was far too much to bear. He did not smell the poultices when they started to stink as badly as the orc corpses around them, having pulled out all of the poisons until Aragorn had to use a cloth to peel them off his skin. He did not see Aragorn's eyes, vivid blue with desperation and darkened with guilt, as he pressed an ear to Boromir's chest and felt him take a breath—but only one lung moved. Boromir only knew that it took a great effort to not make a sound of complaint. His pride was rent, scattered in pieces at Frodo's feet, and the only manner left to him to prove to himself that he was a man of valour. He did not say a single word, but he fought the poisons with everything he had. He fought, for he had made a promise to his uncrowned King. He would not fall; not here, not before he reached his White City and watched Aragorn crowned. He knew naught after that, for his eyes failed him, and he slipped into a healing stupor. Later, Legolas would tell him that Aragorn had taken his hand, kissing the knuckles torn by constant battles. Later, Gimli would swear that he saw Aragorn weep, and in his weeping shed the disguise of the Ranger of the North, for it was then that he swore to become a King worthy of the Steward's Son who had fallen to Isildur's Bane but had enough strength and honour to claw himself back out. Later, Boromir would wake, asking for the little ones, and they would stumble, as swift-footed as they dared, towards Isengard. Boromir would not let himself rest, despite his injuries, and to aid his efforts Aragorn used every trick he had learned from Elrond Half-Elven, the greatest healer of Middle Earth. Later, the Riders of Rohan would meet them, and Éomer Horse-Lord would give Aragorn another new name—Wingfoot—for his speed. He would name his friend Boromir Half-Breath for his injuries and Boromir the Valiant for his efforts in trying to rescue two little Halflings. There were children in Gondor who had never seen the skies cleared, always had they been covered by the grey and black of Mordor, the Shadows veiling even the sun. Yet King Elessar lived up to his mother's name of Estel , for with his reign came the sun that peeped out from the dark clouds to shine upon the city, and the heavens were so striking clear that there were no cloud to be seen. The winds blew gently through the gates, cooling the sun's heat, and many of the older folk swore that they had not seen such good weather in an age. Boromor noticed none of it. He noted that his sword gleamed brighter than usual in the sun's light, but he simply shifted his wrist, turning the glare from his eyes, and pressed on. His feet danced against the grass of the inner gardens of the Steward's House, creating a breeze stronger than anything the far-off sea could bring. He brought the sword downwards, cutting down an imaginary enemy, turning with strong hips as he swung it with one arm, slicing through another's torso. It was a beautiful, deadly dance, and the Lord Steward's hair was a burnished gold, slicked against his skin from sweat. His chest heaved hard, fighting for breath, and eyes unknowing would not have noticed the brief trembling of his wrist. His watcher knew him well, however. Aragorn stepped away from the wall where he had hidden himself as he watched Boromir's silent battle, reaching forward and curling his fingers around his Steward's wrist, holding it still. Their eyes met for a long moment before Boromir sighed quietly, lowering his sword and sliding it back to its sheath. On his neck the Evenstar, seated on its Elven-wrought chain alongside the green Ring of Barahir, glinted in the sunlight. "Aye," said Boromir, careful to not press a hand against the wounds that still ached so long after their closing. He flashed Aragorn a smile. "There is the Council to meet. You will see your first pensioners today, milord." Aragorn raised an eyebrow, "I have met enough of those in my days in Ecthelion's court, Boromir. As I recall, they are not as fearsome as you make them out to be." "'Tis my grandfather's attention they sought at the time, and they knew his stern ways. They know not yours, hence they will wish to take as much advantage as they could while you still looked for your feet in Gondor." Boromir shook his head. "Be wary." Turning around, Aragorn took his hand. He raised it to his lips, brushing against the callused knuckles. "I have you by my side, my Steward," murmured he. "I fear naught." Boromir shook his head, but he could not help the fond smile as he stepped closer to his sworn Captain, his crowned King. "Faramir will be of greater aid to you this morn, milord, for I have always fared badly with the Council." Aragorn reached out, his fingers curling around the joined jewels on Boromir's neck. "Ah, but Boromir," he said, as solemnly as he could, "'tis not counsel I need from you, but your impatience, your scowl, your unquiet sigh, and all else you have given me, whether in Caradhas, Edoras or the Pelennor Fields itself, when you believed I was dallying making a decision of sense." "Ah," said Boromir, as if suddenly knowing. His eyes sparkled, a green as deep as the sea his mother had once loved. "I am to be your amusement in Council?" "Nay," said Aragorn, kissing his fingers once more. "You are my Lord Steward and you shall be my advisor. We shall hurry, or else we will be late." Boromir took a step back, and gave him a deep bow, "Aye, milord." Above, shaded by a great lebethron , Lord Elrond of Imladris stepped back from the balcony looking over the gardens. He was frowning deeply, hands tight by his sides as he turned around, stepping past the threshold into the temporary quarters of his daughter, Arwen Undómiel. The new Queen had papers strewn over her wooden desk, her silk sleeves folded back to expose pale, slender wrists as she looked through the accounts of the royal household. Many parts of the Citadel had fallen in disrepair during the periods of long war, and the King's apartments needed to be refitted and, in many cases, rebuilt entirely from the old designs. It had been nearly a thousand years since a King had sat upon a throne; longer still had the King's Chambers and the Queen's Bower been abandoned. If Aragorn had Minas Tirith and Gondor as a whole to heal and rebuild, then Arwen had the Citadel to do the same. At her father's sigh, Arwen raised her head, eyes as blue as the night sky enquiring. "He has dishonoured you," her father bit out the words, slamming his hand against the table. His daughter immediately steadied the papers that threatened to fall off before she sighed quietly, placing her quill on its seat as she stood. "Nay, father, he has not." Elrond almost trembled with anger, his eyes narrowing as he stared towards the direction the lovers had gone. "You have Chosen for him, my daughter, and yet he gives you only half of his