Hello people of the internet. I do not own the Hunger Games (unfortunately, muahahahahahahaha), only the plot and a couple of the characters. Enjoy. Nina's POV: The elevator ground to a halt and the steel doors slid open silently. I was on the roof. Cool. I had been making a tour of the training centre building and since we weren't allowed in the other district floors, the roof was pretty much the only place to explore. I step out onto the cold stone floor and instantly feel the icy fingers of the wind whip up my back and along my arms. Shit, I should have brought a coat. Oh well, maybe next time. The Capitol is actually quite amazing from up here, I think, looking over the railings at the partying people below on the streets. They may be freakishly dressed psychopaths with silly accents but they sure know how to celebrate. I remember the cheers of the vast crowds on the way to the city centre, when I was dressed in a ridiculous silver outfit that apparently represented power, and had roses thrown at me from every angle. I may be being sent to my death but at least I get praised for it, right? "Hi." I jump a foot in the air before spinning around to face the owner of the unwanted voice. The boy from District 12 stares back at me. I've forgotten his name. He has sandy blond hair and the most beautiful blue eyes. He's also really tall and I have to crane my neck a little to be able to look him in the face. He looks like a nice, caring kind of guy, though, not the 'I'm gonna break your friggin neck' kind. "Sorry for startling you." His voice is fairly deep but soft as well. It would be easy to get lost in his words. Blushing a little, I realised that he was waiting for my reply. "Don't worry. I guess my mind is already in the arena." "I know, right?!" he replied, a smile playing across his lips. "Every time a door shuts or someone chews their food too loudly, I jump and raise my hands to defend myself." "Same!" A smile stretches across my face too. This guy is actually pretty cool. I may have to kill him in a few days but, hey! Those are just minor details that I can deal with at the time! "I'm sorry, I suck at remembering names, so I don't remember yours from the reaping." "Oh, yeah." He extended his right hand and I raised mine to shake his. "I'm Peeta Mellark. And you are?" "I would be the fabulous Nina Vixen from District 5, come to eat all the Capitol's food and leave none for the rest of you," I said, with a big, flourishing bow and an over exaggerated flick of my fiery orange hair, causing it to end up spread out all over my face. Peeta snorts, trying to keep his laughter under check. I then remember his districts fiery entrance earlier that evening. "Nice outfit for the opening, by the way." "Thanks. Your outfit was cool too." We lean up against the railings looking down upon the ant sized people on the streets. Peeta turns to me and raises an eyebrow. "What exactly were you?" "Well, I tried as hard as I could to act like the object the costume was based on, to make it more realistic." Peeta raises his eyebrow even further. I throw my head back, sticking my nose in the air with sarcastic haughtiness. "I thought I made excellent tin foil." He chuckles again. It feels good to make him laugh. Most of my friends at home took my sense of humour for granted or found it annoying, but when Peeta laughs, it's like he actually thinks I'm funny! "So, what do you get up to in District 12?" His eyes grow slightly distant at the mention of his home, probably thinking of all the things he's going to miss if he dies. I've decided that I'm not going to get teary about dying. You can either cry about it or laugh it off. It doesn't change anything. Peeta shakes his head slightly as if to clear it. "I'm a baker's son. I've been training all my life to flour people to death." I chuckled. "Sounds pretty cool. We just learn about electricity and shit like that. It's so boring that at least 5 times a year somebody shocks themselves to death just to get out of it." I never saw why people chose to go like that. If you want to die, then you should volunteer in the Hunger Games to save someone else from having to. Better to die, knowing you saved someone and their entire family from grief than die pointlessly. That's how I see it anyway. Peeta and I stand in silence for a couple of minutes, looking over the city, enjoying the company. "I wonder what tomorrow's going to be like?" I think aloud. Peeta turns to face me slightly, a thoughtful look filling his features. "I mean, I know we're going to the training room underground and they're going to teach us how to be super ninja's or something, but it sounds like it's going to be terribly boring and… Hey, hey, hey!" I jump up and down excitedly, facing a now greatly amused looking Peeta. "Why don't we go around the hall together?!" I can see him mulling it over. "It will be far less dull, not to mention the fact that we'll be intimidating everyone else by even talking to each other. What do you say?" I stand in front of Peeta and attempt (and fail greatly) to do puppy dog eyes. Peeta laughs at my expression, but I can see I've still won him over. Just to make it official, Peeta nods his head and I think my smile now looks like that of the Cheshire Cat's from a stupid Capitol movie. I thrust out my hand and we shake on it. "Well, I shall see you tomorrow, Bread Boy," giving Peeta a mock salute, as I slowly back away towards the elevator. He returns the salute. "Good day to you too, FoxFace." I raise my eyebrows a bit but nod my head in approval to my new nickname as the doors to the elevator drift shut with a ding. I may have to kill him later, but for now, I've got a friend! Peeta's POV: I woke up to a persistent knock on the door and Effie's promise that today was going to be a "big, big day!" Instead of yelling obscenities at her, I rolled out of bed and began to get ready in the outfit set aside for me on the end of my bed. I think of my conversation with Nina. She was really fun to be around and I find I'm actually quite excited to see her again. Maybe she can cheer Katniss up. On second thoughts, Katniss is forever sullen and cynical. I used to have the biggest crush on her as a kid, but to be honest, it kind of washed away over the years. I slowly stroll into the dining area. Effie immediately starts having a go at me for being slightly late and Katniss looks like she's trying to shit bricks. Haymitch just looks depressed because of his new ban on alcohol. I ignore everyone and gather together some breakfast from the cart. I smile a little when I remember Nina's comment on how she was here purely to eat all the Capitol's food. When I'm finally sat down and starting to eat, Haymitch speaks up. "Okay, you two. I've been through all of your strengths and abilities on the train, but there is one last thing I need to tell you." Katniss and I look up from our food and share a puzzled look over the table. Haymitch continues. "In public, I want you by each other's side every minute, okay?" Katniss's face turns murderous, but she doesn't object. I, on the other hand, blush slightly. I already agreed to train with Nina… "Umm… Haymitch…" He whips his head around and dares me with his glare to continue. I clear my throat and carry on speaking. "I… kind of… already agreed to… train with someone…" I trail off at the shocked looks and raised eyebrows being sent my way. No one ever usually makes friends with others in the Hunger Games unless they're careers. Everyone else pretty much just tries to stick it through alone. "And who might that be?" Haymitch asks. I nearly reply with 'FoxFace' but I catch myself and surpress a grin. "District 5 Female, Nina Vixen." Katniss sniggers across the table but I send her a death glare and she shuts up. Haymitch, meanwhile, nods to himself murmuring under his breath. Eventually he looks up at me. "Yes, that's fine." He looks at his watch. "You two should probably get going." Katniss and I stand up and follow Effie to the elevator. Training. Piece of cake. Nina's POV: I bounce around excitedly inside the elevator, my District partner giving me increasingly annoyed looks the further we descend. As soon as we reach the correct floor, I sprint out of the elevator to the middle of the huge hall and jump up next to Peeta. He's standing beside a girl who looks so far up her own arse that it's killing me to not point it out. She looks at me with disgust and turns to listen to whatever the head trainer has to say. Bitch. I nudge Peeta's arm to get his attention. "Heya, Bread Boy." A tiny smile pulls at the corners of his mouth as he replies. "Heya to you too, FoxFace." We listen to the head trainer for a bit and then she finally dismisses us. I turn to Peeta. "What shall we do first?" Peeta opens his mouth to speak but the little bitch from before pushes between us. "I think we should tie knots." She starts striding over to the knot station, but turns back when she sees we're not following. "Come on , Peeta." I raise my eyebrows at Peeta. She expects him to go with her . Peeta gave me a slightly nervous, pitying look. "My mentor said that me and Katniss have to go around and train together." He rolls his eyes to show that he was nowhere near happy about this unfortunate situation. I let out a sigh. "Knot tying it is." And so the day goes on. Every time Peeta or I try to make a suggestion on what to do next, the bitch pulls us in a different direction. After knots we ended up doing fire starting (which I sucked at, but Peeta was awesome at), hammock building (which I was okay-ish, but Peeta was crap at) and finally berry identification (which I excelled at and Peeta almost ate nightlock). We then had to go into a side hall with the other tributes to eat lunch. We got to the food trolley and Katniss bent over the cart to reach something on the other side. I act out shooting myself in the head to Peeta and he bursts out laughing. Katniss jumps up and glares at the two of us. Peeta tries to choke down his laughter but Katniss's constipated look of 'frustration' just makes him laugh more. I quickly sidestep around Katniss and guide Peeta to an empty table before she explodes on him. We spend the rest of lunch ignoring Katniss and whenever she tries to get a word in edgeways, we change the topic. When Katniss is pissed, her right eye starts twitching. It's hilarious. After lunch we head to the weapon's side of the main hall. Katniss, now in an even sourer mood because we'd been ignoring her, went to the throwing weapons section. Brilliant. Although I