Disclaimer : All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Title : Follow You Down Pairing : Embry/Bella Rating : MA Genre : ALL THE ROMANCE! Beta/Pre-reader: None Summary : She was everything he needed, and she vowed to follow him anywhere. She thought she had, but in reality, their journey was just beginning. A continuation oneshot of drabble #4 in "Crazy, Beautiful Life." AN : So, over on TR, our site owner, MP, was in a car accident over Memorial Day weekend. While she recovered, I offered to write all the Embry porns she wanted - well, she took me up on that offer. This took me longer than I expected it to, but that has been the case with much of my writing lately. Le sigh. Anyway, she requested these particular porns be soft and loving (read also: not full of heartfail, my normal specialty - you should see the names she calls me … *grins*) so I thought I would do a little continuation of a drabble I wrote last fall, one I know MP (and others) really enjoyed. Granted, there is a LITTLE drama but it makes the "soft and loving" part all the more sweet. This new part is based on a prompt provided by Chrissi HR, which actually goes perfectly with this idea. It was a photo of a hotel sign, one from The Palms Motor Lodge in Portland, Oregon, the same one mentioned in this oneshot. Anyway, the first 500 words or so in this are the original drabble, included for context. It's called 'Follow' and can also be found 'Crazy, Beautiful Life'. You'll know which is which because I italicized the original. I DID HOWEVER tweak it just a tiny bit since I no longer have word limit restrictions, so make sure to re-read it. *grins* Hope you guys enjoy! Suggested Listening: "Here With Me" by Susie Suh & Robot Koch, "Something About You" by The Cary Brothers, "Follow You Down" by Matthew Mayfield . Bella's hands trembled, her eyes on the empty hotel parking lot. She had no idea where they were. All she knew is she was somewhere between where they were going and where she wanted to be. Glancing over her shoulder, Bella was anxious, listening for the sound of the shower through the open bathroom door. She knew her mother had to be close to finished. Bella closed her eyes, all of it coming back - the anger, the tears, the memory of her father calling her mother. He'd said he tried everything, but nothing worked. Her father hadn't kept Bella away from him. Charlie's words … He's no good for you, Bella. You deserve a better life. To not make the same mistakes I made… Her mother's … God, they'd made the biggest mistake possible. If she takes you, I'll find you. He'd promised her. It hadn't mattered. She came home from work at the diner to find her mother loading suitcases filled with everything Bella owned into the back of a car she didn't recognize. Bella screamed. She cried, but an hour later, she was in the backseat anyway, leaving her life and everything she loved behind. He never showed up … And she had no choice, her mother said. Bella opened her eyes. Taking a deep breath, she swallowed back tears … Noticing the cloud of dust before her gaze could even clear. She watched as a station wagon - one that looked too familiar - peeled into the vacant lot, tires protesting against the pavement. Bella's heart stopped when the car screeched to a stop. She knew that voice, calling for her to get in the car. She knew those eyes, wild with determination, somehow apologizing for being late. Her feet moved before she could think, and Bella fumbled through the hotel room door, her body buzzing with adrenaline as she grabbed her suitcase from the floor. Shooting one last glance toward the bathroom, she noticed the water had stopped running. She ran, losing track of her steps. He pushed open the door and she tumbled into the seat. Dust swirling around them, the car was already moving by the time she pulled the door closed. Wind whipped her hair around her face, but she could still see those eyes, peering at her from the driver's seat. It wasn't a mistake. It was worth the trouble. There was no better way. She'd found what was good for her, hidden away from the rest of the world but buried deep within a pair of ebony eyes that could see straight to her soul. The tears came anyway. "You came," she whispered with a breathless smile. Embry's hand stretched out to find her, one finger tracing a small circle on her stomach, just below her belly button. "I had to come get my girls," he grinned. Bella leaned across the distance separating them, pushing her lips against his. Not caring about the road, she twisted her fingers through his hair, trying to pull him as close as she could. It didn't matter how he'd found her or who might follow. It didn't matter where they were going. She had what she needed. And she would follow him anywhere. . . Taking a deep breath, Bella reached up, using her palm to wipe the condensation off the dingy bathroom mirror. Using her other hand, she pushed strands of wet hair from her shower away from her face. The lighting in the bathroom left a lot to be desired, but it wasn't enough to hide the person staring back at her. It wasn't enough to keep her from staring forlornly at the tired, haggard reflection in the mirror. She looked terrible, and she doubted she needed a mirror to confirm it. She looked like she'd been through hell and back in a matter of forty-eight hours. Still, she studied her appearance in the mirror. Her eyes were red and bloodshot, lids swollen from the countless tears she shed, and Bella knew there was no amount of hot showers that could wipe away the evidence from everything she'd felt up until eight hours ago. Eight hours ago … Despite the way she looked, Bella could only watch in awe as a small yet grateful smile spread slowly across her lips. Because no matter what led up to where she was - no matter what was reflected on the outside - things were better now. She was better now, and she was where she was supposed to be. She was supposed to be in this dark bathroom in this one-man, musty hotel room off Interstate 5 in Portland. She was supposed to look the way she did because it was a reminder, if nothing else, of just how thankful she was he had kept his promise after all Embry had found her, and it also was a testament to how much she regretted ever doubting him. Holding her breath, Bella shut her eyes on her reflection and instead let her hand travel down. Fingers skimmed across her abdomen, and she could finally feel the small but prominent bump beneath the white, nicotine-scented towel wrapped around her body. She was thankful he had found both of them - her and their unborn child, the existence of the tiny life inside her the reason all of it had happened in the first place. Bella still had no idea how Embry figured it out, or how he knew which hotel she and her mother had stopped at somewhere in California on their way to Phoenix. She had no idea whose foreign, beat-up station wagon they were in or where they were going. She tried to care about what she was leaving behind, flickers of other thoughts passing through her head - her friends and family, how worried her mother would be, how she may never see Charlie again. She tried , but she couldn't - not then, not yet . In that moment, the only thing she cared about was the fact they were together. Her family was together, and that was all she needed. After a couple hours of driving, though, Bella had figured out they were backtracking, heading the way she had come with her mother only a day earlier. When she asked Embry why, he kept his eyes on the road, squeezing her hand a little tighter before he replied, "Closer to home is the last place they'll expect us to go." It was close to two a.m. before Embry finally pulled the car off the interstate. Gently nudging Bella, who was dozing on his shoulder, he pointed to the neon sign that appeared clear as day from the road. "We'll stop here," he whispered, turning his face just enough to land a tender kiss on her forehead, prompting her to give him a drowsy smile. Bella didn't question his choice, even when he pulled into the parking lot. She had a couple weeks before she turned eighteen, so Embry - who had been eighteen for several months - left her in the running car to get a room. It gave her a chance to look around and really take in where they were. It looked like the kind of place she'd seen in cheesy horror films, but it also looked like the a place she knew they would end up. Her mother had taken everything from her - her cell phone, her checkbook - and Bella had no idea how much money Embry had brought with him. The motel gave her a pretty good idea. Bella didn't mind, though. They would make the best of it. None of what lay ahead of them was going to be easy, but she already knew that. They would figure it out … somehow. Pink-painted toenails curling into the cold laminate beneath her feet, Bella hurriedly ran a brush through her dark hair before giving herself one last look in the mirror. Grateful for the relief she could see so clearly in her features, she capitalized on it. With a deep breath, she tore her eyes away from her reflection and turned toward the door. Switching off the bathroom light, Bella leaned against the doorframe, eyes immediately locating Embry. He was sitting on the double bed, the threadbare, rust-colored comforter beneath him a stark contrast to his faded, torn blue jeans. His hands were in his lap, fingers wrung together as he stared at them, not even looking up when Bella closed the bathroom door behind her. Smiling anyway, she tightened the towel around her body, pushing back another errant strand of wet hair before padding softly across the green shag carpet. "Hey," she whispered, approaching him quietly. "You okay?" Embry nodded, but didn't look up from his hands. "Yeah." Bella frowned, immediately recognizing the tone of his voice - it was too steady, too controlled, a certain indicator something was bothering him. "Are you sure?" It was his turn to smile, although it wasn't reassuring as he peered up at Bella, one hand running distractedly through disheveled hair. The dim light from the bedside lamp behind him cast shadows on his face, darkening both his eyes and the expression he wore. "Bella, I'm okay, I'm just … thinking." Taking another step, Bella tried to read his body language, but he was stoic and resolute, revealing nothing. Still, Bella didn't miss the flicker of anxiety in his eyes when he quickly glanced away. His eyes were always what gave him away. "Embry," she ventured, brows furrowing in confusion. "Are you worried they're gonna find us? Is that what this is about? You paid cash for the hotel room, so there's no way my dad can trace it …" "It's not that," Embry interrupted with a