Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. AN: This was my entry for the Paws & Art 2.0, a banner prompt contest. The banner I chose was of Embry, Bella, and Jacob, with the words 'Everybody Knows' as a tentative title. Congrats to all the winners and I hope you all enjoy this! She could hear it all. Everyone around her moved. Empty plates slid across varnished wood and chairs pushed back. Hands reached for glasses and voices talked over one another. She could see it. A scene she knew by heart, surrounded by a family she'd been part of for years. It was nothing out of the ordinary. But she was paralyzed. Frozen in place. She couldn't feel a thing. Except for him . Except for those eyes. On her. Her, and nothing else. Never straying throughout the meal. They found her, just as they settled on her years ago, never really understanding why. She lifted one leaden hand, spreading each finger before painstakingly placing them over her silverware. Yet, she didn't pick up the fork pressing against her palm. She stood instead, voices filtering back into her ears the moment her feet hit the floor. She reached forward instinctively, claiming her empty plate. Move. One foot in front of the other. Keep walking. Focusing on the feel of the ceramic beneath her fingertips, she shifted away, turning her back to him. Smiling at the others. Finally moving away from those eyes. But they followed. Like steel to an unforgiving magnet. She withered under his gaze, knowing what would come. Walking away wasn't enough, because she could feel it starting – a heat blossoming beneath her resolve, forming in her stomach and curling its way deliriously through her veins. Despite it all, she loved it when he watched her. It didn't matter how he did. It didn't matter where they were, or how long he let his gaze linger. Every inch of her skin felt his black eyes, the intensity she knew clouded the corners. She could tell when he raked them over her frame, taking in every curve and graceful movement she made. Mapping out paths he already knew. He followed her everywhere. Every piece of him. Every last bit of his presence. A rich, sweet scent. Unyielding eyes that robbed her of sense. The feel of rough, copper skin beneath her hands. The taste of it against her mouth. A shudder ripped through her body, and voices again were lost somewhere in the distance. The heat enveloped her from the inside out. She lost track of exactly how she made it to the sink, depositing her plate before moving to the refrigerator. Her fingers curled around its door, opening it in one swift movement to retrieve a bottle of water. It was an acceptable ruse to prolong her escape from the table. But in reality, a better excuse, a subconscious decision to give him an unobstructed view of everything he craved, and everything she wanted to give him. Again. Finally turning, she couldn't stop her gaze when it swept over the table. She couldn't help it as those eyes finally met hers. And again she hesitated, peering back at him carefully. The look of intense reverie – an expression carrying a deep pool of secrets – held her. Captured her. Refused her escape. Drew her in. The same way it always did. He sat near the head of the table, to the left of Sam. For one infinite second, she let her stare sweep over his features. His strong, pronounced jaw. His full, bottom lip. Those eyes. Onyx orbs that knew everything. A stare that knew her . Feeling the anxious indents made by fingers against plastic, her gaze tipped down, not missing the ghost of a smile that pulled at his lips. She held her breath, studying the aging floorboards beneath her feet until his eyes faltered. Allowing both her sense and her hearing to return. "Bella?" Looking up, she blinked wildly, a familiar voice clearing the oblique haze from both her mind and vision. She met another stare. Eyes connecting with the man to whom she belonged. To the soul that owned her. Not the eyes that watched her. Jacob Black smiled, one brow rising curiously over his eye. "You okay, Bells? Thought we lost you there for a minute." Blinking again, she let her face dip toward the floor, heart hammering against her ribs. Closing her eyes, she drew in a slow, purging breath. Hoping like hell it would hide the crimson burn in her cheeks. Better yet, praying the moment would help mask the shame in her eyes. She looked up, lashes fluttering as she returned Jacob's smile, doing her best to appease his quiet concerns, while his gaze did its best to soothe her. "Sorry," she apologized quietly, her voice nearly lost among the din of the others. "Daydreaming." Jacob chuckled and she kept her mahogany eyes trained on him, even though she could feel it again. A glance toward her from the other side of the table. The heat within lulled to a simmer, but it was still there, no matter how she tried to smother it. She swore silently to herself. It was always like this. This desire – this natural, human need – churning just below the surface. Scratching at her insides, begging to be turned loose. Longing to be seen. A nagging she could never quite ignore. But she pushed it down anyway, trying to extinguish the burn by focusing on the palliative comfort of Jacob's presence in front of her. He was her balance, her steady ground. It was always him that pulled her back. To this life. To this family that needed her. One sweep of her eyes revealed the others gathered around the dinner table. Sam Uley's steady presence at the head, with Jacob to his right. Her eyes passed over her empty chair, catching Quil Ateara's toothy grin as he reached out and punched Seth Clearwater in the arm. Emily's chair was also empty, but Bella could hear her movements as she floated effortlessly around the kitchen, already focused on cleaning up the mess left in dinner's wake. Leah Clearwater sat on the opposite side of the table, leaning into Paul Lahote as she whispered something to him, a joke or comment meant only for their ears. And him. Bella's mouth dried, and she could feel her heart pumping frantically. She was slipping, drowning in eyes that swept away tradition. Losing herself in a gentle presence that had a way of making her forget about duty. She could also tell when he noticed. His tense jaw and the creases of concern on his forehead were always too much, bleeding with a regard he wasn't supposed to show. It always happened when she looked too long. So she did what she always did. She pulled back, because she had to. Because she had no other choice. Returning her eyes to Jacob, she ignored the vicious ache in her chest, offering him another easy, friendly smile. On the outside, she was steady. Confident, even if the same could never be said for what consistently boiled just below her skin. She took a couple steps, feet heavy, arm lifting from her side until her hand came to a rest on Jacob's shoulder. He watched her. His eyes followed her too, and the intensity behind them conveyed the same love, the same passion as the pair across the table. But her heart didn't pound. Her fingers didn't tremble. Instead, she felt nothing except the subtle warmth of friendship. A mutual respect and a simple, unexciting love for someone who had always been important to her. A man who needed her the same way she once needed him. For survival. Because she was Jacob's imprint, and he was her best friend. Nothing less. Nothing more. And standing before him, even now, with their inherent connection flickering through the far corners of her being, it wasn't his name running through her mind. It wasn't his presence overpowering her senses. It wasn't his body she wished was beneath her hands. And those thoughts were what triggered robotic reminders. Reminders she had to keep up this facade. Bending at the waist as Jacob's head tipped back, her lips met his in a soft, effortless kiss. He smiled against her mouth, and her fingers curled into his shoulder. Still, she felt nothing except the ache in her chest and the burning sting deep in the corners of her eyes. And those eyes from across the table, because moments like these were when she swore she could feel him burning holes straight through her body. And in that instant, it was too much. Bella pulled away first, giving Jacob's shoulder an affectionate squeeze before placing the water bottle on the table and letting her arms drop to her sides, hands balling into tense fists. "I'm gonna run to the bathroom...get cleaned up a bit." Jacob nodded as she straightened, his gaze lingering for a moment. "We're probably going to head down to the beach for the bonfire in a minute or two. Want us to wait for you?" She shook her head. She needed a minute. A minute to clear her head so she could keep going. So she could make it through this night and remember why she needed to. It was a continuous process, one she knew by heart. Bella took a step back from his chair. "No, that's okay. I'll catch up." Jacob's head bobbed once more in acknowledgment before turning in his chair, facing the table as conversation steadily flowed between the its occupants. Nobody questioned it when she fled from the stifling room, a weight bearing down on her in the absence of others, the pressure of it simultaneously crushing and freeing her with each step she took. Bella held her breath until she reached the bathroom, almost stumbling across the threshold before throwing her body against the door. It clicked shut the same time her breath escaped. Each subsequent inhale and exhale left her lungs in quick, forced breaths. She tried holding one or two in, tried getting a handle on the emotions fighting desperately to crawl their way to the surface. But even as she managed to push herself away from the door, reaching the sink, she knew it was going to take longer this time. She was losing it. Losing her head. Losing control. It was getting worse. It was getting harder. Harder to smile. Harder to pretend. Harder to resist. Harder to walk away. The breaking point she'd been hurtling toward for far too long was suddenly within reach. Damn it, how did she let it get this far? Bella's cheeks blazed as she closed her eyes, hands gripping the sink's laminate surface. She ignored the churning in her stomach, but wondered anyway, entirely too aware of this feeling – this desire – surging through her veins. How did the others ignore it? How did they not know when she felt it so wholly? When it consumed her? How did they not see it? What he did to her. What they had always been to each other. What they still were to each other. Embry... His name echoed in her mind, wrapping itself around her aching heart. Heightening her senses. Gutting her, yet igniting an unquenchable fire all in a single breath. He had been her choice. One made long ago by two people who still had one. Before the imprint. Back when love was enough. God, there were days she wished she could go back. Back to the beginning. Back to the time her strength meant nothing to anyone but herself. Back to the