Title : Come In Closer Pairing/character : Embry Rating : MA Genre : Drama/Romance/Some smutty things ;) AU/AH. Prompt : SpongeBob … and "I came here to fuck bitches." Thanks, Chrissi... smh. ;) Summary : She was intoxicating, unexpected, and Embry welcomed it. For the first time in his life, there was nothing smart about what he did. There was nothing predictable about it. Absolutely none of it made sense, which is why he trusted it as much as he did. ~oOo~ Suggested Listening: "Come in Closer" by Blue October, "West Coast" by Lana Del Rey Slamming into the cool, bathroom wall, the impact didn't matter—all Embry felt was softness, warmth, heat pressed against his chest, the body it emanated from prone and willing beneath his hands. He tried opening his eyes, but her lips captured his too quickly, the movement of her mouth against his stealing the fucking breath in his lungs and forcing his eyes shut in a useless attempt to gain his bearings. He didn't—he couldn't , because she felt too good. She tasted too good, and Embry wanted to drown in every single feeling this girl pushed through his veins. This girl… fuck, he didn't even know her name. And the worst part was, in that moment, he didn't care. Which is why it made no sense. There was no logic behind it, no good motivation except for a perpetual loneliness he couldn't escape. It resembled restlessness—a yearning for something more, for something maybe even a little dangerous and unexpected. Because life for Embry until that point was a never-ending cycle of routine. He woke up, went to work, came home, and went to bed. Lather, rinse, repeat. It was like that for a long time. The monotony of it screamed at him, more in recent months than before. Embry knew why… He was existing , but he wasn't living… not really. And the saddest part was it took him nearly twenty-six years to figure it out. The night out was Paul's idea. He wanted them to meet his new girl. " It's nothing serious, but …" The words came straight from Paul's mouth, reason enough for Embry to consider declining the invitation. Paul was Embry's best friend since childhood, and it was safe to say Embry knew him better than anyone. They grew up together, forming an even closer bond after Paul's mom took off when he was eight. Paul's father spiraled into a drunken downslide, often forgetting he had a son to care for, and Paul sought refuge with Embry and his mother, often for days at a time. After high school, Paul hurried to escape their small reservation on Washington's Olympic Peninsula. His desire to cut ties with a place containing so many ghosts, so many bad memories, traveled with him long after he moved to a town forty-five minutes away. The desire changed to disinterest-in putting down roots, in settling down, especially when it came to women. And Paul liked it that way, so Embry knew meeting any girl in his life was a complete waste of time because they usually weren't around longer than a handful of weeks. Paul was adamant about them meeting this girl, though. So while the night out at one of the more frequented bars in Port Angeles was Paul's idea, Quil—with a wag of his eyebrows and a lewd smirk—talked Embry into it. "Forget about Paul's girl," Quil pressed. "You're there to fuck some bitches. You need to fuck some bitches. Don't worry about anything else." But Embry didn't do that. Embry didn't fuck bitches . Quil did—at least he used to, before deciding to fall in love with a woman who kept both his heart and balls in her back pocket. But not him . Yet there he was, pressing the small, soft girl against a wall, his lips tracing heated patterns down her neck. Hands were fucking everywhere — his slid beneath her dress, massaging the thin sheen of sweat clinging to her body back into her skin. Hers reached around his body, gripping his ass, pulling him impossibly closer. It wasn't close enough… because in that moment, Embry was living. In that moment, it was so much more than existing . He saw her the moment she walked into the bar. Embry leaned against the counter, turning his glass in circles between his fingers and pretending to listen to Quil rattle on about something. Paul was late and Embry was losing patience. For a moment, he thought about finding an excuse to call it a night, because really, he wasn't in the mood for any of it… Until she appeared. She stood inside the entrance, and he looked up just in time. Fingers grasping her clutch, she scanned the room, looking for something or someone unknown to Embry. He watched her. Unable to move, it was all he could do. She wore a little black cocktail dress that clung to her curves, the fabric ending just above her knees. The neckline plunged, showing off the valley between her breasts and flawless, milky-white skin. Her pink lips glistened and long, dark hair tumbled over one shoulder, falling in waves down her chest. Embry couldn't explain the feeling rushing through him in that second, a sudden, intense thrall, rendering him helpless the longer he allowed his gaze to drink in every square inch of her. She was fucking radiant , enough to take his breath away. Quil's voice faded into the background of Embry's consciousness when the girl suddenly blinked, remembering where she was as she moved—before Embry reminded himself to fucking breathe. Before she walked right to where they stood. Embry realized Quil finally stopped talking. Quil noticed the girl, too, appraising her as she crossed the distance between her and the bar. Embry tried to act casual, but Quil nearly broke his neck trying to follow her with his eyes, his head snapping in Embry's direction when the girl walked too far out of his line of sight. Quil squeaked—fucking squeaked —when she stepped to the counter directly to Embry's left. Quil nudged him with his elbow, eyebrows wagging like he was possessed, making sure Embry noticed her, too. Embry noticed… He noticed more than a girl. A small part of him already savored the faintest hints of vanilla and plum radiating from the small body next to him. He already listened to her frame casually move, the sound of her heels against wood when she shifted her weight from one foot to the other. He already noticed the electricity shooting through his veins when she leaned against the bar, her arm inadvertently brushing against his. He closed his eyes, fingers curling harder around his glass, when she huffed a perturbed sigh. "What's a girl gotta do to get a drink around here?" The words belonged to her, but it took a second for Embry to realize she was speaking to him. Opening his eyes, he turned, glancing down at the previously empty spot next to him. She peered up at him, unabashed, her lips curling into a small smile when their eyes met. Say something, say something, say something… He was out of practice—at women in general . A reason existed for the lack of them in his life—for the lack of anything , really. Six months earlier, the woman he dated for years left unexpectedly and without explanation. The only words she gave him—after he came home to empty drawers and a half-empty closet—was a hurried goodbye sent through a fucking text message. I need more… I'm sorry. Embry spent plenty of time mulling it over, dreaming up hundreds of conclusions and reasons, none of which were confirmed or denied. She left. She left him and everything he gave her, and the most logical explanation he came up with was she craved something more … exciting than he offered her. She was bored. And the saddest part was, after taking a good, hard look at his life, Embry didn't blame her. He had nothing to offer. He worked as a car mechanic at an auto shop on the Quileute Reservation. He didn't make a lot of money. His house was small and his life wasn't glamorous, and she knew, as much as he did, he wasn't leaving the small, square mile of La Push. He possessed nothing to offer—nothing of real value, at least not to her. And likely no one else, when he thought about it. But the girl standing next to him… Embry thought maybe he could start by at least offering her a drink. It was something , if nothing else. "Apparently, you need to wear less clothes," Embry spoke without thinking, lifting his hand to signal the bartender at the opposite end of the counter, then glancing at the girl. "Oh, really?" she replied, one eyebrow lifting. Smiling, Embry reached into his back pocket to retrieve his wallet. "Hypothetically," he emphasized, pulling out a twenty-dollar bill, "but I'm speaking for most guys. If you ask me, I think that dress looks incredible and the bartender is an idiot for ignoring you." A grin erupted across her mouth and she peered down, picking at a piece of imaginary lint on her dress. "You don't think it's too much? I feel a little overdressed in this place," she admitted, surveying the aged bar with a woeful stare. "I wanted to look nice, though." "Don't listen to whatever he's telling you! You're fine as hell , honey!" Frowning, the girl rose on her tiptoes, peering over and around Embry. Shaking his head, Embry was thankful she didn't see how hard he rolled his eyes. After Quil captured her attention, she leaned back against the bar, a smile still resting on her lips. Wide, amused eyes asked Embry a silent question. "He's with me," Embry grumbled, embarrassment warming his cheeks. "Just ignore him." Embry was relieved when she offered Quil one last cautious look and him a genuine chuckle. "You should tell your friend he's not going to pick up any girls with those lines," she teased. "He already has a girl, lucky for him, and she loves the idiot just like he is," Embry replied in wonder, shaking his head. "I told him that for years, though, and he never listened." Once the bartender took her drink order, she turned back to Embry, relaxing against the bar rail. "So what brings you guys out tonight?" "Meeting some people," he answered, taking a sip of his whiskey and water. "Me, too," she seconded. "I don't think they're here yet, though." "Neither are ours," Embry murmured as the bartender slid her rum and Coke across the counter, toward her waiting hand. Embry watched when she wrapped her palm around the glass, his eyes traveling the length of her long, slender fingers to the tips of each one, nails painted a luminescent shade of sapphire blue. "So …" she ventured again, bringing her drink to her mouth. Embry's gaze shifted with her movements until her eyes captured his over the rim of the glass. "Guess we'll just have to keep each other company until our people get here." Embry grinned, fighting the sudden pull to look at her—nothing but her—and studying his glass instead. "I guess so …" They chatted, engaging in easy conversation about random things. It wasn't long until Quil occupied himself with someone on his other side, leaving Embry and the unknown girl to their own devices. She told him how she moved back to Washington several months earlier, so she didn't know many people. He returned her candor, explaining what he did for a living, adding it was the first time he went out in a while. Embry silently swore at himself when she stopped talking and asked, "How come?" Taking a deep breath, Embry gave her the truncated version, not wanting to subject her to some sob story she didn't need to hear, especially considering his goal was