Reservations: A Twilight Fanfiction Disclaimer: I do not own Stephanie Meyers 'Twilight'. If I did, someone would have helped a brother out and slapped some sense into Jacob Black before his obsession with Isabella reached the level of, what I've aptly named, Code Edward. She called herself Carter; she liked the name and there was no point in keeping the one she currently had because she didn't exist, well, not here anyway. She had woken up dazed and confused with absolutely no memory of how she ended up by the side of the road or why she was, judging by the clothes, her hands and feet, twelve again. I've really done it this time she thought to herself. She stood up and flexed her limbs experimentally and took a few steps forward. She stumbled, fell then righted herself and continued to walk. It had been hours, for sure, as rays of light shone from the west. She almost couldn't contain her happiness as she came upon a 'Welcome' sign, making her way to the little town. She would ask someone where she was, ask them what day, what month, what year and then she would make a plan. She nodded to herself as she smiled, a sunny 'Hello, how are you?' being directed to the inhabitants of the town. '' Charles Swan cautiously entered the building, gun raised and shining his torch around the area. The steel door rebounded off the concrete wall, the sound of the metal rebounding off the surfaces, echoing down the narrow corridor. He turned to his left, his right and briefly above him and continued forward. It was eerily silent but he could hear faint noises emanating from somewhere down the hall. He approached a door; it lead to yet another dilapidated corridor and the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end as he noticed the splashes of a deep, dark crimson sporadically coating the panels of glass to his right. Reluctantly he raised his foot and kicked in the door, his face going immediately to his sleeve as he tried his best to prevent the smell from reaching his nose. He shone the torch; illuminating pieces of what had been human beings, human beings of all ages and gender. He almost retched. The sight before him was one of absolute horror. He had to keep moving though; there were reports of a missing chi- "Shit." He ran as a scream pervaded the air, a bone-chilling scream of terror coming from the opposite end of the hall. He backtracked out of the room and bolted towards a flight of stairs. A cry of protest drifted its way up the stairwell. Taking two at a time, he ran down the stairs as fast and as hard as his legs would allow before slamming the door open, shouldering it as he made his way into the basement. He could hear sniffling and shone his light towards the direction it came from and his heart lurched as he took in the sight. A girl, the twelve year old girl that witnesses claimed had been abducted, stood before him. Her small hand was clutching a knife and she was shaking; blood splatter on her face, cuts on her arms, clothing torn. She trembled from head to toe and when the police chief identified himself as a good guy, as someone who would not hurt her and as a police officer, the girl dropped the knife and collapsed into a sobbing heap. Charles ran forward and caught the girl; cradling her to his chest as he called another unit to the scene and an ambulance. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry." The girl repeated. Her tears had stopped but she seemed to be in a shock. "You're safe now, darling. It's alright; everything is going to be alright." "He killed them! He killed them all! I'm sorry!" "I know, darling, I know. He can't hurt anyone else though, okay? It's alright. You're alright." '' "Hey, Charlie! If you want dinner you better open up and let me in Officer!" Charles walked to his door shaking his head at the girls' antics. "You've got a key Carter, use the damn thing!" "That's easy for you to say, old man. I've got how many bags of groceries in my hand? I'm carrying around a tonne!" He opened the door and went to grab some of the bags from her hands but she just walked straight on by and into the kitchen. "What did you feel like tonight Chief?" "Anything you'd like Carter. Billy called by the way; said you wanted to speak to him so I invited him over. Is that alright?" "It's fine Chief. Honestly, you make it sound like this is my house sometimes. Besides, I want you to know what's going on." '' Billy Black sat in his wheelchair, a grim expression on his face. "They will cause the boys to shift. We didn't factor that in." This was troubling news; troubling news indeed. He hadn't even thought about the repercussions of allowing the Vampire Coven to return to their house in the forests of Forks. His Tribe was his priority, after his son of course, and now he had potentially endangered both. He looked back to Carter as she began to speak again. "Your son will shift eventually Billy, but that won't happen for another two years. Sam Uley will be the only Shifter for now." "The Uley boy? Really?" "I would like to be there for him. I request permission from the Council to assist with Sam Uley's transformation. I already know the man; I'm already friends with him. Please? He'll have no one, not one person, who he can speak to about it and I already know the details of what he will be going through." "I'll tell the Elders that you will be there to assist Uley. They may question my decision but they will respect it. You've grown up with most of these boys. You have my permission." He looked to her, lips quirking into a smile. "You wouldn't have listened to me or the Elder's either way though, would you Carter?" "I was brought up not to lie Billy; of course I would have found a loophole to exploit." She answered with a proud grin. "What about the Cullen's?" Charlie asked. "What have you seen about them?" "Well, they'll keep to the terms of the treaty. Carlisle really is a good, uh, person. He'll keep his Coven in line." Billy Black didn't doubt the will of Carlisle Cullen. No, it was those that followed him that made the man wary. Despite his doubts, he would trust the word of Carter; she'd not steered them wrong in the past; had given no reason for anyone to doubt her trust. "I guess all we can do is hope that his Coven respects him enough to abide by the treaty." '' "Charlie, please, will you calm down? They won't, under any circumstances eat a civilian on their first day. They would have hunted in advance; quite possibly this morning. Now, what I need you to do is to remember not to think about anything supernatural and if you slip up, follow the thought up by an image of the Winchester brothers, okay?" "Such a bossy one you are. Alright kid, I hear you loud and clear." "I can walk back today then?" "Nice try. No. No way. I'll be waiting for you out here, right on the dot. Don't get into too much trouble today." He playfully warned as he pulled into the school's parking lot, edging his way into the drop-off zone. "Of course I'll behave. I'll keep the fires to a minimum and I'll only send three kids to the hospital. Hw's that sound?" "Better than usual, actually." "Don't worry so much, I won't get caught!" She shouted to him, waving as she turned to walk up the stairs. It wasn't too long before the bell rang and people were headed to their roll-call classes. She took her usual seat: a spot at the back of the classroom, closest to the window and began spreading her various notebooks and stationary her own desk and the one beside her. "Okay, okay. Settle down you lot. I know, I know. You'd have heard all about the new arrivals and they're finally here. Without further ado, I welcome Jasper Hale." The room went silent; girls gasping in awe of the blonde, boys rolling their eyes and sending glares in his direction. Carter just tilted her head to the side as she usually did, portraying a sense of interest as she turned her attention back to her books, listening to the brief introduction. "My name is Japer Hale. I am the nephew of Esme Cullen. I have a twin sister named Rosalie. We have moved here from Alaska. Thank you." "Yes, thank you Jasper. Would you mind answering a few questions for the class?" "I'd much rather sit down if that is acceptable." "Alright then. Just find an empty seat." Jasper was rather confused. At the moment, he could sense, faintly, the emotions of the people in the room; could smell faintly the different scents that were swirling around the room but as he continued to make his way up the aisle, his keen senses were becoming overwhelmed by the smell of fresh air. It was a scent that smelled oddly of the mountain ranges he had lived in before and it was most welcome. "Hello Jasper, it's nice to meet you. I'm Carter. I truly do hope that your time here in Forks will serve you well." "It's nice to meet you too Carter." He wasn't sure what to say to her. More than that, he couldn't feel what to say to her. His power often tipped him off as to how to behave with someone and what words to say. This was odd. "You don't have to sit here you know? There's a spare seat over there and another at the front." "Excuse me?" "You look uncomfortable. Word gets around quickly here so I can only assume that you've already been warned about big, bad Killer Carter." The boy looked perplexed. "You haven't? Well this is awkward." "No talking Carter! This isn't a speed dating event." "Not like anyone would date her!" "Yeah, her idea of a date would leave you wanting to kill yourself." "If she hasn't already done that for you!" There was laughter around the classroom as the teacher tried to settle them down and focus on the lessons. Jasper watched the girl form the corner of his eyes and was surprised to see that the girl looked genuinely unaffected by the words that had been said. This must have happened often, he thought, and with some concentration he was able to filter past the serene feeling of nothingness and get a read of the room. Directed towards the girl was an astounding amount of fear mixed with loathing and disgust. The fear was the one that really got him though. What did this mere human do? '' "How was your first day?" "I've met all the Cullen children if that's what you were implying." "Find out anything interesting?" "No. Not really. Carlisle was right though; the Talented Trio are unable to use their powers on me and my scent is not an issue. Billy told me what the Doc had said the other day." "The, uh, man is amazing, I'll give him that; saving lives for centuries and the control he has over his primal instincts." "It is incredible, isn't it?" "Yeah, it is." "How was work?" "So-so. Bella said she'd call tonight." "You've still got some left-overs right?" "You know, you don't have to avoid the house while I talk with Bella right?" "Yes I do! I feel like a, a, I don't know but I won't intrude." "You're staying up at the Rez aren't you?" "Yep." "Are