A/N: Enjoy. Try not to take this story too seriously. It's just for fun. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Also, this has got to be the least evil thing I've ever written! You can trust me on that! Seaside Wedding Bella/Omni POV Chapter 1 "Bella, I'm saying I have good news. Are you listening? Are you ready for this?" The excitement in Jess' voice came through the phone loud and clear as I walked through the door to my high rise, waving slightly at Marcus, our building's doorman. It had been a long day at work and I was really looking forward to a cup of tea and watching today's episode of Days by the Sea , my favorite soap opera. Jess always had big news. She got offered a modeling contract simply while walking down the street. Her daddy was going to fly her family to Paris on a whim, just for dinner. A bird landed on her shoulder and started singing. A goose delivered to her home was popping out golden eggs. "I should really just take a taxi across town to tell you. The news is that big!" she exclaimed. "No!" I said too quickly. "The suspense would kill me. Just tell me now." And I didn't like being interrupted while my show was on. "Okay," she said. "I'm getting married! Married, Bella! Can you believe it?" I laughed slightly. Yes I could believe it. Jess was easy, breezy, charismatic and the queen of whirlwind romances that would were destined to lead to engagement according to Jess, though few ever did. "Congratulations!" I laughed and said skeptically, fanning myself with a magazine. The June heat had kicked in, and I still lived in this New York City apartment with limited air conditioning. "I mean it, Bella! This time I truly mean it! And you're coming to the wedding." "Okay, okay! Tell me everything!" I begged of her, still not taking it seriously but willing to indulge her. "Bella," she whined. "His name is Mike, and he's everything! He's a total babe, just graduated with his masters from Cornell, and he's got his own business up and running already. Hold on! I'm going to text you a picture of us!" I received the picture, agreed they made a cute couple and texted her a thumbs up emoji back. She yammered on about where they went on their first date and how it turned into a long weekend. "So now you have a year's worth of planning a wedding ahead of you," I said trying to note she had time to back out. "Not really," Jess countered. "This is why I'm calling, to invite you to the wedding. It's going to be in three weeks." "In three weeks!" I repeated in shock. Jess had been impulsive and short-sighted in the past, but this was taking the cake! "Yep, and because it's so last minute, Daddy is hosting it at the beach house. I'm having a seaside wedding! Isn't that just the coolest? You can make it, right? I know it's short notice, but I won't make you do anything special, Bella. It's going to be really small with just my sister standing up for me and his brother for him. I'm not having a shower, even. No bachelorette party. This is just one step removed from eloping as far as I'm concerned. And all just to pacify our parents." "Holy crap, Jess! That's so quick, I can't even wrap my head around it all," I said. "Just say you'll be there," she begged. "You and I have known each other for so long." I hesitated. I had no clue what my schedule looked like for the upcoming weeks. "Of course, Jess. Of course, I'll be there. And . . . I'm very happy for you!" Jess let out a squeal and reminded me how excited she was, as if I could have forgotten! "You'll love Mike! We're perfect for each other!" ~x~ Chapter 2 I spent the next few days waiting for a call from Jess to tell me that she had called the whole thing off, but when I received a call from her sister saying they were throwing Jess a card shower, I was realizing more and more this was truly going to happen. With such short notice, instead of an actual girly, wedding shower, her sister had decided that if she could get Jess registered then they could all send her cards and order online but have the gifts sent to the beach house. It was summer, and Jess was planning on spending a few days at the beach house property along with her family. I always liked Jess' older sister, Angela. She by far had darker features like their father, while Jess had lighter hair that more closely resembled their mom. Angela was the one who would stop to listen to our boy troubles or pick us up from a party if we got wasted and completely cover with the parents. She was cool. "Wear light colors, pastels. You know that's the only thing Jess is letting us really do is decorate for her. We're going to have an arch right there on the beach, rows of white chairs with pastel flowers and twinkling lights. It's going to be so pretty during the day and into the evening." "That sounds beautiful, Angela." "Oh, and Daddy called in a favor that allowed him to rent out two of the houses to the left of us so there will be plenty of room for you to stay over." "Angela, wait, can I ask you something? Are your parents really okay with this? I mean doesn't it seem sudden?" Angela laughed. "Didn't Jess tell you? Daddy is the one who set her up with Mike. He's the son of one of his business associates. Mom and Daddy are thrilled. I told Jess my concerns, but you know her, there's no stopping her. You'll like him though. You've met him before." "I have? When?" "Yeah, at the beach house one summer. His family was apparently back and forth between the States and Scotland when he was growing up." "But I saw a picture of him and I didn't recognize him at all." "Well it's amazing how well his skin cleared up. Not to mention what corrective vision surgery and braces did for him." The description wasn't really ringing any bells for me. I suppose I would have to think about it. I had been invited to stay at the beach house that Jess' family rented in the Hamptons for a summer month usually for one week since I was a teenager. Three weeks of the month were for family. The last week toward the end of summer was always reserved for friends. It didn't always work out that way, and as we got older and held jobs, it was harder and harder to go. Some years I went. Some years I didn't. Now twenty four years old, it was only in January that Jess' family actually bought the house, and I attended their housewarming party. "As long as Jess is happy," I told Angela. "She is. Now what about you? Are you happy these days?" Angela asked. That was a question, now wasn't it. Was I? I laughed to throw Angela off. "I'm extremely happy for Jess right now and that's about all the happy I can handle." "Still watch Days by the Sea ?" she asked, sounding expectant. I nodded my head as I said, "yes" without revealing much enthusiasm in my voice, wondering why she chose to bring that show, of all shows, up. "Me too," she said with a coyness to her voice. "Never miss it." Angela went on to discuss the latest wedding on the show before she asked my advice on a few more wedding details and went over more arrangements. It truly sounded like it would be low-key and small and a perfect fit for Jess' tastes. The more we talked about it, the more I was looking forward to going. I could use the getaway. I loved walking around New York City, but there was something about getting away from the concrete, the noise, and the bustle that rejuvenated me. And with Jess' family, I knew there would be no shortage of wine, nor would I have to call an Uber to pick me up. ~x~ Chapter 3 ~Two weeks until the wedding~ I was at work when Jess texted me to call her as soon as I possibly could. Oh God! Here it is, I thought. The wedding is O-F-F, off! I took an early lunch and walked around the corner from my office building to a coffee shop with outdoor seating that offered shade. With a coffee and bagel in hand, I sat down and called Jess back, prepared to help her make sense of her life again and convince her she could get over him and move forward. "Hi Jess, what's going on?" "Hey Bella, I just wanted to let you know that my aunt and uncle are going to be at the wedding." "Oh they are? I love them!" With no children of their own, Jess' aunt and uncle had taken to me over the years. It was her Uncle Aro who helped me get my foot in the door at my company when I was first out of college. "Yeah, me too! And I wanted to tell you that my parents invited some of their friends to my upcoming nuptials, too." " Oh -kay," I responded slowly waiting for the breakup news. She sounded more hyper than sad. "So you know what that means, right?" she asked expectantly. I wasn't following. "It means their daughter is getting married and they want their friends to be there?" I asked clueless to what the big deal was. Maybe she was concerned her wedding was getting too big? Or that her parents were putting in too much of their influence? "Yeah and do you remember who they are friends with? Bella! It means that the Cullens have been invited. All of the Cullen family," she emphasized. Crap. ~x~ Chapter 4 "Bella? Bella, are you still there?" Jess' voice came through the phone loudly. The hand that was holding my phone had gone numb. My heart had taken up a different space within my chest. Is it allowed to just move around like that within my body? I took a deep breath and shook my shoulders, trying to readjust. "He won't come, Jess," I said solemnly. "He's in California, living his life in Hollywood." "Maybe, but my mom said he was visiting them in Massachusetts upcoming and if it coincides with the wedding, then he'd have no choice but to come with the family." I paused. No choice? Yeah, right. He's always had the choice. "No offense, Jess, but I don't think he'd make time out of his busy schedule to come to your wedding. I just don't think you're important enough to him. God I hope that didn't come out too badly." "None taken," she laughed. "But maybe someone who will be at my wedding is important enough for him to come." She let her comment hang out there on the cell waves between us like bait, but I didn't bite. "Besides, Mrs. Cullen's cancer really hit him hard apparently. He's promised to be more present with the family." "Jess the only thing I can say, is that I'll believe it when I see it." And even then, I doubt he'd stay more than 5 minutes. "I know. It's just...you two have that weird thing going on and now that you're practically living with . . ." "Jess stop. Please. It was one summer, okay maybe two, years ago." "Oh but Bella, you didn't see him the summer he showed up looking for you and you weren't there." "Jess I couldn't! I was upholding our pact." " Yeah, yeah. The