A/N: This is the Epilogue requested by a few to read for One & the Same. I am not re-posting the whole story, but I am including the ending/ last chapter to help refresh your memory to decide if you would like to read the epilogue. This was the story of Bella and Jess who had partied it up in Vegas on company time, where Bella met Edward. Woke up in his bed the next morning and thought he had roofied her. Turns out that wasn't the case. Edward had been a complete gentleman, but none of this came to light until she ran into Edward (after trying to avoid him) at her company's annual beach-work weekend, where it was announced that Edward's future sister-in-law, Rosalie, would be her new boss. And then there was Jasper and his cowboy Texan sayings in the mix. He was her ever-constant friend who worked with her that wanted to set her up on a blind date, though Bella suspected Jasper himself would be the date. Ahh, you remember now, right? Or was the story totally forgettable? If you decide you were happy with how the original story ended, then that's very much reason not to read this epilogue. If you need a more definitive answer wrapped up in a big red bow, then read on! Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. Thank you for reading. From the last chapter titled: The Blind Date One And the Same Chapter 15 Bella's POV ~X~ I was wearing a burgundy sleeveless body-hugging dress with a deep V shape to the front. It complimented my long dark wavy locks and barely-there tan. I looked around the lobby reminding myself that I was forging ahead to the future. File that last part under SJTM - S hit Jess tells me . I love her dearly but she could go a little overboard on the hashtag positive quotes thing. It had been a long week of coming to terms with myself and my life. I felt like the constant companion of a haunted memory had finally found the right room to dwell in in my head - behind a locked door, secured in my past. I had granted myself forgiveness. Once again, I found my way to the Nautical Resort alone. Whose idea was it to set up this blind date here? Oh yeah, mine. One week ago, I was at this same hotel ending my evening on the balcony kissing a man I thought I had reason to despise and hold a grudge against. But he made me see things more clearly. There was something genuine and decent about him that I would have never known if he hadn't pushed for me to hear him out. But he was flying back to Seattle the next day and begged me not to leave the company on his account, telling me how much he really would be looking forward to working with me when he returned in a few weeks. Kissing me one minute. The next minute discussing working with me while we slow danced on the deck. Your guess is as good as mine on that one. All I know is I made it back to my own room that night, sober and alone. Our final goodbye consisted of a distant smile and wave early Sunday morning. He was in a dark wet suit out in the ocean with his yellow surfboard and Emmett. I was walking along the beach with coffee and Jasper. Jasper! That player was not letting me out of this blind date for anything. Eh-nee-thing ! Even when I told him that I had only used the blind date as an excuse not to have to commit to a dinner with Edward that night on the deck, Jasper didn't care. He threw out some Texan saying about not dumping my promises in a slop jar and insisted I get myself gussied up and go have a good time. Could Jinxie do that? Well I had the gussied up part going for me and Jess on standby to help me get out of this potential disaster if need be, seeing as Jasper refused to even give me the name of the person who would be joining me for dinner. I tried to think over who it could be. Maybe one of his friends from college or the service that I had never met? Maybe one of his contacts from national accounts? Maybe the brother of one of the female national sales accounts associates? I don't know! He was so social - made friends everywhere he went, practically kept in touch with everyone he met on business trips. After I explained to the maitre d at the hotel's restaurant that I was meeting someone there, he asked for my name and then showed me to a table in the back corner. The table was large enough for four, but a vase of red-edged yellow roses and baby's breath took up a large surface area. Pretty, I thought, as I leaned in to smell their fragrance before looking around the room and not seeing vases of roses on any of the other tables. After I was seated, a waiter immediately showed up to take my drink order and indicated the yellow roses had been delivered for me. "A sealed bottle of sparkling water and a glass of ice, please." I checked the time on my phone and glanced to the door a few times while trying to talk myself out of feeling nervous. I was just about to text Jess when the waiter returned with my drink, accompanied by the maitre d, who handed me a long-stemmed red rose and a red envelope with "Isabella" written on it. "For you, miss," the older gentleman with the grey mustache stated brightly. It was a simple card with a picture of two sketched keys on it that looked identical, hanging from a large ring. The inside was blank, except for the neatly scripted written words that I recognized. Isabella, The thought of you being on a date tonight and falling in love with someone before you and I ever had a chance to get to know each other finally got the best of me. Our kiss last week was everything I spent two years imagining it would be. If you felt the same way, then I need to know. You can come tell me - right now. I'll be waiting for you outside on the deck. Sincerely, Edward Cullen "He's here?" My heart raced at the thought, and I reprimanded it to stop that. I looked around. Not that I knew exactly who to look for, but there was no potential blind date in sight. My heart was still racing, butterflies zooming around in my stomach, still in disbelief that he was here. That he had come back here for me. How many other guys would go out of their way this much . . . for me? In this moment, I could only think of two guys. Memories of the past two years flashed through my mind. Tender memories of shared conversation over coffee at work, crying over Mike, and laughing over ridiculous situations. Nights of replaying Vegas in my mind. Car rides filled with trying to find guidance in Taylor Swift songs. Moments of wondering how things could have gone differently. Being on the beach last week, both in the morning and at night. Nerves raged through me as I felt the pressure of a decision and then the jolt of a choice. As I looked back and forth between the yellow roses on the table and the red rose in my hand, I knew what I had to do. Epilogue July 2015 Edward POV The Tuxedo Shop - The Wednesday After The Company Announcement prior to Bella's Blind Date ~x~ Still no text back. Where the hell is my brother? I wasn't going to have Rosalie coming down hard on me for screwing this up! The lights were bright that shone over the large platform area where the men stood to be observed and measured. The store had cleared out, and I walked over to the glass storefront watching for Emmett. Reflecting on how close I came to doing all this myself once, I felt the coldness as I leaned up against the glass. Things had always been easy with Jane. No questions asked. No drama. I'd spend hours away from her working or away on business trips, and did I ever find myself missing her? No, not until we were spending time together again. She would text me about dinner plans and when I said I had a late meeting, she never pushed it. We lived separately for those hours. She'd only tell me she'd see me when I got home. How could I go all those hours without thinking about this woman that I was living with and expected to marry? And then how could I spend two years not being able to get the thought of Isabella Swan, a girl I spent less than twenty-four hours with, out of my head? Emmett came striding through the front door, with his phone up to his ear and his pointer finger placed to his lips. ¨Yeah babe, I've got this all taken care of. See you in a bit, Rosie.¨ He hung up the phone then directed his attention to me. ¨Hey what's up, brother?¨ ¨You tell me. You're the late bastard here. Garrett, Ben, Uncle Marc, and Mr. Hale have already come and gone.¨ ¨Ahh, I got held up on a conference call and then stuck in traffic.¨ ¨You better not let that happen on your wedding day, because I don't want to see an enraged Rosalie in a white dress wielding a knife or anything.¨ Emmett laughed. ¨No way. Not gonna happen, brother!¨ We spoke to the clerk who was helping us. I explained that this was the groom, and he asked us to follow him to the back. Emmett stepped into the dressing room with no hesitation. I'll say one thing for my brother. He was absolutely ready for this. All confidence and certainty. "...and I'm not about to wait a minute longer.¨ And I was kissing her, feeling her and she was letting me touch her skin for the first time. She was not only letting me, she was responding to me, clinging to me with electricity and fire. And I didn't want it to end. I wanted to wash away any doubts she had about me and replace it with feelings for me. I wanted her to be able to think about me differently; the same way I thought about her. I didn't want to let her go. ¨Edward … Earth to Edward.¨ ¨What? Oh sorry.¨ It happened. Again. Again and again , and all too often since last Saturday. I'd fall into a trance thinking about her, unaware that she had such harsh feelings toward me. Now wondering if her feelings toward me had changed from being accepting of what I told her, to wanting to know me. Had she just been a little tipsy? Was I overly persuasive on the deck, leaning in and kissing her like that without asking for any kind of permission from her without waiting for any kind of sign, especially after what she thought of me. ¨What do you think?¨ Emmett asked while admiring himself in his tuxedo. ¨Looks about right,¨ I offered. My brother, bastard that he was, always did wear clothes to the fullest. The tailor asked Emmett to put his arms down, finished his work and walked away. ¨You think dad would like it?¨ Emmett asked me stoically as he stood still, looking back at me from the mirror. ¨Carlisle would have loved it. Don't worry, he'll be there watching over you. He would have loved Rosalie, too.¨ ¨Yeah,¨ Emmett said, putting his head down. "I miss him." "Me too," I responded