" Bend over the table, Miss. Granger." A nervous breath left through Hermione's kiss swollen lips, but she wasn't about to disobey the order; she reached out to feel for the wooden table in front of her, slowly sliding down to the table blindly. Her stomach sucked in at the touch of the cool smooth wood but with a quick breath she relaxed, and warmed up to the feeling distracting herself by thinking about what could happen next. Hermione bit her bottom lip and slowed her breathing trying to listen for any movement around her, her legs fidgeting in anticipation, as she swayed side creating enough friction to quieten the desperately needed raging inside her. Unfortunately, the fidgeting warranted a large slender hand to land sharply on her raised bottom. The act startled her causing a gasp to escape from her lips. She quickly silenced herself by sucking in her lips as her brain processed what she had done. Her bottom lowered, knees bent, heels raised, her whole lower half tense but she quickly resumed her position, by correcting the error she made. She spread her legs shoulder width apart and hoped that would be enough so she could be forgiven and they could move on. Hermione knew better as she had been trained and knew how she was to conduct herself when she was in a scene. If she was to bend over, her legs were shoulder width apart, bottom raised. No questions asked. She failed. "It seems you are forgetting more and more..." Said a voice that was comforting to her ears but also rang out displeased in the room. "I didn't train you like you wanted just to have you forget everything. It's a waste of time. Are you going to continue to waste my time, Miss Granger?" " No, Sir." Hermione answered quickly. "You better not. What is your punishment for not assuming the correct pose?" He asked, his suede shoes hitting the floor finally showing just how close he had been to her all along. Hermione licked her lips, her hands clenching the edge if the table. "Ten Spankings by a belt, Sir." "Correct. Count out loud, Hermione." He walked away for a second but was back with a belt in his hand, the buckle jingling at his side. He reached out and tenderly touched Hermione's bottom, dragging his finger along the edge of her panties. Then in one motion the belt slapped her cheeks leaving them a lovely shade of pink. "One!" "Hermione, wake up!" Ron said impatiently kneeling down trying to shake her awake with one hand, holding his robes in his other. "We'll be arriving soon! Come on, will you!" Harry stood patiently behind Ron waiting for him to wake her, holding his robes as well. "Come on, girl. We only have a few minutes to change. We waited till the last-minute so we didn't have to stand in line waiting for the others. Get up now or be late." Ron warned standing up. Hermione sat up slowly, rubbing the sleep from her eyes, as her best friends left to go and change without waiting for her. Ron was always an ass… She thought before casting a glance out the window to see the train station off in the distance. She really did need to get up and change, despite her want to go back to sleep. No matter how hard she would try, she wouldn't be able to reemerge herself into her dream. Hermione ran her hand through her sleep mussed hair standing up to grab her robes from her suitcase and head to the bathroom. She didn't tell her friends this, but her parents almost didn't let her come back to school this year. They sensed something was off and from the newspapers Hermione was receiving, they also knew that something was wrong and the authorities were unable to do anything about it. Everyone was on edge in the Wizarding world with Voldemort on the rise for the past year. She had two more years of school and by Merlin she was going to finish. She looked at her reflection after slipping into her white blouse, and felt her cheeks warm as she noticed how her black bra showed vaguely through the thin fabric and sighed tucking in the tail of her shirt into her skirt. She was shaping into a beautiful woman, or at least in her eyes she thought so… She thought while admiring herself. Her hand ran over her bottom over the skirt and she thought back to her dream when the warning whistle sounded that they were approaching the bend before the station. She quickly slipped on her black robe before heading back to her cabin where Ron and Harry were eating sweets from the trolley and talking about quidditch. As usual. These two fools were her best friends, and aside from them she had very few girl friends which left her to her thoughts most of the time. She briefly wondered if either of the really liked her but pushed the thought away to think about her newly blooming relationship. She knew that if she told any of them about her dreams and fantasies they would lose their minds, so she remained quiet and talked about things that would amuse them. What was the point in having friends if you couldn't talk to them about the things you really wanted to talk about without being judged? She frowned sitting down across from Ron and Harry. Fantasies... Could she really call them that? They weren't just fantasies anymore. No, they were part of her reality now. Merlin, if anyone knew she would be in so much trouble, but so would he. Being a teacher and having a sexual relationship with a student was strictly forbidden, but she was willing to risk the consequences and so was he. Maybe this was the only reason she really wanted to return to school, but being fair, she was a good girl. Excellent marks, a punctual student, and well... She deserved to delight herself in some way, dammit! She reasoned with herself as the train slowed down pulling into the station. She deserved this... She wanted this. " Miss Granger, I received a rather odd letter from you today. I will admit it has left me very perplexed. I wondered if I should send this to the Headmaster, or perhaps that this was sent to me in error. However by the mere fact my name is clearly stated in multiple sections throughout your letter, I was assured that was not the case, is it now? Now, where should I start, Miss. Granger? I haven't the faintest idea how my personal preferences came to your attention, and I would certainly like to know how you obtained this knowledge, but in the meantime, I would like to explore more on your offer. Though you are the brightest witch of your time, I am not entirely sure you understand the depths of your request. Nonetheless, I will treat you like a prospect. Do not make me regret this later. In response to your letter, I have a few things I need from you. In detail, I need a list of the things you want, are curious to try, as well as a list of things you are not interested in. Another list portraying what you are willing to negotiate. I expect to have this information in my hand before you step foot onto the grounds. If I do not have this information, I will take that as you are not serious about your offer, and will never refer to this moment again in the future. Please do refrain from mentioning this to anyone, as well as wasting my time. I have added a second piece of paper with my brief wants and needs, as well as my preferences. If not to explain to you of what you are getting yourself into but to show what I expect in return from you. You have plenty of time to research this topic, the acts I need in my lists, and think more about if this is something you truly wish to engage in. Until then, I await your decision." Hermione had sent the letter. She knew what she was wanting and asking for, and what could happen if they were caught, but that didn't change her mind in the slightest. "Hermione, really." Ron groaned calling her out of her own head again. "Hermione... Are you feeling alright?" Harry asked. Both stood in the doorway looking at her oddly, making her realize that half of the train was probably empty and she was acting strangely. She quickly got up, apologizing while blaming her strangeness on her nap. Then she played it up with begging them to not let her nap the next time. It was a little lie, but it was enough to distract them both. "You and I both know if we did that, she would have our heads!" Ron snorted throwing his bag over his shoulder. "She'd turn us into a tea cozy!" Harry chuckled, "Or into a toad." He agreed as the three of them headed out to catch a carriage to the castle. "So how was your summer? You were asleep so we didn't get to ask." Harry said helping Hermione in before closing the door after her. "Smashing. I got to go to America to visit some distant cousins of mine." Hermione smiled and crossed her legs. "You wouldn't believe how different the Magic world is there compared to here." "I know! When we went to Egypt, I was so confused. The magic world there versus here is entirely different!" Ron agreed excitedly. "They have shops randomly set up in the Muggle world, not even trying to hide or put up a shield. Witches and wizards just continue their daily life in ease with everyone. I mean a few extremist in America are highly against the practice of magic, claiming it is a satanic practice but majority of America really doesn't give a hoot. They honestly think it is fascinating." Hermione explained surprising Ron and Harry. "Satanic?" Ron laughed unimpressed. "Come now, Ronald. We've all known how far behind the American's really are." Hermione laughed. Everything was back to normal, suspicion dropped and forgotten, that was how she wanted it. She wanted the boys blissfully unaware of her private life for the school year otherwise that would make things harder. When the carriages arrived at the castle, the three of them happily walked up the steps and into the castle to sit in their respective seats. The tables were slowly filling up with students excitedly telling their stories about their summer. Female students over dramatically greeting their friends they hadn't spoken to all summer, teachers stood at the entrance of, other students making half interested conversation as they waited for the sorting ceremony. The Great Hall was buzzing with activity as everyone talked amongst themselves however there was only one person that caught Hermione's attention as he billowed into the Great Hall. His cold brown eyes met hers as soon as he entered the room and she quickly looked away from him and act cool. She was suppose to act normally, as if nothing was different but she wasn't very well doing that if she was gawking at him. She turned her attention to Ron and Harry who were in their own world talking to Seamus and Dean about their summer adventures. "Miss. Granger." Hermione felt the hairs on her arm stand up as she heard her name spoken softly from the man she was daydreaming about all summer. She look up at Professor Snape, and saw a folded letter in his hand. What was this, she wondered taking it from him. "In the future, keep your personal letters to yourself. Under normal circumstances I would burn it… However seeing as it is from your parents, I'll overlook this oversight just