Disclaimer: All recognizable characters are the property of Stephenie Meyer. I do not claim any ownership over them or the world of Twilight. Chapter 1: Welcome to Volterra The cabin rattled as the plane took off from the runway. Jennifer was gripping the blue leather armrests so tightly her fingertips had turned white. Just breathe , she kept telling herself as she squeezed her eyes shut. Just breathe , and then she started to slowly count backwards from one hundred; and whenever the plane rocked too hard or a passenger cried in jest, "We're gonna crash!" she would start back at one hundred. Ten times she had to start over, and as her heart raced, she counted faster and faster to match the rapid speed of her pounding heart, so much that they were no longer numbers, just a jumbled string of syllables that held no value, and they brought her no comfort either. Suddenly, the young woman beside her asked, "What's eighty-nine times sixty-four?" Jennifer stopped counting, and her mind went blank. "What?" "Eighty-nine times sixty-four, what's the answer?" "What? I don't know ..." If she'd had a pen and paper, she could have solved it easily, but mental math was not a skill she'd developed. Still, she tried to solve the problem in her head, over and over, never coming up with the correct answer. Quickly, her head was overflowing with numbers, and Jennifer became overwhelmed by them all. ... but the cabin was finally still. Jennifer let out a deep sigh. Thank goodness. "So, what's the answer?" Jennifer turned her head and found a pair of friendly blue eyes staring back at her, waiting for a response. "I ... I don't know," she answered. The blonde smiled. "Neither do I." The two women shared a laugh. As Jennifer's round cheeks jiggled up and down, she felt sweat dripping down her face and tasted salt on her dry lips. When she realized what was happening, her face flushed with embarrassment. "Here." The blonde kindly offered her a tissue, and Jennifer graciously accepted, using the soft cloth to dab her glistening face. With a few pats, the tissue was drenched with sweat, prompting the blonde to offer a second tissue. "First time flying?" she asked. "Yeah. It's silly, I know." "Hey, I was there once too, and you handled it much better than I did. I had a panic attack upon take-off, and they had to ground the plane." She giggled at the memory. "Really, it's no big deal." The plane hit a small bump, and Jennifer's hands instinctively went to her seat belt, tying it tighter and tighter around her waist. "If you tie that any tighter, you're going to cut yourself in half," the blonde teased. Jennifer blushed. "Sorry. Just a little nervous." "It's okay. And I'm Katelyn, by the way." "Jennifer. Nice to meet you." "So what brings you to Paris: business or pleasure?" Katelyn went on, and Jennifer wondered if the woman was still trying to distract her from the bumpy flight. Women like Katelyn, who were so naturally beautiful, with their long legs and tiny waists, rarely acknowledged her let alone spoke to her. "Pleasure, I guess," Jennifer answered. "I won a radio contest." "Oh, really?" Katelyn's eyes lit up with excitement. "What kind of contest? Clearly, it had nothing to do with math, or you wouldn't be sitting here, right?" She laughed at her own joke, but her new friend didn't seem to find it as amusing. "I just had to answer some stupid pop culture questions. Really, it wasn't that hard." Katelyn nodded her head and then said without thinking, "Hopefully it isn't some scam. Boy, have I seen my fair share of those ..." "A scam?" Jennifer's tone rose with panic. "Do you really think it's a scam?" Hundreds of scenarios were running through her mind, all ending in death. In the weeks before her trip, she had spent her nights researching all the brutal murders of young, naïve tourists that had occurred over the years, many of which were overly embellished urban legends, but they still frightened her. "I'm sure it isn't," Katelyn said, trying to ease her worries. "The odds of that happening are slim to none." "That's true." I hope it's true ... "So why are you going to Paris?" "Work. My agent finally pulled through and got me booked for an upcoming ad campaign for some French designer." For the life of her, she could not remember his name. "He's new, I guess. Nobody really knows about him yet, but he does amazing work. I think he'll be really big one day." "So you're a model?" Jennifer assumed, for Katelyn seemed to fit the mold in her eyes: a tall, slender frame, long, healthy hair, and a flawless, peachy complexion that didn't need makeup. "Yeah. I've done a lot of commercial work, ... mostly with dish cleaning liquid." Katelyn flashed her perfectly manicured fingernails and cracked a modest smile. "I wash a lot of dishes, you see." "Wow, sounds exciting!" Oh, it's not as glamorous as it seems , Katelyn thought, hiding her discontent with a smile, not by a long shot. Truthfully, she hadn't done a real commercial in over two years, and her previous agency had just dropped her because she wasn't "fresh enough," whatever that meant. Now, she only appeared in local commercials, urging the townspeople to "Come on down to Jefferson's Grocery!" Where our trash is your treasure ... Old Man Jefferson paid her in coupons, and his son liked to grab her ass. But that was all behind her now, she had to remind herself. She was finally getting a new start, and she wasn't about to waste this opportunity. Like Katelyn, many of the passengers on this particular plane were in fear of wasted opportunities. Jonathan, for instance, a man sitting three rows behind the two young women, saw this trip as a chance to piece his broken life back together. He'd made a lot of mistakes in the past, done terrible things that surely broke his mother's heart, but he was a changed man now. He had done his time, and now he could finally move on. His therapist had arranged for a transfer to a rehabilitation center in France, one that he assured was very effective in dealing with people like Jonathan. There, he could become a better man, the kind of man his mother would be proud of. But if that kid didn't stop kicking his seat, he was going to become the man he despised. Over and over, the kid kicked and kicked with both legs, making Jonathan's seat jerk. "Stop — kicking — my — seat." Jonathan tried to use the self-calming methods his therapist had taught him, but with every jerk, his temper was boiling hotter and hotter. "Stop — kicking — my — seat! — Stop — kicking — my — seat! — STOP — KICKING — MY — SEAT!" Fuming, he ripped off his seat belt and turned around to face the eight-year-old boy, who now sat cowering in fear of the large, tattooed ex-con towering over him. "Kid, if you don't quit kickin' my seat, I'm gonna rip off your fuckin' legs!" The child's mother quickly came to his rescue. Covering his innocent ears with the palms of her hands, she pulled him close to shield him from this monstrous man and his obscenities. "Don't you ever threaten my son!" she cried. "Teach that little shit some manners, then!" By now, her husband had risen from his seat. Compared to Jonathan, he could hardly be considered a man, the ex-con thought, with that button-down shirt and those thick-framed glasses. Why, he looked like the kind of man Jonathan used to beat up in high school. But now the little geek was standing up to him, full of confidence. "You will not use that kind of language in front of my family," he said. Jonathan wanted nothing more than to punch this guy in the face and bash his head against the window until it cracked open like a watermelon. "I'll use whatever language I want!" He clenched his fist tightly, so tightly that he might've drawn blood, but then he heard the flight attendant's soothing voice in his misshapen ear. "Sir, I'm gonna have to ask you to sit back in your seat, please." He took a deep, calming breath. "The kid keeps kickin' my seat." "Okay, I'm sorry. Sweetie, stop kicking the seats, okay?" The flight attendant smiled gently at Jonathan and slowly eased him back into his seat. "There. Now, if you need anything, just ask." Jonathan gulped deeply, swallowing his anger. "Thank you, ma'am." The rest his flight went smoothly, and Jonathan didn't hear a peep from the little brat sitting behind him, but the event had not been forgotten by the kid's family. The boy's mother spent the rest of the flight cursing her husband for insisting on this unplanned vacation. "This was your idea, Steven! 'Jake needs more culture in his life.' Well, how's that for culture?" "How was I supposed to know this would happen?" Steven shot back. "This is the real world now, Joyce." Not your fucking book club. "Sometimes you have to deal with difficult people. But it's behind us now, so can we please just try to enjoy ourselves?" "Oh, you can enjoy yourself all you want, but I'll be staying in the hotel." Steven crossed his arms over his chest. "Go right ahead." I'm going to enjoy myself no matter what you do. A vacation this grand was something he would never have been able to afford on his salary, so winning this all-expense-paid trip was the best thing that had ever happened to him. And all it took was a little history knowledge. Really, it almost seemed too good to be true. But after a miscarriage nearly tore his marriage apart, this trip was just what his family needed, so Steven didn't have the heart to question it. At first, he told himself this was for Joyce. He just wanted to see her smile again. But maybe he just wanted to escape it all, to leave behind all the horrible memories and hope they didn't follow him. But they were following him, he realized. The passengers boarded the private airport shuttle that would transport them to their next destination: a luxury hotel, where Jennifer would finally find peace, where Katelyn would meet her agent, where Jonathan would meet his sponsor, and where Steven hoped to put his family back together. It won't work , Steven thought as watched his wife stare aimlessly out the bus window. Our problems will be right there waiting for us when we get back. She had barely spoken to him since they'd left their house. Honestly, he hated the silence more than the anger. Before, she would lash out at him in a mad rage without provocation, throwing whatever she could get her fingers on: pillows, lamps, dishes — anything. But now she didn't even look at him. She spent her days alone, and when she wasn't alone, she was with her friends or with their son, acting as his protector from anyone that might do him harm. She was overly protective of him, many thought, but he couldn't blame her. He wanted to protect her, too ... to be able to touch her and ... "Gah!" Steven jerked his foot away from the aisle as a river of yellow, chunky bile came rushing down. Behind him, Jennifer sat slouched over her seat, covering her mouth with her trembling hands. "I'm sorry," she sobbed. "I'm sorry." Katelyn gently took the girl's shoulders and pulled her up. "It's okay," she said. "It's okay." She pulled out some tissues and wiped her mouth, but no amount of tissues could sop up the mess that was now trickling across the floor. "You've got to be kidding me!" Jonathan cursed