Hey guys :) Just before we start, I want you all to know that face-blindness is in fact, a real thing. I got the idea for this from a PBS 60-Minute program. The scientific term for this disorder is prosopagnosia, and if you want to learn more about it, feel free to look it up. Song I think you will enjoy: i hate u, i love u by gnash ft. Olivia O'Brien (as you can tell by the title lol) Enjoy! There isn't a single freckle on your straight nose. You have eyes the color of emeralds and hair as bronzy as copper. You have broad shoulders and a lean figure, but you hunch your shoulders whenever you're around someone that's vertically challenged. You dress in clothes that probably sum up to the amount of money I have stashed away for college. You're social, you're liked. You're sporty, you're funny. You're the perfect representation of the high-school-jock stereotype. You don't know I exist, but that doesn't matter, does it? It's okay, I understand. You're the entire world to one person, but that one person is no one to you. That's perfectly logical. I get it. I'm not complaining, I hate you anyways. You make me want to vomit in my mouth – not because of your weirdass lopsided grin, not because of those sleek blue sneakers that probably cost more than my entire outfit – because of what you've done. What you've done to the people around me, what you'll probably do to me. Do you know the worst part, though? Actually, that's a dumb question; you probably don't even know my name. The thing is, you're the only face I remember. You're the only person who has a face to their name. You see, that's my problem – I know people's names, but not their faces. Crazy. So ludicrous, it's funny. Go on, laugh all you want. I can't even physically remember the face of my own mother, but I can tell her apart from the others because she's been forced to braid her hair intricately and wear blue every single day … for the rest of her years. But that's life. If she wants me to know who she is, that's what she must do. You have it easy. You don't have to keep your hair the same every day or wear the same color for me to know who you are. With one glance, I have a name for your face. You have an identity. Lucky, lucky you. Poor, poor, me. Out of all people, why you? Why must I only know the face of you? It's not like we grew up around each other – the day we first met, in seventh grade, we hated each other's guts. Actually, I hated your guts. I don't think you even knew I had guts, because you probably didn't know that I existed. Want to hear something even worse? Yes, you do. I don't care if you don't know who I am, I don't care if we're strangers. Here's the thing: Our lives are going to change forever. . . . It's hard making friends in Forks, Washington, when you have a 'mental disorder'. I'm not completely sure if it's 'mental' or if it's a 'disorder', but that's what the kids around me seem to think. And I guess that's what I'm supposed to think, too. Jessica Stanley is my best friend, and my Only Friend. She says we have many memories together, and I remember the memories, but not her in them. Usually, if she's having one of her déjà vu moments, she'll have to recount every single detail of the time we had together in order for me to know it was her that I was with – it was her that I ice skated with first, it was her who I celebrated my fifth birthday with. I don't even know why I bother questioning if it was someone else, because she's the only peer I have. I've had others, but they've come and gone. I'm not surprised – being acquainted with me is a hassle. I will walk past you in the hallways, because you're face does not click to a name in my brain. I will try to turn you away when you're on my doorstep, because I'll forget who you are. I won't even go to your house, because even though I know where you live, I don't completely trust that it's you inside. Jessica has been with me through the thick and thin. She's the only one who's stuck by my side, even though it puts her social status in jeopardy. It bothers her, I can see it – the way she nervously bats her eyes around me, sneaking glances to see if anyone's watching us; the way she sometimes cuts our conversations short and runs off if she catches someone staring. But it's okay. She is my Only Friend, and if this is how Only Friends usually act … then so be it; I can suck it up. Sometimes I wish you had that problem. No, not the whole forgetting-faces-thing, but the Friend Problem. The problem where you're not always surrounded by a group of people, the problem where you're not practically worshipped in this school. It'll never happen, but hey – a girl can dream. I see you sometimes when I walk down the hall – leaning against the lockers, laughing, always laughing. Or smiling that weird, crooked smile of yours. To be honest, under that façade of confidence and charisma, I think you're wimpy. I think you're insecure, and I think you're clumsy. I wish I could see my suspicions in live action, but that, like the Friend Problem, will probably never happen – because you're Edward Cullen. Edward Masen Cullen, heartthrob of probably every single girl in this school – except for me and Jessica. Actually, Jessica might still be a teensy-weensy bit in love with you, even after The Incident. But she is my Only Friend, and if that's the way how Only Friends act … then so be it; I can suck it up. I can pretend to ignore the glances she always sneaks at you, the hasty reapply of lip gloss whenever you're in a ten-foot radius. I can pretend to not see her bat her eyes in your direction – even if your back is towards her – and I can even pretend to not see her stare at pictures of you for ten minutes straight … with a bit of drool at the corner of her lips. I'm trying, Edward. I'm trying to forget you. I'm trying to trade your face with someone important, like my freaking mom. Or the freaking president. Even Jacob Black would be better than you – that's right, I said it. Or wrote it, whatever. Whiny, skinny, lanky Jacob who has probably not even gone through puberty yet (even though we're juniors this year) is better than you. And believe it or not, I'm thinking Satan comes pretty close, too. I hope this accurately describes our poisonous relationship and our hatred for each other. Rather, my hatred for you and the rest of your R.A.D. (Really Ass-hole-y Dick-y) gang. But, as I said … sadly, our lives are going to take a turn. Believe me, it's for the worst. . . . Mr. Banner still hasn't fully caught on with my Problem, and I walked into class on the first day of my junior year with sweaty hands and shaking legs. Every day is basically the first day for me. I'll meet you, then I'll forget you. It's a cycle I'll never get out of. Terrific! As I was saying, Mr. Banner isn't the brightest teacher in Forks High School. He waves at me kindly as I enter his class, cooing about how he missed me over the summer and that he couldn't wait for another year with me. All the teachers know about my Problem, but they're still complete idiots when it comes to confronting it. Mr. Banner thinks the key to interacting with me is to treat me like some sort of fluffy cute animal, which is far from what I am. He thinks, that by holding out his hand and saying welcome back, he expects me to shake it. To shake a stranger's hand. Yeah, sorry, I forgot to bring my hand sanitizer. So I just stare at his hand, then back to his face, then back to his outstretched palm. "Hi…?" He winces a little, but everyone knows why I'm his favorite – I'm the only student in our diverse pool of three-hundred-fifty-seven who actually listens to him. It's only because he's a stranger to me, so I have to catch on to his every word. Also, academics don't have faces, which make them far easier to decode. "Mr. Banner, pleasure to meet you." He smiles a little, and this time, I take his hand. I return his shaky smile and go to the back of the classroom, finding myself an empty table. There, I slide into the seat closest to the window, pull out a crisp new spiral, and several mechanical pencils. I open my new notebook to doodle, waiting for class to start. I'm always one of the first inside, mostly because I want to get the act of meeting someone new over with. It's tiring, having to listen to 'strangers' reintroduce themselves every day. At least it's not that hard to tune out the chatter around me as I give my sketched flower petals. It's easy to imagine that I'm anywhere else but here. The bell finally rings, a piercing, cow-bell-like sound. Mr. Banner closes the door to the classroom and paces to the front, clasping his hands in front of him and smiling cheerily at us. I wonder how many smiles for how many first-days he's had to do. It must be a lot. And I thought I had a hard life. "Welcome to Biology. I'm your teacher, Mr. Banner. First things first, attendance." As if anyone would miss the first day. Smirking, I watch as he picks up a clipboard from his desk and straightens the glasses on his nose. Looking up, he calls out, "Rebecca?" 'Rebecca' raises her hand and Mr. Banner smiles in her direction in greeting. "Tyler?" he continues. It goes on that way, each person saying their name, and Mr. Banner doing some of greeting, nodding his head, smiling, waving. The only person I know in this class room by heart is – you guessed it – Edward, who's towards the front, several tables away from me. He's just told one of his followers some joke and the guy next to him is dying. Literally. He's laughing so hard that I think he's going to choke to death. Mr. Banner jolts me away from my focus. "Bella?" He calls out, his eyes gaining a new glimmer. He straightens and doesn't even have to look around for me; his gaze finds me immediately. I offer him a tentative smile (which probably looked like a grimace), and he eagerly smiles back. "Hello, Bella." He says cheerfully. "Hi," I say, not surprised as to his effort to single me out. What can I say? Defective children get special treatment. The whole class turns to look at me, only because he's the first person he's actually spoken to in front of everyone. There are murmurs, judgmental gazes, and narrowed eyes. Teacher's pet, they all seem to scream. Whatever. My grades are going towards college, not for some bratty teen's opinion on me. I'm the last person on the list, so, clearing his throat, Mr. Banner draws the class's attention away from me (thankfully). He turns and walks over to one of the shelves nailed into the wall at the front of the room and says, "Bella, if you would please help me." More murmuring. I want to die. Calling me