A little bit before Keelaree's birthday, she sent me a link about a girl who got engaged to her former teen idol crush and we both thought that it would be really cool if it were Everlark'd. Well, here it is. The characters of The Hunger Game Trilogy do not belong to me. You Are Mine "Welcome back to Total Request Live! I'm Carson Daly and we're about to bring out the latest sensation—The Tributes!" Katniss Everdeen sat on the floor of her bedroom, her eyes planted on the television screen. In front of her sat Prim, her younger sister by four years, who was currently waiting for Katniss to finish plaiting her golden hair. However, the brush in Katniss' hand remained still as the 12-year-old watched the MTV host talk about the boy band getting ready to walk onto the set. "Do you think that P-Beatz will get his solo?" Prim asked, her blue eyes also on the television. "But, I really like Finn's voice, too!" "So let's bring The Tributes out to the stage!" The host continued to the elation of the girls on the set. "First, let's welcome the leader of the pack—Finn!" The tall, bronzed-haired figure of Finn sauntered onto the set, but not before giving some of the audience members kisses on their cheeks or signing parts of their clothing. Carson continued on with Hawthorne—the shy one of the group—who quickly joined Carson's side and didn't bother to wave to anyone in the audience. C-Rokk or Cato—his real name was in the papers because of his latest arrest—pumped up the crowd as he walked over to his two other allies. Phresh—the big brother of the band—gave everyone a kind smile and a lot of the older women of the group sighed at the graceful nature of the dark-eyed, dark-skinned man. Carson looked towards the camera as the audience reached a frenzied pitch of screams, "And, last but definitely not least—the youngest member of The Tributes—give it up for P-Beatz!" Katniss felt her heart jump as the blond-haired, blue-eyed 14-year-old walked out and waved at the audience. It wasn't a big secret to her family or her friends that she was a big fan of P-Beatz. Every Bop and Tiger Beat that had his picture was plastered on her avocado-colored walls and she owned all two of their CD's. When the group banded together, the audience applauded as the cameras rounded them before stopping on The Tributes. "So how is the tour going?" Carson asked. "Doing well," Phresh said, his voice warm and smile handsome. "Our next stop will be the Capitol and then up the East Coast." "We're excited," Finn added. "We'll be debuting some of our new music so I hope everyone will come out to see us!" "I also heard that your opening act will be Annie Cresta ," the host said and the group nodded in affirmation. Finn surprisingly blushed before talking into his mic. "She's an old friend of mine and so we're all real happy to have her on the tour." "I heard that Annie is his newest girlfriend," Prim told her sister. "One of the fourth-graders at my school had a Seventeen magazine and read an article on her." "I'm not surprised," Katniss replied. "She's really pretty." There was a door slam and through the wall, Katniss and Prim could hear the heated argument between their parents. It seemed lately that they did nothing but fight. Katniss saw Prim's eyes filling with tears at the rising shrillness of their mother's voice. Quickly and for Prim's sake, Katniss took the remote and turned up the volume to cover up the yelling. " This is going to be your first solo song ," Carson said to P-Beatz, who smiled shyly at the man. Gangly but confident, P-Beatz nodded before speaking into his mic, "The guys were nice enough to help me write this song." Katniss could see pain in the idol's blue eyes. "My parents recently separated and working on this song has helped me deal with the pain." The group each gave P-Beatz a solid pat on the shoulder and Phresh put an arm around him. "But, P's got us!" C-Rokk declared. "We're brothers and we take of each other." The Tributes all nodded in agreement. "So what is the song called?" Carson asked. "It's called, 'You Are Mine'," P-Beatz said quietly. A piano was next to the window overlooking Times Square and Hawthorne went over to it as the rest of the group sat on the stools lined up in front of the Steinway. Katniss waited in anticipation, her hands clasping together as they went to her lap. She was nervous for him; Finn or Phresh were usually the leads, C-Rokk always did the rap, and Hawthorne did the bridge. P-Beatz was usually on back-up vocals so she was eager to hear him upfront. The audience quickly silenced as the slow, melancholic melody began and Katniss' heart ached just in those few notes. It sounded like a break-up, disjointed and destructive—full of regret and longing for better days. Her breath caught when his mussed blond hair and wide oceanic eyes looked to the screen—as if he were looking at her. "The suitcases are packed, the papers are signed We're a house divided, no longer a 'You and I' And, in the end, you might feel freedom—but what about the rest? The three of us together, afraid to leave our beds… Mama says, 'We're still a family' Daddy says, 'He'll still be there' But somehow, we still can feel it The malcontent between the lines Because in the end, you both are saying: 'You belong to me, you are mine'…" There was a knock on Katniss' doorway and she looked up to find her father, his dark eyes rimmed with red. Outside her bedroom door, she could hear Prim sobbing in her own bedroom. "You should say bye to your mother," her Dad said as he walked inside. Katniss took a deep breath, squaring her shoulders before looking to him. "What if I don't want to?" "The divorce was both of our decisions," her father replied with a labored sigh. "Then why is she leaving so quickly?" she argued, "Two weeks ago, you were arguing and now she is heading to another state! We have to move to an apartment to pay for your divorce! Everything is topsy-turvy and you want me to say goodbye to her? No, thank you!" Her mother was heading to a new job in Connecticut; she had been looking for somewhere else to go long before anyone had realized. Her Dad looked to her helplessly. "Please, Katniss—" "No." Katniss reached to wipe her eyes. "Please don't make me feel like it's going to be the same…like we don't have to choose sides." She sat on her bed, her hands going to her sides to grip her comforter. "She's leaving! I choose you, Dad." "That's not how it's supposed to go—but I respect your decision and I'll let your mother know." Her father went to kiss the top of her head. "I'm going to check on Prim." Katniss didn't respond, waiting until her Dad closed the door behind him. Outside, she could hear her mother's footsteps on the porch heading to the car that she had rented for her drive to her new place. Feeling the tears begin to rise, Katniss went to her boombox and pressed play. "The suitcases are packed, the papers are signed We're a house divided, no longer a 'You and I'…' Had it only been two weeks since she and Prim sat on this very floor listening to her idol sing this very song? His words hit hard, though part of her felt better knowing that she wasn't alone. P-Beatz had gone through the same thing and he was okay. At least he had hope. With a sigh, Katniss went to the wall where his pictures were hung and with a heavy heart, she began to pull them down. 'You belong to me, you are mine'…" 12 Years Later… "Katniss," the burgundy highlighted head of Johanna Mason appeared at the office doorway. "I'm locking the doors." "Please do," she replied before going back to work on the second cash till. "After I finish closing this register, I'll grab the last one then help you and Marvel out. Also, can you make sure that Prim is okay in the back? I left her with a lot of inventory." "Of course," her co-worker and roommate said with a grin. "We're all heading out to a club later. Wanna come?" Katniss met Johanna's laughing stare with exasperation. "I didn't think so. One day, you're going to want someone to plow through that your garden, if you know what I mean. You're never going to find a 'gardener' if you spent your nights at home!" Katniss reached over to her desk and tossed her apron at the woman with a laugh. "Back to work! And, anyway—whoever wants to get to this garden has to bring pruning shears and fertilizer." "I don't even want to know about the fertilizer part…" Johanna shook her head with a grin. "I'll see you downstairs, boss." Nodding, Katniss went back to counting. It was the same routine every Saturday night: assign shifts, work the floor, help any customers, authorize refunds, begin the break rounds, start on go-backs, and finally collect two of the three cash tills to begin closing. All in the life of a grocery store manager. It was good money. Her dad had opened the organic grocery store a little after her parents split up and she had grown up with the business. Eventually the place gained momentum and her dad had to hire an assistant manager to help with hiring, ordering, and such. One of the cashiers, Lena Paylor, had been promoted, and Katniss started her first job at 15 being the go-backs girl. At 18, she became assistant manager when Lena got pregnant— thanks dad —and Lena and her dad got married. Lena was suffering from some bad morning sickness and Katniss gladly took on the job to help her stepmother, whom she loved , and her dad who was having to deal with his first kid in about 14 years. By her second year as assistant manager, her parents had welcomed her little brother Ryan who she adored. He was 6 now and precocious as hell. Ryan or Rye—she and Prim called him that—had everyone wrapped around their finger; it wasn't hard since he inherited Lena's round eyes and their father's handsomely olive features. Katniss majored in Business at her local college and decided to take over the business just a year ago. It felt good to run the store; it felt like home and her staff were all close friends and family. Johanna, who she met in college had been her roommate since they were housed in a dorm together. Marvel was Prim's boyfriend, and after his recent promotion to counter manager, would hopefully become her fiancé. He and Katniss, along with her parents, had gone to help him pick out engagement rings. Getting up, Katniss took the cash drawers and placed them in the safe under her desk. Heading downstairs, she went to the store front to empty out the remaining register. The store was about ten aisles with a large fruit and vegetable section, bakery, and deli. They mostly catered in hard-to-find brands, gluten-free ingredients, and organic or locally-sourced products. The neighborhood of District 12 was growing into a much hipper sector of town with new families and young college students invading the neighborhood, so business was good and they had a deal with Katniss' alma mater that gave any student with a college ID a 10% discount. Her eyes went to a side aisle where she spied Prim with Marvel, her sister's arms around his neck and his own arms wrapped around her tiny waist. They had fallen in love at