The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Equinox Friday, September 23, 2033 "Happy birthday, sweetheart." Her mother placed the simple circle cake in front of her as she leaned down to give her a kiss on the cheek. "I can't believe that you're eighteen." Marley looked up at her mother and grinned. "Growing up tends to happen." Looking around their small round table, she felt herself falter. Besides her mother and herself, no one was in attendance to celebrate her coming-of-age. Her mother noticed the slight dimming in her eyes. Pulling out a chair, Katniss Everdeen sat down next to Marley, covering her daughter's hand with hers. "I know that it's a small showing but your Aunt Prim couldn't get off of work at the diner and Haymitch couldn't get off his shift, but he wanted you to have this—" Katniss presented her daughter with a small white envelope. "He said to stop by tomorrow evening and he'd explain it." "It's really alright," Marley assured her. "I just wish…" Her blue eyes went to a picture on their mantle. It was a picture of her parents during their Spring Dance—her mother in a beautiful red dress and her father, bright and handsome, in his tux. They were voted Panem High's Spring King and Queen. Who knew that it would be the last dance that they would attend together? The week after…her father was dead. And a few months later, Marley was born. Her mother looked to the picture and Marley could see that even now, she was still very much in love with the enigma that was her father, Peeta Mellark. "I'll never be able to make up for the fact that he's not here, Marley," Katniss said, her exhausted grey eyes gazing adoringly at her daughter. "But, the fact that I love you enough for both myself and him—isn't that enough?" She looked to her mother, still quite beautiful but very life-worn. They looked almost identical with their dark hair and almond-shaped eyes. However, the deep blueness of Marley's eyes and the creamy skin were from her father. Marley wrapped her arms around her mother's waist, resting her head on Katniss' shoulder. "More than enough." "Joshua Odair, put me down!" "Come on, Marley Anne!" She grimaced at her boyfriend's use of her full name. "How many times does my girl turn eighteen?" He placed her down and they sat on the steps of her front porch. "Sorry I wasn't there for the cake cutting." "Don't worry about it," Marley responded, her head going to his shoulder. "Mom saved you some." Josh pressed a kiss to the top of her head. "Now that you're eighteen, what are your plans?" "Plans?" She chuckled. "I didn't know that I had to plan out the rest of my life." "You're right." Josh reached into his pocket and pulled out a box. "You have all the time in the world. But in honor of you finally becoming legal, here is a token for you, my lovely…beautiful…intelligent Marley Anne Everdeen." Taking the box, she gave her boyfriend a shy smile before opening it to reveal a round locket. On the top of the locket was an engraved bird with its wings spread out; the beak of the majestic creature was open wide and she could almost hear the beautiful cry escaping its mouth. "It's a Mockingjay," Josh explained. "There's a bit of a story to this locket. My mom and dad were going through storage and they found it with some of their high school things." His eyes met hers somberly. "Your Dad had this made for your Mom. He just never got to give it to her." "Oh." Marley bit back her tears as she took the token into her hands. Opening the locket, she found the Spring Dance picture of her parents on one side and her baby picture on the other. "Where did the baby picture come from?" "Don't you remember?" her boyfriend responded with a grin. "My parents were there when you were born. So was I, already adoring you at two months." Josh put an arm around her. "Don't forget. Your Dad and mine were best friends." "It's hard to fathom that," Marley said. "Especially since your Dad and Mom don't really come around to see me or Mom." Josh shrugged, his eyes solemn. "I think it's just as hard on my Dad and Mom that your Dad is gone. They were like The Three Musketeers and he wasn't there when they got married or had me. Also, my Dad once said, quite tearfully, that your smile is eerily like your father's." Marley smiled wryly. "Who knew that my smile could bring Finnick Odair to tears?" "Well, your smile makes me happy." Josh pressed his forehead to hers. "I love you." Marley bit her lip at his words. Yes, she did love him. However, the things she loved with the exception of her mother, Aunt, and Haymitch tended to go away. So it was better to keep her feelings quiet. Despite knowing this, Marley could tell that Josh was hurt. He didn't doubt that she cared for him but she could never muster the words to say more. The sound of piano playing interrupted the still moment and Marley stood up to look inside her window. Her mother sat at the piano bench playing expertly. The grand piano was the one luxury that they did have. It belonged to her late grandparents, the Everdeens, who had passed on when Marley was two. The house her mother and Aunt Prim grew up in was foreclosed to pay for any outstanding debts and funeral costs. Marley watched her mother play and sing to herself. With her eyes closed and her usually braided hair resting on her shoulders, Katniss Everdeen looked like no one's mother. She was glowing, warm and radiant like the sun. Looking down at the photo of her parents in the locket, Marley bit back the urge to cry. When her mother played, she looked happy. " So lately, been wondering Who will be there to take my place? When I'm gone, you'll need love To light the shadows on your face… " There was a hand on her shoulder and Marley looked to see Josh behind her, a sad smile on his lips. Her hand went to his dark hair and he closed his eyes, relaxing into her touch. He reached to wipe her tears and Marley let out a choked laugh. She didn't even realize that she was crying. "My parents' song," she explained in a thick voice. "They like…kissed or something for the first time to this song." Wordlessly, Josh wrapped an arm around her slender waist and pulled her close. He took her hand as they began to sway slowly to her mother's melodic voice. " If I could, then I would I'll go wherever you will go Way up high or down low I'll go wherever you will go… " "Dad, I'm eighteen today." Marley placed a piece of cake on her desk along with two forks before the photo. Peeta Mellark's senior class photo stood proudly in the Popsicle stick frame that Marley had made when she was a Girl Scout. She sliced a sliver of the cake and slipped it into her mouth. "It's a little dry," she commented to the photo. "I think I could do a better job." Since Marley was a little girl, she shared a piece of cake with her father every birthday. She would tell him about whatever had happened over the past year and any new plans. "Mom is still working as Cato's secretary at the plant," Marley continued. "And, he's a total jerk. Always trying to take her out to dinner but it's not even sincere. Aunt Prim says that Cato has an unrequited need to take Mom from you. He was always jealous that you were with Mom and she never batted an eyelash at him." She chuckled to herself. Her mother wasn't one to bat her eyelashes at anyone. "Aunt Prim is still working at the diner in the next District over." Marley dipped her fork into the cake. "Hasn't got the money to go back to school yet. She's got no romantic prospects but she seems happy enough." Her eyes went to the envelope that Haymitch left for her. "This year, Haymitch is working as a security guard. It's hard to believe that he used to be a physics teacher at Harvard. I mean…what the hell happened?" Sighing, Marley gave her Dad a smile. He grinned back at her in his collared shirt and tie. "Josh gave me the locket that you were going to give to Mom," she told the photo. "Mr. and Mrs. Odair found it among their high school keepsakes. Sometimes, I wonder why they never visit us. Josh says that it's too hard. After all, Finnick Odair was your best friend and he loved you like a brother." She stopped for a moment, hearing her mother's light steps in the hallway. Their one-level home was small and comfortable but conversations carried and this was the one thing that she kept from her mother. "Dad, how do you know if you love someone?" she suddenly asked the photo. "How do you know that it's right?" She fingered the chain that held the locket around her neck. Josh had helped her put it on before he left. "I think I might be in love…but I'm scared. I just can't seem to get the words out. Maybe I'm afraid that history will repeat itself." She looked down at the plate in front of her. It was empty. "Anyway, I hope that you ate a piece of cake up there for me." Marley pressed her two middle fingers to her lips before putting it into the photo, her gaze lingering over the man, her eyes full of exhaustion and tears. "I wish you could've been here, Dad." Saturday, September 24, 2033 Her Godfather's garage was a cluttered mess. Granted it used to be a work lab but Marley still marveled over the chalkboard filled with mathematical equations, the bulletin board full of ten years' worth of reminders, and an entire wall covered with awards that her Godfather had received earlier in his life. Haymitch Abernathy had been a child genius, graduated high school two years early, and taught at Panem's local college in only his thirties before spending two years as a professor at Harvard. Marley went to the wall to examine the numerous accolades when a hanging photo caught her eyes. It was of her Godfather standing next to a pretty dark-haired woman with deep-set eyes. Even in the black and white photo, the depth of them was startling. "Johanna Mason." Marley turned to see Haymitch approaching her with a dry smile. "I heard she's in Egypt on some archaeological dig or something like that." He held out his arms to her. "Happy birthday, sweetheart." Marley rushed into his arms, taking in the scent of tobacco and whiskey and finding comfort in her Godfather's embrace. "So was Johanna your girlfriend or something?" she asked as they pulled apart. "No." Haymitch's eyes were suddenly distant. "She was too good for me." "Sounds like you didn't fight hard enough for her," Marley bluntly responded. Haymitch gave her a rigid stare. "Did you want your birthday present or not?" "Yes!" Marley reached into her olive jacket and took out the envelope. Opening it quickly, she reached inside and fished out the single item. "A remote?" She held out the small rectangular contraption in confusion. "For this." Haymitch put his hands to her shoulder to turn her around. Standing in front of her was a Black Prius. "Whoa." Marley went to the car. "Vintage." The car was one of the first hybrid electric models. Over time, however, Japan had developed the first biodegradable fueled car which ran on compostable material. Fuel