The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy belong to me. The initial timeline of this story takes place about 16-17 years after Mockingjay. She/Her It was the pregnancy that came out of nowhere. When Johanna had come to District 12, she didn't expect that she would end up staying longer than her customary eight weeks in the summer. Her own District often turned cold around that time so she traveled to see the only semi-normal people she knew and to bathe in the warmth of the once-upon-a-time grey town. The Mellarks, though she never really knew if they made it official, usually invited her to stay in their house. However, it had been a surprise when Katniss' mother had shown up along with Annie and her son Rowan for the summer. With three kids in the house and two more adults, the crowd was enough for her to pass on sleeping in their den. Reluctantly, Haymitch had agreed to let her into his home and into one of his dusty bedrooms. She had been grateful, maybe too grateful. It had happened only once, during one of those rainy nights that left her unable to sleep—almost unable to breathe, if that was possible. Wandering downstairs, Johanna found herself searching the kitchen for something to help her sleep—milk, alcohol, a hidden sedative that she was sure they gave Peeta whenever he got too out of hand… Instead, Johanna found Haymitch. He came in to find every cabinet open, canned goods on the counter, and her ass sticking out of the pantry when he arrived. "What the hell are you looking for?" Guiltily Johanna moved herself out of the food storage, sitting on the dirty floor, to meet his steely eyes. "I can't sleep," she said simply. She must've been a sight—long nightgown dirty, and her shoulder-length hair flying in every which direction because, for a moment, there was sympathy in Haymitch's eyes. He didn't look like he was getting much sleep either, based on the sunken bags underneath his own stare. He held his hand out to her. "Get up." It was all too easy to take his hand, press herself against him, and feel her nipples stiffen as she came into contact with the hard planes of his body. Haymitch wasn't a bad-looking man. Once a very attractive boy, his face had hardened leaving the effects of the Games and the losses lined in his olive skin. Behind that, however, there was still the bit of handsome mischievousness that she saw only on special occasions. Until now, Johanna couldn't remember how it all started—how she had ended up on one of the counters of the kitchen, nightgown hiked past her hips and panties off, as Haymitch thrusted into her. It had not been the least bit gentle, but that was how both of them seemed to like it. Carelessness left to openness. So, there was no shame to pressing her heels to his strong back to urge him deeper or crying out when Haymitch had pulled off the straps of her nightgown before quickly latching onto an aching nipple. It had felt good. It had felt right. When her two months passed in District 12 and Katniss' mother had told her she was pregnant, she realized that maybe it had felt too good and too right for something not to happen. "Why are your feet so big?" The question came from Willow, Katniss and Peeta's daughter. The little girl—who looked and acted too much like her mother, in her opinion—stared at her swollen ankles before poking at the tops of her feet with her finger to make an impression. Johanna shrugged. "I don't know. Something to do with the baby, I guess." She was going to be a horrible mother. For all the advice that Annie and Katniss tried to give her, Johanna found herself unable to listen. She found herself at a loss on how to go about the pregnancy and part of herself was still angry over letting Haymitch convince her that it was good idea. "It's water retention, sweetheart," came the voice from behind her. The resounding bang of the screen door closing and the stealthy footsteps were followed by the tall figure of the father of her baby. "Oh." Willow grinned, her eyes going to Johanna's stomach then to her chest. Jumping to her feet, the six-year-old approached Johanna before pressing a finger to one of her now-abundant breasts. "And, is this water, too?" Johanna couldn't help but snort at Willow's curiosity. Too pure for her own good, just like Katniss. "No, that's milk," she found herself saying. "And, if you poke too hard then you're likely to get shot in the eye." "Really?" Willow looked at her chest in wonderment, her hand drawing back. "Then I won't touch. I don't want to waste anything for the baby." Haymitch sat next to her on the porch seat, clapping his hands to the tops of his thighs. The little girl sat easily, making sure the skirt of her red dress was neat before settling on her Uncle's lap. "Any more questions?" Haymitch asked Willow before glancing over at Johanna. He always thought that he was doing such a good job of not displaying his worry, but Haymitch was easily readable, his furrowed brows and probing eyes saying everything that his mouth couldn't seem to get out. "How did the baby get in Johanna?" "Didn't your mama explain this to you?" Johanna asked the girl. "I asked before, but Mommy started pacing and then told Daddy to tell me," Willow informed them. "Then Daddy started talking about yeast and dough rising, then about putting buns in the oven...which was silly because I was asking them about babies, not baking!" "Katniss and Peeta, for all their rebellious ways, actually learned through experimenting," Haymitch informed Johanna, the line of his mouth moving to keep his laughter in. "I have a feeling that they were a little surprised themselves on how children came about." Willow tilted her head in confusion. "So that's the only way I'll learn? Through experimenting?" "No," came the throaty voice of Katniss Mellark (or whatever she was calling herself). "You'll learn when you're old enough to understand, like your Dad and I said." Katniss looked to them, placing the bag of game on the ground next to her. "Did she almost trick you into telling her?" "No, but she did tell us about Peeta's baking methods," Johanna told her friend, her lips pulling up in a smile. "Very funny, Johanna," Katniss retorted. "Wait till your kid is asking you about babies." Deep inside, she knew that she would probably screw it up. Her parents never explained sex to her; the Capitol did—in the worst way possible. That thought brought a chill to her spine, reminding her that any which way she put it, she was a ruined woman. She was ruined way before this baby came into the picture. "Johanna." Peeta's blue eyes on Willow's round face brought her back to reality. "Are you okay?" She nodded after a moment. "Yes." Worrying the little girl wasn't going to do anything for her. "Willow, you just have to have patience to learn certain things. Wait. Wait for the rain and wait for the sunshine then spring will be here. Then everything is new and you'll be a little bit older and wiser. Then you'll come to understand. I promise." Mini-Katniss stared at her for a moment before finally placing a kiss on her cheek and joining her mother in the courtyard. And, Johanna felt his stare—the warm and inviting stare that put the baby inside of her in the first place. There was a knock on her doorway and Johanna looked up to see Haymitch, his eyes on her. She realized that she had drifted off once more, her hands moving along her rounded belly. It was strange, the taut hard muscle of her swell; its feel similar to the six-pack she once sported. "Can I come in?" he asked carefully. "It's your house," she responded. They didn't sleep in the same bed. She remained in the same dusty bedroom that she resided in for the last six or so months, choosing to remain altogether independent from Haymitch. After that one time, they had simply parted, each going to their respective bedrooms. There was no mention of what had happened—until Johanna had gotten sick and Mrs. Everdeen had felt her swollen breasts and that little bit of life growing inside her. "I don't go where I'm not wanted," he replied, remaining in the doorway. "Come in." Johanna waved her hand out. "I would've cleaned up for you, but I'm still a little full of baby." Haymitch nodded in understanding. "Can't really blame you for not wanting to get up. Your feet looked really swollen." He sat down on the empty side of the bed. "I was thinking that I should send for Mrs. Everdeen—" "Damnit, Haymitch!" Johanna glared at him. "I don't want any more poking or prodding! I'm pregnant not incapacitated. I feel fine. It moves and everything!" She grabbed his hand, letting him feel the kicks that kept her up at night. "See? All good!" Haymitch felt around. "I guess the baby is pretty active. I wouldn't know." He eyed her for a moment. "Since you refuse to talk to me." "I thought we weren't the talking types," she retorted. "I thought we were just the fucking types." "God!" Haymitch stood up from the bed, his grey eyes flashing with irritation. "You always have to fucking push me! I am trying to be nice to you!" "No one asked you to be nice to me!" she yelled back. "Isn't it enough that I'm doing you a solid and having this baby? What else do you want from me?" "I want you to stop acting like a stubborn bitch and realize that the people around you, including me, are trying to make sure that you're safe and healthy," Haymitch explained, each word puncturing at her hormonally wounded psyche. "I'll never feel safe." Johanna looked down at the stomach. Against her will, the tears came and she forced back the sob rising in her throat. "And, you're not trying to make sure I'm safe and healthy. You're making sure that it is safe and healthy." "Her." Johanna looked up at the word, wiping her eyes hastily. "Last month, when Katniss' mom came to check on you, she told me," Haymitch told her. "I didn't want to tell you because you weren't very happy with me then. You don't seem very happy a lot. I'm not sure if it's me or her. Either way, we're going to be in your life." He clucked his tongue before turning towards the door. "God help me if she's as ornery as you." She bristled at his words. "Fuck you, Haymitch!" He was already out the door when she heard his response. "Isn't that how we got here in the first place?" That night, Johanna dreamt of her. Grey eyes that stared at her innocently, thick hair that came from her mother, and the smile that she used to have. The smile that spoke of hope and possibilities, the smile that made her believe that things like love were actually real. Johanna could almost touch her, hear the girl call for her. She in the sunny dress, singing softly… Her eyes opened suddenly and Johanna shot up in her bed, cold sweat soaking her nightgown. There was movement in her stomach, the girl inside kicking and letting her mama know that she was not going anywhere. "I know," Johanna whispered to her covered stomach. "I know that you're there. Even if I kept telling myself that I'm just retaining water, you're not going to let me forget, are you?" There was one more firm kick. "Then I guess we'll just have to learn to get along," she continued. "I suppose that you heard your