This was originally posted on Tumblr to answer the prompt, ""That's almost exactly the opposite of what I meant.". It has now turned in a three-ish part story. I hope you enjoy. The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. The Teacher Part One "So tonight, I want you to finish Death of a Salesman ." Peeta sat back against the front of his desk. "I want to hear your thoughts, your feelings, and your interpretations." Her hand shot up, so Hermione Granger-esque, that he forced himself to suppress his smile. "Yes, Katniss?" "I'll tell you what I think right now," she stated, her grey eyes as steely as her tone. "I hated it." Around her, the class groaned. It was not unusual for Katniss Everdeen to speak her mind, especially in Mr. Mellark's class. Highly intelligent and highly instigative, the teenager was not averse to going blow-for-blow with her teachers, whether it be in Physiology with Professor Snow or U.S. History with Miss Trinket. She was often a point of discussion in the faculty break room, sometimes in admiration and other times in annoyance. However, to everyone's delight, the bell rang before Katniss could continue her tirade. The rest of the class stood from their seats, scattering out the door towards their next class. Katniss waited in her chair. Peeta, too, remained seated at the front of his desk. "So why did you hate the play?" Peeta enjoyed indulging Katniss' tirades; she was the most intelligent student that he had ever come across. She could draw connections that even he had never thought of in his ten years of teaching English Literature. His first assignment for the senior class that year was for each of them to find a character that best described them. He had funny answers like Bridget Jones or The Ghost of Christmas Past to somber ones like Sydney Carton and Tita de la Garza. Katniss had selected Mary Lennox; bratty, contrary, and outspoken. She opted to be satirical of her qualities, but Peeta had seen through it. Because as he had commented in his feedback, Mary had found purpose and hope in her garden—she had found herself. He believed that Katniss had not found her own garden and that her own viewpoint of the world and herself were not very encouraging. "Because it's like a giant 'Fuck You' to the American Dream," she spat tersely. "And, I saw too much of District 12 in that play. I saw every disappointed person in Willy, I saw my mother in Linda—too loyal to my father for her own good. I saw my best friend in Biff; all the potential and all he wants is the minimum in life, what is good and easy now ." Peeta shook inwardly at her candid words. For her fire was so lost in District 12. When Katniss spoke, he remembered how passionate he was at her age; how much he had loved the words of F. Scott Fitzgerald and Jane Austen. He could forget that, as much as he wanted to deny it, he had peaked at the age of 32—that he was relegated to teaching English Literature to seniors, who were already half-gone, and juniors, who were panicking over college acceptance letters. "You want more," he stated simply. "Don't you?" No one had asked him that in a long while. Not his wife or his family or even his colleagues—and it threw him in a loop. "Of course I want more," he admitted. "I wanted to be a writer." Katniss folded her arms on the desk, leaning towards him in apt interest. "Then, what happened?" "I wasn't as brave as you." Peeta crossed his arms, willing himself to suppress the crushing disappointment of his lost dreams. "Life happened." He struggled to continue. "I'm happy with everything. I really am." She stared and he knew that she didn't believe him, her eyes observing his internal struggle. "Will you meet me later, Mr. Mellark?" Katniss suddenly asked. "I get off from my shift at the diner at seven." There it was again—that twinge at her words…that fire . "Seven?" Peeta nodded absently. "Okay." He closed the front door behind him, letting out an unsteady breath into the autumn air. Delly had nodded in acceptance at him leaving, never questioning where he was heading at a quarter to seven on a weekday evening. She simply smiled before taking his plate to the kitchen. There had been a time where they were blissfully happy, content to be together. Over time, they had settled into a silence, running out of things to say to one another. Delly was busy with her real estate business and he was aspiring to be the best literature teacher that Panem High ever had. Now their dinners were spent staring at their phones, making conversation with anyone but the person in front of them. Every once in awhile, Peeta felt that jolt of loneliness—that disconnect despite the fact that his wife was only a hand hold away. The Everdeen Diner was on the main street of District 12 and had been there since the former coal-mining town was founded. Katniss' paternal grandparents had opened the diner and it been passed down since. No doubt, Katniss and whoever she married would one day run the place. He approached the brick building with five minutes to spare. Peeta wasn't sure what exactly Katniss wanted, but his curiosity in her request was something that he couldn't ignore. "You're early." He whipped around, finding her in a dark green parka and a grey hat atop her head. With her hair down, her eyes seemed even wider and the framing layers emphasized the pointed end of her heart-shaped face. "It's not that far of a walk from my place," Peeta replied before giving her a smile. "So how can I help you?" "Follow me," she replied simply, taking his hand and leading him away from the diner. "How well do you know District 12?" "Well enough." He had not grown up in the town like Katniss did. "Why?" "Just assuring myself that I'm bringing you somewhere you've never been." She smiled mysteriously. "Trust me." "Trust is subjective," he retorted and Katniss chuckled. "What?" "Such an adult way to see the world." They were nearing the woods on the far end of town and he felt his apprehension heighten. "Don't worry, Mr. Mellark. I can find my way through this forest with my eyes shut." "Peeta." Katniss stopped as they stepped into a thicket of trees. "We're not in school, so you can call me by my first name." "Peeta," she sounded out slowly, her mouth opening slightly as she breathed out the last syllable. He was suddenly warm despite the chill of the forest. "I like it." "Thank my parents." He looked around. "Where are we?" "My favorite place in District 12," Katniss said. "There aren't that many like it." They stopped in front of a large boulder encircled by a family of dark oaks. Katniss reached underneath it, pulling out an electric lamp and turning it on. She placed the lamp on the boulder before looking to him. "This is where I go when I need to think," she said. Her olive skin glowed under the warmth of the lamp. "Where I write." Katniss held out a notebook to him. "You seem like an unhappy man, Peeta." "Why do you think that?" he asked tightly. She moved closer to him, no doubt calculating the stiffness of his shoulders and the tightness of his mouth. He could feel her fire—rivulets of warmth dancing along his skin. It had been a long while since he had felt this alive. "You used to have fire in those blue eyes." Her hand reached, just a breath away from cupping his cheek. "I remember your first year at Panem High. I was a Freshman taking your Sophomore class. I was a blip of a girl at the time, but I remember that you had passion in your eyes. You cared back then." That had been the year when his book had been rejected—when he had given up. Even now, it still hurt to remember his excitement as he opened that envelope and the heavy depression that had come over him at the publisher's rejection. "I wanted to give you this." Katniss nodded at the notebook. "It's a writing journal. I've given you a prompt—maybe we can meet again and discuss your answer." "Here?" Peeta looked around the forest; scattered red and gold leaves blanketed on the ground and crisping under his feet. He looked to her, realizing how she seemed to fit in this forest, a nymphet of these woods. Katniss glowed in this place and it came to him suddenly. "You found your garden." She nodded, letting out a wide smile. "You remembered, Peeta." He knew then that he could not forget, not when she smiled at him like that. "I didn't know that you wrote a book." Katniss closed Peeta's notebook before handing it back to him. "Thank you for sharing." She drew her knees to her chest as she sat on the large rock that was now their weekly meeting place. "What was it about?" "About a family," he replied. "You'd hate it. It's about 'The American Dream'." "Will you bring it?" she asked. "I mean, the next time we meet?" Peeta grinned. "Are you going to give me another prompt?" He enjoyed her question: What did you want to be when you were a kid? Peeta had spent most of his weekend filling the pages of the notebook with his early childhood memories and love for reading—how he had hidden himself away from the world and his bullying older brothers using a notebook and a pen. "Since I picked this prompt, you can pick the next one." Katniss held out a worn burgundy notebook. "We'll compare notes next week." "Why are you hanging out with me?" he asked with a doubtful shake of his head. "Don't you have a boyfriend to keep you occupied?" "No." Her stare was serious. "I don't plan to ever fall in love." Peeta peered at her in amusement. "Ever?" "Maybe I was in love once…" She looked out into the dark forest, the light of the moon revealing the scarlet on her thin cheeks. "And, I just couldn't give him up." "You're too young for heartbreak," he chided. "I'm eighteen." Katniss straightened herself. "Perfect time for heartbreak." It was magnetic the way his hand reached to anchor her chin, his thumb just barely grazing her bottom lip and something inside trilled hearing her sharp inhale. "You're just too pure," he remarked, his eyes focused on the openness of hers. "Too pure to be hurt. I mean, I'd never want that for you." "Don't worry about me, Peeta." She let out a breath. "I don't hurt so easily." His hand fell away and he opened the book in front of him, scribbling their new prompt messily: Tell me about your family. ' My parents were high school sweethearts. She was rich. He wasn't and their parents didn't approve. So they did the only thing that could guarantee that they'd stay together: they had me. I was a means to an end. By the time my sister Prim was born, I could already see the cracks in the relationship. My parents were from two different worlds; my mother wants to be the perfect wife, but can't get it together. My father will never feel good enough for my mother so he compensates with other women that are never as beautiful or intelligent as her. The only bright light in all of this Prim— ' "What are you reading?" Peeta closed the journal, looking up to see Haymitch Abernathy, assistant principal, pulling up a chair. He gave the man a congenial smile, placing Katniss' burgundy notebook in his book bag. "Just something that I found at a vintage bookstore,"