Merry Christmas! The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Snapshot, An Everlark Christmas Story "You are the most beautiful thing…" Peeta Mellark knelt down in front of the studio floor, gazing up at the voluptuous blonde before him in a fitted corset and leather thigh-highs from behind his camera lens. "What do you do for a living, sweetheart?" "I'm a pop star," the woman informed Peeta as she placed a hand on her hip and pushed her firm bottom out. She peered at him through her long lacquered lashes and gave the photographer a ruby-lipped smile. "Where the hell have you been?" Peeta stood up, approaching her with an unabashed smirk before wrapping an arm around the woman. "Waiting for you, doll," he whispered into her ear. Her cloying perfume burned at his nostrils, but the sight of the pretty woman in front of him—all perky breasts and thick, riotous curls—caused the blood to rush down south and into his groin. "Care to have a drink in my office?" Around them, the crew rolled their eyes. Peeta Mellark's staff knew his ways well and some of the men began to wrap up their equipment. The make-up artist, Enobaria, who he had just slept with three months ago, threw her make-up brushes into her bag and hurried out of the studio in tears. Wrapping her arms around Peeta's neck, the barely-dressed blonde pressed her front to Peeta's, feeling his erection against her silk boy shorts. "Sure, we can have a drink," the popstar responded coyly. "After." Peeta moved her hair off his face. Beside him on his couch, the half-dressed woman giggled to herself. Looking at her now, all disheveled with her makeup smeared, he found his fire for her slowly extinguishing. She cooed, her head going to his bare chest and Peeta grimaced. He wasn't a cuddler. "That was lovely." Peeta slowly extracted himself from her hold and stood up to pull his jeans back on. He looked to the thick, gold watch he inherited from his late Uncle Haymitch and frowned seeing that the time had stopped once again. It always seemed to stop at 9:00. "I think it's time that you got going," Peeta finished as he zipped his jeans. On cue, his assistant Effie Trinket marched in. Going directly to the woman still sitting on his couch, she dropped the girl's purse on her lap along with her fur coat. "What is going on?" the woman bellowed, her once golden features going red. Peeta went to his computer, turning it on, barely glancing at her. "I have a meeting and you need to get out." "Come along," Effie ushered in a bored voice as she helped the fuming blonde to her feet. "I have your limo waiting for you right outside the studio. "Though you might want to bundle up. It's getting frigid out there…" She observed the woman's flushed face. "…and in here." "No one drops me!" The blonde marched up to Peeta, her black heels clicking along the marble floor. "I am Cashmere Brooks!" Peeta snorted. "You're Cashmere?" He looked at her pityingly. "Your music kind of sucks." Cashmere roared, her hand suddenly swinging at his face. Effie, however, stepped in just in time to grab the woman's wrist and yank her towards the open doorway. "You asshole!" Cashmere screamed as she was escorted out. "One day, I hope someone tears your testicles off and shoved them up your a—" His phone rang and Peeta looked to his screen. It was Rye, his younger brother. "Hey soon-to-be-shackled little brother!" There was a soft chuckle on the other end of the line. "Better shackled than overwrought! Hey big brother," Rye greeted. "I hope you're packing…or at least getting Effie to do it for you." Effie walked back in sans Cashmere to place his leather weekend bag on his desk along with the keys to his Jaguar. "Done. I'll be there tonight for the festivities," Peeta assured him. There was a slight pause before Rye continued speaking, "You're going to be cool with Katniss being here, right?" "Of course," he responded. "As long as she's fine with me showing up." "Good, because she'll be coordinating the wedding," Rye explained, "And is also Maid of Honor." "I wouldn't expect any less. It seems that the right Mellark ended up with the right Everdeen." Rye chuckled. "Don't I know it. See you soon!" Hanging up, Peeta picked up the elegant invitation that announced the Christmas wedding of Rye Mellark to Primrose Everdeen. It was to be held at their Uncle Haymitch's mansion where Rye was currently living as the estate's caretaker. It would be his brother and Prim's home for the foreseeable future. Placing the invitation down, Peeta reached into his jeans pocket for his wallet. Hidden between the sleeves of the Gucci wallet, he pulled out a single photo of the young girl: loose dark hair, large grey eyes, and the sweetest smile that radiated like the sun. "You better get going," Effie called out as he hastily put the photo back into his wallet. "It's about to snow again." Nodding, Peeta threw the strap of his bag across his chest before going to Effie, a smirk on his lips. "You going to give me a Christmas kiss?" Though at least ten years his senior, Effie was still quite the beauty. With light blonde hair and almond-shaped eyes on a peach complexion, her Pageant Queen upbringing was evident in her elegant steps and straight posture. However, the snort escaping her perfectly-rogued lips was simply Effie, sarcasm and Chanel rolled into one. "Oh please, Peeta," she responded. "You could never handle me." Her hand went to the wallet still on his desk. Opening it, Effie reached her perfectly manicured nails into the hidden sleeve where the small photo was always kept, presenting it with a knowing smile. "Also, I think that your real kisses were always for someone else." The Abernathy Estate was located in Connecticut in a small village with nothing surrounding it but spruces and fir trees, all covered in light fluffy snow. Peeta drove up towards the mansion, still amazed at its opulence. Rye had taken amazing care of it and as Peeta parked along the round driveway, he admired the neatly trimmed shrubbery and stone path leading to the house. Standing at the front door, Peeta stared at the large wreath hanging from it. In the middle of the wreath was a hand-painted Santa face. This was definitely Prim's doing as she was the artist among the Everdeens. Mr. Everdeen was recently retired from the army and Mrs. Everdeen was a high school teacher. Then, there was Katniss Everdeen. Correction, Doctor Katniss Everdeen. Reaching into his coat pocket, he pulled out the keys to the house and prepared to open the door when he saw something at the corner of his eye. For a moment, Peeta could have sworn he saw Haymitch Abernathy staring at him instead of that rosy-cheeked Santa that Prim had done. Shaking off the chill, he entered the house to a flurry of activity. Rye and Prim had hired extra help for the wedding and they were all rushing around him either moving furniture or placing bright red poinsettias in their appropriate spots. "Peeta!" He found himself in the tight embrace of his brother. Rye's beaming grin warmed Peeta like nothing else. They had been each other's only companions after their parents died and he practically raised Rye. "I've missed you, big brother." "You look good." Peeta cupped Rye's face affectionately. "A lot of women would love the more innocent looking version of myself. Are you sure that you want to get married?" "Hey asshole!" He turned immediately to see Prim, the petite golden-haired girl he had known since they were all kids, glaring at him. She was wearing a cream-colored fitted dress with a thick, webby lace, her toned arms crossed against her chest as she approached him. "Did we seriously invite you?" "Come on, Prim." Peeta held his arms out to her and grinned. "Every wedding needs a louse. Might as well be your future brother-in-law." Prim let out a laugh before rushing into his embrace. He lifted her easily and twirled her around before setting the soon-to-be bride down. "Why in the world do we put up with you?" she mused, a laugh in her sea-blue eyes. Peeta put an arm around her and kissed her cheek. "Because I'm irresistible." "Not to everyone," an amused voice called out. Looking up, his eyes locked on to the beautiful woman descending the stairs. Raven hair resting against her shoulders and deep, slate eyes followed his gaze. The burgundy dress she wore did wonders for her athletic figure revealing the womanly curves of her body and the long, tanned legs that were obviously from the recent bachelorette party in Miami. Katniss Everdeen had become a very beautiful woman. "Katniss." Peeta couldn't help but let his lips rise into a smile. She moved towards the group, her hips swaying gracefully. "It's been awhile." "Not long enough," Katniss retorted though a grin played on her full lips. "Hello, Peeta." Peeta held his arms out and she looked resistant at his gesture. "Come on, we're practically brother and sister!" Katniss shook her head before finally going to him and encircling his waist with her arms. He could smell the sweet scent that always seemed to waft around her. Resisting the urge to press his nose to her hair, Peeta instead wrapped his arms around her back. He chuckled into her ear, pretending not to notice how she nuzzled her nose into his shoulder. "Wow, Katniss! You really filled out." Peeta was suddenly shoved away as Katniss huffed, her grey eyes raging at him before she rushed into the den of the house. Prim flipped him the finger before following her upset sister. "Ten minutes." Peeta looked to Rye who shook his head at his older brother. He went to him. "What do you mean?" "Ten minutes," Rye repeated with a slight smile. "Ten minutes in the house and you've already managed to piss off both Everdeen girls." "Technically, one and a half," Peeta responded. "Tomorrow, Prim goes full-Mellark." He put an arm around his brother's shoulders. "Come on, let's go raid Uncle Haymitch's wine cellar. We need to catch up." After taking a quick nap, Peeta got up slowly from the plush California King. He had been assigned Uncle Haymitch's room which suited him just fine. The man had elegant taste befitting a ladies man who had passed on during the prime of his life. Apparently Haymitch had spent the night with two twenty-year olds before falling into the eternal post-coital nap. What a way to go. Washing up in the black-tiled bathroom, Peeta looked at himself in the mirror, a navy towel around his hips. Something looked off. However his reflection showed no outwardly changes. His hair was the same gold and he had no flaws on his 2% percent body fat physique. He went into the room to change into his suit for the pre-wedding festivities. "What is going on with me?" "You're starting to get tired of the game," a voice suddenly responded. However, the tell-tale snarky tone came from the mouth of someone who had been dead for five years. Slowly, Peeta turned and was greeted by the sight of his Uncle Haymitch sitting in the wingback chair in the corner of the room, glass of bourbon in one hand and cigar in the other. "Hey kid." Haymitch took a puff from his cigar, blowing smoke circles into the air. "Looking good." "I must have drank more than I thought," Peeta muttered to himself. Rubbing his eyes, he assured himself that the specter would disappear. However as he brought his hands down from his face, Haymitch was still lounging in the chair tapping the cigar and dropping ash on the hardwood floor. "You're still here?"