The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Trigger Warning: Abortion Dust to Dust The club was packed; the smell of cigarettes and sweat permeating through the air. On stage, the cover band screamed out the lyrics of 'Bust A Move' as the audience danced on the floor below. The girl made her way through the throng of people, ignoring the not-so-subtle whistles of the drunken club goers as she searched the crowd. "KATNISS!" Katniss Everdeen turned to find her best friends, Johanna and Gale, waving from a table close to the bar. Pushing through the last of the drunk dancers and avoiding one pervert who tried to cop a feel, she found her way over to her friends. "Hey!" Kissing them each on the cheek, she placed her purse on the table. "I need a drink!" "What's wrong?" Gale asked, his dark eyes full of concern. "Is it Cato?" "When the fuck is it not Cato?" Johanna proclaimed, her sharp eyes narrowing at the name. She signaled the bar to bring them some shots before turning to Katniss. "What happened?" "He dumped me." A waiter dropped their first set of shots and she tossed one back before looking at her friends. "Did everyone know that Glimmer was sucking his dick except for me?" Her friends avoided her eyes. "Come on, guys! You're supposed to be my best friends!" "I had an inkling that he was doing something behind your back," Johanna reasoned. "But, I thought that it was because I always hated the asshole." "Glimmer was bragging about doing someone the last time that she came into the store," Gale added. He worked at a boutique in the Upper East Side, close to the apartment that he lived in with Thresh, his boyfriend. "I didn't think that it was Cato." Katniss had finished the rest of the shots by this point. She signaled the bartender for another round. Johanna moved the tray away from her once the drinks came. "Better slow down there, girlfriend." Katniss glared at her friend. "Who are you? My mother?" She reached for the tray to pick up one more glass, throwing another drink back and feeling that satisfying burn of alcohol in her empty belly. It was going to be a long night. The alley was freezing but Katniss had her fill of horrible cover music so she went outside to clear her head. She didn't want to mention to Gale or Johanna that Cato had not only dumped her, but was also moving in with Glimmer. They had already signed a lease for an apartment in Brooklyn and over the last month, he had been secretly moving his things out. As of tonight, Cato was gone—warm and cozy in Brooklyn with his beautiful blonde girlfriend, her long legs, and big tits. She hoped they burned in hell. This wasn't how Katniss thought things would go. Reaching into the pocket of her camel peacoat, she took out the peace-offering blunt that Gale and Thresh gifted her before the couple left the club. Johanna had abandoned her just a few minutes ago for one of the singers in the band. Apparently, the two had met before and she was going to his place to give him her 'music critique'. Katniss couldn't get a spark from her lighter. It seemed to be running out of fluid or it was too cold. "Shit!" "I think you've had too much." Her eyes looked to the new occupant in the alley—a blond man in a navy coat. She placed the blunt back into her pocket before glaring at him. "What I do in private is none of your business," she retorted. "You've had two trays worth of shots," he informed her. Katniss peered at him, her tired eyes trying to maintain eye contact. "How would you know?" The man had unbelievably blue eyes, so intense that even in the dim light of the alley, she could see them glowing at her in the darkness of their surroundings. He approached Katniss, his steps heavy as if he was burdened himself. "I was your waiter." Holding out his hand, he gave her a smile. "I'm Peeta." "I'm Kat—" She couldn't finish because sudden torrent of sour vomit rose from her throat and she lurched forward, covering Peeta's thick coat in a layer of her upchuck. "Could this night get any worse?" Putting her hand over her mouth, Katniss looked to him apologetically. "I'm so sorry." "Honestly, this isn't the first time that I've been vomited on." Peeta carefully reached into his pocket and retrieved a crumpled napkin, handing it to her. "This wasn't even the worst occurrence." Hastily, Katniss wiped her mouth. "I live nearby." She took his hand. "Let's go." "Here." Katniss handed Peeta a white t-shirt that Cato had discarded before leaving their—no, her place. She looked to see that he was wiping his jeans as well. "Crap! Give me the pants too." Peeta met her eyes incredulously. "I'm not getting naked in front of you." "It's not anything that I haven't seen." Katniss crossed her arms, waiting on the resistant man. He remained obstinate, his own arms crossed over his chest. "Fine. Fair is fair." She placed his stained jacket and shirt down then unbuttoned her blouse, revealing a turquoise bra. Peeling it off, Katniss tossed it on top of his clothes. "There. You happy?" "Should you be doing this in front of me?" he asked. "I think I could easily overpower you if it came down to it," she said bluntly. "Now, pants." In a huff, Peeta quickly unbuttoned his pants revealing his black briefs before handing them to her. She took the clothes from the warm hardwood floor before heading to her washer and dryer which were next to the kitchen. It was the one luxury in her bare apartment, made even barer now that Cato had taken most of their living room furniture which included the couch and television. "Hey," Peeta called out as she tossed his clothes and her shirt into the washer. "Fair is fair." She rolled her eyes before pulling off her jeans and tossing them into the pile inside. "Don't laugh," Katniss warned. "I was getting to the last of my nice underthings." She emerged after turning on the washer in her orange panties. "Orange is my favorite color," he informed her with a smirk, his eyes moving to her turquoise bra. "I actually think the color combination works." "Shut up!" She couldn't help but grin, admiring the slight dimple that pressed into his jaw when he smiled. "I'm having a really shitty day." "I heard." Peeta looked around. "So he took most of the stuff, huh?" "Well, he paid for most of it." Katniss went to the one electronic item left in the living room—her music player. "At least I can charge my phone while I can still afford electricity." "What do you do?" he asked. "I work at a bookstore," she replied. "It's closing down, though. So I have like two months to find a job." "How about parents?" Peeta inquired as she went to the music player to plug her iPhone in the USB port. "Maybe they can help." "I'm sure they would," Katniss told him offhandedly. "They're dead." "Sorry," he responded awkwardly. "Mine, too. I have a little sister though, but she lives with my Aunt and Uncle." "That's nice." She leaned down to start the iPhone's shuffle. A Sam Cooke song began and she snapped her fingers in time with the easy tune. "What's her name?" "Prim." Peeta held his hand out and she took it, twirling around him. "Sam Cooke? Good choice." " Don't know much about history Don't know much biology Don't know much about a science book, Don't know much about the French I took… " He put his hand to her waist and she guided him along the empty living room floor. The music mixed in with the alcohol exhilarated her. For a moment, Katniss forgot the failures and the burning bridge that was her relationship with Cato. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. She could forget him and what they had. "You could sleep in my bed," Katniss informed Peeta as they stopped in the middle of the room. "You're drunk," Peeta responded, his eyes gazing worriedly at her. "Tomorrow, you might not even remember that you invited me over." "I'll remember those eyes," she whispered as her mouth moved over his neck. He shivered and Katniss held him closer. "Are you cold?" "No," Peeta responded, his voice thick against her skin. Katniss closed her eyes, letting the timbre of his voice move along her body. "Come on." Taking his hand, she led him to her room. The mattress laid on the floor, the sheets rumpled and definitely slept-in. After Cato left, Katniss had flipped the mattress and changed the bedding before wrapping herself into her blanket for the majority of the day. Letting him lay down first, she joined him. "You can be the big spoon." Peeta laughed before wrapping his arm around her waist and pulling her flush against his chest. He pressed a kiss to her neck. "I kinda like this." Katniss let out a yawn, pulling the blankets over them. "Me, too." They fell asleep quickly, the music wafting in from the living room. " But I do know that I love you, And I know that if you love me, too, What a wonderful world this would be… " Slowly, Katniss roused from her sleep. It was still dark and the sound of rain against her window played in tune with the song coming from her living room. She sat up slowly and looked over to where Peeta slept, his arm over his eyes while the other arm rested along his abdomen. Quietly, Katniss got up from the bed and went to the bathroom. She quickly closed the door and used the toilet to rid herself of the booze and regret. Going to wash her hands, Katniss looked up at the mirror seeing her dark circles and mussed hair. Then, she blew her breath into her hand before abruptly grabbing her toothbrush to banish the taste of vomit. Anyone would die smelling her breath. How did Peeta stand it? Turning off the light, Katniss slipped out and headed back to the bed. The floor was freezing and so she hurried her steps to the mattress quickly moving back under the covers. Katniss turned to look at her sleeping partner and her finger went to trace the lines of his face, over the thick brows, the angular cheekbones and the strong jaw. He was a good-looking man, there was no doubt about that. " And if I may just take your breath away I don't mind if there's not much to say Sometimes the silence guides our minds So move to a place so far away… " The rain grew louder against her window and the light from the streetlamps reflected against her white walls displaying the shadows of the night shower. For a moment, Katniss worried that Peeta would wake up. However, he seemed lulled by the rainfall and so she continued the examination of his face. His hair was dirty blond, cut short on the sides while the front was longer and pushed back with pomade. There was a slight beard growing along his jaw and his mouth hung open as a light snore escaped his weathered lips. Reaching to trace the bow of his top lip, she gasped when his hand suddenly took hold of her wrist. His eyes opened, the intensity of his gaze penetrating her. "You here to finish me off, Sweetheart?" he asked under his husky breath. Moving closer, Katniss pressed her chest against his before tentatively capturing his lips in a kiss. Their tongues met sloppily, the taste of mint toothpaste in-between them and she shuffled onto his body to straddle his waist. " One love,