A little something new that I wrote on Tumblr and turned into a one-shot. However, I would not mind expanding on this Everlarkson. The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Show Me District 13 She's crying again. Katniss Everdeen, Girl on Fire, is weeping like some heartbroken teenager into her District 13 administered pillow. If Snow could see her now. Part of me tries to find reason for the tears. She is a teenager after all. I hate teenagers. I never was one. That part of my life barely registers in my mind anymore; it is best that those memories stayed buried in the very back crevice of my mind or I will likely implode, killing everyone in the process. There's another sniffle, followed by a muffled sob and I shoot up in my bed. "Katniss." "What?" She turns to me and I bite back the groan seeing her olive face, flushed with tears. "You have to stop this," I advise her. "Crying isn't going to bring Peeta back to you." The deep bruises on her neck have just begun to heal from crazy ol' blue eyes—Peeta's attack. Everyone thinks he's insane, each person running around lost in this underground maze, trying to figure out how they can fix him. The truth is that Peeta can't be fixed. He can be taught to be functional in society but he's not going to be that sweet-faced boy from the Caesar Flickerman interviews. I doubt he'll ever be able to live alone at this point. "I know," Katniss responds in a hollow voice. "I just…" I give her an indignant stare. "Just what?" "I miss him." The words are whispered under a trembling breath and my eyes catch the shine of the small pearl that she often moves in-between her morphling-shaky fingers. "I miss Peeta." I bite back the urge to roll my eyes. "Brainless, get it together! You don't even know the guy who's tied to that hospital bed anymore. You're missing the person who was gutted out of Peeta's body and replaced with a killing machine. The Peeta you know is dead. Get that straight." She turns away, burying her face in the stiff pillow once more. However, this time she's quiet. I lay back and close my eyes trying to relax in this stiff cot. The water is rising…filling the room…freezing my toes…now my stomach…and my nose…I can't breathe… My eyes snap open. Fuck. Looks like I won't be sleeping after all. "Mutt…mutt…mutt…" Peeta mutters next to me as Katniss sits across from us along with her guard, the able-bodied Gale Hawthorne. 'Able' as in being able to let Katniss use him as her fake Peeta. I caught the two pressing awkward kisses to one another in one of the empty hallways and it disgusted me for several reasons—the significant one being that the dark-haired boy looks like her brother. I quell the urge to make some sort of snide remark about kissing cousins as they settle down at the lunch table. Annie and Finnick, who seem to be in a permanent lip lock, sit next to the awkward sibling-looking couple and I see Katniss' eyes move to them before she just barely looks to Peeta. Her attempts to cover up her looks of longing are pitiful. Peeta tightens the hold on his fork and I can see him trying to fight off the feeling of the morphling-created hatred running through him. "Calm down, blue eyes." I give his shoulder a squeeze. He stills a bit before looking to me anxiously and my hand travels down the thin skin of his emaciated back, stopping at the small of it. "You don't want to go back to using the plastic utensils, do you?" My eyes catch Katniss' cold stare and I lean over to speak into Peeta's ear, smelling antiseptic against his pale skin. "She's just a girl." Katniss is now eating faster than I've ever seen her. I don't think I've seen her eat this much since we were 'rescued' from Snow's little torture cell. Next to her, big brother Gale is watching her shovel food into her gob, his eyes fleeting over to me and my cell buddy. I meet Katniss' eyes and I see the fiery rage in those smoky orbs. Girl on Fire, indeed. Then, I realize something. Katniss is jealous. Jealous that I can speak to her rage-induced boyfriend without him wanting to take a fork to my eye. The anger only grows seeing the little privileges that she is no longer allowed—my hand to the small of his back, a gentle whisper against his soft lobe and the tiny bit of an upturn on his parched lips. God, any stupid moron could see that she is in love with him. Katniss is only realizing that now. It only took a hijacking to see it. "What exactly do you miss about Peeta?" Katniss has just returned from another propos with Cressida and the rest of the filming crew, exhausted and not looking much like The Mockingjay that Coin so desperately wants her to be. Trading one crazy dictator for another. At least this time around, I'm not being asked to sell myself to a bunch of retired Gamemakers and politicians. "I don't know," Katniss says as she begins to remove the drab grey uniform that we are required to wear in the underground district. "Little things. The smell of yeast on his skin, the way that the sunlight would catch his eyelashes, that small tingle that I would get before he kissed me." She looks down at her hands. "It's all meaningless now, I guess. Like you said, the Peeta I know is not coming back." I'm feeling like a little bit of bitch now. I already know that I am a cynic but part of me feels bad for making her the same way. There are one too many Johanna Masons in the world in my opinion. "How did he kiss you?" I'm suddenly curious to know what kind of kiss would cause The Mockingjay to become nothing but a shell of her former self. "I don't know." Katniss looks away and I catch the deep blush on her thin cheeks. "It just made me warm every time he did." "Show me." I stand up and sit in front of her, my knee pressing down on her hard mattress as I settle down. "I just don't understand how a kiss can make anyone feel anything." I meet her downcast eyes. "You want me to understand you? Show me." Katniss ponders my words for a moment as we sit on her bed with nothing but silent air between us. After a while, she looks to me, a determined light in her coal eyes. "The last time we kissed you were there," Katniss says in a choked voice. I remember, right before I 'attacked' her and ripped her tracker from her once unblemished skin. "His head was tilted like this." Katniss tips her head to the right and my eyes go to the splay of dark locks on her bare shoulder. "Then, he leaned forward and just—" Her lips go to mine and I taste the slightly sweet taste of saliva on my tongue. "—kissed me." The coldness once present in my empty chest dissipates from the warmth of her kiss. I can see how one could feel lonely…even lost without it. Suddenly Katniss is crying into her hands, the guilt coming back in a quick, deadening rush making her melancholy once more. A pang of sympathy hits me. "Come here." I gather her into my arms and she settles against me, sniffling into my shoulder. "It's alright." I hold her until neither one of us can keep awake. "You won't even try to see her?" I question the boy sitting in the chair. Peeta stares back at me, his weak hands just barely gripping the armrests. "I've said what I needed to say to the mutt." His lips twist into an angry line and it's hard to think that those were the same lips that had once kissed Katniss so gently. Walking to him, I stop in front of his chair and my hand goes to his face. I feel the beginning growth of a beard on his strong chin as my fingers travel up his temple and into his hair. I yank harshly at his locks and he yelps at the sudden pain of my grasp. "Get it together, you little shit," I hiss into his face, leaning down to press my forehead to his. His eyes are cold with anger but behind them I can see the slight heat of something else—arousal. He enjoys the pain and part of me wonders if that had been inside him long before the hijacking. "Don't you call Katniss a mutt. I know that Delly Cartwright might be a little nicer during her time with you but you're not going to get that from me." "What do you want?" he asks, his warm breath against my open mouth. "I want you to remember Katniss," I respond. "She told me all about you two. How you would take care of her, carrying her to her room in District 12, and baking her bread." Peeta squirms at my words and I grip harder on his dirty-gold tendrils. He settles at the motion. "She told me how you used to kiss her. How you tasted like sugar." "W-W-What?" His jaw falls open at my words and I look down just catching the growing tent in his bottoms. "Did you know that I kissed her, Peeta?" His eyes widened at the statement. "I wanted to see what you gave her that has her crying every night and aching for you." My mouth goes to his ear. "She tastes like sugar, too." Peeta lets out a moan and I let go of his hair as he falls back in his chair, gasping at breath. There's a damp stain on his pants. I just made Peeta Mellark come all over himself. "Get out," he hisses as he breathes out. "Gladly." I turn to head out of the room so I can wash the guilt off my hands. "Johanna?" I spin to find him staring at me. For a moment, I think I see the old Peeta in those blue eyes. "When are you coming back?" "When you need me again." I leave the room quickly. Katniss has taught me well. My mouth moves against hers gently, dipping my tongue into her awaiting mouth. As we lay on her bed, I coax her tongue to sweep against mine—just like Peeta would. I am a surrogate, letting her take her frustration and need out on me. Days have gone by. We train until we can't move. The Rebellion is approaching. Several Districts have staged their own attacks against the Capitol. My own District 7 has just led a campaign that killed several Peacekeepers in its wake. "More." Her half-lidded eyes open to affectionately gaze up at me. "I need more." "Katniss." I take a breath to slow my racing heart. "I can't give you more." "He came today," she tells me. "Peeta actually came to one of our sessions." Katniss' lips spread in a soft smile. "It was like I had him back for a moment. You know when the Quarter Quell was announced, we used to train together." "Oh yeah?" My hand ghosts over her braid and I release the band to spread her soft waves on the rough fabric of the bed. "What did you do?" "Sprints or we would spar…things like that." Her eyes are suddenly far away and I watch her dark lashes flutter along the round shape of them. "Peeta really pushed us. It was the first time I saw him forceful." I chuckle. "I knew that wasn't the Capitol's doing!" "What do you mean?" I press my forehead to hers, feeling her chest rise