Hello—and welcome, welcome to this new story. This is based slightly off of the book, Thoughtless , by S.C. Stephens—but twisted into my own little Everlark world… The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. " So, sure, I could just close my eyes. Yeah, sure, trace and memorize, But can you go back once you know…" -Ben Folds feat. Regina Spektor 'You Don't Know Me' You Don't Know Me Chapter One: Katniss "Honey, wake up." Opening my eyes, I turn to see Cato smiling excitedly at me. My body aches from the eight-hour drive from our last stop somewhere in Maryland. Groaning, I sit up and realize that we are actually in Manhattan as our tiny VW Beetle passes Grand Central Station. "I can't believe that we're actually here," I tell him as I look out the window. "We're living the high life, baby!" Cato responds in excitement. His hand reaches for mine and his thumb caresses my knuckles. "And by high life, I mean sharing a flat with Gale's former roommate…" I chuckle at the sudden drop in his tone. "The guy can't be that bad. I mean he tolerated Gale—asshole that he was." Gale has been our friend since Kindergarten. He, Cato, and I were all put at the same table. During art time, Gale swiped my yellow crayon—and I smacked him in the face. Cato tried to take the blame which ended up with all three of us sitting in the corner for a time-out. We've been friends ever since. In time, however, Cato and I transitioned into more. He had been my first crush, my first kiss, my first date, and my first…everything else. Gale was the wide-eyed wanderer and when we all graduated, he had made a quick decision to go NYU to pursue his journalism degree while Cato and I decided to attend Panem University, our local college, together. My best friend, who could've been related to me due to our similar coloring, scoffed when we told him our decision. "Boring," Gale declared. "You two will never leave Panem." He looked to Cato. "You'll use your photography degree to work at Sears and take Easter photos." Then, Gale looked to me. "You'll never work on your music. You'll just spend your days popping out kids." He meant it as a joke but Gale could have a fucked-up sense of humor sometimes. Four years later, Gale is off to London to work as an international correspondent for the New York Times . Cato had been offered a position as a photo editor for an online travel magazine based in Manhattan. Job offers have been scarce for me. I guess that's what you get for getting a degree in music. So when Cato told me about his offer and asked me to move with him to Manhattan, I said yes. "I think that you'll get along with Peeta," Cato informs me. "He's a musician and is pretty popular in the club circuit so Gale said that we would never not have anywhere to go." He begins to pull into a parking space in front of a large brick building as I look down at my cell phone. Prim, my little sister, is probably still asleep. There's a three-hour difference and it's only five in the morning in Panem. My Dad might be up as he has to open our grocery store for deliveries. "You okay?" I look up to see Cato staring, his light eyes concerned. "Are you nervous about Juilliard?" "Maybe a little," I tell him. Sighing, I give him a half-smile. "What if I don't belong here?" "Then we can go back home," Cato assures me. He leans out of his seat and gives me a kiss. "But, I know you, Katniss. You've never backed down on a challenge and I think that going to graduate school in New York is going to expose you to a lot of great things." Cato always knows what to say to comfort me. I unbuckle my seatbelt and push myself over the shift space to give him another kiss. "You're my hero, you know." My boyfriend gives me handsome smile. "Katniss, you've never needed to be saved." Walking out of the elevator, I don't realize that there's a slight gap in the floor and I pitch forward—the box in my hands. "HOLY SHIT!" Someone yells as the box flies out of my grasp. I can see myself about to hit the floor and instinctively, I close my eyes. But, I don't hit the floor. Instead, I'm engulfed in the scent of warm bread loaves as strong arms encircle my waist. Opening my eyes, I'm greeted with warm blue eyes and a handsome face staring down at me. "That could've been really bad," he says in a quiet voice. My eyes look to the box on the ground next to us, its content spilt forward. "Well, that box had all my underwear in it and the floor is covered in bras," I respond. He chuckles at my words and his hand reaches to move away a tendril of hair swept across my face. "You're funny," the man tells me. "What's your name?" I'm a little breathless looking into his eyes, cornflower blue and full of depth. His hair is dirty blond, much darker than Cato's and his sculpted face draws down to a strong chin that cradles his bright smile. He's beautiful. "My name…" My mouth feels full of cotton. "My name is—" "KATNISS!" I hear Cato's rushed steps towards me and the man still holding me in his arms. When he reaches us, his and the man's eyes meet. "What happened to her?" "Tripped over the gap in the elevator," the man informs Cato. Together, he and Cato help me to my feet. "Glad you came to her rescue, Peeta," Cato says to him. My boyfriend looks around at the underwear spilt down the floor hallway. "Though it looks like the box didn't make it." "Geez, I'm embarrassed enough," I say as I recover and turn to look at the man in front of me wearing the fitted dark jeans and white v-neck. Holding out my hand to Peeta, I meet him square in the eyes. "Katniss Everdeen." He takes my hand to give it a gentle squeeze and I feel a comfort radiating through me. "Peeta Mellark." His hold lingers for a moment as we stare at one another. "Welcome to Manhattan." "Thanks," I reply and slowly our hands pull apart. There's a buzz coming from his jeans pocket and Peeta pulls out his phone. He groans before giving us another smile. "Gotta go. I work at a bakery two blocks down and our flour shipment is here," Peeta explains. "Make yourselves at home. I don't have much in the fridge but beer. There's a deli market across the street if you want to grab something." "Thanks Peeta," Cato tells him jovially. "I'll see you at Haymitch's around six for a welcome drink and introduce you both to the crew," he tells my boyfriend. Leaning down, Peeta reaches and grabs the black lace bra at his feet. Placing it in my hands, he winks at me before opening the gate of the elevator to step into it. "Stay on your feet, Katniss." I nod wordlessly, trying to keep the heat from rising once again. "Nice guy, right?" Cato says as we begin to gather my underwear to put it back into the box. "Yeah…nice," I respond, still remembering the warmth and smell of Peeta Mellark. Rough lips caress my neck and a moan escapes my mouth. Slowly I come to, remembering that Cato and I had fallen asleep after getting all my boxes. We didn't even bother putting sheets on our mattress. "What time is it?" I ask Cato as he nips on the soft flesh of my ear. Pressing against him, I feel him hard against the thin cloth of my pajama pants. "5:30," he responds as his hand wanders to my front and under my tank top. "Do we have time?" His fingers are teasing my nipples to peaks and my lower half twists, fully awakened and aching to be touched. I turn to him, throwing a leg over his hip to draw him closer to me. "We can be quick…" Cato grins and lies back so I can fully straddle him. His hands go to my hips and I shift to feel his cock straining in his jeans. There's a knock on the door. "Cato? Katniss?" Peeta's voice calls out from outside the door. "Got home early from my shift. You still down to go to Haymitch's?" My boyfriend meets my eyes and I nod in acceptance as I get off of him. Cato turns to the door. "Give us five minutes!" "You don't think that he heard us, do you?" I ask as I reach into one of the boxes to pull out a pair of jeans. "We just have to get used to having a roommate, sweetheart," Cato says to me. "It'll be fine—and I'm sure in time we're all going to get along." "Fine," I tell him as I reach to grab my hairbrush from another open box. I give him a smile. "This job better pay you some serious cash, sweetie. Because I don't know if I can take having to be quiet during…you know." Standing up, Cato walks over to me. "Well, you'll just have to practice." Sinking down to his knees, his hands reach down to the elastic of my pajama pants to pull them off along with my panties. I stand before him, my lower half exposed to his gaze. I'm throbbing, hurting to have his mouth on me. "What are you doing?" "Five minute lesson," Cato tells me as his lips are pressed to my inner thigh. "On how to be silent in such a small space." Haymitch's bar is five blocks down from our apartment building. On our way there, Peeta points out the bakery that he works at during the day as an assistant to Mags, who owns the hole-in-the-wall patisserie. He tells us that most of the people who work at the bar are students who go to NYU with the exception of Johanna, who is actually the business manager. "I think that Haymitch might be plowing her too—but don't mention that to either of them," Peeta says as we get closer to our destination. He's changed out of his white v-neck and is now in a black shirt and brown leather bomber jacket. "Also, you're going to meet Madge, who Gale had a bit of a thing with before he skipped town." "He mentioned Madge," I tell Peeta. Often, Cato and I would get drunken phone calls from him spouting out the beauty of Madge Undersee. "He likes her more than he's letting on." Entering the bar, several voices shout out to Peeta and he waves to everyone before going to the bar. A tall, dark-haired man wearing a ratty shirt stands behind it, cleaning beer glasses. As we reach the bar, he reaches out to shake Peeta's hand. "Picking up strays?" The man asks with a smirk. "No, since Gale's abandoned the bar in favor of pubs," Peeta starts. "He helped a starving artist out and brought me a duo. This is Cato and Katniss." "The photographer and the musician," Haymitch says. "You two any good?" "I just got a job working for an online magazine as their editor," Cato informs the man. "And, Katniss is going to Julliard because she's brilliant." Haymitch looks to me, a smirk on his scruffy face. "So, Miss Juilliard—are you going to perform for us?" "I don't know," I tell him. There is something in me that immediately trusts him despite his surliness. "Depends, really." "On what?" The question comes from Peeta. I meet his deep blues unwaveringly. "Convince me. You have to really want it." Peeta doesn't respond