My very first Gadge! Hope you enjoy! The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Baby Steps Summer Madge Undersee adjusted the skirt of her white crêpe dress as she approached the front porch of the cream Colonial house with its dark green shutters. Her eyes went to the large knocker with the emblazoned 'M' just below it. It was grand and verbose, just like her two friends. Reaching forward, she grabbed the knocker giving the door a solid knock when a sharp pinch to her backside caught her off guard. Whipping around, she found the leather jacket clad Gale Hawthorne standing before her. He was forever the bane of her existence. "Hey gorgeous," Gale greeted, his smirk revealing bright, white teeth to her frowning face. "You really filled out there." "Drop dead," Madge muttered before looking to the door. "That's not very nice." Gale joined her at the door. "You should be happy. I mean before, your ass was not so nice. Real flat and shit." His grey eyes traveled behind her and she tugged her skirt down. "But now, that thing looks itching to grab. Like I could just grab one cheek and go to town—" "You pig!" Madge's fist whipped out, socking him in the arm just like she did when they were kids. Gale thought he was being so cool. She'd show him. She'd whoop his ass then and she would do it again. Gale blocked her punch, all the while laughing at her anger. "I've never seen someone so sensitive over their rear end!" "I don't even know why Katniss and Peeta invited you!" Her small purse had come into play and she smacked it against the thick sleeve of his jacket. "You should go back to wherever you came from!" "I'm Vi's godfather so of course, I'm going to be here," Gale told her before reaching inside his jacket to reveal a crudely-wrapped teddy bear. "It's her first birthday. What about you? Where's your present, Godmother Madge?" Leaning down, she presented him with the wicker basket full of toys and neatly-folded clothes. "You were saying?" Gale shook his head. "Fucking show-off…" Madge pounced. "We can fight but I will always win." She looked up at those narrowed steel eyes. "Remember that." "Madge! Gale!" They turned to find Katniss and Peeta Mellark trying not to not to laugh, but failing miserably. Katniss met Madge's eyes worriedly. She never forgave herself for trying to set up Gale and Madge in high school. It was an utter train wreck; the asshole arrived 30 minutes late to their date and reeked of another girl's perfume. Madge had made her friend promise that she'd never have to see Gale Hawthorne's smug face again. However, that totally went to hell because Gale was Peeta Mellark's best friend and the handsome blond was Katniss' boyfriend-now-husband. "Come in!" Peeta ushered them inside after hugging them both. "Viola is just waking up from her nap." Katniss went to Madge after greeting Gale. She hugged her friend affectionately. "Sorry, I didn't warn you," Katniss said sheepishly. "I really didn't know that he would sneak up and pinch your ass." "Katniss! Were you watching us that whole time?" she shrieked. "You know how Gale gets when there's a viable snatch in his vicinity!" "You wish, sweetheart," Gale called out from inside the house. Katniss practically held Madge in place. "We thought that maybe you both had grown out of this feud. I guess we were wrong." Katniss' arm went around Madge's shoulders to calm her down. "Next time, I won't leave you and Gale alone with our big knocker." Madge snickered. "So you and Peeta like big knockers?" They walked into the entryway of the house as Peeta approached the two. His wife moved towards him and he wrapped an arm around her waist before kissing her fully on the lips. "Yes." Peeta looked at his wife's abundant chest. Breastfeeding had done wonders to Katniss' itty-bitty titties. "We love big knockers. Especially me." "Gross," Madge and Gale chorused together from their respective places. "Vi, you are too gorgeous," Madge cooed at the one-year-old sitting on her lap. "Those big blue eyes and dark lashes are just too much." Viola Mellark clapped her hands in excitement. She had been the long-awaited addition to their little group. The one-year-old looked like Katniss' mini-me with the exception of having her father's bluebell eyes. The four of them had gone to the same college before traveling the world. Once they were sure that they has caused enough trouble, Katniss and Peeta got married in a gorgeous mansion just a few miles out of their hometown in an ostentatious wedding. Madge was Maid of Honor and Gale was, unfortunately, Best Man. After, they all settled into their respective jobs; Peeta went to work for the Abernathy Architecture firm as their lead Engineering Architect, Katniss opened up Mellark Bakery becoming Head Baker and Manager, Gale wrote for Trinket Magazine as their travel correspondent, and Madge started up her photography business. Then last year, Viola had unexpectedly come into their lives—and they all couldn't be happier. "Vi." Gale knelt in front of them and tickled their Goddaughter's chin. "Keep smiling like that. If you don't, you'll end up with frown lines like your spinster Godmother." He grinned as she just narrowly missed kicking his crotch with her red heel. Laughing, Gale plucked Viola from her grasp. "I like the pink panties, by the way." Madge growled. "The bitterness runs deep in this kitchen." He looked to Peeta. "Where are you setting up the tables?" "Outside," Peeta informed him. "Let's go." He gave Madge a smile. "I'm saving you both." The two men went to the back porch and into the meadow-like backyard. "Don't let him get to you," Katniss encouraged as she iced the cake on the counter of the marble island. "You know Gale. He likes messing with you. I have this theory that he's actually still upset over you ditching him during prom for Thresh McKinley." "He deserved it." Madge stood from her seat and joined Katniss. "He was a total ass. The one day, besides your wedding, when you want someone to tell you that you're beautiful and what does he say? That I have lipstick on my teeth!" "Well, you did," Katniss replied. "But besides that, you looked absolutely gorgeous." "I didn't get laid though," she retorted and scowled at her best friend. "I know you did." "Sweetie, I was laid in the dressing room where I got my prom dress!" Katniss laughed to herself as she twisted the top of the icing bag and started creating yellow flowers on the buttercream cake. "Then in the limo, once in the ladies room, and then over and over at the after-party." "I get it—you and Peeta are the horniest bastards ever." Madge smiled, hearing her friend hum in agreement. "I love you both though and I love that little girl that you created. So, I'll tolerate Gale for this one day." "Thanks," Katniss said appreciatively. "Now tell me about the Calvin Klein campaign that you're shooting with that hot model Marvel and how you let him do you in the dark room in your studio." Madge chuckled, her cheeks warm. "I did not!" "Pretend you did," her friend responded. "I want to hear all the juicy details." She snorted. "Well, he does have one of those V-cuts along his hips…" "You know you can't always bait Madge like that," Peeta told Gale as they carried out another tray of food into the backyard. "She'll only take so much of your shit." The party was in full-swing, the neighbors of Victors Village along with their children filling the yard. Peeta waved at his boss Haymitch, who accompanied by his wife Johanna—who was just about ready to pop herself. Gale had also met Finnick and Annie Odair along with their son, Henry, who was currently jumping in the bouncy house in the corner of the yard. Beetee and Wiress Latier, who lived next door were chatting with Madge, who had her camera in her hands, ready to catch the perfect shot. "She makes it too easy," Gale responded with an easy smile. "Just like in high school." "Madge kept you from getting arrested when we were in Cairo," Peeta said as he arranged the plate. "Yes, she can be a little Type-A, but that's her thing." "Not just a little Type-A." He looked at the woman who was currently cleaning her lens vigorously. "She can be a bitch sometimes." "You were late for your first date—" his friend argued. "—after hooking up with another girl." Gale bit his lip, trying not to remember the look of disappointment on Madge's face. She had looked so pretty in her baby-blue dress that night and to see the hurt in her eyes nearly killed him. He had been nervous about their date as he had always noticed the beautiful blonde with the sky-blue eyes walking the halls of their school. When Gale had gone to get her flowers, the shop girl had been more than willing to close her doors to show him how sweet she thought the gesture was. Peeta snapped his fingers in Gale's face. "Dude, just try to be nice for the rest of the day." "Fine." His eyes went to the Madge, who was currently trying to avoid a bodybuilder of a man. "I'll be back." Walking over, his arms automatically went around her waist. "Hey babe." Relief washed over her features and Madge pasted a smile on her face. "Hey honey." She turned to the man in front of them. "I was just talking to Brutus here about the new gym that he just opened. Brutus, this is my boyfriend Gale." Gale shook hands with the brawny man before turning to Madge and planting a quick kiss to her lips. "Katniss wanted us to look over something in the house," he informed her. Giving the man a grin, Gale led Madge away, his hand wandering to her full bottom. She turned to him and he gave her a jeering smile. "Don't get angry just yet. Your boyfriend is still watching." He had to admit—Madge had a great ass. As soon as they were inside the house, however, she socked him in the arm before walking away. She also had one hell of a right cross. " Happy birthday, dear Viola…Happy birthday to you…" There was a round of applause and Madge watched as Katniss and Peeta helped Viola blow out her candles. The round-cheeked girl beamed, her riotous dark curls waving around her face. The video was perfect and she couldn't wait to get to her studio to start editing. "You did good." She looked up to see Gale before her. He sat in the space on the couch as she put down the camera on the mahogany table. His eyes went to the freeze frame of their friends and Viola blowing out the candles. "They look really happy." "You mean, I did well," Madge corrected him, though there was little fight in her voice. "Oh my God, did we actually go to the same schools?" "Yeah, but you paid more attention," he said. "I had a life." "I'm so tired that I don't even care that you're being a major jerk." Taking off her shoes, Madge shifted and tucked her feet under her bottom. "It was good day." "I agree," Gale said with a sigh. "Kind of feels like the end of an era though. Peeta and Katniss have Vi and soon they'll have more. I'll just keep doing anything with big boobs and a short skirt, according to you and you'll be—" "Taking over the world," Madge finished for him. "Hopefully, I'll be doing some traveling in the near future. I just need to save a little more money." "Why don't you come with me?" Gale asked suddenly. "I mean, I have a