In which I try to write a fic loosely based on one of my favorite movies, "Knocked Up". The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Thank you to Chelzie, beta extraordinaire, who I constantly bug with new chapters and new stories—like this one. One By JLaLa Part One: Pre-Conception "I'M IN!" Katniss had been waiting for the letter for weeks. Today, it arrived in a large manila envelope; she had been accepted into her first choice—Johns Hopkins. She was going to medical school. Running out the door of her apartment—which was actually her best friend's pool house—she threw open the door and ran into Johanna's kitchen. Her friend turned to her while she placed a bowl of cereal on the table for her daughter, Jenna. "Well?" "I got in!" she said and waved the letter at her. Johanna made a grab for the letter so she could read it. "Well, thank God you got in; I thought you were going to go insane waiting for this thing. In a year—you're going to learn how to open people up and get paid millions for it. Congratulations, Doctor Everdeen!" The two embraced excitedly. Since high school, Katniss had worked her hardest to be on top—she was valedictorian and in the top 5 percentile in their school. In college, she graduated pre-med with top honors and had volunteered at the local hospitals for experience. "So, we're finally getting rid of you." They turned to see Gale, Johanna's husband and her other best friend, walking into the kitchen. "Congratulations, Catnip." He ruffled the top of her head playfully. "In a year," Katniss replied with a grin. "Enough time for me to get prepared—I just need some time to relax. I studied for months for the MCAT'S and I need a break." "You need to get wasted," Johanna told her. "Mommy, what's 'get wasted' mean?" Jenna looked up at them curiously. She was four, with Gale's grey eyes and Johanna's piercing stare. "It's something that you're never going to do," Gale told her and kissed the top of her head. "We need to go out," Johanna said and turned to her husband. "What do you think?" "Rory is going to be working at this new club downtown on Friday," Gale told them. "Why don't we go?" He turned to Katniss. "Call Prim up, too, because I know he would LOVE to see her." Her younger sister, Prim, had been Rory's crush for as long as they could remember. The Everdeens and Hawthornes had been neighbors in the suburbs of Central California. Johanna lived across the street from them with her family. She was an only child, so she often found herself at one of their houses. "I'll give her a call. She just finished her last final two days ago," Katniss replied. Prim was finishing up her second year at UCLA and pursuing a degree in Art History. "So, Friday?" Johanna repeated. Katniss agreed. "Friday." "Peeta." "Hmm…" "PEETA!" The soft foam football hit his back and he jumped out of bed quickly. Thresh, his roommate, grinned at him. "Get the fuck up, man—it's noon." "And?" Peeta rubbed his back. He had just come home from a bartending gig four hours ago. "Everyone else is awake," Thresh informed him. "Also, we need your piece of the rent." "Crap." He opened his bedside drawer, pulling out random bills, then clumped them into a ball as he handed them to his friend. Thresh raised his brow. "Dude, you need a checking account." "I'll get to it." Together, they walked out of his room and into the living room where the rest of his roommates sat. Finnick and his girlfriend, Annie, sat on the couch engrossed in an episode of Maury as they ate Spaghetti-O's from the same bowl. "Hey, Peeta, want some?" Annie asked and lifted her spoon to him. She gave him a serene smile. Peeta stared at her buzzed green eyes before shaking his head. "No, thanks." "NOT THE FATHER!" Finnick screamed and then turned to their last roommate, Cato, who sat in the lounger. "Pay up!" "Shit." Cato reached into his pocket and tossed Finnick a twenty. Peeta and Thresh exchanged glances. "I don't know why I stay with you fools," Thresh said. "'Cause we're the shit," Cato responded with a grin. He turned to Peeta. "You got a call from your agency. They need you for some gig on Friday—some new club downtown. I wrote down the address for you." Peeta went over to the table where their rotary phone sat. "There's nothing written here." Finnick and Annie looked up at him. Annie let out a giggle which she tried to cover with the palm of her hand. "What?" Peeta asked. "WHAT?" "I have to go," Thresh told them and reached into his pocket to grab his keys before turning back to Peeta. "Check your forehead, bro." Friday "I'M HERE!" Katniss ran out of her bedroom and Prim threw herself against her older sister. They tried to spend as much time as they could together over the past months, but with Katniss studying for her MCAT'S and Prim at school full-time—it left them with very little opportunity to see each other. When she called her little sister, Prim accepted right away. "I missed you!" Katniss said and put an arm around her then looked her over. "What are you wearing?" "Clubwear." Prim twirled, showing off the deep V in the back of her black sequin dress. The skirt barely reached her knees and on her feet were a pair of platform stilettos. Her long blond hair was piled prettily in a high bun on top of her head. Damn her supermodel looks. Then Prim looked at her. "What are YOU wearing?" "Clubwear," Katniss replied as she presented her white tank and jeans. "No." Prim pushed her towards her bedroom. "Johanna told me this would happen." "What—?" The two entered her room and Katniss looked over her reflection in her vanity mirror. "This is not cute," Prim said and opened her closet. "You need to get laid, big sister." "Primrose!" she scolded. "Katniss," her sister responded mockingly. "You need this. One night. One night of pure debauchery." Prim took out a silk red dress with a slinky neckline and tight waist from the small closet. "Put this on and I'll go get Johanna's curling iron." "But-" Prim was already leaving the room. "Dammit!" Katniss tossed off her tank top and began to unbutton her jeans. She looked at the dress—it was a spur of the moment buy that Johanna had pressured her into getting. "AND DON'T FORGET SOME SEXY UNDERWEAR!" Prim screamed before closing the door to her place. "Hey, Peeta!" Peeta turned to see Rory Hawthorne, the club's new DJ, in front of him. The two had met through the club circuit, so he wasn't surprised to see the young man at the newest club in downtown Los Angeles. "What's up, man?" The two shook hands. "Looks like we're in for a busy night," Rory said and Peeta handed him a bottle of water. It could get rather hot at the DJ's booth. "Listen. My brother, his wife, and my old neighbors are coming out tonight. I was wondering if maybe you could do a hook up for them." "Sure," Peeta said easily. "What do they look like?" "Gale looks like me, but scarier," Rory said with a grin. "Johanna, his wife, is a brunette with bobbed hair. Not sure how my neighbors look now—they're sisters. One's a blonde and the other one has black hair—well, it was pretty dark from what I remember." "I'll look out for them." "Thanks," Rory replied. "Truth is—I had this huge crush on Prim—she's the blonde. I'm wondering how she's looking now." "Well, I hope she's as cute as she was before," Peeta replied. "You'd better get up there. I think I hear them letting people in." Rory waved before departing and he sighed. He could hear the beginning beats of a Lady Gaga song. Here goes nothing. Two Hours Later "I see Rory!" Prim said as they walked into the club. Katniss looked up at the stage to see Rory behind the turntables in full DJ mode. He had his headphones on and was switching his record when he spotted them. He gave them a quick wave. "Where are Gale and Johanna?" Katniss asked as they walked through the club. "They said that would be here in an hour," Prim said into her ear. "Let's get some drinks." "You can't drink," Katniss replied. "Knowing Rory," her sister responded. "Someone will give us a drink and come on—look at you." "What about me?" The dress wasn't horrible and Prim had accessorized it with a gold belt that showed off her waist. On her feet was a pair of simple black stilettos that she borrowed from Johanna's closet. Prim had also curled her dark hair so that it hit her shoulders in smooth waves. She completed the look by lining her eyes and placing a light peach gloss on her lips. "You look hot," Prim replied. "Ripe for the picking." The two sisters went to the bar and found a tight spot towards the end. The bar was full of people and the bartenders were trying to fill as many orders as they could. "I'm going to say hi to Rory and make a request," Prim said into her ear. Katniss nodded and turned to watch her disappear into the crowded dance floor. " You loved me and I froze in time…hungry for that flesh of mine But I can't compete with the she-wolf, who has brought me to my knees…" "What can I get you?" Katniss turned and found herself meeting the eyes of a handsome blonde. He was about a head taller than her and even in the dim light of the club she could see the bright blue of his eyes. "What do you suggest?" she asked loudly. "First time?" he asked. "I'm not much of a clubber," Katniss replied. "I'm celebrating and my sister, Prim, made me get all dressed up." She pointed out her sister who was at the DJ booth talking into Rory's ear. "So that's Prim?" he asked her. "Rory mentioned her. You must be her sister. I'm Peeta." The man held out his hand and she shook it. "I'm Katniss." An unfamiliar tingle ran through her as she touched his skin. "What are you celebrating?" he asked her. "I got into medical school," she replied. "Next year, I'm off to Johns Hopkins." "Impressive. Beautiful and smart." Peeta reached under the bar and took out a shot glass, filling it. Katniss felt her face burn. God, he was cute. "Drinks are on me tonight," Peeta said. "Try this. It's a Lemon Drop." She eyed the shot glass and the sugared lemon next to it. "Do one with me." "I could get fired for that." "I will tell whoever that it's all my fault—and plus, the customer is always right." "You're getting free drinks." "Come on," Katniss said and leaned forward. "Just one." She was actually flirting. God help her. Peeta looked at her for a moment before taking out another shot glass. He poured his shot and then took out a lemon, coating it with sugar. "What do I do?" she asked. "Shot first, then the lemon wedge," he told her. "Together." Katniss nodded and then raised her glass. Toasting with Peeta, she threw the shot back and then took a bite of the sugary lemon. "Fuck," she said after she placed her glass down. "I felt that." Peeta grinned at her. "How did you like it?" "Interesting," she smiled back. "Katniss!" Prim was rushing towards her. "Let's dance! I found Gale and Johanna—they're already out there!" She looked over at Peeta. "Who's this?" "Peeta, this is my sister, Prim," Katniss said. "This is Peeta. He knows Rory." The two shook hands quickly and Prim turned to