This is kind of a new thing that I'm working on. I hope you enjoy. The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Bear with me as there are some time changes in the chapter. Look to the West Chapter One: Kings and Queens Every day I wake up to her. She follows me through my day, scolding me about my morning breakfast of booze, through my lonely walks in the silent forest where we all used to play. Prim talks to me about Katniss, her twin sister, and about Gale, who can hardly look at me without wanting to lunge at me in anger. I used to be the leader. As children, it was the four of us—Gale, Prim, Katniss, and me. We never understood the difference between Merchant and Seam as children. In the woods, we were all equal. Kings and Queens of the forest, each with a quadrant of our own. I was the North, the guide. Gale was the South, calm and collected while Katniss and Prim made up the West and East, two opposites brought together in the middle. It was appropriate as Katniss and Prim were as different as night and day despite being twins, fraternal ones. Katniss, lovely Katniss, with her stormy, penetrating eyes and then sweet Primrose, blue eyes so clear that you could read everything in them. It was all so different as children. "You're talking to yourself again, Peeta," Prim says as I sit in my lonely dining room. "And, you're wasting your dinner." I've been picking at the squirrel stew for almost two hours. Nothing seems to fill the hollowness inside of me and it almost seems wasteful to waste such a good meal on such an empty vessel. "I'm not hungry," I manage to mumble back. "Why are you here?" Prim shakes her head. "I don't know. You tell me." "Maybe it's because I've finally gone insane," I reply. "Everyone seems to think so." She gives me a smile, dazzling in the dusty room of my large home in Victors' Village. "You're just as sane as I am." "Prim, you're dead," I tell her. "Sanity means nothing to you." Maybe I should start from the beginning. It's always the best part. My name is Peeta Mellark. I am eighteen years old. I am from District 12. I am the Victor of the 74th Hunger Games. I only won because she let me. Every night, I replay those memories from two years ago in my head. The Reaping—that horrible, fucking Reaping that changed everything. Did I expect my name to be called? No. I had the least amount of bids put in because of my Merchant status. But, I accepted it with dignity. Katniss, Gale, Prim, and me—we all prepared for this, should it happen. Just because we weren't Careers, it didn't mean that we couldn't train ourselves to the best of our ability. Since we were children, we would sneak into the woods behind the Seam. We would play our games, pretending to go into battle and learning our strengths and weaknesses from one another. Both Gale and I were strong though my dark-haired male companion had more combat skills due to having been in many fights before. Being a Seam child always made you the butt of the Merchant group's jokes. Katniss was a top-notch archer, so skilled that she could hit a squirrel right between the eyes. I often spent afternoons just watching her practice, admiring the taut toned muscle as she pulled her arm back to aim. Prim was our healer, able to tell which plants would save you and which would kill you. She could make a splint out of sticks and bandages from leaves. We were ready if any one of us was called. We weren't ready when it was two of us. I remember everything about that day. The even greater starkness of our District, the blinding colors of escort Effie Trinket's outfit, and those sad, grey eyes staring up at me as I stood on the platform. Effie usually called out the female Tribute's names first but was momentarily distracted by Haymitch Abernathy, the lone Victor of District 12, nearly falling off his chair in a drunken stupor. So, I was called first. I remember Gale squeezing my shoulder, almost painfully, because of his shock. Giving a brief nod, I accepted my fate and walked up to let Effie coo over my so-called handsome Merchant features. Then, she was reaching into the glass bowl with names of the females of our district. Clearing her throat as she unfolded the piece of paper, her posh Capitol accent said the name that none of us expected: "Katniss Everdeen." God, not her. Why her? Katniss, proud and pretty in her mother's blue dress, stepped out of from where she stood and began to walk towards me, her eyes full of tears. "I VOLUNTEER! I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" Prim, suddenly closer to the stage, stepped in front of her sister and her eyes went to mine. She turned to Katniss, speaking to her briefly and kissing her forehead before walking up to join me. Gale collected a hysterically sobbing Katniss, practically carrying her back to her spot in the crowd. "Our first volunteer," Effie said into the microphone in stunned disbelief. "What is your name, my dear?" "Primrose Everdeen," my friend responded in a strong, clear voice. "And, I'm guessing that young lady was your sister," Effie continued. Prim's voice caught as she responded, "Yes, my twin sister." The next morning I wake up to a knock on my door. I don't sleep in any of the bedrooms, instead opting to pass out after my whiskey dessert in the living room. The fire I created last night had since burnt out. This morning, Prim is not with me and I let out a small sigh of relief. Maybe today will be a day of no memories. Today, I can let myself fall into a drunken stupor and pass out in a dreamless sleep. Going to the door, I see a bag on the porch. Looking inside, there lies a wild turkey. "The girl dropped it off," a voice yells out at me. I look across at the house opposite of mine to Haymitch Abernathy, Prim and my former mentor. He used to be the town drunk until I took over. The day that Prim died was the day he sobered up. I nod as I peer into the bag at the lifeless creature. What a waste of good meat. "You should invite Haymitch over." I whip around to see Prim sitting on the stairs in the simple white dress that she wore for her interview with Caesar Flickerman. The goal was to make her look pure—the beacon in the greyness of District 12. "He gets so sad sometimes." I close the door behind me, ignoring Haymitch's calls of concern. "We're all a little sad." Prim peeks into the bag that I've left at the door. "Katniss still remembers your favorite." "It does her little good," I reply to her sister. "She should be worrying about other things. Like what's going to happen to her and your mother." "Have you ever thought of asking her?" Prim responds, hardness in her voice. "She's only eighteen, Peeta, and she has very little options. Not like you." "What do I have here?" I spit out at her in anger. "An empty house, lots of booze, and the ghost of one of my best friends!" "You have a chance to change things!" Prim yells back. "You have a chance to help her! To help me!" "How the fuck could I help you?" I ask her as I crumble against the stairs next to her. "I couldn't help you before." "Peeta. What are you thinking about?" In the dark cave, I turn to Prim, who is lying next to me. Her blue eyes have faded in exhaustion as it has been days since we've been able to hunt for food. The Gamemakers have decided to let a windy, torrential rain fall through the arena. There is no way for either of us to hunt as all animals have gone into hiding from the wet weather. "How I want to see the stars," I tell her and swallow the hunger in my empty belly. "It's been so long since we've seen real sky." "North Star." Her nickname for me. "What direction are you looking in?" "The West. Always the West," I tell her and she grips my hand painfully in agreement. "Look to the West," she says quietly, her head falling against my shoulder as she tries to hide her tears from the cameras. " Makidada… " "What does that mean?" I ask her as I meet her eyes. I search my memories for the one other moment that I've heard the word from her mouth. "Never you mind, Peeta," Prim tells me. "Now go to sleep." On Saturdays, I help my father in our bakery. My brothers work the front counter as no one wants to see the Mellark recluse. My own mother can hardly stand to look at me, even more so now. She had doted on Prim as a lot of people had. And, like a lot of other people, she blames me for her death. "Gently, Peeta," my father guides me softly. "Knead gently." I look up from the dough I'm working on and give him a smile that can't quite reach my ears. "Thanks, Dad." "Have you been sleeping?" he asks in concern. "No, Mr. Mellark." I jump when Prim's voice suddenly echoes in the quiet kitchen. "He has nothing but nightmares." "Be quiet," I hiss at her and my father's eyes widen at my outburst. "Sorry, Dad. I've been trying to." "Well, keep trying," he responds in uncertainty before going to check one of the ovens. "Peeta, can you look for Katniss?" Prim asks anxiously. "I mean, it's the one day that you actually come to town." "No," I tell her quickly as I make sure that my Dad isn't looking. "I have to work." "Go on a break," she urges. "You need one. Go check on her." I shake my head sharply once. "No." She throws flour at my face and I sneeze. "Peeta, do you need to step outside?" Dad asks anxiously. Her mouth is at the side of my head. "Say yes…say yes…" "Okay yes!" I shout. The dough I'm working on is now over-kneaded. I look over at my Dad who is gripping the bottom of his apron, a tense expression on his weary face. "I'll be back," I mumble and rush out the door before he can respond. As I head over to the Seam, I pass the Justice Building and cringe at the foreboding structure. I can almost see my younger self and Prim, hands joined, as we hold up the District 12 sign, our three middle fingers up as we bid goodbye to our home for what might have been forever. How brave we thought we were. The Seam is close to the forest where we used to play and I watch Prim wander over to the boundary. "Look, Peeta," she says to me and points at the broken part of the fence. "I bet that Katniss and Gale still hunt together." I look down at my feet, not wanting anyone to see me talking to nothing. "It's most likely just Katniss. Gale is working in the mines now." Prim's smile falters as she joins my side. "He never wanted to be underground." Turning to her, I give her a half-smile. "We are all doing things that we don't want to do, Prim." "What are you doing?" Prim asks crossly. "Breathing," I respond before stopping in front of the Everdeen house. Prim rushes over to the pen at the side of the house to see if Lady, her goat, is still around as I knock