Welcome to the sequel and may the odds be ever in your favor. The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. North Star Chapter One: The Reaping Katniss grips my hand tensely as we stand together on the stage along with Haymitch. I look to her and squeeze her hand back in comfort, my gaze going to her still-flat abdomen. It won't look that way for long as Katniss has already developed a small bump due to our two growing babies. Today, we were able to cover up her pregnancy with the navy dress she wears and so far no one has suspected a thing. We let Haymitch in on it so he could cover for us should Katniss suddenly become 'indisposed'. Though he grumbled over our lack of proper birth control, I did catch a wisp of a smile on his lips over the thought of the two new occupants in the Mellark household. Despite the worry, we are elated. Katniss and I have always wanted to have children and after only seven months of marriage, it has happened. Since we found out, we have spent our time introducing ourselves to the little ones. I read somewhere that children can hear, even in the womb. We want them to know who their parents are. I want them to know that I'm their father. I tell them I'm not the easiest person to live with, that I can have fits and unexpected bouts of rage, but would never cause them pain. I am in love with them already. I don't want my children to be afraid of me. I make many mistakes but I would never hurt them or Katniss. My reverie is broken as I realize that Effie has called up the male Tribute. Adam, our boy tribute, is fifteen and from the Merchant side. I think I've seen him around but I can't quite place where. He looks friendly, which will be good for sponsorship, and strong-bodied for someone his age. However, I have to school my expression when our female tribute's name is called and a small girl with golden hair makes her way to the stage. Katniss is effected as well, her grip tightening on my hand; the girl looks eerily like Prim. The young girl is pale and shaking as she begins her walk up the stage steps and I'm afraid that she'll pass out on her way up. "I VOLUNTEER! I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" The familiar voice shakes me to the core. Katniss is on the verge of tears seeing Madge Undersee rushing to take the young girl's place. Not her. Anyone but her. Especially for Gale's sake. Madge brings the little girl back to her mother before ascending the stage. I forgot that my friend is still eighteen. This would've been her final year in the reaping. Her birthday is next week. Katniss looks over at me, her hand moving over the small bit that is our children. We have even more of a reason to fight—for them. Like Haymitch said, our children will be hybrids of Katniss and me, full of my fighting prowess and Katniss' charms. They will be the one thing that Snow will never expect yet the one thing he will covet. Because if he has them, then he will have Katniss and me. Snow will have me. After presenting our two Tributes and having them shake hands, Effie escorts them to say their final goodbyes. I look to an ashen Gale, nodding to the Justice Building where I know Madge will be with her family. He should say goodbye. "Mr. Mellark. Mrs. Mellark." Katniss and I look to see a Peacekeeper standing before us, expression hidden under his headgear. "I will be escorting you to the train." We nod and I give Katniss a small smile as we walk towards the station with our armed escort. "Ladies and Gentlemen," Haymitch mutters from where he walks beside us. "Welcome to the 77th Hunger Games." The main train cart looks similar to the one that Prim and I rode in when we first entered our Games, all rich velvet and mahogany with an abundant food set-up. Katniss looks around in awe at the sumptuousness of the food and décor before meeting my eyes. "Was it like this when you went to the Capitol?" "Similar," I tell her. "Though I think the fact that District 12 has won twice within the last two years gives Effie some perks in decorating for her escorts." Taking her hand, I lead her toward a set of doors. "Let's go look for our room." We find our room easily across from Haymitch's. Our large bed takes up most of the space but I see Katniss sigh in relief seeing the plush pillows and soft comforter. I can tell that she is feeling a little under the weather, her hand pressing her lower back as we examine the room. "Hey," I call out softly. Approaching, I move behind her, massaging the area where her hand rests. Immediately, Katniss falls back against me, a small sigh escaping her lips. "Why don't you rest? It's a long way to the Capitol." "I will," she tells me. "I just can't rest right now." Katniss turns to me. "Why would she volunteer?" "Because she's Madge," I respond. "There isn't a mean bone in her body." I sit down on the end of the bed. "Though she'll have to grow one if she wants to survive the Arena." The Games will change her. The thought of Snow making someone as good as Madge into another one of his pawns causes the blood inside of me to boil. To him, we are nothing but pieces to move around his game board. Eventually, when he grows tired of us, Snow will just get rid of the board altogether. It happened to District 13 and it could happen to us. Katniss approaches until she stands completely in front of me, her slight belly right in front of me. Without a thought, I pull her close and press my lips to the small bump that is our children. "Hey little ones. It's Dad," I say, my mouth against her. "We're on our way to the Capitol. Hopefully, this will be the only time that you'll need to go to that horrible place." I look up as Katniss weaves her hand through my hair. "So please, give your Mama a chance to hide you two for a while. It's safer this way." I kiss her abdomen. "I love you so, so much." "We love you, too," Katniss whispers hoarsely. Leaning down, she gives me a kiss. "We're going to be alright. We've been through worse." My hand reaches to the nape of her neck, drawing her lips to mine. Katniss smiles in our kiss, a moan whispering of overwrought hormones and desire escaping her full lips. There's a sharp knock on the door and we pull apart just as Haymitch strolls into the room, a full smirk on his face. "I thought that you'd wait until the train started pulling out of the station to christen your new room," he remarks. Katniss glares at his words and Haymitch immediately backs away, palms up in surrender. "Calm down, Mrs. Mellark. I just wanted to let you know that the Tributes have now arrived and we are getting ready to leave for the Capitol." "Where's Madge?" Katniss immediately asks. "Once Effie showed her the Tribute cart, she decided to stay in her room," Haymitch says. "I'll go check on her." Katniss rushes out of the open door, leaving us alone. "Adam is in the main cart," he informs me. "I think it's time to start your duties as mentor." Nodding, I stand up and Haymitch pats my shoulder. "It gets easier." I whip around at his words, bristling at his light tone. "Listen. If I have any control over this Rebellion then this will be my only time doing this!" I look around before continuing. "Haymitch, we love you but I don't want to wait years before finding Tributes that I care about. I don't want to start caring about them because they don't care about themselves anymore." He looks at me for a moment, hurt in his eyes. "Is that what you think? That I cared because you went off the deep end?" "You didn't want see yourself in another Tribute," I hiss in frustration as we stand face to face in the tight hallway. "Admit it. You didn't want another person around you who didn't give a shit about themselves. I am your cold hard mirror of reality." I turn to head to the main cart. "Goddamnit! Get back here!" Haymitch growls. I turn and he stomps over to me. "I remembered you four. You used to crawl behind that fucking fence like you could give a shit about dying by electrocution. You were all content to be with one another. Then, you got older—and I saw you with Katniss. You looked at her like she was the moon. Don't tell me what you think you know about me, Peeta! Because no one likes assumptions, least of all you!" "You saw us?" I repeat in surprise. "The entrance you used was not too far from Victor's Village." Without even realizing it, Haymitch had always been watching over us. "I'm not going to do this—participate in this charade for Snow," I promise him. "I'm going to get them out if I have to bomb that damn Arena myself." Haymitch grins. "Now, we're talking!" He claps my shoulder, his eyes becoming serious. "I do see myself in you, Peeta. But, only the good parts. The ones I used to have." "There is still good in you," I respond after a moment. Taking a nervous breath, I square my shoulders to go into the main cart. "Here goes." Stepping into the cart, Adam immediately stands. He has Haymitch's lanky frame though it's balanced with his broad shoulders. "Mr. Mellark, Mr. Abernathy," he says and offers his hand. "It is nice to meet you." I shake his hand. "Just Peeta, please." "Haymitch is fine, son," my co-mentor adds as he shakes Adam's hand. We all sit at the dining table and look over the spread. My eyes zero in on the thinly-sliced ham. Katniss can't stand its smell and will immediately turn green at the sight of it. I ask one of the attendants to remove it before thanking them. Haymitch eyes me knowing that request was not for me, but my wife. "Adam," I begin. "What do you want to do when you grow up?" The boy's expression sobers. "Besides live?" I nod reluctantly. He thinks for a moment before responding. "I want to be a doctor." Immediately, I tell him the things he will have to excel in and what he can effectively use to impress the Gamemaker panel: plant identification, first aid. Then I go over the things that he will most likely struggle with: combat, weapon fashioning—anything physical. Adam's father works in the Justice Building and I realize his father is the clerk who notarized Katniss and my marriage license. Then I think of our wedding party and how Adam was one of the kids that Rory was talking to. After he's done telling me about himself, Adam meets my eyes once more. "Peeta?" "Yes?" "I don't want to die," Adam says quietly. Through his confidence, I see that he is only a boy. I think that long ago that was me. I sat in this train cart with the same worries and fears. What could Haymitch have told me that would have made me more assured? Less alone? "That's why we're here," I reply and then nod my head at Haymitch. "Because we're going to give you the best chance that we can." Standing up, I give him a tense smile. "I'm going to check on Madge while Haymitch tells you