The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Thank you to Chelzie, my beta, for her awesome editing skills! Joy Comes in the Morning " One more, Mrs. Mellark!" She grunted once and the room was suddenly filled with the tiny, shrill cry of their daughter. " You did great, honey," Peeta told her as he pressed a kiss to her sweaty forehead. " Let's name her Joy," she told him with a grin, her breath coming out in thin gasps. " Naming her after yourself, huh?" His wife nodded tiredly, her hazel eyes shining on him. "Fair enough. You pushed her out." It all happened quickly; her face went grey and there was beeping—that horrible beeping of the machine as her heart rate suddenly dropped. " She's hemorrhaging!" one of the nurses called out. "We need blood—STAT!" There was scrambling in the once serene room as he stood by and watched Joy go limp. The delivery room was suddenly filled with nurses—some holding bags of blood while others yelled out the declining numbers on the machines. " WHAT'S HAPPENING?" He clung to his wife's hand as they rushed around the hospital bed that Joy lay in. A dark-haired nurse stood in front of him and his eyes met her steel ones, the only exposed part of her face due to the mask she wore. "What is happening to my wife?" " Mr. Mellark, your wife—" she began to tell him when the doctor suddenly burst into the room and her eyes went to Joy's obstetrician. "Doctor, we've already given Mrs. Mellark two pints!" Dr. Abernathy was quickly at Joy's side, his hand going to check the pulse point at her neck. "Damn it—call the OR!" He looked at Joy's ashen face. "Prep her for surgery!" " WHAT DO YOU MEAN SURGERY?" Peeta suddenly yelled. The doctor turned to him. "Mr. Mellark—Peeta, your wife is bleeding out—and we have no idea why. The nurses have given her blood, but she is losing it quicker than we can supply." " What do I do?" he asked the doctor. " Wait," Dr. Abernathy replied simply. "I will inform you on her status as soon as I can." The doctor looked to the grey-eyed nurse. "Everdeen." He nodded over at Peeta. "Show him to the waiting room." A warm hand touched his free one. "Mr. Mellark, let's go," she urged gently and Peeta let go of Joy's slackened hand. "There is nothing you can do for Joy right now." " I promised not to leave her—she was scared," Peeta told her weakly as he was led out of the room. "She needs me…" They found themselves in a silent waiting room. The nurse led him to a set of couches and he sat roughly, his face falling into his hands. " Mr. Mellark." The nurse knelt in front of him with a bleak look in her eyes. "Is there anything I can do?" His blue eyes bore into hers. "Tell me the truth. What is going to happen to my wife?" The nurse looked around to make sure no one was listening before speaking again. "Your wife is hemorrhaging heavily—likely from an unforeseen clot. They need to perform emergency surgery to close it. If not, she will bleed out and…" She didn't finish. "Dr. Abernathy is doing everything he can." Peeta nodded. "Thank you for being honest." The nurse stood up. "You're welcome." She turned to return to the delivery room but suddenly stopped at the doorway to the waiting room. "I heard you had a little girl." He looked up at her and smiled sadly. "Yes. Her name is Joy." "Oh gosh, here he is — again," Madge said, her eyes following someone behind her co-worker. "Who?" Katniss asked as she wrote in the chart at the nurses' station. "Mr. Mellark." Something prickled at the back of Katniss' neck; the name sounded vaguely familiar. "His wife was the one who…" Madge didn't finish. "It was Dr. Abernathy's first loss in years—took a lot out of the man." "I know. I can only imagine why he was so distraught." After that case, Dr. Abernathy took a leave of absence—his first in almost ten years as head obstetrician at Panem Hospital. "Anyway, not only does Mr. Mellark have to deal with losing his wife—his daughter has been here for nearly two months for that infection in her lungs," Madge informed her. "Dr. Mason has taken on her case." "Well, if anyone can help his baby—it will be Johanna," Katniss told her as she closed the chart. "Nurse Everdeen, in the hospital—I am Dr. Mason." Katniss turned to see her best friend standing before her, lips pursed in mock-seriousness. "When we're hanging out and you're buying lunch—then I'm Johanna." Katniss suppressed her smile. "Sorry, Doctor." Johanna turned to Madge, her eyes stern. "Also, Nurse Undersee, I suggest that you stop gossiping about our patients' fathers." Madge bowed her head shamefully. "Sorry, ma'am." "Do you have your charts ready?" Johanna asked her friend and Katniss nodded. "I'll be in the nursery in a few minutes. Why don't you go inside and meet the families?" "How's Joy doing?" Peeta looked up tiredly at Finnick, another father in the NICU nursery, and gave him a smile. "I think she has a little more color," he replied as he looked back at the little bundle that was his daughter inside her incubator. She was wrapped in the soft yellow blanket his wife had made for her. On her head was a small white cap—also made by Joy. "How is Lennox doing?" Finnick looked over at the identical enclosed crib where his son lay. In a rocking chair beside it was a sleeping Annie — Finnick's wife—her head craned to her left as she snoozed. "He's breathing on his own now," Finnick informed his friend. "And Joy?" "I think Dr. Mason is going to talk to me about that today," Peeta responded. The door to the nursery opened and a dark-haired nurse sporting a long braid entered the room. She went to Beetee and Wiress, whose daughter, Cadence, was another resident of their little nursery. "It looks like we have some new meat in the NICU," Finnick joked quietly. His friend chuckled at his antics. Finnick and Annie liked to mess with some of the nurses—it helped to ease the tension that all the parents felt. "I'd better wake up the wifey." Peeta's eyes went back to Joy, her little pink lips hiding behind her respirator. She had his wife's lips, full and cotton-candy pink. He remembered fondly that his wife's kisses had even tasted like cotton-candy. "Mr. Mellark?" He looked up to see the pretty nurse in front of him. "I'm Katniss Everdeen. I'm going to be Joy's nurse this evening. How is she doing?" The grey eyes he saw looked familiar...a long-ago feeling of warmth filled him as he gazed at her. He suddenly realized that he had spent a long minute staring up at the nurse. Shaking himself out of his trance, Peeta replied quickly, "Uh…I think she has a little color." Katniss nodded and leaned down to look at his daughter. "She's been asleep since I got here." "She's lovely," Katniss breathed, her eyes beaming at the little one in front of her. "Definitely going to be a beauty—you're going to have your hands full when she is a teenager." The two laughed softly at her remark. "Would you mind?" Her eyes went over to the arm inserts on the side of Joy's encased crib as she sat in the free chair next to him. "Some parents don't feel comfortable when anyone that isn't the doctor holds their baby." "No, go ahead," he told her. Peeta watched the nurse reach into the arm inserts, her gloved hands reaching under his little girl to lift her gently. "Hello, Joy," the nurse said in a quiet, calm voice. "My name is Katniss and I'm going to be your nurse until you get out of here. You are very pretty. Don't tell anyone, but I think you're the prettiest baby in this whole hospital; the prettiest I've ever seen." Peeta let out a gruff laugh. "You playing favorites? That isn't very professional." Katniss met his eyes as she held the infant, and he felt a sense of familiarity come over him. "Here in the NICU, I like to think that professionalism takes a backseat to care sometimes—but don't tell anyone." She looked over at Joy and her lips broke into a grin. "Oh, look—she's awake." Peeta turned to see her blue eyes staring at him; his eyes. His wife's eyes were hazel with glints of gold. He felt his eyes water. "She's never woken up when I was here—until now." Katniss' eyes went to his hunched figure. "Really? Not once?" Peeta shook his head, his eyes ashamed. "Have you ever held her?" "No." It came out chokingly. "I've never really been taught how to. It doesn't matter, anyway. I would be too rough on her." Slowly, Katniss placed the baby back down on the soft cushion bedding of her crib. Pulling her hands out, she reached for Peeta's and slowly brought them to the openings. "I—I can't!" He looked at the nurse, his blue eyes panicked as he took his hands from the holes. "What if I hurt her? She's all I have!" Katniss shook her head and he could see her bite her lip, her own dark eyes suddenly pained. "You're her father—you would never hurt her," she assured him. "Let me help you." Placing his hands back into the inserts, she gave him a gentle nod. "Now, go ahead and put your hands in with your palms up." Peeta followed her instructions and Katniss smiled at his nervousness. "You're doing great. Now, gently slide your hands under her—one under her neck and the other under her rump." Katniss watched as he carefully slid his hands under the appropriate spots and he gently lifted Joy. "Oh God, she's so light!" Peeta said softly and his eyes filled with tears. He was holding the sun in his hands and it felt exhilarating. Peeta saw Joy's eyes open and he could swear that he saw a wisp of a smile on her pink lips. "Daddy's here," he told Joy, his lips curved in a trembling, yet happy smile. "I'm sorry it took so long for me to find my way to you. You'll learn that sometimes people need help, even when they don't realize it." Peeta looked over at the nurse. "Thank you." "Of course," Katniss replied and patted his shoulder. "I'll leave you two to talk." "I remember you," Peeta suddenly said. "You were there—that morning." He saw her bite her lip again before nodding. "I didn't think you would remember." His haunted eyes looked into hers. "How could I forget the best day and the worst day of my life?" Three Weeks Later " Oh please, say to me You'll let me be your man And please, say to me You'll let me hold your hand…" Katniss approached Peeta slowly as he held Joy though the arm inserts and sang to her softly. The infant had her respirator removed only a few days ago and she seemed to be responding well. She had even begun to gain some weight on her tiny, premature frame. Katniss believed that Joy's improvement had a lot to do with Peeta's continued interaction since that first time he held her. "What a lucky girl you are, Joy," Katniss said as she sat next to Peeta and looked at the infant. "Only three months old and you're already being serenaded." Peeta's cheeks reddened at her words. "We danced to this song at our wedding. I thought that Joy would like to hear me and her Mama's song." "That's good," the nurse informed him. "Keep communicating with her." She looked around the room, spotting the empty incubator across from Joy's. Finnick