Happy almost-Valentine's Day! I thought that I'd post this little story as my present for all of you. Enjoy! The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. What Makes The World Go Round? Part One " I can think of younger days when to live for my life was everything a man could want to do I could never see tomorrow I was never told about the sorrow…" Katniss Everdeen entered the room, smiling at the boy in the hospital bed. "A little maudlin today, aren't we?" Peeta Mellark grinned at her, his pale skin coloring at her question. "Well, you shouldn't have given me this record player," he retorted. "Plus, this is soul music. What were you expecting?" "You are the weirdest twelve-year-old I've ever met." Her hands went to wrap the cuff connected to the rolling blood pressure monitor around his long arm. She put on the earpieces of her stethoscope, then placed the chest piece to his chest. "Deep breath, handsome." She listened, relieved to hear no liquid in his lungs. Last year, a little after she graduated and signed her job offer at Panem Hospital, Peeta had come down with a nasty bout of pneumonia. However, he was stronger then and recovered, to everyone's relief. "I don't think it's legal for nurses to make passes on their patients," Peeta said, a smirk on his colorless lips. "I like you though. So, I'll allow it." "Oh you!" She chuckled as she removed the stethoscope and recorded his strong heartbeat in the chart hanging at the end of his bed. "You'll rue the day that you messed with me! I'm already two wins over you in Monopoly." The boy gave her a mock-glare. "That's because you steal the Top Hat which you know is my lucky piece!" "Fine," Katniss told him as she felt his pulse and then made note of his pallor. It looked much better despite the round of chemotherapy that he went through the previous week. "During my lunch, we're going to settle it once and for all. You want a popsicle?" "Cherry, please," Peeta requested, his blue eyes gazing at her in admiration. "You know you're my favorite nurse, right? My braided Katniss." Jokingly, he tugged at her usual side braid that she wore during her shifts. She ruffled that bit of light hair growing back on his head. "Well, you might not be saying that after I beat you at Monopoly again." Sitting back, the young boy closed his eyes. "I'll see you after my nap." Katniss looked to the orange Crosley record player in the corner of the room. "Do you want me to keep this on?" "Yeah. Nothing like Al Green to sing you into a nap," he responded. "I'll see you at lunch," she said softly. Peeta was already half-asleep. "Get ready to eat my dust, Katniss." Katniss laughed, turning off the light above his bed. "Always, dear Peeta." " How can you stop the rain from falling down? How can you stop that old sun from shining? What makes the world go round?" "So how's Prim?" Peeta asked as he moved the Top Hat piece along the game board. "Still panicking about being in a dorm?" "I get her pain," Katniss replied as she threw the dice on the board. "Dorm mattresses are disgusting. My parents can't afford to get a new one, but I'm saving up and will probably get her one during Spring Break." "You're a good sister," he remarked. "Makes me wonder if I'll be a good big brother." "You'll be great," she assured him. "The first year is just the kid learning how to walk and stuff. All you have to do is pick her up when she's crying and change her when she's wet. Your Mom will take care of the feeding." "If I'm here in a year," Peeta muttered, taking $200 from the fake bank till. "Hey." He looked up to meet Katniss' firm eyes. "I won't have you talking like that. You're going to find a donor." "Fine, fine…" Peeta responded, though unconvincingly. "Your turn." She rolled the dice before landing on Reading Railroad. "You owe me a $100." Katniss snorted but obliged him, giving him the fake bill. "How's your love life?" "Non-existent," Katniss informed him. "I'm not really in need of a boyfriend. I'm too busy making sure you're not cheating at Monopoly and running this floor." She looked to him curiously. "What's it to you? You know any hot, millionaire patients that are looking for a cranky nurse?" "You're not cranky…you're touchy." Peeta tried to keep the smile from his lips. "I think you're nice. So why wouldn't a dateable guy think so, too?" "You're sweet, kid." Her eyes watched as the Top Hat landed on her hotel-lined Baltic Avenue. "It's over! Pay up!" Peeta grimaced but gave her the last of his money as she danced around his bed and threw some of the fake money in the air. "You are a very humble winner—" Katniss twirled just as the nosebleed happened. Quickly, she took a towel from his side table and placed it to his nose. "Put pressure on it," she instructed gently. The nosebleeds happened regularly when there was an influx in his blood pressure or a change in environment. Sometimes, they happened for no reason at all. Peeta's clotting ability was not at its best—especially with his treatments—so she was always prepared for this. However, Katniss hated it each time. "Let me see." She lifted the towel slightly and, to her relief, saw that the bleeding had slowed. "It's calming down, but I want you to keep putting pressure on it." Breathing out slowly, Katniss gave him a smile. "You take losing very badly." Peeta let out a muffled laugh. "You're not dating anyone and it's kind of sad, so I threw you a bone!" Cleaning up the game board from his bed and picking up the scattered money on the floor, Katniss distracted herself from the underlying concern of Peeta's condition. Both of his parents were non-viable donors and neither was the baby in Mrs. Mellark's stomach, an attempt to get their son a marrow donor. They were all just waiting. She didn't tell anyone else, but she recently got tested only to find out that she too was not a match. Peeta was her youngest patient in the ward and it broke her heart to see him lying there. He should be outside, playing with his friends and getting his first kiss. He wasn't supposed to be in a hospital bed, pressing a rough towel to his fragile nose. "Katniss?" She looked up from the floor to see Peeta staring down at her. "You've been there for a while." Recovering, Katniss grinned up at the boy. "Just contemplating my lack of a love life." "I think that he's out there," Peeta consoled good-naturedly. "You'll know right away, too. Like, music will be playing and he'll just...be there." "You have great faith in love," she responded as she straightened herself. "Do you need any water?" Peeta nodded, sitting back against his pillow. "I'm going to grab a bottled water for you and let one of the other nurses know that I'll be watching over you a little longer," Katniss told him. "Sit tight, okay?" "Can we put something on?" Peeta asked weakly. Nodding, she went to the record player and turned it on before placing the needle on the edge of the record. The tired boy smiled from behind the towel. "Good ol' Al Green." "His songs always remind me of what love should be like," she remarked before stepping out of the door. In the hallway, Katniss pressed her back to the wall and took in a slow breath as she pushed back her tears. This was her job. She couldn't bring her emotions into it. It was what Katniss told herself every time she crossed the line. "White blood cells are...sufficient," Dr. Abernathy said to the couple across from him. Next to him, Effie Trinket—the head nurse—recorded his words. The doctor sighed as he looked at the lab workup for Peeta. Katniss, who sat in-between the medical staff and the Mellarks, had ordered it after Peeta's last nosebleed just two days ago. "The fact that his recent nosebleed clotted a little quicker than usual is a good sign that the infusions are working," Katniss told the couple. "And, he's in good spirits." "Peeta has always been a happy boy," Sophie, Peeta's mother, replied. Tears filmed her large blue eyes and her hands moved along the large belly. "It's his best quality." "What else can we do?" Robert, Peeta's father, asked. He was a tall, burly sort of man with a thick dirty-golden beard. Behind Robert's beard, Katniss could see what Peeta would look like if—no, when he got better. She just had to keep believing that. "I'm kept on high-alert with the donor registry," Effie informed them kindly. "I also make bi-weekly calls to get a list of new marrow donors. Trust that we want nothing but to make sure that Peeta finds a viable donor." "We are also making sure that Peeta goes to the best facility when a donor is found," Dr. Abernathy assured them. "There is a great hospital in the East Coast that is very successful in marrow transfer. I wish we were able to perform the procedure here, but Panem Hospital is a very small place." "You've done great," Sophie said to the three. "He is in good hands and loves all of you." The woman looked to Katniss. "In fact, Peeta asked me to send his mattress to your sister. It was new and well—" She gathered herself before continuing. "He's not getting any use out of it. It's just gathering dust in his room." "I couldn't," Katniss said to her. "It's really great of him to offer, but it isn't app—" Robert shook his head and smiled. "Our boy was insistent. He said that you've been working double-shifts to get one. So just tell your sister to expect it and give us her address. We're not taking no for an answer." Katniss took a deep breath, quelling her tears before nodding. "I'll tell Prim." She looked to Dr. Abernathy and Effie, who gave her a gentle squeeze on her shoulder. The two were like her surrogate parents at this point. Effie had been the person who taught her everything she knew and Dr. Abernathy—or Haymitch—had pushed for her to be offered a position here at the hospital. "I know that you have to head off to work, Robert," Haymitch said as he stood up. He looked over at Sophie and smiled. "Keep yourself stress-free, Sophie. You're getting to the end of your pregnancy." The woman nodded before they exited the conference room and headed out to Peeta's room. Delly Cartwright, who was one of the other nurses, stepped out of his room as if on cue and caught Katniss' eye. She rushed over quickly with a concerned look. "I just checked on Peeta and he has a fever," Delly informed her. Katniss could hear Sophie's cry and turned immediately to the woman, her hands going to her shoulders. "Mrs. Mellark," she started calmly. "It's happened before and I'll be there for him. But because I don't want you to be compromised, especially with the baby, you can't go into the room." Katniss looked to Mr. Mellark. "Delly can take you inside, but I'll need you to wear a mask." Katniss looked to Peeta's mother once more. "I promise I'll keep you updated," she assured her. "I'll call you in a few hours to update you, once I make sure he is stable." "Alright," came the soft response. Effie immediately went to them, her arms going around the woman's shoulders. "Why don't you come with me? We'll wait for Robert in the lounge." The two walked off, Peeta's mother with her head