Thanks for everyone's support for Good Enough. Without your love, this sequel wouldn't be happening. The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Trigger warning: mentions of child abuse, pedophilia, rape, and child abduction Will my weakness for an hour make me suffer for a lifetime? Is there any way to be made whole again? -Stacie Orrico "Strong Enough" Strong Enough Prim quickly walks in, her blue eyes anxiously looking around our entryway. Peeta sets Lila down, rushing over to help my younger sister out of her thick coat, as I stand in place holding Owen in my arms. My daughter skips over to me, hugging my leg as her round cheek presses to the outside of my thigh. "Let me hang that for you," Peeta tells her. We don't have many guests in our home—Owen and Haymitch are usually our only two visitors, so my husband tries to make up for my lack of hosting skills. "It's freezing out there, isn't it?" "Yes," Prim says shyly, her gaze wandering around our humble home, taking in the framed photos on the cream walls and the round table in the center holding the tiny Christmas tree that Lila insisted we get. "My name is Prim, by the way." She turns to Peeta, holding out her hand. "Your sister-in-law…I guess." Peeta looks down at her hand for a moment before his mouth widens and he instantly pulls Prim into a strong hug. "I'm Peeta, your brother, and it's great to finally meet you." I don't understand why I can't be like Peeta, who is a constant cock-eyed optimist. I feel like I died in that attic, reborn into this bitter, surly person who is always watching and worrying—waiting for the other shoe to drop. Prim pulls away awkwardly, her smile tight. "Thanks…Peeta." She looks to me, her gaze apprehensive. It's like she can read me, knowing that deep down I am urging her to go back to where she came from so I can bury the past under the remnants of the old Victorian that was our sanctuary and our prison. "You have a really nice home." "Thanks," I find myself replying in a strained voice. Looking down at Lila, I feel my whole body relax in our daughter's sweet, innocent stare. "Show your Aunt Prim the living room, Lila. Daddy and I will come out after we can get something for everyone to drink and snack on." Lila nods solemnly before looking to Prim. She walks slowly over, her hand out in offering to my sister. "Aunt Pim?" Prim takes Lila's hand gently, giving her a bright smile. "Yes, that's me. Lila, right?" Our daughter nods, pulling her Aunt towards the direction of our living room, littered with tinsel from our freshly dressed tree. "Lila Grace Mellark!" She bounces in her movements, an excited, open smile on her pink lips. "Momma and Daddy named me after Uncle Owen's mommy, too!" Prim looks back at us, offering a friendly nod, before Lila drags her away. I finally let out the breath that I've been holding in. Peeta rounds my body, pulling me close from behind so that I can rest back against his chest. Every other day, my husband rescues me from that deep, dark place that I can't seem to climb out of on my own. Though I am often afraid that, in time, even he won't be able to save me. "You're scared." His lips find their way to my temple and my body hums in delight. "She's just a girl." Slowly I turn to him, feeling the tremble of my lips, as my arms cradle our sleeping son against my pounding heart. "And, an attic is just an attic, Peeta," I respond in quiet bitterness, not bothering to wipe away my tears. Let Peeta see my fear because deep down I know he holds the same doubts and worries. "Prim is just the beginning." Reaching forward, Peeta pulls me close, our son nestled safely between us. "We're going to be okay," he whispers tenderly. "You…me…Lila…Owen—we're in this together." I pull away just enough to look into those blue eyes that were my salvation in our little attic home. "Together?" Peeta kisses me, his mouth coaxing me into that languid state of bliss, and reminding me just how we got our two children. He pulls away, pressing a kiss to my forehead, and gives me that assuring smile that makes me feel like we can conquer anything—we have before. "Always." "How long have you been living here?" Prim asks as we sit across from one another on the worn couch of our living room. She holds Owen in one arm while holding her mug of hot chocolate in her opposite hand. "Since a little before Lila was born," I reply, my eyes trained cautiously on her. On the opposite side of the living room, Lila and Peeta rummage through the old Christmas records that we found in a local thrift shop during our morning walk. Our daughter is planning to perform in the Christmas pageant at her Pre-K school but has yet to find the perfect song. Fortunately, Owen was a music major so Lila plans to present her top three choices to her Uncle and her Godfather, Haymitch, when they arrive. "Katniss?" I snap out of my reverie to see Prim looking at me curiously. "Can you tell me what happened? I mean, not all of it…you probably don't remember it all…it's just that—Mom—she hasn't been the same since you disappeared." "I haven't been the same since that day," I snap, my anger flaring. "And for your information, I remember all of it—every horrible thing that was done to me." "What?" Prim's eyes fill with tears. She looks quickly to my husband and daughter before meeting my eyes once more. "I don't understand—" "Now is not the time," I say hurriedly. Prim sniffles and I feel a tinge of regret over my behavior. Peeta is right; she is only a girl who wants to know the sister that was taken away from her. Quickly, I move closer to her. "Listen, I don't mean to be so callous and I promise I will tell you." My gaze goes to Owen whose eyes are opening, revealing those deep, thoughtful greys to me and Prim. "Just wait until the children are in bed. It is a long story that Peeta and I hate to talk about." Prim nods after a moment. "Okay." Owen shuffles in her arms and she coos at him. My sister gives me a warm smile. "You have a beautiful family, Katniss." I find myself smiling back. "I love them with all my heart and I'll do anything to protect them." "I know," she replies. The doorbell rings and Lila squeals running towards the entryway. "Lila, wait!" Peeta scrambles up before our daughter can open the door, winking at me before rushing to the entryway. I shake my head in exasperation; we have been trying to instill that Lila needs to be careful when it comes to strangers. Like Peeta, she can be overly trusting. Our daughter still believes that there are no bad people in the world. We know better. "Do not open the door—" "Uncle Owen!" "We're really trying to teach her to be a little more cautious," I tell Prim. "Though I do love that fire about her." "She gets that from you," my sister replies. "I was young, but I remember that you always had a spark about you." We grin at one another and I begin to feel that bit of hope that maybe we can find our way to one another in the end. "Look what Lila found!" Peeta calls out as he enters the living room. "A watered down version of myself!" My husband walks to my side, putting an arm around my shoulders. "Can we keep him?" "Very funny, Peeta." Owen walks into the living room in his navy bomber jacket and Lila in his arms. "Don't you mean the much taller, charismatic version of yourself—" He stops halfway when he spies Prim next to me, his eyes widening at my pretty, golden sister. Slowly, Owen places Lila back on the floor. "I didn't know you were having company over." He quickly removes the black beanie off his head, revealing an ashen hue of Peeta's golden locks. I turn to Prim seeing her cheeks a bright pink, almost similar to the color of her lips. "Owen, this is Prim, my younger sister," I begin as he leans over to give me a quick kiss on the cheek. Then I take my son from Prim's stilled arms and look to her. "Prim, this is Owen—our friend and Owen's namesake, of course." They stare at one another, enchantment in their eyes, and I look to Peeta, who gives me a dramatic eye roll. I elbow him, a laugh threatening to escape my lips. This is just like those old movies we used to watch on Channel 4—the ones where the sappy violins play as the couple first sets eyes on one another. Owen holds his hand out. "Owen Mellark, it's nice to meet you." She looks between Peeta and Owen curiously before shaking his hand. "You're not related?" "No, I chose the last name Mellark," Peeta explains to Prim. "Owen is an actual Mellark." "Well, you two look alike," Prim remarks. "More than Katniss and I do." She looks to Owen, a brightness in her pretty blues. "Primrose Everdeen or just Prim." I stiffen against Peeta. Everdeen . This is the first time that I've heard my real last name. "Uncle Owen!" Lila stomps her foot, unhappy to be left out of the conversation. "Help me pick my song!" Then she looks to Prim. "Aunt Pim, you too—since Uncle Owen won't stop making Daddy-Mommy eyes at you!" "What are 'Daddy-Mommy eyes'?" Prim asks as our daughter takes her hand. "It's how Mommy and Daddy look at one another before making kisses," Lila explains as if everyone should know. "Then they hug each other for a long time and that's how we got Baby Owen." Owen examines Peeta and me, laughter in his eyes, before taking Lila's free hand. "Tell us more about these 'Daddy-Mommy eyes'!" "Keep it clean," Peeta warns our friend. "Of course," Owen replies easily before letting Lila lead him and Prim away to where her music choices are stacked. Peeta turns, pressing a quick kiss to the side of my neck, and I let out a thick gasp at the motion, feeling that unbearable heat of his knowing touch. Even now, he knows every nuance of my body, both of us having took the time to explore what made one another feel good—whenever we had the freedom. We had very little chances to be free, but when we did, we took advantage. "My last name was Everdeen," I whisper to him, trying to keep my tears at bay. Peeta looks to me sadly, his hand busily going to adjust Owen's bundling. In all the hub-bub, our son has fallen back asleep, his easy countenance inherited from his father. "You're technically still an Everdeen," he responds in a quiet, pained voice. "No." My free hand goes to the nape of his neck and I draw him close to press a deep kiss to his rough mouth, tasting the remnants of hot chocolate. I want him to feel every inch of the love I hold for him. When we were just a boy and a girl in an attic, we were taught that we were nothing but brother and sister; that we were only meant to love one another in only one way. I love Peeta in every which way possible. "I am Katniss Mellark," I say as we draw apart, our lips still dancing off one another and so close that we are connected by strings of saliva from our full kiss. "I am yours—always." "Good." Peeta