The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Fated to Love Part One Katniss Everdeen was a Post-It girl. And by being a Post-It girl, it meant that the people in her office stuck menial tasks, requests from their own supervisors, and other "as-needed" duties on her like she was a walking bulletin board. Yes, she often felt bad for being ignored. Half the people in the office didn't even know her name and often referred to her as "that braid girl with glasses". Her own boss, Seneca, called her Kathy and though she had been in the office for a year, she still didn't feel right about correcting him. "Katniss." She looked to see her friend and co-worker, Delly Cartwright, sitting at her desk. "Did you hear? Human Resources is having a raffle for a free trip to District 4. If you win, you and a guest get a weekend stay at the Odair Resort and Spa!" Katniss smiled, her round glasses sliding down slightly at the motion. "Why would I bother entering? I have no one to go with." "Well, I entered both of us so you'll have to figure that out if you win," Delly responded cheekily. If Delly won, she would likely find someone to accompany her. With her golden hair, voluptuous figure, and outgoing attitude, her friend would have no problem finding someone to go with. Katniss was another story. "KATHY!" She jumped at her boss' bark and turned quickly to see him behind her. "I need you to take the train down to the Capitol and pick up the gift basket that we're sending to the Mellark Corporation." Seneca handed her a post-it with the address and she saw that it was a store in the large mall located in the center of the Capitol. "Don't dawdle. You'll have to go to the courier and have them send it out ASAP. Then grab me a latte before my afternoon meeting." Katniss nodded and her boss quickly disappeared back into his office at the end of the hallway. "And by the way, my name is Katniss," Delly suddenly called out before looking to her friend. "Seriously, you need to school that man." Sighing, Katniss stood up and grabbed her purse before heading out to complete her new errand. Peeta Mellark was in love. Her name was Madge Undersee. They had been together since high school and were the quintessential perfect couple: young, successful, and good-looking. At 25, Peeta was now the youngest CEO of the Mellark Corporation, a series of companies that had flourished from his father's popular chain of bakeries. Besides the bakery chain, they now owned a publishing company, and just recently gained shares of a new phone application company located in District 12. Madge wanted to be a prima ballerina and was quickly climbing the ladder of her company in London to become their primary dancer. She had studied in Paris under Madame Alma Coin, one of the toughest ballet instructors still working in the dance world, prior to joining her current company. Her real goal was the New York Ballet. Peeta knew that she would get there. She was perfect—soft blonde hair, lithe figure, and angelic cornflower-blue eyes. Madge could play any part from Juliet to Giselle. Her skills were top notch and he was going to be there when she made prima ballerina. Hopefully as her husband. "Sir?" Peeta snapped out of his reverie to see the saleswoman holding out the ring that he had the jewelry store custom-make for his fiancée. "What do you think?" Taking the ring out of the box, Peeta examined the smooth white-gold band and elegant setting of the princess-cut diamond before nodding briefly. He looked around to make sure that no one outside of the shop was peering in. A picture of CEO Peeta Mellark purchasing an engagement ring would fetch a good price with the paparazzi. It was the only reason that he picked out this hidden jewelry shop in the Capitol Mall—no one would suspect that he would actually go to a place like this. "It's perfect," Peeta responded before handing the woman his credit card. "I'll take it." "Shit," Katniss hissed as she held the heavy basket in front of her. "Twenty pounds of fresh fruit? No one is going to eat this." She could barely see in front of her as she walked through the crowded mall. Seneca hadn't even bothered to give her money to pay for a taxi so Katniss had to walk the obscenely large basket over to the courier office. As Katniss continued her inner tirade about her stupid, barbell-mustached boss, she didn't realize that she was walking right into the blond-haired man preoccupied with the open jewelry box in his palm. The collision seemed to happen in slow motion. And, somewhere in-between the rain of grapes, tangerines, and bananas—Peeta lost the ring. Peeta fell to his knees in search of it, hastily looking up at the girl as she arranged her large glasses back on her tiny face. "YOU IDIOT!" "I'm sorry!" Katniss cried out as she struggled to toss the smashed fruit back into the basket. "What did you lose?" "My fiancée's engagement ring!" He examined the ground around him, tossing aside the scattered fruit in his way and ignoring the outcries of the shoppers being hit with the flying produce. "Do you know how much that ring cost?" "Not really," Katniss responded as she began to crawl on the floor to clean up the mess. "I really am sorry—" "I don't need you to be sorry!" Peeta continued to look around the cheaply-tiled floor of the mall. He could only imagine what someone would do with a near-million dollar ring. "I need you—" He stopped mid-sentence at the sight of her eyes. They were the most amazing shade of grey that he had ever seen, a combination of smoke and steel hidden behind enormously unattractive glasses. "What?" Katniss blurted out as the man in the navy suit gaped at her. Her eyes went to over his shoulder where she spotted a shiny piece under a mall bench. "THERE!" Jumping to her feet, she ran and dove under the bench to grab the ring which slipped onto her finger easily. "GOT IT!" Katniss turned to the man and held it out triumphantly. "What the hell are you doing?" Peeta went to her and wrapped his hand around her wrist. "Don't you know that it's bad luck for someone else besides your fiancée to wear the ring?" Plucking the ring from her finger, he glared at the young woman. "Good luck with the fruit." Turning around, Peeta rushed down the mall corridor leaving Katniss to pick up the remaining contents of the basket. Two Weeks Later… "The response to the raffle has been overwhelming and I'm so happy to announce the winner of the two-day stay at the Odair Resort and Spa," Effie Trinket, Human Resources Assistant, called out to the gathered crowd. Katniss continued entering the numbers that Seneca wanted for his Finance meeting. She had worked through lunch since he needed her to gather the information from their company portal and the process had been majorly bogged down when her computer crashed. Her stomach growled and her vision blurred as she looked over at the crowd of people waiting in anticipation for the winner to be called. She never won these things. Effie ruffled through the bowl in front of her before pulling out a folded piece of paper. Unfolding the piece, she cleared her throat before calling out in a clear, loud voice: "Katniss Everdeen." Several people looked around at one another in question. "I don't think there's anyone with that name working here," someone told the woman holding the paper. "WAIT!" Delly, who had just emerged from the restroom, shouted. Katniss felt someone grab at her arm to stand her up and she looked to her co-worker in confusion. "What?" Delly rolled her eyes. "You won!" "Won?" Katniss looked over to the crowd who was now staring at her. Effie emerged from the sea of people to stand in front of her. "Congratulations." She handed Katniss the manila envelope. "Inside are your plane tickets and your hotel reservation for this weekend. You get Monday off with pay to recover." The woman shook Katniss' limp hand. "Have fun." "T-Thank you," Katniss told her before turning to Delly, her eyes wide in amazement. "I won…" Delly placed her hands on Katniss' shoulders, her smile bright in excitement. "You won! Now who are you going to take?" Damn. She didn't think of that. District 4-Odair Resort and Spa Suite 169 "Sir? Where would you like me to put the flowers?" Peeta turned to the concierge waiting at the doorway to his suite. "Over by the window." The bronze-haired man gave him a smile before walking to the large window and placing it in the middle. The lilacs—Madge's favorite flower—shone in the sunlight from the windows. "Thank you…" "Finnick," the man responded with a bright smile. "Finnick Odair." Peeta grinned at the man. "Your family has you working the field, too?" "Yes, sir," Finnick told him. "Saving up for my wedding." Peeta nodded at the man in respect. They shared an interesting commonality—both were heirs made to work their way up. "I hear that we'll be celebrating your engagement as well." "Madge should be arriving this evening," he informed Finnick. "I'd like to have a car sent for her as soon as she's at the airport." Finnick nodded. "I'll arrange it, sir." Shaking the man's hand, Peeta slipped a generous tip in the man's palm. "I appreciate it." Peeta felt his pocket vibrate and reached into his pants pocket to see Madge's pretty face on his phone screen. "Speaking of fiancées—" Finnick quickly exited the room, closing the door behind him to give Peeta his privacy. Peeta answered quickly, "Hey sweetheart." "Hey Peeta," Madge's light, sweet voice greeted him. "Are you at the airport already?" He looked at his watch. "I wasn't expecting you for two more hours." "No…I'm not there," Madge replied in a shaky voice. He sat down at the table looking at the lilacs resting in the long vase. "Where are you?" "New York." Peeta's spine stiffened at her words. "I'm not coming." District 4-Odair Resort and Spa Suite 166 "Get a move on, Katniss!" Marvel called out from the sitting room of their suite. "I want to get down to the pool!" Katniss looked at herself in the bathroom mirror as she removed her sunglasses. Her eyes were bloodshot and her nose was cherry red. She didn't realize that the woozy feeling that she was having at work was from an oncoming cold. "Go ahead without me!" she shouted. "I'm just going to take a nap and I'll meet you for dinner!" "Your loss!" There was a slam of the door and Katniss let out a sigh of relief. She had gone out with Marvel a couple of times before and they always had a good time. It seemed however that spending more than two hours with him was all she could take. After that, his childishness and lack of tact started to grate on her nerves. After a few minutes, Katniss stepped out of the bathroom and looked around the suite. It was lovely with a large window overlooking the beautiful District 4 beaches below and the sweet scent of sun somehow seeping into her room. However, her exhaustion dampened her spirits and she laid down in the luxury bed to fall into a peaceful sleep. "Sir, would you like another?" the bartender asked. Peeta nodded blearily. "Please." There was a shuffle and he turned to find Finnick joining him at the resort bar. "How are you doing, sir?" "Peeta, please," he told Finnick as the bartender handed him another glass of vodka. "She got her wish." Finnick turned to listen so he continued. "Madge was