The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. The Session Session #1 She showed up in the late afternoon, a bag of Lays Potato Chips in one hand and a Mexican Coke in the other. Peeta had just finished up with his last scheduled client, Haymitch, a man whose alcoholism had led to the loss of his house and the deterioration of his marriage. He had quite a way to go but Haymitch wasn't the first person that Peeta dealt with that had that sort of addiction and he wouldn't be the last. "The office is closed," Peeta told the girl as she stood in his doorway. The woman wrapped her thick, fur coat around herself. "The court sent me." She walked over, her gait graceful even in the thin heels of her knee-high boots. "I'm Katniss Everdeen." Reaching into the pocket of her coat, she held out a piece of paper to him. Peeta looked at the court summons, his name was on it. Going through the appointment book that his secretary Delly kept on her desk, he looked for Katniss' name before once again meeting her eyes. "You were supposed to come this morning," he told her sternly. "I have a busy schedule, Miss Everdeen and I'm not willing to help you if you can't respect our time—" "Please!" Katniss placed her hand on his, pulling back quickly as if his skin burned. "I need to do this. I need to get help." Her eyes were full of desperation, tears making her grey eyes shine even in the dimness of the waiting room. "I didn't come this morning…because the urge. It happened again." He could see that she was suffering. Her hands were trembling and even now, Peeta could see the sheen of sweat on her forehead. Katniss toyed with her long, dark braid, her movements nervous as he examined her. Sighing, Peeta went to the door of his office. Looking at the troubled woman, he extended his hand to the now-open door. "Come in." Katniss removed her coat and he was surprised to see her clothing in such shambles. The camel-colored sweater she wore was practically falling apart as it hung off her tired frame. The boots she wore were also on the brink of disrepair. He nodded toward the couch in front of his chair. "Sit." Katniss grinned at his directness. "Bossy. I like it." Her face fell seeing the frown on his face and she sat down quickly. "I'm sorry. I can't turn it off sometimes." "That's why you're here," Peeta responded bluntly. "You were arrested, Katniss." "I know," she retorted. "The night in jail wasn't pleasant." "What exactly do you want to get out of this?" he asked her as he sat down in the chair across from her. Katniss looked around the small office for a moment. It was plain with beige walls and white borders. There were no photographs, only his doctorate on his display next to the lone bookshelf. The room was desolate—just like her. "I don't want to be alone," she responded after a moment. "Because of this, I can't have a stable relationship. I'm isolated from friends and family. Since I hit puberty, there has been this urge every waking moment of my life." She wrapped her arms around herself. "I was arrested for attempted prostitution." Peeta met her eyes. "And, you weren't attempting?" "No, it was just a misunderstanding." She shook her head. "There was someone that used to help me with this problem." "What happened to him?" he asked curiously. Katniss was the first case of sexual dysfunction that he had ever been given. At twenty-five, Peeta had started his practice taking cases ranging from anxiety to PTSD. Five years in, his clientele had an even more varying array of social issues. Business was at an all-time high, especially since he started taking on cases referred by the state. He thought that he had seen it all. "What tends to happen to everyone eventually," Katniss said. "He fell in love and wanted more. Gale was my best friend and though I didn't love him that way, I would've said yes. But, I just don't have it in me to be monogamous. I'd get the urge and I'd find myself at some party or bar looking elsewhere for it. I couldn't do that to him. Eventually, he married a beautiful, sweet girl and now they have a son." Peeta felt a pang of sympathy for her. Normalcy was what every client of his wanted. Why should Katniss be any different? He saw tears building up in her smoky eyes and Peeta grabbed a box of tissues to place it on the coffee table between them. He waited for her to wipe her eyes before continuing, "So then what?" "There were others—I met them at clubs or dive bars," she explained. "I tried to tell myself that each time was the last time. But then, it would come back. That ache…that hunger…and I was back at square one." Katniss opened the bag of chips she brought and began to eat frantically. "Then, it happened." Peeta watched her finish off the bag before twisting off the cap of the Coke bottle. "What happened?" Katniss sat back, her hand going to her stomach. He could see it then—the tell-tale bulge. "What am I going to do about this?" Katniss looked down at the small bump and Peeta heard the tight pain in her voice. "How am I going to tell my child that I don't know who their father is?" She took in a sharp breath and met his eyes. "Because there were just too many." Session #2 "Tell me about your early life," Peeta requested. This week, Katniss had been on time. She was less amped as he noted to himself mentally. Meetings once a week were his usual basis to start and it gave him enough time to make an assessment. Then as time went on, he could make a judgment call as to whether or not more time would be necessary. "I know what you're thinking," Katniss said. She wore a loose, black t-shirt dress and burgundy stockings as well as the same thin boots from their last session. "That I had a fucked-up childhood. Father gone, mother abusive…am I right?" "I'm not here to judge," he told her. "I just want you to talk to me." "I'm starving," she responded instead. "Do you have anything to eat?" "I don't usually bring food to the office." Peeta got up from his chair. "I can ask Delly—" "Can we just go somewhere and get something to eat?" she countered. "It doesn't matter where we talk as long as I'm talking, right?" "It's unprofessional," he responded. "You're my therapist or whatever." Katniss put a hand to her stomach. "Aren't you supposed to make sure that I'm taken care of?" It wasn't his usual method of doing things but Peeta could see that despite the swollen stomach, his client was a waif. So after a moment, he nodded in agreement. "There's a diner about a block away," he told her. "Breakfast. Then, we talk." Katniss stood up, grabbed her tote bag and pulled out a knit cap to place atop her wavy hair. He caught sight of the thinness of her shirt. "Did you walk here like that?" "I have one sweater," Katniss groused. "I couldn't wear it again." Reaching for his coat, Peeta handed it to her. "Put this on." He made sure that she put on the olive jacket before opening his office door. "I don't care what you wear, but please dress for the weather next time." "I'm sorry." Katniss followed him out into the waiting room where Delly sat at her desk. "I needed to catch the bus to get here." "If it's an issue for you getting here then I'll come to your place," Peeta argued as he closed his office door. He looked to Delly. "We'll be back in an hour." Delly looked at him warily but nodded anyway. Walking out of the office entrance, Peeta rubbed his hands together. The sun was shining, but the remnants of winter still left the trees bare and the air frigid. "Here." Katniss covered his clasped hands with hers. He watched as she moved her bare hands against his for a moment before slowly moving away. "Better?" Her touch was comforting and Peeta noticed that she seemed at ease. There were no signs of her being triggered by simple human contact. "Thank you," he told her evenly. "Though that was very inappropriate, you seem alright." "Peeta." She met his eyes as they walked. "I have a sex addiction. Everything I do is inappropriate." He didn't want to push the subject any further. "So, your family?" "My parents were high school sweethearts," Katniss began. "I was raised in Connecticut. I went to school there until high school. My mom was a former flight attendant-turned-teacher. My dad was a police officer. When I was five, my mom had my sister Prim. She's at UC Santa Barbara right now." "Do you talk a lot?" Peeta asked as they crossed the street to the diner. "Prim and I are very close," she responded, her hands tucked into the pockets of his coat. Looking ahead, he spied a sad smile on her lips. "She has no idea about this though. I'm not about to tell her." Walking into the empty diner, they were seated immediately. Katniss quickly ordered, pancakes with bacon and a decaf coffee. He had an orange juice and bagel. "That's it?" she asked as the waitress walked away. Peeta steered the questions away from himself. "How about your parents? Where are they now?" "Both gone," Katniss informed him. "My dad had a heart attack when I was in my third year of college and my mom died about two years after that due to cancer. It's like in Harry Potter—one couldn't live without the other or something like that." "Was that when the problem started?" he dared to ask. "I think I always had the urge." She stopped as the waitress delivered their drinks. "I was always curious about love and sex. But, isn't every teenager? I do remember thinking that I would never live up to my parents' relationship." Katniss stopped, her elbows resting on the table as she leaned towards him and gave him a smile. "Are you analyzing me right now?" she asked. "Yes, my parents gave me high expectations and maybe I just kept on looking for their kind of love in everyone I came across." "I think that you have a hard time differentiating between love and sex," Peeta told her. "Perfectly normal. However, people will usually limit in experimentation. You overindulged." She stared at him for a long moment as he roved over her features. Her eyes were almond-shaped, deep, and dark. The color went well with her rich olive skin. Peeta didn't deny that she was beautiful but there was something else in her eyes. "Anything else?" she asked as the waitress placed their respective plates down in front of them. Meeting her eyes, he gave her his honest opinion: "You have that look in your eyes, Katniss. Like you're hungry but you can never seem to get full." Session #3 Katniss hurriedly pulled him into her apartment, closing the door with a loud slam. For some reason, she was panicked so Peeta thought it best that he let her lead him to her burgundy couch. Taking his hand, Katniss placed it to her stomach. "Something is happening." Peeta waited, finally feeling the small movement under his palm. Her child was moving. He couldn't help but smile to himself at the fluttering. The human body was an amazing entity. However as Peeta looked up, he noticed the pensive look on her bare face. "What's wrong?" he asked as he reluctantly pulled his hand away from her stomach. "There's a