The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Somewhere That's Green Madge had not come to school that day. No call, no text, and she was…usually good with contacting him. Finding the key under the welcome mat of the Undersee home, Peeta unlocked the door and quietly entered the house. He always admired Madge's place; a colonial style house with white stucco and red shutters on the exterior. The interior was cream-colored with wide arches to give the house a sense of openness while the entryway chandelier was just that perfect touch of elegance. Placing the to-go bowl of chicken soup on the entry way table, Peeta walked up the flight of stairs to make his way to his girlfriend's bedroom. " Yes! Oh God…" Madge's voice rang through the still air. She sounded perfectly alright—actually, more than alright. "You're so good at that!" The moans were intermixed with the sound of a deep, husky groan. "I love you, Madge…" That voice—Peeta knew it perfectly. Going to Madge's door, Peeta ripped it open. There sat his girlfriend, obviously naked under the thin sheet. Laying under her was Gale Hawthorne, his best friend… "Get up!" Peeta opened his eyes to find his roommate straddling and smacking him, a smirk on her rose-colored lips and her long, dark hair swinging around her face. "What the fuck, Katniss?" He reached for his glasses on his side table and looked at the alarm clock. "It's six in the morning!" "I don't like being awakened by you screaming, 'No, Madge!' during my morning self-love session," Katniss retorted. "It really ruins the mood to hear another name while you're working your vibrator." Peeta let out a short guffaw and she leaned down so that her lips were only inches away from his. "And, my parents wonder why I'm not married yet." "Maybe it's because of the morning breath," Peeta suggested with a smirk of his own. "Like your breath smells like fucking roses," Katniss replied as she scooted off of him. "Impressive morning wood, by the way. I was almost tempted to take out my morning session on you." Reaching into the breast pocket of her pajama top, she pulled out a small envelope. "Does your dream have anything to do with this?" Peeta's eyes went to the crisp white envelope in her hand. It was an invitation from the Panem High School Reunion committee. "Maybe." Sitting up, Peeta joined Katniss who rested against the upholstered headboard. "Look who's hosting." Opening the envelope, she lifted the cardstock and read over the elegant invitation. Peeta watched as Katniss' grey eyes moved along the lines. When her eyes almost bulged from her sockets, he knew that she saw what had caused his stomach to turn the night before. "Madge Hawthorne." Katniss placed the invitation back inside the envelope. "So you're going to go, right? I mean you pretty much tortured me in college with this story." They had been assigned as dorm mates when someone in the Residential Department accidentally mistook Katniss' name as a boy's name. Despite being berated by the very female Katniss Everdeen, nothing more could be done and so they were left as dorm mates. Who knew that years later they would still be roommates except in an actual apartment? "I don't know," he said. "I mean look at me." Katniss met his eyes. "What?" "I'm not exactly where I wanted to be at twenty-eight." He looked around his plain bedroom, the only bright spot being the photo of him and Katniss on the day they moved in nearly six years ago. "She's married to my ex-best friend now and I'm…here." "Is here so bad?" Katniss asked, her head going to his shoulder. "I know that the firm is not giving you the projects you want and you haven't had a date in nearly six months but—" "I'm tired of being a loser, Katniss," he told his roommate. "Ten years later and I have no wife or kids…not even a house." "Well, I can't do anything about the kids that wouldn't overcomplicate our solid roommate union," Katniss replied with a grin. "But, I can do something about the whole wife situation." Peeta cocked his head at her. "What do you mean?" Ignoring his question, Katniss slipped out of his bed. "I'll pick you up from work." "But you know Plutarch will never let me out at a decent hour," he groaned. His boss was demanding, to say the least. "Don't worry about him," his roommate responded with a cheeky grin. "He likes me." Opening the door, Katniss stopped and turned to him, her dark eyes suddenly serious. "I promise. I won't let you down." "I know you won't," Peeta said after a moment. Katniss nodded as her eyes went to his sheets. "Now go take care of that huge boner." He scowled and she blew him a kiss before closing the door behind her. Peeta bit his lip, his eyes focused on the sketch in front of him. It was his first blueprint. Despite his resenting Madge, Peeta had always appreciated her house. The colonial-style Undersee home had always meant being at the top of the hierarchy in Panem to him. Being with Madge made him feel like he was at the top. Then, it had all come crashing down when he found his beautiful head cheerleader girlfriend riding his best friend like her life depended on it. His confidence had taken a downturn and the final three months before graduation had been misery. "Looks good." Peeta looked up to see Beetee, Plutarch's second-in-command, looking over the sketch. "I've seen you working on this before." "It was my first ever blueprint," he informed the man. "I had this ex and I was really inspired by her house so the structure is based off of it. Over time, I continued to make my own adjustments and additions." "Maybe you're building it for your future wife," Beetee suggested. He nodded his head over at the window in his office to where Katniss stood talking to Plutarch. She cut a striking figure in her black pencil skirt and fitted blazer. "She's been talking up a storm saying that you needed to leave to make some wedding plans." "You know she's joking, right?" Peeta closed his portfolio and turned off the light on his drawing desk. "Katniss has been my friend for years and would never look at someone like me." "I think you're ignoring that light in her eyes," Beetee responded. Walking over to the door, he opened it and turned to him. "She's got some sort of special little juju for you." Peeta chuckled, shaking his head. "If it hasn't happened by now then it's probably never going to happen." "Maybe during this high school reunion of yours?" his boss advised. "She seems really excited." "How did you know about that?" he asked as they walked towards Plutarch and Katniss. "Katniss was telling us how she got you both first-class plane tickets to Panem," Beetee explained. "Also, that she rented a place for you to stay in the area during the weekend that you're there." They joined Plutarch and Katniss who beamed at him. "You ready?" "At your beck and call as always," Peeta told her amusedly. "Have him back by Tuesday next week, Katniss," Plutarch warned his roommate. However, the man had hearts in his eyes for the woman so Peeta knew that there would be no issues about the following weekend. After saying their goodbyes, Katniss took Peeta by his hand and led him out of the office. "How did you manage to get me out of there right after lunch?" he asked in awe. "The first thing that I'm going to teach you is to be confident," Katniss told him before letting out a whistle to hail for a taxi. "You need to go to that reunion and show Madge that she fucked up." Peeta gave her a weak shake of his head. "But, she didn't really—" "No, Peeta. She fucked up. She fucked your best friend. And, she is a fucking bitch for doing it." He was dizzy hearing the litany of swears coming out of his roommate's mouth. "Admit it," Katniss continued. "Say that she fucked up." He looked around the busy street before mumbling, "Madge fucked up." Katniss put her hands on her hips. "I can't hear you." He glared before responding, "She fucked up." A taxi pulled up and Katniss opened the door. However, she blocked him from entering the cab. "Yell it out," she commanded. "Or, you can't get in." "This isn't funny," Peeta responded. He was beginning to get a headache. "Are we going to go or not?" Katniss did not back down and instead her stare got harder. "Say it." "No." He attempted to get in the front seat and she blocked him quickly. He tried going the opposite way and she countered his attempt. "Come on!" "I don't have all day, lady!" The driver called out. "In or out?" Katniss ignored the man instead looking to Peeta instead. "This is your choice." "FINE! MADGE FUCKED UP!" Katniss moved away from the open door and he growled at her before getting into the cab. "Finally!" Katniss followed inside quickly and closed the door. "5th and Adler." The driver nodded before starting on their route. "Where are we going?" he asked as they made their way down the street. "In order to feel good, you have to look good," Katniss replied. She gave him a smile before resting her head on his shoulder. "Despite my opinion that you are a very good-looking man, I don't think you see it yourself. So I have someone who is going to show you." "You have definite potential," The man told him as they sat in the posh office. "You just a need a little polish." Peeta sat awkwardly in the velvet chair. "Uh…thanks." He examined the man—tall, dark, and handsome and impeccably dressed in a navy blazer and grey slacks. "Who are you?" "My name is Cinna." The man held his hand out and Peeta shook it firmly. "Katniss tells me that you have a high school reunion coming up." "Yes," Peeta replied and looked to Katniss who sat on the man's desk listening in on their conversation. "I don't suppose that Katniss told you what happened." "Oh no." Katniss gave him a gleeful smile. "I waited for you to tell him." She looked to Cinna. "It's just a little lesson in truth and confidence." Peeta felt his annoyance rise. "Alright then…my high school girlfriend and my best friend were fucking each other behind my back. I caught them when I went to bring her chicken soup because she was supposedly sick. Now, they're married and I have…nothing." "You have me." Peeta looked up to see Katniss gazing at him, a shimmer in her smoky eyes. "And now you have me," Cinna added with an assuring smile. "You are a good man. Katniss can see it and so can I. Now you just need to feel it in here." He pointed a finger to Peeta's chest right where his heart was beating. Someone knocked on the door to the office and a woman with dark curly hair and large almond eyes entered the room. "This is my associate, Portia." "He has nice hair," Portia told Cinna before she turned to give Peeta a smile. "Hello, Peeta. It's nice to meet you. I'm going to be styling you for your reunion." "Styling me?" Peeta looked down at the jeans and sweater combination before sheepishly looking at the chic duo. "I guess that I do need a little help." Portia clapped her hands in excitement. "That's the spirit!" She turned to Cinna and Katniss. "Give us a few hours and we'll meet you in the lounge for drinks during happy hour." Cinna offered his arm to Katniss. "Let's do some shopping for your pretend husband." Katniss nodded before