Hello all! This is actually an old drabble that I posted on Tumblr and I loved it so much that I decided to post it! Enjoy! The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Guy Time At the stop sign, Peeta looked through his helmet visor at the town before him. He would have never come back if it weren't for her. Panem was a part of his history that he kept from his friends in Miami, his home for the last five years. It was better to be Peeta Mellark, nomad with no home and no history than Peeta Mellark, all-American hometown kid from Panem, a small town in the suburbs of New York. Kicking off, he rode past the three blocks that made up the main part of town and towards the neighborhood of identical houses with white picket fences. It was still hard to believe that his childhood friend had settled in such domesticity and was now playing the modern-day Donna Reed. Finally, Peeta made a turn into a long driveway before kicking out the stand for his motorcycle and turning off the engine. Looking around at the white stucco house with the ivy growing on it, he unzipped his leather jacket before considering if he should call his friend to let her know that he was outside. He didn't need to as the back door suddenly opened and Katniss rushed out of the house, a dark-haired baby in her arms. "PEETA!" She wrapped her free arm around him and he gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. "It's so good to see you again. I've missed you!" "Missed you too! My God, you look beautiful," Peeta responded as he stared at his friend. "Almost wondering why I didn't marry you myself!" Katniss' cheeks turned scarlet and he admired how well it looked on her olive skin. Her hair was in its usual braid and she wore a simple t-shirt dress that displayed her well-toned legs nicely. It was a warm day in Panem, a usual for early fall days in the small town. "Well, you didn't ask quickly enough," she retorted with a teasing grin. "Mommy!" A small boy of five came rushing out of the house and to his mother's side. The boy stared up at Peeta, suspicion in his grey eyes. If Peeta didn't know any better, he could swear that it was Gale staring up at him. "Who's this?" the boy asked as he pressed himself against his mother's side. "You're right on time, sweetheart," Katniss said before turning to Peeta. "Peeta, this is Charlotte—" She presented the baby, who reached out to swipe the sleeve of his jacket. "—and this is Liam." Her arm went around the boy to pull him closer. "Liam, Charlotte—this is Mommy and Daddy's old friend, Peeta Mellark." "I don't know what's scarier–" Peeta said as he sat on a stool by the kitchen island, drinking the beer that Katniss had offered him after settling the kids in the living room to watch something called ' The Wiggles '. "–the fact that you're a mother of two or that you called me your 'old' friend." "It's a trip, isn't it?" Katniss said as she pulled out the box of pasta from the cupboard and went to the stove. "Sometimes, I awaken in a daze and it reminds me of that one trip to Cabo where I drank from that bottle with the worm at the bottom." "Oh yeah…" He mused as he scratched at his unshaven jawline. "…we went skinny dipping, didn't we?" "We were wild ones," Katniss responded with a grin. She looked down at the pot in front of her before turning to him. "And, then I had to screw it all up by getting married." "You were with Gale for that last year of college and he was bat-shit crazy in love with you," Peeta told her. Katniss poured the pasta wheels into the boiling water and half-heartedly stirred it before covering the pot and joining him by the island. "He was in love with me." "What do you mean, sweetheart?" he asked. "You weren't there these last two years," she responded softly. "By the end, we couldn't stand one another because we were just too different." Tears filled her eyes. "Charlotte…she was our last attempt at mending what we had—and then what happens? Gale loses control on an icy road and a year later, I'm starting a new life with two children who have no idea that their parents no longer loved each other in the end." Quickly, Peeta stood up, pulling her into his arms. "Hey now…" He felt her bury her face into his shoulder. She often did this when they were kids, whenever she got in trouble with her parents. Katniss would come running to his house and crying all over him. Peeta never minded, liking that his best pal always needed him. "You're going to be alright. I'm here. Your favorite person in the world, right?" Katniss pulled her away, a wet laugh escaping her mouth. "Mommy!" They turned to see Liam in the doorway of the kitchen. He frowned at Peeta before looking to his mother. "Charlotte's diaper is smelly." "Oh—" She looked to Peeta. "—will you just watch the stove?" "Sure," he responded easily. Katniss quickly rushed out of the kitchen and he was left alone with mini-Gale staring at him. Awkwardly, Peeta went to the stove and removed the lid to stir the pasta with the wooden spoon that his friend placed on the counter. When Peeta turned around, he found himself face to face with Liam, who had taken his seat against the kitchen island. "OH SH—I mean…" Peeta took a calming breath, startled under the boy's stony gaze. "…you scared me." "Are you my Uncle?" Liam asked carefully. He leaned his elbows on the island. "I guess. I was there when you were born." "How come I've never seen you?" the little man-child continued with his inquisition. "You were just a baby when I left," Peeta informed him. "I used to live in Florida." Liam seemed genuinely interested in him, his grey eyes looking over Peeta. "Where do you live now?" "I'm going to live here—in Panem," he said to the little boy. "I have a house but it won't be done for a few weeks." "Then where will you stay?" "Here. With you." Peeta eyed Liam warily. "Is that okay?" The little boy tilted his head as he stared into Peeta's eyes. Those penetrating eyes were definitely from Katniss, for Peeta often found himself hypnotized by them just as he was with Liam's gaze. After a moment, Liam sighed and gave Peeta a half-hearted shrug. "Just don't steal any of my Ninja Turtles." Two Weeks Later… "Thank you for doing this," Katniss said to him. "This interview is all the way on the other side of town. I should be home a little after five." She looked to Peeta worriedly. "You'll be okay, won't you?" "Of course!" Peeta gave her an assuring smile as he bounced Charlotte in his arms. The little girl smiled at him. "See? Me and Charlie here are going to be just fine." Then pretty, little Charlotte spit up on his shoulder. "Oh no!" Katniss grabbed a napkin from her purse and carefully wiped his shoulder. She gave him an apologetic smile. "I'm really convincing you that staying in Panem is a good idea, aren't I?" "If you dress like that every day then I'm totally staying," he told her with a smirk. Katniss had put on a navy wrap dress for her interview. The silhouette hugged her curves appropriately and the V-neckline gave him just that slight glimpse of her cleavage. "You're a little perv, you know that, right?" Katniss retorted with a grin. She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and then kissed Charlotte's soft chocolate hair. "Be a good girl for Peeta, okay? Liam should be here around three." With a final wave, Katniss rushed out the front door. Peeta stared at the little girl in his arms. In Charlie, he definitely saw Katniss, those large eyes with that glint of mischief and peach lips that curved more to the right when she smiled. Going to the living room, Peeta grabbed the remote with his free hand before settling down on the couch with Charlie. Finally, he spotted something that captured his interest and he looked to the baby, who was curiously staring at the remote in his hand. "So, Charlie," Peeta began. "Have you ever watched Armageddon ?" "Thank you!" Peeta waved to Liam's carpool driver before closing the front door. Turning, he found the boy staring at him carefully. "So, are you hungry?" "Where's Mommy?" Liam asked. "She had an interview but she'll be back soon," Peeta replied. "I made grilled cheese sandwiches." He looked nervously at the kid. Liam had his father's stare, half-suspicious and half-skeptical of Peeta's sincerity. Gale had never been very crazy about Katniss' childhood friend despite the fact that he had been the one to introduce the two. "Can I eat in front of the television?" Liam asked after a moment. "Sure." Peeta quickly checked on Charlie, who was asleep in her playpen and clinging to her yellow blanket before going to the kitchen to grab a sandwich for the little boy. Quickly, he went back to the living room to find Liam sitting on the floor as he watched Bruce Willis drill a hole into the asteroid set to destroy the earth. Liam pointed to the screen. "What's this?" "It's a movie," Peeta replied as he joined the little boy on the floor and placed the plate in front of him. "We can change the channel if you want." "Mommy never lets me watch movies like these," Liam told him as he picked up the sandwich. "Neither did Daddy." The boy took a small bite from his sandwich. "He's dead, you know." Peeta nodded awkwardly. "I know." "And, he's never coming back," the boy added solemnly as he ate. "I know," Peeta repeated. "Do you know what it means to be dead?" "It's when you go to heaven and you never come back," Liam informed him simply. "I was sad but I don't know if I am anymore because sometimes I forget Daddy was even here." He chewed thoughtfully before meeting Peeta's eyes again. "Do you know anyone who died?" Peeta nodded, quickly swallowing the lump in his throat. "My Dad." He was twelve when his father had died of a sudden heart attack. Devastated, Peeta had run away to sit on the small pier that he and his father used to fish at. It was Katniss who had found him. Sitting next to him, she took his hand and held it, letting him squeeze hers as he sobbed. It was the last time he ever cried. Liam stared up at him. "Did you cry?" "I did." Peeta gave the little boy a smile. "But, I had a good friend who let me hold their hand until I stopped." "Who?" "Your Mommy," he told Liam. "She is my best friend and has always known how to make me feel better without having to say a thing. It's always good to have friends who will be there for you even if you don't feel like talking." Liam nodded. "Sometimes, I don't feel like talking." "And, that's okay," Peeta assured him. "But know that there are people who will be there to hold your hand and sit with you until you do." "Like you?" Peeta smiled, his chest constricting at the little boy's earnest eyes. He could see the need in them and he wondered if Katniss knew how much her son understood, despite his youth. "Yes, like me," he told Liam. "Any time you feel like having a quiet day or just some guy time, you'll have me. Just let your Mommy know."