The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Lady, running down to the riptide Taken away to the dark side I wanna be your left hand man I love you when you're singing that song and I got a lump in my throat 'cause You're gonna sing the words wrong… -Vance Joy Riptide By JLaLa "You will be happy," my mother assures me as she looks at my reflection in the mirror. I don't respond to her words. Part of me is angry. I stare at myself in the cornflower-blue dress that I'm wearing. It's strange to see myself like this—made to look feminine. The A-line of the skirt emphasizes my hips and the pulled-in waist gives me a little more curve to compensate for my lack of breasts. "I wish I could be as pretty as you," Prim, my sister, says. She is only ten and doesn't realize that the reason this is all happening is because we no longer have the money to keep us alive. The Capitol has cut the pension we were receiving since my father's death years ago. My mother makes a bare amount of money selling her healing tonics and salves. As does my hunting for game in the lush forest past the fence that borders District 12. "I wish I could be as beautiful as you," I respond before turning to give her a smile. Lowering myself to Prim's eye level, I press a kiss to her forehead. "You will come and visit me, right?" She nods and I stand up to pull her close. "Good girl." There's a knock on the door and I smooth down my dress. My mother does one last check of my hair, which is plaited in a braid. Her hand lingers over the dark tip of it and I know that she is thinking of my father. I share my thick, inky black tendrils with the man who she once shared her life and her bed with. Circumstances have led me to not think of marriage as affectionately as she does. Prim goes to the door quickly, tucking her shirt tail into her skirt before she opens it. Taking a breath, I offer up my best smile to the two people who have just entered our small home: Mr. Mellark who owns District 12's only bakery and my soon-to-be husband, Connor Mellark. I never knew that Connor held an interest in me. I saw him very little whenever I made a trade at the bakery and would usually talk to Mr. Mellark or Peeta, who was in my same grade at school. So it's strange to be walking down the middle road of our town past all the Merchants, hand in hand, as we head to the Justice Building to sign our marriage license. As Mr. Mellark tells us about the dinner that his wife is preparing, I finally meet Connor's eyes. He gives me a careful smile and I respond with a smile of my own. This can work. I can spend my life with this man with the kind smile even though he is a stranger. A stranger who got his parents to set up our engagement. I had just returned from hunting beyond the boundaries of District 12 when I found my Mom sitting at our kitchen table, her hands gripping her tin mug. After asking me to sit, she explained that she had been visited by Mrs. Mellark on behalf of her eldest son. He wanted to marry me. My family would have several benefits from our marriage. My mother and sister would be given a weekly supply of food from the Mellarks as well as stipend for what I had been contributing to our income. The Mellark brothers would assist in repairing my family home for the coming winter. Prim and my mother would be well-kept. That is, if I was willing to accept. How could I say no? My sister is tiny for ten and my mother is still recovering from her breakdown after my father's death. I'm sturdy and dependable; my family needs me. Of course I was going to say 'Yes'. "Katniss." I jump at the soft voice and turn to see Connor holding out a pen. I look down and realize that I'm supposed to be signing our marriage license. When did we get here? My hand trembles as I sign my name and the clerk promptly takes the license to notarize it. I'm married. Unpacking in our bedroom, I look at the handmade quilt that Mr. Mellark—Father, I mean—told me belonged to his own mother. Mrs. Mellark, or Mother, simply looked me over before telling Connor to show me to our room. Rye, their middle child, helped bring my bags up to the room before giving me a quick wink. I can already tell that he likes to make people laugh for he's the one who managed to get everyone chuckling during our wedding dinner which included my mother and sister. Prim is already reveling in being the youngest of the bunch. She left my new home after the dinner with half of the cake that Peeta made as well as what was left of our dinner. My new family is generous but I can't help but wonder what I will bring into the household. The fireplace glows in the plain bedroom saturating the walls with a warm orange hue. It is beautiful and comforting like the sunset that I used to bathe in whenever I hunted. I realize now that I can't do any of the things that I once did. That includes speaking to Gale, who is my best friend or, at least he was my best friend. We haven't spoken since my engagement was announced. I pull the quilt back. The sheets are white and I think that by tomorrow, they will no longer be this crisp or pristine. They will be stained with my virgin blood. Quickly, I slip on the white nightgown that my mother made for me. It is made of silk and lined with lace from my mother's wedding dress. It's the most beautiful thing I own and I feel my throat begin to close knowing that it will be removed from my body in a matter of minutes. Looking up, I catch an interesting sight in the corner of the room—Hyacinths. They stand in a vase on a small round table. Something about them triggers a memory of the forest, of a gentle hand holding mine, and the soft blue of the hyacinth's petals. My fingers go to the thick petals and I feel comfort in it. Hyacinths symbolize fertility. I know why I am here. I was aware of it since the moment that my mother told me about the Mellarks' offer. I am strong and I've never been sick a day in my life. I can bear a child and be up the next day to open the bakery. I'm nothing but a vessel to put a baby in. The tears come suddenly and I wipe my eyes unaware that anyone is present until I feel a hand on my shoulder. Swiveling, I'm surprised to find Connor in the room. "You seemed entranced by the flower," he says with a small grin. "It just brought back a nice memory," I explain. "Then why are you crying?" Connor asks as he approaches me. He is wearing a simple white shirt and linen pajama pants. Seeing the outline of his masculine body through the glow of the fire makes my throat constrict. Mustering up a weak smile, I quickly wipe my eyes. "I miss my family." Lifting my chin with his finger, Connor meets my eyes before pressing his mouth to mine. The kiss is a…kiss. Nothing but the movement of his skin against mine. "You'll get used to being here," Connor assures me. His hand moves the strap of my nightgown off my shoulder and he places another kiss to my bare skin. "I am your family now as our children will be when the time comes." I nod before letting him completely remove the nightgown off my body. The sheets are soft. My eyes are open as the palm of my hand moves against the bedding. I look around trying to adjust to this new place. Turning, I see that Connor is still asleep and I breathe out in relief. I'm still sore from last night and I don't think I have it in me to do it again. My husband was as gentle as he could be. My hips are wide but they aren't used to the feel of a man in-between them. I welcomed him inside of me, anyway. I never had expectations of love and sex. I wasn't like some of the other girls in school who talked about falling in love or getting kissed in a way that made your stomach turn. I guess I was just built different. Sitting up, I look to the window in front of me where the sunlight trickles in. The hyacinths savor the golden warmth and they stand proudly. However as I stand and pull my nightgown back on, I feel a sharp ache in my core and breathe for a moment to relax my muscles. There's a movement behind our door so I go to open it. It's Peeta. He has laid out a tray of food in front of our room for us. Seeing me, Peeta gives me a smile. "Good morning, Mrs. Mellark." There's something in his voice that causes something in my throat to catch. "Just something for you and Connor." I lean down to pick up the tray and meet his eyes. "You can call me Katniss. You always did." "Okay…Katniss," he replies, happiness in his voice. "Oh, I forgot—" Peeta reaches behind him to place a fresh hyacinth on the tray. "I know how much you like them." The memory comes back in a flash. Behind the fence, we crept around looking for a field as blue as the evening sea. Together, hand-in-hand, we found a beautiful field of flowers. We made a promise to keep it a secret. And, I remember that there was a time when I felt that kind of love that the girls in school spoke of. When I felt the tingle of warmth on my skin… "Do you still know where this place is?" I ask him. He nods once as I rise with the tray in my hands. "Will you show me one day?" "One day," he promises before disappearing down the hallway. Three Months… "Gently," Connor instructs, his arms around my waist. I can't help but let out a chuckle. "I don't know if I can be that gentle." Kneading is not as easy as one would think. There's a balance to it really and something makes me wonder if I'll ever be the kind of wife that the Mellarks need. The loaves I end up making are uneven and doughy which we then have to eat for dinner. My husband presses a kiss to my neck. "You need a break. Let's go upstairs." The smile immediately falls from my face. "I can't. Time of the month." He nods, disappointment in his blue eyes, before disappearing to the front of the bakery when the entrance bell jingles. Three months and no baby. Connor is patient. However, Mother is not and I can tell that Father is just as frustrated. There are a lot of things I've come to appreciate about being single now that I'm a Merchant wife. I miss being outdoors and hunting. Solitude is hard to find when you're sharing a bed with someone. Sure, I've gotten used to having my husband inside of me during sex but it's just a means to an end. We need to procreate. If I don't have a child then Prim and my mother suffer. Taking off my apron, I toss it