The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Trigger Warnings: instances of kidnapping, child abuse, sexual assault, rape, and pedophilia. Good Enough I was seven when Cray took me. Maybe it was my fault. The memory has slowly faded over time but I remember being in a crowded mall. My mom was trying to find shoes for my little sister when I felt the grasp of his hand. He led me away quickly and before I knew it, I was sitting in his car with my feet swinging above the floor. Cray gave me ice cream and I contentedly licked the rum raisin that dripped along my fingers and onto my pink dress. He didn't yell like my mom would whenever I got my clothes dirty so I remember the relief of not being punished. I didn't realize that my punishments would come much later. I thought nothing of it when we stopped along the sidewalk next to the rundown Victorian house. Nor did I worry when he led me up the never-ending flights of stairs. It got darker each flight we ascended so I just clung to Cray's hand. It seemed to please him. It was only when I saw Peeta for the first time that I became frightened. He didn't appear scary, but the look in his shrinking blue eyes was. His blond hair was dirty and matted and he look emaciated in his oversized t-shirt. "Look, boy." Cray pushed me into the room. "I got you a sister." Then, he closed the door behind him. "What's your name?" Peeta asked as I stood awkwardly by the door. My eyes looked to the large stains on my dress and I suddenly wished that my mom was there. Even if she got upset, Mom would eventually clean me up before giving me a kiss and sending me off with fresh clothing. "Katniss," I managed to mumble. I eyed the boy in front of me curiously. "What's your name?" "Peeta." He smiled kindly and I could see that a tooth was growing on the bottom front of his mouth. "How old are you?" "I'm seven." My eyes looked anxiously to the door. "How long are we going to be up here?" "Until we're good enough," he told me. "I'm eight." I started to feel nervous as Peeta led me further into the room. There were two beds, both neatly made with a table separating them. To the right was a small television and a shelf with a few books. Then, to the left was a large armoire and a door which I learned later on was the bathroom. "Peeta, when is the man coming back?" I asked timidly. He shrugged, almost confused as to why I had asked him this particular question. "Maybe tonight." Something broke inside of me and I found myself crying into my hands. I wanted to go home. I wanted my Mommy and little sister whose name I couldn't remember. "It's okay." Peeta led me over to one of the beds before sitting beside me. "It's better that he doesn't come." I looked at him through my burning wet eyes. "Why?" The scary look in his eyes returned. Peeta taught me to count the sunsets. Fourteen sunsets happened before Cray came for me. By then, I had learned our routine well. Every morning, the man who Peeta told me was Cray, would come and drop off our food rations. He didn't talk to us, only leaving the brown box by the door before quickly closing and locking it. There were six paper bags inside, three for me and three for Peeta, consisting of our breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Breakfast was usually fruit and a small carton of milk. Lunch was a sandwich with luncheon meat, and dinner was always some sort of meat and powdered mashed potatoes. By then, I no longer wore my pretty pink dress. Cray had taken it to be 'cleaned' so I was now wearing a plain white t-shirt similar to Peeta's. I also learned by then that Peeta didn't remember his family. His only memory was a floured apron and the smell of sugar. He wasn't sure but he thought that it might have been a memory of his dad. Peeta was riding his bike when Cray had told him that he was a friend who would drive him back home. We were such trusting children. That night, Peeta had fallen asleep before me. That night when I awoke, it was because I wasn't in my bed anymore. I was in Cray's. I was in Cray's bed as he ran his hand along my bare skin…along my shoulders…my stomach…and between my thighs. It hurt. Ten. Ten times that Cray put his fingers in me before he shuddered and groaned into my ear. When I woke up, I was back in my bed in the attic with Peeta sitting by my side. The look in his eyes broke me. He understood because the same thing had happened to him. I burst into tears and he lay beside me, his hand moving along my dark hair. Peeta waited until I was calm before leading me to the bathroom. He filled the tub with warm water before helping me remove my shirt and letting me sit in the water. "Did this happen because we weren't good enough?" I asked him as he washed my back. "No," he told me, the look in his blue eyes lost. "It's because he's done something bad." Five Years Later… I'm twelve today. Today, along with our usual meal box, was a small cake that read, ' Happy Birthday Katniss '. Cray has gotten us one every year since I came to stay in the attic. He tells Peeta and me that he wants us to be a normal family and that he's trying hard to find us a good mother. Unfortunately, Cray doesn't bring home women that are mother material. We can see them walking up the driveway, full of liquor and laughter, from the small round window in our room. The last woman wore a tight, red dress that briefly reminded me of my own dress—I wondered what became of it. My new uniform was a t-shirt and a pair of leggings while Peeta now wore sweat pants. "Happy birthday, sis." Peeta gives me a kiss on the cheek in greeting and I blush at the motion. Taking the cake, he begins to slice it with the plastic knife that we've been supplied with. I watch him look at the cake and I know that he's thinking of his family. From what we can put together, his father was a baker in a small mom-and-pop bakery. I don't remember much about my own life except that my mother and sister were blondes. That's about it. My hand reaches across the table to gives his a squeeze. "I bet you could make a better one." Peeta grins at me and I feel something flutter inside my stomach. The feeling is unfamiliar but not unwelcomed. We eat our cake in silence, enjoying the small bits of strawberries against our tongues. When we finish, I gather our small dishes and bring them to the bathroom sink to wash. We were given chores when I turned ten. I am in charge of washing—clothes, sheets, and dishes. Peeta is in charge of sweeping, dusting, and maintaining any electronics like our old television which only has channels 2 and 4. Being twelve has been very strange on me. I feel different, at the brink of something that I know nothing about. There are strange feelings building up inside me; some happy, some sad. My body looks different, too. My chest is budding out and there is hair growing in weird places. I'm so distracted that I don't even notice the sink overflowing. "Damn!" My shirt is soaked and I quickly shut the sink off so I can clean the water on the floor. Peeta comes rushing in. "What's wrong?" I turn to him in panic. "I got water everywhere! Help me clean it up before Cray sees!" Cray hates a mess. We were punished the last time we made one. I couldn't sit down for a week and Peeta had to sleep on his stomach. Though he rewards us sometimes, Cray also punishes…badly. "G-Go and change," Peeta stammers, his eyes wide. "I'll clean up." "But, it was my fault—" "Just go and change, Katniss!" He looks me over once more. "Don't let Cray see you like that." I walk out of the room and go to the armoire to grab a fresh shirt. It's only when I see myself in the mirror inside of it do I realize why Peeta was so flustered. The shirt is completely see-through when it's wet—two dark, puckered nipples peek through the thin cloth. Looking into my eyes in the mirror, my mind recalls the look on Peeta's face seeing me in the bathroom. His blue eyes were blazing and there was an unknown intensity inside them as he looked at my newly-grown chest. I think it was hunger. Five. It takes five minutes of rubbing against me for Cray to finish. He doesn't say anything after, simply taking me by the arm and leading me upstairs before locking the door behind him. Peeta sits up in his bed when he is sure that Cray is gone. It took us a year to realize that he was drugging our food. We learned to detect the bits of powder that were sleeping inhibitors in our sandwiches or powdered potatoes. "Are you okay?" he asks as I go to the armoire to change my clothes. "I'm fine," I tell him. Taking my shirt off, I quickly throw another one on. "He was quick." "Getting old," Peeta responds with a smile. I go to my bed and peel back the covers. "I don't understand what he gets out of this." "It must feel good to him, I guess." Peeta goes under his own covers, his eyes on the ceiling. "Does he act different when he's with you?" I ask suddenly before clapping my mouth shut. After a moment, I speak again. "Peeta, I'm sorry." "It's okay," Peeta responds off-handedly. "It's quick for me, too." He never talks about the times when he has to go with Cray. "Don't be mad." I jump out of bed and crawl into his to give him a hug, my head going to his chest. "I know that you don't like to discuss it." "It's okay," Peeta replies, his voice cracking at its ends. "I pretend that I'm doing something else." "Like what?" He turns to look at me. "I do math problems in my head or I count the cracks in the ceiling." I'm suddenly aware of how close we are and I can feel a tingling inside of me. Staring up at him, I clear my throat before speaking. "Do you think it would be different if we wanted it?" Peeta swallows slowly, his slight Adam's apple bobbing. "Maybe." My hand takes hold of his and I move it to one of my small buds. "I saw you looking at them." "Katniss…" His voice is thick, full of torturous want. I guide his hand to caress me. "What are you doing?" "I don't know." My eyes close as his hand begins to move on its own. "But, I know I want it." I can't even react when I'm thrown to the ground. "You two are sick!" Cray is screaming at both of us from where he stands. "You are brother and sister! Nothing else!" It's at the tip of my tongue to say that God didn't make us brother and sister. He did. The jingle of his belt buckle brings a cold, frightened sensation rushing through my spine. "It was my fault!" Peeta suddenly bursts out. His eyes meet mine and I see his glazing over, preparing for punishment. "I