Finally, right? Another Two Wrongs one-shot! The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Thanks to Chelzie who had to plow through this and correct my mistakes! She is fabulous. This one-shot takes place four years after "Two Wrongs". I suggest you read it first on my website or on AO3. The links are on my homepage. Resolutions " This is your night, dancing free until the morning light Together forever 'cause this is your night And everything is gonna be alright…" Prim is singing. And it's not even ten in the morning. Don't get me wrong. Prim has a gorgeous voice. Hell, she has a gorgeous everything. At this moment, however, she could be Sarah Brightman and it would be like nails on a chalkboard. I'm not quite functional and I get easily irritated at this time. Installing a speaker system throughout our Mission District apartment was a bad idea. Peeta and I thought it was a great one when we put it in, though. Sitting up, I look around our bedroom. Prim had wanted to keep it gender neutral, so she kept the look very minimal. Grey patterned curtains hang on the window and a white shag carpet is laid at the foot of the bed. A flat screen television stands on our dresser drawers because she loves to play Mario Kart on the old Super Nintendo that we found at a garage sale in Hayes Valley. The grey quilt that is on our bed is from Carrie, her sister-in-law. I love how her family is so close. Prim jokingly refers to it as "the baby-maker," like the quilt in that Sandra Bullock movie. It was funny until I saw the look on her older brothers' faces when she said it in front of them. "Cato? Are you up?" Prim walks in and my heart leaps from my throat. It's been happening a lot lately. "You'd better get ready. We have to meet Katniss and Peeta in Savor in about an hour." Her long hair falls over her shoulders, framing her pretty face. I watch her move gracefully as she opens the curtains to let in the morning light. When she was fifteen, Prim was all limbs but still as graceful. She was a sweet kid. I was twenty-six and she was twenty-two when I saw her again. Prim had grown up. It wasn't just that she had gotten taller or that she had gained a curve or two; it was her eyes. She was twenty-two, but her eyes were much older. She had lost her boyfriend about two years before that. As expected, Prim was destroyed by it. However behind the sad eyes, I saw something else—hope. I found myself wanting to give her exactly that. I loved her already. Two weeks. I keep repeating this mantra. New Year's Eve is in two weeks. "I'm getting up, sweetie." I stand and stretch. Prim walks over and tickles me my side. "AH!" I grab her waist and pull her back down on top of me so I can give her a quick kiss. The smell of strawberries surrounds me—she somehow manages to always smell like them. Prim deepens the kiss and I surrender. I have no choice. I mean I can't refuse her—that would be just messed up. Her cell phone rings and she pulls away to pick it up. "It's Peeta." It's like he knows what we're doing. Two weeks. She hangs up after a minute and then gives me a smile. "They moved up the reservation. We have to be there in thirty minutes." I groan and stand up. She gives me a strong slap on the rear. "You're gonna get it," I warn and she gives me a smile as she lays back, her elbows resting on the mattress. "Well, I'm not going to get it now," Prim replies. "And you better get a move on—or they'll kill us." "Okay, okay…" I walk into the adjoined bathroom and close the door behind me. Quietly, I open the bottom cabinet. Behind the shaving cream and tampons sits a box of Rogaine. I tell her that I use it as a preventative, to which she nodded seriously before laughing at me. I take the box out and reach inside to pull out what is actually in there. It's a small velvet box. I just need to make sure that it's still there—the ring. It is white gold with a single round cut diamond. It is small, but beautiful and its shine makes an impression on you. Just like Prim. Two weeks. In two weeks on New Year's Eve, I'm proposing to Prim. "Holy crap, I'm starving," Katniss says as she looks through the menu. "Took you two long enough to get here." "Noe Valley is twenty minutes away from our apartment," Prim tells her. "We had to take the bus over here and buses do stop for other passengers." "Take a cab," Katniss replies from behind her menu. "Who takes a cab? This is San Francisco, not New York." Prim eyes her sister suspiciously. "What's going on with you?" "How are you?" Peeta asks me suddenly, trying to detract the two women. "Any trouble students?" "Two girls came to my class wearing practically nothing at the beginning of the semester," I tell him. "Then I brought out the crime photo slideshow and they dropped the class a week later. I can always spot the failures." "Or the skanks," my girlfriend says with a grimace. "Language," Peeta tells her. "I'm twenty-six! Not fourteen," Prim argues. "Okay children," Katniss says. "Settle down." She looks over at me. "Do you ever wonder what you got yourself into?" "Every day of my life." I wink at her and she snorts. I went out on one disastrous date with Katniss. It was a set-up by my Dad, who is now retired from the Veterans' Hospital. There was no kiss, no heat and she never called back. She was mooning over Peeta the whole time. I wasn't heartbroken over her not calling back and now she's become one of my best friends. She and Peeta raised Prim to become the woman she is today. I can't thank them enough. "You ready to order?" The waitress gives us a friendly smile but it grows when she meets my eyes. Her hair is a messy top knot and she's wearing black framed glasses that I'm sure aren't prescription—a hipster for sure. Prim meets my eyes and winks. She thinks it funny when these girls try to stare me down and she thinks it's even funnier when they do it to Peeta since he practically acts like her Dad. "I'm going to have Blackstone Benedict and a salad with Italian dressing. Also, some chocolate milk," Katniss says to her. The rest of us order but before she leaves, Katniss adds a side of chicken wings to come before the actual meal. "Damn Katniss, that's a lot of food! Are you pregnant or something?" I ask. Katniss doesn't like change, so she always orders the same thing when we're here—a BLT. Peeta glares at me. "Way to ruin the surprise, Cato." Katniss looks near tears. "I was just kidding—" "Wait! You're pregnant?!" Prim says. She literally jumps across the table to hug her sister and Peeta. "I'm going to be an Auntie again!" The other patrons smile and clap indulgently for my beaming girlfriend. Prim's excitement is infectious. I stand up to hug Katniss and then go to shake Peeta's hand. "So you've worn her down again." "I think it was our India's plea for a little brother or sister that wore us down," he tells me with a happy grin. "That monster." I love that little girl like she's my own. I look over at Katniss and Prim who are now talking quietly to one another. Katniss has her arm around Prim and my girlfriend looks at her adoringly. I move closer to Peeta. "I wondering if I could speak to you and Katniss alone one of these days?" Peeta studies my eyes for a moment than looks over at Prim. He raises his eyebrows at me and gives me a small smile. "You know Katniss isn't going to make it easy for you," he tells me. "I know." I look over at Prim who is talking to Katniss' still flat stomach. The wings have arrived and Katniss is eating them at a rapid pace. "If I get her in the end, then it will be worth it." Walking up the steps to the Mellark house, I wipe my sweaty palms before ringing the doorbell. I'm so nervous. Usually, Prim and I are here on the weekends but this time is different. I'm asking her "parents" for permission to propose. I can hear the scurry of footsteps coming to the door. "Who's there?" The tiny voice belongs to India, or Indy, as I like to call her. "It's Uncle Cato." "What's the password?" she asks carefully. To make sure that Indy never answers the door for strangers, Katniss and Peeta asked her to create passwords for everyone in the family. Everyone in the family, kids and adults, have one. I felt a little thrill the day that she assigned me a password. "Princess Prim," I say against the door and smirk. Prim's password is "King Cato." The door opens to reveal Indy wearing a tiara and bright yellow sunglasses. Her tiny frame is overpowered by the four tutus that hang on her waist. Her hair is in a neat French braid—a trademark inherited by her mother. "Uncle Cato!" She jumps into my arms. Behind her stands Jessa Hawthorne, Gale and Johanna's daughter. She is much taller than Indy, though they're the same age. They had been told that she was actually going to be a boy. Turns out the sonogram was full of shit and out came ten-pound Jessa. Jessa has such a strong personality like both of her parents. She acts like a little adult. Johanna once said that even though she turned out to be a girl, she had a lot more balls than a lot of men that she knew. She is also sporting a tiara and sunglasses. Her dark hair hangs down her shoulders, prettily framing her heart-shaped face. "How is my girl?" I ask as I put her back down. "We're having a tea party!" she replies with a grin. "Then we have to do our homework." "Homework? You're four!" I tell her. "Will you help us later, Uncle Cato?" Jessa asks, tugging at my hand. I kiss the top of her head. "Of course, beautiful." I look around and then at Indy. "Where are your Mom and Dad?" "Mommy is sick because of Taqueria," she tells me in a matter of fact tone. "She has food poisoning?" That can't be good for the baby. "No, Taqueria is my little brother's name!" She looks at me like I should understand. She places her hands on her hips. "Mommy and Daddy go there all the time! That's where they are making my little brother, so that's his name." I smile to myself. I have to tell Prim all about Little Taqueria when she's off-duty. Prim was working in Stanford when she was offered residency at UCSF, which is here in the city. She accepted right away because she wanted to work in the Mount Zion campus where the Oncology Department is located. We are hoping that they make her an attending when the time comes. "What are you telling your Uncle, India?" Katniss asks as she enters. "Hey, Cato. Peeta told me that you would be coming over. He's just finishing up a phone call, but he'll be right in." "I was telling Uncle Cato about Taqueria!" She stifles a laugh. "Why don't you two finish up your tea party in India's room?" she suggests. "It's big people time." "Uncle Cato is going to help us with our