Hello, my dears! Enjoy! The character of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. This was the prompt sent to me on Tumblr: ' I'm meant to kill you but I've been watching you for a week to work out how and you're just too nice.' AU When We Were Young "Your next assignment." Haymitch, my supervisor, pushes the thin file folder across his desk towards me. "We're being paid a pretty sum for this one." He stretches in his seat, his arms reaching behind him before resting his hands at the back of his head. "But, this will be a difficult one." I open the file reading over the target's demographics. "Peeta Mellark-Legal Aid lawyer on the side, specializing in International Affairs, and a teacher at Panem Elementary." The scoff escapes my mouth without a thought. "Who did he piss off?" "Burton Cray," Haymitch says. "The boy scout helped foil the smuggling of young kids from Thailand to the States. Kids, who no doubt, were in for a life of servitude or prostitution—or, maybe both. Mellark is set to testify against the man in two weeks' time. Cray knows he's going behind bars if the boy testifies and he's willing to pay big money to stop Peeta." He meets my eyes. "This is a big case, Katniss." "I've done this kind of thing before," I respond. My eyes go back to the file, looking at the small black-and-white photo of my target. "Such a waste of a do-gooder. You piss off the wrong man and you pay for it. He's definitely going to be made a martyr after this is done." "Better than dying and no one giving a shit," the man in front of me responds. "Make his death mean something. Honestly, the odds aren't in Cray's favor once the boy is dead but Cray creeps me out. He deserves to rot in prison." "Then why are we taking this on?" I ask. "Because of all of this." His arms go out to gesture at the opulent office, all mahogany and vaulted ceilings. "Because people like him keep our little secret Academy under the radar and well-funded." Haymitch meets my eyes. "The payout is enough to feed and clothe our recruits for the next ten years." I stand resolutely. "Then let me do my job." Haymitch hold his palm up to me. "Wait," he starts. "You're not going in completely blind. We're sending you out with a backstory. You need to get inside this man's circle—get him to trust you. It needs to look like an accident. If it doesn't, then it will immediately be connected to Cray and he won't have that." "What the hell are you expecting me to do?" I ask him. "Be his friend and spike his drink?" "That sounds like a plausible idea," Haymitch responds. "I'll ask Wiress and Beetee if they can come up with something untraceable for you to slip into his drink." He presses the buzzer next to his phone, speaking into it. "We're ready." He looks up at me. "Also, we decided that you need a partner—" My mouth tightens at his words, feeling the sting of distrust. "No, I do this alone." The office door opens and Effie, Haymitch's wife and Headmistress of the Academy, enters along with a petite blonde with bright blue eyes. The girl looks about ten or so and she walks behind Effie shyly, practically hiding behind her. It's almost endearing, her innocence. I was about her age when I was recruited. "Katniss, my dear." Effie gives me a smile before moving the girl forward. "I want to introduce you to your sister , Primrose." My eyes go to my newly trimmed and layered hair as I examine myself in my vanity mirror. My raven hair is still long, hitting past my shoulders, and stopping right above my chest. Cinna, who does all pre-assignment makeovers and styling, didn't do too much. He waxed my eyebrows, which hurt like hell, and some other places that were completely unnecessary. Portia, his cousin and partner, did my makeup as well as gave me a tutorial on how to emphasize my smoke-colored eyes. I look normal, not as pinched face as I usually do. Standing, I walk over to the corner of the room where a full-length mirror stands. I wear an olive jacket, a three-quarter sleeve black and white shirt, skinny jeans, and knee-length boots. Apparently this is what people my age wear now and I look at the grey uniform that I usually wear tossed messily on my bed. I'm going to miss that drab little garb. It was comfortable as hell. "Oy, you look almost normal!" I turned to see Johanna, my roommate, walking out of the bathroom. Steam escapes the room as she closes the door and heads over to our walk-in closet. I turn away, my eyes looking down at the floor. Even after all this time, I can never get used to her walking around naked as the day she was born. Though I have a theory that she came out of the womb holding a pistol. Johanna is my mentor, four years older than me with ten times the amount of kills. None of the recruits match her record. I am a far-behind second with Marvel, one of the male recruits, following at third. Johanna has taught me everything I know—from shooting a gun to avoiding security—and I want to make her proud. If I succeed then she will be promoted and taken out of the assassins list. Johanna will be able to teach instead and live a semi-normal life. Teachers at the Academy are allowed to leave the facility, reside in normal society, marry, and even have children. The only contingency being that their partner must sign a sort of prenuptial agreement stating that they will not reveal the whereabouts of the school or our jobs. If the agreement is broken, then said partner is killed immediately. "What is normal?" I question before turning to make sure that she is properly dressed. Johanna has the decency to put on a robe before plopping onto my bed. She kicks off my uniform onto the plush carpet and pats the space next to her. "The hair, the clothes, the make-up," she tells me. "That's normal. I heard you got a little sister." "Yes. As of today, I am Katniss Everdeen, nurse from Boston who has just moved to Panem with her younger sister, Primrose." I give her an assuring smile. "Don't worry, I've got down the basics of nursing. I'll just stick to general nursing topics if anyone asks." "And, your parents?" she grills me. "Died in car crash two years ago," I respond easily. "Thus the reason for Prim's despondent attitude." "Oh, she's an angsty little girl, is she?" Johanna grins at me. "Imagine, you're raising a little you." She looks to me. "You were not much different at that age. I had an interesting time." "I was ten and you were fourteen," I say. "Prim and I have an almost eleven year difference between us. How will I relate to her?" "I don't know." Johanna lays back on the bed. "Ask her about Justin Bieber?" "Who's that?" "I don't know, but I heard some of the younger girl recruits talking about him," Johanna replies. "You're going to be okay." She takes my hand. "I'm real proud of you." "Thanks." I lean down to kiss her cheek. "If it makes you feel better, you get the dorm to yourself. You can bring anyone back here and not worry about making noise." "Really, what's stopped me before?" she asks with a salacious smile. "That is true." I recall many a time when I've had to put a pillow over my ears whenever she brought one of the male recruits into the room. "Well, you'll get your choice of bed or chair or counter…" "That is true, though blowjobs can be a bit of a hassle—especially if it's in the shower...but the noise won't be a problem." Johanna muses for a bit before looking to me. "How about you?" She sits back up and smirks. "You going to get some while you're on the outside?" "Uh...no." I stand up to go to the closet and grab my luggage. Effie has already packed a bag for me with the help of Cinna and Portia. I am inept when it comes to clothes. I'll wear anything as long as it fits and it gives me room for food. "That is not the reason that I'm supposed to be out there. I'm out there to get my target." I go to the vanity where the file rests. Snatching it, I toss it at Johanna. "I kill him and I come back." Johanna's eyes go to the open file. "Yum-yum...Peeta Mellark. Even in this tiny little photo, I can tell he's hot." She jumps from the bed and goes to my bag that I've placed my door. Opening it and going to her knees, she examines the contents before looking to me. "There's some decent underwear and clothes but no lingerie…" "Because I'm not going to be thinking about that," I respond. "Please close the bag." "In any case, I'm going to give you something." Johanna gets up to go to her side table and she pulls out a small purple box. "I know that you say you won't need them, but just in case." She holds the box out to me. "You know how to put a condom on, right?" I can feel my face burning before I grab the box from her. "Of course. We've had the class about the art of seduction." "Not much of a class, honestly," Johanna retorts. "Cashmere has been around the block but she is a terrible lay, according to a few of her conquests." Putting the box in my bag—a simple brown leather tote—I take a calming breath before looking to her. "Thank you for your help," I say diplomatically. "I'll be alright." Johanna looks up at me. "It's like watching my sister leave home for the first time." She reaches over and pulls me into her embrace. "I'm going to miss you, little Mockingjay." "You haven't called me that in ages," I respond with a smile. We were all assigned names upon entry into the Academy. Haymitch and Effie decided to give me the codename Mockingjay, after the orphanage from which they adopted me. Johanna took to it immediately, calling me Mockingjay instead of my actual name for weeks. It took me decking her in the face for her to quit it. We've been friends ever since. Johanna sighs as she pulls me away. "I'm going to miss you, Katniss." "So the house we've rented for you is in a good neighborhood," Effie explains as Haymitch and Cinna load up the non-distinguishable green Toyota Tercel. "Prim's school and your target's house are about a ten minute walk away." She never thinks of them as real people, only targets. I think it is Effie's version of penance, to choose all of us at the Academy in oppose to the people outside our own little world. To Effie, we are like her children. Johanna, Marvel, and myself are all her eldest and now Prim is her youngest. Without even noticing, she zips up my jacket for me just as any mother would. "Be safe, sweetheart," Effie tells me, her hand going to the nape of my neck. I press my forehead to hers and see her light-blue eyes fill with tears. "Come back to us soon." "I will," I promise. "This is an easy job." The look in her eyes tells me different. "Here she is!" I look over to the doorway as Johanna and Prim come out. The little blonde girl looks much more like a ten-year-old, especially with the two braids that they've divided her hair into. She wears a pair of jeans, black Converses, and