Just a little inspiration from one of my favorite shows. The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Truth with Consequence Chapter One Year One It was only natural that Katniss would marry Gale. It was what everyone expected in District 12. They had always been connected at the hip since they were children. He had been her first kiss and the only boy that she would allow to take her around the dance floor during festivals—much to the envy of the other girls, both Seam and Merchant. So when he asked her one snowy day if they should make it official, Katniss nodded and their lips met briefly in a chaste kiss. It was a clean-cut deal. Her wedding day, like her proposal, was straightforward. Both she and Gale went to sign their marriage license in the records office. She was in the blue dress that used to be her mother's with her coal black hair pinned up in an intricate braid while he wore a pressed shirt and slacks. Gale took her hand and gave her a smile before signing his name. When it was her turn, Gale took her right hand and guided it to write her name where it belonged. She watched as his hand led hers and the inky lines that looked so foreign on the parchment. "There," he pronounced quietly into her ear. "Your married name." That was her name? It looked so strange. "I guess," Katniss replied. She had never learned to write properly. After her father died, it had been left up to her to take care of her family. She had taken to hunting with Gale for meat, selling the game to the Merchants in town. Schooling had been her last priority. The two had managed to purchase a small house in the Seam, close to both their families. It was a box, really; a one level house with a tiny kitchen and two small back rooms. One would be their bedroom and the other room would be for the eventual children. Katniss tried not to think about what was expected of her later that night . Somehow, her mother's discussion from last night about 'marital duties' lingered in her mind. It had been horribly awkward as her mother talked about Gale 'entering' her and how it would be painful at first but she would eventually get used to it. "You ready?" he asked Katniss as she found herself staring at their new house. "Yes." Together they entered their house and found their families waiting for them. Katniss' mother and Prim stood to one side of the room while Hazelle, Gale's mother, and his brothers, Vick and Rory, stood at the other. Posy, Gale's little sister, was being watched at the Hawthorne home—she was three and too young to understand what was going on. "Katniss!" Prim rushed towards her older sister and Katniss let go of Gale's hand so they could embrace. "Congratulations." "Thanks, sweetie," Katniss said affectionately and pressed her warm cheek to Prim's cool one. Her mother then went to her and Katniss could see the hope in her mother's eyes; the hope of future grandbabies and a long, loving marriage. She reached for her mother holding her tightly, nervous of what was to come. "Mama…" "Remember what I said, Katniss," her mother whispered in her ear. "Keep a calendar of your cycle. I know you and Gale don't want babies now so remember to just go to him when you know that it's safe. Will you be okay, tonight?" Katniss nodded. Their toasting was a quick affair. Both Katniss and Gale were familiar with how to kindle a fire but it surprised her to see that the loaf of bread that they received wasn't a stale one. It was golden brown and when Gale ripped a piece off, she could see that the inside held bits of dried fruit and nuts. "Could we afford this?" she asked him after they fed each other their pieces. "It was a present." Katniss took a deep breath and ran a hand through her hair. She could do this. She smoothed the front of her nightgown—a simple white linen made by Prim and her mother. Her hands shook nervously and it wasn't until this moment that she realized how naïve she was about relationships between men and women. She had seen Gale naked once. They used to sneak off to swim in the small pond behind the wire fence that bordered their District. They had been children at that time so she never thought much about his body. Then last year, Gale had kissed her and his hand had traveled to cup her breast. She had no problem with it because she knew Gale knew his limits. He had kept his hand there until their lips pulled apart and left it at that. "Katniss?" Gale knocked on the bathroom door. "You okay?" "Yes!" She patted her hair down. "I'll be right out." When Katniss entered the room, she found Gale standing by the bed. He looked her over and grinned. "You look beautiful." Her mouth was dry when she replied. "Thanks." As he walked towards her, Katniss tried not to shake. She was suddenly desperate to go home and be tucked into bed with her sister as they told each other about their days. It never hit her how much she was going to be giving up marrying Gale; her childhood, her innocence, her confidant and sister. Something inside her began to hurt. Gale lifted her chin and he studied her eyes for a moment before brushing the tear that fell helplessly down her cheek. "We don't have to do this tonight," he said after a moment. "I don't expect anything of you or us. This is our marriage—we can make our own rules." Katniss felt the relief rush through her and she nodded giving him a small smile. Leading Katniss to her side of the bed, Gale pulled the blanket back and let her lay down before covering her. Kissing her forehead, he went to his side and got into bed next to her. She was no longer scared. Gale would never hurt her. He gave her a small smile. "Good night, Katniss." Gale blew out the lone candle that lit the room and then laid back. She entwined her hand in his as she fell into a peaceful slumber. Year Two When their first year of marriage ended and the second one started, Katniss was still as innocent as she was the day of their wedding. No one questioned why there was no baby conceived the previous year and she had settled into a peaceful life of being Gale's wife. They still did the same things. They hunted and sold game to the Merchants. They went to festivals and people would comment on how wonderful they looked together. Every night, however, they would get into bed and Gale would kiss her forehead but never attempt to touch her. Katniss began to wonder if there was something wrong with her. She had a decent figure, her breasts were a good size in comparison to the other Seam girls, and her hips were full, which was considered desirable. Yet, she was still a virgin. Four months passed and her eighteenth birthday came. The whole family assembled at the Everdeen home to celebrate. Her sister was fourteen now and looked like a blooming rose; her cheeks flushed and her blue eyes beaming as she presented the cake to Katniss. "This is too much," Katniss told her as Prim placed the cake in front of her. "Please don't tell me that you made this." "Of course not," Prim replied with a bright smile. "I got it from the Mellark bakery. It's your eighteenth birthday—this is a special year." Gale kissed her cheek and she looked up at him in surprise—he was rarely affectionate in public. "It's a nice cake—as far as cakes go." She beamed back at him and he placed a single candle in the middle for her to blow out. "Make it a good one." She wished for a better year. "I hope you were wishing for a baby, Katniss," Hazelle said as she began to slice the cake. "I'd love to hold a little one before the year is over." Her eyes met Gale's and he handed her a plate to put the slice on. "Mom, we're not rushing it." "I'm just saying," his mother remarked. "I was already expecting you a month after your father and I toasted." She looked over at Katniss' mother. "I'm sure that you want the same thing—a baby with Katniss' beautiful hair and eyes." "Of course," Katniss' mother replied. However, there was something else lurking behind her answer. "She is still very young, however." "People are starting to talk," Vick remarked. "Especially since Madge Undersee just got married and is already expecting a little one. Some people are wondering if maybe something is wrong." "Like what?" Katniss put her fork down. "It's just mindless gossip," Prim said shooting a glare at her brother-in-law. "Now let's just forget about it. Rory, help me get the presents for Katniss." The night ended in a strange tone. When Gale went to walk his family home, Katniss' mother pulled her aside. They sat by the fireplace and her mother looked Katniss over. "He's never touched you," she pronounced. "Of course he has!" "Don't lie to me, Katniss," her mother responded and took her hands. "I can see it in your eyes. You're just as chaste as the day you married Gale." Katniss bowed her head. "That first night, I was so scared," she said quietly. "I think I scared him off." Her mother lifted her chin. "Do you think you're ready to try again?" Katniss nodded resolutely. "Then tonight maybe you should tell him that you want to try for a baby. Show him that you're desirable—convince him that you want him more than anything else in the world." "How?" "I don't know." Her mother shrugged as she looked into her eyes. "Only you can unlock that secret in your husband. It's a wife's instinct." A wife's instinct. She should know what Gale wanted from her. "Gale?" She approached him carefully as she walked to their bed. He was already waiting for her to join him with a calm smile. "I was thinking that maybe we should try—for a baby." A frown formed at his mouth. "Don't listen to my mother—" "It's not that," she interrupted and crawled into their bed. Turning to face him, she rested her bottom on the soles of her feet. "After our first night, you just never—" Katniss tried to form the words but her tongue seemed glued to the roof of her mouth. Taking a deep breath, she did the one thing that could possibly help. Slowly, she slid one of thin straps of her nightgown off her shoulder then did the same to the other side. Once they were off, she tugged the top down slowly revealing herself to him. Katniss held her breath the entire time as Gale examined her. She waited for him to reach for her; to touch her, to do something. "Don't do this." His hand reached over and she exhaled when he slipped the straps of her gown back on her shoulders. "I thought you were the kind of person who never let anyone tell them what to do. You never cared what people thought—" "I care what you think, Gale," she suddenly said. "I'm yours. You're mine." He seemed taken aback by the statement. They stared at one another for a moment before he was getting out of bed and throwing his pants back on. "Where are you going—" "Out," he stated tersely throwing his hunting jacket on. "Your present is in the closet." With that, he was gone. Katniss sat confused. What had just happened? She always thought she knew Gale—his