Didn't think you would ever see one of these again, right? The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. There are some little babies that do belong to me, though. Thank you to Chelzie, my dearest beta, who must deal with the cray that is my writing. I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who's read "Two Wrongs" and all other one-shots from this universe. This is dedicated to you. " Don't you draw the queen of diamonds, boy She'll beat you if she's able You know the queen of hearts is always your best bet…" -The Eagles From the POV of our wonderful patriarch, Mr. Mellark. This takes place a little over six months after "Resolutions". Desperado By JLaLa Daly City, CA "My God, this baby is heavy," Katniss tells my son as we walk up the crowded block. "I feel like I'm about to drop the thing on the concrete." She looks over at Peeta. "I swear—no more." "Sure, sis," Prim, my daughter, says with a laugh. "Try saying that in a few months when you realize how wonderful your husband's washboard abs are and then decide to push him up against a bakery oven." "That was a secret, Prim!" Prim looks over at her fiancé, Cato, who is carrying my granddaughter, India, or Indy as we call her— to see if she is looking at them and she is. Instead, Prim turns her index, middle and ring fingers out horizontally. "Read between the lines." Her diamond engagement ring sparkles in the evening fog. "That's for telling everyone about the Mayes Oyster Bar incident during the engagement party!" "Okay, Primmy," Peeta says as he rubs Katniss' back. "We're sorry, okay?" "Sorry doesn't get my granny panties off their website!" "Where is the house?" Cato asks suddenly as we round the rows of interconnected houses. Structurally, the houses are all the same: square fronts with two large rectangular windows, metal gates and large garages. They are painted different colors, though in the fog, it is hard to decipher the colors or the home numbers on the dimly lit signs. " Ba de ya - say do you remember Ba de ya - dancing in September Ba de ya - never was a cloudy day…" The music comes from the house directly across the street from us. It's a faded yellow with cars parked in the driveway, in front of the driveway and along the wire fence. I can hear the sounds of laughter and from the brightly lit windows, I see people walking about. It is Carrie's father Rogelio's 60th birthday, and we—the Mellarks—have been invited to attend. Carrie, my daughter-in-law, insisted. For someone so small, she could look ten feet tall if she needed to and that's how we all found ourselves here. "I think we follow the 'Earth, Wind, and Fire,'" I tell them with a smile. "I'm starving," Katniss says as she rubs her enormous belly. "Two more weeks, right?" She looks over at Peeta with a smile. "Two more," he assures her before kissing her. It is hard to believe that Katniss and Peeta ended up married. Both were great commitment phobes; Peeta loved to play the field, except for that train wreck of a girlfriend in high school, and Katniss was with Marvel, who ended up with my son, Rye. Yes, my son. Their daughter, Sonny, is in elementary school now. "Let me call Carrie." Prim reaches for her phone as we get to the front of the house, but stops when she sees that the garage is opening. Inside, square tables are set-up with a group of four playing mah-jong. We walk inside hearing the sounds of tiles being tossed about. "What is this?" Cato says as he walks to one of the tables. One of the players, an older woman, looks up at him and winks. Prim takes his hand and leads him away. "Oh no, sweetheart, you can't play that game." "HEY GUYS!" I look over to see Rye at the last table with a neatly lined set of tiles in front of him. He looks down at his line before tossing one of the tiles in the middle, then taking one more. "You know how to play this game?" Peeta asks as we all walk up to him. "No, I know how to win this game—MAH-JONG!" Everyone at the table groans as Rye takes the beer in his hand and sips it before he reveals his hand: sets of three in sequential order with the last set of tiles in a pair—all of them are circles. "How long have you been playing this game?" I ask him, taking the beer from his hand to take a sip then look at the label-San Miguel. "Rogelio taught me before everyone got here," he explains. "Apparently, I forgot about the—what's it called again?" He looks over at the girl in front of him. She looks about Prim's age with Carrie's tanned complexion and long dark hair with interlacing blond highlights. "Filipino time," the girl replies, then smiles at all of us. "I'm Cora—Carrie's cousin. They're all upstairs and so is the food." "Food?" Katniss' face lights up and she is rushing upstairs. She can move unbelievably fast for a pregnant woman. Peeta picks up Indy and kisses her cheek. "We'd better go get Mommy." "Mommy is scary when she's hungry," Indy tells me. I laugh and then kiss her forehead. "I can only imagine." Walking up the stairs, I look at the pictures on the wall. Carrie was an only child, so she is on full display in various stages of growing up. I grin to myself when I see one of her and Rhiannon—my late wife. I miss her every day. She was the first to breakthrough to Carrie when she and Wheaton were at the point of breaking up. I don't know if we would be here had it not been for her. It's not easy losing your partner. You wake up every day expecting to turn around and find them sleeping next to you. It's a harsh reality when your hand reaches out to touch cool sheets. "Dad." I turn to see Wheaton, my oldest boy, on the same step as me. He gives me a tired smile and I can see anxiety behind it. I give him a hug and then look at the picture. "They're both lovely, aren't they?" He smiles and puts an arm around me. "They always will be." I look him over. "It's weird not seeing you in a suit and tie," I remark as we walk up the stairs. Wheaton is in a pair of jeans and a black hooded Giants sweater. His usually slicked back hair is tousled and on his feet is a pair of black and orange Nike low-top sneakers. "It's not that kind of party," he replies. The place is crowded. In the living room, there are people sitting on the couches and against the walls in foldable chairs. A large flat screen in the corner of the room displays the moving lyrics as an older man sings along to Frank Sinatra's 'My Way'. The crowd sings with him. Through an open doorway across from us, I can see Katniss in the kitchen with a plate in her hand. She is scooping some golden brown liquid from a pot onto a plate of white rice. We walk over to her and look into the pot. "What is it?" I ask. "So good," she says. "It's called—Auntie, what is this called?" She looks over to the woman next to her who is putting handmade rolls in a deep fryer. The woman is in her fifties with thick, dark hair piled in a heavy bun and dark lined eyes. "It's called Kare-Kare," the woman tells her. "Don't eat the tripe, Anak. It's not good for the baby. Is this your Papa?" "Yes, this is my Dad." "Tom Mellark." I hold out my hand. She moves away from the deep fryer and pulls me in for a hug. "We're family!" she says, her accent making the 'f' sound like a 'p'. "I'm Lorna, Carrie's auntie. Did you eat yet? I cooked for the party." I shake my head and she leads me out of the kitchen and into the dining room. On the table are aluminum trays of food, I look into each then at Lorna. She smiles and I can see Carrie's familiar grin. Everything smells delicious, but I feel awkward and unsure about what to do. My children seem to have acclimated themselves into the crowd. I can see Peeta feeding Indy some noodles in a chair by the windows. Prim and Cato are talking to a group of women who are examining her ring. "I'm not sure what anything is," I tell Lorna awkwardly. "Tita Lorna!" I turn to see Carrie rushing towards us breathlessly. "I think you'd better check on the lumpia—it might be burning." "Help your Papa," she tells my daughter-in-law and then rushes to the kitchen. Carrie turns to me—tiredness in her eyes. "Hey, Dad. Thanks for coming." She gives me a hug. "You okay?" She waves her hand. "Of course! Just being the good hostess—anyway, this is pancit bihon." She points at the dish of thin clear noodles with meat and vegetables, then scoops some onto my plate. "Then this is—" "Embutido—it's like a meatloaf." I look up to see Prim across the table. She points to some fried rolls. "That's Lumpia Shanghai." She continues down the table. "Then that's kaldereta, pork sisig—" She looks up to see Carrie and me gaping at her. Cato is to her right, while Peeta is staring up at her from his seat. Prim shrugs. "What? I know a lot of Filipino nurses and we share lunches—now where's the lechon?" "It's like I don't even know you," Cato says as he stares at her. She takes a piece of lumpia and puts it in his mouth. "What did we miss?" Katniss says as she walks out of the kitchen. Her plate is filled again, but she is scooping everything else onto her plate in minutes. Wheaton, who refills the tray of lumpia, meets Carrie's eyes for a moment. They communicate silently before she walks away and he goes back to the kitchen. I know instantly that something is wrong. And for the first time, my wife is not there to make everything okay again. I walk into the quiet backyard where I find Rogelio sitting under a tarp tent where a long table is set up. He is fiddling with a guitar and when he sees me, he calls me over. "Thanks for coming, boss." He stands slowly to hug me before reaching down and taking out a Corona bottle to give me. "Sit with me." "Why aren't you inside?" I ask as I twist the cap off. A bowl of limes sits on the table, so I take a slice and squeeze the juice out before pushing it through the bottle opening. Taking a sip, I relish in the crisp taste of it mixing in with the pancit I ate. I need that recipe. "I like it out here," he replies. Rogelio nods his head over at the fire pit to the far end where a whole pig is being roasted on a spit in a manmade pit. "Also, I have to make sure that they pay attention—OY!" Two men in their mid-twenties turn to him guiltily before going to each side to rotate the pig. "Sorry, Tito." "Tito?" "It means uncle," he replies. "Why are you out here?" "I needed some fresh air," I say. "Have you noticed that there's something going on between Wheaton and Carrie?" He shook his head. "Have you noticed that Marvel isn't here?" I shake my head. "Carrie said that they got in a fight." "Over what?" He shrugs. "Sometimes, I'm not sure I really know our