The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Thank you to Chelzie for being an awesome beta—and getting this done! Lazy By JLaLa " Haymitch! Get the camera—I finally have them all cleaned up and ready!" She was always about the pictures. Grumbling, Haymitch sat up from his recliner and walked over to the small side table across the room. The drawer of the second hand table creaked as he reached in and grabbed their ancient camera—Effie had paid five dollars for the damn thing. She was frugal when she wanted to be. Stepping outside, he watched her fuss over the six wriggling children. From the tallest to the smallest, Effie went through and wiped any smudges from their faces, then fixed their hair. " Effie, why do we have to do this?" Annie, the smallest of the bunch, asked. Her large green eyes peeked through dark, unruly hair which Effie was always trying to fix. It always looked slightly disheveled no matter what she did. " Because I want to take a picture of my children," Effie replied cheerily and kissed her forehead. "It's a big,big,big day for us!" They had tried for five years before the doctors had told them that Effie couldn't conceive. She took it with a gentle smile that faded quickly when they went to bed that same night. His heart broke for her but he would've been a shitty father anyway. But Effie would've made a damn fine mother. So they decided to open a foster home. He had suggested it—because he couldn't stand to hear her cry. " Can we get this over with?" Gale, the tallest one, stomped his feet. He wasn't the oldest but his hard glare made everyone quiet down. " Alright, alright, darling boy," Effie said soothingly as she walked to him. Putting her arm around the boy's shoulders, she looked over at Haymitch and gave him a dazzling smile. "You can take the picture." " Okay." Haymitch moved an eye over the viewer. "Say 'cheese' or some shit like that!" " Haymitch-no cursing! Little ears!" He loved teasing her. " CHEESE!" The kids bellowed. CLICK. TEN YEARS LATER Effie always thought he was lazy. But with her now gone, he set out to prove her wrong. Looking over the foreclosure letter again, he took another swig of bourbon before crumbling the piece of paper and throwing it to the ground. Snow was finally getting what he wanted—he was closing the last foster home in the District. Now all homeless, parentless children of Panem would be going to a state of the art 'facility' in the Capitol. Facility—more like a prison. When Effie read the news last year, it was the beginning of the end for her. The cancer that grew in her spread like wildfire in only three months and before he knew it—she was gone. He could hardly breathe thinking about it. There were only three children left in his care: Rory, Primrose, and Rue. He loved them all the best he could, but he had very little help from the Capitol so the place was going to shit. Looking over at the bare spot where his wedding ring was, Haymitch felt his eyes burn. He had to sell it—Prim was getting a cough. They needed the medicine and some soup. Putting his head down on the desk, he tried to stop the overwhelming need to open another bottle. He didn't want to think anymore. " Get off your ass and do something, lazybones!" He sat up quickly and looked around—she still haunted him. His eyes caught a glint of gold—a picture frame in the corner of their office. Unsteadily, he pushed himself up from the worn desk chair and walked over to it. The color on the picture had faded, but her smile still shone through. He knew what he had to do. He had to find them. When Haymitch found his way back to his desk, he pulled out a legal pad and began writing his list: Johanna Mason Gale Hawthorne Annie Cresta Finnick Odair Peeta Mellark Katniss Everdeen Johanna Mason was the easiest to find. She had made her fortune in the Capitol as a computer programmer. Effie had been quite proud of the tough-as-nails girl. Haymitch knew better. Johanna was clever—always had been since she had come to them years ago. Her family had been killed because her father made some shady deals with some very rich businessmen. She was in school when they told her that her mother, father and younger brother were burned alive in their small home. Now she was getting her revenge. "Mr. Abernathy?" the receptionist called out to him. "Miss Mason will see you now." Standing up, he gave the receptionist a nod before opening the door and entering the swanky office. The room smelled faintly of burnt wood with floor to ceiling windows on each side of the room. And there before him stood Johanna—with her razor sharp bob and black business suit. "Well, I'll be damned," she said, her voice low and teasing. "I never thought I'd see you in the Capitol." Rushing over, Johanna threw her arms around him and he was engulfed in the exotic scent that she wore. It was like opium. "You're looking good, kid," he replied with a small smile. "And I can see that you're doing well." "More than okay—actually," she informed him with a grin. "Just acquired a new client—now that Cray has been let go." "Cray?" Haymitch guffawed as he sat in the plush chair in front of her. "He was practically running this building—what the hell happened?" Johanna sat on her desk across from him and smiled benignly. "Let's just say someone found some rather confidential information on his hard drive." There it was. Johanna was always obsessed with breaking things open and putting them together. Effie would buy her books about building things, especially electronics. Before she was taken from them, Johanna knew how to fix and disassemble anything in their house. She also had a nasty habit of hacking into computers—and found some rather risqué photos that he had taken with Effie during their newlywed days. "So what can I do for you?" she asked with her arms crossed. "Effie's gone, you know," he told her softly. Johanna gasped and Haymitch saw the hard façade fade from her body. "It's been about a year." "Why didn't you tell me?" "She didn't want any of the kids to know," Haymitch said. "My last three kids are heartbroken—they lost their mama and so did you. Also, Snow is closing our place down." Her eyes hardened immediately. "Damned if I'll ever let that happen." Johanna agreed with his plan right away. He thought the next one would be harder to find. Fortunately, Johanna managed to "find" some Capitol files with his last known address. Walking over to the back of the building, Haymitch knocked twelve times—and the door opened quickly. "What do you want?" the tall, olive skinned man asked. He was dressed in a shirt that was way too tight for his bulging muscles and the glare of the light from the inside shone on his bald head. "Tell your boss that the 'Victor' is here," he replied. When Gale was a kid, he loved to play chess with Haymitch. He was obsessed with winning. Especially since every win got him a dollar from his foster father. His family had been dirt poor—they had all been taken by pneumonia when Gale had come to them. He was a surly boy and was constantly in need of something. He always needed more hugs from Effie or more food than the other kids. Gale knew how to get what he wanted. By the time he was taken from them, Gale could ramble off probability stats for any sports team or any race like a pro. He also never lost a game against any of the kids. Finnick and Gale almost killed each other over a game of football once. But he never won a chess game against Haymitch—so the older man was forever the 'Victor' to him. The security guard spoke into his headset then turn to him right away. "Go right in, sir." "Thanks—what's your name?" "Brutus." The man wasn't so scary now—there was a hint of fear in his eyes. Strolling past the guard, he walked down the hallway towards the singular door. Before he could knock, Haymitch heard the familiar drawl of Gale Hawthorne's voice. "Come in already!" Opening the door, Haymitch was greeted by the handsome, tanned man who was once his foster son. Gale jumped from his seat and rushed over to him. "Haymitch! You son of a bitch! How the hell are you?" His face lit up as he lifted the older man in a robust hug. Damn, Gale was strong. The room was plain. Grey walls and no windows—but there were television screens –three to each wall that were playing some sort of game or track race. "I'm great, boy," Haymitch replied affectionately. "What the hell do you have here?" "Just doing what I do best—winning." It was then that Haymitch noticed that they weren't alone. A nervous young man sat on the couch adjacent to them. He was a handsome fellow—golden haired and chiseled but there was something in his eyes. "I was just telling Gloss here about how easy it is to win," Gale said. "You see, Gloss is in love but the girl of his dreams is a little out of his league. A debutante, right?" "Yeah," Gloss replied breathlessly. "Enobaria Franklin." "Oh, I've seen her in the Capitol magazine—she's a beaut." Gale walked over to the couch and put an arm around Gloss. Haymitch knew Gale's game and he tried to keep a straight face. "You give me that thousand and I turn it to millions," Gale continued. "Imagine it-you could give that girl everything she wants and her family will BEG you to marry her." Gale sure knew how to paint a pretty picture when he wanted to. "Cash or check?" Gloss asked, his eyes suddenly glowing with excitement. "Cash—best not to trace anything back to you." The deal was done in ten seconds and Gloss was gone—dreaming of the wedding that would probably never happen. "How much did you make off that boy?" Haymitch asked, once they were alone. "Probably about two mil," Gale replied off-handedly. "I heard what happened with Snow—I'm in." That's why he liked Gale—no hesitation as long as he got something out of it—money, power, as long as it was in his favor. "Want to play a game?" Haymitch asked after he explained his plan. Gale reached under the couch and pulled out Haymitch's old chess set, then grinned at him. "Thought you'd never ask." "I knew that buying that chemistry set would come in handy." Haymitch wasn't surprised that Annie Cresta had become such a beautiful woman. She was always a pretty little girl. The problem was that her Daddy thought that she was real pretty, too. She came to them slightly jittery on a cold November night with only a torn dress and bruises on her wrists—restraints from the old man. For the first six months, no one but Effie could touch her. Effie had been patient with the little girl and slowly Annie had opened up to each of them. Annie, however, always needed to please people and coddle them. She made Johanna anything that she wanted to eat, or helped Finnick with his homework even when instructed not to. "Haymitch!" Annie gave him a shaky laugh and rushed into his arms. She was still a tiny thing. "How you doing, sweetheart?" This part of the kitchen was all Annie's—no one was allowed in because of the sensitivity of the ingredients. At least, that's what the staff told the patrons of 'Waves Bistro'. "I'm alright." Annie pulled away after a moment. She patted down her