For the anon on Tumblr who wanted 'Everlark, whose families hate one another and in turn, they hate each other too'. The characters of The Hunger Games Trilogy do not belong to me. Green Crayon, Orange Crayon "Come back here!" There was a slam of the screen door and furious footsteps. "Katniss Everdeen! You stop right there!" The dark-haired teenager turned to her best friend, a scowl on her olive face and her lips pressed in a hard line. "What?" "It's just a project," Gale said as he stepped out of his house. "It's only two weeks and, after that, we graduate. Everyone moves on and you two don't have to see each other again." "But, it's Peeta Mellark," Katniss emphasized. "I don't talk to Mellarks." "Yeah, which is the dumbest thing that I've ever heard," her friend responded. "It's not even your fight." "So your Dad says," she retorted. "My Dad hates Luke Mellark and vice-versa. You know my Dad. He's the nicest guy in the world and gets along with everyone." "Obviously not everyone." Gale sat on the front porch of his house and she followed suit. "Peeta isn't his Dad, either. I think that you need to get to know him before you decide to kick him in the face." "Fine," she grumbled. "But, we have to work here—on neutral ground." "Deal. Now get the hell off my porch." Katniss turned to see Gale beaming at her. "I was just joking! Lighten up!" She kicked some dirt onto his pants before heading next door to her own house. "Mom?" Lena Everdeen put down the hairbrush as Katniss turned to her on the bed. "What's up?" "Why don't Dad and Mr. Mellark get along?" she asked. It was common knowledge that the men couldn't stand each other. District 12 was a small town on the border of Virginia and North Carolina but it was not without its drama—the Everdeen/Mellark feud being a majority of it. "I guess you're old enough to be told about it," her mother responded. "Wait here." Her mother walked out of her room and Katniss waited in curious anticipation. Since she could remember, she wasn't allowed to interact with any Mellark. So it had been a harsh reality when she was in grade school and first met Peeta Mellark. They were in the same first grade class and shared crayons their crayons. He liked the orange ones and Katniss liked the greens, so they always saved the colors for one another. It had all changed one day when her Dad found Peeta with her on the swings. He had plucked Katniss from her seat and told her that she wasn't allowed to talk to 'that Mellark boy'. No explanation, just forbiddance. Katniss adored her father so she didn't question his words. But, it was hard to ignore Peeta's hurt face when she sat on the opposite side of their classroom. Her table partners were greedy little assholes, too. They took all the crayons. She never forgave Clove and Marvel for never giving her the good colors. Her mother returned, holding a book out to her. "A yearbook?" she responded, her eyebrows raised. Her mother sat next to her. "Turn it to the last page." Katniss did as she was told, finding a picture of her teenage mother and father along with a teenage Mr. Mellark and another girl. The only difference was that her mother was with Mr. Mellark and her father was with the other woman, a blonde with familiar blue eyes. "Who is that?" she asked, pointing to the woman. "That is Tessa Briggs, otherwise known as—" "Tessa Mellark," Katniss finished. "So you and Mr. Mellark were…" "We were high school sweethearts," her mother said. "Luke and I were together for all four years of high school. Your Dad and Tessa were together. We were also the officers of the Student Government. Your Dad and Luke were President and Vice-President, while I was Secretary and Tessa was Treasurer. We were all best friends." "Then what happened?" "Your Dad and I were in the Glee Club." Her mom's eyes were far off, the dreaminess of her memories causing her voice to go soft. "And, we had a part together in the end-of-the-year show. Your Dad's voice, Katniss—we sang one song together and that was it. I knew that he was the man that I would spend the rest of my life with." "So you broke up with Mr. Mellark?" "We were going to tell Tessa and Luke after graduation," her mom explained. "But…they caught us." Katniss looked at her. "Caught you?" "Prom night…your father looked so handsome and we somehow found ourselves alone—" "Gross!" She put her hand up. "Please don't go any further!" Her mother chuckled. "Why all the questions?" "Gale and I are stuck with Peeta as part of our group for Miss Trinket's history class," Katniss informed her. "Don't worry, he's not coming here. We're meeting next door at the Hawthorne house where Gale can make sure that Peeta and I don't murder each other." "I'm sure that Peeta is a good kid." Her mother grabbed the hairbrush to continue detangling Katniss' tough mane. "I don't regret choosing your father and I love him just as much as I did when we were kids. I think it worked out for the best—because now we have you and Prim. Luke and Tessa have their boys. It was just what was meant to be. I'm just sorry that your Dad and Luke aren't friends anymore because they were a terrific team." "I guess so," Katniss responded. "Who knows?" her mother said with a smile. "Maybe you, Gale, and Peeta will make a much better team." "I doubt it." Katniss turned to her mother once more, a grim smile on her lips. "I never got over the time that Peeta pulled my skirt up in third grade." "You were kids!" Her mother laughed, wrapping her arms around Katniss and giving her a kiss. "But, if he tries to do it again..." "I'll have my bow and arrows ready." Stepping out onto her porch, Katniss bit back a groan seeing the single blond figure standing on Gale's porch. Squaring her shoulders, she approached and nodded at Peeta before joining him. "Hey," Peeta greeted, his blue eyes looking her over. "Hey." Her eyes narrowed at his examination. "Is there a problem?" "Forget it." He turned to knock on the door. "I don't even know why I bother with you." "I wasn't exactly raising my hand to let you into our group," she blurted out. Peeta turned back to her, his blue eyes cool. "I wasn't exactly volunteering to be in your group." He glared at her. "I'm here to get my A, graduate, and get the hell out of this town so I don't have to see you!" "Same here!" "Hey guys!" Gale stepped onto the porch, a bright yet nervous smile on his face. "Come on in. My mom made snacks!" Peeta gave her friend a smile and walked into the open door, but not before shaking his head at Katniss. "You couldn't even hang for five minutes?" Gale asked her. "No, I seriously couldn't," she responded. Putting an arm around her, her best friend led her into the house. Two weeks later… "Hey." Katniss turned to see Peeta approaching her, his burgundy graduation robe flowing behind him. She remained in her place, her eyes looking over his green tie, button down, and pressed slacks. Self-consciously, Katniss decided to forego opening her graduation gown. Her dress was second-hand but her Mom had it altered to fit her perfectly. "Hey, Peeta," she greeted, her voice neutral. "Congratulations." "You, too." He gave her a tentative smile. "I just wanted to say that when we weren't arguing, it was cool working with you." "Thanks." Katniss managed to smile back. "You, too." "Gale tells me that you're going to Panem University," Peeta said. "I'll be going there, too. Maybe I'll see you around." "Yeah, maybe." She held out her hand to him. "Good luck, Peeta." Peeta took her hand and shook it, his grasp warm and spreading a tingle through her skin. "Katniss!" Prim, her little sister, approached. Her long, golden braid flew behind her and she grinned as she reached her sister. "Mom and Dad are looking for you. We have to take pictures!" "Peeta!" Katniss looked to see a tall, golden-haired man and a petite blonde standing a few feet away. She could see their stiff stances even from where she stood. Katniss was the perfect combination of their former friends—her mother's almond eyes but her father's olive coloring and dark hair. "Who's this?" Prim asked, eyeing the boy in front of them. "This is…my friend…Peeta," Katniss rolled out slowly and the boy brightened at her words. "Peeta, this is my little sister Prim." "Nice to meet you," Peeta told her sister. He cringed hearing his mother's call. "I better get going." Katniss waved, her arm around Prim. "See you around, Peeta." He smiled one last time. "See you around." Turning, the two sisters walked back into the auditorium. "He was kind of cute," Prim remarked. "I mean, I'm 14. I don't have a chance. But, you—" Katniss laughed. "Don't even start." Two Years Later… "Peeta Mellark!" Katniss sauntered over as he entered the house, her steps graceful despite the red cup of alcohol in her hand. He approached leaving his dorm mates Thresh and Cato to fend for themselves. She was clearly tipsy, judging by her happiness seeing him. That senior year had been an eye-opener for him. Peeta never understood why Katniss had suddenly stopped talking to him when they were kids. It took him urging his mother to reveal what had happened between his father and Ian Everdeen. The story hurt—to know that his father had loved Lena Everdeen, née Baines, before his mother. However, it turned out to be alright because his mother and father eventually turned a friendship into love. The problem was just a factor of hurt pride on both sides. Knowing this, Peeta was able to temper his annoyance over Katniss' aloofness. She eventually warmed up to him, even shaking his hand during their graduation. Even then, he couldn't deny that he had felt something after all that time apart. "If it isn't Katniss Everdeen," he greeted and jokingly held out his arms. "Hug?" "Oh, why not!" She dove into his chest, smelling of vodka and sweet flowers with her full breasts pressing against him. "Peeta…even now you still smell like sugar and spice…" "And, everything nice," he finished for her. "You know how long I've waited for you to be nice to me?" "What can I give you?" she teased. "The orange crayons?" "Sure." Peeta could see that she was teetering on her heels and red skater dress. "You want to go get some air?" "With you?" Katniss beamed at him before taking another sip from her cup. "Always." He led her towards the back porch, passing his roommates. "You work fast," Cato remarked. "Not really," Peeta responded. Katniss looked to Cato and Thresh. "Did you know that when we were kids, this guy…" Her cup wavered over to Peeta. "…pulled my skirt up?" Her free hand went to the hem of her skirt. "I was so pissed at him. Now—" She grinned at the two boys as Cato and Thresh held in their laughter. "I just might let him pull it up again." "Alrighty, Everdeen." Peeta wrapped an arm around her waist. "You need a break." Together, they stepped out onto the back porch finding an empty seat in the corner of it. He helped her sit before joining her, trying to ignore the fact that her skirt was riding up and showing off her tanned, toned thighs. He could almost imagine taking a bite out of them... God, he really needed to get laid. Peeta had resolved to put her out of his mind as soon