My birthday begins with my mother's screams. In the moments before they begin, the house is already alive with noise. Cinna is downstairs; his spoon makes soft clinking noises against his cup of coffee. My brother's voice mixes with his quiet tones, their loud whispers rising and falling. They reach me from two angles; the open door that reveals the grand wooden staircase, and the open window that greets my opening eyes. The tree is there, still so sturdy and strong. My father hadn't let them cut it down when construction on this house began. I was born first, so I was given the privilege of the bedroom that it guards. The tree's leaves are bright and shimmering with dew in the new light of day. A raven flits among the backdrop of branches, the great-great-grand-bird of those that lived here long before my family and the forefather of those that will likely be here long after us. I'm considering for the millionth time if one of the raven feathers would ever show up well in my hair, black as it is, when the first wail sounds. The first one always starts off slow, haunted, and closer to a sob than a scream. It is the alarm clock of this and every Reaping Day; my mother will cry out for lost children, in agony at her inability to save them, and then they will torture her into screams for her shortcomings. The pattern carries out as it always does; I lie in bed, watching the sun splinter into shadows as it filters through the tree. Cinna continues to talk to my brother in the same calm tones. Meanwhile, the rest of the house scrambles into chaos. My father is already yelling over the noise of my mother's cries. His words are always the same, all you're safe, it's not real, not real, not real, wake up love . Effie scurries from her guest bedroom, the one across the hall from mine. She sprints past the door, still spry as ever. A long red scarf flies from the ends of her long golden hair as she dashes past my open door. She manages to turn her head as she runs, greet me with a smile and a good morning Emmie darling, big day today, before she is gone. In the next second, I hear her consoling my mother, recommending pills I know she won't take. I take in the peace of my room one last time, because I know it won't be long now. There's the window, wide open and streaming green light and black shadow. Next to it is the old rocking chair Gale made for my mother when she was pregnant with me, carved with mockingjays by hand. The Capitol tabloids had somehow gotten ahold of the picture of it when she was eight months along; mockingjay rocking chairs had become all the rage, filling every nursery in the city that year. My mother had been so furious about it she'd had to be confined to bed rest the last three weeks of her final trimester. Now, a blanket hand-sewn with flutterfires, equally as old, rested across the back. The orange, red, gold glittering thread still shines. It had been a gift from Effie when I was still a toddler, when flutterfires weren't very well known. A new Capitol creation , Effie had said with a smile. She loved bringing back news of beautiful things, conveniently leaving out how destructive the flutterfires really were. One or two in an area was okay; the most they could do was singe. But get many in one place, and suddenly an inferno sprang to life, devouring everything in its path. I stare now at the flutterfires on the old quilted blanket that are deceptively designed to look like small delicate red butterflies; the wooden mockingjays; my father's mural of a beautiful sunrise on my walls. Reds, pinks, oranges, yellows, colors I can't quite name but have known my whole life, swirl on the walls. The sun constantly rises above the horizon of my headboard. "I know you're awake, sweet pea," Granddad Haymitch smirks from the doorway. "So?" My mother is quieting down, her screams fading into stifled whimpers. I know her hand is over her own mouth, her effort monumental in her strain to choke them back. "You know you'd better get up and eat something before Celine swoops in here to doll you up." I do know this, and yet I do not move. Today will be a long day of standing in front of cameras in the prettiest parts of Twelve, waving and smiling. After the Reaping, I'll be interviewed about my relationships to and knowledge of the poor children chosen. I'll lie through my teeth. Oh they're wonderful, so smart and strong! Twelve definitely has a winner this year. I groan and cover my head with my golden comforter. "Alright, but don't ask Effie for snacks. There's no room in that bag of hers this year. Couldn't talk her out of taking a small one; she's loyal to the minimalist trend." "The minimalist trend my mother started ten years ago. " Granddad shrugs, the movement causing his long hair to fall back over his shoulder. His beard is almost as long now; it has more gray in it than it used to. I know the movement to mean she's loyal to your mother. Effie had been thrilled when, after the glamor of having children had waned on the Capitol consumers, my mother had chosen design as her talent. Granted, I don't think Effie had counted on it being home design , and minimalist at that, but over the years it had seeped into clothing trends, makeup patterns, tattoos. Celine bounds up the stairs as my mother falls entirely silent. Her grin shines in her face. She's already dressed entirely in black, one thin golden line of eyeliner her only accessory. "Happy birthday! Wake up, Emmie!" "I am awake." "Dad is making Rowan some bacon. If you let me get started, you might be able to snag some before we head out." I listen carefully, and in fact I can hear Cinna clattering a pan about, and my brother's cheerful rambling, both louder now that the panic on this floor is over. I consider my options carefully, and then decide that since I must participate in this day I might as well do it on a full stomach. "Fine." I roll onto my side, and then out from under the blanket into the cool air of morning. Celine pounces in an instant, dragging me to my wardrobe on the far end of the room. Besides my vanity, which Cinna had insisted on purchasing me when I turned thirteen, it is the only other piece of furniture in my room. She takes a garment bag down, plain and unassuming besides the mockingjay logo that has become the unofficial seal of Twelve. A tattoo of the same glints darker than her skin on the back of her shoulder, but it is covered under a layer of black fabric today. I miss the sight of it, new as it is. She'd gifted the tattoo to herself for her eighteenth birthday, only a week before mine. "This is your last Reaping," Celine says unnecessarily, as though I could forget. My parents have been holding their breaths for weeks, as they usually do before this day, but this time their eyes linger a little longer on me. I understand that they're stunned to have kept me alive this far. My Reap-less record doesn't uncoil the fear in the pit of my stomach. Celine unzips the bag sleekly, revealing the outfit I hadn't bothered to look at last night. The tension in me dissipates slightly as I realize it's not a dress; the first time in eighteen years I haven't worn a dress on Reaping Day. Instead, there's a pair of slim beige slacks, and a blue silk shirt that's almost gray. Small glittering buttons hold the front together. It has sleeves long enough to hide the mockingjay symbol tattoo just above the bend of my left arm. Still inside the wardrobe are the new leather silver boots I found last night. I smile as widely as I can manage at Celine; we both know how much trouble she could get into back at the Capitol for dressing me less like a Capitol heiress and more like the Seam girl my mother once was. Changing takes only a few minutes, and then she's braiding my hair back as well as she can. I inherited my father's father's curls; thick and wild, they've always put the Capitol stylists in poor moods. Once, when Effie had offered to help me tame them with some Capitol cream concoction, Granddad had threatened to divorce her. It wouldn't have technically meant anything, since they were only married in the Twelve bread-and-fire way, not legally, but she had taken the hint and never mentioned anything of the sort again. Celine ties the messy braid off and places it on my shoulder. Blue wildflowers appear in her hand from nowhere; tiny and discrete, they fit perfectly in the folds of the braid. With a swipe of silver eyeliner that complements her own, I'm complete. "There," she says with a haughty hair toss. "That wasn't so bad, was it?" "Thanks," I say, distracted. I can tell by the lack of a sizzling sound that the bacon is done. I sit still, however, at another sound. There's a scuffling in the hall, slow and ashamed. Her hair appears first, thick like mine but straighter and lighter in color. It's grown since her time in the Games, falling in wild strands to her waist, tangled from all the tossing she's done this morning and in her nightmares. One brilliant gray eye appears next, set in a face that is tired but beautiful, all angles and warm olive skin. That much, we share. I know she's gauging my reaction to her night terrors. She does every year, too embarrassed at her perceived weakness to show her whole face to me immediately. I offer her a small smile and hold my arms out. Open. Waiting. Her face crumples for a moment in relief, like I knew it would, and then she's smiling softly at me, the way she smiles at my aunt Prim. My waiting arms and acceptance give her confidence and strength she was lacking only moments ago; she straightens her shoulders, enters my hug with one of her own. "Good morning, dear heart," she sighs into my braid. "Morning, Mom." I can't say it's good when it's not. "Are you ready?" No. "Of course." "Do you think you could…?" Do you think you could go with Daddy and Rowan, dear heart, and talk to the nice people with cameras until I get to the ceremony? Mommy is running late. The first time she asked me to stall, when I was four and Rowan was an infant, echoes in my head. The nightmares had been particularly bad that year, and ever since the question was the same. The familiarity of it all comforts me. I know she'll arrive looking as gorgeous and strong as ever, smiling and waving on stage at all the children down below waiting to die. Her entrance will appear grand to the cameras, seeing as she's still the one the Capitol fawns over most. "Always," I nod, willing my voice to be stronger than the knot in my throat. "Thank you," she breathes. Then she pulls away and kisses my cheek. "Come on, sweetheart, we don't have all day," Granddad snaps from my doorway. I hadn't noticed him come back. He'd thought himself so clever, coming up with sweet pea as my nickname. My mother and I do look a lot alike; two peas in a pod, sweetheart. Mom rolls her eyes but retreats back to her room and her stylists. When I