Hello fanfiction. I planned to finish my Alpha and Omega story before I started another one but my mind started to wander one day and I started to come up with another story. This time it's a story about what might happen if the hunger games was made today for entertainment. There is no reference to characters or events from the actual Hunger Games but because the story is very similar to it I had to put it in the Hunger Games category. Anyway enough talk, let's start the story. I was breathing heavily as I thought about what I could do. My four squad mates are down and I still have to deal with four enemies. Shit went downhill fast. My squad was assigned to defuse a bomb inside a two story house. We went in to breach the building from the back door, but unfortunately the enemy was waiting for us and we got into a heated firefight. Matt and Chris were hit almost immediately. My best friend Jeff and I were trying to retreat while Alex was trying to give us covering fire. Alex hit one of the opposition but he was also gunned down. Jeff was attempting to run around to the front door when he was shot through an open window, leaving me to fend for myself. "What can I do?" I whispered to myself. I got an idea but it would only work if no one was upstairs. I tried to recall the ambush. There were two enemies in the kitchen area and two enemies in the living room. The one in the living room was shot so that leaves three still on the first floor. 'Where is the fifth guy?' I wondered to myself, but I had no time to think. There was only a minute left to defuse the bomb or eliminate all the hostiles. I quickly made my way up a ladder on the side of the house and got onto the porch and snuck into the house through the window. Once I was in I tried listen for movement or speech. "You two keep watching the window, I'll see if he's upstairs." I then heard footsteps coming up the stairs. "Oh no I can't let the group get alerted to my position." I whispered to myself. I tried to come up with a way to eliminate the threat without having to fire a shot. "I picked the wrong time to come without a suppressor." I joked to myself. I looked at my watch, just one minute remaining for the mission. The footsteps were gradually getting closer. I decided to hide in the bedroom hoping he wouldn't check his corners. My gamble paid off as he walked right past me and I was able to knife him quickly without him making a sound. "Three to go." I couldn't waste any more time I had to assault the first floor. Before I peeked the stairs I tossed a grenade into the kitchen and waited *BOOM* I peeked as soon as it went off and I was two bodies lying in the ground. "One more." I didn't know where he was though so I decided to take a risk. I ran straight to the living room and started to plant the defuser. 'Just a few more seconds and…' suddenly I felt something poke at my back. I dropped the defuser and turned around to see what it was. It was the last enemy and he had a knife to my back. "HIT!" A whistle blew and everyone started to get up. "You son of a bitch. How the hell did you get behind me?" He pointed toward the couch. I noticed it was moved away from the wall slightly. "You sneaky bastard." He chuckled a little and regrouped with his team. I headed out of the building and noticed Jeff was still lying down. "Jeff get up the match is over." "Oh yeah?" He started to get up. "Yeah. You didn't hear the whistle?" "No I can't hear shit with this helmet on. Luckily our coms are still on, I could hear you whisper to yourself the whole time." He stood up and started to take off his black helmet. "I told you to cut out the ear protection and change it with a vented cover. That way your ears are still protected and you can still hear everyone." "Yeah, that would've probably helped me hear the guy by the window." We went back to the team as they got their guns rearmed for the next round. "They knew exactly where we were going to breach from." Chris said pissed that he didn't even get a chance to return fire. "Well we weren't exactly subtle with moving into position." I commented. "We got them next round." Alex said eager to end these guy's winning streak. "Yeah we will. Time for some payback for shooting me in the head." We all laughed at that remark. The other team members started to head over. Their captain spoke. "That was a close match but we are still undefeated and you guys just got your first loss." "Yeah but we'll make sure that you get your first loss as well." Matt commented. "I have to admit I thought I had you for sure." He said pointing at me. "I figured you would be upstairs but you kept hidden pretty well, and took me down without any trouble." "Funny how the best player on the team forgets the most basic part of airsoft. Check, your, corners." I snapped back. He chuckled a little. "Nonetheless that was a great round. We're ready to go when you are." We nodded and they went to the attacker's tent. We were in the middle of a best of three bomb defusal match. The first round went to them, so we have to win this one to force a sudden death. We alternate between attack and defense for the first two rounds. If there is a tie for the last round there is a coin toss with the winner choosing whether they want to attack or defend. The only limitation for equipment is gas blowback guns only. "Alright where should we place the bomb?" Jeff asked. I had to think about it for a little. I thought about pulling the same stunt the other team pulled by putting the bomb on the first floor giving the enemy team a false impression of a quick bomb defusal, but they might have the perfect strategy to counter it. So I decided to place the bomb elsewhere. "We'll place the bomb in the second floor master bedroom. With all the rooms on the second floor we could hide until they are vulnerable and then we strike." Everyone appeared to be in agreement but Matt wasn't convinced it was a good plan. "What if they check each room?" "Try to get into a prolonged firefight. They are on the time limit, not us. Try and make time their enemy." He nodded in agreement. "I think I should wait it out downstairs." Jeff said. I got curious. "Why?" "If you guys get into a prolonged firefight, they will focus all their attention on you. When they do, I'll come around to flank them." It wasn't a bad idea. "Alright. Go for it." He nodded and grabbed his gas blowback M4 and his helmet and started to head toward the house. The others have the same gun as Jeff because it was the only gas blowback guns that they had. They each wore navy blue pants and jacket. They each also had a black plate carrier. Everyone except Jeffery wore a black helmet with goggles and a black face mask. Jeffery wears black helmet with a noise cancelling headset, wraparound shades, and a black face mask (They kinda looked like SWAT units). Me? I had a custom made G36 gas blowback with a 3X sight. It was spray painted to a digital urban camouflage to match my uniform. My pants and jacket were also urban camouflaged and I had a helmet that covered my face. It had shaded lens for my eyes and I mounted a camera on it (The character basically looks like a Gensec SWAT unit from payday 2). Lucky for us the other team wore a more military outfit. Green digital camo for their pants, jacket, and plate carrier. They also had tan helmets with protective goggles and a green face mask. In other words, friendly fire isn't an issue. We set up the 'bomb' in the master bedroom and took our positions. Jeffery went downstairs just as planned. Matt waited in the bathroom, Chris went to the children's bedroom, and Alex and I stayed in the master bedroom as the last line of defense. We heard the ref blow the whistle and we waited for the incoming attack. It didn't matter where you placed the 'bomb' the attacking team will know where it is when they start their attack. How they attack is up to them. I'm anticipating that they will try to split up into two groups. One takes the stairs while the second uses the ladder I used earlier to try and flank us. Boy was I wrong. The entire group went up the stairs. The first rooms they will pass are the kid's bedroom and the bathroom. It looked like they were going to check the rooms. I wanted to give them something else to think about. I poked my head around the corner and fired my gun down the hall. I caught one by surprise and he went down with a loud "HIT" being heard. His team quickly split up and went into the two rooms. I heard short bursts of gunfire and a couple hits. Looking down the hall I saw three enemy team members walking toward me. I inferred that they found Matt and Chris and gunned them down, but not without taking fire first. I fired more rounds down the hall, and they quickly returned fire forcing me into cover. I then saw a Thunder V (Mock Grenade) being thrown into the room. It was too far in the room for me to get hit, but Alex was within range and got hit. They closed on me more and more. "Jeff come upstairs now!" I tried to whisper but not without a sense of urgency. I fired down the hall some more to try and slow them down but as soon as I peak they shoot at my position and force me into cover again. 'C'mon Jeff' I thought to myself. I saw the shadow of when about to enter the room and finish me. *POP POP POP* I heard gunfire and two people yell "HIT" as well as a thud. I took a peak and saw two bodies both were from the enemy team. The third was hiding in the closet in the hallway. I saw my chance and I threw a Thunder V right between the crack in the door. *BOOM* I looked and say the door open and when it did the last enemy player was sitting there. The ref blew the whistle signaling that the game was over. We had won. "Alright!" I heard Alex say as he got up from behind the bed. The rest of the team met up in the bedroom. "We won!" I heard Matt say with excitement. Our celebration was cut short however as the leader of the enemy team came up to talk to us. "Well done guys, we've never had such a hard time in a match before. It honestly feels nice to have a challenge, but you know there can only be one winner." "Oh yeah, and I intend for it to be us." I heard a lot of yups from my teammates telling me that they will back me up. "Well shall we see who gets home field advantage." He said with a smirk. "Let's"