A Southern Gentleman Prologue: Four Days In July 2013 Age of Edward Winner- Popular Vote YA, Judge's Choice Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. July 2, 1863 I could hear the thundering roar of the battle rising over the ridge. With each explosion, little motes of dirt drifted down from the earthen walls that surrounded me. Gasping, I hunkered down, hiding in the root cellar under my little home, hoping that I would be safe. Earlier, I had seen an unnatural smoke rising in the east created by the unceasing firing of rifles and cannon. In the distance, I could also hear the shouts of men and the screams of horses as a hellish cacophony descended upon my farm. All I could do was hide, pray, and remember. January 1861 It had begun as a small cloud puffing up out on the far horizon during the spring of my seventeenth year. There had been some political talk about State's Rights and the plight of the Negro, but selfishly, I cared little for any of that. Pennsylvania was a free state, populated by small farms, villages, and a few distant cities, so these problems were foreign to me. But I clearly recalled hearing the snap of the newspaper that cold, winter's evening as my father folded back the page and read with a horrified voice, "South Carolina has seceded! This means war!" In those days, I was still a giddy girl and my first thought at the news was only how many partners less I'd have at the summer house parties I would be invited to. After Johnny Reb fired upon Fort Sumter, war was eventually declared. That little black cloud of fear suddenly blossomed into a thunderhead, though it was still far off in a distant land. I worried for the gentlemen in my town who chose to answer Mr. Lincoln's call to arms and joined in the fervent prayers for their safety. For a while, life went on as usual. Father would farm his fields, and grumble over the paper, while Grandmother and I ran our household, attending the same old quilting bees we always had, except now we knitted socks and sewed shirts. True, there were many boys from our town who went to war, but other than their absence, our lives were the same. At first, the Union lost battle after battle due to the wily tactics of the turncoat, Robert E. Lee, the leader of the Confederate Army. Well into the war's second year, my father became more and more agitated. Once the fall harvest of '62 had passed, he declared to my grandmother and me that he was duty-bound to go and fight. Far from being just a cloud on the horizon, fear had now darkened my whole sky. That first winter alone, we were in good stead as Father had left us well-placed in food and firewood. We'd receive word from him now and again; sometimes not hearing anything for weeks and then receiving a bundle of letters all at once. We bided in our little home and I became less of a girl and more of a woman. Worry, I think, will do that. Pa hadn't returned to do the planting in the spring as he had hoped, but after conferring with my grandmother, we decided only to raise what we'd be able to store in our cellar. Planting out cash crops was too big an endeavor for an old woman and an inexperienced girl and there were no men to hire to do it for us. So, we tottered along doing as well as we could, until fear came directly over our doorstep. One morning in late June, my grandmother, who had been feeling poorly for weeks, couldn't arise from her bed. I summoned the doctor and after his examination, he declared our little farm under quarantine. My grandmother had the Typhoid and it was thought that I would surely get it, too. The doctor nailed a card on our door warning off folks. Fear was no longer a cloud covering the sky, it now shrouded me as a fog covered the world on a grey morning. For a solid week, I constantly tended Grandma, struggling to ease her pain and praying that she survived-but it was not to be. Though I hadn't yet caught the disease, the doctor said that sometimes the symptoms didn't show until weeks after the contagion had occurred. I was still quarantined. I could not even attend Grandma's hasty funeral. However, I had no time to grieve. My young cousin, Jacob, would come by to check on me but, of course, he couldn't enter my house. He'd stand on the porch and we'd talk through the door as he gave me news, and more often it was dreadful than not. June 29, 1863 A few days after my grandmother's funeral, he told me, "Bella, the Rebs are coming!" "To Gettysburg?" "Well, to Pennsylvania, at least. They say General Lee himself is on the way!" Suddenly, my heart felt as though it was in a vise. "But we have so few Union soldiers here! What shall we do?" "Word has it that General Meade's bringing our army to confront him." Wringing my hands, I said, "This is bad news, indeed. What are you going to do, Jacob?" "Many fools are leaving town, but my father says no one has any idea where the battle will actually be. They could be jumping from the frying pan into the fire. We're staying." Jacob left leaving me feeling somewhat relieved, but I decided to prepare just the same. I couldn't easily leave the farm. Besides still being quarantined (thus no one would take me up with them), I had a farm to see to. I harvested as many vegetables as I could, and put most of them in the root cellar. I turned the cows and work horses out to pasture and hoped marauding soldiers on either side wouldn't find them. I knew the cows would be taken for slaughter if they were discovered. Our horses would be used to pull cannon and wagons on the battlefield, for certain. I did the best that I could by them and then turned my attention to my own safety. I set about provisioning the root cellar. I moved an old bed-tick down there, with an oil lamp, a slop bucket and a big cask of water. The last thing I placed there was my father's old musket. It was a front loader and I couldn't shoot it very well, but I knew how. It would be better than just having a kitchen knife to defend myself if needed. I was fortunate because our cellar was entered from a trap door in the floor of our house, not from the outside. Unless you knew to roll up the rug in the front room, you'd not see it was there. I tacked the rug to the floor, so that it would fall back in place once I pulled the door closed behind me. July 1, 1863 I'd done as much as I could and just in time. Two days later, I heard a shout and peered out of the window to see rows of the enemy marching down the highway towards town. A few coming up from behind the main group, peeled off and started toward my farmstead. Fear gave my feet wings and I dashed down the cellar stairs, closing the trap door and sliding the bolt home. Then I huddled on the pallet, fearing even to light my lantern. I jumped when I heard steps climb onto the front porch and knock on the door. " Is anyone here-about?" I heard shouted. Of course I didn't answer. " What does this here card say?" " I cain't make it out but it looks like a notice." " Q-U-A-R-E-N-T-I-N-E and some other such. Maybe someone's sick here 'bouts?" I heard the door open. I hadn't locked it because I knew it'd just be broken down. " Yoo Hoo! Anybody home?" I heard boots stomp over my head. By now I was shaking, trying my hardest not to sob. " Don't look like no one's here. " " Sick or not, they may have runned off when they saw us acomin' ." " The coals are still warm. They was here sometime today ." " P'raps they's in the barn?" " Go on and look. I'll see what's worth keeping in here. Be careful lest someone has a gun." I heard one of them leave by the back door and the man left in the house started to rummage around. Drawers were opened and rifled. There was an exclamation of satisfaction when a helpful discovery was made. Soon, the other returned and said, "Cain't find no one but the yard's full of chickens and there's some cattle out in the pasture. A good sized wagon's in the barn, as well." " Found two loaves of bread, some corn meal, and some sorghum here but not much else. Did you see a cellar?" I thought my heart would stop at those words. " Naw. This house is on pillars. There must be a shed or something where they keep they vittles." " Well, get a rope on those cattle, harness some to the wagon and I'll see if I can grab a few of them chickens and put them in a sack. Anything ripe for pickin'?" " Naw. Seems the garden's done been harvested. Cap'n has to be satisfied with what we found." I waited the rest of the afternoon until I could be sure they were gone. When I emerged, I expected there to be mayhem in the house but it was very much as I left it, less some food that was in the press. It its place, however, were two dollars in silver. I was surprised at that. Two dollars wasn't enough to replace what they took but it certainly was more than I expected. I hadn't heard that Confederates had scruples. I peeped through the shutters and didn't see anything else moving, but needing to be cautious, I stayed within. I put out the fire, not planning to give more visitors a hint to my existence. I was too fearful to mourn the loss of our livestock. I didn't want to think how I'd get through the winter without them. The next morning, I heard distant gunfire coming from the north accompanied by the thunder of cannon-fire and I knew that a battle had begun. I jumped with each rattle of musketry and blast of cannons. Hopefully, they wouldn't get closer. Occasionally, a rider would dash hell-for-leather down the highway but they paid my farm no notice. Later on, I saw another phalanx of men approaching from the south. I retreated into my cellar once more, but this time no scavengers stopped in. They had fighting to do, I supposed. After they had passed, I ventured out once more. I found that staring into the dark of the cellar fanned my fears to greater heights, so it was best to stay out of it until necessary. I could hear the battle getting closer as the day wore on. I wanted to see what I could and so I climbed the ladder to the loft, in order to peer out of its small window but I couldn't see much, just smoke in the direction of the fighting. July 2, 1863 The next morning, I was startled away by a terrific blast. I had slept down in the cellar, to be sure of my safety if something came my way in the night. I looked around in a panic when suddenly another explosion made the very boards my house was built of shake and shudder as though it was in the grip of a tempest. I curled up then, holding my knees close