Chapter 1: A Freshening Breeze Disclaimer: By writing this fan fiction based very generally upon the work of Stephenie Meyer, I am not claiming ownership of Twilight or its characters. I am simply borrowing some of their characteristics. Chapter One: A Freshening Breeze 'Give me freshening breeze, my boys, A white and swelling sail, A ship that cuts the dashing waves, And weathers every gale. What life is like a freshening breeze, So free, so bold, so brave? Seattle, Washington, June 30th. High: 60 F Low: 50 F Barometric Pressure 30.2 inHg*, Cloudy "SCHOOL'S OUT FOR SUMMER! SCHOOL'S OUT FOREVER! SCHOOL'S BEEN BLOWN TO PIECES! NO MORE PENCILS, NO MORE BOOKS, NO MORE TEACHER'S DIRTY LOOKS…" Alice Cooper was blasting out of the quad speakers my ex-boyfriend had installed in my truck and I was singing my heart out as I drove down the road. I, Isabella Marie Swan, felt both liberated and guilty. I felt liberated because I was finally leaving gloomy, cold and rainy state of Washington and was headed to the sunshiny, warm, and tropical state of Florida. I felt guilty because I wasn't a student anymore. Actually, I was supposedly the person that was going to be giving those dirty looks since my brand new diploma said so. But hell, teachers could celebrate the summer too, couldn't they? And boy did I feel like celebrating. I had moved from Arizona to Washington the beginning of my junior year of high school. Mom had just remarried and, though I liked Phil Dwyer, my new step-father, being around honeymooners - especially if one of them gave birth to you - well, that's just ick. So I asked my father Charlie, who was also the police chief of the tiny town of Forks, if I could move in with him for the last two years of high school and of course he was delighted. I loved my Dad but I was perpetually cold and depressed living in Forks under a continuous rain cloud most of the time, so when I applied for college I tried just about every school that was located in an area whose temperature rarely went below seventy degrees. Dad, because Dad was sensible, suggested that I also apply in-state as a backup plan. You know - just in case. Well, guess what? Through local scholarships, I got the equivalent of a full ride if I stayed in state-in Washington. The schools that accepted me in the sunny south were pleased to have me if I was willing to pay full out-of-state tuition and that was the deciding factor. I couldn't afford to go to a warmer, sunnier school so it was four more years of purgatory, commonly known as the State of Washington to me. If you ignore the weather, Seattle is a nice city and I actually enjoyed living there. I got a good education – summa cum laude in English Literature with a minor in Secondary English Education thank you very much – and the four years went by quickly. But you better believe when it came time for me to apply for a teaching job I looked in warmer climes. The only problem was as I was nearing graduation it was next to impossible to find a job especially as an English teacher with no experience other than the practicum and student teaching experiences required of all education students. Seems like the boards of education country wide were reducing, cutting back, and simply not hiring. Dad invited me to live with him again. That scared the crap out of me. No way was I going back to frigid Forks - just no. Then, the kind citizens of the Sunshine State itself did a wondrous thing. They voted in a mother f'ing amendment to their state constitution saying that no classroom in any public school in Florida could have more than a certain number of students. At the high school grades they were capping it at twenty-five. That meant those lovely Floridians were forcing the hands of their sixty-seven county school boards to hire more teachers. Many more. In one afternoon, I applied for a teaching job in every county in Florida that had an on-line application and two weeks later I had three job offers. I picked the one that was furthest south: Parma High School in Bishop County, mean temperature seventy-five blessed degrees and only a handful of completely cloudy days in a year. The second thing I did was to break up with my boyfriend. Mike was a decent guy and all but he wasn't interested in leaving his home state of Washington. Besides, he'd become more of a habit lately than someone I consciously chose. We had been dating for about two years and the fire was gone. I was beginning to wonder if it ever had been there at all. When I accepted the Parma job I was surprised that he was actually upset about it. Seems he had expected to settle down with me. It took me a week to dissuade him from that idea. Dad bought me a used Ford F-150 but it was in really good shape and only two years old. He said it was my graduation present and I was grateful. I knew that my old beater wouldn't have made it across the state line, never-the-less the whole nation. And when you thought about it Florida was about as far away as you could get from Washington without leaving the United States. I had some money saved up and so I decided that I would drive across the country as soon as I could get myself organized. Mike was making it difficult to be in Seattle and it was the rainy season there any way. Did I mention that it was always the rainy season in Seattle? So anyway, two weeks after graduation I had packed up and was ready to hit the road. One thing I'll say about a long drive, besides scarfing up tons of little bottles of shampoo and conditioner they give out at motels, is it gives a girl the chance to think. The majority of my thoughts focused on what in the world was wrong with me? Mike was a decent guy. He was good to me. He was easy to be around but he was also easy to not be around at least for me. I never missed him when we were away from each other although I was always glad to see him when we got together again. All my friends thought he was great, even Charlie. The only person who didn't agree was my mother, Renée. She told me he was a drag. But then that wasn't surprising. If my mother had been born a couple of decades earlier she'd have been a hippie. Mike was too stodgy and conventional for her. It made me wonder how she ever got hooked up with Charlie because those two words sort of defined him. I suppose it did explain why she left him after I was born, though. I couldn't help but think I may have made a mistake leaving Seattle after the first panic passed. And panic is exactly what I felt when Mike disclosed that he always planned to marry me. You know that fight or flight reflex? Well, it's real because I couldn't get away fast enough. But now the few thousand miles I had put between us got me to thinking that perhaps I was too hasty. Here I was running away to a place I had never been, to be among people I had never met, doing a job that I had never done. I must be crazy. A few times on my journey, I almost decided to turn around but then I remembered that while I was living in Washington my underwear of choice were long johns even in the summer and honestly, I just couldn't face that again. Jacksonville, Florida, July 8th. High 90 F, Low 72, F Barometric Pressure 31 inHg Originally, I was planning to drive straight to Parma with no side trips but my mother lived in Jacksonville now and though it was a little bit out of my way what was two hours out of a 50 hour trip? So, when I crossed the Florida state line instead of continuing south on I-75 I took a left on the I-10 and an hour later I was pulling into the driveway of my mom's and step- father's bungalow. I had called her the night before asking if I could come so she was prepared. When I saw the sign out front, I was sorry I had given her a heads up. "WELCOME HOME BELLY!" was spray painted on an old bed sheet hanging across the front porch. Geesh, Mom. Now all the neighbors were going to think someone had a reverse lipo-suction or something. Phil and Renée were on the front porch yelling and screaming in happiness – I hoped - to see me. Knowing my mother it could be that she was screaming away the evil spirits that may have followed me from the Pacific Northwest. Both of them ran out and hugged me at the same time. Unfortunately, I hadn't completely exited from the cab of my truck and we all ended up on the ground. They didn't pay any attention to that; they were still hugging me as we rolled around on the grass. This was normal for Renée. This is also why I didn't visit them too often. I can only deal with so much crazy. But actually it was good to be with them for the moment. I never realized how much I missed my mother until I saw her again - sort of like I never missed Mike. Really, it was just more proof that there must be something wrong with me. They ushered me up off the lawn and into their little eclectic bungalow. There was no place to sit in the living room just the floor. When I looked around Renée said, "Oh, just pull up a pillow and sit wherever you want. Furniture is so conformist and constricting." That could mean they had to hock all their furniture to make rent or today they really believed that The Man was out to get us all by the nefarious use of chairs and sofas. I remember once when I was in middle school, The Man was brainwashing us through the electrical currents in our homes so we didn't have electricity for a few weeks. However, when Mom got her tax refund that year suddenly The Man stopped using the electrical grid to control our minds. I've always thought my mother's politics were completely situational. "So Bella, why did you decide on Parma? That's old fogey-ville." "Is it? All I cared about was that it was in the sub-tropics and they wanted me to teach." "Well, they roll up the streets after nine pm on the Gulf coast." "That's not a problem for me." "Oh, I forgot. You like dull," Renée scoffed. "Now Mom, why do you say that?" "Look at your boyfriend. Michael Newt or whatever? By the way, why isn't he here with you?" "It's Newton, Mom. Michael Newton. And about that… he's not my boyfriend anymore. We broke up." "FINALLY!" "Mom…" I whined. She always was able to bring out the emo teen in me. "Bella, he was all wrong for you." I rolled my eyes. "Truly, he was. When you were around him your aura wasn't just brown which is bad enough, it was beige." Mom shuddered from the horribleness of my unbecoming aurae. "But now I think of it I could tell something was up with you, Bella. When you got here today I could see your aura is not beige anymore, it's changing and unsettled." She peered at the area around me as if she was trying to see more clearly. I was so