Hello, welcome to my newest Harry Potter fic, another Lumione story. I really don't care if you don't like this pairing, I really don't care at all. Any flame or troll reviews will be ignored entirely. Congratulations. Anyway, I hope that those of you who do enjoy this pairing enjoy this story. It's not nearly as tragic as my other Lumione fic, but there will be some heartache. You can't have this pairing and ignore everything that the two character have gone through in their lifetimes, especially in the last few books, what with Lucius's incarceration and Hermione being tortured in his house. The entire plot of this fic was inspired by a joke I have with a friend about the idea of Lucius or Draco attempting to use muggle items like toasters or microwaves, etc. At first this was going to be a rather lighthearted one or two-shot, but as I began thinking over the plot it expanded into a true story. It really shouldn't be more than ten or so chapters, though. I hope you enjoy this first chapter, and if you do, please review. Chapter One: Burnt Toast Hermione awoke to the smell of burnt toast, something she hadn't smelled since she and Ron had shared a flat together. Every morning they'd have the same argument over whether or not setting the toaster to six would simply toast the bread faster just fine or make it burn no matter what. To be honest she hadn't even wanted the little yellow toaster, it had been another "muggle gift" from Arthur, when they could both use a quick charm to get the job done. But somehow, despite magic and logic and arguments, it managed to survive where their year long relationship failed and inhabited a small corner of her counter space even after Ron was long gone. So to smell burnt toast after over a year of its complete absence immediately sparked her curiosity. Had Ginny stayed the night again? All she could remember of last night was the Solstice Ball at the Ministry and everyone drinking too much. The rest was more than a bit fuzzy. Perhaps Harry had a little too much to drink and sparked another spat with Ginny- Then she saw it, her silver dress pooled on the floor and beside it a baby blue dress shirt, and she remembered everything. With a hand clasped over her mouth, her eyes and her mind retraced her steps from the previous night, or rather very early that morning. She spotted her shoes beside her bedroom door, slightly ajar, and his dark outer dress robe strewn over her reading chair. And through her slightly ajar door she caught a glimpse of him, shirtless in her kitchen, prodding at the toaster that no one had touched in a year and running a frustrated hand through his long hair. "Lucius…" His name escaped her mouth in the form of the quietest whisper and tears came to her eyes as she scrambled from her bed to close her bedroom door as silently as she could manage. She took a seat in the reading chair, feeling the silk of the robes beneath her bare legs and against her back, it felt just as it had when she danced with him. Her head swam from both her blossoming panic and the beginnings of a hangover, heavy tears dangling precariously on the edge of her bottom eyelids. She needed a moment to wrap her head around all of this. She glanced at the bathroom door, perhaps a shower would do her good. She stumbled over his shirt and cursed herself for not preparing a hangover drought as she nearly lost her footing, her head pounding with every movement. When she finally managed to get to the bathroom she cringed at the cold of the tiles against her feet and cringed even harder when she saw her reflection in the mirror. Squinting through the light coming in from the open window she could see that her hair had managed to turn itself into a natural disaster in only a few hours. There were dark circles beneath her eyes and lipstick was smeared all over the side of her face. There were light bruises and bite marks on her neck and collarbone, a couple on her shoulders. Her face burned at the sight of them, so jarringly obvious against her pale skin, undeniable evidence that last night had indeed happened. Shuddering at her own stupidity she turned away from the mirror and caught sight of a little bottle sitting on shelf above the toilet. Continuing the disastrous theme of the day, she shuffled over to the shelf, stumbling over the plush rug on the floor and kicking it to the side. She swiped it from the shelf and eyed the dark liquid within it before removing the stopper and taking a small sniff. Her eyes lit up when she realized what was within the little miracle of a bottle. "Hangover drought…" She nearly wept, with relief this time, and downed it immediately, ignoring the bitterness against her tongue. She allowed herself a moment as she sat on the toilet lid and ran her fingers through her hair. A little sigh escaped her as she sorted through bits and pieces of last night. The entire thing had been such a mess and here she was living in the aftermath, dealing with the cleanup. She hadn't even wanted to go, but she hadn't been given a choice. That, even more so than what had happened, was what irked her the most. Being an employee at the Ministry meant that she was required to attend all Ministry-held functions. Including the Winter Solstice Ball. It was a bit different from the Yule Ball that had been held at Hogwarts during the Triwizard Tournament, mainly in the amount of alcohol served and the lack of Yuletide charm. And rather than a bunch of giddy school children all gathered together for one sparkling winter night, it featured a crowd of bedraggled ministry workers and high profile members of wizarding society tossing thinly veiled insults and passive aggressive comments back and forth like handshakes and hellos. She had hated it before she'd even known that she was required to attend. She had hated it even more that very night as she let Ginny do her makeup. She remembered her near breakdown when she discovered that Ron would be there. "It's like Christmas last year all over again, Ginny!" She'd cried. Sighing, Hermione got up and turned on the shower to as hot as she could stand it. She stood beneath the streaming water, staring into space, for a good fifteen minutes before actually making a grab at the soap. Slowly, as the hot water and hangover drought soaked through her, she began to think a bit more clearly, and as the lemon scented soap ran over her skin she felt something resembling peace for a moment. But then came the time to face the facts. She could hear Harry's voice in her head as she opened up her brain to the next chapter, "You've really made a mess of things, 'Mione." "I know…" Came her whispered reply. False confidence was a mask she'd worn more than a few times over the last year and she wore it well. It was like putting on a scarf or a pair of sunglasses. Subject changing and centering focus on things like her career. There were, of course, the persistent ones. The ones who couldn't seem to let go of her faded relationship with Ron or her experiences in the war, the ones who asked too many questions and delved into places she wished they wouldn't. They picked and chipped away at her like an archaeologist would a relic, unlocking all her secrets. Goodness, she wished they wouldn't. Ah, but then there were the absolute disasters. The tsunamis she'd run into only once a year if she was lucky. The first tsunami after the war had been Draco in Flourish and Blotts only two months after everything was over. He'd been running around like a madman, hood pulled up, grabbing parchment and pens and bottles upon bottles of ink. Anyone who caught sight of his face had sneered at him, pushed and shoved him, refused to move out of his way and then dared him to lay a finger on them. Until he ran, literally, into Hermione. He had looked quite a bit like her reflection in the mirror. Dark circles and an expression of pure fear. The two had slammed into each other and he'd dropped all of his things. She'd reach out to help him on impulse but he only slapped her hand away. "Don't help me," He'd hissed, "After all, this is the perfect world you've always wanted, isn't it?" He grabbed her arm and pulled up the sleeve of her sweater to reveal the scar that she so hated. "Now we're all on equal footing in the mud." She'd cried for hours afterward. It had bothered her for days, for multiple reasons. The tables were turned but he still got under her skin. The tables were turned but it still wasn't fair for everyone. But, like always, she'd gotten over it. She wondered, as the water poured over her and the last of the soap melted away, how she would get over this. Eyes closed, she couldn't bring herself to get out yet. She still had to face what came next in the story, she still had to finish what she'd started last night, even if she wasn't sure where the end was because it hadn't even arrived. Would it ever? Ginny had assured her that everything would be fine. She and Harry had walked in with her, had sat her down at their table beside Luna and Neville. The two couples talked and she listened, waited, watched the world around her revolve as she sat still. Half an hour passed and nothing happened, but she knew better than to let herself be swayed by a false sense of security. The tidal wave would most surely come. And it did. Unfailingly. It, He, her watery enemy, surged through the doors and into the ballroom. He looked well, the thought came a little too bitter for her liking, she couldn't let him sink her ship. There had already been too many holes to patch. He came, sat down, maintained politeness with her, too her surprise. He even asked her how she was doing, how her work was going. She ran with that, the talk of her research and her position in the ministry, it was the safest of territories that she could wander through. It was uncontested, familiar, constant. Drinks came around and the conversation shifted. It drifted down a volatile path of marriage. Arrangements for Ginny, Luna giving her advice, in her own Luna-ish way, because she'd just walked down the aisle a few months ago herself. She let the couples talk, listened to their plans of dates and venues and dresses and invitations until they all blended together. For a second she'd thought that perhaps she was being a bit too paranoid, that perhaps now she was safe to sit and comfortably enjoy tuning out the dull talk of all her female friends turning into housewives. She couldn't quite help the little twinge of jealousy she felt, though. With no blood family since she'd altered her parents' memories, and now no true adoptive family save for Ginny and Harry since her breakup with Ron, she'd been lonely. Work, despite her passion for it, was not only her excuse but had also become her distraction. Up until recently this had worked well enough for her, but for some reason in the last couple of weeks loneliness had set into her bones and that night it struck a nostalgic chord in her as she watched her friends laugh and drink together. At one point