Hi guys its me (ya you don't know me :')) well I hope you like this. ~it started as any other day I guess, having no idea what that day would bring~ ~every story has an end, but in life every ending is just a new beginning~ ~pov~ Well I guess I should start off with, Diana Hagerman that's my name. I'm also African American, brownish black hair and you guessed it brown eyes, age 19. I have about three very good friends, Maryanne, piper, and last but no less miss drama queen herself, Megan. I guess you could call use the four musketeers, or just four girls that are friends that works to. but there's more reasons we're friends. We all have our differences me for one, well I like making clothes, sketching, sowing, sing a little and you get the point." Maryanne cadaver long blond hair and sea blue eyes, she loves the sea, swimming, she's on the swimming team at school even went to championships at one point, but she's so shy! took about a year for her to warm up to us. also she has things about her even we don't know about her Also age 19 Piper rabbi know as the genius of the group and the school, she's also African American well on her moms side and her dad is Korean, she's a light shade of brown right in between tan. For most of her life she lived on a farm in New Jersey, but moved into NC around 16, a perfect sweet-heart one woman army, Age 18." Then there's Megan arena if you don't know how I feel about her yet I'll explain, you see Megan was born in California with her mom, at the age of 15 to live with her dad after her mom remarried. she's been on my kill list ever since she spilt milk on my cardigan, Age 18." ~ AND THIS IS WHERE IT BEGINS~ Diana pov Walking up the step of a blue house, with a brown picket fence with a front gate" giving it a slight push it opened. it wasn't even locked, Diana knew where she was going many times this was another get together like friends should, a sleep over you would say, but this time unknowingly things were going to take a 360 degrees turn. Knocking on the painted white front door, Diana was waiting patiently no sooner then she did it cracked a little, Maryanne pepped around the door frame. "Diana you came," Maryanne said in a small voice a slight smile on her face. "As I always am!" I replied back, Maryanne always did this, she would of thought by know, when she has a sleepover we would always come. Opening the door completely Diana walked inside, going down the hallway and taking a left turn she arrived in the living room, where as always piper was on the computer and Megan complaining about how she wants to read her messages on face book. Taking a deep breath Diana sat down next to the vintage yellow lamp that Maryanne's mother just had to have, taking out her necessary items and the main reason they became friends the hunger games book. You see Diana doesn't own the first or last book but that's ok to her, her favorite one was right in her hands "catching fire" her favorite part is when katniss dress turned into a mockingjay. Maryanne had the last book "mockingjay" and she cried every time she read it. And piper had the first "the hunger games" and she wouldn't part with it to save the world. Megan doesn't even own any of the books, the way she even knew about them was because of a book assignment, which was a group thing and that's how we met and been friends ever since." "Like can we get on with this now" complained megan as always."just hold on a minute' I said sitting down. She huffed but didn't say anything else, which was a big surprise for Diana. "Alright I have the first book, so we should start with that one" confirmed piper putting down her laptop. "!Oh I made you this" she exclaimed, running her hand in her pocket, she pulled out a slim metallic key card, "I thought you might like this, seeing as you don't have one." Piper had one herself, this Diana knew but hers was plastic hers looked like the real thing, silver with her picture, and even a capitol seal. 'thank you' smiling at her friend. Diana put it in the fold of a pocket on her dress, which was blend of blue, green, and gold along the sides. "now where were we" piper asked, getting the subject back on to the books. "We were going to read the first book' said Maryanne quietly, head down pepping through her hair. "Lets get on with it already" megan exclaimed, but it seemed as fate had other plans, Maryanne was holding her hardcopy, piper was holding hers and I was holding mine and just as piper was about to open her book lightning and thunder sounded outside, the fireplace seemed to come alive with tips of blue and gold, on the edges and the most strangest and scariest was that the books began to glow as if they were on fire. "What's going on" Megan screamed and that's all I got to hear before, I went head first into the book, into the unknown. I kept my eyes closed, all through the feeling of my body going through jelly or how ever it feels like to be going through a book, I didn't have the courage or the will to open them it was only when I felt concrete collide with my back, all the air came rushing out of me at once. and I felt light headed because along with my back an head that hit just as hard." Standing up slowly trying to get the aching headache that was forming by rubbing my temples, I got a good look to where I was and the first thing to greet me, was to a seal on a huge banters and not just any seal the capitol seal'' "I'm in the capitol." I said to myself softly, badly trying to make myself snap out of these stupid thoughts, but I couldn't. I realized I was in between what seems to be apartments that may belong to millionaires, I slowly began to walk in between them, heading to what I assume to be the street. but my foot collided with a book...my book, I was temped to throw it. but simply stuffed it into my pocket. Right as I was turning the corner, I collided with a woman with frizzy blond hair that was cut into a bob, heavy purple eyeshade along with black lipstick and a black puffy dress that stopped right above her knees. "I'm so sorry" I tried to apologies, first day in another world and I just had to do something stupid. "There's no harm done but I would like to know where you got that dress, I seen nothing like it" she questioned, pointing towards my attire. Looking down to my hand made dress, I couldn't think why she would want to know such a thing. "I made it" I replied, she gave a wide smile making me think I knew her from somewhere, maybe she was in the background of the movie, "you have such talent." she praised making me blush deeply. "Owe this old thing its nothing really, I just doodle ideas that come to me" I said, waving away the complement but still blushed at the praise. "So you make clothes" she said with that wide smile on her face that I couldn't resist smiling as well "nothing extraordinary but yes I do make some" I say liking how I had someone to talk to about clothes designs. "Why don't you come with me to my home, so I might see some of your designs, if that's ok" she asked. "That would be great" I replied, not wanting to stay out here any longer. Following this unknown person to there home, was something I never thought would happen to me, yes maybe when you're lost try not to talk to strangers, but in this case I'm lost in another world, that I knew all about which was an upside but not by much. so I just decided to take my chance. We stepped into an elevator which seemed to have fifty buttons with different floors on it, she pushed the one sixth to the floor making us move up. "I never got your name" I told her feeling silly not to ask. 'Oh its Portia" I didn't even realize the elevator had stopped and Portia got off "what's your name" Portia asked "its Diana" I said instantly snapping out of my shock of learning her name. "Well you can wait in here as I go get my things!" smiling as she left to go into another room, Diana slide into a lavender colored chair with little birds all over it "!I ran into Portia the partner of cinna, the craters of katnisses dresses" she thought. what do I do now I have no place to live, no money and worst of all I have no idea if my friends are here or not ." She was interrupted from her thoughts when Portia came back, with a stackful of drawings of clothes mainly dresses, some made her want to laugh but she didn't for Portia's sack, she found herself having fun with Portia not only about clothes but others things like, how they both like mystery books, classic music and what they want from life. Diana showed her sketch book to Portia (that she kept in a pad size on her at all times, for when inspiration hit) she liked them but it was when she came to Diana's drawing of the "girl on fire" dress which she drawled from the movie, that she became intrigued, did you draw this" she said. "yes but I just got the idea off of a movie I watched" she replied. it was the truth, the hunger games were made into a movie. "You know" Portia began "me and my partner cinna haven't come up with an idea for this years hunger games" she said with a pointed look at Diana. "Really" Diana couldn't help but ask thinking they would already have made it; "yes we have about a month left and still nothing, why don't you help us we're doing district twelve it may not seem like much but with this design it would make a great opening, maybe helping this years tributes get the sponsors they need" she said sounding desperate at the end. Diana was speechless for awhile her mind reeling. "if I help I get a job make clothes like I wanted, and in the process find out about the others, and maybe I could change things" Diana thought but quickly discarded of the last thought, "what could I do I'm not even part of this world, or maybe that's why I'm here?" her thoughts were then changed and looked at Portia. "I would love to" she said, much to Portia's happiness. "oh I can't wait to introduce you to cinna on your designs, Portia said walking around happily, "we must go to the studio at once!" forcing Diana out of the chair and out to the elevator once again, what seemed like a life time of walking, they made it to a gray building and went inside. Portia used her i.d to get passed the guard and waited for Diana to do the same, Diana then got scared not knowing what would happen if she doesn't give him one, "Just relax." she told herself doing little to calm herself. The guard began to look inpatient and Portia seemed worried, and