A.N: If everyone seems out of character I apologize. I am aware that Dean, Seamus and Neville weren't at the Burrow after their third year. Thankful to those on tumblr that let me send a bunch of different parts. I am not a football/soccer fan, so if anything is wrong throughout please let me know and I'll fix it. This is un-beta. I haven't decided on if I will have it beta or not. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or any characters mentioned. Tumblr: m1sc1efmanaged It was a well-known fact that Hermione Granger didn't care for Quidditch. People assumed that transferred to other sports as well. That wasn't the case she actually had a secret. Her father had always enjoyed football, and Hermione was known for asking questions. The summer before their fourth year. Everyone was at the Burrow; even their housemates Dean, Seamus, and Neville. Hermione and Harry had finally met the two oldest Weasley; Charlie and Bill. The male Hogwarts students beside Fred and George would be bunking with Ron in his room. It was football season and the Ireland vs England had just happened. Being a fan, Seamus's family had gotten tickets and invited Dean. Once Mrs Weasley convinced Ron to invite his friends; Mr Weasley offered to get Dean and Seamus. "It was an unfair call," came from the pathway. "No, it wasn't." "Dean, yes it was," Seamus argued coming into view. Mr. Weasley's head turned between the two with interest. He didn't understand everything they were saying, however, the conversation was welcome. There was only so much Quidditch talk one could take before it became boring. Recalling the game she watched with her dad on their telly Hermione chuckled. They hadn't been able to get tickets, but still enjoyed the game. Unfortunately, for her, the twins heard her chuckling and being the twins they couldn't ignore it. "Granger," started Fred. . . or was it, George. "What are you chuckling about?" the other twin finished. Cursing her luck she didn't mean for anyone to hear her. She tried playing it off, with her nose high Hermione responded with, "You must have heard things." Being pranksters and having to get out of tricky situations the twins had become very good liars and Hermione wasn't a very good one. They chuckled as a pink tint painted the girl's cheeks as they said, "Try again." Normally she wouldn't even bother with the twins, but her secret was on the line and didn't want anyone to know. "There's a lot of people around, maybe you heard someone else," she attempted. Fred rolled his eyes as George chuckled. Together they sang, "You're lying." Hermione weighed her options as the blush upon her cheeks betrayed her. "I could spend all day arguing with them or give in and be able to play." Throwing her hands up she replied, "Alright. Fine." As she crossed her arms George and Fred cheered as they gained one over the bookworm. Chuckles could be heard throughout the group as they saw the annoyed look on Hermione's face. Calling out, "Seamus is right Dean. That call was unfair." The pair looked over at Hermione while what she said sunk in as Dean groaned, "Not you too," while Seamus said, "You watch football?" The twins weren't expecting their friend to talk about this football that Dean and Seamus were. Everyone's eyes widen as they heard Hermione talk about a sport. Ron opened his mouth saying, "But you hate Quidditch." "What's football?" the Weasley children thought. Blushing Hermione asked, "And?" "You hate sports," repeated Ron shocked. Before Seamus and Dean showed up, the Weasley and Harry were going to play a game of Quidditch. Bill, Charlie and Ginny were up in the air while the twins, Harry and Ron were still on the ground when Mr Weasley showed up with the pair. While the twins were teasing Hermione, Neville walked up to his friends greeting them. Mr Weasley left his children and their friends heading to his shed of muggle things. Looking around Neville noticed confusion on the Weasley's faces. Taking a deep breath he called out to Hermione. She turned towards her friend. "What's football?" with a hint of nervousness he asked noticing her attention was on him. While Hermione grinned, Ron groaned knowing what that grin meant. With a grin, Harry nudged his friend hearing him groan. "Nev," she replied excitedly. "Oy," Seamus called, "You can't teach without a ball." Hermione had always hoped she could play with everyone at the Burrow but chickened out every year. She brought a football with no matter where she was staying. Dean caught her eye roll and chuckled. Ginny lowered to the ground, leaving Bill and Charlie in the air. "Gin," called Bill confused. Once her feet were back on the ground, she looked up towards her brothers calling back, "I wanna learn more about this football." Knowing how his friend Dean called out to Seamus waiting till he turned around before saying, "Hermione has a ball already." Seamus' head whipped towards their friend as she nodded. A grin spread across his face as he hoped that meant what he thought. With excitement in his voice, he vocalized his hopes, "Why are we still standing around?" He turned towards Hermione; who had a similar grin on her face. Walking towards her he stretched his hands out landing on her shoulder and turned her towards the house. Turning with the hand on her shoulder Hermione let him push her towards the house. Everyone else followed like a family of ducks. Ginny rushed after with her broom strapped to her back with Neville and Harry at her heels. Dean with an affection smile shook his head, the twins followed next with Ron brought the end of the group up while grumbling. From the sky, Charlie and Bill watched them all go, looking at each other they shrugged, and flew ahead of them. "Mum, Mum" Mrs Wesley heard coming from the yard. She walked towards the door expecting one of her children to have done something. Whatever she had been expecting was not what she saw. Her children and their friends were walking towards the house with Hermione in front laughing while being pushed by some boy while everyone else followed. Noticing her mum standing at the door Ginny grabbed Dean's arm and rushed forward speaking quickly, "Mum this is Dean, and the guy behind Mione is Seamus." Seamus' peaked around Hermione's shoulder while Dean waved from next to Ginny, "Hello," they greeted. "Hello boys," Mrs. Weasley greeted back shocked. "Mione here is going to teach a new sport," someone announced behind the group. Hermione blushed as Mrs Weasley raised an eyebrow at the girl. Seamus hold on her shoulder tightened a little. Instead of questioning it, Mrs. Weasley said, "Be washed up for dinner," she turned going back into the kitchen asking, "Has anyone seen your father?" Seamus pushed Hermione towards the door while insisting she gets the ball right away. "Stop pushing me," Hermione tried ordering while laughing. Everyone besides Harry watched her walk away with confusion. Throughout the last year, Harry got to know the muggle side of his friend, but everyone else hadn't. Chuckling at their expressions he asked, "Shocking isn't?" Everyone nodded while George said, "She's different," at the same time as Ginny bounced jump and down saying, "I like this Mione better." Being the hothead he was, Ron demanded, "She isn't Mione. Someone needs to check for confundo." Being used to Ron demanding things, however, this time, it was personal. From next to Ginny; Dean and Seamus shared a look. Neville might not know Hermione very well but knew Ron's reaction wasn't very supportive. "Ron," he started. Turning towards his friends Ron's brows furrowed with confusion. He didn't understand the excitement over what they called 'football.' Neville wasn't sure where he wanted to go with his words and started stumbling. Feeling for his friend Dean took over stating, "Hermione is muggle born. Flying and playing Quidditch is normal for you." Seamus added, "We," indicating to himself, Neville and the Weasleys, "are used to magic and these things." Pointing to Harry and Dean, "This is still new to them along with Hermione." Opening and closing his mouth, Ron didn't know how to reply. "It's true," everyone looked up or turned around, "The thought of trusting a broom that for the first eleven years was just a cleaning tool to me is absolutely terrifying." Walking from the door Hermione was carrying her football. Tossing it between her hands she continued, "Which everyone up till the past year seems to have forgotten." Besides Charlie and Bill, everyone's ears either went pink with embarrassment or rubbed their necks. Choosing to ignore their embarrassment she asked "You still want to learn?" Trying to recover the excitement Bill offered "We could use the Quidditch pitch." Besides Ron; who whined about the pitch being ruined while Ginny smacked him many heads nodded. Seamus said with a cheer, "I would have played without them." Hermione while smirking challenged his pride by saying, "Why so you could lose?" Seamus was caught off guard that his jaw dropped while Dean laughed, "She got you there." During the walk to the pitch, Bill and Charlie led the group while Percy shocked everyone by asking, "What positions are there?" Being shocked Hermione didn't reply right away. Shaking her head a little she recovered with "Well, there's a goalkeeper." "Goalkeeper?" Neville and the Weasleys thought confused. Seamus, noticing the confusion, translated "A goalkeeper is like a keeper for Quidditch." That got Ron's attention and thought if it was translated into Quidditch maybe it wasn't too bad. "Not that I'd tell Mione that," he told himself. Walking behind the group Hermione counted heads and realized there were too many. " Someone is going to need to sit out, " she thought as they came over the hill. "Whoa," gasped Neville, Dean, and Seamus. "Beautiful isn't?" Charlie asked next to the trio. "Honestly. It's dirt," mumbled Hermione walking passed them. "Oy." "It's not just dirt ." "Because kicking a ball around is normal, " thought George as he followed his twin, siblings and friends. Glancing at his twin, Fred wondered what was going on with him. Besides questioning Granger's chuckle, George hadn't said anything. "What's wrong with him?" thought Fred before nudging his twin's shoulder. "What?" "What's up with you?" asked Fred, "You're awfully quiet." George didn't even know what was going on with himself, he replied with "Nothing," however he thought to himself "Besides seeing Granger differently." There was a time to push a conversation and a time not too. Fred knew to drop the conversation, they'd talk about it later. While the twins were talking, Hermione had thrown the football to Seamus; who caught it with his chest. After she had thrown the ball, Hermione ran down the hill ahead of everyone else. Letting the ball fall and giving the girl a chance to get far enough Seamus kicked the ball at her. Not wanting to kick the ball too hard she let it get close enough before kicking it towards Dean who shouted "Leave me out of it," as Seamus ran at him. Everyone watched as the two ran around and shouted playful at each other. "You know she is right," Ginny said from next to her brothers, "Dean and Seamus too." While Harry, Neville, and Dean smiled watching their friends. Ginny's brothers turned towards her. Smiling softly she explained, "There's a whole other side to Mione, and we don't know it." Watching Hermione laughing, George's stomach did somersaults. She was laughing without a care in the world. There were two types of laughs that George hated. Light chuckles when someone found something funny or trying to cover their laughs. As he watched her laugh the kind that left someone breathless and cheeks painted pink. George realized that Hermione was actually really pretty. It took a second before