The plot bunny hit hard on this one! This should be a fun ride, with just enough angst to pull at your heartstrings, as well as a whole lot of humor! Hope you are all ready for this ride! I know Ausha and I are! Just a reminder that I don't own a damn thing but the plot of this story! The songs are 2 of my favorites though! EPOV I can't believe my brothers and I came back to this piece of shit podunk town. We left for a reason. See, we were part of the starting line for our high school football team. We were the golden boys of our school. We had the most popular girls on our arms, and were the envy of every male specimen in the town. We had the Denali triplets. Tanya, Kate, and Irina Denali were the southern belles of our the new family came to town. That's when our worlds tilted on their axis. The Swans moved to town. I remember it like it was yesterday. It was our first day as seniors. We were all standing by our cars, our girl on our arms and hangin on our every word. Just as we were going to head into school, we heard hogs heading our way. No, not hogs as in pigs, I mean growling bikes, harleys, or at least, that's what we thought they were. Heading right into the last two parking spaces were 3 Ducatis. One in red, one in a deep bluish-purple, and one in….pink? Yeah, that caused us to do a double take; and it was so worth it. All us boys saw were legs, encased in tight leather pants that matched the colors of the bikes. When the helmets came off, we all went weak in the knees. Before us stood the most beautiful trio we have ever laid eyes on. The one in red was tall, statuesque, and blonde. She was the tallest in the group. Then there was the goddess that stood a few inches shorter than the blonde. She had hair the color of milk chocolate with what appeared to be different colored streaks running throughout her hair. The one in pink was a few inches shorter than the goddess in the middle. Her short spiky raven colored hair had pink ends to it. It wasn't until they had their arms linked together, walking into school that I noticed the blonde had red ends to her hair. Never in our lives had we ever seen such things in our town. The triplets were already tittering between themselves over the newest brood to enter their town. I had a feeling this would NOT end well. Boy was I right. Walking into the bar in town that made it past the current recession, I chanced a glance around the place and saw most of my old school mates sitting around after a hard day of work. It didn't take long before the hyena's descended. We ended up leaving town right after graduation and making sure we left the bitches to their own devices after the shit they pulled with the Swan girls. It was no wonder why they dated outside of our school. When the Denali's wanted to ruin something, they didn't just ruin it….they destroyed it from the ground up. Total annihilation. The Swan girls definitely felt their wrath. So bad they ended up graduating early and taking their boyfriends with them. Speaking of the Denali's, the three of them were sitting at the bar, looking every bit of the meth head part. Time was definitely NOT on their side. Their hair was matted to their heads, nappy and unwashed. Their clothes looked like something you would find on , which didn't flatter their obese bodies. As soon as the door shut behind us, their eyes met ours, causing us Cullen boys to shudder at the pure disgust of them. Of course, they saw that as a sign and started to saunter over to us like we were their prey once again. Looking over to my brothers, it was obvious we all vomited in our mouths a little. Before we could tuck our tails and run, they put their nasty paws all over us. As I plucked Tanya's claw off my chest, I noticed the tan line from her wedding ring, which really made me cringe. Who would marry her nasty ass? "Edward, you came back for me!" she screeched. Nails on a chalkboard I tell ya. "I didn't come back for ya. I came back for Paw." I told her as I threw her hand away from me. "Don't EVER touch me again if you value your hands much." I sneered at her as I walked right past her and grabbed a table as far away from the stage as possible. Lauren, another that time was not kind to, sauntered over to take our drink orders. We placed our orders of SoCo and coke, then shooed her away with another insult. All the bitches in this town can go fuck themselves after everything they did. When she brought us our drinks, she also handed us a book of songs for the karaoke that was getting ready to start. Feeling a bit nostalgic, my brothers and I decided to take a look and see if anything would jump out at us. "Such a shame those nice girls got thrown out of town and went off with those dogs. They have no idea that they aren't the only ones receiving the benefits them fuckers have." someone said as they passed by our table, heading to the restroom. "Them boys never did realize what gifts they have, and take advantage of it every chance they get." the older woman spewed. "Them girls are just too nice. They need them some real nice boys to show them the way a real southern belle deserves to be treated." the other stated while winking at us. "Them girls know what they are doing to them, they are just waiting for something better to come sweep 'em off their pretty little feet." We all looked at each other, wondering who those ladies were talking about. Our question was answered about five minutes after we put our song choice into the bucket. In walked our very own personal angels...with the dogs on their arms looking smug as shit. Bella, Rose, and Alice walked into the bar...with Jake, Embry, and Quil on their arms. While the dogs got fat in the middle, the girls remained the same. Only this time, Bella only had blue and purple streaks running through her hair. All their eyes had lost the sparkle from their first day of their senior year. You could see the apprehension and weariness in their eyes. It was clear as day. They were afraid of this town, how they would be treated, and who would be the handler of their newest problems that haven't even arrived as of yet. The electric charge was still the same as it was that first day of school...only it felt stronger this time round. My brothers and I rubbed our chest to try and get rid of the tuggin we all felt when they were near. At least they haven't noticed that we were here...yet. I think all three of us were afraid of what their reactions would be. Thank god for small miracles. "Alright ya'll, next up on stage are the Cullen Boys!" the emcee called over the bar, causing all of our heads to fall to the table...hard. We got out of our seats and slowly made our way to the stage. It was almost like we were on death row and this was our last walk on the mile. Our very own death march. We grabbed our mics and turned to the crowd, noticing all our old high school crowd gathering to the front. The Swans stayed seated at the bar while the dogs disappeared with the Denali wenches into the mens room. Em was taking the first verse, Jazz the second, and I would do the third. As the song keyed up, Em stepped forward, his eyes on his Swan, and started us off. Sure I think about you now and then But it's been a long, long time I've got a good life now, I moved on So when you cross my mind I try not to think about what might have been Cause that was then And we have taken different roads We can't go back again There's no use giving in And there's no way to know What might have been Slowly, the Swans froze and turned toward the stage. Each pair of eyes seeking each other out. For us, it was a breath of fresh air. For them, the color drained from their faces and their mouths dropped open. The sisters looked at each other, and slowly picked up their drinks, taking sips from the straws and watching us continue with our very own serenade of sorts. We can sit and talk about this all night long And wonder why we didn't last Yes, they might be the best days we will ever know But we'll have to leave them in the past So try not to think about what might have been Cause that was then And we have taken different roads We can't go back again There's no use giving in And there's no way to know What might have been It was my turn and I was sweating bullets. Worried how they would take this song. Would they hate us more for it? For us harboring our love for them all these years? As I stepped up to finish this bitch, I grabbed Bella's eyes and kept them on me. I couldn't blink, look away, nothing. We were both hypnotized as I belted out the last verse while my brothers harmonized with me. The same old look in your eyes It's a beautiful night I'm so tempted to stay But too much time has gone by We should just say goodbye And turn and walk away Try not to think about what might have been Cause that was then And we have taken different roads We can't go back again There's no use giving in And there's no way to know What might have been No we'll never know What might have been Tears were streaming down their eyes; ours as well. If only we had done... something back then, we might have been something more than enemies. We slowly put our mics back on the stands and made our way back to the table to finish our drinks. As we hit the floor to the bar, the dogs came out of the mens room, fixing their clothes. "Just you wait Black, you're gonna lose the best thing in this world." I snarled to him as I went over to finish my drink and leave this godforsaken bar. "Karma's a bitch, and I know the Swans are worse than her." Jazz chuckled shaking his head as he followed my lead. "Don't worry though, we'll be there to put their broken hearts back together." Em stated as he killed his drink like it was a shot, walked straight over to Rose, picked up her hand and gave it a delicate kiss to the knuckles. Jazz and I decided to take his lead as we left the run down bar and headed for home. We just may be able to get what we wanted all these years after all. BPOV I really don't want to go back to that fucking town...but Jacob-fucking-Black and his dog pound wouldn't take no for an answer. They knew that we weren't welcome in that damn town...but yet, didn't really give a shit about what we wanted. It always has and always will be about them and their needs. Damn our stupid rule of not dating guys that went to the same