Welcome to a world of weariness. What's that, you say? Go update your other stories? I really am trying, but though they do have planned plots, the chapters won't write right now. In the meantime, feast your feels on this. Disclaimer: I do not own nor profit off of Harry Potter and company, nor do I so claim. -x- Everything was quiet. That was Percy's first thought in the hours after the funeral. He couldn't remember the number of times he'd once shouted, begged, cajoled for quiet before. Now, he felt like begging someone to speak. Quiet was abnormal. Quiet meant there was something deeply wrong in the Burrow. Fred and George were sitting dully on the couch, Ginny leaning into one of their sides without garnering a hint of a reaction. Ron was almost trembling, ensconced on Percy's lap, something he hadn't done with their parents for months now. Even Bill and Charlie were there, but somehow not. Percy found himself glancing at the taller figures of his older brothers- for comfort, maybe, for direction, for what next what do we do - but they were in their own reality, murmuring quietly to each other, hopefully trying to figure something out. Figure this out. Mum was dead. The thought brought a lump back to Percy's throat and he shut his eyes, curling tighter around Ron's warm form, almost too big to fit on his lap anymore. Their dad had been tinkering in the shed on that Anglia again, that stupid illegal car , and their mother had gone in for a habitual scolding. Something, obviously, had gone wrong and the vehicle exploded. The Aurors hadn't been clear on the specifics, but Percy figured how didn't matter. He'd seen the aftermath. When he'd run to the shed, he'd anticipated finding his parents sooty and annoyed, but whole, safe. They were talented, after all, they were magic , and who dies from a little explosion? Fred and George might have survived a hundred of them. But Mum was in large, messy pieces, and Dad wasn't much better. Percy had slammed the door shut, aware of his siblings just on his heels. As calmly as his shaking voice could manage, he'd told Fred, if he had been Fred, to floo St. Mungo's. The addressed twin hadn't mouthed off for once, maybe taking in Percy's tone, maybe just the mention of St. Mungo's, but whatever it was, Percy could only spare a silent flash of gratitude before ordering his other siblings out. Out . That had brought up the usual protests, but Percy did not have time to argue and one quiet, furious repetition of the demand had them turning tail. Leaving him alone. He'd broken the rules, then, whipping out his wand and running inside, trying not to look at the mess- at his Mum - and focused on his father. His still breathing father. He'd patched up Fred and George by hand after some of their stupider ideas, sometimes by wand after they'd joined the Quidditch team, but this was so far beyond- Percy had squeezed his eyes shut for a moment and breathed in the sharp tang of blood and done what he could. His hands were shaking, and a part of him was furious rather than scared, and he clung to the anger, because at least the anger let him act. Your stupid obsession made you break the law and look what it's done, Percy had thought, trying to stop the bleeding from what had once been a leg, Why doesn't anyone in this family understand there are rules, laws for a reason? Why didn't you- But even the anger was beginning to cloud, eyes blurring with unshed tears, and Percy angrily wiped them away on his arm, careful not to get blood in his eyes, and pushed on. Just keep on , he'd told himself then, pushing back fury and fear alike, keep on. When the healers finally, finally made it, they'd praised his efforts, told him his father wouldn't have had a chance at all without him, promised to clear up the use of magic while underage just this once, and they were all so calm as they bustled around, a sort of tranquil chaos, that Percy had been able to let go of his father, settling back on his haunches among the mess, and try to breathe. The assistants cooed and soothed at him, but the words were meaningless. Eventually, they pulled him from the room and told him to go wash up. Numbly, he'd obeyed, walking back to the house. He didn't see Ron, or Ginny- at least those two were kept away from it all- but Fred and George were lingering in the shadows at the top of the stairs, watching as their home was invaded with healers and Aurors, law and medical personnel moving purposefully through. Their eyes, flickering across the sea of activity, focused on Percy with a pleading, lost look they hadn't given him since they were little. Percy found himself shaking his head, firmly, and pointing back up the stairs, remembering belatedly that his arms were still covered in their dad's blood and lowering the arm, too late. Still, the twins obeyed, vanishing back into the room they shared with Ron. Twice in as many hours , Percy had thought dazedly, moving to the kitchen sink, This must be the end of days. It felt like it. The days that came after had been a surreal flurry of family members and well-wishers coming out of the woodwork, but Bill and Charlie had shown up, and Percy had gratefully passed control back into their hands. They were his big brothers, and they were here to take care of things, and part of Percy wanted to sob with relief, but he couldn't let go that much, not with Ron in his lap and the twins shooting him looks like he'd vanish from their lives next and Ginny so quiet and subdued. His big brothers were here, but he was still a big brother himself. So he watched them all, carefully, still holding Ron a little too tightly, though the twelve year old didn't seem to mind for once, returning the embrace with hands clutching the front of Percy's somber dress robes. It was awful and mind-boggling and heart-wrenching but it wasn't completely hopeless. Mum was dead, but Dad might wake up. Despite himself, Percy thought that was a little unfair. He could never choose between his parents, but he also couldn't help but feel flashes of the fury licking his insides when he knew it was all Dad's fault . Dad couldn't leave well enough alone, and had to go breaking the law and mucking about over some ridiculous obsession with muggles, of all things- the heat in his face and eyes snapped Percy out of it. He hadn't cried in front of the littler kids yet, and he wasn't going to. "Percy," a hand landed on his shoulder, and Percy looked up and up at Bill's grave expression, "Can we talk?" "Yeah," Percy replied, and was amazed at how steady his voice came out. He gently leveraged Ron off of himself and onto the twin not being leaned on by Ginny. Bill and Charlie watched quietly, and followed him into the kitchen. "We've worked it out," were the first words out of Charlie's mouth, and Percy's heart leaped for just a second before the worried look on their faces registered, "And together we can keep you guys going to Hogwarts and fed- since our family at least owns the land here. But, we're going to have to," he winced, "pop in and out rather than be here all the time if we go that route. That would leave a lot of responsibility on your shoulders, Percy, and we'd really rather not do that. But the other option…" Charlie glanced at Bill nervously, and was plainly relieved when the oldest took over. "Some of our aunts and uncles are willing to take you in, but," Bill lowered his already hushed voice, "they couldn't handle all of you. We spoke to them during the wake, and even if we sent them the money to take care of you, you'd still be split up." "You'd be able to visit each other, of course," Charlie butted in, looking almost scared of Percy , and that fear made Percy unclench fists he didn't remember making and take a deep breath, "You just would be living separately." His first instinct was a big, fat, solid No way in hell, but Percy forced himself to think it through. Great Aunt Muriel would likely be taking Ginny, she'd always been overly fond of the only daughter in this branch, and he could see Uncle Parsifal snatch up the twins. He'd probably end up with Aunt Sorrel, and he didn't know exactly who would take in Ron, but there were options there. He knew it'd be easier on him, and it might even benefit the others, to have some parental figure constantly there, but… Ron had held onto his robes so tightly. The twins had pinned him with that look . Ginny was so quiet. Looked like his first instinct was winning out. "No," Percy said, firmly, feeling a sliver of fear slide and set into his heart even as he set himself on this path, "We're staying together. I can handle it." Can I? Some part of him whispered dryly, I didn't know I was so certain. "I've kept house before when-" he stumbled over his sentence, coming to a faltering end, "Before." Bill's hand was on his shoulder then, squeezing, and they looked so grateful and Percy wondered if this was what his face had looked like when his brothers had first come back and taken over. He hadn't thought through the fact that Charlie was just three years older than him, though Bill had him for six. He'd known they were grieving, too, but he'd hoped, he'd wanted them to be able to handle it better than he could. This felt a little like they were running away. That wasn't going to help him, though, and Percy shook the thought away. Their jobs were out of the country and Charlie had just started at a dragon preserve in Romania, and the pay was, well it was better than what they'd get if they took jobs in the Ministry. Percy knew, too, that if Bill came and took a desk job, he'd make less than as a roaming curse breaker for Gringotts. And now, they suddenly had to pay for the upkeep of five younger siblings on top of themselves. It was alright; they'd dealt with worse financial situations; Percy just wondered if he could hold together everything else. "You always were the responsible one," Bill was ruffling his hair, sadly, "You know if it's too much you can always floo Aunt Muriel, or Mr. Diggory," His face took on a pinched look as he added, "Or Mr. Lovegood, if you really must." "Only if you really must ," Charlie emphasized, a weak smile breaking out over his face and dying when Percy couldn't return it, "We can help make sure everything's stocked up and-" now Charlie was stumbling over his words, "- clean before we go." No one had been in the shed since Percy gave over lead to the healers and Aurors, but he knew most of the mess had been cleared away and the automobile parts taken for investigation. All that was left was the blood. They'd kept him quite up to date on what was going on, in the interests of avoiding conflict over movement of- the body. He hadn't appreciated it at the time. "It's just stains left," he said quietly, "If you could look after the others upstairs, I can deal with it." Bill looked ready to protest, but Percy continued, more firmly, "It's not something that needs more people seeing it."