Birthday Cold Elrohir sighed as he slid from his bed. He was careful not to make any sound, as his twin was still asleep, eyes glazed over in sleep. Something was gnawing at him from the inside, keeping the dark haired lad from resting, so the twin settled in the balcony. He allowed the soothing breeze to play with his hair as he gazed around the quiet city. Elrohir was about to head inside when something, or rather someone, caught his eye and he found himself running to the gate. A groan escaped the blond elf as the continuous jerking jolted his healing, albeit still sore, wound. It was nothing serious, just a shallow stab wound a few centimetres above his hip, but his hunched position and the amount of hours he had spent riding without a break was taking its toll on the young prince. As he was travelling alone, he didn't dare stop for a long time and risk being ambushed by orcs, or worse, being caught before actually reaching Imlardis. It was almost midnight when Legolas spotted Rivendell's gate. A tired grin tugged at his lips as Arod slowed to a gallop after crossing the shallow river. Once in the safety of the Elven city, he relaxed, allowing his fatigue to set in as his shoulders slumped forward on their own accord. He had been riding mercilessly for roughly 3 or 4 days and besides stopping for a bite of Lembas, a swing of water and to allow his horse to rest and graze, the prince had not taken any breaks in order to get to safety fast. Now, only dignity kept him sitting straight when two guards came to see who had arrived in the middle of the night. With them came another elf with dark hair, whom the prince vaguely noticed was one of the twins. However, he couldn't distinguish which one he was. Elrohir grabbed Arod's reigns and led the horse, along with Legolas, through the gate and into the courtyard, simultaneously keeping an eye on his obviously weary friend. Legolas had only murmured a "good evening," and "sorry for arriving at such a late hour" before succumbing to silence. The twin gazed worriedly at the wood-elf when Legolas lost his balance upon attempting to dismount Arod, who as if sensing his master's weakness, had lowered himself as much as he could. Elrohir's quick reflexes had stopped the blond from face-planting the ground, and only then did the healer notice the dark shadows that had formed under his friend's eyes. He slipped a hand around Legolas' waist, allowing the blond to lean against him as the prince shuddered, taking in a deep breath as he leaned heavily against the other elf. Elrohir frowned at the unexpected show of vulnerability and deftly put a hand on Legolas' chest, both to keep him up as well as to sneakily search for broken ribs. He was relieved to find none. A murmured "I'm fine" met Elrohir's keen ears, and a rather un-elf like snort sounded in the otherwise quiet night. It was a slow process to get to the prince's room, and after the third stumble, Elrohir slid his hands under Legolas' knees and picked him up bridal style. The blond writhed and weakly slapped at the other elf's chest, trying to get the twin to let him down, but Elrohir didn't react, only told him to stop wriggling around so much until Legolas eventually complied. The twin found himself humming, unintentionally soothing the blond elf into sleep before they had reached his room. Kicking the door open proved to be a bit of a hard task, but a hand was suddenly laid on Elrohir's shoulder, silently telling him to stop making such a ruckus in the middle of the night. Elrohir startled, but quickly recognized Elladan, who had felt his twin wake up. Brown eyes darkened with worry upon seeing Legolas, and Elladan helped sit the blond elf up while Elrohir quickly took off the prince's soft boots and tunic. Legolas feebly stirred then, weary blue eyes blinking open as Elrohir tugged the material up and over his head. Legolas groaned as his head gave a harsh throb and loose strands of his hair settled on his face, but Elladan quickly smoothed the hair back, swiftly removing the braid in the back in the process. Elrohir frowned as Legolas didn't object to anything and allowed the much needed help. "Legolas, you with me?" A hand was laid on Legolas' cheek, feeling for, but not finding, a fever. "I am fine Elrohir. The ride exhausted me and I just wish to sleep. I'll be better in the morning." Legolas said, forcing his eyes to stay open so as to meet the older twin's gaze. " If you are fine, then why do you have a bandage wrapped around your abdomen mellon-nin?" His gaze was inquiring, but his tone was tinged with concern that couldn't be hidden. "Just an old wound, nothing to worry about." Legolas murmured, sagging in Elladan's arms. "We'll talk in the morning, let him sleep for the time being." Elladan decided as he felt the prince's head fall against his shoulder. "There is no blood on his clothing, so he is probably not downplaying his injuries this time." Elrohir said with a small shrug before pulling the covers back and helping his twin to settle in a way too willing Legolas. "Ada will check him over Elrohir, you need not worry." Elladan said with a small smile as the two headed back to their room after making sure Legolas was sound asleep. The blond elf turned in his sleep, successfully twisting the covers in a more comfortable position before letting a sigh escape his parted lips. The clock had struck eight o'clock before Elrond, Aragorn and the twins gathered around the table to eat breakfast. It was most unlikely, but after the events during the night, the twins were reluctant to wake up at the crack of dawn as they usually did. As they nibbled on a piece of Lembas, they suddenly remembered Legolas, who was still laying asleep on his bed. "I wanted to inform you Ada, that Legolas arrived last night. He was exhausted to the point where he couldn't walk straight. He's probably still asleep in his room right now." Elrohir stated. "Was he injured in any way?" Elrond asked as Aragorn stared in disbelief before standing up and running out of the kitchen. "He had a bandage around his stomach, but he said it was nothing but an old wound. I didn't see any signs of blood, so I let him be." Elrohir answered. "And his eyes?" "Closed." It was Elladan who answered this time. "Come, I shall look over our young elf." Elrond said with a small sigh as he finished off his drink and headed to the prince's room. When he made it to the spacious bedroom, the elf lord couldn't help but smile. Legolas was laying on his side with an arm thrown over Estel's legs, who was sitting next to the prince. Legolas' head was resting on the ranger's thigh, and a small smile tugged at his lips. There was a look of astonishment on the man's face, and his cheeks darkened when he saw his father and brothers. Elrond raised an eye-brow, silently asking what had happened in the five minutes that it took for him and the twins to reach the room. "I just sat next to him. He was on his side and I smoothed his hair back, as it was on his face. He just turned on his other side and decided to use my leg as a pillow." Estel explained. "Can you get him to turn on his back? I need to see if he is as fine as he claims to be." Elrond said with a small smile. Aragorn nodded and gently lifted Legolas' pale hands before Elladan and Elrohir turned the fair elf on his back. A frown marred Legolas features when the man put the elf's hands down, and his eyes fluttered before blinking open, wearily taking in the room he was in. His moment of consciousness didn't last long, and everyone watched as the blond relaxed back into much needed sleep. At least this time his eyes were half open. Elrond was gentle in his administrations, and his sons helped him raise the sleeping elf and remove his travelling shirt so that the healer could get easy access to the lean torso. The bandages were tightly wrapped, showing the work of a professional healer which Elrond easily recognized. True to Legolas' words, the injury was nothing but a shallow stab wound. Despite being almost healed, the elf lord could see that it was still a painful wound, and the horse ride had not done it any good. A sigh escaped his nose as he bandaged the elf again before doing the usual check over. Thankfully, Legolas was well, and only exhaustion hindered him. The blond elf did not stir during his examination, which was something troubling in itself, and Elrond saw Aragorn frown in concern as the man unconsciously brushed the golden strands with his fingers. "He will be fine Estel. From what I gathered, he has been going for roughly four days without sleeping in order to get here; he exhausted himself." Elrond said with a reassuring smile. "Stubborn elf." The insult was filled with fondness, and not even the twins could stop the small smile that tugged at their lips. "Prissy human." The remark made everyone's attention snap to the figure on the bed, whose eyes were once again bright and alert. "Legolas! How are you feeling?" Elrond inquired. "Fine." Legolas answered, prompting a groan from the figure above him. "May I ask why you found it necessary to ride without stopping for rest and nourishment?" Aragorn asked with a raised eyebrow as his fingers continued to unconsciously untangle any knots that he found in the silken hair. "Ada wouldn't let me come until I finished my duties, and I wanted to make it in time for your birthday party tonight. I gave you my word I would attend." Legolas' eyes were slightly wider than usual, and the grey-blue colour was aiding the kicked puppy look. The fanned out hair made him seem even more innocent. "I would have liked it better if you arrived on your own two feet instead of collapsing the second you walked in the city." Aragorn chided. "When you two are finished, I think Legolas would appreciate a bath, food and fresh clothing before resting a bit more for tonight." Elrond said. Meanwhile, Elladan and Elrohir had stayed in the background of it all, silently listening to the conversation. Smirks decorated their identical faces as the two friends bickered and Legolas tried to use his natural charm to get Aragorn to agree with him. When their father mentioned food, they immediately got up and left to get a tray, their boots making no sound on the carpeted floor. They ended up bringing two instead of one, because Elladan noticed that Aragorn's breakfast had been left almost untouched. When the twins got back to the room, Legolas was sitting up against several pillows and laughing at something that Estel had said. The blonde hair was completely loose, as Legolas had removed the dishevelled braids and was allowing the man to pass calloused, gentle hands through the light strands. The twins raised identical brows as they saw Elrond trying to determine how much pain the fair elf was in, but having no such luck. The stubborn elf was saying over and over again that he was fine, and that he wouldn't have been allowed to ride if he wasn't fine. "From past experiences I think I am going to get a letter from your father telling me you escaped from Mirkwood again!" Elrond replied with a stern expression. "Lord Elrond, I swear