Disclaimer: I didn't own any of the characters. All the characters belonged to Stephanie Meyer's book Twilight. ENJOY! :D Chapter 1 Seth's POV This day is my unlucky day. All of our food supplies just went out and we're stuck in the house with mom starving. The food supplies were gone two days ago and I don't have any money left to buy some. My mom got fired from her job as a cashier in some grocery store and her current condition is worse. She got sick from tiring herself from work and the added humiliation didn't help either. She got fired from her work because she was accused of stealing money from the machine. She was accused because she knew the combinations and when the money was taken, she was pointed out to be the culprit of it. There were no hard proof however but they still point their fingers to her. I was so mad when I heard the news. She was beaten by some of the staffs forcing her out to admit where she had hid the money when the truth was; she didn't even stole a single penny from the machine. The police didn't buy either, they only watched with their lousy eyes while my mom got continuously beaten. Injustice just proves itself when you lack power. That's how life in Forks works, you have money you earn glory and when you don't have money, none of them would give a damn. I was beyond pissed when I saw them beat my mom. I went to her and help her get away from the abusive people. They even manage to hit me but I ignored the pain. Some people gave us looks of disgust and some people gave us looks of pity. None of them came to our aid. They continued to walk as if the show was over. That's what happened yesterday. I never ask my mom if what the people said were true. I knew she wouldn't do such a thing. My mom is a complete honest person, a loving and supporting mother a child could luckily ever have. But because of it, people take advantage of these. My father left us when my sister Leah died because of her disease. He said that he could not continue life knowing that everytime she looked at my mother, she reminds himself of his daughter Leah. We all went through the suffering and mourning but my father took it the most. One day, we found out his room empty, his wardrobe ransacked and some things missing. We knew that day that he run away from us. Few months after that incident, we were greatly affected by poverty. Even from the added salary of mine and of my mom, it wasn't enough. Soon, we can't pay the electricity bills and the lines were cut, the water however we manage to pay but for what's left of our money wasn't enough for a single meal for two people. We sell some of our furniture just so we can earn money for our food. I stop going to school knowing that I have to make my life more productive and helpful for both of us in order to survive. But life like to throw curve balls to us, my mom got fired and is sick and today's whether is prohibiting me from working outside. I have to make a living outside to buy some medicines for mom. I once tried to inform her that we should see a doctor but she keep insisting saying it would be a waste of money and that she will get better from this ordinary sickness. It was futile to debate with her, she keeps standing her ground, I gave up and let her rest in the bed. I wore my tattered jacket with some stitches on it and grabbed my raincoat that's been too small for my body. I brought my folders and papers that include my birth certificate, good moral conduct in my previous year and other stuff that might help me find a job. I went outside ready to face the world. It's hard to find a job when the rain is pouring hard and your head pounding from an empty stomach. I found a big expensive looking restaurant and was happy when I found a hiring poster. I tried to arrange myself to look decent and went inside. Some of the people gave me looks I couldn't comprehend. I tried to ask the waiter where the manager is and that I would like to apply a job of any position. He said he didn't know and that they do not easily let strangers enter his office. I tried to explain that I wanted to take the job offer but he ignored me and walked passed me as he busy himself serving the cold customers. The assistant manager approached me and asked me what I wanted. I told him I wanted to take the job offer and he slightly smiled and told me to follow him. We walked through the stairs and saw the door with the words "Manager's Office". I gulped inaudibly as I slowly knocked the door and enter The manager said welcome but never did he once raise his head to look at me. I could tell he was busy as he rummage some folders and papers. By the time he's done stacking or doing what he's doing he look at me and asked me directly. "You're here to take the offer?" he questioned me nonchalantly " Yes sir" I said with determination "Very well you can submit the resume" he said unenthusiastically I handed him the folders and the envelope. He checked it carefully one by one. He then shuffled the papers back and again looked inside the envelope trying to see if there is still one paper cleared his throat and asked. "Where is you high school certificate?" he looked at my eyes. "umm..Sir. you see.. I didn't finish high school, I stopped going to school to find a job and help my mother. I really need a job sir, she's sick and there's nothing else she can depend on but me. I lost my father and…." I didn't finish since he raised his hand back gesturing me to stop. "If that's the case then the only job I can assign you is in the cleaning maintenance, a janitor position. I wanted to help you but this is the only way that I can see that suits your résumé. I'm sorry". He said "Thank you sir, thank you very much. It'll be enough sir. Thank you. I'll do my best sir" I said gladness evident in my voice "Ok then, you can start, shall we" he said as he clasped his hands in the air " You can find your uniform at the locker room near the cooking area, you're small so you can easily fit in the uniform. The mop and other things are also found in there" he said as I bowed my head slightly and walked outside the door heading to the locker room. When I finished wearing the uniform and grabbed the things I needed. I went outside the room and walked to the dining area where the customers are busy eating and occupied by their expensive gadgets. I started my work moping first the floor near the entrance where most of the muddy footprints are present because of the rain outside. I smiled slightly and hummed while I neatly mopped the floor. Jacob's POV Being a celebrity is hard. You have to avoid the paparazzi and do nice for the people to like you. I didn't actually need to please everyone; they already like me through my looks, not to brag or anything. My father is probably the richest man in the world. He owned almost all the company worldwide and has access to all of it. He recently even bought Google Company and the money he earns is tremendous. Sometimes, I wonder why I have to work when I could spend all my life with dad's richness. But he keep, pushing me to work as to value how to earn money and that being a famous celebrity will add a good impression to the family. My father was once a poor man that belongs to a poor family, but because of his intelligence, he worked hard and earned his progress that leads him to his current state. But sometimes because of money, he loses some of his values and becomes greedy when it comes to money. I didn't complain though, I'm the son of the richest man on earth. I can do whatever I want whenever I want. I didn't have to go to school, I'm rich enough to bother education. I have friends and they are all rich people. I can hang out with them but most of the time I spent all of my days in my career. This day however is an exemption. I have a date with a hot celebrity girl. I've dated almost all the pretty and hot female in show business but usually only last for a week. My friends even made a bet about how I can't keep a girl for five days and to be honest, it's the truth. I turned them down when I found them uninteresting and would instantly find another girl. I'm the typical Playboy as of my age. I'm 20 with a body epitome of perfection. With sculpted eight packs abs, chiseled chest, bulky and meaty arms and all of the part of my body belongs to the definition perfection. I was all natural nothing else, just natural since the day I was born. I was gifted in all fields and department. I excel playing sports like football and basketball. But most of all, I was gifted to acquire a power to seduce girls and even some boys I didn't intend to. I am a sex god. However, even though I could possibly have almost everything, there's still missing. There is this void in my being that needs to be filled. That void that threatens to empty my being and ruin the dream life I have now. The void called longingness and I intend to find a person that could fill and completes me. That however, is a very difficult task. Sure I can have someone I want in just a flick of my fingers but I'd like to think in a different perspective, could I possibly have anyone even when I don't have the life I so called in front of me? I don't have high standards when finding someone, all I ever want is someone that is true to itself and seeing now a day's, people like this are considered an endangered species. I wanted to find that someone but all of the girls I had dated were all the same. They never complete me so I just played them along. This girl I'm seeing tonight would hopefully fulfill me; heck the girl I'm seeing tonight has big breast and big ass. Somehow I have a feeling that she's not the girl in my dreams but there's something telling me that I have to date her tonight and found out. I want to give her a chance. As usual, I date girls in big expensive restaurants and treat them special, when in fact the truth is, I don't want them to date in my house afraid I'll make a mistake that I might regret for the rest of my life. I'd like to call the date off as to see there's no point of it really. As much as I hated it, I choose to follow with my intuition and date her in the restaurant. Of course, I didn't feel nervous or anything. I've dated a lot of girls so dating another one wouldn't be a problem. I know how the drill works, first wear clothes