As If He Never Existed A New Moon Fanfiction by Fojangles Summary When Edward left, Bella was sure that she'd never be able to move on. He had done his damnedest to hold true to that final promise he'd made her before he said goodbye-to never interfere with her life again and to make it as if he'd never existed-but even without the photos, CDs, or radio, the impact he'd left on her didn't fade. Far from letting go, Bella began to find solace in daredevil activities with the help of her newfound companion, Jacob Black. From approaching shady men outside of seedy bars to flying down treacherous gravel roads on experimental motorcycles, she stalks adrenaline highs for the sole purpose of hearing Edward's disapproving growls in her head. It seemed that no length of time nor amount of near-death experiences could slake Bella's thirst for Edward-until she went cliff-diving. After much careful negotiation, Alice (having seen Bella's future go blank) manages to pull Edward away from his suicide attempt long enough to travel back to Forks to ensure that Bella is actually dead. Neither of them could have anticipated the actual cause of her sudden lack of future: Bella had no memory. All recollection of Edward or his family, vampires, werewolves, Forks, and even Charlie and Renee were gone. What will Edward do now? Will he break the promise that Bella no longer remembers? Or will he use this to his advantage to hold true to his word, letting her continue on without him as if he never existed? Chapter One Who Am I? All around me are familiar faces, Worn out places, worn out faces -Gary Jules, "Mad World" "Retrograde amnesia?" "Yes. She sustained a very heavy blow to the head." "My daughter has amnesia?" "Yes. That's why she has no memory of you or anyone else." "How long will it last? She'll eventually snap out of it, right?" "Most likely, yes." "'Most likely'? Christ, Doc, elaborate for me a little. I feel like I'm living in a damn soap opera, here." "Some cases result in permanent brain damage. With some cases, short-term or long-term memory loss can persist the patient throughout the rest of their lives. What she has-retrograde amnesia-is quite rare. I can't really say the likelihood of her full recovery, but I believe that the odds are in her favor. Regardless, it could take anywhere from mere hours to weeks for her to return to some semblance of normalcy." "What should I do until then? Keep her at home? Would she even be able to keep up in school?" "Her intelligence shouldn't be affected. That's two different types of memory and stored in totally different locations in the brain. She could readily jump right back into academics. It's the social aspect of school that concerns me. I'm going to write her an excuse, keep her out of school for a little while. The stress of being surrounded by so many faces she doesn't recognize might be a little much for her right now. Until she recovers, mostly keep a close eye on her and, above all, be patient. Even after she's released to go home, she may have spotty memory of parts of her day; that's completely normal. Mind how you question her, too. Don't ask her if she remembers the way to somewhere or how to do something, just ask her if she can. She'll have to rely more on reflexive memory than consciously trying to recall." "So I should just hand my daughter a set of keys and ask her to drive herself to the store in her condition?" "Absolutely not! Just start small, like asking her to grab you something from somewhere in the house. Or ask her to make supper." "Should I show her pictures or tell her stories to jog her memory?" "No, Mr. Swan. The reminder effect does nothing for someone suffering from retrograde amnesia; you'll only stress her. Let it come to her. The only known cures are time and patience." "Will she be different, Doc? I mean her personality." "That one is hard to say. Personality is rooted in so many different causes. Likes in food or smells or sensation shouldn't change because her senses are the same. Aspects of her that are conditioned from past experiences which are now forgotten? ... Yes, it's possible." "... Thanks, Doc. I'm sorry. I know I'm giving you a hard time..." "I understand, Mr. Swan. I wish I could give you more definite answers, but there are very few when dealing with amnesia, especially one so rare. Just don't give up hope. Bella seems to be doing very well." I stared out of the window in the room that I've been told is mine. Being told it's mine and feeling that it's mine are different things, however. It still felt a lot like I was staying in someone else's spare bedroom. Raindrops slide down the glass slowly, streaking the surface as they make impact. It rains here a lot, I thought to myself and not for the first time. I can't really say how long I've been sitting here, but I can't find a single reason as to why I should move. I can feel puffy bags weighing down underneath my eyes and each blink makes them feel itchy and cry for them to shut. Sleep has been an elusive creature since I woke up in the hospital, broken and defective. It's always weird dreams or pondering the gigantic hole in my memory that plagues me and keeps me up all night. Realizing that you don't actually know who you are is a really weird feeling. Surprisingly, there's very little panic involved until someone tells you that you should know these things. Before that, I was only mildly confused as to where I was and how I got there. Of course, I knew that I was in a hospital, but I was awake in that hospital, so I was pretty sure that I was going to be okay. Until I was told that my brain was broken. It isn't an easy thing to hear. For some reason, being told that a bone is broken isn't nearly as rattling as being told that something in your brain is fried. I guess that's because a leg, while a part of you, isn't what defines you and makes you... well, you. It's been a little under a week since I've returned from the hospital. Dr. Fredericks said I should be patient, that if I just relax and don't force it, that my memory will come back on its own. The way he explains it, I'd hit my forehead really hard while jumping off of a cliff-which really makes me wonder if I want to remember everything, actually-and that it affected my episodic memory. Basically, I can work a cell phone and recite all fifty states, but every personal event or experience in my life is gone. Temporarily. Y'know, hopefully. He said I may never remember the events immediately before I jumped off a cliff, so I may never recall why I wanted to do something so utterly idiotic, but I guess that's what I have friends for. Jacob Black and his entourage of Native American boys have been a constant since I woke up. According to Charlie (who's apparently my dad), Jacob and I were inseparable before the incident. Charlie said that he was the one who saw me jump and saved my life. I don't remember Jacob, but I get good feelings when he's around, so I imagine that they must be telling me the truth. He said that he would be coming over today, but I don't know when. Like I said, nothing but good vibes from Jacob, but he definitely acts suspicious at times. I think Jacob must be really bad at hiding things because making a girl suffering from amnesia suspicious that you're hiding something after only twenty-four hours of knowing you sounds really impressive to me. Finally, I rise from the bed and begin to take another tour of my room in hopes of jogging my memory. Honestly, there isn't much here to help give my brain a jump-start. It's sort of weird that I don't have any pictures or anything after a year of living here. According to my dad and the amount of "Get Well" cards, I was pretty popular in school and I went out a good amount with my friends. Didn't normal people take photos of outings? Where were those for me? Charlie must not be good at hiding things, either, because when I asked him why my room was so barren, he gave vague excuses or changed the subject. Whatever the reason, the only things I really have are my dinosaur computer and a shelf of books. I clearly have a thing for the classics. A knock on the door breaks into my thoughts and I turn to see who it is. Since returning home, Charlie has kind of made it obvious that he'd rather my door remain open when I can do so. I think he's scared that I'll forget what a pair of scissors are for and stab myself with them. He has the same maddening expression of deep-seated worry and tentative hope that has been his mask for almost a week. "Hey, Dad," I greet. Honestly, I still don't remember Charlie, either, but I do everything that I can to make it less obvious in front of him. The pain in his face when he realizes that he's still a stranger to me is unbearable. "Hey, Bella," he replied, heavy emphasis on my name. Just in case I forgot again, I guess. I suppose I should be grateful for his consideration, but I can feel a small bit of resentment edging itself into my gut. "How are you feeling?" "Better," I say, "A little more clear-headed." I see Charlie's eyes light up and feel a small twinge of guilt. I'd taken to telling him vague statuses that suggest improvement. I honestly can't keep watching his face fall each time that I tell him that I feel the same as I did an hour ago. "Good," Charlie replied with a genuine smile. "Jacob's here for you. He's waiting in the kitchen." "Oh. Okay. Great," I said, wishing I'd started getting ready earlier. "I'll be down soon." Once Charlie had excused himself, I grabbed my bag of hygiene supplies and crossed the hall into the face in the mirror was still a stranger, all brown eyes and hair and ghostly-pale skin. I didn't really have a strong opinion on my looks either way. If I was being honest, I'd describe myself as plain. I wasn't ugly or lacking, I just wasn't someone who'd stand out in a crowd. I wet my toothbrush and applied the paste hurriedly. I didn't want to keep Jacob waiting and I was also a little eager to see him. Jake was my rock so far. He was there from the moment I woke up and he's been such a breath of relief since. From his smile to his patience to his easy-going nature, Jacob Black was exactly what the doctor ordered. It also didn't hurt that he was easy on the eyes... Okay, Bella, let's focus on remembering what you did last week before getting a love life. After washing my face and running a brush through my hair, I got changed in my room (a light, taupe sweater and jeans) and headed downstairs to see Jacob. Charlie was there as well, sitting at the table with a bowl of cereal and a glass of orange juice. I was surprised to see that Jacob didn't also have breakfast before him. The kid was like a black hole when it came to food and he was definitely family. It was the norm to see Jake sitting around our table for any meal of the day. The strength of