The Twilight Twenty-Five thetwilight25 dot com Prompt: 1. Ancient Main Character: Edward Rating: M Word Count: 4407 The Coveted Ancient, Puzzle Box ~EPOV~ I could hardly contain my excitement as I looked upon the box before me. It was almost unbelievable to me that after years of searching for this ancient treasure, it was finally sitting right here before me. I had almost given up finding it. Admittedly, in the back of mind I'd prepared for the possibility that it would remain lost to me forever. I had hoped that wouldn't be the case. Now, it was here before me. I was a jumble of emotions at the sight of it. But, most of all, I was grateful to my love, Bella, for having procured it for me. "Well, aren't you going to open it?" Bella asked eagerly, no doubt anxious to see what was contained inside. "You can't tell me that I went to all the trouble of getting this ancient treasure box only to have you just stare at it." "I'm savoring the moment," I replied. "I had been searching for this box for so long. I almost can't believe that it's right here sitting in front of me. Truthfully, I thought that maybe this day would never come. I had tried and failed on so many occasions to procure this box. I thought that maybe I'd meet my end and have to live a life unfulfilled because I'd never found this one treasure box. Bella, you have no idea how grateful I am that you've delivered this box to me." "Yeah, yeah, you're grateful, Edward. I get that," she spouted, obviously bored with my sentimentality. "You've already showed me over and over how truly grateful you are. I mean, if you were anymore appreciative, I think my pussy would end up going on strike. Not that I'm complaining," giving me a wink in the process. I had to smile, fondly recalling the memories. Bella was referring to the marathon sex session we'd had after she'd surprised me with the gift of the treasure box. I had definitely showed her my gratitude by fucking her six ways to Sunday, but also by making sweet love to her like she deserved, especially since she was my most precious acquisition and treasure to date. We christened and defiled practically every surface of this house of ours. I just could not get enough of her. As much as it was wrong of me to allow her to partake in such debauchery, having her become sore and extremely exhausted in the process, allowing her to have very little rest, Bella was a trooper and repeatedly hadn't rejected any of my advances. She was open to anything I wanted in order to "show her my appreciation." On top of that, she gave to me just as good as she got. Damn, how I loved the woman. Needless to say, we had both been exhausted from all the strenuous activity and had not returned to examine the box until now, some twenty-four hours later. I can understand why Bella's patience was running low. "C'mon Edward, open it already," Bella whined. "I wanna see what's inside. I wanna see what is so damn important that you had to have this particular box. You've had me intrigued since you'd first told me about it. Not to mention annoyed that you've kept me in the dark till now as to what's contained inside. Curiosity is killing me here." "And I've appreciated your patience, your restraint, and your loyalty, my love. I think anyone else would've let their curiosity get the best of 'em and would've opened the box already, not to mention have kept the treasure inside for themselves." "Well, I'm not just anyone else," she retorted back. "Indeed, you're not," I agreed. Bella is one special lady. Not only because she was the only one that had been able to break through my walls and capture my heart, which in my opinion, took some special skill on her part, but also because she was able to accomplish what I could not, despite all the money and resources I had put into trying to procure this ancient treasure box. For a man that usually got what he wanted at all costs and never really failed at anything, it was difficult for me to admit that I was having difficulty acquiring this particular treasure box. That never really happened before. I mean, if I wanted the fucking authentic Mona Lisa painting hanging in the Louvre, I could get the painting and adorn my walls with it. That is how limitless my power was. However, this treasure box had always eluded me. Again, I could never be more grateful to Bella. I would spend till the end of my days repaying her for this gift. I would have to show her my appreciation daily. I was looking forward to that. Bella started to smirk. I bet she knew exactly where my mind was going. That woman could read me like a book. I had yet to ask how Bella even got a hold of this treasure box exactly. I gathered it must've not been the easiest of tasks. If it had been easy, I would've already possessed it, saving Bella a lot of time and trouble. However, knowing Bella the way I do, I knew she had her ways of getting what she wanted. Her powers of persuasion were unmatched and her intelligence as well. In fact, she's one of the smartest women I know. It's how she'd been able to evade capture despite her criminal ways, which only I really know about. What I also loved about her was that she was a woman after my own heart. In a lot of ways, she's the female version of me, albeit only a lot more ruthless and cunning. She, like me, went after what she wanted and there was no stopping her. When she had set her sights on me, I had no hope. I knew my bachelor days were over. Maybe because she was a lot like me is why we got along so well. We're a perfect match in my opinion. "You had made it your life's mission to acquire this ancient box. When we got together, it became my mission too. Because I love you, I would've never disrespect you by thinking to steal it or even open it. Heck, I really have no idea of its value. You want it, I had opportunity to get it, and so there it is. But, I admit my patience is running out. I may just have to see what's inside for myself if you don't get on with it." "How did you get it?" I had to ask. "Ugh...you're stalling," she groaned. "I'm honestly curious how you were able to accomplish what I hadn't been able to all these years." "Maybe it's because I know all the right people." I had to smile at that. She only spoke the truth. As connected as I was in our world, Bella was even more so. "No, really...tell me. After it's last known whereabouts, I thought that the box might be lost forever. How many people did you actually have to kill to acquire it?" "Baby, you wound me. Murdering people isn't always the only way to be able to get something you covet." "Maybe so, but as difficult as it had been to acquire this box, I have to think that someone had to die for it to come into your possession." "I assure you, no one died," Bella stated proudly. "No one even came close to dying. No one even got hurt." "What? That is unbelievable. It must've cost you a small fortune, then. How many millions did you end up spending?" "Not a dime," she replied with a gleam in her eye. "Then how?" I was dying to know by this point. I was completely perplexed. In my own efforts to acquire this particular ancient box, a lot of people had died, lots of bloodshed in general, tons of money was spent, and lots of other resources, time, and efforts were used, and I personally sacrificed so much. However, I still failed to take possession of it. I thought I had used every trick that I knew of, not to mention everything in my arsenal, to be able to acquire this particular box. I had put a lot of blood, sweat, and tears into the effort of acquiring this box, beginning from the time I'd found out that it had been excavated from the wreckage of a sunken ship. I'd even almost lost my own life on a few occasions in trying to get this box. I couldn't even fathom how Bella could've accomplished the task without shedding any blood, spending any money, or losing her own life in the process. There had to be a catch. Now my brain was reeling as to what that catch was. "Did you make a deal with the Devil?" I urged her to answer me. "Maybe that's just for me to know. Edward, as well as we know one another, I know you still have your own secrets. I think it's only fair that I have mine." "Bella," I growled, increasingly becoming angry. I was starting to worry as to what price we'd both be paying for now possessing the box. "Tell me exactly how you were able to accomplish the feat of acquiring the box. What kind of deal did you make? Are you, or we, in some kind of danger now? You have to let me know, so I can prepare accordingly." "Does it really matter how I got the box? Isn't it more important to focus on the fact that I got the box that you have coveted for so long?" Bella was being evasive and defensive, which worried me greatly. I had to know what price she paid for us to have the box now and so I could avoid the toll and trouble. If the price was too high, I'd rather send the box back to where it came from and never think of it again. I could not lose Bella. That was not an option. "Why won't you tell me?" "Why do you need to know? I thought you'd just be happy that you finally have it in your hands." "Because I'd rather not have it if the price means losing you somehow, in some way. I value you, our relationship, more than this ancient treasure box. I can live without ever having this box in my possession, but I can't live without you. If it comes down to the box or you, Bella, I'll always choose you. You can't tell me that there was no price to pay for having the box come into your possession. I know better. It just didn't fall into your lap. So, I want to know how you came about getting it and what are the consequences. Really, Bella, if the stakes are too high, I'd rather the box be returned and we forget about it." Bella shook her head at me. "After all this time, you still underestimate me. Please know that I would never do anything to jeopardize our relationship. I love you and I don't take our relationship lightly or for granted. I'm not about to let you go. So, your fear of losing me over this box, put that to rest right now. Trust me when I say that you don't have to worry about any other consequences. There will be no payback, no trouble, and certainly no one will be coming after you or us." "But, I don't understand," I told her honestly, because I really didn't understand. I couldn't wrap my mind how it would be possible to have this box and there not be consequences or a considerable price to pay. "There had to be a cost for us to own this."