Disclaimer: Everything related to the Twilight saga is the property of Stephanie Meyer. Summit Entertainment owns all the rights to the Twi saga films. I only own writing this story, plot lines and all. No copyright infringement intended. A/N: This is the new/old chapter story I've been working on releasing for a while now. It was a long process of writing, revising, & reorganizing it to make me satisfied enough to bring it to the public, but now I think it'll be as ready as it will ever be. This is my second attempt at a larger scale story here on FF. Hopefully, you readers are enjoying my first offering, How Did I Fall In Love With You . Don't worry, I didn't abandon it. I'm hard at work on that one simultaneously and new chapter updates are coming together and so that too will updated shortly. I know I've been away for quite a while, and I apologize. Like I've mentioned, I've been very sick. The fact of the matter was that I got pregnant & experienced the worst first trimester morning sickness any woman could experience-it was in the extreme sense. It incapacitated me beyond belief and reduced me to a bedridden mess. I've finally passed all that now and so I'm anxious to catch up and get back to my routine of writing. Hopefully, y'all stayed with me throughout this ordeal. I am back and hoping to better update my stories and provide you, my readers, some satisfaction once again. Last note: I always have to give a special thank you to my faithful, loving fic wifey, my beta Cheermom. I missed not being able to give work to edit, but at least she got a very deserving vacation from her beta duties. She knows now that the fun has once again begun. She did a tremendous job on this one and returned it with the utmost speed so that I may post it quickly. I was quite impressed. I guess she missed the good ole' beta work. That's why I love her so much! Not to mention that she was a great support while I was sick. ENJOY THE STORY! PLEASE LEAVE ME SOME REVIEWS Chapter 1 ~Bella~ I couldn't idly stand by anymore just letting the latest fight run its course. I had already grown weary of all of this fighting. Every fucking time it was the same old bullshit being spouted over and over again. The same issues were always being rehashed with no fucking solutions in sight. What started out as attempts at simple discussions always ended up turning into screaming matches. This latest round of playing the blame game was the final straw. Jacob and I constantly trying to figure out our life together was exhausting, and I no longer had any energy left to deal with all the emotional turmoil. It had all become too much. I had felt cornered, with the walls slowly closing in, for a while. I knew I was suffocating and drowning in this sea of misery I called my life. I had to get away now. I needed time alone to try to sort out this whole mess of a life I had with Jake. Getting away was the only way I knew to be able to keep a hold of my sanity any longer. I needed to be anywhere but here. I didn't care where or how long I'd be there, I just had to get far away now. Away from Jacob. Away from both of our fathers, whom Jacob had again dragged into our latest bout of fighting. Away from Forks entirely. I inched closer and closer to the key holder conveniently hanging by our front door. None of the men in the house noticed, they were too engrossed in their own ramblings with one other. I grabbed my purse and my coat from the nearby coat tree, and then the car keys to my new car, feeling that it would serve as a more suitable getaway vehicle over my jalopy of a truck, even though I loved driving that truck. The last thing I needed was for my truck to impede my getaway. With everything in hand, and making a last minute check to make sure that Jake and our fathers were still shouting at each other and not bothering with me, I bolted out through the front door and hurled myself into the safe haven of my car. The quiet inside was very welcomed. I locked the doors, turned on the headlights, and gunned the engine. I was sure to gain their attention now, but it didn't matter to me anymore, because they wouldn't be able to catch me once I hit the road. Jacob came busting through the front door, realizing my impending getaway, and began making his way over. I temporarily blinded him with the headlights when I turned the high beams on. Once he got his bearings, we locked eyes, and from that brief moment, I could tell from his darkened expression that he already knew what I was about to do. Without a second thought, I shifted the car into reverse and floored the gas pedal, making a bee-line out of the long driveway. Jacob ran after me, arms flailing, yelling for me to stop, most likely; however, I kept going. As I made my way onto the main road, I pushed the car into illegal speeds and broke dozens of traffic laws, probably much to my Chief of Police father's chagrin if he ever found out, determined to escape as far as I could before I would have to stop for the night due to fatigue. Furthermore, I didn't want Jacob or my father catching up to me. In the meantime, the cell phone, which I was surprised I actually had kept in my purse, started ringing and chiming alerts to new text messages incessantly, breaking the silence in the car. No doubt it was Jacob, our fathers, and whomever else they recruited to wage this campaign trying to make contact. Trying to get me to come to my senses, I'm sure. Hmphh. I tried to ignore it, however, the incessant ringing and chiming kept continuing. It seemed a constant loop of calls and texts and it was quite distracting and highly annoying. Frankly, it had started to give me a headache because of all the noise. I found solace in the previous silence, it helped me think, hence why I hadn't even bothered to turn on the radio, and I wanted that back. I reached over to shut the cursed phone off; however, not before Jacob's latest text popped up on the screen. B, pls. come bk! Don't run away! Just STOP ! Let's cont. 2 talk. Pls!-J T alk...pfttt..was that what we were doing before I ran off? That text sent new waves of anger pulsing through me. I pressed the "off" button, with no intention of ever turning it on again in the near future, and forcefully threw it back into my purse. I would have no part in communicating with Jacob, or anyone else for that matter, until I was good and ready, and right now I wasn't in any mood to have them try and talk me out of my impromptu road trip. Jacob and our fathers would realize soon enough that I wasn't planning on returning any time soon. Admittedly, I didn't exactly know where I was going or when and where I would be stopping. I hadn't really thought that far ahead, just acting upon impulse and reflex. I just knew I had to run away & buy myself a few days of solitude. I needed a reprieve from Jake, our dads, and Forks to process this latest argument and assess my entire life without any interference. I knew the time had come to make some tough decisions regarding my life. Despite everyone back in Forks who screamed otherwise, it was my life. I needed to do what's right for me. Of course, in leaving so hurriedly, I wasn't exactly prepared for such a trip. I only had the clothes on my back, one usable credit card, and the small amount of cash that was left in my wallet. I needed to refill on gas before boarding the ferry to cross over to Seattle. It seemed like a good time to take a break, stretch my legs a bit, and get some much needed supplies for my road trip, at least what I can get from a gas station convenience store. I didn't know if Seattle was going to be my ultimate destination, it didn't seem far enough away yet from Forks, but it was going to be a good place to rest for the night. When morning light came I'd make more concrete plans. As I rummaged through my purse, I was thankful to find that I had apparently brought my last paycheck from the Port Angeles bookstore where I used to work. In all the craziness, it must've slipped my mind that I collected it earlier. It was a great discovery since now it would allow me to cash it in the morning and be able to go shopping for better supplies for my road trip which brought a huge smile to my face. Now, the open highway stretched out in front of me, and I could literally go anywhere I decided, my options no longer limited by my haste to escape. I immediately grabbed a cup of coffee inside the convenience store, a map, a directory for Seattle, and began gathering a few supplies for the night like toiletries and a t-shirt to sleep in. I paid with what little cash I had on hand choosing to save the small limit on the one card I owned for gas and motel costs. I was grateful for my mom and stepfather Phil for giving it to me. I was supposed to use it for a massive shopping trip for myself, but this seemed a decent alternative. I couldn't use any of the other cards I had on hand and risk Charlie being able to track me. Small town Chief of Police or not, he was still a cop and had resources. The last thing I wanted was for him to find out where I was and collect me to take back home. I had some time before catching the next ferry, and needing to relax a bit, I lingered in the tiny cafe area of the gas station store just decompressing till I had drunk all my coffee and did some research. Using my map and Seattle directory, I was able to find a cheap, hideaway hotel where I decided would be a good place to spend the night, and there was even a convenient 24 hour diner right inside where I could probably have a late night meal and breakfast in the morning. I knew that I shouldn't let Charlie worry, so I decided to open my phone back up and give him a call. He would have surely gone home by now and be away from Jacob. I'm sure he found a way to placate Jacob for the time being. As soon as I opened the phone it was already ringing and chiming. I rolled my eyes and shut off all the tones. Jacob wasn't done waging his campaign to contact me apparently. I dialed Charlie's home number and he answered on the first ring, probably having some intuition that it was me. I explained the situation and begged him to give me the time I needed. He was understandably worried, but he knew better than to try to talk me out of my plan. I inherited his stubborn streak plus he knew that legally I was an adult and could rightfully make this decision . While he wasn't too happy about my decision to take time away, he respected it, promised not to force return