A/N: Chapters are being fixed for grammar errors. This one has been fixed by my awesome new Beta Sara (She may or may not be the sister of Tegan and part of my most favorite band) she's awesome. Please read and Review. Do you really want to know who owns Twilight? Are you sure you want to know? It sure as hell isn't me, it's some chick called Stephanie Mayer. Like, she has Michael Mayer's last name, wtf? What if there cousins and Michael Mayer's is looking for her to slash her or some shit? Does she think her vampire's are going to help her? STEPHANIE YOU SHOULD HAVE USED A FAKE NAME BECAUSE NOW YOUR COUSIN MICHAEL MAYERS IS GONNA SLASH YOU! And that was my odd thought of the day. Ch.1 Finding Bpov I can hear the soft pitter patter of rain drops hitting the floor, the leaves and the rocks that surround me. I can feel it hitting my thick black fur which makes the silver stripes of my fur turn a dull grey. A few more minutes and my fur would be completely soaked through, not the most comforting thought. It occurs to me that I have been in the area a lot longer than the places I had previously been, further unsettling me; but there is something about this spot that seems to draw me in, I just can't find the will to leave. I decide to stop in a cave at the base of a mountain, stretching and feeling my claws dig into the rocky surface of the cave that would temporarily serve as my home. I look around the dark space and shake my fur to get the water out of it before releasing a sigh as I rest my head on my paws; a droplet hitting me right on the top of my head. I use my paw to wipe it off and frown as I try to imagine my hands and my human face. After a while, the rain stops so I slowly stand and stretch my body before walking to the mouth of the cave. I catch my reflection in a puddle as I creep out of the cave and find myself wondering when the last time I actually walked on two feet and ate with my hands was? 'Well... there is a full moon every month… there were two blue moons this year so - ten years? What? No, that can't be right. I did make use of Alaska for around a decade, then Russia, back to Alaska, then to Brazil; up to Texas and then up north back to Alaska then down here, until I hit this state. I honestly can't remember the last time I was fully human, other than some scattered moments when I had to change back to follow a vampire and kill it. I stop cold on my paws and frown. 'Why haven't I changed in so long? Victor.' I roll my eyes and growl lowly as I leap from the mouth of the cave; a low thud sounding as I land, and walk out to the woods, hoping over rocks. My strut slowly increases in speed. 'Twelve years? Maybe twenty, possibly around twenty two. Well, it's been worse.' I shake my head and stop my pace to listen; my ears twitching at the small noises. Everything seems calm, considering the time of night; most animals are asleep. I allow my claws to dig in to the soft moist earth, and my ears to zone in on a heartbeat. I launch my body forward and jump over the huge ledge, landing three feet away from a full grown buck. I leap just as he rears off and the chase lasts less than a second before he is on the ground. I snap his neck and howl lowly before I start eating from him. After I finish off my buck, I lick my snout and go to a creak to clean up a bit before I launch forward running at full speed. Running is all I really ever did. I love it, it clears my head. It makes me feel free, like the animal that I have embraced. The, almost, full moon shining above is pure white. The black night surrounds me as I run across this new peaceful land. I slow to a strut when I reach a cliff face by the ocean. I sniff the air and look at the moon before letting out a loud howl. Instinct. I walk over to the ledge, leaping over some ragged boulders. I hear the waves further away and I step back a few feet before launching forward and landing swiftly on the other side of the woods. I pad along until I reach the edge of the sea cliffs and look down at the black water. 'Hmmmm, maybe I should consider going human in this town for a bit.' I missed interaction with other humans. Another corner of a different sea cliff catches my attention and I walk back in to the woods and walk slowly through the trees, enjoying the salty tang of the water and the smell of the animals in the area. Once I reach the stuck out edge of my target I look at the moon again and howl loudly, just warning any other werewolf that I am here and that they should leave the area. I sneeze when the smell of wet dog hits my nose. I huff, 'stupid shape shifters.' I take off to the right, launching out of their territory. The last thing I want is for shape shifters to realize a werewolf is in the area. That won't end well; for them. I retrace my steps and I hear the fast heart beat from shape shifters a few miles or so behind me. I bark a laugh as I zig zag across the ground, confusing the filthy half breeds and hopefully losing them, before I jump over a gap to the south of this land and its heading north. The smell of vampire crosses my nose and I cough, 'damn. You're kidding right?' 'Shape shifters and vampires are neighbors?' I shake my head, 'this town is odd.' I get to the edge of the woods and sigh in the fresh air. 'Finally,' I walk slowly through the trees, not making a sound. Plodding along, I feel a sharp stab on my leg and I whimper as it begins to burn. I look down to see a bear trap. I growl as I try to shake it off but it only cuts in deeper. A familiar burn lances through the wound, 'you're kidding. A fucking silver bear trap? This must be century's old. No... no one would use silver for something as stupid as a bear trap. Unless.' I tug at my leg and see that the bear trap snaps off its chain. I hop forward on three legs only to feel the ground under my feet shift. I leap as the ground I was on sinks in to a dark pit. I make my way carefully and look down to see silver stake's sticking out of the ground. This could only be one thing; Victor. I look around before I shift back quickly, almost unable to contain my yell as the searing pain of the silver burns at my skin. I grind my teeth and tighten my jaw before I grab hold of the bear trap and force it open enough to pull my leg out. I release the contraption as the burning on my skin gets worse. I force the tears in my eyes to stop and stand shakily on my human feet. I look down at my leg, its bleeding profusely and it's uncomfortable for me to walk. I clench my jaw every time I force myself to take a step as I try and limp my way out of this trap infested area. I start to hobble faster, noticing that the only thing covering me at all is a loose tattered white shirt and a pair of brown slacks that have been ripped in to shorts. I shake my head as I manage to stagger in to a river and fall in. The cold water helps the burning on my skin just enough for me to look around on alert. If I know Victor, and I do, he must be close. He wouldn't leave his traps unsupervised; he's too paranoid for it. I take a deep breath, go under the water and try to pull out the small strands of silver that have etched in to my skin. My lungs start to hurt from lack of air and with my last bubble of oxygen gone, I swim back up and try to stay in the river. I let the current drag my body down the canal, I try to avoid getting my scent on anything. The silver is wearing down my human body and the moon does little to help, as its not on the full moon. I try to focus on my energy and senses when i hear the off sound of fast steps on the forest floor. I take a deep breath, dunk under the water and hold on to a rock, hoping beyond hope that if it is Victor he does not see me. I try and lay as flat as i can in the darkness under the water but see a pale figure standing at the edge of the river. It touches the water before jumping over the stream. I don't risk surfacing so close, so I stick to the shadows as long as my lungs allow me in the water. After a few minutes I resurface, hopefully far enough away that Victor would be long gone. I hear a snap of twigs and claw my way out of the river on the other side of the noise and stand on my good leg. I look around the thick shadows and let my eyes shine so that it looks as clear as day. I hear the whoosh of running and duck down but not fast enough as Victor takes a fistful of my shirt and slams me against the rocks and fallen trees. I tumble a few feet and land with a low grunt. I try to breathe as deep as i can but it hurts to expand my lungs. I feel a cold hand connect with my neck as it pulls me up and smashes me against a live tree, its bark cutting at this weak human flesh. As I open my eyes to stare in to ruby red eyes, I smirk. "Hello, darling. Long time no see." he growls. "Victor, how many times do I have to beat you so you can finally understand, I will always win." I state. "You shouldn't be saying that, since you're the one with a hand breaking your neck." he says and squeezes. I growl at him and his strength falters enough so that my good leg kicks him away and I can shift. My paws meet the ground and I run towards Victor and clenching my jaw around his shoulder as I launch him in to the woods. I don't like this place. It stinks of vampire and honestly, I'm not strong enough at the moment to deal with more than one vampire. My hackles rise and roar as Victor slowly claws out of the tree I buried him in, "Bad, dog. Don't you know you're supposed to heal." he snarls. I bark a laugh and tense my good leg, hoping he won't notice my limping leg. "You mutts always were the ones to stand and fight. Probably why your species is extinct." he hisses. I growl lowly, trying not to let his words sink in. There had to be more of my kind. I hadn't heard the small click until it was too late and I see a silver strand