Summery: Bella is the total package: brains, style, money, looks and popularity. She's also the Forks high's Bad Girl/Player, that swings both ways. What happens when the Cullen's move in to tow and Alice is absorbed by her mystery that is Bella Swan. And will she figure out her secrets? A/N: Welcome people of all… places? Watev's look, I was listening to one of my favorite bands Tatu and this idea came up about Alice and Bella. If you don't like fanfics with them as a couple then do not read it. Or do, don't really care. I'm still continuing Shadows of a Star im just a bit blocked on how to go from there. It's not even near the ending but I wanted to write this story for sooooooooo freaking long! xD ok, well enough of me bugging you guys. Read and Review! Plz! Oh, and I wrote this because it was needed that in a fanfic Bella be the bad ass! She needs to be a bad ass! Not like most fanfics where she's either supper shy, clumsy and stuff. Ch.1 Bpov I awoke to an annoying beeping noise that could only be classified as my fucking alarm clock. I start fumbling with my hands against the night stand only to hit something sharp. "Mother fucker." I growl and take the blanket off my eyes. I look at the night stand to see thumb tacks all around the alarm, who the fuck?... oh, right. My idea. I sigh and sit up on the bed running a hand through my hair, I chuckle when I see the thumb tacks, Jake had given me the idea while we were both stoned as shit and me being the crazy bitch I am, did it. I laugh to my self as I get off the bed and silence the damn clock. I look in the mirror and smirk, I'm only in my underwear. And shit, I look hot. My soft tanned skin giving me just a bit of a glow, my long brown hair and my deep brown chocolate eyes. I grin as I poke my abdomen, fit as a fiddle. I sigh and chuckle as I remember my toddler years when I couldn't even walk over a flat surface. How lucky I am that I grew out of it and my hand eye coordination also is better. I walk over to the bathroom and turn on the shower and brush my teeth while the water has a chance to get warm. I peel of my underwear and bra and step in to the steaming shower my muscles relaxing so sweetly. I take a medium long shower and when I step out I walk back to my room. After I get dressed in black Jeans, a black wife beater and a button up long-sleeved purple plaid shirt –left open- I grab my awesome motorcycle boots and slip them on. I look at the mirror and sigh while I contemplate what to do with my hair. After a minute I sigh and decide to go with the usual, just woke up out of bed curly hair with hair gel and hair spray. After I was done I go to the dresser and put on some eyeliner, lip gloss and grabbed my black sunglasses off and walked down stairs. And yes I know its stupid to have sunglasses in the sunless town of Forks but I like them, they keep my eyes hidden and I know it was the only thing that showed emotion. I also liked that they gave me the sense of mystery and danger. But in simpler term's –the one I gave my… acquaintance's- is that they made me feel cool. I walk down the stairs and frown a bit to my self, "I should have moved out…" I mumble as I feel the loneliness creep in. I grab a bowl of cereal and sit down at the table mulling over my thoughts, I'm Isabella Marie Swan. I prefer Bella, my mom died when I was 10 in a car jacking gone wrong and my father died last year of cancer. I'm seventeen years old but I am so close to my birthday I sweet talked and bribed my way out of a foster home. I get a monthly visitor to check on my 'state of mind' but seeing as I support my self they don't really bother me. My mother and father apparently were from money, old money. My great, great-grandfather or some shit like that had invented some weird beer that was a huge hit in Europe. I had people who handled the beer industry, my trusty friend and supposed guardian Jason Jenks. So I had a massive income and don't have to deal with all the shit of that business. And so I had more cash then I needed, a big house, a great car and lived by my self. Practically any teens dream, only that sometimes when I allow to think to myself… I miss my parents. I shake my head out of my thoughts and grimace when my cereal is all mushy, I dispose of the soggy cereal, clean my bowl and grab my key's from the counter. I walk back to my room to grab my cell phone, cigarettes, lighter, and walk back down to grab my backpack from the living room and walk out of the house. I walk over to the garage and open it with the button and grin when I see my babies, a black Mercedes McLaren Roadster and my black with red detail 2012 Suzuki Hayabusa. They were the most ostentatious cars in town and I loved them. My motorcycle wasn't for everyone, only for people who knew what they were doing, like me. The horse power this baby had, was something to be bargained with. But, even though I loved my bike, my Mercedes was the car I mostly drove. I only used the bike on sunny day's or on cloudy but dry days. Unless I would travel out-of-town for one of my dates, then I would switch it up ever once in a while. I chuckle to my self and get in my Mercedes. I rev the engine and pull out quickly, I didn't bother looking around seeing as I lived on the outskirts of the town. I clicked the button that would close my garage and checked my clock. 7:34am. I still had forty-two minutes until school started, I take the phone from my pocket and dial-up Jake. "Hello?" he asks. I grin "Jake, you dressed fag?" I ask smiling leaning back in the car. I hear him growl "I'm not the gay one." He says chuckling. I smirk "So does that mean you're not dressed?" I ask in a low voice, I can't keep the smirk from my face. "I'm dressed, perv." He says. I pout "Aw, you ruin my fun. So anyway, I'm giving you a ride to school." I say to him. Not giving him the option to say no. He chuckles "Sure thing, Bells." He says. I grin "Awesome, I'm on my way now." I say and hang up. I lower my dark sunglasses, turn the stereo full blast, lower the roof and speed away. I drum my fingers along the steering wheel as I bob my head to the music. I stop at the red light and hear giggling. I look to the side to see Jessica and Lauren in the car next to me. I smile and lift my glasses up, I wink at Jessica and she giggles "Hey, Jessica." I say seductively. She was a good lay, but she was too clingy. I remember the excruciating puppy dog-ness from her. But still, there was only so many people I can fuck with in Forks. "Hey, Bella." She says and gives me a soft wave. I'm about to speak but the light turns green, I turn to Jessica give her a wink lower my sun glasses and speed off. I grin, all the way to La Push and stop in front of Jacob's house. Jacob walked quickly over to me and I waved at Billy as he walked out of the house and to his car. Charlie had helped Billy get a hip replacement that he had needed. Billy was in a wheel chair but now, after making a full recovery was walking again and looked like the happiest man alive. Jacob raises an eyebrow when he sees me. "You look hot." He says. I nod in thank you and after he gets in I turn and drive back to town. I lower the volume to allow conversation "So, what's up?" He asks. I grin, "Jessica still wants me." I say and I hear his chuckle. "Why am I not surprised?" He asks. I laugh. "I'm not sure, why is that?" I ask him. He shrugs "You're a player and you go both ways. Its impossible not to want you." He says smiling at me. I shrug "I need to keep my grounds open, can't get bored now can we?" I retort. He shrugs and I laugh at his hypocrisy. "Jake, you're as much as a player then I am. Stop moping and feel happy, this douche bag town won't know any better. All the girls are mostly bi curious and all the guys love a lesbian." I say. He sighs "That solves your problem, not mine." He says. I slow the car down and lift my sunglasses to look at him. "Your kidding right? We both know you enjoy to console whatever girl I dump. And for the one's that don't like me, which is about… half of them, you have probably banged a good percentage." I say to him as I pull in to the school. I look at the clock and see that its 8:02am. I grin and park in my space. Jake and I step out of the car and I hit the button for the cover to slip over it. I lean on my car and look at Jake. "We both know, that the problem isn't what we play with. It's what we will end up with." Jake says. I smile softly at him. "Jake, you'll find someone, trust me. Maybe not in this stupid little town but out there, you will find someone." I say. He nods and flashes me a grin and I can see his eyes that he is back. I laugh. "That's my boy." I say and we walk to the school. Jake and I separate ways and I get to class on time for a change. I can see Mr. Nash is surprised to see me enter early to class by the way he stops and inspects me. I ignore him and walk to the seat on the side of the class occupied by Jessica Stanley. I sit next to her desk and lean over to her "Hello, Jess." I say sweetly. "Bella." She says in a strange voice, its supposed to sound seductive. I grin at her fail, "I was wondering, how you have been? You haven't called me back in so long…" I trail off giving her a soft look. Her cheeks redden a bit and her eyes glaze over and I try to swallow my laughter. She's so fucking easy it's not even fun, she flips her hair over her shoulder "I've been busy." She says looking at me from under her lashes. I frown a fake frown but she will believe it, my eyes smolder a bit and by the way her breathing hitches for a moment I know she will fall, if only for a one night stand. I raise an eyebrow and lean in so close my lips almost brush her ear "We both know that your never busy enough for me Jess…" I say the 's' slowly and she shudders. Her eyes meet mine and she's looking at me in the signature 'I want