Time Will Tell A/N: I know, I shouldn't be starting yet another fanfic when my others are not complete, but when an idea comes into my head it nags at me until I actually sit down and write it. Yes, I always seem to fit myself into these stories, but it just gives me a bit of satisfaction ;) Hehehe! Have fun duckies, seeing as this is slightly different from my other fanfics... It actually features the Cullens :O 1667, London The dark clouds loomed over the smog-filled streets of London. The general hubbub of commuters and markets filled the choking air as the putrid stench of the Thames wafted throughout the backalleys. Fishing boats and merchant ships pushed their ways through the blackened waters that turned up more dead bodies than it did edible supplies. The main markets sat upon London Bride, it's noise and colour filling every sense for the towns people. Amongst the croud walked a young man, his hair a shining gold, his eyes seemed to be made of pure ice. He was tall, 6ft 2" and of a young age, only 25 summers. The well dressed individual carried himself well, his stride was long yet slow as if he were taking his time to get to a certain business. Amongst the women he was the talk of gossip, a young bachellor who had no intention of taking a bride, one that did not gamble his money on drink or the whore houses that plagued the streets of London. He was a distant man, like his father before him, he kept to himself. But unlike his father, he was quiet when going about his business and, many said, he was a lot smarter than his late father. Carlisle Cullen was a man that no one could fault, for his silence meant he did not draw unwanted attention, he was a cleanly man and when in a situation to socialise was a gentle, caring character. Like his late father, he was a hunter of the mythical. He followed in his fathers footsteps by trying to clean the world from the Devil's children; witches, vampires, werewolves and demons. However, he was a lot smarter, and bid his time when actually searching. He did not falsely accuse young women of witchcraft, or bring a sickly old man to justice for being pale and not liking sunlight. On this particular day, however, the young Mr Cullen was not on business, he was allowing himself the pleasure of an afternoon stroll around the town of his birth and upbringing. It didn't take much to please him, for he was not a complacent man like so many around him. He was a man of simple pleasures. The humid air and the heat of the crowded bridge was stifling, causing an uncomfortable air to run throughout the people as they slowly became agitated. The young man, seemingly undisturbed by the heat, continued on his journey, slowly searching with those intelligent grey eyes. A loose sewer cover rattled under the foot falls of the Londoners, going unnoticed by most but catching the eye of the young hunter. It wasn't unusual for things in London to fall apart, but the protective covers to lock the sewers stench in usually were high priority to be kept upgraded. Moving away from the thrum of the crowd Carlisle slowly made his way to the grate, pressing his hand to the top of it and shoving slightly. It moved easily away, and from the small opening came the most foul odour, of putrifying flesh or rotting meat. The young man backed away quickly, a hand covering his mouth and nose to ward off the horrendous stench. The smell was not normal, nor was it unfamiliar to him. It wasn't the first time that Carlisle had come across a lair of vampires, but this was the first time he had come across this type of smell and Carlisle automatically knew that this, was not just a single nomadic vampire. But a coven. Jerking backwards quickly, he did not think of the consequences of the action until he felt his entire body connect with another and both fell to the floor. Carlisle landed on his back, with the other ontop of him. Pain clouded his thoughts as he groaned slightly. His back felt bruised and his neck rang with sharp pain. Above him he heard an echoing groan of pain, followed shortly by a gasp of shock. "I am so sorry," the voice whispered, as if to mortified to speak any louder, "here let me help you up." Carlisle opened his eyes slowly, as if testing them for any abnormalities before spotting a hand pointed towards him. He took it and allowed himself to be hauled up by the person. Rubbing the back of his neck to ward off the pain Carlisle found himself looking into a pair of doe like eyes, they were a delicious form of brown and they seemed to latch onto his own grey ones. "Thank you, but the fault is entirely mine." He responded, not allowing himself to break contact with those eyes. After what seemed like hours to them both, but what could have only been a few seconds, they stepped back and Carlisle was offered a better look at the one who had both aided and injured him. Skin as pale as porcelain, hair that ran over her shoulders in deep, luscious waves the same colour as the eyes, a grass green dress with golden hemmings that clung to her upper body and fell from her hips. She was a beauty indeed. "Excuse me, I seem to have forgotten my manners," the woman seemed to chide herself as she shook her head, causing her hair to fall infront of her face momentarily. "I am Isabella, Isabella Carrow. And you are?" She smiled, the simple action brightening her entire face. "Carlisle Cullen, madame. If it's not to bold to say, ma'am, your name suits you aptly." He smiled in return, as he watched a furious blush spread itself onto her cheeks. It was a radiant site, and never had Carlisle felt himself drawn to another human being before. His father had always told him that mindless lust was the Devil trying to draw him to a path of sin, but looking at this girl Carlisle couldn't help but think that she was an angel from God, pulling him to a path of righteousness. In a moment of pure adrenaline filled foolishness Carlisle took Bella's hand and looked into her eyes again. "Miss Carrow, would you do me the honour of taking a walk with me along the riveside?" Another smile appeared on her face as she looked at their now joined hands. "I would be honoured, sir." She announced, as she looked up into his face. She had never seen such beauty before, he was something new and enchanting to her not like any of the men that she had seen before. Obviously she had heard of him through the idle gossip of the other maidens around her. He was a great item of gossip according to her sisters, Bella had not seen the man before this moment, and knew almost immediatley the reason for the gossip. The couple walked through the crowds of onlookers, those who witnessed the unlikely pair set about a fire of whispers and comments. Women glared enviously at the young Carrow girl, and the men outwardly bristled at the young Cullens luck. They walked beside the darkened waters, idly passing the time with small talk but generally contented with just eachothers company. As the sky slowly darkened, the sun sinking beneath the high townhouses of London. Looking down at the woman on his arm, Carlisle smiled contentedly and stopped walking. "Please allow me to escort you home, my dear?" He asked gently, her eyes found his and she nodded. "I would be honoured to have you escort me, Carlisle." She smiled as she quickly gave him directions to her home. He nodded, knowing the area well enough from his frequent trips to his fathers friends houses. Fellow hunters lived around the area, one's that James Cullen would call upon when going to find out his monsters. It was a short walk to Isabella's house, and that saddened Carlisle as it meant he would have to let go of her. When they reached her door Isabella turned to look at him. "Thank you, Carlisle, for a lovely afternoon." She offered, stepping up onto the first of the steps leading up to her door. On instinct Carlisle reached out and gripped her hand. "Might I see you again?" He asked, almost urgently for fear of never seeing her face again. She laughed at this, heat flushing through Carlisle's face at the sound. "Of course you may, Carlisle. Why not tomorrow?" He nodded eagerly, for fear of not being able to use his voice. Clearing his throat he stepped up to meet her eyes. "I'll call for you here. Until then." He searched her face, his hand coming to rest on her cheek as he slowly leant in. He was giving her room to move away if she so wished, but he hoped that she wouldn't. Her breathing slowed as she watched him, it wasn't proper to do this but she was damned already for the feelings towards this man. She leant up slowly until their lips met. The kiss was fleeting, but full of a passionate promise that sent sparks of electricity through them both. Pulling back Carlisle smiled down at the flushed Isabella, he took her hand and kissed her knuckles just as the door to her house opened. "Carlisle?" A confused male voice asked, causing both the youths attentions to turn to him. Isabella looked down and slowly stepped away from Carlisle, muttering a final farewell before slipping in past the man, and disappearing into her home. "Hello, Samuel. How are you?" Carlisle greeted his fathers oldest friend, and most frequent hunter. Looking into Sam's now red face Carlisle knew that he was not happy. "What, may I ask, where you doing with my daughter?" Sam's voice was shaking slightly with anger. Carlisle inwardly recoiled and reprimanded himself silently for not recognising the last name. Samuel Carrow was not a man to be trifled with. He was good with a sword, and even better with a shot. "We walked together this afternoon, and I escorted her home." Carlisle coughed uncomfortably, leaving out the part about the kiss for fear of never being able to Isabella again if he did say anything. To prevent anymore questions, Carlisle decided to change the topic onto another journey. "Sam, I need your help tonight. Gather your finest Hunter's and meet me on the bridge at ten. I have found a coven of vampires, and they must be exterminated as soon as possible." At the mention of vampires, Sam's eyes lit up and his colouring became slightly more normal. "Very well. The bridge at ten. We'll be there." Sam agreed and slowly closed the door on Carlisle's face. A few hours later Sam entered his home, his once clean shirt now bloodied and torn. His face was red and sweaty, his hair ruffled from running. Never before had he faced a force as great as this one tonight. Shock was coursing through his still adrenaline filled veins, as he slowly made his way into the living room. There on the sofa sat his three daughters and wife. They all looked up as he entered and immediatley all of their faces whitened in fear. "What happened?" Jane, his wife, asked as she rose up and placed her sewing down, she made her way over to him. She had never in thirty years of marriage seen her husband in this state. She called her eldest daughter, Mary, to aid her in helping her husband. "We found a lair... Of vampires." Sam spoke slowly, as if still in