Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or the concept of Harry Potter, they all belong to J.K. Rowling. Afternoon in Hogwarts, all the students were walking to and from class, while some were casually lounging in their common rooms, the library, the halls, or the great halls. While the students stay in their classroom learning and some are where they need to be, the professors were all in their respective classes, teaching their own students. It seems that everyone was busy doing what they need to do, however, there are residents in the castle that have nothing to do but float about, and they are the ghost of Hogwarts. There are various ghost that can be found in the school, like Moaning Myrtle of the girls' lavatory, Professor Binn, the Black Knight, and many more. The most notable ghost are the house ghost, each representative of the house they were once in. Nearly Headless Nick, The Fat Friar, The Grey Lady, and The Bloody Baron. All four of them create the ghost council of the school, and if anything or anyone new came into the school, in ghostly terms, they were the first to know. "And that is all for today… " Sir Nicholas said. All four house ghost were in an abandoned tower, conducting a meeting on current events. All were present and listening intently as they formed a circle around each other. The friar was in between Nicholas and the Grey Lady, the Grey Lady was in between the Friar and the Baron, the Baron was in between the Lady and Nicholas, and lastly, Nicholas was in between the Baron and the Friar. "Is there anything more that we need to discuss?" The Baron asked his fellow ghost. Everyone became silent but then the Friar shyly raised his hand. All looked at him for what he has to say. "I was wondering if we can talk over letting Peeves join the Feast in the great hall" The other three ghost groaned at the Friar's request. They knew he would bring this but as they've always said before… "Friar we talked about this, Peeves cannot partake in any of our feast because of his rude and prankish behavior…" Nicholas explained. "Yes but… The good Baron can help with keeping him in line?" The Friar suggested. "Just because he listens to me, does not mean I can always keep him in line" The Baron answered. "Dear Lady, do you have anything to say on the topic….?" Nicholas asked, as he looked at the Grey Lady just looking down on the floor. She lifted her head up to see all of them looking at her. When she looked at the Baron's eyes, she looked away with a disgust. "None…." She stated. Everyone looked at her confused but shrugged, knowing they can't get anything out of her at this point. "Alright then, it is settled, for the last time… Peeves is not allowed in the feast, Friar… I'm sorry" Nicholas proclaimed. The Baron nodded in agreement, while the friar looked down sadly and nodded. The Lady nodded quietly. "Good, meeting adjourned" Nicholas said. The first one to leave was the Grey lady, as she quickly phased through the wall. The friar looked at her retreating form and followed behind. Nicholas watched the two as they left but then looked at the Baron and saw him watch her leave. "Is something the matter, Baron?" Nicholas asked. The Baron shook his head and turned to phase through a wall. Out of curiosity, Nicholas followed the Baron by phasing through the same wall and floated right next to him. "Look, I know it is not in my position to ask…" "Then don't ask then" The Baron quickly replied, the nearly headless ghost ignored his remark and continued "But I need to know, why do you give the Grey lady such cold and yet intense stares, surely there must be something going on between the two of you, despite the Friar and I ever seeing any interactions between the two of you" The Baron stopped floating and nearly headless Nick floated in front and turned to face him. "As you said before, you are in no position to ask that, Nicholas… Also, why would I tell you of my past with the Grey lady, despite being able to keep it from you and the Friar for such a long time…" the Baron asked. "Because you need to tell someone eventually…" Nicholas answered. The Baron looked at him and gave him a chuckle. "You were always very persistent… and only now you ask of my story?" "For years, I've told children who would ask why your title is the Bloody Baron, that I never bother to ask you… And this is because I have respect for you… However, my curiosity has reached its limit and now I want to know as to why you are known as such" Nicholas responded. "... Very well, my headless companion… Follow me" the Baron phased through a wall next to them, which led them to an abandoned room. Nicholas soon followed him. "I do not want anyone knowing this story except you… Do I make myself clear… and you shall continue telling children that you never bothered to ask me, understand?" The Baron explained. Nicholas nodded and the baron just looked at him. "Very well… What I am about to tell you may be surprising and it might change the way you see me… You may even hate me by what I am about to tell you" The Baron said. "I could never, old friend" Nicholas said with a smiled. The Baron smirked and sighed. "Very well… It all started when I was in my first year of Hogwarts…" The school was honored to know that a baron would be staying and learning in their beloved school. The Baron was among his fellow classmates, about to be sorted into his respective house. He looked around to see a lot of students that would be ending up in different houses. As he was looking around, he stumbled upon the beautiful face of Helena Ravenclaw, the daughter of Rowena Ravenclaw, one of Hogwarts founder. He was certainly stunned by her beauty at such a young age. He carefully moved through the crowd and finally made her way over to her. " Hello, m'lady…" The Baron said. Helena looked up at him, from her view of the floor to the Baron. " Hello…" Helena quietly said. The Baron found her meek voice to be quite charming and cute. " I don't understand why a lady such as yourself is not mingling with others…" The Baron said. " I should say the same about you…" Helena said " Touche~" " You are also entering your first year in Hogwarts?" Helena asked. " That I am, and I am sure you are here for the same reason?" The Baron asked " Yes… But I do not understand why I have to take part in all of this… I mean I know I would end up in my mother's house…" " Your mother?" The Baron asked. " Ravenclaw…" " Your mother is one of the founders? Interesting… I must say, I agree as to why you still have to take part in this, knowing you are a Ravenclaw… But you will not know unless you try… Who knows, you might end up in Gryffindor or Hufflepuff" The Baron said. Helena giggled and looked at the table that sat her mother along with the three other founders. " As much as I love my Uncle Godric and Aunt Helga, I do not think I would be suited for their houses…" Helena said. " Or perhaps, Slytherin?" The Baron suggested. Helena looked at Salazar, who was talking with her mother. " I do not know… Maybe… My mother did say I am just as cunning as Uncle Salazar…" Helena said. Soon, Helga Hufflepuff, went forward and called the names of the students, as they came forward to be sorted into their houses. Majority went to Slytherin and Gryffindor while some went to Ravenclaw, and a few in Hufflepuff. Once it was Helena's turn, she looked over at the Baron, who gave her a nod to show that it was alright. Helena came forward and sat under the hat, as it was placed on her head by her Aunt Helga. " Ah! The daughter of Ravenclaw… Just as clever and intelligent as your mother…" From the crowd of students, the Baron could see Rowena's smiling face. " However… You could be just as cunning as a Slytherin…" Helena just sat on the chair with her eyes closed, praying that she would end up in Ravenclaw in order for her to not disappoint her mother. " Yes… But you only belong in one house… and that house is perfectly clear, as clear as your last name… RAVENCLAW!" The sorting hat yelled. Helena breath out the breath that she was holding as the sorting hat thought about her house. But when she heard she would be placed in Ravenclaw, she knew she was safe. She got off the chair and turned to look at her mother with a smile. Rowena smiled back and she turned to Salazar, who nodded at her that it was okay if Helena was not in his house. " I knew you would be in Ravenclaw…" The Baron said, as Helena went up to him, before heading to her table. " I knew too… Good luck… I feel like you'd make a great Slytherin" Helena said. The Baron gave her a look of confusion. " How would you know that?" He asked " I'm a Ravenclaw, I would know" She winked. Soon, Helga called the Baron's name, and Helena whispered a good luck to him. She went and sat in her house table and watched as the Baron sat himself, with the hat placed on his head. " Oh! A baron, such nobility, such power… That power can be used to gain multiple benefits… Yes, better be, SLYTHERIN!" The hat yelled. The Baron looked at Helena with a smirk, and he could read her lips, telling him, "I told you so". He then went to the Slytherin table and sat himself among his fellow classmates. Once the sorting hat was over, they all started to eat their meals. The Baron and Helena could not help but look up at one another as they ate, and would look away if they caught each other's eye. They knew for certain that this school year would not be boring. "And that is how the Baron and I first met…" The Grey lady said. Unknown to the Baron and Nicholas, the Friar and the Grey lady were also having a conversation of their own. The two were stationed on top of one of Ravenclaw towers abandoned rooms. The fat friar, after the meeting, flew up to Helena to ask why she left in such a hurry, with her response being that she did not want to be in the same room as the Baron for far too long. This then sparked the Friar's curiosity to ask why she would always ignore the Baron when they had meetings. The Grey lady of course, did not explain immediately but only said that it was a long story. The Friar, with so much time on his ghostly hands, said that he was willing to listen. Knowing about the Hufflepuff loyalty trait that he possessed. The lady led the Friar up a room in the tower in order to tell her tale first. "Well that certainly is adorable! I did not know you and the Baron were childhood sweethearts" The Friar said. If Helena had a pulse and skin, they would be beating and turning pink by now. "We most certainly were not! I despise him…" The Grey lady explained. "That's not what I'm hearing… So far you are telling me that you