I don't own the Twlight characters or the Twilight story. The OCs and plot are mine. A/N- Okay welcome back. This is the Bella Connolly story. It is not a reimagining of THSB. I won't take that story off because when I looked at it I saw it had damn near 500 reviews which is amazing considering it had 38 when it was first finished. Taking it away would be taking those reviews away and I don't want to do that to my readers. I value reviews and don't want to see any go. (except the anonymous ones who call me bad names. Those can go). This story will have a different plot and very different vampires. The story starts out after the newborn battle and Bella decides to run rather than turn. The vampires… okay let me tell you about them. They are the same as Twilight with a few differences. They are strong and fast, probably not as incredibly fast and strong as in the movies (that was like Flash fast and Hulk strong which I never understood. I guess it looked cool. I prefer Underworld vamps myself. These vamps can walk in direct sunlight without sparkling but they are much weaker in direct sunlight. They are pale and seem to be translucent in direct sunlight as well and it is easier for people to tell they are different. The red eyes gold eyes thing stay the same. This is why they stay mostly in cloudy places or underground castles, caves, crypts. Also there is a bit of difference in Bella and Edward's relationship. In this story vampires have fangs and can drink without killing. The only way to turn a vampire is to have him or her drink their blood/venom. I think that's it so far. The rest of the backstory will be explained during the story. Nairobi, Kenya The Seal Team was broken but still intact, no casualties so far. Intelligence had once again underestimated the amount of resistance the team would be facing. At the moment the men were outnumbered three to one. Their objective, Dr. Daniella Carlos, a doctor from the US, who had been providing medical care for the poor and occasionally providing the CIA with information on the movements of the Sudanese Militia. The objective was in a three story building on the second floor. Four guards were on the first floor, six on the second, including the chief interrogator, who was responsible for the ongoing torture she had survived the last three days, and three guards were on the top floor. The building was surrounded by Seals taking cover where they could find it in streets and buildings. In between the Seals and the objective were 30 militia members surrounding the building. The ten Seals had been in a firefight since dawn. Three had been wounded but still fought. There had been 56 men surrounding the building. The Commander of the team, Lieutenant Commander Jason Connolly knelt in front of a blown out window surveying the situation. "Where the hell is our back up?" Parks, an operator for six years, asked him. "Got caught in an ambush on the way in. Choppers can't get in to take out the anti aircraft weapons without causing serious collateral damage. The building will take damage and that puts the objective at risk. Our job is to get her out safe and alive. Otherwise what are we doing here?" Connolly explained. "It's a good point. What are we doing here? She is one person who is, in my opinion, severely fucked. The CIA had to know when she was taken they wouldn't get her back. Hell, aid workers not working for the CIA get killed here all the time." Parks argued. "You know what your problem is Parks? You are a glass half empty kind of guy. I think this is doable You need some imagination. We just have to wait until night. Besides she is one of ours. She is an American and we are getting her back, alive. Just relax. I'll be damned if I am letting these back woods desert dwellers to take one of our own and torture and kill one of ours." "Even if we take out everybody in the streets and move in on the building they are just going to kill her if they think they are going to be overrun." "Exactly. That's why we have to be sneaky." Jason said with confidence. "Sneaky?" "Yeah sneaky. To sneak, be invisible. You know the definition right? You are ruining my good mojo here Parks. Can't you feel it? Death is in the air and we are about to deal it. Go to the other side and check if any of these little fuckers with AKs are trying to flank us. I'm going to need an escape route and can't have us surrounded fighting behind and in front." "Yes sir." Parks ran to the other side of the abandoned office building as Connolly put the field scope down. Parks was a good officer. He was just cautious with his men's life. Connolly was as well. That was why he planned to risk his own. He unwrapped the bandages on his left calf muscle and checked the wound. The bullet had gone clean through but the wound had not closed. Still it didn't look infected. The problem was mobility. He would need to be fast and parts of the muscle were torn from the bone. Taking a fresh bandage out of his pack and a roll of duct tape he began wrapping his calf tightly, careful not to cut off blood flow but tight enough to ensure if the muscle wouldn't help him, it also wouldn't hamper him anymore than necessary. Connolly had a plan. He estimated the chances of success were about ten percent but he also felt in his heart that as night fell they would kill the doctor and run. Even outnumbered those men knew the night belonged to the Seals. He would have ten minutes after sundown at most to pull this off. Connolly knew who he needed to talk to. "God are you listening?" "God is listening." A voice replied through the radio. Tyrone Gavin, code name God, as he insisted for this mission, was perched on top of a building a half mile away peering through the scope of a Barrett .50 Caliber rifle. Connolly only let him have the code name because he lost a bet on The Texan's game. Both being from Texas, Ty happened to be a Cowboy's fan. Ty was a big guy, taller than Connolly by three inches and lean but muscular. He was able to handle the weapon with ease, in addition to being a hell of a sniper. "Go to secure frequency 4. I got a plan." "Yeah I was afraid of that." The sun fell below the horizon and the city became eerily quiet. The militants in were no longer cheering on the street at their defense of the building. "Team stay behind cover but do not stop firing. If you don't have a target find one. Take AKs off bad guys if you need more ammo. Keep the fighting outside and don't stop firing." Connolly ordered. The Seals began firing into the streets North and South of the building. The enemy despite having the numbers could only fire blindly in the direction they thought the shots were coming from due to the darkness. The problem was the gunshots seemed to be coming from everywhere. On the East side of the building a few guards ran to help their comrades. Six stayed behind, grateful the Americans did not seem to be advancing on their side. Until Ty Gavin blew one of the thugs head to a bloody mess. Connolly ran out of the darkness Berretta 9 Millimeter in his hand. He fired 4 shots, hitting four targets. The other two, still in shock from the brash charge of the black clad American stood in shock until more .50 caliber rounds struck, causing one's head to disappear and one's chest to explode inward. The shots were lost in the gunfire from the North and South and Connolly made entry into the building alone. Placing his weapon away he pulled a black K Bar knife from his back. He could not afford to fire a gun and alert the guards to his presence inside the building yet. The first floor was easy. They never heard or saw him move from behind. By the time he crossed the room his knife was bloody and four bodies lay on the floor with throats cut. Not one had made a sound. Taking the stairs quietly he took the M 4 rifle slung over his back and prepared for close quarters. Once he reached the second floor, stealth was out the window. He had to move fast, without hesitation. Pick a target, fire, repeat and don't miss. Connolly slid up the wall next to the opening. Inside, hanging from the ceiling, was the objective. He chanced a look into the opening and saw she was in bad shape. Hands and feet were both broken judging by the angles. She was hanging by her wrists. Her face was swollen and by the way her chest was struggling for breath she would give out and suffocate soon. She didn't have that long. One of the men was approaching her with a knife. Connolly didn't speak Sudanese. He didn't need to. The men knew their chances of escaping alive were dwindling by the minute with every enemy his Seals killed outside. They would kill her and leave. Connolly moved quickly stepping inside the room. He killed two men in the first four seconds. A bullet struck his vest and he took that shooter out, ignoring the pain of the cracked rib, refusing to go down. The interrogator moved towards the objective knife in his hand. Connolly stepped in front and blocked the blade an inch from the doctor with his forearm. Turning in a circular motion he broke the man's neck and let him drop to the ground. Four dead. Two left. Shit. He turned to see one of the men had hit the ground. The other stood, rifle pointed at him. If he dove the doctor would be hit. Connolly fired at the man on the ground, while taking another shot in the vest at close range. He hit the ground on his knees. The soldier who shot him stood over him. Luckily his rifle was aimed at Connolly's head and not the doctor. "Could use a little help here God." Connolly whispered. "Say your prayers all you want American…" The man's words were cut off by the round bursting through the old cinder block wall and into his ear. "Thank you Ty." Connolly said, grateful Ty's rifle had an infrared scope and very large, armor piercing bullets. "Anytime white boy. Now why don't you get the doctor and get out of there. Those boys on the third are about to come calling. I only can make so many blind perfect shots to save your ass." "Liar." Connolly said while cutting the doctor down and catching her body in his arms. "Dr. Carlos? My name is Jason Connolly. I'm with Seal Team 8. We are taking you home. I'm going to have to put you down for a moment on the ground. I have a few more people to kill then we are leaving. Stay down and do your best to play dead if I don't make it back. Understand?" "It won't be hard." she whispered and then grinned causing Connolly to smile. Tough lady to survive this far. A sense of humor may keep her alive. It always worked for him. Picking up two AKs' from the ground and blocking out the pain in his body, he ran straight up the stairs. Screaming as he entered the top floor he began to spray bullets.