A/N Don't own it. You asked for it. Just to be clear this picks up where the Ty Bella Christmas story left off. The banner is made by my amazing Art director Mist. Thank you Mist. Remember people. You all asked for this. If you have never read any of my stories before and want to know who the hell Ty Gavin is start with Whirlwind which this story is kind of an AU to and then a Ty and Bella Christmas. He shows up in Atonement too but it has nothing to do with this. Okay, lets have some fun. Chapter 1 Ty POV "We're havin a baby?" "Yeah. We are having a baby." She grinned. I think the room quieted down at that revelation but I wasn't sure. All I knew was the woman I love had just agreed to marry me and she was having my child. "You aren't pissed are you?" "Are you out of your damn mind woman? This is the best news I ever heard. I'm gonna be a great daddy. Damn. Ain't that something…" "So you're happy?" I looked Bella in her eyes and saw something I wasn't used to seein. A bit of worry? "Baby happy ain't the word. You carryin my bun darlin. Ain't nothing sexier than that to me. I want to drag you back to the hotel and make love to you all night woman. I could just eat you ou…" She smiled that beautiful smile until some mothafucka in the back cleared his throat. I turned and saw Chief Daddy seemed to be the culprit. Probably shouldn't be talkin bout eatin Bella out in front of her daddy. This is shit I need to write down. He didn't seem happy. Bet he's glad I asked for his blessin to marry his little princess now. It's probably a lot to take in. I'll give him a minute. Nah. I picked him up and lifted him off the ground. "You hear that Dad? You gonna be a grandpa!" He wasn't huggin me back. Man must not be much of a hugger. "Con…congratulations Bella." Sue said all quiet like. I put Charlie back on his feet and looked around. The ex done run off. Jake was headin to the door…damn. He slammed that motherfucker. Probably broke it. Boy needs to check himself. Bella wrapped her tiny self around me. Shortie was sniffin. Bella wasn't exactly an emotional personal in front of others. "Why you worried about my reaction baby girl?" I whispered in her ear. She shrugged her shoulders and wiped her eyes one more time. "You like your ring?" "I love it Ty." "All right everybody, now its time to party. Get some beats on up in here!" The party kicked into full swing. With Eddie gone and Jake gone a lot of tension seemed to have left the air. The Indian dudes were more down with the set. Quil finally asked me for an autograph after following me to the john. Still though, Bella kept givin me that look. The look that said it was time to get back to the hotel. But we would be social. I had all night to make love to her. I had noticed she had stopped drinkin a while back but figured it was some responsibility kick she was on. She has one for a few weeks each semester before I get her to loosen up. Figured this one was startin early. Charlie finally sat down by me and offered me a fifth of Crown. He had his own and touched mine. "Ty you ready to go?" Bella asked right before that bottle touched my lips. She was given me that look. The one that said it was time for me to be ready to go. "Uh…" "C'mon Bella. The party is starting to die down. I haven't had a lot of chances to talk to Ty. Give us a little while." Charlie complained to my surprise. "You can talk to him tomorrow Dad." She said with a smile. I knew that smile. That was the smile that said don't fuck with me. I looked around and saw most of the peeps had left. Only that tall chick, Leah and her brother were still here. Looked like they were packin up too though. "Bella, please?" Charlie asked givin her that same smile. I got a little shiver. I see where she gets that shit from now. "Fine." She huffed and walked off. "Maybe I should…" "Don't let her whip your ass already son." Oh hell no. He better recognize. She whipped my ass a long time ago. I took a swig and Chief Daddy did the same. "So tell me about yourself." So I started talkin. I kept talkin. He kept listenin. We both kept drinkin. By the time we got a ways into it I figured out he was a happy drunk. That's good. Real good. "Ty!" "Wassup Boo?" Bella looked…happy wouldn't be the right word. I don't think I had ever seen her sober when I was drunk. We always get fucked up together. She looks funny when she is bein all stern and what not. May have to play proper school teacher and bad bad gang bangin student in detention tonight. "We have to be here early to have breakfast and open Christmas presents. Your pregnant fiancée needs her sleep." I checked my watch and saw it was 1. Yeah. Probably best to get on. "Yeah Charlie she's right. We gotta dip." "Alright, I guess we all need to get to bed. Ty you sure you don't know a guy named Leroy Brown?" "Nah Charles. Leroy got a lot deeper voice." "Oh…yeah…" "Let me take a piss darlin and I will be right out." "Sue is in the bathroom." Bella told me. "No problem. I'll head out back." She stepped aside while I stumbled my way to the kitchen and out the backdoor. Once I reached the tree line it was time to let nature take its course assuming the piss don't freeze inside my dick. Why the fuck people want to live in a damn freezer I will never understand. Bella thinks we might be in New York in a few years. Fuck that. I been there for tournaments. Shit was freezing there too. LA or Houston for this boy. In Texas if somebody throws an ice cube on the ground we shut down schools and businesses till that fucker melts. I pulled out and started paintin yellow snow angels when Charlie stumbled next to me. "Figured I may as well go too. Sue takes forever in the bathroom." "Step right up Pops. Plenty of fuckin snow." "I know. Beautiful isn't it?" he observed drunkenly. Beautiful? Fuckin cold. That's what this shit is. I was finishing my business when I heard it. Zippin up I looked over at Charlie and saw he heard it too. Lookin close you could see the brush movin. "You got a pet bear you keep back here?" I whispered. "Nope." He slurred and stumbled back a bit. Some motherfuckers can't hold their alcohol. Bout that time a big fuckin wolf head popped up from the trees. That bitch was growlin. At me. "You got your gun on you Chief Daddy?" "N…nope." He said back all quiet like. Guess it was up to Ty to take care of this shit. Never a cop when you need one. I brushed my jacket back and pulled my nine from my back holster. The wolf looked surprised. I think I heard him yelp. He turned to run but I fired. Fuck that. I can get my boo a fur coat off this big motherfucker and have enough left over to make a blanket for my little boy. Stuff that big ass head and put it on the mantle. I'm normally an animal lover but that bastard growled at me and he had big ass teeth. You growl and anything goes. I unloaded a clip into the woods. Charlie hit the deck. Guess he ain't used to gunfire bein a cop in this fuckin town. I heard a howl and a squeal in the woods then a bunch of trees sounded like something big hit em. I know I hit something. "What the fuck was that?!" Charlie yelled from the ground. "What? Did you not see the big fucking wolf feet from us, fool?" "You have a gun? A fucking gun?!" "Bet you glad I did. That mothafucka was about to make us Purina man." "It's illegal for you to be carrying a gun!" "Nah man, I'm down with the law. Got my concealed carry in Texas. It's good in Washington. I checked for I left. We all good." "I can't believe this shit!" Charlie yelled standing up. "I know right? Biggest fuckin Cujo I ever seen in my life. Puppy wasn't ready for some hard core H town shit though." "I can't believe you carry a gun!" Oh for fucks sake. "You better be damn glad I did. Black guys don't do great in monster movies but the small town hick sheriff always gets killed. I mean it's a certainty. Especially with a stache like yours. You betta recognize the danger here. That was a fuckin monster." "I don't…hick?" "Sorry. My bad man. You got a regular metropolitan area goin on here. One that needs some very big fuckin leash laws." "Listen…" "What the hell is going on!?" There's my shortie. Bella POV Sue made it out of the bathroom and found me alone. Great. My man is pissing in the snow and here I am. I suppose we will have to make awkward conversation now. "So Bella, seems like you have dropped quite a few surprises on us tonight." "You had a cold undead one waiting for me as well Sue." "I had nothing to do with that." She said quickly. "Of course not. But could you explain to me whose idea it was to allow Edward Cullen into this house? I know it wasn't Charlie. Charlie hates him." "He wouldn't take no for an answer! Charlie figured if he saw you with a boyfriend he might…" "Eat him?" "Bella Charlie doesn't know." "But you do." I pointed out. "Which is why I called Ja…Sam." "No you called Jake." Sue took a deep breath. "What difference does it make? You got rid of him. Maybe now that you are pregnant he won't want you anymore. Jake either." "Sue both of those guys have an unnatural obsession with me and you know it. Why do you think I never come back to Forks? Why I stay in sunny places as much as possible? I'm getting tired of this shit. I realize you can't do anything about Edward but you or Sam could do something about Jake!" "You think Sam hasn't tried? We all have. We actually hoped he had imprinted on that girl but…look I'm not sure if even Jake knows why he is obsessed with you. We have had tribal meetings discuss…" "You had a tribal meeting about me?!" What the fuck? "When the future chief and rightful alpha refuses to take his place and instead obsesses over a white girl who has told him over and over again that she is not interested, then yes we have meetings." "Why you gotta bring race into this?" I asked before I could pull it back in. Ty would have never let me live it down. Course he was outside evacuating alcohol from his system with my dad. Nothing like male bonding. "I didn't mean it like that Bella. He treats you like an imprint and no one knows why. That's all I am saying. This pregnancy…maybe it will… damn it Bella!" "What?" She just became very emotional. "You tell Charlie you are bringing home a boyfriend. He is suspecting a frat guy you may have been dating for a few months. He was looking forward to scaring him