Don't own it. Okay the Ty character is my intellectual (and I use that word loosely) property but he makes me zero amount of money. He does make me laugh though. Here is our Christmas one shot. I've never written a Twilight one shot so hope it turns out okay. This has nothing to do with the Ty Bella story coming soon after the bundle of joy that is Sins of the Past. This is AU of Whirlwind assuming Jasper never came back and wasn't interested in Bella and vice versa. A continuation of Ty and Bella's burgeoning relationship we all know they would have had. Yes I said AU. I am officially writing fanfiction off my fanfiction. Don't give me crap about it. The poem Ty reads at the end of this was found off the internet along with a hundred other versions. I have no idea who actually wrote it but I only tweaked it a bit. Enjoy and Merry Christmas all! Ty POV "Yeah Momma, we about two hours away." I told her as Bella drove, glaring at the road ahead. "Why you talkin on the phone while you driving?" "Bella is driving Momma." "Why is that? She won't let you drive? I realize she is a liberated woman and all that crap but she too good to let you drive?" "She likes to drive Momma. We been takin turns." "Wouldn't have such a long drive if you had flown straight into Port Angeles. Or came to Houston where you belong for Christmas. With your family." "We were in Houston last year Momma." I said rolling my eyes. I done heard this shit a million times since we told her we were coming to Forks for Christmas this year. "I know, I know. Text me when you get there baby." "Yeah, uh…I'll send Bella your love." I tried. "I didn't say that." Momma replied. "She didn't say that." Bella told me, still glaring at the road. "Talk to ya later Momma. Love you." I ended the call. Maybe Bella would go back to her good mood she was in before Momma dialed. "She fucking hates me." Bella calmly stated. "She don't hate you. She just ain't used to you darlin." "We have been together for two years Ty. Living together for the past year. She has met me at every game you played for two years. She thinks I'm a gold digger. She still calls me white girl every time I see her. Does she know you came after me? Does she? Did you explain this to her? Did you tell her about the talks I'm in with Nike? I have Adidas interested as well. They are bidding against each other for you Ty. That was me." It was true. Bella went from undecided to a sport's marketing and business major after we got together permanent. I told her I really didn't trust anybody to be my agent. I knew the woman I loved was the only one I ever wanted to represent me. She was tearin it up too. Two months before the draft and all the executives in the world were learning you don't fuck with my woman. "I came after you? Are you crazy woman? You was scopin me from the moment I stepped onto ASU." "I was about to get laid and you burst into my room in your jock strap." She said dryly. Okay. I admit I may have gone after her. She wasn't about to get laid though. Bella was my best friend the minute we met. I thought that was it. Start of our Junior year she found some sad little player paler than she was. Fucking philosophy major. I had a honey on the line too but somethin bout not seein Bells all summer and then finding out she was gonna let that little white boy put his hands on her and other things in her... I was about to tap my honey when I realized I couldn't. First time in my life I had a woman ready but big Ty wasn't game. All I could think about was the one across the hall. That's when I realized she was more than my best friend. I loved her. I really loved her. I had to stop her from being with that guy. I damn near busted the door down before I realized it was unlocked. Stormin in, I saw her sitting on her couch next to the little bitch just sittin and …talkin. No fornicatin goin on. "Ty?" she asked confused. "I love you woman!" I shouted, goin for the bold approach. She gave me a smile. That beautiful smile she saves for when she isn't being sarcastic. "You couldn't put on clothes to tell me this?" I looked down and realized I was indeed only in my black jock strap. Didn't matter. I kicked the nerd out and made love to that woman all night. She admitted she loved me…three weeks later. She also sent a couple blondes to try and pick me up at a bar one night to see what I would do. I jumped her ass about that but at least she trusted me now. I admit before her I had a bit of a reputation as a player. Now it was time to meet her Daddy. I had drunk dialed and pranked him hundreds of times but he didn't know that. We had never actually met so this was big for me. I hoped it went better than last year did with my Momma and Bella. Bella did her best to charm my Mom but Momma always saw her baby boy with a sista. She was comin around though. "So your Dad excited to meet me? He watches my games right? Probably proud of his little girl in a committed relationship with a soon to be pro athlete and college graduate?" "Uh…" Bella POV "Baby? He knows I'm comin right?" How to answer this? "Of course I told Charlie I was bringing my boyfriend home for Christmas." That should handle it. "Your boyfriend? He knows we are living together right?" Shit. "Why wouldn't he?" I asked, shrugging my shoulders. Let's see if he can figure it out. "I don't know. Why don't you tell me why he wouldn't know?" Damn it. Ty always picks up on my non answers. "I guess because maybe I didn't mention it?" Ty sighed. "He does not who I am right?" Hmmm. "Ty stop being so arrogant. Just because you are a famous athlete doesn't mean everybody has to know who you are." "He doesn't know. I can't believe this." "Ty relax. I figured I would just introduce you in person." "In person? You gonna introduce your 6'6" black boyfriend to your Dad on Christmas Eve? Really? No warning at all?" "Charlie and I don't see color Ty. It would be pointless to tell him you are black. He wouldn't care. It has more to do with the whole living together thing. He probably wouldn't be crazy about that. So we will keep it quiet, okay baby?" "And Daddy don't know we livin together? Not a clue? Not a hint?" "Why do you keep asking me the same question? I just told you. Are you feeling okay baby?" He sat back and closed his eyes. He really was so beautiful. I never thought he would be interested in me. We had been so close as friends but he never really made a move towards me before he crashed into my dorm wearing nothing but a jock strap and scaring the hell out of Bradley. Bradley ran from the room I suppose about the same time Ty lifted me up and took me on my bed. But once he took me that was it. I knew he was the one. Yes I sent sa couple bimbos to try to pick him up to test his faithfulness but in my defense he did have a reputation as a bit of a player before me. I had been avoiding this trip for years. I wasn't ashamed of Ty. I was proud as hell. I just didn't really want to come to Forks. Plus Sue had not found a new boyfriend which meant Charlie still lived and that meant Pack members would be over. That meant Jake. The city of Forks insisted their chief live in Forks rather than La Push so he was back in the old house he never sold. Jake had thought he imprinted on some girl named Tara. Apparently he just had a bad case of indigestion and had recently eaten some Pot brownies Quil slipped to him. He took a look at Tara and was lost according to Sam. Instead of realizing that he hadn't imprinted he convinced himself he broke the imprint because of his love for me. He is now even more obsessed with making me believe we are meant to be. I know he will be there. Merry Christmas. I should have taken Ty to Florida. But he wanted to meet my Dad. It was important. I don't see why but I could never turn him down. He was my boo. We arrived at our hotel in a little under two hours. Finishing placing our luggage away I turned to see Ty on the bed nude. "Hey there darlin. Why don't you come over here and let Ty help you relax after that long drive?" I smirked at him. "You are going to help me huh? That what this is all about? Doing me a favor Ty?" "Anything for you baby." "Daddy is going to be waiting for us." I grinned. "Daddy can wait. Let Ty give you your Christmas present early." Merry Christmas to me. Two hours later we pulled into Daddy's drive. Quite a few cars out front. Oh good. One seemed a bit fancy for the Forks's crowd, a steel blue Maserati. A bit much for my taste but live and let live. Ty and I stepped out of the car and Sue Clear…Swan came barreling out of the house. Before I could move she had her arms wrapped around me. "Bella it is so good to see you! Come with me. I was just about to go to the grocery store and could use the help." "I should probably say hello to Da…" "He will be there when we get back…who…is this your boyfriend?" "Yeah Sue. This is Ty." "Ma'am." Ty nodded in greeting. He looked so hot in that scarf and dark wool coat. He hated snow but hadn't complained yet. "Nice…to meet you…come along Bella." Sue practically dragged me to her car. I got in before she pulled a gun. Driving away I took a last look at my Ty and hoped it wasn't my last look at my Ty. Taking a deep breath I prepared to ask Sue what the hell was going on. I hoped Charlie wasn't dead and she planned to tell me she married Billy Black. I think he was next on the rotation. Of course if that was true we could catch a flight to Florida and be there for Christmas morning. "What is going on Sue? I am supposed to be introducing my father to Ty, my boyfriend. What is so damn important that you felt the need to kidnap me before I could make the door?" "There is a surprise guest Bella. We didn't know. Jake found out and now most of the pack is here or on their way. Charlie is furious but he kind of insisted and pushed his way in…" Oh please no. "Sue tell me Edward Cullen is not at that fucking house." "Edward Cullen is not at that fucking house?" she tried. Oh good Lord. "Turn around. I have to get back now!" Ty POV Ain't that a bitch? My woman done got kidnapped from the fucking driveway. The house door opened up and there was Charlie.