I swear to God and all things holy and to the owners and workers of that I do not own any thing that belongs to the Tolken Family the only thing I own is my character all else belongs to its rightful authors, governments and owners. When Worlds Collide Chapter One: Lives Collide Dawn. The sun rises in the west and two faces stare into its morning glare as the sun raises her golden head over the dark horizon. In Hearst, Ontario in the year 2012 a girl stares out her window at the sunrise as she wakes to start her day. She pulls on her knee high black boots pulls a simple straight shapeless black jumper over top a long sleeve white top and brushes her hair out so that it falls down her back in beautiful black waterfall. A bright red streak falls in front of her face giving her a wild look that was an interesting contrast to her modest outfit. She picked up her satchel with her textbooks, notebooks, sketchbook and another brand new sketch book along with two pencil cases. In the side pocket she slipped in a knife and hid a smaller knife in her boot. ' A girl can never be to careful' her mother always told her. Besides, Selene liked being prepared for everything. Taking her key off the hall stand she walked out the door and began her walk to the university. It was a two hour walk to the university and it was all hiking through the many forests that covered the small town. It was a long walk but one that Selene greatly enjoyed as she listened to her music in the peace and quiet of the forest. Selene sang out loud and danced down the path that lead to the university. With each new song there was a new dance or spring in her step to match the tune. With her music blasting in her ears the two hour walk seemed to fly by and it felt like only minutes had passed when Selene stepped out of the forest and into the busy university parking lot. Here she took out her head phones and placed her MP3 player in her bag where it would stay until her walk home later that day. As she walked through the many halls and corridors on her way to class she said hello to her friends that were heading to classes or professors that she had classes with and various other people she knew at the university. She headed to her first class which was an English Literature class which was her favourite class of the term. It was a three hour class but it was never boring. There was always interesting debates, beautiful poems to read, and classical literature to read and talked about. Today was an extra special day because today they were discussing Tolken's Lord of the Rings and his many other works that he did regarding the famed trilogy and the other books his sons have add to the series over the years. Selene was the first person in class as usual as she pulled out her notebook and pencil case another student arrived. It was her friend Nathan he sat beside her and pulled out his books and a pen. " I swear the only reason you show up early is so you can talk to me before class starts." Selene said with a smile at the man beside her making him chuckle. " Despite how it looks that is only half true I also have been coming early causing being late isn't as fun as it sounds." he said with a smile and nudge her in the ribs making her giggle and nudge him back. " So how's that kick you were working coming along getting any better?" Selene asked out of curiosity. " Its a lot better now that I have been practicing at it. How about you how are those left hooks coming. I know your left is your weak side so I won't be surprised if your still having trouble." he said eagerly enjoying the choice of topic that Selene had picked. Nathan was a fighter born raised and trained. He loved to fight not for the pleasure of it but for the sport of it. He was slowly working his up and trying to become an MMA champion but that is truly easier said then done. As for Selene she was into fighting more for its usefulness then the sport or pleasure of it. Selene knew the world was a rough place especially for a girl and if a girl didn't know how to fight she was very much a dead duck. So for her own safety Selene had started joining Nathan at the gym learning martial arts of all different kinds, styles and types. About the only thing Selene was having problems with so far was a left hook punch Selene always had a hard time training her left side it was her weakest side and it took a lot more effort to train then her right side which was her strong side. But in the many years of practice and training that she and Nathan had gone through they both had become strong fighters. " Its a lot better now still not as strong as I want it to be that will come in time with some more practice and training." she said a little put out but trying to remain optimistic. Nathan rubbed her shoulder and patted her back in understanding a sympathy. He knew how hard Selene had been training and how much she desperately wanted make her left side stronger but he also knew Selene could be impatient some times. " It will happen in time ok. Tell you what come by the gym this weekend and we will work on it until you get down pat ok?" he said trying to be encouraging. Selene smiled and nodded in agreement. They sat in comfortable silence until the rest of the class showed up and the lesson started. Three hours seemed to fly by and class ended. Selene said bye to Nathan as he headed off to his next class and Selene went in the opposite direction to get to her next class. After two more classes Selene's day was over and she began her walk home. Nathan however had to sit through another three hour class before he could go home. Selene pulled out her head phones and began her walk home. She kept one head phone out because at night walking through the woods was a dangerous thing. Hunters loved to go hunting in the woods around her at night hoping to have better luck in the dark then in the day light when the animals could see them. This meant if you didn't listen carefully you could very easily walk into the path of a hunters bullet and never know what happened. For Selene on this night of all nights she would sadly fall victim to such a fate. Selene walked home slowly carefully listening for the sounds of movement or gun fire in the woods. She heard the sound of distant shots and movement far off in the trees but nothing close by so she picked up her pace a little bit. A decision that she would regret later. Selene was use to the sounds of hunters and gun fire in the forest at night she had never had any problems with the hunters in the woods. They usually saw her white shirt and heard the jingle of her keys and knew to wait till she passed by. But tonight Selene did think there would be one hunter so intent on catching his prey he did not care who got in his way . The man slithered through the bushes and trees as silently as a snake stalking a lone buck just on the edge of the other side of the path right near where Selene was a about to walk. The hunter took aim at the bold buck not hearing the heavy foot fall of Selene's boots or the jingle of her keys. The buck heard Selene's approach and turned to walk away so it would be further out of sight. The hunter growled to himself in anger and readied to fire not wanting to lose his prey. Selene walked in front of the buck just as the hunter pulled the trigger of his rifle. The bullet ripped through Selene's arm, through her chest into her heart and lungs. The buck ran for his life at the sound of the gun shot Selene was not given that option. Her brain froze paralyzed and unable to process what just happened she saw the blood seep through her cloths but could think of nothing. She could feel her heart stop and her lungs collapse and die; she couldn't breathe or move. She looked up as the hunter came out the bushes with a look of horror on his pale face. She saw his mouth move but could hear nothing. Darkness filled her vision as she fell to the ground she never felt herself hit the ground, she didn't feel anything at all. The darkness faded into light and it was like Selene stepped out of her body and watched what happened to her body and loved ones in the span of the next few months. She watched as her body was taken away by the coroners and then the Hunters sentencing to prison and ban from hunting permanently. She watched as the police lead him away and as he walked up the walk way out of the court room Nathan jumped up and punched the man in the face. Then that scene faded and she watched her funeral and heard the speeches and words spoken. The coffin was opened one last time as Nathan stepped forward lifted her hand and placed something on her finger. This time she could hear what was being said. " I'll miss you Selene I hope this ring takes you to somewhere better and let it be a reminder that we will all see you again eventually where ever you end up. I love you Selene. Goodbye." he kissed her cheek and just as the lid was closed Selene saw the ring he slipped on her finger a simple gold band with a simple flower of diamonds on top. It was beautiful. The lid closed and the coffin was lowered into the ground. As the coffin was being lowered into the ground a voice spoke in Selene's head that she did not recognize. "Time to go little one." was all the voice said before Selene felt a tug and then the whole scene with the coffin and her loved ones was gone and blackness reined once again. Selene was starting to get tired of seeing black. The next time Selene opened her eyes she was back in a forest. She could hear birds singing, the wind in the trees, she could feel the dirt path under her hands she could feel the heat of the sun on her skin. She sat up surprised at the fact she could hear and see again. She looked at her cloths, there was not a drop of blood on them they were perfectly clean. She looked at her arm and felt her side there was not bullet whole. She touched her neck and felt her heart beat, it was strong and steady as it had been when she was walking home before she got shot. She took a deep breath in and breathed it back out slowly feeling her lungs fill and empty easily. She looked at her hands; there was her high school grad ring on her left hand her celtic ring from her mother and the ring from Nathan on her right hand. She smiled at the ring as Nathan's face flashed