Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. A/N: Beta love to Sandra-Sempra - Best cheerleader you can ask for! Inspired by a plunny/prompt from the Adopt-a-plunny folder in BTBNF18, so this is for SlytherinPrincessNurse1994. Written for Platform 93/4's Post War OS Challenge. oOoOoOo He felt unusually skittish that Monday morning. Draco rose before his six o'clock alarm, did a couple of yoga stretches the way his best friend taught him, hopped inside the shower, and came down for breakfast looking every inch like he'd stepped out of a fashion magazine. "Good morning, Mother," the dapper blond said as he entered the Manor's sun room where his parents prefer to have breakfast. After kissing his mother's cheek, he made his way to his usual seat across his father, who was reading the papers as usual. As if on cue, the Malfoy patriarch lowered the tabloid to look at him. Draco offered him a nod, "Father." Lucius nodded in response to his son before turning his attention back to the Daily Prophet. "Eat, son, before your food gets cold. Lovie cooked what you had requested," his doting mother said, gesturing to their loyal family House elf to start serving the young master his coffee. Draco gave his mother a small smile before he turned his attention to his plate full of bangers and mash. He wasn't usually a big breakfast eater - he'd usually have toast and coffee on the go since he was a late riser on most days - but today was not just another day. Today was the day he would summon whatever courage he had been saving to finally let his best friend in on a little secret. He felt his heart race at the thought of having to confront the incredibly brilliant and equally stubborn Gryffindor about his feelings for her. If he had a choice, he would have wanted to court her first and let their relationship develop over time; but time was something he didn't have. At least not since "Ministry Decree number 214", or the highly unpopular "Marriage Law", had finally been enacted and announced by the Minister of Magic five months ago. The Marriage Law, he sighed as he toyed with his food. Since the Second Wizarding War ended three years ago, the Ministry had invested much in replenishing the Wizarding population in Britain. Sadly, most of the population were either past childbearing age, and those who were capable had no interest in settling down. With the population diminishing over the past two years, the Minister was left with no choice but to require the residents of the Wizarding community, aged 18 to 40, to marry and bear a child within the first two years of their union. To ensure this happens fast, the Minister set a six-month period in which eligible witches and wizards are free to marry their partner of choice. After the sixth month, those eligible citizens who have not married will be assigned a spouse by the Ministry itself. Citizens who don't comply will be Obliviated and cast out of the Wizarding World. Since Kingsley Shacklebolt's announcement, Draco had received at least fifty marriage proposals from women he either dated or slept with. During this time, he witnessed and thanked Merlin countless of times as Hermione rejected each of her suitors, including Viktor Krum. Draco sighed. If only it were that easy to ask. "Draco!" The sound of his mother's voice drew him out of his trance. The young President of Malfoy Enterprises blinked and found both his parents staring right at him. "Are you alright, boy?" Lucius inquired, setting the newspaper aside. "We've been talking to you for quite a while, but you haven't been responding." "I'm sorry, father. I was just a little distracted -" "You haven't even touched your… what is that?" the Malfoy patriarch inquired, as he looked pointedly at his son's plate. "This is called Bangers and Mash," Draco replied casually while he forked a piece of sausage and ate it. "It's a Muggle dish, dear," Narcissa patted her husband's arm lovingly. "I suggest you start getting used to it." The older Malfoy smirked at his wife's subtle hint. The Malfoys were among the few Voldemort supporters that deflected halfway through the Second Wizarding War. During their stay with Order members at Grimmauld Place, the older couple bore witness to the changing relationship between their son and the brightest witch of her age. While they refused to accept this at first, Narcissa had grown fond of the young witch, who seemed to be the only one capable of matching Draco's quick wit. Lucius followed suit when he realized how his son had matured because of the girl. Yes, they knew Draco was in love with her - and so did Harry, the Weasleys, Minister Shacklebolt and the other Order members. The only person seemingly unaware of this was the witch herself. "Do you plan on proposing to her?" Draco coughed, choking on the potatoes he'd just eaten. "Father?" "Ms. Granger," Lucius clarified. "Are you planning on marrying her?" Draco paled. While his parents weren't cold and distant, they also weren't the type to have heart-to-heart talks. He thought of shrugging it off, but his parents would have none of it. "If she'll have me," he responded quietly. "Well, why wouldn't she? We Malfoys are the best," Lucius boasted. "And we always get what we want." Narcissa cocked an eyebrow at her husband. "Hmmm… I wouldn't say all the time," she teased and then turned to her son. "I think she's a wonderful girl. I also think it's time you kept this ring for when you're ready to ask. It's a Malfoy heirloom. Your father presented it to me when he proposed." Draco felt a wave of relief wash over him, as he took the emerald engagement ring from his mother. He knew he'd won half the battle just by receiving their support. "Well, you aren't going to win her over by sitting here and wishing," Lucius finally said. "Eat up and get moving. If I remember correctly you and Ms. Granger are due to visit Hogwarts for the Internship program we promised Headmistress McGonagall." Draco nodded and finished his food. The old couple wished him good luck, and watched as he Flooed out of the Manor. "He isn't going to ask her," Lucius told his wife as soon as the green flames died down. "Did you see how he acted? He's a Malfoy through and through. We're not known for our bravery." "But he's also a Black," Narcissa interjected while she sipped her tea. "He shares the same bloodline as Sirius, Regulus, and Nymphadora. They were quite courageous, you know." Lucius puffed on his pipe. "Five thousand galleons says he comes home crying." "Oh you of little faith," Narcissa said, rising from her seat. "But I'm calling it. After all, five thousand galleons is enough to cover the venue for a lovely Summer wedding." @@@ "You're late! Hot date last night?" Draco rolled his eyes. Trust Hermione to call him out for being last to arrive. For the past two years, she would always accuse him of sleeping around whenever he was late for any of their engagements. He used to find it amusing, but lately, that's changed. At least for him. "Come on, Granger. We'll be late for our meeting," he shrugged, attempting to dismiss the topic. "Ooh, we're touchy this morning," she said, trying to catch up with her tall companion. "Hey, wait up! You know I can't walk in these shoes!" Draco stopped in his tracks. If there's one thing Hermione was bad at, it was walking in heels. She was more of a ballet flats or even sneakers kind of girl, so he was genuinely impressed whenever she tried to wear stilettos to meetings and formal events. Today, she wore the white shift dress he always said was perfect on her, and had her hair tied up in a chignon. She was breathtaking, but she had the grace of a two-year-old toddler learning to walk for the first time. "Really, Granger, sometimes I feel like you just want me by your side," he teased the minute the svelte brunette finally caught up with him. "Because you're hot property, right?" she retorted, taking the hand he offered. "These shoes are killing me." "You bought them anyway," he sighed. "Only because you said they were nice on my feet," she blurted out in resignation. Draco felt his heart race. Did he just hear her say she took his opinion to heart, he asked himself while he escorted her to the floo. "Granger, my old Aunt Vega walks faster than you," he said. "Couldn't you Transfigure them into something more comfortable?" "Your old Aunt Vega doesn't have to wear these killers," she replied. "And no. These are specifically designed to stay this way. Damn those Goblins." Sighing, he took off his shoes, and placed them in front of her. "Here, take mine," he said. "But…" "No buts, Granger. We'll arrive at Hogwarts faster if you're able to walk properly," he shrugged, helping her keep steady as she took off her stilettos and slipped on his comfortable pair of Dragon hide shoes. "Better?" he asked as she shrunk his shoes to her size. After seeing her nod, he winked. "Let's go. You know McGonagall hates it when people are late." Hermione watched her best friend walk to the fireplace of his office in Malfoy Enterprises. It never ceased to amaze her how they both got along - he was her biggest bully in school, and she was his toughest rival in academics. She punched him in Third Year, while he hexed her in Fourth. Yes, they loathed each other with a passion. But then the war happened. They say that war changes people, and the Gryffindor Princess could attest that it indeed does. The initial shock she had upon seeing the Pureblood family at Grimmauld was replaced with annoyance when they were partnered with each other on a mission. Her annoyance turned to awe when he shielded her from a curse thrown by Yaxley, risking his own life to save hers. They were inseparable after that - best friends, if you will. At least that's what she thought until she noticed how incredibly beautiful his silver-grey eyes were, and how he always smelled of mint, and aftershave. She was doomed. "Take your sweet time, Granger. We're in no hurry at all," Draco drawled to her embarrassment. She had no idea how long she had been standing there, or how long he had been waiting. Face flushed, she walked hurriedly to the Floo to join him. Shortly after, they were engulfed in green flames and were on their way to Hogwarts to close the deal on Hermione's proposed Student Internship Program. @@@ Two hours, three cups of tea, and four pieces of mince pie later, the young pair found themselves walking listlessly along the empty hall outside the Headmistress's office. Draco allowed his unusually quiet companion to walk ahead of him. After they'd closed out the "deal", which allowed select students to join Malfoy Enterprises as Interns, Professor McGonagall asked them to stay and catch up a bit. He remembered they were having a good conversation with their former Professor about their respective careers and how their friends were doing, when the sassy old woman threw a curveball their way. "And what about the two of you?" their former Transfiguration Professor asked, shifting her gaze from Draco to Hermione. "The six-month grace period to choose your life partners is almost over. I highly suggest you act now, unless the thrill of being married off to a mystery partner excites you." Draco turned his attention back at the spirited Gryffindor, who made her way to the gardens leading up to the Great Lake. This was their go-to place in Eighth Year, when they needed a break from Head duties and their busy Academic schedule. He couldn't