SLASH BACKSLASH ONE-SHOT CONTEST Story Name: Uncomfortable Pen name: Savannah-Vee Pairing: Jasper/Edward Disclaimer: Anything Twilight related is not mine! To see other entries in the "SLASH BACKSLASH" contest, please visit the C2: www. fanfiction c2/74941/3/0/1/ Author's Note: Ok, this is quite a...random story. I've been reading a lot of slash from this contest and wasn't even thinking about writing anything for it. However, the first line of this story just popped into my head, and I tried to ignore it but it wouldn't leave, so I just started writing. And this story came out of it. I had no idea where I was going with it, I kind of just winged it, and it ended up the way it ended up. Just thought I'd enter the contest for the hell of it seeing as it's slash. My first ever slash story. Enjoy... The way he looks at me makes me feel... uncomfortable . "Dad, mom, Edward, this is, Jasper Whitlock, my boyfriend." Alice turns around to beam at me proudly, gripping my hand as she does. I smile back. "Well, Jasper, it's very nice to finally meet you." Alice's dad grips my hand in a strong, sturdy, handshake. "You too, sir," I reply. Her mom also steps forward and gives me a light, one armed hug. "Welcome to our home, Jasper, we've heard so much about you," she gushes. They're both friendly towards me, asking me questions, and making pleasant conversation. But not him. He just stands back, leaning against the wall, his hands shoved in the pockets of his jeans. He nods once, and then stares at me. And it makes me uncomfortable. I mean, it's not the fact that he's staring at me that makes me uneasy, because her mom and dad are pretty much doing the same. It's just the way he's doing it. His eyes, which I notice are an acute green, are stabbing at my body. It's like little sharp daggers are puncturing every inch of me as his eyes roam up and down, and down and up. I feel... exposed, awkward, self conscious. It feels like... like... Like he's checking me out. I bury that thought quickly though, rationalise that he's probably just being a protective older brother, sizing me up to make sure I'm good enough for his sister. I try to ignore the way I notice those eyes boring into my skull as we sit around the dinner table. I try to ignore the way he watches me closely as I eat the strawberry ice cream his mom has got for dessert. I try to ignore the way his eyes are following the spoon as it makes its way into my mouth, and the way he watches my lips as they close around it. I try not to be conscious of the way he stops eating his own ice cream, his spoon frozen in mid air, to gaze at me as my tongue licks my lips after I swallow, and the way his pink tongue pokes out and trails over his own lips when I do. I try to ignore all these things, even though they make me uncomfortable. / \ The second time I'm at their house, he doesn't look at me. Not once. There are a few of us there. There's Alice, me, Alice's friend, Rosalie, him, his friend, Emmett. And his girlfriend, Bella. He has a girlfriend. We're all lounging in the living room. He and Emmett are having a rematch of FIFA 15 on the Xbox One. They're tapping the buttons on the controller like crazy, sweating and swearing, and yelling threats of kicking each other's asses. He's sitting in the recliner. His girlfriend, Bella, who's sitting on his lap looking bored, is being jiggled around on his lap as he moves around, mimicking the movements of the players on the TV screen. Emmett is on the floor leaning against the couch, his head between Rosalie's legs, while Alice and I are sitting on the couch next to Rosalie. I watch him from the corner of my eye. The way his voice is deep and somewhat gravelly, is making me feel... odd. He's in a plain white tee, black sweatpants and black socks. It bothers me that I paid attention to his outfit. The way he swears, practically spitting the word, ' Fuck' when Emmett beats him, annoys me. The way his sideburns are so neat, framing his pretty, yet masculine, angular face annoys me. The way he obviously hasn't shaved this morning, and there's a shadow of stubble along his chiselled jaw line, annoys me. The way his thick eyebrows crease in concentration as he stares at the screen, the way his hair – which needs to have a brush run through it a couple of times – falls over his eyes, and the way he tosses it away annoys me. The way there's a light sheen of sweat glistening on his forehead, annoys me. The way the thick, black lines of the tattoo peeking out of his t shirt, on his bulging bicep, move every time he tenses his arm, outlining the toned muscle there, annoys me. The way he bites his full bottom lip and smirks a lopsided smirk when he beats Emmett, annoys me. But most of all, the way that he is completely ignoring me, annoys me. I take a large gulp of my cheap beer, grimacing at the taste. Alice's hand is at the back of my head, fingers buried in my hair, stroking. "What's wrong, Jaz?" she asks. I shake my head. "Nothing, Babe. This beer tastes like shit, that's all. I'm gonna go get a soda." I stand, stretching out my muscles, which have been, for some weird reason, pretty tensed. As I walk over to the kitchen, a deep voice calls out: "Yeah, get me one too." That's the first time he speaks to me. / \ I don't see him again until a couple of weeks later, because I don't go over to Alice's for a while, and he's in college, so I don't see him around school. It's Rosalie's birthday party. Nearly the whole of Forks High has attended, plus a bunch of college kids from the University of Washington. He and his girlfriend, Bella, are already there when Alice and I arrive at Rosalie's house. I spot him immediately. He's standing, leaning on the wall opposite the front door, Bella leaning against him, her ass grinding against his groin in time to the music. It irritates me. He has his hands around her waist, his chin resting on her shoulder, but his piercing eyes are on me. They twinkle in the light. It's unnerving - yet I stare back. Alice is tugging at my hand, dragging me over to the kitchen, and as I move with her, his eyes follow me. He doesn't smile, doesn't nod, doesn't have any facial expression, he just stares at me, like he did when I first met him. That awkward feeling of being checked out is back. Eventually, I'm out of his line of sight, and I find myself panting as I try to catch my breath, because – weirdly – I've been holding it since I walked in the front door. Alice is talking to a bunch of people from our school, and they're all yelling, and it annoys me. "Hey, Babe, I'm gonna go stand out in the hall, alright? Kitchen's too crowded," I murmur in her ear, and she nods, planting a quick kiss on my cheek. I make my way into the hall and sit on the last few steps of the long, winding staircase. And he suddenly appears. He's with his girlfriend, Bella, and they're making out. I can see him shoving his tongue deep into her mouth. I can hear her soft moans and his grunts as they continue to suck at each other's lips, their tongues probing, not seeming to notice – or care – that they have an audience of one. She pushes him up against the wall, pressing her large boobs into his chest, and her tiny hips into his groin. It's somewhat disgusting to watch, but still, I can't help gawping at him, at them. His eyes are closed, his hands gripping her ass, and I can see him shifting his hips into hers. The sight makes me uneasy. I tug at the crotch of my jeans, shifting a little at the uncomfortable feeling growing there as I continue to – involuntarily – stare at him, at them. I'm entranced at the way his lips are moving so furiously against hers, and at the little peeks of his tongue I get as it comes out to lick her lips, to stick down her throat, entranced at the rhythmic thrusting of his hips. His eyes open. He continues kissing her, never faltering, but he watches me as he does. I can only see one sharp green eye, staring at me, half closed with lust, as Bella's head is covering the other. The space in my jeans becomes even more restricted at the sight. His thrusts into Bella quicken, his grunts become groans, his panting becomes faster. And all the while he's watching me. He grips Bella's ass even harder, squeezing it between his long fingers. I swallow, my Adam's apple bobbing in my neck, and lick my lips which have become dry as I gape at him, them, slack jawed - and rock hard. "Mmmm, let's go upstairs," his girlfriend, Bella, moans. He grunts in response. I stand up and move out of the way as they stumble over to the stairs, still joined at the lips. Bella has wrapped her legs around his hips and he's carrying her, those fingers still squeezing her ass. They carry on up the stairs and I watch his long, lean frame until I can no longer see it. Then, I sag against the wall and I'm panting again, my hand gripping my erection, which is twitching in my jeans. / \ I have strange dreams that night. Dreams of him, of those stunning eyes that make me uncomfortable, of his dishevelled, floppy hair, of his chiselled jaw, lined with stubble, of his full bottom lip, of him biting it and smirking, of him kissing someone the way he was kissing his girlfriend, Bella, only the person he's kissing in the dream isn't Bella. There are dreams of his long fingers, and the way they grabbed Bella's ass, only in the dream it isn't Bella's ass he's grabbing. There are dreams of his pink tongue, the way it darted out when he kissed, the way he licked his lips, and in the dream, that tongue is also licking something else, something that is definitely not a part of Bella's anatomy. There are dreams of his hips, thrusting against someone that isn't Bella. There are dreams of that deep voice, grunting and groaning, and of that tattoo on his muscled arm and someone – who isn't Bella – tracing it with their finger, or is it their tongue... I wake up early the next morning, bathed in sweat, panting like a thirsty dog, and rock hard in my boxers. I take a shower, pumping out the discomfort with my hand, until it's released in short bursts, squirting hard against the shower wall. / \ He's shirtless. He's walking around the house, nonchalant, shirtless, and in sweatpants that are way too low on his hips. And, as I can't see any trace of underwear whatsoever, I assume that he's also going commando. And shit, just the thought of what's underneath the soft material of those pants makes me harden. I shift in my seat next to Alice on the couch and she looks at me. "What's up?" "Nothing." The word comes out on a breath and beads of perspiration dampen my forehead. Alice continues to look at me, eyes narrowed in doubt, and I notice that her