Hi there! :) This isn't my first fanfiction or anything, but I like to get to know my readers before anything, but this will be my first ever Hunger Games fic, so please be nice :D Oh, there's this story in the Hunger Games archive called 'In a Voice that Came from You and Me' by the very talented passionately-curious , which is kinda where I got my inspiration from. Don't worry, I'm not scamming the story and I absolutely hate plagiarism, but this is about Katniss becoming a star and such, but everything else should come from me. I love reviews, I do accept constructive criticism, but please note that 'this chapter was boring' is not constructive criticism and I hate getting feedback like that. Please, at least, tell me how to improve. And on that note, I hope you enjoy this non-canon, OOC story ;) Chapter 1—Try KATNISS My eyes slit open and I'm immediately blinded by the sunshine coming through the windows. I groan into my pillow and pull the covers over my head, as if I can block out the light. I can't. My head pounds with the power of a jackhammer, my vision is blurry and my tongue tastes bitter and acidic. After a few moments of wishing away the bright lights with no success, I grudgingly get up and stumble to the curtains. I swipe them together and fall back onto my bed. Then I curl up under the sheets and close my eyes. Hangovers suck. I think I blame Haymitch for bringing me partying with the team last night. I start to having creeping suspicions that maybe I should've listened to Effie and waited till the weekend to go out. But then again, it's Effie. Any sort of fun that includes alcohol makes her nose scrunch up and face screw in disgust. You'd think that I'd find it endearing after a while. I don't. I'm just a moment, so don't let me pass you by. They can speak our names in a dead language, coz you and I, we're alive. I groan again and slip my hand out into the cold air. Who the hell would call me this early in the morning? Let alone a day after getting drunk like hell. My fingers brush my bedside table and I rack my hand recklessly through any objects on it. The sound of things clattering to the floor makes me wince and grit my teeth, it sounds like a dozen nuclear explosions. My head pounds even more drastically and I really start to wonder whether I should've listened to Effie. But then even thinking starts to put some strain on my head, so I just focus my attention to finding my damn phone. Finally, my fingers skim across my buzzing phone and I make a grab for it. I swipe it from the table and then bring it under the covers and squint against the light. I swear to god, if it's Effie, or Haymitch, or even Finnick, I don't think I'll be able to control myself from murder. Prim. It reads. It's natural for a light smile to tug on my lips. There's a small picture of her that I took a few months back, hair braided, eyes wide and looking just like Prim would. I close my eyes after tapping the screen and pull the phone to the side of my face. "Hey, Katniss!" My sister screeches and I pull the phone away from my ear. I wince again and take a deep breath to try and calm my raging head. "Hey, Prim." I croak out. My voice sounds rough and course and it takes all my effort to just sound somewhat normal. Even though we're miles apart, I still have to be a good role model for Prim. But she always catches on quick. "You have a hangover don't you?" She giggles at my silence. "I can call later if you want." "No, no, no! It's ok. Talk to me." I quickly ram into one sentence. I imagine Prim curled up on the sofa with her phone in hand, a cup of coffee by her side and TV blaring some documentary about dolphins. That seems just about right. Prim's back at home, in our small town. I don't doubt that Sae's keeping a good eye on her, but I can't help but to worry. I mean, after our parents…after that happened, I became a mother to her, along with being her sister. I make her call me almost everyday just to check up on her, yet, Prim always has this way of making it seem like she's always checking up on me. "…Okay then." She hesitates before launching into this full explanation of what's happening lately. She tells me about her boyfriend, Rory, who turns out to be my best friend's little brother. Speaking of which, I wonder about how Gale's doing. We talk online as much as Prim and I do, but it's not the same as being around someone. There's a strong stirring in my stomach and I realize that I'm homesick. I miss Prim and that damn cat that always hangs around her, I miss tucking her shirts back so they don't hang out. I miss Gale, I miss shooting arrows with him at competitions and teasing each other about random things. I miss home. "Rory is just so—Katniss?" Prim's voice pulls me back to reality. "Yeah?" I quickly answer, as if I'd been listening the whole time. If you know enough about me, you'd know that I'm a terrible liar…and Prim knows me well enough. "It's alright, Katniss. I'll call you later." Prim giggles again. Sad to say, this isn't the first time she's called while I'm in a 'hangover state'. I'm setting a bad example, I know it, but Prim's sixteen now. Weirdly, I trust her enough to make her own decisions. She needs to experience things for herself, and I know that I can't choke her with a leash. But I swear, if Rory even thinks about— "Love you, Katniss." Prim drawls teasingly. "Love you too." I respond. Then I let my hand drop lazily onto the bed, bouncing a little at the impact. I kind of miss my own bed as well. It isn't anything special, but you get used to these sort of mundane things. Now, I crash in different hotel rooms, getting used to the generic white sheets and pillows. Sometimes I wonder what life would be like if I was still back home. It's a little selfish of me, I know it—there are a million girls out there who probably want to be in my shoes, but the fact is that I really miss everything I left behind. Don't be such a brat. Appreciate what you have. A voice whispers in the back of my mind. I know it's right. Then there's a knock at my door. Not a soft tap, but a violent rapping that I know can only belong to one person. "Get up, sweetheart. We've got a lot of work to do." Haymitch growls at the other side of the door. I groan into my pillow again, wishing everyone and everything could just go away for a couple of hours. "It's going to be a big, big, big day!" A voice chimes. Urgh, Effie. If there's one thing …or one person—though I'm beginning to doubt that she's actually human—that I really hate dealing with, it's her. See, Haymitch and I get along fine, we both just get each other, and because of that, we respect what the other does and says. Where as Effie …let's just say things aren't smooth at all. I hear the door creaking open and the wood sliding over the carpet in one composed sound. Why the hell must they have the other card into this room? "This room is an absolute sty! What happened here? A tornado?" Effie shrieks disapprovingly. I roll my eyes and groan. Really? This early in the morning? My hand flies to the pillow next to me, and I fling it in the general direction of the door. I hear a satisfying squeak from Effie, and I dig my head further into my pillow. "Alright, sweetheart. You've got one hour. Do whatever you want, but be up and fresh by the end of it." I make a small growl-like sound to respond to Haymitch. "Haymitch! This is appalling! She practically abused us, did you see that? Why can't I get someone who actually has some manners, those high up artists? Instead I get—" "Now, now, Effie. Just let the girl sleep for a bit. She'll be up in no time." Haymitch doesn't sound very convincing, but I'm so glad that he interrupted her while he did. I'm getting so sick of disappointing people, and it's not my fault that I'm the way I am. "But, Hay-mitch. " Effie begins to throw a hissy fit, and I'm so glad that I'm wrapped under these sheets, away from her and her attitude. Poor Haymitch. I really wouldn't want to be in his position at all. "It was me who came up with the idea to go drinking last night remember? Not her." Haymitch completely blows me away. He's taking a bullet for me. I guess he understands what I've been through, and that life has been hard on me. And you know why he understands this? Because life hasn't been that amazing to him either. I'm grateful to him. I remind myself that I should buy him a bottle of expensive wine when I get up. Drinking might not be good for you, but I know how much the pain hurts. And if drinking helps him take away that pain, then I'm in no position to judge. I know I've done worse… Besides the large drums in my head, there's only silence. This is a very bad sign because it means that Effie is just about to explo— "It is your fault isn't it?! It's your entire fault, always letting her get what she wants and letting her off the hook when she screws up! You're too soft on her!" Effie continues and I can practically feel Haymitch's irritation right now. Then I hear the soft click of the door and Effie's muffled voice. Well, here goes another normal day. At the studio, things don't get any better. Things are everywhere, people pushing past each other screaming for some assistance that they don't exactly have. Okay, it's not really that bad, but the studio has seen it's better days. "There she is. It's about time, Ms. Everdeen." It's Effie again, and I roll my eyes before grudgingly turning around to face her. "Don't give me that attitude. You know that you're behavior this morning was unacceptable. Imagine if that was the attitude you used on a live interview." She harrumphs before shaking her head, "All our hard work would go down the drain." The way she slips in 'our' starts to really push me over the edge. It wasn't 'our' hard work; it was 'my' hard work. Was Effie on the streets with a cheap guitar and freezing hands everyday? Was she the one who got ignored on the streets with no money to spare? I don't think so. Just as I'm about to give Effie a piece of my mind, someone interrupts me. "Well there's our little star!" Haymitch brings a beefy arm around my shoulder. The gesture seems friendly, but he and I both know that he's restraining me from any violent behavior—and doing something that I will eventually regret. Effie brushes past me and I exhale a long breath. "Thanks." I mumble to Haymitch. He takes his arm off and crosses both of them on his chest. "Don't think I'll always be there to cover for you, Katniss. You gotta learn to control that pistol-temper of yours." He tells me. It's like he's scolding me, but looking at