A/N: BelieveItOrNot plus IReen H equals BelieveItOrIreen. PreRead by Thimbles Beta'd by Songster51 Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight and all recognizable characters. IReen H and BelieveItOrNot own this plot and any other non-Twilighty details. I will never leave your side Though you call me your number one zero your nevermind I'll be your king, I'll be your pawn I will build a pedestal and put you upon it ~Number One Zero by Audioslave Bella. He can see her through the window. Her back is to him, wild hair gathered into a knot at her nape, the tips sticking out like spider's legs. She kneels before the big blackboard—pulled from its hooks above—chalking out the daily specials. His heart trips. His palms sweat. He takes a deep breath, lets it out, reminds himself that he's known her since he was six. She puts a flourish on the L at the end of Bella's Breakfast Bagel , before turning toward the front door when the chime sounds. Bella's body stiffens and she steps woodenly to the side, her foot hitting the basket of chalk, knocking it over. Her arm comes up, arcing overhead, body bent to gather her balance. "Edward. Good morning. You, uh … You want mint, this morning?" That she's jittery with nerves and blushing a bright pink relaxes him somewhat. He isn't the only one unsure of how to behave this morning. Turning toward the counter, she hefts back the partition, and positions herself so the cash register is between them. She looks drawn, her smile stiff, as her gaze dances between his collar and his still-clammy hands, which Edward crams into his pockets. "Yes, please." He swallows. "What's on the bagel?" He woke up ravenous. "Two eggs, pepper-jack, turkey bacon, and avocado. Or, you might prefer the Mitzvah. Cream cheese, lox, capers, cucumbers. Or you could have-" "Bella..." He runs his fingers through his hair, not sure how to begin. "In regard to - I mean, concerning..." He clears his throat. "Um, about last night-" Her eyes fall closed as she squeezes the sides of her apron, leaving smears of chalk dust when she lets go. Like the smears of watermelon all over his sleeve last night, her sticky fingers pinching his shirt. … The keg had been empty for a while. Bella had sent some guys to the gas station to get more beer, but she, derelict in her self-preservation, was eating vodka-soaked watermelon with a melon baller. Sometimes, when she laughed, Edward could see the juice inside the corners of her mouth. The watermelon and her gums matching in shade. Both enticing in his own state of intoxication. Resting an elbow on Edward's shoulder, legs pulled up beneath her on the sofa, she let go of his sleeve. "No. You can't say that Axl Rose was the greatest frontman ever. That's just. Preposterous. What about Freddie Mercury? Or..." she pointed the melon baller at him. "Three words. David. Lee. Roth." Edward laughed, pulling the utensil from her hand. "Should you be eating that? How much beer have you had?" She waved her hand at him. "Hardly any." But she was slurring. "Besides. I'm just... Mostly I'm just happy that you're back. In Berkeley. Why didn't we keep in touch?" She reached for the melon baller, her cold fingers holding his, not taking it. He shrugged a shoulder and tried to think. His mind was frustratingly foggy, the only things clear to him in that moment were the movement of Bella's lips, her fingers on his, the ruckus around them, and the absolute fact that David Lee Roth was not the best frontman ever. And he was sort of pondering the area beneath the curve in a continuous function, A of x. The area may not be known, but the function is. Slope of a line, slope of a breast. Almost, almost touching his arm where they sat on the rotted red sofa. Continuously inching closer than they'd ever been. She looked up at him, her eyes a gossamer glow. Her cheeks colored, the tiniest bit under each eye. She was flushed. Was he staring? Had she asked him something? He shook his head, tensing his brow in an attempt to focus. "I don't know. Why didn't we?" She released him, and as if forgetting about the utensil he held, plucked at the watermelon with her fingertips, short paint-chipped nails, matching the hue of her Chucks, the sole flapping on one side. Her bare shoulder—sun-kissed and spattered with light summer freckles—rose to her ear. She held the pose and smiled at him. "Oh well, right? We're here, now." The breath was thin in his lungs. Thin and a little too warm. He wanted to reach and touch the thick swath of bang that fell over one eye, the only section of hair that wasn't knotted into thick, well-made dreadlocks. But he kept his hand still. They looked at each other, long; something between them shifting, settling. His guarded desire to touch her, he could feel the moment she became aware of it, the moment she shared it. The moment she moved, climbing onto his lap. Him, helping her, gripping her hip as she swung her leg over his. And then he was tasting her, her mouth fresh and vibrant, sliding easily against his. The drum in his chest amplified, he pulled on her waist, leaning back under the press of her kiss, smelling the spark of her skin, her perspiration mixed with the citrus of her lotion. He felt the couch underneath him—still, solid—the folds of her skirt pleating under the clutch of his fingers. The spin of the room around them. She whispered against his lips. "I'm sorry. I … I'm drunk and making poor decisions." "It's okay." The blood burned in his neck. "So am I." ... His neck burns again now. He reaches for the back of it, grips tight. "Edward, look. It's no big deal." She looks terrified. Can she really regret it that much? By no means did Edward consider it his best performance. In fact, if anyone should be embarrassed this morning it's him. The look on Bella's face suggests otherwise. "No ... big deal? Really?" He leans forward, pushing his fingers along the cool chrome counter. Toward her. "Really." She takes a step back. "I mean. We've known each other practically forever. Physical intimacy is just another state of being. When you think about it. I mean. We've touched each other plenty of times. Do you want a for-here cup, or to-go?" She rests her hand on the stack of paper to-go cups, as if suggesting which he should choose. "So, wait. What are you saying?" "Well, it would be a shame if a different state of existence—you know—messed up… a really good, long… friendship. Right? Did you want the bagel?" His heart has turned from helium to nickel. Blood pumps like mercury in his veins. There's no way he can eat anything. She thinks it was a mistake. Fuck. ... It was here in Jake's Coffee House, two weeks earlier, Edward's second day back in Berkeley, that he first recognized Bella. He might've noticed her sooner if not for the August sun shooting through wide windows, ricocheting off the polished wood floor, the chrome chairs, the countertops, burning his eyes to a squint. Nearby patrons were sliding sunglasses down from their heads to rest on noses. Edward started grabbing for his own sunglasses tucked into the vee of his shirt, just as the line moved forward and he stepped into shadow. It was her hand that had caught his attention. No, the bend of her wrist. An animated speaker, she'd often held her wrist that way as she gestured, as if holding a paintbrush, waiting to add that final touch to canvas. Her wrist would go one way and her head would tilt opposite. He blinked consciously as if he might blink the sight away. Ridiculous, it couldn't be. But it was, he realized, as his gaze scaled her arm, past her apron strap, the slender line of her neck, to her face. Her face, still round, but less so; lips, fuller and darker than he remembered; eyes like a black and tan, light brown on the inside surrounded by dark. Those eyes, no question. Those eyes. As a child, and later as an adolescent, he'd spent hours, days—well, months, if he totaled the time—simply memorizing her eyes. Approaching the counter, he decided he wouldn't say anything. He'd wait to see if she recognized him. She'd taken his order without looking up, punching the proper buttons on the register. "Name?" He didn't answer right away. "Your name?" She looked at him. His mouth opened and closed before his name took shape and sound. "Edward." Her eyes narrowed; those darker, fuller lips pursed in surprise before parting into a smile. She hoisted herself up and climbed over the counter. Standing in front of him with her hands on his shoulders, she looked up into his eyes. Was it possible she still smelled the same? Sun-heated skin mixed with her grandma's laundry detergent? Or was this his overactive mind filling in memories for him? "Oh, my God. Edward Masen!" She jumped up and threw her arms around his neck, sending him stumbling back a couple of steps, forcing him to brace himself on the edge of a chair. He circled his arms around her waist and squeezed—squeezed in surprise of running into her like this, and in relief that she'd recognized him after all this time. Years and years it had been. In a blink he'd done the math. It had been eight years since he'd last laid eyes on Bella Swan. It had been eight years, two months, one week, and four days since the last time he'd held her in his arms. He remembered the exact day, his eighth grade graduation. She'd just finished seventh grade, no reason to be at the graduation other than the fact that he'd asked her to come. When she'd congratulated him, she'd hugged him. Something poked at his shoulder, digging into his flesh through his T-shirt. "What is that?" He asked as they both stepped back. Chin to chest she looked down. "I made it." She took the pin off her apron and, palm open, pushed it toward his face. It was a pair of high heel shoes twisted from wire, and on the pointed toes, tiny copper wristwatch gears as eyes with black dots of paint as pupils. "Do you like it?" Before he could answer, she started pinning it to his shirt. "It's yours." He stretched his shirt from his chest, peering down at these ladies' shoes with eyes that were now pinned to him. He frowned at her. "I call them Windows to Your Sole. " Lifting her leg, she pointed to the bottom of her shoe. "Not soul, you know? It's a play on words." She looked up at him in a way that made him forget about the pin hanging askew from his shirt. He tried to make out her expression; was it surprise or awe? "Wow. You are so … tall. What are you doing here? Isn't your dad still in Redding?" He'd seen his dad since he'd been back in California, but only once. His life was easier when he didn't have to answer pointless questions about his mother, or defend her, which he did, every time, despite agreeing with Edward Sr. "Yeah, he is. I'm - I'm at Cal." Her eyes went round. "No way!" "Yeah. I actually. I wondered if you were still here. If you'd gone away to school or what." She waved her hand. "Nope. I don't think I could leave. You know? I don't really know anything about anywhere else. So what was Washington like?" "Bella!" A dark-haired man behind the counter gestured to the line and raised his hands as if to say, "Why aren't you working?" "I'm taking my