There are moments, seconds really -the instant before she fully wakes up; crisp mornings when she's hit with the sharp scent of pine needles; the sight of fledgling birds trying out their fragile wings; when she tears into a warm, nutty slice of bread- when she forgets. But then she opens her eyes, and the certain knowledge that I'm not safe, he's not safe, we'll never be safe comes flooding back into her veins, driving her up, up and away until she can find him, hands clawed and ready to throttle anyone who might hurt him. The war has been over for almost six months (Prim has been dead for 158 days, she hasn't seen her mother for 152 days, she hasn't spoken to Gale for exactly five months and she and Peeta, along with a handful of others have been slowly reclaiming District 12 for about seven weeks) but she can't force her body to relax. Sometimes it feels like her muscles have been clenched since the day nearly two years ago when Effie Trinket blithely called out "Primrose Everdeen," and that she has been balanced on the knife's edge of fight-or-flight ever since. And, in the end, she knows that the deaths of Snow and Coin, the cessation of hostilities and the declaration of peace are meaningless. Because, even in the ruins of what was once her home, surrounded by familiar faces and a familiar forest, she knows she's not safe. They could come for her at any moment; they could come for him at at moment; they could take the only thing she has left. Seven weeks ago, when the transport deposited them in District 12, she could barely step outside. The devastation choked her; the overwhelming scope of what had been done to this place where she had grown up, and the impossibility of ever putting it -or herself- back to the way it was. Peeta carried both of their packs off the plane, and she tottered after him, batting plumes of smoke she was pretty sure only she could see away from her mouth and nose. They picked their way over the rubble, taking excruciating care to avoid anything that looked like bone or clothing or hair, nodding silently as the fifteen other volunteers who had come back with them departed towards their old homes. She'd thought he would lead her to the lot were his family's bakery used to be, because he hadn't seen it yet, he'd been trapped in the Capitol when she'd gone back to 12, because she hadn't saved him, she hadn't fucking saved him , but when they entered the square, he stopped abruptly. She turned, looking for the danger he must have sensed, ripping an arrow from her quiver and sighting along the string, breaths coming in tight gasps and heart hammering in her chest. But it was an old danger he faced, a soot-blackened emblem of an old enemy. He dropped their packs at her feet and marched into the square, scanning the ground as he walked. He pulled a rib of thin metal from the rubble, and she could see the muscles of his back ripple as he rolled his shoulders. She dropped her arms, releasing the torque on the bowstring, but still, always , on her guard, as Peeta dropped to his knees and began to pry the bolts from the metal restraints of the whipping post. The bolts of the restraints were riven deep, and the bolts attaching the post to the ground were even deeper, and it was clear his tools were woefully inadequate to the task he had appointed himself. His soft grunts of exertion drifted across the bombed-out square, and she flinched every time he hurled a restraint into the gutted buildings surrounding them. It took him a full day and most of the night, and all the while she prowled the edges of the square with an arrow on the string, ready to put it through the eye of anyone who approached him. Finally, as the crescent moon shimmered above them, he lowered his shoulders and crashed into the post, driving it into the ground with a CLANG that probably echoed all the way to the smoldering ruins of the Capitol. Watching him walk tiredly back towards her, his pale hair gleaming in the darkness, she allowed herself the barest instant to marvel at the sheer strength in his body, even battered and scarred by the very worst Snow could do. When he reached her, he dropped to the ground at her feet, and accepted the canteen she handed him, lifting it in a mock salute to the defeated whipping post, before pouring it over his head. She crouched next to him, wanting to reach for his hands, to cradle them to her chest, but his fingers were bloody and raw, and anyway she couldn't seem to unfurl hers from around her bow. They sat, staring at the gutted square as bats fluttered above them, feasting on their bounty of carrion flies, until the faintest fingers of daylight crept over the horizon. He blinked, and turned to face her, never afraid to look her in the eye. "People shouldn't be governed, like that." He lifted his chin towards the site of his efforts, eyes skimming over the dark smudge of the upended whipping post. "You can't have government through fear, or coercion, or... pain ." His voice cracked on the last word, and every molecule of her body strained toward him, desperate to burrow into him, to erase his memories of pain, pain that she had caused, because she hadn't protected him, hadn't saved him, had let them take him ... "Katniss." He stood, his left knee creaking, and offered her his hand. Even now, his were the only hands she wanted on her, because he had always been so careful with her, letting her know it was always her choice, so she let him pull her to her feet. "That's over now. It's not how we do things, in District 12. It will never be how we do things." His voice was rough and tired, and he was sweaty and covered in soot, but this was why she had bargained her life away to save him. This was why he would always be her weakness, and why she would never be worthy of him . He picked up their packs, and lifted his battered hands to brush a strand of hair away from her face. "I just...want everyone to know that." For their first seven weeks back in District 12, those were the only words he spoke to her. She wants to stay curled in her blankets, curtains drawn against the sun, but the memories of Prim's lilting voice and her mother's industry drive her out of bed each day. She sets the house in the Victor's Village to rights within the first few days, and grins grimly to herself at the horrified shrieks she knows Octavia would make at the sight of her chipped and ragged fingernails. But the gleaming floors of her house are worthless without Prim to slide across on her socks, and she cannot stay indoors. So she traverses the forest, teaching the re-settlers of District 12 what berries and nuts and tubers they can safely eat, and when to harvest them. She fletches arrows while sprawled on her porch, and stretches the hides of the rabbits and squirrels on racks built by one of her grateful students. She joins the gangs of volunteers scavenging the rubble and burying the bodies, and she even manages to speak at the mass funeral they hold on the last day of the fourth week, when the remains they buried almost certainly belonged to Madge Undersee and her family. She brings some of the most adventurous children to the Katniss-roots lake where her father taught her to swim, and almost convinces herself that she is doing this to give them a holiday, and not to make sure that they have all the requisite skills to survive a Hunger Games. She chops wood for hours, distributing it amongst the re-settlers, but always bringing a bundle to Haymitch, and always dropping a load at Peeta's back door. Because Peeta's door is closed to her. The morning of their second day back in District 12, after she had been awoken by the clanks of the crew clearing away the first piles of rubble, she'd scrounged bandages and antiseptic from Prim's stock and stalked across the street to his house, ready to care for his battered hands. But the door was locked and the windows were shut and he did not answer her knock. Frantic, because she could not see him, and he wasn't safe , she sprinted around the house to the back door, already scooping up a rock to smash through the small pane of glass. But he was there, sitting at the kitchen table just inside the back door, turned away from her. She knew he could hear her, because his whole body flinched with every knock. She had shouted herself hoarse and banged on the door until her knuckles were raw, and still he refused to answer her. If it had been anyone else -if it had been Gale- she would have heaved the rock through the window and forced her way in; she would have made him talk to her. But too many people had made Peeta do things over the past two years, and she refused to be one of them. He had basically given her everything; she could give him that, at least. So she leaves him duck eggs and rabbit meat and dandelion greens, and she drags heavy bags of flour and sugar from the rubble of the bakery to his porch, and she experiments with feathers and fur to make him paint brushes, and whenever any of the re-settlers asks, brow furrowed, about him, she smiles a tight-lipped smile and tells them, as brightly as she can, not to worry. She keeps him safe, in the only way that he'll let her. But he's not safe. She can hear him wake in the night, screaming and begging and sometimes calling her name. Their houses in the Victor's Village aren't that far apart, and the days are silent now, without the hum of electricity or street lights. Most nights, she sits, hunched and miserable, nose pressed to the glass of her bedroom window, sure she can make out his outline perched on the edge of his bed. Peeta loved her, loves her , she knows. That is real real real . And they've both been gripped by nightmares, but they've always slept better curled around each other, pretending that they are safe, together. But nobody shot you full of tracker jacker venom , a tiny voice that sounds disturbingly like Joanna's always reminds her. Nobody hijacked your memories and nobody tortured you and nobody turned your own fucking mind against you. Nobody has to remind you what's real real real . They both have been gripped by nightmares, and they've always slept better, curled around each other. But now, maybe, she is his nightmare. For real real real . On nights when his panicked cries awaken her, she straps on her boots and bow and stalks around Victor's Village, guarding Peeta's house from any monsters that might lurk on the scrubbed streets, because he won't let her fight the ones inside his head. Most of District 12 is rubble, and she's been told that countless small fires burn in the seams of coal beneath the District. But Snow left Victor's Village mostly whole for her, so she would always know that all of this destruction and death was her fault, that she should have eaten the nightlock berries and died like she was supposed to. The reminder sits on her chest like a millstone, but she cannot help being fiercely glad that Peeta is sleeping in