One: The morning after a storm, the sea is calm, but the air still smells of lightning and froth and fury. It is his Grandda's favorite time to mend nets. On the morning after a storm, all the other men of his village would pile into their sleek boats, ready to harvest the bounty that floated to the top after the storm, but Finnick is too young and small, and his Grandda is too old and too blind, and so, they mend nets, small fingers mingling with gnarled ones, until the nets are whole again. Grandda has a rough stool, carven from driftwood, and he would sit upon the stool and face the sea, even though his milky eyes could no longer tell the difference between the water and the land. He would stand Finnick between his knees, and lay the net over his lap, and mend the frayed ropes and knots and strands. And, as they worked, his Grandda would tell stories of the sea. "Every net is a pattern, mi amo ," he would say. "I've known this pattern my whole life. It's in my blood and my bones, and it's in yours, too. I know it like I know my body. I don't need my eyes to see it." Finnick would nod gravely, knowing that his Grandda did not need his eyes to see Finnick's agreement, either. "So, mi amo, we start with the edges." Once, there was a whale. A great, white whale. A boat captain named Ahab dreamed of this whale, and dreaded him, and so he and his men set out to kill it… "Now, we move towards the middle. Feel that grapevine knot? Feels weak. Can you fix it?" Once, there was a shark. A great, white shark. It was terrorizing the beaches, so three men set off in boat to capture it… "Now we soak it, let the fibers tighten, so no fish can escape our net." Once, there was a witch. A great white witch. She lived in a clamshell at the bottom of the sea, and she granted wishes, to anyone brave enough to find her… Over the years, Finnick heard the stories of the great white shark and the great white whale dozens of time, but he and Grandda never got to the end of the story of the great white witch; the nets were well kept, and mending them never took very long. As he grew up, he sometimes dreamed that the white witch at the bottom of the sea had rippling red hair and milky skin and sea-green eyes, and that she sometimes came up from her clamshell to grin at him over the counter of her mother's fish-stall. The first year that Finnick was eligible for the Reaping, his Grandda sliced a line from an old and often-mended net, and tied it around Finnick's wrist in a constrictor's knot- the most effective binding knot. He was still wearing it on the hot spring day when a slender man coated in silver sequins called out "Finnick Odair", as if this was a great honor, as if Finnick should be excited to leave his village by the sea. Two: He is twelve years, six months and eleven days old when he falls in love. He is on the beach with his cousins, learning how to thrust and parry with a trident; how to stab and slash and pierce. They have been practicing for hours, and his hands sting and his arms are shaking with weariness, but he refuses to ask his cousins for a respite. He's a full six inches shorter than his next-shortest cousin, and they do not bother to hide their doubts at his abilities to handle a weapon. He is desperate to prove himself to them; he wants to fish with them, to stand fearlessly on the prow of a boat and bring home dinner to his mother and little sisters. He has been cleaning nets and fish guts and boat hooks for years, and he longs to leave these childhood tasks behind, and to be counted as a man. The Odair cousins are golden-skinned and broad-shouldered, and very good at trident-work, and soon their demonstration attracts an audience. Most of the watching girls giggle and sigh and simper, but a few snatch up sticks of driftwood, and mimic Finnick's clumsy poses, playing at spear-fishing with their own brothers and cousins. Finnick shuts out their shouts and the cooing of the girls, but he cannot help but look for a flash of red hair out of the corner of his eye, and gets dumped to the sand when his cousin Graffa hooks him behind the ankle, and yanks. He is up in an instant, spitting sand, but Graffa is laughing at him, not kindly. "Watch that footwork, little 'Nik," he says, a sardonic smile plastered on his face. He jabs at Finnick's feet, and Finnick leaps backwards, ending up on his ass again. Furious, flames licking up his cheeks, he scrambles to his feet, ready to charge his much older cousin, already resigned to getting tossed into the sea, when her voice echoes across the beach, clear and pure, like the call of a seabird. "Ahoy! Last one to the buoy is a dirt-grubbing land-lubber!" They are coastal children, and cannot resist the challenge. En masse, they all dive for the sea, a whooping Annie Cresta in the lead. Finnick swims as if the great white shark from his grandfather's stories is gnashing at his heels, and soon outdistances everyone but Annie. Even his oldest cousins are left in his wake, and he sees them turn back to the shore, calling to each other that this is stupid, for babies , and they have more important things to do than cavort in the sea. She reaches the rusted buoy seconds before he does, and he gasps for air, chest heaving, as she smirks at him, not even out of breath. They are the only two to make it to the buoy; the oldest children turned back when it was clear they'd be beaten by a ten-year-old girl, and the rest are too little to swim so far. Finnick pushes lazily off the beveled edge of the buoy, and does a flip underwater, coming up right next to Annie, his hands entangled with hers on the lowest rung of the buoy. His breath back, he grins at her, a little bit awed by her, and a lot grateful for her well-timed swimming challenge, happy to show off something he excels at, after being knocked on his ass all afternoon. "You're faster than all the boys," he tells her, not exactly sure if this is the right thing to say. "My mother says I'm half fish," she replies. She glances back towards the shore, her hand shading her eyes. "Maybe, in a fishing village, that's a bad thing." "I'd never let them hurt you," he says, hurriedly. It's half a joke, because no one would ever hunt Annie, but it rings out across the water in a way that seems important. Even with his face turned away from her, he can feel the sunny blaze of her smile against his skin. "I know, Finnick. I know." Three: Only family members are permitted into the tribute departure chambers at the train depot in Four, but silly things like official pronouncements and rules have never stopped Annie Cresta. She climbs the ivy trellises on the outside of the crumbling depot, and taps at the window until he realizes she is there. It takes all of their combined strength to wrench the heavy window open, and his fear for her, perched on a thin scrap of wood 15 feet in the air, is strong enough to drive his fear for himself completely out of his head, until she is safely inside and has wrapped him in a bone-crushing hug. Then, it all comes flooding back, and he drives his face into the top of her head, trying to force his tears back into his eyes, inhaling the sea-sweet smell of her hair with every breath. He tried to act brave for his mother and sisters and cousins, but he is terribly afraid, and Annie, who has just escaped another year's Reaping, understands. The slam! of a door echoes just outside the departure room, and he gently herds her over to the window, whispering that she can't get caught, and that she has to go, now! She fumbles with his forearm as he lifts her to the window sill, and he flinches when something pulls roughly at the thin skin of his wrist. She has tied a rough hunk of green sea-glass to the worn bracelet of hemp his grandfather fastened to his wrist three years ago, and the charm sparkles dully in the fading light. "I had to give you this," she mumbles, rubbing the charm between her fingers absently. "For luck?" he asks, aware down to his bones that he'll need a whole boatload of it if he plans to make it out of the Games alive. Her eyes flash as she shakes her head. " No. Not for luck. You don't need it." She looks up at him, and he suddenly feels ten feet tall. "You're fast and smart and you're going to win. This is just… to remember me by." Booted feet echo in the corridor outside his door, and Finnick nearly shoves her out the window, holding her up while her feet scrabble for purchase on the trellis. He leans out after her, and suddenly, she rears up, and kisses him square on the mouth. Their teeth clack together and his stomach is jammed against the splintery sill, but he doesn't care. He could stay like this forever. She pulls back, grinning. "That, too," she says, and ducks out of sight as the door swings open. He feels her kiss, burning his mouth like a coal, until the canon sounds, and the Games begin. Four: On the Victory Train, still jittery with nerves and random starbursts of adrenaline, he cannot sleep. The Capitol's surgeons have healed the wounds he sustained in the Games, but they couldn't fix the triggers in his brain that force alertness upon him at all times. He's just spent the last month crouched in hastily-made piles of camouflage, muscles clenched and ready to spring, and the soft beds of the Victory Train make him feel itchy and weak. So at night, instead, he sneaks into the provisions cars and filches pastries, sprinting away from the chefs who flick their dishtowels at him, laughing at his antics. He revels in his new untouchable status; back in Four, his mother would put him to work scraping barnacles for a week if she caught him stealing desert. He has the whole run of the train as it passes through the outer districts, and heads toward the Capitol, and is miffed when Peacekeepers chivy him back into his stateroom on the nights the train is parked at the depot in Two. On their final night in Two, Finnick and Mags and their Capitol handlers have a private dinner with Mayor Praetorius and his family, and Finnick flirts outrageously with the Mayor's beautiful daughters, delighting them (and himself) with his stupid jokes and smiles. Walking back to the train that night, Mags loops her arm around his shoulders, and snuggles him against her. She curls her fingers in his hair, and he rests his head against her bony shoulder. "You're going to be quite the heartbreaker, child," she tells him, and he cannot understand why she sounds so sad. Hours later, when he hears his door slide open, he expects Mags or maybe Drizella, his stylist, even as a tiny part of him wonders if Praetorius' red-headed daughter has snuck down to meet him. But, it's not any of his expected -or hoped for- women. Mags has been forcing politeness into his sunburned brain as fast as