Hey peeps. I wrote this with the wonderful Snowflakelover, author of Ebony & Ivory, for the Diversity Contest. We didn't win anything :( Boohoo. But the other stories were genuinely amazing and deserved to win. Beta'd by the amazing Alice's White Rabbit Language notes: Aper: Bro Aper jan: Brother dear Ara: Oh my god (In this context) Schat: dear ~*tB&tB*~ "I can't believe our parents allowed us to go to Holland," Emmett says as he sits down to scratch at a lottery game for luck. "I know, aper . My parents told me I had to get a red diploma for them to pay for my vacation. I'm happy that my hours of studying paid off," Edward replies, joining Emmett and pulling out a cigarette. "You and your red diploma. Can you shut up about it just once and stop boasting?" "Don't be jealous because I'm smarter than you," Edward brags, not a trace of humor in his voice as he takes a long drag from the cigarette. "We get it! Find something else to talk about!" They're both sitting in the miniscule smoking section at Zvartnots International Airport, Armenia—Edward smoking and Emmett cursing at his luck for not winning the prize on the ticket. There are only ten minutes left to board their plane, but the boys have made cutting it close into an art form and are in no hurry. "Next time, God willing, you'll win, aper jan ." Edward placates Emmett as he exhales smoke from his nose. "Yeah." Emmett's whole demeanor suddenly lightens. "What's the first thing we're going to do when we land?" "Put our stuff at the hostel then go smoke some weed and sleep with a few birds. You know how Western women are easy," Edward says. "I heard they'll sleep around with any guy." "That's what I've heard, too, aper ." A female announcer calls for last minute boarders, which prompts Edward and Emmett to run puffing and huffing to the terminal. ~*tB&tB*~ "Hello, and welcome to Amsterdam's finest hostel, the White Rose," the receptionist greets. Edward and Emmett stare at her, not used to seeing girls with quite this many tattoos and piercings. After they check in and stow away their luggage, they head out to sightsee. They both decide to go on a boat tour because, why not? And it's right off the hostel. The White Rose hostel is right next to one of Amsterdam's famous canals, and big signs offering tourists boat tours showing the city's sights while you're sitting down easily draw the tired, lazy boys in—after visiting a so-called coffee shop that sells marijuana, of course. The boat tour is, for a couple of disinterested tourists, fairly boring. The city's architecture and unique canal structure is fascinating to the elderly couple in front of them, but Edward and Emmett spend most of the tour spotting "bangable chicks.". At the front of the boat, a girl Edward gave a solid 9 out of 10 is introducing herself through a microphone in four different languages. Too late to catch the English version, Edward and Emmett try to catch her name in the rest of her speech—after all, even with easy Western girls, surely knowing a name will make it much easier to get her into bed. "...Bonjour, tout le monde, je m'appelle Bella. Est-ce qu'il y a des gens Françaises? Non? D'accord, je ne parlerai pas Français aujourd'hui. Guten Tag, ich bin Bella. Gibt es heute Deutsche Leute? Nein? OK, kein Deutsch heute. Goedenmiddag dames en heren, mijn naam is Bella. Ik zal de tour vandaag in het Engels en in het Nederlands aan u vertellen." The boys deduce almost nothing from that mess of different languages and promptly lose interest in her speech again. "There are over 1,500 bridges in Amsterdam." Bella drones like a college professor with a burn out. "The city expanded along the Amstel River, making the role of the water more important than the land. The city is also called the Venice of the North sometimes." She sighs and starts mumbling into the crappy cheap microphone. "Then again, so are a dozen other cities, so that shows you just how much that means." She grabs a lock of hair and twirls it around her finger. It's not the way girls do it when they're trying to flirt; it's more of a testament to her utter boredom. Everything about her—her posture, the monotony of her voice, the way she's not even attempting to look at the passengers—shows just how much she really doesn't want to be here. Which is true, she really doesn't, but the canal cruise company pays pretty well, so Bella finds herself repeating the same story three times a week to insufferable tourists. Most tourists come to Amsterdam because of the legal marijuana and prostitution, not so much for its culture and architecture. Each tour boat is generally filled with a handful of traveling families, all Teva sandals and fanny packs, and a few dozen loud teenagers and college students, either drunk or high. Or both. It got tedious. "On your left, you'll see the Rembrandt house." Bella waves her arm halfheartedly in the direction of the street. "World-famous artist Rembrandt van Rijn lived here between 1639 and 1658. It was sold because he went bankrupt. There's a museum in the building right now if you feel like getting all cultural although you may wanna start with the Rijksmuseum, the Van Gogh, and the Anne Frank House. Anyway …" " Aper , this is boring. Let's light a joint," Emmett whispers, handing a joint to Edward. Suddenly, a hand slams onto the table, startling Edward so much that he drops the barely lit, badly rolled joint onto the aluminum table. "Boys. Where are you from?" Bella asks in a stern voice. "Armenia," Emmett answers, puffing his chest out with pride. Bella's face remains neutral. "Y'all got rules there? Laws and such?" The boys nod. "Good. You'll understand then when I say, of fucking course, you can't fucking smoke pot on a fucking tour boat. There are children in this same room and you can't wait thirty fucking minutes to get high?" Bella's voice turns angry, choosing to ignore the children she mentioned when it comes to cursing. "Now I know you've been talking all through my history of Amsterdam, which is one thing, but you are not going to smoke up on my boat. Either the joint or the both of you are going to end up in the canal in the next two minutes. Which one will it be?" "Were you raised by savages? I've never heard a woman cuss like that. It's shameful and not lady-like at all," Edward reprimands. "Ah, thank you so much," Bella replies, sarcasm dripping from her words. "I've always aspired to be a lady, and now, I'm finally learning how." She quickly snatches the joint off the table and, ignoring the boys' protests, throws it out the window and into the Amsterdam canal. After a year on this job of entertaining and enlightening tourists, Bella's met them all, and today, she's not feeling particularly patient in dealing with the boys-gone-wild tourists in front of her. "Look, beautiful girls shouldn't cuss because it's not attractive. Besides, you'd look even more beautiful if you stop cussing like a street slut and start acting politely." "Oh, goodie. Misogynist pigs. Fucking sexist idiots." Edward becomes furious. "Eeeeh, if you weren't a girl, I would've spoken with you in a different tone and put you in your place." None of the passengers are looking at the city sights any more, transfixed by the quickly escalating verbal war that has both parties so worked up they ignore their surroundings. "You're in the Netherlands now, imbeciles. Stick with the program. Free your fucking mind and all that. We don't like male chauvinists like you because we're in the twenty-first century. Run along home and tell your country to stop living in the 1800s." "If living in the 1800s means we have high morals then so be it. At least, we're not amoral like you Westerners." "How the fuck do you justify spewing your women-hating crap onto a perfect stranger as having high morals?" "How am I hating on women? I love women. They're beautiful and gentle creatures. But a self-respecting woman doesn't cuss like a cheap whore. Have some class!" "MICHAEL!" Bella suddenly yells, not turning her body but obviously addressing the boat's steersman. She narrows her eyes at Edward and stares straight into his eyes as she continues. "Stop the fucking boat. I need to kick some assholes out." Michael, ass-kisser extraordinaire, wouldn't dare disobey Bella, so he steers the boat toward the canal wall which, thankfully for the boys, is only about two feet above the boat. As they come to a full stop in the murky waters, Bella opens the door and calmly points to the street level. "You will climb out now. Here's a twenty to cover your fare. You will go quickly and quietly so I don't have to call the cops. NOW." Edward opens his mouth to protest, but Emmett grabs the money and tugs at his friend's arm. They both get off the boat as Edward curses in Armenian under his breath. ~*tB&tB*~ Bella lets out a long groan as she complains to her friends about her day. "Fuckers almost got me fired! I hate tourists." "There, there," Rose placates, patting her back in the most obviously patronizing way possible. "You didn't get fired, and you did say they were both hot, so maybe you can convince them to shut the fuck up and get some good sex out of it?" "Exactly!" Alice pipes up. "Now let me go get you a beer. Because according to chemistry, alcohol is a solution, and I'd say right now, it's the best one." "Amen to that. Fuck those pretty boys." "Pretty?" Rose asks in her signature low, raspy voice. "You neglected to tell us anything about that, sweets." "Ugh," Bella groans and bangs her head against the bar she's leaning on. "One of them was just your type, Rose. You know, if he'd shut up. Big burly gym buff dude, curls and dimples and all." Rose hums thoughtfully. "Sounds like nice eye candy, but you know he's gonna be a bigot, and that will just blow up in our faces." Bella nods to that. The Netherlands is a liberal place, and most guys would say they're fine with all kinds of LGBTQI people, but apparently, it's still different "when a hot chick used to have a dick," as one of Rose's suitors had once said. There's no way someone like the dimples dude would be okay with even coming close to a transgender woman, even one as gorgeous as Rose is. "Anyway," Rose continues. "What about the other one then?" Bella lifts her head off the bar to face her friend. "His words make me want to sucker punch him, and his face and body make me want to suck him off. It's ridiculous how gorgeous this dude is, Rose. He's the kind of guy they make up words like chiseled and sculpted for. Just thinking about his face makes me soak my panties again." Rose snorts. "Like you're wearing panties now." "Well, no. But you know what I mean. I have literally never seen a hotter guy. And I've never met anyone who makes me so aggressive just by talking to me." "Hmmmm. Angry sex," Rose muses. "Who's having angry sex?" Alice chimes in, returning with three Heinekens. Rose simply points to Bella. "Oh, really! Can I watch?" The tiny little vixen pulls off a look that's simultaneously hopeful and pouty. "I'm not having sex, angry or otherwise, Ali," Bella grumbles. "Oh, no! You poor baby. Wanna join me and Jazz later?" Alice winks at her friend as she nods her head at the bar's stage where her frequent fuck buddy is lazily plucking the strings of