A/N: I do not own the rights to Twilight. I do not wish to make money from this story. This is just a fun "What if." . . Grand allegro - A combination of large jumps that has the dancer travel across the entire studio or stage - or, in this case, a country. . . . Sophie . My leg was cramped from sitting so long on the plane. Even the extra space that flying first class gave wasn't enough for my legs to stretch to their most comfortable position, and so my knee had ached by the end of the first hour, burned by the end of the third and had gone numb by the time the plane had landed. At least , I thought, It will only be Caleb picking me up, and he knows better than to laugh at my limp . It was not pleasant walking down the length of the terminal with my knee forcing my leg to move in unnatural positions. I just want to get my luggage, get his promised ice pack, get in his car and start this grueling four-hour trek to La Push. Who could have foreseen that Caleb would fracture his arm in the beginning of May, right before the start of our Spring Season? Or that I would soon follow him, the mild ache in my left knee turning into patellar tendonitis? Otherwise known as Jumper's knee. I still mentally laughed at that one, thinking of the many leaps the choreographer threw in for me in Sleeping Beauty . The company told me to take the summer months off to heal and take whatever physical therapy I needed. They still wanted me to dance as Cinderella in the Fall, and were willing to work around what I needed to do to get well. When I called Caleb to bemoan the stupidity of having to wear a knee brace and the hassle of trying to find the best physical therapist, not to mention how lonely I was with out him in Boston, he suggested I spend the summer with him. Caleb had traveled back to his roots in La Push, Washington when he was told to do the same – rest and get well. The fracture had been a mistake of the company's behind stage, though they would rather have teeth pulled than admit to it. The best they could do was offer him paid time off, and a promise that he would still dance as a Principal in the fall. His mother and father lived and worked in Seattle, heard of a specialist Doctor residing in Forks, and had Caleb signed up for sessions before he could say whether or not he wanted to come home. However, the four-hour ride one way from Seattle to Forks was absurd, so Caleb ended up living with his grandmother in La Push, and was very excited for me to come spend the rest of the summer healing with him. That doctor had better be worth all the pain my knee is going to be in, by the time we finally reach Caleb's home. I grimaced, as I hobbled forward to grab my first bag from the belt. But where was Caleb? I kept one eye on the conveyer belt and took darting glances around with the other. By the time my second bag came out I was torn between being worried and annoyed. Caleb knew it was today. I thought as I limped over to where there was a larger crowd of receivers. I spoke to him only six hours ago. He cannot have forgotten. There, a little ways away, were two young men who stood at least a head and shoulder above the rest of the crowd. One of them held a sign on it that read Ms. Sophie Weaver and had a little picture of point shoes on the side. Sighing, and hoping this was some prank Caleb was playing, I shuffled towards them. "Are you a Ms. Sophie Weaver?" The one with the sign asked. "Guilty as charged." I admitted. "Oh, good!" The other said. "We were worried you hadn't seen our sign and walked out. We're friends of Caleb. I'm Quil," he shook my hand and I almost jumped at how hot his hand felt. "And I'm Jacob," the one with the sign added, also giving me an abnormally hot handshake. Those names rang a bell. I was sure Caleb had mentioned them before while talking about the friends he made, but I couldn't remember much about them. "Caleb says that there is a message on your phone that explains everything, but he was stuck between having strangers pick you up and having a surprise for you when you get to his house, and the surprise won." "That would be Caleb." I shook my head, not surprised. "What ever he's planning had better be good. Not that I mind being picked up by you!" I hastily added incase they took offence. "I was just looking forward to seeing him." "Understandable." Jacob said smoothly. "If you're all set we could head out and make it to La Push by dinner. Are you hungry?" "A little," I admitted. "I also will need an ice pack – did Caleb send you with one?" "He did, actually." Quil said. "It's in a cooler in Jacob's car along with some of your favorite foods I understand." "Then I will gladly follow you anywhere." I replied fervently. They were really nice about my limp. Quil took control of the bags and my backpack, and Jacob actually gave me his arm after watching me limp became too painful for him to bear. While I held on, I listened to Caleb's voice message about how he promised to make it up to me. The excitement in his voice made me believe that it might be worth it to be in the car with strangers for four hours so that he could get his project done. That was until I saw the car Jacob drove. Although I had nothing against small cars, I had been dreaming of Caleb's granny's van to stretch out in. Jacob saw the look on my face and assured me it was bigger on the inside than it looked. "Unless there is an extra dimension in your car, I rather doubt it." I sighed. "No, I'll take the back," I told Quil who was opening the backdoor to get in. "Are you sure?" He asked confused. "Yes. Because then I can stretch my leg over the seat at least." Quil graciously moved the cooler to the front of the car, and Jacob helped me get settled in the back. "Just don't kill me." I told him as I buckled and then turned my body so the seat belt would cause more damage than help if we were stopped fast. "I promise not to." Jacob responded somberly, and as he started the car Quil handed me an ice pack, which I gratefully took. The car ride was long, but I enjoyed listening to Jacob – or Jake as he told me to call him – and Quil share stories of growing up in La Push. From what I could understand both of them were dating girls from the area, Quil's was about to graduate high school and Jacob was unspecific about his girl's age. They both had jobs in the area, Jacob was a well-known mechanic and Quil worked for a data entry company at his house. They also sounded like they were part time policemen, for La Push and the surrounding areas. Soon I found myself telling them all about how Caleb and I met, which they seemed to know from Caleb's side. We were thrown together in the University of Michigan's orientation program, being the only two dancers who were also going for literary degrees. There we had become unofficial dance partners, as we had similar work ethics. Then we bonded one late night when the crazy family stories came out and to our amazement we both had great-grandparents who came from La Push. While my family had moved away from the area, Caleb's had stayed for another couple generations, but the common ancestral haunting ground was enough for us to declare blood relation. The result was an indulgent tolerance from our classmates, and wonderful awkward moments from professors until they realized our joke. Jake and Quil laughed as I explained the utter lack of family resemblance, and the willingness to dance intimately made the faculty uncertain about our relationship. "It was horrible to do," I sighed. "But so much fun when it lasted. Then I was signed for a ballet company in California, and Caleb went to Boston. A year later, I happened to audition for Boston and I was admitted. Since then, we've been fortunate enough to dance at least once a season with each other. I've progressed faster than Caleb, which confuses me because he is just as good." "According to him, you are the truly amazing dancer." Quil pointed out. "I think it is because he does not put him self out enough. I am bolder than he is, but then I have been working at this longer and if my knee doesn't completely recover, I might be done with dance sooner. Dr. Cullen has worked a miracle for Caleb's arm, or so says Caleb. I'm hoping he'll be able to conjure up another for my knee." "Dr. Cullen's great." Quil reassured. "He's a super doctor – he fixed Jake's ribs years ago when it looked like they wouldn't heal correctly, and since then he's been helping out with both Forks and La Push. Mostly he just takes specialty cases now." "I was lucky to get him." I admitted. "Being a known ballerina has some perks. He and his wife apparently came and saw our production of Carmen . I guess they were interested to see the new adaptation, and were able to fly out to Boston for it." I shoot my head at the extravagance of wealthy Doctors. "Apparently we even spoke briefly after the performance, but for the life of me I cannot remember either of them. Caleb said they recognized him instantly too and asked about me before I called." I sighed. "Tendonitis isn't a life threatening injury, it's just concerning that I have it so intensely so early in my career. But I suppose, even if I were to stop now, I've had a good run of it, and I have no intention of letting this beat me yet." "How long do dancers dance for?" Jake asked. "Do you want to look at Forks or head straight to La Push?" He added. "Honestly, as nice as your car is, I would rather be in a place where I can stretch and not be in pain anymore. I'll see Forks later." I shifted a little; my ice pack had long since become useless. "Dancers – ballet dancers – usually last until their early to late thirties until our bodies give up on us. If you're dancing ballet when you're forty you are remarkably lucky. Personally, I'd like to dance for another four years, maybe five and then settle down and have a family. I'd still dance a little, but I'd love to teach it, and possibly put my B.A. in English Lit to good use. The trick is going to be getting my company to let me go – they don't like to let go of good dancers. They would rather run us like horses until we can't dance anymore. I'd rather have a family before I'm forty, so I can see some potential disagreements between us in the future. Maybe this injury will help me to get out when I want to." "You seem very optimistic," Quil said. "You've caught me on a good day," I laughed. "Ask me again tomorrow and I'll probably wail and rage about my knee taking me away