Disclaimer: Here we go again, sorry Suzanne. . . A/N: Hey everyone! It's Minx here! Well it's been quite a few months since I wrote something for this glorious couple, but I was watching the film yesterday and had a bit of a smutty plot bunny come my way. I also felt somewhat inspired after two lovely young ladies, Grace and Jen (who are both here on FF) who asked if they could review one of my one shots on their Hayffie podcast (which is so much fun by the way, check it out on tumblr- their username is liquor-and-lipstick !) and I ended up looking through some of my past stuff, and really missed writing for this awesome ship. So yeah, a little M rated offering before I (hopefully!) may bash out some more fics- M rated and non-M rated- I REALLY cannot promise anything too regular though because I've got a horrendous set of law exams in January. RE: The Poster: a lot of people have messaged me about this fic over the past few months so I thought I'd just put a general message out. Basically, I've not listed it as complete because I may well add to it- I certainly have a few ideas. It's one of those fics that is more of an episodic hilarious/smutty happenings of Hayffie rather than a full-on-plot story. I'm so glad people love it though- So YOU NEVER KNOWWWW. x Anyway, this story is inspired by the line in the movie where Effie mentions getting some chocolate covered strawberries in. . . Strawberry Perversion He groaned as he woke up, oddly thankful that the sun had yet broken through his curtains, making his hangover slightly less offensive. His hand fisted at the side of his head, squinting with the combination of pain and sleep. Haymitch's sight finally adjusted as the glow of the digits on his wall hit midnight; he'd probably only been passed out for a few hours. If he could remember. Day break was hours away. Haymitch slowly moved to get out of bed, his feet touching the fresh carpet as he clutched his temples again. He needed water, his mouth a sickening blend of fur and acidicity. Haymitch, you're a mess. Her shrill voice ran through his head as he stumbled towards the bathroom, messy hair falling in front of his eyes. He planted his face in the sink, splashing water carelessly onto his face, drinking from his hands. Forcing himself to brush his teeth, he nearly gagged at the trace of alcohol in the mouthwash; he threw his now damp shirt off, shedding his pants and switching into some sleep ones; trust him to pass out in his clothes. He breathed deeply, water wasn't quenching his thirst. The water wasn't wet enough. He needed something else. Coffee. Juice. Something sweet. Something sweet . Jesus. His eyes fluttered close briefly as he breathed out, the memories of his pre-drunken state floating like hazy bubbles to the top of his memory. Red lips. Juice. Melted chocolate. ~0~ He'd needed every single drop of alcohol in that room to make sure his body didn't betray him. Desire lurching from nowhere and residing firmly in his gut as his visions played out in his mind. God help him. Why her? Haymitch had almost winced as he watched her, winced because he was so unimpressed with himself. She was ridiculous, repulsive even. All taloned nails, peacock eyes and stiff wig. But he felt himself twitch, rubbing his fingers over his palms as he heard her hum briefly under her breath; she was eyeing up those strawberries again, her fingers curling in the air as if she was hovering over the papers in that great, glass ball. Chocolate covered strawberries , she'd said. He'd felt nothing for her until that plate had landed on the table. Since then he'd been battling every urge in his body not to jump her, make her moan and scream his name. Her laugh had sparkled in the air at something Cinna had said, but their talk had been blurred and distant, his eyes fixed on her fingers. With his hair dangling in front of his forehead, he'd tried to disguise his growing inner turmoil mapped across his features. Effie's tongue had flicked over her bottom lip, retracting it slowly as her blue eyes remained wide with anticipation as she'd eyed up the little red fruits in front of her. Her slender hands had finally flexed as she plucked a large, plump one from the platter, twirling the stalk lightly between her soft finger tips. He'd watched her lips curve into an almost dark, half smile as she'd brought the strawberry over to the bowl of melted chocolate, rotating her wrist as the fruit drowned in the warm sweetness. She'd left the conversation to Portia, Cinna and Katniss- her sole intent now on the strawberry she carefully drew upwards, a thin line of chocolate drizzling back into the bowl. She'd brought it forward, capturing the stray chocolate drips on the other hand, letting her slick mouth form an "O", her tongue sliding out to meet the tip with a short, slow lick. She'd twirled the fruit around on her tongue, blinking slowly as the smooth, sharp taste hit her tastebuds. Haymitch had visibly shifted in his seat, his fist clenched in front of his mouth as he tried to regain some control, trying to supress a deep groan as his pants began to strain, his legs widening to accomodate the growing heaviness. She'd steadily pushed it in until the stalk, the fullness of her lips stretched over the strawberry as she bit through it. Catching a fat, juicy drip running down her chin with a clean little finger, her tongue had darted out to lick the getaway droplet off. She'd barely chewed as she let the sweet taste melt in her mouth, and Haymitch watched her chest rise with a deep sigh, her throat gently bobbing as she swallowed. Effie had taken each of her fingers in turn to her mouth, taking long and purposeful licks of the sticky residue- long dusky eyelashes brushing her cheeks as her stained lips popped drawing the final digit out of her mouth. He hadn't even look at the Avox who was hovering somewhere behind him as he tapped his glass, Effie's pink tongue trailing over her lips. ~0~ Now, he felt less than well. His stomach was still churning as he shuffled out of his bedroom, blearily clinging onto the wall in the darkness as he moved towards the kitchen. He licked his lips; he'd have more alcohol if needs be. Haymitch's expression screwed when he saw light leaking from the other end of the apartment that led to the kitchen suite. Those bloody kids should be in bed. He scuffled across the room, the marginal light taking his brain time and pain to get used to as he approached the archway. He froze in his tracks as he heard a voice humming from the kitchen. Haymitch lurked in the shadows as he saw Effie patter across the tiled floor, wrapped in nothing but a short, silk dressing gown. What he assumed was her natural hair was twisted and pinned up on the top of her head, a few curls falling down by her ears. He found himself thinking that she'd never looked better. She reached the fridge, pulling it open and bending to reach for something off a lower shelf. Her robe itched further up her long, slender legs as Haymitch's pulse reached his mouth, fixated on the shadow of her juncture. She drew out a shallow bowl, taking it over to the counter where a steaming mug sat. She pushed herself onto a bar stool, the leather squeaking against her skin as she perched. He clenched his fists, white knuckle restraint, his blood blazing through his body as he saw her pick up a damned strawberry from the bowl, and dip it into the mug of melted chocolate. She wasn't holding back in her believed solace, a deep moan ripping from her throat as she tasted the first fruit, her juicy tongue dripping all over her fingers as she licked the juice off. She trailed her slender forefinger along the edge of the mug, trailing the syrupy chocolate past her lips as she closed her eyes, loudly sighing as her eyes flickered close. His pulse has reached the back of his throat, his mouth dry and his mind charged with the horrendous, dirty things he would do to this woman. This insane, infuriating woman who had been unwittingly torturing him all evening. His brain was telling him to flee, but his body- his battered, unwise body- had different ideas; his hangover felt like a blip now. "You're not going to be able to fit into one of those ridiculous corsets you wear if you finish them off." She jumped, yelping and pressing a hand to her chest. She spun round, her eyes flashing with annoyance at his deep, drawled tone. He stepped into the light, brazenly propping himself against the door frame. He folded his arms, his flint eyes unswerving as he took in her form more fully. Effie almost quaked at the way he looked at her, and his mouth quirked in amusement as he saw a startled expression cross her face as she realised his state of undress. Her eyes flicked down then up again, taking in the mussed hair; his scarred chest exposed. She was convinced she could hear her own heart pounding in her chest, and she couldn't believe the hot ache growing near her stomach as his wild, disheveled appearance. "You've been scoffing away at those all evening. Consider yourself caught red handed, Trinket." She narrowed her eyes, not belying her want as she gritted her teeth, "Thank you, Haymitch, so kind as always- how's your hangover?" "Wonderful, thank you." He half imitated her voice, tainted with sarcasm. Despite his voice, she saw his eyes drop again, never had she seen him gazing at her so obviously; distrust and desire coursed through her. She bristled visibly, "What are you doing up?" "I could ask you the same question." She paused, tilting her head as she measured him up from a distance, "I couldn't sleep." She said, almost scornfully- as if it was somehow his fault. Although most things were for her. "Couldn't resist another Capitol delight?" "They're delicious, Haymitch." She looked down into the bowl, her fingers wriggling before she plucked another one out "I don't see why you didn't try one at dinner." She met his eyes again, watching a muscle jump in his jaw and his feet shift as she swirled the strawberry in the chocolate without looking. She brought it to her tender lips, biting it with painstaking slowness as her eyes remained locked to his. She chastised herself for flirting with this man, for even entertaining the idea. . .she set the stalk carefully down. . . She felt his eyes on her and she could feel her body blushing; her hand made its way back to the bowl. "Not really a fan of all your fancy foods here Effie. Far too much going on." His voice deep and gravelly. He pushed himself off the frame, stalking his way towards the counter; she picked up another strawberry. "Such a shame Haymitch." She teased, her voice low as she stared at the fruit in her palm, "Well they do say, simple mind, simple pleasures." He crinkled his eyebrows in mock frustration, rubbing his hands together, "No, I'm not sure it's that. . ." "Oh?" She said, her attention now on the dripping chocolate, "Please do enlighten me." She placed the strawberry into her mouth, sucking as she turned back only to be faced with the rugged victor, one hand on the back of her chair, the other on the counter. He towered over her, Effie still as his stormy eyes