Author's note: Hello, my name is Puppet White, I would like to sincerely thank you for reading this hopefully somewhat good story, and will try my hardest to please you, though I cannot please you all, I will try to learn! This is my first story EVER on fanficton, so I would love to hear your thoughts, comments, maybe flames, and constructive criticism. And I will say this now I want to learn, so feel free to do any of those. :D This story switches POV fairly often, but I will tell you when it does. And warning this story will be long, the first book which is this one will be tenth walker, and a little on the average side, but I assure you there will be plot twists and HUGE risks, oh and cliffies of course *grins evilly* The second however will have romance, emotion (cough tons cough), and tons of other stuff! HA HA HA! Updates…well, I will try to update every week or so…okay maybe every couple of days, what can I say I'm a sucker, just remember to review dearests! Oh and this is AU, so don't be to mad if you see something different. Okay lets get this moving now. Disclaimer: I *sob* I…don't own anything except my OCs and plot okay! *screams behind her* There I said it now leave me alone! o0o "Anthony, are you ready?" I yelled to my slow-poke brother that was upstairs doing an horrible job at getting ready on time. "Yeah, just give me one moment!" Anthony yelled back in a somewhat annoyed tone. What is he annoyed for? I'm the one who has a dance contest to get to, well, okay so I go to a lots of dance contests these days, it's just there is nothing else to do! So it's his own dang fault, he keeps me cooped up in this house we call home all day with nothing but jig-saw puzzles to do, so I get to have my well deserved revenge by not being old enough to drive without someone else that has a driver's license in the car! "Well how many more moments do you need? Because I clearly remember you saying one more moment an hour ago!" I was really getting tired of this. "Okay, I'm ready, lets go." He said hastily, as he ran down the stairs. "Are you sure?" I said sarcastically. "What do you mean?" A puzzled look swept across his face. And I laughed, "never mind." He frowned for a second, then went to the door, and finally rolled his eyes, "You never stop, do you?" "Took ya long enough, and nope, no stop button on this girl." I smirked. Anthony sighed and we went out the door and into the car. Anthony drove his truck through the wet streets of Montana, and passed the forest which I love a lot, I loved the fall, where all the trees are orange and red and yellow, it's truly a beautiful time of the year. And I almost gasped yet again as we turned around a bend, and saw a waterfall so beautiful, the water went down effortlessly and the way the rocks were formed, it was a match made in heaven, I was just getting used to the beauty of it all, even though I had been here since birth and throughout my childhood, I was always in the dance studio or going deep diving in the nearby lake, but I never had the real chance to experience the actually beauty of it all, it sadden me that we were driving by and needed to get a dance contest and leave it all once again. I looked at the clock and noticed we are supposed to be there in an hour! We live way out here in the middle of nowhere and we have to get to somewhere in an hour! "Anthony, why do you have to drive like an old fart in a rain storm?" I asked my brother while he swept the honey blonde hair out of his eyes. He turned slowly to me and held a emotionless expression, "Because I am an old fart driving in a rain storm, Adona." He said in a emotionless voice, I laughed, he thinks he's an old fart compared to me, he is 36 years old and I'm 15. So close to 16, just two more days! "Aww, don't talk like that, your just 21 years older then me, I'm just a young fart. Plus you get to do anything you want!" I did a fake pout, and he grunted. "Anything I want?" He did a ghost smile, " Can I go without paying taxes, or can I release the memories of the past?" My eyes widened and my back straitened suddenly and the mistake of bringing up memories took it's toll, my mind started to go through the painful memories that happened just two years ago. Flashback I looked into the distance and my eyes wandered about the African fields, it amazed me on how just plain desert can be so beautiful, there was a magic about it that made you rethink life, life is so amazing, is the thought that would keep coming into my mind. " Miss Adona, my name is Abayomi, and I was informed that I was to escort you to Tureta." Abayomi said with a half hearted smile. " Well, hello then Abaiymoi." I said with a sarcastic tone. " It's Abayomi." He corrected. " Whatever, I'll just call you Abay." " Mis-" Abayomi was cut off almost right away. " Look, the only reason I'm here, is because my emotionless stuck-up lame excuse for a father, decided that I was at fault for my so called "disrespectfulness" if that is even a word, and sent me to you because he doesn't have the balls to deal with me himself, well he can stick it, do whatever you want to me…I don't care anymore." I burst out, I didn't mean to go that harsh on him, heck I don't think he even understood half of what I said, all he gave me was a confused/saddened look, and after a long and very uncomfortable silence, someone finally came with an older looking jeep that has no doors or windows except the windshield, and it looked very dirty. I just stared at it and hoped I didn't have to go in that, but my hopes were dashed when some strange Texas dudes jumped out and greeted us. " Hey y'all, ya ready ta go?" One guy said with good ol' Texas charm. " Not really." I said with yet again a sarcastic tone, I wasn't really in the mood to deal with these guys, Abayomi was more than enough to deal with, now these dudes? I was still exhausted from the screaming fights I had with my Father, not Dad, Father. Why are you so mad at your Father, you say? Well lets see, I did something called suicide training. Which I trained in dancing so much, my brother Mark had to tell me to stop because my feet were shredded and I had been covered in bruises. I was so driven to impress my Father that I didn't care and I kept training day after day. I sent letters to him telling him how proud I was to have him as a Father and that I couldn't wait to see him, but when I went to the base he was stationed at for my birthday and I told him how hard I worked for him, my four-star general father didn't even look me in the eye. He told me he knew about all the work I'd done, he didn't give me thumbs up or even down, he didn't praise or criticized it, he in fact did nothing, and when I argued about it he would argue back saying I was being disrespectful. He never sent me anything for my birthday, he barely acknowledged my existence, and I didn't take it too well. But after everything I'm beat, emotionally most of all. " Well, you must be Miss Adona." The first guy said looking me up and down. I probably look like a tired mess, from all that traveling straight from my Fathers base. " Mmm hmm," was all he's going to get. " A little on the younger side, aren't cha?" The second guy said. " Well, what did you expect? A 47 year old with an eye patch and four missing teeth, maybe?" I guessed. " Ha ha, no, but someone other then you." I glared at his less then sarcastic tone. " Well, sorry to disappoint, did you want me to find someone else? Because I'd be more then happy to get back home and YOU to get back to wherever you came from in this God-forsaken heat." I said with a smile. " No no, that won't be necessary, Miss Adona, your Father requires you to stay here until you…um…learn your lesson." He said trying to remember. I blinked several times, my mouth was open, and I was hurt, how could he possibly hurt me more then he already did? The man is truly amazing. " What lesson did he want me to learn? He got exactly what was coming to him!" I hissed, and shot a death glare at the snickering first man. Abayomi just shrugged, " I don't know he was to brisk with his information." " Well, then let's get out of here so I can 'learn my lesson'." I picked up my things, and headed to the car. End of flashback. Thank the Lord I forced myself to stop thinking about those painful memories, I looked over to Anthony, who was not as lucky as I, his eyes clouded over with memories and his face held a look that indicated the worst kind of pain, his wife and five year old son died in a fire only a year ago, he still is very crushed at their deaths, as am I, my nephew meant the world to me, and I have adopted his wife as the sister I never had. I am so sorry, Anthony…look at his face. Do something! "Monkeys are special too!" I yelled to get the memories out of his head. He snapped his head to me and his deep brown eyes locked with mine in an intense stare. "Sorry, I just wanted to get your mind off things." I gulped, man that guy really knows how to creep people out! "Yes, I know." And just after the light turned green he turned away, thank God that we're close to the dance competition. When we finally got to the competition, it was already too late, I already exploded from the intenseness in the air, I just didn't let Anthony hear it. And when we stopped I busted through the door and ran to get away from the intenseness, and I screamed to let the intense moment to pass through. And just as I was done (and if your thinking what I think you thinking, then you are thinking wrong), my dance partner, Gray, came through the doors and greeted me with a big hug. "Your just in time! I thought you got sucked up by a tornado! Or worse, eaten by a grizzly bear!" He yelled. Gray is a very good looking 6 foot 1, green eyed, sandy haired, well built guy. "Good, Ana ( I like to call Anthony that, but not near him, of course, I'm not stupid) was driving like an old man, and if I got sucked up by a tornado I would scream at it to throw me over here!" I stated in a dramatic way. "I doubt it will listen because…hmm…let me think…IT'S WEATHER!" He yelled even though I'm right in front of him. I just stuck my tongue out at him, and got ready for our turn,