AN: Read, Review, Critique me to your heart's content, but if you flame me, I WILL find you, and I WILL troll you on whatever social media you use. Don't test me on this. I use "words" as general speaking, " words" as French, and 'words' as thoughts. UPDATE: Hey Folks. I've updated Ch 1 and Ch 2. I am proofreading Ch 3 and should have it up soon. Disclaimer: I am secretly a multi-billionaire writer who gets her jollies trolling people with non-canon stories about her trademarked and officially licensed characters. No, really. Fighting for air, she desperately swam for the surface, clawing her way toward the life-giving necessity she currently lacked. As she neared the surface, her only thought was to the sister she knew she left behind. Gasping, she broke the surface of the lake, and made her way to shore, hoping against all odds that her sister would be returned to her. " Gabby, I'm so sorry… ", she whispered to herself. Walking out of the lake, she was immediately surrounded by her parents, the Hogwarts mediwitch, and her headmistress. There were several others trying to get a look at her, and she only then became aware of the stinging claw marks adorning her legs and arms as the cold lake air touched them. Gathered into a towel by her father, the young French witch was ushered into the tent where the mediwitch began to rub ointment into the still slightly bleeding wounds. Her skin would no longer be as smooth as it once was, as the grindylows were dark creatures, and thus left cursed scars. They would not be very visible, as a werewolf's would be, but Fleur would feel them for the rest of her life. " How long has it been since the task started? " she asked her father. " Nearly forty-five minutes. " There was so little time. Would Gabby be alright? "Now dear, I want you to let me know if these scars start to hurt, alright?" the mediwitch said. "And I'll give you some of this ointment for later, in case they crack. Damn tournament, putting children in such dangerous situations." she trailed off, bustling over to her shelf of lotions. Fleur was less worried about the scars, and more worried about what would happen to that which she'll "sorely miss" when the hour was up, especially since it apparently "won't come back" when the task was over. All of a sudden, she heard the crowd began to shout. Rushing out of the tent, she saw the older Hogwarts boy swimming to shore, alongside the pretty Asian witch who he had gone to the Yule Ball with. As they reached the shore, Fleur hurried forward and tried to find out as much as she could from her fellow champion. "Was there a little blonde girl down there? Is she alright?" The boy nodded, "She was down there alright, but the merpeople were a little scary about anyone approaching her. It might have just been that they knew who our captives were, but I was in too much of a hurry to test any theories. Harry was still down there, though, so if push comes to shove, he'll probably get her back alright." The other Hogwarts champion, the little boy. Who admittedly, had done far better than her in the first task. And given the older boy's seeming respect for this Harry, she hoped that he would manage to save her sister. The crowd began to cheer again, this time largely in the Durmstrang sections, and Fleur caught sight of a large shark making its way to shore, a young witch being pulled along. Hermione was at this point in time, soaked, annoyed, and slightly embarrassed, as Viktor Krum, Quidditch star extraordinaire, was hovering about her, making sure she was alright. She saw the French witch over with two people who looked to be her parents and began to make her way over to her. " Are you alright?" she asked the anxious-looking witch. Looking slightly surprised the girl was talking to her, let alone in her native tongue, Fleur replied , "I have been better, I am worried about my sister. Do you know if she is alright?" Hermione shook her head, "Everything after meeting in Dumbledore's office last night is blank. I do know that we were not supposed to be in any danger, that the merfolk would return us after the hour was up." Fleur felt slightly more at ease, but she continued to glance nervously out onto the water. Suddenly she gasped, as a trident soared out of the water, and two people came up after it, a redhead and a little blonde. She called out for her sister, and the duo began swimming as quickly as possible toward the shore. A spear, thrown from a young merman in pursuit, flew just past the redhead, whistling as it narrowly missed him. As they got closer, Fleur realized the redhead was badly wounded, bleeding from several gashes on his arms and legs, and a nasty puncture wound in his back. Gabby was unhurt, but frantic in her strokes, clawing for the safety of the shore. Several witches and wizards had their wands out, but the merfolk stayed at a distance, making it easier to dodge the spells thrown their way. Dumbledore attempted to cease the hostilities but was largely ignored, until he cast a Sonorous charm and yelled for both sides to stop. A final beam of light shot from a young brown haired wizard, slightly gangly, who looked incensed, and slightly embarrassed that his was the last spell. Dumbledore gave the boy a look , proud but reprimanding, and continued on, "Where is the fourth champion? Bring him forward." The small group of merfolk glared at the headmaster and as one, turned and swam back toward their village, leaving the muttering crowd behind them. Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, Triwizard Contestant, and all-around good guy, was having a very bad day. He had had worse, but today was not going well for him. He had woken up, showered, gotten dressed, and was on time for breakfast, but that was where his good day ended and his bad feelings began. He ate slowly, waiting for Ron and Hermione to come down and join him. He didn't see Ron in the Dormitory, so he had assumed he was already down here and expected Hermione to have come with him. As he ate, his nerves only grew as he saw first Cedric come in looking worried and like he lost someone or thing important to him, and then Fleur sprinted in, glanced over the occupants of the Great Hall, and sprinted back out. That was his first bad feeling. The second bad feeling he got was when Moody approached him as he was making his way out of the castle towards the lake. "Have ya got a plan yet, lad?" the ex-Auror asked gruffly. "Yeah," Harry responded slowly, hesitant around the temperamental old man. "Well let's hear it then! Can't have you going off half-cocked on some hare-brained scheme like a bubble-head charm." In point-of-fact, that was not Harry's plan, but it was close. Harry and Hermione had worked out a plan to charm an old muggle diving mask imperturbable and impervious, then attach a small air tank with an overpowered air-freshening charm in it. Ron had actually been the inspiration for it after a case of mumblemumps began making the rounds of Gryffindor tower after the Yule Ball. Ron used the household air freshening charm to clear out the room once Seamus was found to have it, and Harry was intrigued at the possibilities. Hermione had then come up with the idea to combine the charm with a scuba mask, making use of the charms along the way. The air-freshening charm was a predecessor of the bubble-head charm which was developed by an industrious Half-Blood after seeing muggles diving in the Mediterranean. "I don't see why I should tell you less than half an hour before the task begins. You'll see it in action then." Harry was slightly concerned at how much of an interest Moody was taking in him, especially since teachers weren't allowed to help the champions with the tasks. "Because I've got something that blows that stupid bubble charm out of the water, and I happen to know the Diggory boy is going to be using that charm in the task." "I appreciate your concern, but I'm good. Enjoy watching the task," Harry threw over his shoulder as he walked off. As the champions dove into the frigid water, Harry gasped and wished he had worn a wetsuit or anything more that the swim trunks he had transfigured that morning. Thankfully, the mouthpiece was stuck in his mouth, so he didn't accidentally spit it out. Turning toward the center of the lake, Harry began to dive deeper and move forward, hoping to reach the mervillage with plenty of time to spare. As he dove, Harry began to feel colder and colder, and the pressure in his ears was mounting. Working his jaw, he managed to pop his eardrums back to equal pressure, and continued on, working his jaw every now and again to avoid the sharp pain associated with the depth difference. Coming up to a large kelp grove, he swam upwards a little to avoid going in and among the worst of the tangle. He remembered from last year the lesson on the water devils that lived in such places. Clearing the weeds, he got his first look at the mervillage. It was dark, overgrown with mossy looking weeds, and the houses themselves were squat, ugly looking things. The merfolk were not much different. They had large black eyes and more closely resembled fish than humans. As he approached the center of the village, he heard a beautiful voice singing the riddle, from next to a collection of pillars. Upon closer inspection, he saw that it was a larger version of the golden egg he had retrieved in the first task and that there were people attached to the pillars. Surrounding the town center were the inhabitants of the village, approximately 60 merfolk. Ron, Hermione, Cho and a little blonde girl were all tied to the columns. Moving toward Hermione, as she was closest, the merpeople advanced threateningly, shaking their weapons and making negative noises. He backed off and approached Ron next. They let him approach, and he began to untie him when he sensed a threat behind him. Spinning around, he spotted a half-transfigured Krum coming straight for him. Harry dodged out of the way, and the shark-man bit through the rope holding Hermione and began to circle back around to pick her up. Cedric swam up while Harry was distracted, cut Cho free, and began to make for the surface. Harry cut Ron free, but stuck around to make sure Krum got Hermione alright, and that Fleur got to her hostage safely. Krum swam by, grabbed the drifting Hermione, and swam off, after glancing toward the surface and back at his opponent. Harry got the message and began to scan for Fleur, hoping she showed up soon. After several minutes of waiting, Harry decided to grab the girl and swim away. Thinking that a swimming Ron would be better than a sleeping one, he cast the bubblehead charm on his friend, waking him up. Ron started awake, looked around, and spotting Harry gave him a questioning look. Harry pointed toward the blonde, his wrist, and then looked around. Ron nodded, and swam a few meters away, and waited. Harry turned to look at the merfolk and their sharp weapons, sighed and cast a severing hex at the ropes binding the little girl. The merfolk yelled and began to charge toward the boy, one of them even throwing his net in the hope of slowing down the escaping pair. Ron gave a look to