My Familiar Familiar: noun - (familiar spirit) a demon supposedly attending and obeying a witch, often said to assume the form of an animal. Katniss didn't remember much before that day. She didn't remember where she'd been or how she came to be there, only that she woke cold and hungry amongst the flowering reeds by the waterside. And she would have stayed that way if it hadn't been for him. The fair-skinned, golden-haired boy with a dirty face and bare feet that sat by the fire keeping watch so that the bread didn't burn. It smelt so good, the ache in her stomach made her cry. With a whispered shout for her to hurry, he threw the loaf, and she ran as fast as her legs would carry her, into the woods. The bread was so hot it steamed as she ripped it apart, its crust burning her fingers. A few days later, when her stomach was once again growling with hunger, she came back but the boy wasn't at the fire. He had been replaced by a girl, older than him but dressed in equally dirty rags. "Go on, get out of here," the girl warned, throwing a stone in Katniss' direction. "Please can I have something to eat," Katniss begged. "I'm hungry." "Aren't we all?" the older girl scoffed. "But no matter how hungry I am, it ain't worth taking a beating from the master for a loaf of bread, when I'll still be hungry tomorrow and then her making sure I don't get nothing to eat for a week." Katniss looked to the long house where the older girl's eyes had strayed. It was bigger than the other huts in the village, still made of mud daubed on a wooden frame with a straw roof, but twice the size of the others, commanding an important central spot in the settlement. She found him there, the golden-haired boy, tethered and cowering like a whipped dog. His body showed the signs of the beating the girl had spoken off, with dried blood on his lip beneath his swollen broken nose and dried bloodstains on his rags. As Katniss moved forward to untie him so he could escape, a woman came into view. Katniss ducked down, hidden, behind the woodpile so that her view was disrupted and all she could see were the woman's feet as they jabbed at the boy's middle. "You hungry Peeta?" She heard the boy moan in response. "Answer me, boy?" the woman screeched harshly. "Yes mistress," came his timid answer. "Well, you just think about that next time you're tempted to steal the master's bread. Greedy, fat, useless lump, eating the whole bloody loaf on your own. There'll be nothing for you until Sunday and then only after the pigs have been fed." "I'm sorry, I won't do it again," Peeta snivelled. "To bloody right you won't." She kicked him hard this time. "Or I'll let the master punish you again." "Please, no," his desperate voice pleaded. "Better you than me," she said sourly. "Do you think you're the only one he punished?" Katniss saw the woman's foot pulled back, ready to serve revenge to the soft goal of Peeta's middle. I wish he was free, thought Katniss, I wish he was small enough to wriggle free from his bindings and fly away from here. The boy's body quivered and trembled, and then he was no more. Peeta's mistress screamed stumbling back on her heels and Katniss shot to her feet, forgetting the need to hide, to see a small goldfinch flapping in the terrified woman's face. It circled twice before it took flight. The bird flew towards the woodpile, its blue eyes meeting Katniss' briefly before it sailed over her head and was gone. As much as his disappearance left her disappointed, wishing he had stayed and waited for her, she wanted him to be free more. In the days that followed, Katniss learnt that her wishes brought her beds of dry moss and leaves to lie down in at night, that they caused the trees to fill with fruit to eat and cool fresh springs to flow at her feet. When she swam in the river, the fish leapt right out into her waiting arms, offering themselves for her dinner. Flames sparked and flickered beneath her open palms, setting light to the wood she had gathered, and she went to sleep every night in the fire's warming glow, with a full belly. She didn't have to be cold and she wasn't hungry any more, but she was lonely. She kept an eye out for the goldfinch, wondering what had happened to it, hoping that perhaps it or the boy would return. Sometimes a predatory hawk would circle high overhead and she would hear the owl's eerie screech at night, and she hoped that the little goldfinch's fate had not been as another bird's dinner. Sometimes she ventured into the villages that dotted the valley beside the river, but as the years passed and she grew, so did the distrust and suspicion of the villagers. One day a man spied her summoning the branches of a tree to bend and bow at her feet, forming a bridge for her to cross the river where it ran too deep to wade. The next day the villagers came into the woods, with cries of witchcraft and devilry, hunting for her. But she wasn't the only one they encountered that day. Their paths crossed that of a large bear angry at being disturbed by their clamour, and he chased them away. After that, Katniss shunned the lowlands where the settlements were located and travelled further into the mountains, but its inhabitants were no less threatening. She woke one night to the howl of wolves prowling in the depths of the forest. Lying very still she could hear the snorts and pants of their breath, and caught the glint of eyes in the blackness. Her heart stopped, a scream trapped in her chest, when she heard the snaps and snarls of a fight close by. When it ended, she heard the whine and whimper of the wounded animal limping away and then the forest was quiet again. Winter came and the stream froze over, hard and polished enough in which to see her own reflection. The grey eyes that looked back up at her no longer belonged to a little girl. Her hair hung down to her waist and she would be tall enough to reach the tops of the bramble bushes that bore her favourite fruit in late summer. Had she really been alone so long? She didn't want to be anymore. She wished that there was someone to keep her company, someone who would be her friend. That night the snow came. She found a cave and lit a fire, but the wind blew right into its mouth, making eddies on the dusty floor and causing the flames to splutter. Her teeth chattered and her body shook with cold. Until, from the darkness, there was warmth. A thick fur coat pressed against her side and she let her frigid fingers sink into its deep pile. She felt a dry snout nuzzle at her cheek and she curled into the comfort of the animal's heat. When she woke it wasn't a beast that lay beside her. She recognised him immediately, although he was no longer a boy but now a young man. His eyes were closed, gently snoring, his unruly long hair, that fell over his forehead, reached down to meet his gold lashes. "You," she whispered and he eyes flew open, staring at her with a startled flash of blue. His body quivered and shook and a golden-coated wolf stood, where only seconds before, the man had been. "The hawk," she whispered with stunned understanding. "The bear. The wolf. They were all you." He nodded and then he turned to go. "Please don't go," she begged. "Please stay." He hesitated, his eyes full of regret, but he still turned and trotted away. She waited until he was gone and then she hung her head and cried. All her other wishes had come true - why couldn't this one? He returned that night when she was cold and when she woke in the morning she found him beside her dressed in ragged clothes. "You made me what I am and I am indebted to you. You freed me and because of that I will serve you as my mistress. I will stay with you, but I need to be able to come and go as I please, I cannot give up the freedom you gave to me," he explained. "I wouldn't ask you to. I don't ask to be your mistress." "But you are," he said. "You have all the power. I have seen it. You are my mistress just as clearly as you made me your familiar." So Peeta stayed with her all winter, roaming on his own during the day and returning after sundown to keep her warm. When spring came, followed by the long days of summer, he would walk by her side and leave her at night to run or fly. Even when she was on her own, she wasn't lonely anymore. They came upon a spot where the river formed a lake and the trees sheltered them from the cold north winds. "I like it here," he said one afternoon, as his toes trailed lazily in the water. "I wish we could stay here, like this forever." "If that's what you wish then that's what we'll do," she said, enjoying the warmth that radiated in her chest from his pleased smile. So they built a house, like the ones in Peeta's old village, from wood, clay and thatch. In time, other people moved into the area. They built their timber houses on the far side of the forest, where the river sloped down towards the sea. Sometimes Katniss would venture into the settlement to trade the herbs and mushrooms she had gathered. She would point out which herbs cured which ills and soon people sought her out for her advice. It all changed when the men came that built the tall stone church. One day, Katniss' visit to the market was met with catcalls from the same people who were too cowardly to admit they had once been grateful for her help. They threatened her with shouts and promises to purify her soul with fire, but her snarling guard dog kept them at bay long enough for her to escape. When the mob followed her into the woods, they found the bridge over the river washed away and the waters flowing too fast and deep to cross. "We should leave," Peeta said. "But you like it here; you said you wanted to stay forever." "I meant I wanted to stay like that; happy, safe. It doesn't have to be here." So they travelled further north, where people hadn't yet settled. They built another home, with thick log walls to keep out the cold and where, in the long dark days of winter, Katniss shared the heat from the thick warm coat of a golden bear. One summer, long after the unbroken days of sunshine had melted the winter snows, and when the welcome breeze made the curtains dance at night, she woke with a scream as a mountain cat sprung through the open window. The powerful, sinewed muscles of its shoulders rippled with every step it took, as it stalked swiftly towards her. The ripples turned to shuddering waves coursing through its body until a naked man straightened to stand in its place. "Katniss," Peeta rushed to her. "Are you alright? I heard you screaming." She nodded, but she still welcomed the solid comfort of his arms that encircled her. "It was just a nightmare, but it felt so real. I dreamt I was lost in the woods. I couldn't find