A/N: To my readers, this is only prologue to a story that my friend; princessserena69, is developing. I am posting this with her expressed permission so that we; yes, we, may know what readers may think of this story. Please help her and myself out by commenting once reading, the more I see, and she sees and the more requests for this story to continue, it will be posted. If not, we will not be offended, we are simply curious. She has never posted on here yet has an account and I am trying to build her confidence as she is very talented in writing but believes she is not, all encouragement and criticism are welcoming but anything along the 'hatred' will be accepted but not without a few words in return. Thank you readers and I do hope you enjoy... ~S~ Prologue Fifteen years have passed since the fateful battle on Hogwarts' ancient grounds, much has changed in the dawn of a new age. New professors, new rules, and a statue of the once great Albus Dumbledore stands center within the new courtyard, welcoming all those, new and old. At the base is a memorialized slate with engraved names of all the fallen during the second war, the hollowed grounds forever a reminder of what was and what will be. Professor Minerva McGonagall has taken her well deserved title of headmistress of the famous school, in respects to the last headmaster's wishes. A name was etched into the memorial sight that did not belong, one who was presumed dead. Severus Snape; Potion's Master, ex Death Eater turned anti-hero, had survived the viciously savage attack to his vocal cords courtesy of one blasted giant snake named Nagini. He had immediately gone into hiding, making sure that no one had decided to go looking for him. His return was silent, no welcoming committee or parties, still a preferably better option than what he might have expected. He was dealt mercy from Minerva for the simple fact that her nature was and is to question everything, but coming back had its price. The Ministry of Magic stayed out and away from Minerva's decisions, for fear of retribution from any remaining war survivors. Her conditions for Severus's return were simple, two teaching positions and he would be allowed back within the place he had called home for nearly thirty years. He would also be subjected or forced in his opinion, to take an assistant, a person Severus never imagined seeing again in his life or death. Severus Snape knows how to keep secrets, always has, and the one he has shouldered for the past eleven years, is finally lifted as he puts what faith he has left into Minerva. The two had never been too close but when grit came down to grind, they both had the same values, protect the students at all cost. For eleven years Severus had hid, ran when needed and finally settled in the one place that bore the sins of all those before it. The land still seemed eerily haunting but the house that once stood as the beacon of evil, was now destroyed and replaced by a more sinister mansion. During his time in the silent place, he had found himself constantly rethinking of the past and all the could have gone wrong, been wrong, and many changes he would have made if possible. Nights were a fit of visual nightmares within his reality, whether eyes were closed or open, and many months passed as Severus came well versed in being a creature of the night, more so than he ever was before. It was for this reason that one night during the fall an odd sound reached his hearing; even after all the years, Severus's skills as a spy have yet to fade from the very being of himself. What he had found would still make him nauseous to this very day... Drawing his wand, Severus inches forward, a door is ajar and spilling the softest of orange-ish light into the darkness swallowed hallway. He is already starting to have sweat claim his skin on his forehead as his right hand grips his ebony wand so tightly that his pale knuckles grow ghostly white, if he has learned anything from everything that has happened, it would be to always expect the unexpected. Placing his left hand against the cold wooden door, Severus pushes it slowly, as to alert himself and any others present that they are not alone. He quickly whips into the room, like the shadows that are cast from the full moon's light. Severus raises his wand higher, igniting it with a simple Lumos and goes from side to side of the room. The smell hits Severus like a brick wall and he is forced to stumble back, his stomach turning so violently that he dry heaves. Severus covers his mouth in hopes to keep what little dinner he had eaten down, the stench of copper mixed with the starting of decay is drifting about with a breeze that enters through a partly cracked window. He steps closer, nothing seems out of place but his instincts are telling him he is far from right. A couch is blocking his view of something, something that remotely resembles a body, his stomach turns again. Severus stops for a moment to compose himself into his former self, the Death Eater side of himself that did and does not let little things such as bodies and blood affect him, he has seen far too many already. The sight brought him to his knees, not one for showing emotion, he cannot help the silent almost horrified scream that tries to escape. There before his knees were two; not one but two, young adults, dead beside the fireplace, almost ritualistically. The man, a boy of maybe twenty, is laying with his arms splayed above his head. His left arm just barely in reach of the woman that lays beside him, his face is halfway buried into the dried blood, eyes halfway closed. Severus can see the deep brown that has faded, but not lost. He realizes with a start that this was done recently, no more than twenty-four hours ago, which startles him. He nudges the man and rolls him over, his head turned to the side to avoid vomiting at the stench that gets stirred. He knows this work but refuses initially that his past is doomed to forever haunt him no matter how far he runs, the cuts to the neck and arms is vicious and a slow painful death, he has seen the work in action, it sends shivers down his spine. Severus turns, not wanting to see the woman, he knows she will be far worse than her husband. Severus quickly picks his knees from where he is and finally gets up onto his haunches, he slowly turns in a complete circle, noticing what was not so apparent to him moments before. Blood, dried blood stains almost every inch of the velvety hearth before the fire. Its ends stretching about a foot past the couches end on both sides, while the scene of the bodies was beyond gruesome and sloppy, the amount of blood and where it is contained to, is perfect. He places his hand down once done with the full circle, his fingers lightly claw at the stiff bristles of the rug, he pulls his hand only slightly away and rubs his index and thumb together, feeling the texture. If he is right and he usually is, someone or something had slipped in while he had no idea, and murdered two people in cold blood. He levitates both bodies with wand in one hand and other hand raised, he nearly drops them when a scribbled message is revealed. He gently lays them down and shifts to get closer to the blood sprawled writing done in haste, 'May any of Voldemort's descendants be warned here...His blood equals your deaths' He is immersed deeply into the sprawled writing that to his left, ever so slightly, something barely moves. The sound that had originally brought him to this horrified execution sounds again, he falls off of his haunches and spins in the direction of the noise. As he is spitting hair from his mouth and trying to shovel the rest back behind his ears with his free hand, an unmistakable sound freezes him in the middle of his actions. Hand frozen just by his left eye and hair slipping through his frozen fingers, the sound that has paralyzed him is not one he would or will have ever suspected, the sound happens again. Hiccup. This time he nearly flies out of his own skin when he visibly sees the dead woman's robe move, the cloak shifting slightly and creating a rather oddly shaped ball. The noise happens once more and he cannot deny his curious nature; honestly still wonders how he was sometimes sorted into Slytherin at all, after being around the Golden Trio, namely the Princess of Gryffindor, he knows her habits bled into his system. They were too much alike and it had taken him seven years to realize this, and for her, he owed his life. Though he will never, ever, ever admit this, even in death, this secret will die with him. His attention is ripped from the past by a loud piercing scream and then more hiccups, then grunting, cooing noises and finally to crack his skull open, another piercing scream. A shiver of either discomfort or skepticism runs up and down his spine, he should not know what the sound belongs to but he does. He takes the tip of his wand and gingerly lifts the end of the robes near the ball, his breath catching and his hand suddenly clutches his chest. There in a blood bath mess is the smallest infant he has ever seen, just staring at him with bright pinkish-white eyes, a pitiful attempt of a smile trying to form on the infant's rosy lips. His instincts tell him to cut tail and run, to pretend he never saw the ball of living flesh wiggling beneath the fabrics weight, but something has him transfixed. He looks back at the woman then the man and notices something on the left hand of the man, a ring that should not exist except for in the catacombs beneath the mansion. A silver band with carved serpents and a finely cut emerald embedded into the center of the top of the ring, he knows the ring as he slips it from the man's cold hand, Salazar Slytherin's ring, a Riddle family heirloom. He returns to the infant as another pain-staking cry sounds throughout the room, he pockets the ring and reaches for the infant with shaky hands, unsure of even his own movements. In sense, it was much easier to look at the baby once tucked safely within his arms and covered by his voluminous robes that had nothing better to do than fly out around him like a bat getting ready to take flight. His keen eyes do not miss that the baby is indeed a female and he begins to gently wipe at the mess of orangish-red on the top of her head, there is too much blood crusted within her strands to do anything properly with it, he resolves almost instantly that he will rectify this as immediate as he can. The air is cold as the full moon still hangs over head, night is refusing to leave without a fight and he knows it cannot be that late into night if the moon shown nearly as brightly as the sun. He has her bundled within the robes, hiding her from plain sight, as he enters a nearby village. The mansion is no longer a welcoming place and he does not wish to be there when whoever stumbles across the mess, he brings her closer to his