A/N: This story starts right after the battle of Hogwarts and I will be ignoring everything that happened after the battle. There is some mild name-calling and talk about sex, hence the M rating (I'm rather cautious in chosing the rating of my stories). So consider yourself warned. Also: I'don't own anything from Harry Potter exept the books I've read until they fell apart. Enjoy! Pregnancy Hermione is confused when she wakes up groggy the day after the battle. She's naked and tangled with another body. After a few moments she remembers what happened after the battle and who it she she is tangled with. She immediately knows she has made a mistake by sleeping with Ron. But how is she going to tell him she does not like him like that? How is she going to make him understand that sleeping with him happened in a moment of bad judgment and euphoria after their win? Before Hermione can think of a way to tell Ron all that, there is movement next to her when Ron wakes up. He sits up and looks at Hermione. "I'm not sure how to tell you this without hurting your feelings so I'm just going to rip off the band-aid." Ron starts before taking a deep breath and continuing. "I should not have slept with you. I don't regret sleeping with you because I had a really enjoyable night, however I do regret not being upfront with you. I didn't mean to give you the impression that there could be something between us. I mean we might be good together but now is just not the time for us to be together you know. We're still young and there is still so much to discover. Maybe in a few years when I'm ready to settle down we can try a relationship, but until then I just want to enjoy the freedom and my new fame. We could still be friends tough." During Ron's speech Hermione goes from relieved to hurt and then disbelief until she settles on angry. "So not only did you consciously hide the fact that this was a one night stand for you, you also have the gall to ask me to wait for you? Well Ronald I won't wait nor will we be friends for the foreseeable future. You used me and then you wake up and tell me you used me. How do you think that makes me feel Ronald?" Hermione's voice has slowly raised until she is screaming. Ron opens his mouth to answer but Hermione continues before he can form words. "Like a whore Ronald, a cheap whore." Hermione yells before deflating and continue muttering. "And to think I worried about not hurting you when telling you this can not continue." Ron looks at her in shock. "You're angry at me for not wanting to continue this while you don't want it to continue either?" "I'm not angry at you for that I'm angry at you for not being honest with me. Plus the fact that you basically tell me I was a cheap fuck, only to continue with asking me to wait for you." Hermione explains as calm as possible. Ron looks confused. "I don't understand the problem. We both want the same, so why are we fighting?" Hermione turns and stands up to gather her clothes. "Clearly you don't understand. Enjoy your life Ronald. Don't owl me." After walking out of Ron Hermione went in search of Harry, telling him she will leave for Australia to find her parents as soon as possible. After informing Harry of her plans she arranges transportation to Australia in hopes of finding her parents soon. Luckily her parents have settled in the village she planted in their heads as their destination. It takes Hermione a few days to make a plan on how to approach them Eventually she settles on ringing the doorbell and asking to use their phone. Her plan works and when they turn their backs on her she gives them back their memories. Although they are angry with her they decide to at least give her the opportunity to explain her actions. Hermione takes the chance and tells them everything. Not only every detail of what happened in the past year but also everything during the rest of her time at Hogwarts that she either hasn't told them or has made smaller than it was. It is early the next morning when Hermione is finally finished with her story. Her parents ask her to stay what little is left of the night in order for them to continue their conversation the next day. It takes some time but in the end Hermione's parents understand her actions and forgive her, although they make her promise to never use magic on them again without their prior approval. This is something Hermione gladly promises them. Hermione spends a few more weeks with her parents, helping them get their affairs in order before moving back to the UK. And thus Hermione finds herself one morning in her childhood bedroom a month after the battle, feeling rather nauseous. Thinking it is probably from the pictures of Ron in The Daily Profit, which show him holding hands or snogging with a different witch on each picture, she doesn't pay it much attention. Ron is obviously enjoying himself, something she needs to start doing as well. Hermione keeps having bouts of nausea. Finally after a month of feeling sick she decides to see a muggle doctor. After listening to her complaints he sends her to the toilet with a pregnancy test. "I want to rule out the simple things before moving on to more invasive and expensive tests." He says. Hermione pees on the stick and goes back to the exam room to wait the required two minutes. However she does not need to wait because just as she walks into the room the two stripes appear. She looks at the test in shock for a few moments before looking to the doctor and tell him in a businesslike tone. "It seems more invasive and expensive tests are not necessary. Thank you for your time." Hermione leaves the clinic and apparates to the Burrow from the closest apparation point. The night after the battle with Ron was when Hermione lost her virginity, and since she hasn't had sex since it makes Ron the only possible father of her child. Hermione walks up to the Burrow and knock on the kitchen door before entering finding Mrs Weasley behind the stove cooking lunch. "Hello Mrs Weasley, how are you?" "Under the circumstances I'm doing okay dear." She tells Hermione referring to her son's death at the battle of Hogwarts. "I'm glad to hear that. Is Ron home?" "I believe he is still asleep, but feel free to go up. You know the way." Hermione walks to Ron's room and knocks hard on his door. After a few moments there is a mumbled reply and she walks in finding Ron sitting up in bed clearly just waking up. "Hermione? What brings you here?" He asks confused. "We need to talk." Hermione says and conjures up a chair to sit on. Ron recognizes Hermione's seriousness and wakes up fully instantly. "What is it?" He asks curiously yet concerned. Hermione shifts on her seat uncomfortably searching for words to tell Ron the news, but when she can't find them she decides to just blurt it out. "I'm pregnant with your child." "What?" Ron screeches "I'm pregnant. And the baby is yours." Hermione repeats reluctantly, already knowing this will not go well by Ron's first reaction. "That's nonsense, we only slept together once. The baby can't be mine." Ron exclaims his voice still raised. Hermione snaps at Ron's faulty logic. "Just because we only slept together once doesn't mean I can't have gotten pregnant. And since I've only ever had sex with you the baby most certainly is yours. In het anger Hermione forgets that there are more people at the Burrow and slowly her voice raises until she is screaming at Ron. Ron however does not see Hermione's logic and screams back at her. "Just because you felt the need to sleep around with Merlin knows who and now you're knocked up by some guy whose name you can't remember does not mean you have to drag me into the mess you made. The baby is not mine." While screaming at Hermione Ron has gotten up and put on some clothes. When he is finished he storms out of the room leaving Hermione behind sobbing, hurt deeply by what he said. A few moments after Ron has left the room Hermione feels someone pulling her into a hug. It takes her a few moments to recognize the familiar form around her, but when she recognizes Molly she tenses not knowing how she will react. "Don't be afraid Hermione. I know I don't have the best track record in treating you as you deserve with listening to Rita Skeeter and all but I've learned from my mistakes. I know you are a kind, loving and trustworthy woman who does not lie about things as important as this. A woman who, unlike my youngest son, does not have a different lover every day. So if you say this child is Ron's than I believe you." Hearing these words from Molly make Hermione sobs even harder, relieved to hear these words she unknowingly had longed to hear for a long time. "Thank you, you have no idea how much I needed to hear that. Especially under the current circumstances." Hermione tells Molly when she has calmed down a bit. "It's something I should have told you a long time ago. I hope you'll find it in you to forgive me. As for your pregnancy, I want you to know that I will support you whatever you decide. I don't know of it is different in the muggle world, but in the wizarding world when you get pregnant out of wedlock you have different options all with it's own pro and cons. If you like I can talk you through them, maybe together with you parents? I'm sure they could tell you your options in the muggle world for as far as you don't already know them." Hermione looks at Molly, her eyes tearing up again. "I would like that. I haven't told my parents yet. Maybe you could come along when I tell them?" "Of course. Now, how about you clean yourself up a bit while I make us a cup of tea. When we're finished maybe we can see your parents and tell them?" "That sounds like a plan" There is a light knock on the doorframe and Molly and Hermione turn towards the door to find Ginny standing there looking guilty. "I know I should not have listened in on your conversation since it was obviously none of my business, but I did it anyway, so I know." Molly opens her mouth to scold her daughter bit Ginny holds up her hand to silence her. "I know I was wrong and I'll accept any punishment you decide on, However I want Hermione to know that I'll be there for her in any shape way or form she needs me." Ginny tells her mum. Hermione looks pleased yet a little apprehensive at Ginny. "I appreciate the sentiment however I don't want Harry to know yet and since I don't want you to have to hide things from him I can't accept your offer." Ginny smiles knowingly. "I understand, however since I have decided not to restart my relationship with Harry I don't really have to hide anything from him." Ginny explains to Hermione's shock. "You didn't get back together? How did I miss this?" "You had other things to deal with Hermione, like bringing back your parents. However my relationship with Harry or the lack thereof is a subject for