James & Lilli - Black Heart Author: Prinaly (I used to call myself Black Princess. Changed it after time, but I think I've started writing Black Heart under that name a long time ago). Language : English content: Black Heart deals with James' and Lilli's seventh year at Hogwarts, like most of the Lily & James stories in the ffworld, I guess. The only difference might be that in my story: James suffers a lot, but that's necessary, to show his strength, his character, his loyalty and the tight bond of his friends with him. And he and Voldemort do meet several times. I don't know why, but I love the Voldemort wants James on his side parts XD. Oh, yes, and something else. I do write with a certain humour, that might not be for everyone. I love to laugh and I write every story of mine with that humour. I was happy to see, that a lot of my German readers liked that too, but that doesn't mean that others like them as well. I remember one day particularly, when I was with some friends, and again laughed so hard and... yeah... find myself laughing alone =/ (Not, that it stopped me from laughing furthermore XD ) And I didn't like to write to much about things people wear or how a room or whatever look like. I'll write a bit, but not much. I focus more on describing the feelings and what they are saying or thinking. This might be, because I didn't like to read to much describing myself, but rather read about feelings, thoughts and the actions. Something you should know: Black Heart (BH) was written as part one of a Trilogy. The second part is Chains of Xerchia (CoX) , dealing with James' and Lilli's time after Hogwarts till their death. The third part is supposed to be Harry Potter and the last Black Heart, a Harry Potter fan fiction. I'm still writing Chains of Xerchia and it could be, that the HP story will never be released, but it won't have an effect on Black Heart and Chains of Xerchia, because every story has an end without needing to read the next story. The reason, why the HP Story might not be written is because of the following: I started writing stories for Harry Potter almost 9 years ago. At the very beginning my first story called Between the frontier (Btf) only took 6 month to be written down. I loved every chapter of that story and 150 Chapter was really much for me, since I never thought of writing such a long story. Black Heart was started before I finished Btf, has only 75 chapters and needed, I suppose, more than a year to be written, if not even longer. Chains of Xerchia was started 2008 and yeah... what should I say? We now have 2013 and it only has 17 Chapters and is just dive into the middle part. You understand, why I now have doubts, that I will write the HP story? Even so I do have a lot of ideas. Well I still plan to write it though. So, why now translate Black Heart instead of just keep on writing Chains of Xerchia? I'm a student of an university in Germany and surprisingly some of my courses are now in English. (I don't study language Öö which is why the courses are in English surprised me this semester) I'm afraid I need to practise it before it get rusty. And isn't it perfect to translate Black Heart into English and therefore re-read my first story again for Chains of Xerchia? XD Because CoX is a sequel to Black Heart and a lot of things in Black Heart, that happened, will still be continued in CoX. Well, enough said, you might already be bored, if you didn't already stop reading... Disclaimer: All rights of the people belong to JK Rowling! Persons: James Potter: I've noticed, that my James seems to differ from the usual James Potter, most of you read in fan fictions. At least, that's what some of my German readers have told me so far. In my fan fiction, he is a very caring character. He would do anything for his friends and trust them indefinitely. His life was not easy, is not easy and is never going to be easy. Because he cares so much about his friends, he didn't tell them anything bad, that's going on in his life and hardly shares painful feelings with them. Besides of that, he is the very heart of the group. Well, he has to be, because he's my favourite character besides Harry in the Books. So, I maybe have exaggerated in his personality making him better than Rowling really thought of him... But in my mind, someone, who took someone like Peter Pettigrew as a friend, helping and trust a werewolf like Remus Lupin was to such an extend (Rowling said in an interview, that James kept on supporting Remus with his money after he couldn't find a job after Hogwarts) and still love and married a muggleborn witch like Lilli Evans, even so he was a pureblood for generations, can't be that much arrogant. In my mind, I still have that image of this James Potter, I have wrote in my story. Lilli Evans: Yeah, one of my mistakes is, that I do write Lilli instead of Lily . I started writing fan fictions almost 9 years ago and I somehow always wrote Lilli and after some time I got used to it. Can't really change that, since I wrote it already too many times. I hope, you don't bite my head off because of this. ^^ In Black Heart, Lilli is not yet popular. She was that already in another of my fan fictions and I wanted to do something new in Black Heart. Because of being a muggelborn witch and a very good and smart student (a lot like Hermione), she has an enemy. Melissa Kingcade, who is James girlfriend in their seventh year at Hogwarts. Melissa Kingcade knows about James hitting on Lilli for a very long time, but was always shot down by her. That's why her jealousy towards her constituted into making Lilli's life worse in school. But don't worry ^^ It's just at the start and Lilli's life will change very hard (in a good way) in this year after she managed to be friends with James, Sirius and Anna (follows). Even so, she's been bullied by Melissa, Lilli do fight back (She was Prefect and will be Head Girl) and is not completely alone. She has a good friend in Rawenclaw Diana Ayenterro (follows too) and still have a good friendship with Remus Lupin (even so, they used to be a couple) and is also befriend with Frank Longbottem and Alice Stattler (of course the later Alice Longbottem), who both are (in my fan fictions) also students at Hogwarts at the same time with the Marauders. Sirius Black: I don't think my Sirius differs from other stories. At least, nobody ever told me that... So there is not much to say. Just that, besides Lilli and James, I also write a lot about Sirius, since I do love him a lot, too. Black Heart is a James and Lilli centred story, but Sirius and Anna became very popular through my other fan fiction that I somehow grow to love this paring as well ^^ . To his relationship with Anna, you might should know, that they have more a: tease the other into craziness – thing going on, which I adapted from my other story. Was just to funny to don't keep that here. Remus Lupin, Albus Dumbledore, Voldemort: All three should be like in the books, I suppose. At least, I tried that. Of course, without the British accent. I grew up in Germany ^^ Oh no! Wait! You might need to know, that I've started the story before Book 6 was released. So, I remember an interview, Rowling said that she always thought of Dumbledore as being gay. Well he was not in my fan fiction, because Anna is his great-granddaughter. ^^ Alice Stattler and Frank Longbottem: They are pretty much everybody's Sweethearts. Both very popular, both very nice and already a couple in this fan fiction. Alice is in Gryffindor, Frank in Hufflepuff and they are both in good terms with the Marauder, Anna and Lilli. Severus Snape: I have to admit that I'm just not a Snape-Fan, so I didn't really like to write about him and therefore he won't really be written a lot in this ff. If you are a Snape-Fan, this story definitely is nothing for you, because he also didn't really have fun in this story. I didn't go along with the revealing in book 7 about the Snape-Lilli relationship. In my book 7 version: I tried another reason for Snape to join the order and gained Dumbledore's trust. So, now the new ones in this fan fiction but not in the books: Anna White: She has dark hair and also dark eyes. She is the daughter of two well-known deatheaters, but also the great-granddaughter of Albus Dumbledore, the most white-magical wizard at all and was sorted into Gryffindor house as well. This fan fiction will also cover a little bit of their relationship towards each other. Anna is also, besides Sirius, Remus and Peter, James best friend. The Potters love her like a daughter and cares about her like a daughter like James cares about her like a sister. James and Anna share a secret, because of James past and Anna's gifts, which the others didn't know about. She is a very talented witch, not only in normal magic, but also in the dark Arts. She was Sirius girlfriend for about 2 month last summer but broke up when school started again. Their relationship will also be covered to some point. Anna is in good terms with all of the Marauders and she knows of Remus being a werewolf and the other three being animagi as well. She won't be Lilli's friend at the very beginning, but their friendship will develop through out the story, becoming very important as well. I have to admit, that it was not planned when I started writing Black Heart, but after I read book 6, her character development changed, which you are probably going to notice at the end of the story or then in Chains of Xerchia . Diana Ayenterro: She is a really very shy student of the Rawenclaw house. The Marauders hardly notice her and only did after they befriend with Lilli. Remus is the one, who falls in love with her, but their relationship is rocky, because Diana is not only a shy student. She is more. (revealed near the end.) Diana was invented as a companion for Remus, because he didn't had a good romantic relationship in my other story and I thought he deserved one in this. Unfortunately, Rowling revealed Tonks in Book 6 =/ So, I had to made some changes. Yeah, that was the mistake, writing a story, when the books could still revealed something knew. I'm still unsure how to deal with her in Chains of Xerchia appropriately. The Potter family: Harold Potter: James Grandfather. He is the Minister of Magic. He loves his Grandson. He is very hard with everybody else, no matter how old, but treats his son with great love. Because of that, he also treats James friends with the same softness. He is also a very tight and good friend of Dumbledore. Michael Potter: James father and one of the best Auror of the Ministry of Magic. They used to have a very tight and good relationship, but at the beginning of this fan fiction, they apparently haven't any more, because of something that happened 5 years ago. James acts very indifferent towards