Unleashed Summary: There is something hidden in Potters head, a black mass of blocked or repressed memories that Severus is determined to see. After all a little extra punishment would be good for the brat, would it not? Rating: M Warnings: High levels of violence, somewhat graphic torture scenes, character deaths. Authors Note: This is my first ever time writing a story okay? So be nice please! Severus smirked minutely at the twisted form of Harry Potter. The brat who lived was contorted in pain upon the floor of his classroom and still glaring daggers up at him from his place on the floor, an unfortunate side effect of his constant barrage of Legillimens attacks. Oh he knew that it was wrong, that what he was doing was basically mind rape, that in reality he'd made no real effort to teach the pampered brat how to properly Occlude his mind. Although from what he'd seen of the snivelling brats memories, he wasn't quite as pampered as he thought but Severus still saw it as justified as punishment just for being the spawn of Potter. In fact he'd quite enjoyed watching the fat man put a belt to the hide of a six year old Potter, although the brat had managed to pull away from that memory so he'd been denied a proper look. Severus sneered down at the panting brat on his floor, and raised his wand once more. Ready and more than eager to dive in again, having spotted a rather large set of patched up holes in Potters memories. The gaps were rather akin to suppressed memories, some from his younger years but growing more and more frequent as the boy aged. He assumed that the worst happened after the age of six since he'd yet to see anything between that age and the start of Hogwarts, although from the looks of those beatings perhaps the fat man hadn't been so generous as to only use a belt. Severus fought back a grin, oh this would be delicious. "Get up Potter!" He snapped, twitching impatiently as the boy slowly pulled himself to his feet. Potter managed to stand on trembling legs, sweat pouring down his brow and dripping past his ridiculous glasses. Trembling hands wiped the sweat away and Potter glared fiercely at him, hate and anger burning in Lilly's lovely eyes. "Please Sir, can we not just stop for the night?" Severus scoffed, "Of course not you fool. Do you think the Dark Lord will stop when you are tired? Do you think he will give you a reprieve just because you ask nicely? No, he will not. So we will start again." Potter scowled and gripped his wand tight in his fist, swaying ever so slightly with fatigue. Severus kept his expression moderately blank despite his urge to grin viciously, it was so very rare that he was allowed to give into his baser urges of violence and pain. He had joined the Dark Lord for a reason after all, only really spying so that he would be the victor no matter who won the war. A true Slytherin was loyal only to himself after all. Those on the side of the light were fools to think that he cared a whit for them or the outcome of the war, it was his own hide he worked religiously to save not theirs. The fact that the old fool had foolishly decided to trust him was a truly wonderful thing, he now held to the trust of the leaders of both sides, a side effect of which was the 'teaching' of Potter which came as merely a bonus in his opinion. Any chance to cause the son of his childhood nemesis pain was to be treasured in his eyes. So it was great glee that he whipped his wand up and said the incantation to the spell, far too fast for the useless brat to respond or even prepare himself. " Legillimens!" The brats dismayed cry was distant as his focus of the physical dissolved around him and he slipped into the wide open mind in front of him, he slid through the cloud of memories around him like an eel through water. Potters anger, panic and dismay barely registering as he made a beeline for the cluster of darkened and forgotten about memories. He could feel the feeble attempts to push him out, and merely pushed much harder in response, eliciting a pained mental cry in reward for his efforts. His mental probe touched the blacked out memories and everything stopped, Potter did the nonphysical equivalent of freezing like a deer in headlights. Something that Severus ignored, and he began to push at the barrier around the memories. He poked and prodded at the flimsy thing, first in sharp needle like jabs to test the boundaries, then in harsh mental shoves. Severus strained and pushed and pulled, picked and poked until he found a thin weakness within the barrier. All the while Potter stood by mentally frozen in what he assumed was shock, as Severus prepared to unveil the boys worst memories. He withdrew slightly in triumph as the weak spot gave slightly, gathered his strength and pushed. There was a moment of strain, the feeling akin to pushing against a brick wall with his face. Then all of a sudden in gave way, and Severus tumbled head first into the first hidden memory. Little Harry was three, all alone and outside in the cold his back smarting from the touch of his uncles belt. The first snow had just started, causing large white flakes to fall from the sky and coat the ground in icy wetness. He stood staring sadly through the window of the Dursleys home, watching in growing anger as Dudley laughed and pointed at him having just locked him outside to freeze. His threadbare clothes did nothing to protect him from the growing chill, and he shivered violently as the cold breeze cut right through him. He twitched slightly as the curtains were snapped shut, blocking off his view of the inside of the house. Harry stared at the flower patterned things for a moment before turning away, he wandered further out into the yard as a harsh glare twisted its way onto his tiny face. It was a strange expression to see on the face of a child so young, but Harry pulled it off with the sort of ease that only came from practise. Tiny hands balled into fist as he walked into the elements, green eyes glittering with unshed tears as feelings of anger, despair and helplessness flooded his tiny form. He looked around for somewhere warm he could sit, and after a moment's thought made a beeline for the bushes at the back of the yard. Hoping that he might find some shelter there under the small amount of foliage, Harry dropped to his knees and crawled in slowly. Careful to not tear his already holey clothes, they were the only pair he owned really. Once settled the boy looked around and froze as he caught sight of what was next to him. There on the ground, taking cover much like he was, was a small family of rabbits that had also been caught out in the cold. The mother was staring at him, eyes wide and ears twitching, body hunched protectively around her young even as they shivered and twitched from cold below her. It was clear that the small animals had been outside, away from their burrow and had been caught out by the sudden turn in the weather. Thus the creatures had been forced to find what meagre shelter they could like he had. Harry locked gazes with the rabbit for a long moment, staring deep into large brown eyes. The silence was broken as she stepped forwards, squeaking and chattering angrily at him for disturbing her spot and Harry frowned. He stared slowly between her and her young, greens eyes watching with envy as this mother did everything she could to keep her little ones warm while also trying to make him leave. Harry made no move and merely stared, eyes wide and unblinking until the rabbit took one more step forwards and bit him. With a yelp he jerked backwards, cradling his hand close to his face as blood ran freely from the fresh bite mark that was left behind by sharp teeth. She chattered again and took another step forwards, and in a flash the shock and hurt on Harrys face turned to rage and he glared fiercely at her. There was a bright flash, a sharp burst of accidental magic and within an instant the mother rabbit and all her young were immobilised and terrified. Only their eyes and terrified squeaking gave signs that they were still alive. Little Harry stared in shock before a dark looked crossed his face and he pushed the large frozen rabbit over onto its side, before reaching past to one of the smaller ones behind it. Frantic squeaking started from all rabbits present and he watched curiously, stroking the soft fur under his fingers idly. Large green eyes watched the helpless animals much like a curious cat would, dark messy hair shifting around the pale face as he tilted his head to one side. Harry watched as they squeaked louder when he moved the baby rabbit around, the first traces of glee appearing on childish features as he realised the power he now held over these animals. Tiny hands wrapped around a soft and vulnerable throat, feeling how the little heart under his hands began to race in primal fear. He simply held the rabbit for a moment, allowing himself to feel the life rush under his palms, before small fingers tightened and he broke the fragile neck with a harsh jerk. Harry giggled at the surprisingly human scream that came from the frozen mother rabbit, green eyes lighting up with glee as he watched her scream and scream over the death of one of her young. A huge grin stole across his face for the first time, showing off white teeth as he reach for another. Taking his time exaggerated movements, he plucked another rabbit from the ground almost gently. Cradling the small thing in hands for a moment, before repeating the process of wrapping his hand around it throat and breaking its neck. He did this again, and again, and again until all ten of the young rabbits were dead on the ground around him. Each one naught but a limp corpse with its head twisted at a sick angle, all the while giggling and laughing to himself. The mother of the rabbits screams had long since died out and it merely watched with glassy eyes as Harry snapped a small branch off of a nearby bush, held the item over the animals chest, and plunged it home. Pinning it to the ground in one swift move, much like one would pin a bug to a card. He watched her twitch and writhe on the ground, the magic holding her clearly having just worm off, until with one last great shudder the mother rabbit died. Darkness fell soon after as little Harry buried the eleven rabbits in a crude hole in the ground, digging the soft earth with the stick he'd used to kill the rabbit. Before he curled up on top of the tiny mass grave and fell asleep, a small sick smile hovering at the edges of his mouth. Severus barely had a moment to get over his shock before he was pulled into the next memory, barely registering that Potter was no longer fighting him but watching the memories with detached curiosity as well. Harry was still three, outside once more only during the day. His loose threadbare shirt hung off of far too thin shoulders, showing dark bruises, cuts and welts that marred otherwise pale skin. The snow from