Leah- "Ome on Leah, come to the beach. It will be fun." Emily took my hand, I hated it the stupid, werewolf gene. I went though. They all sat on the sand, talking. "I'm going on." I turned to Emily, walking. I hit something soft. "Can you watch where the fuck you walk Dammit!" A gril stood up, i looked her over, Curves like fucking crazy. And fo some reason it was sexy. I looked in her eyes, soft brown and i was lost. Nothing mattered, not tat sam was with Emily, not my father, mother, brother. My pack, My tribe, nothing. "I'm sorry." "Forget it. I'm sorry bad day." She stuck out her hand. "I'm Isabella Swan," I shook it not looking away from here eyes they were beautiful. "Do you have a name," "Leah Clearwater," "Well Leah Clearwater, I'm very sorry to run into you. It was nice to meet you." She started to walk away. "Wait, don't leave..." "Why?" She looked like I was crazy. "Maybe we can be friends." "I wil see you around Leah Clearwater." She promiesed, she started running, she was so fuxking sexy, she had on spandex shorts, that showed off all her fucking curves. Her ass bounced, perfectly. I starred after her, I was not even gay! "Leah, stop drooling." Paul boke me out of it. "Did...you...girl...fuck." Sam stutterede gene on in your was it was for passing the gene on in your case that couldn't be true. "She is beautiful don't you think?" I could still see her distinly, "We need a councel meeting." "Wait mom and dad will be so confused. She is a girl! A fucking woman." still watched her figure. "They will accpect it." "Admit it is fuck hot. We get to see Leah's lesbian pornos." Paul laughed. Sam called all the elders, Old Quil, mom dad, Billy. Paul, Embry, Jarred, Kim, Emily and Sam were all there. "What is wrong?" Billy had a beer in hand. "Leah imprinted." "That is perfect! Leah I'm so happy." Mom gussed. "She is a girl, Leah imprinted on Isabella Swan." That made all the face's drop, Paul was smirking "Are you sure?" Billy chocked "Positive, it is her. I have felt how Sam feels about Emily and Jarred with Kim. I know." I promiesed. "Well, there is nothing to be said, Imprint is imprint." Billy clairfied. "So when are you seeing her again?" Mom smiled prodly. "I don't have a fucking clue, I met her on the beach I ran inot her and she cussed me. She said I will see you later Leah Clearwater." "Isabella Swan is Charlie's daughter, that is no problem you seeing her. She is a dancer, a personal trainer. Charlie says it is crazy. She wants inot so fancy school, in Paris or something." "Not anymore, she wants Leah." Paul laughed, and wagged his eyebrows. "Come over to my house diner all of you. I will invite Charlie, and Isabella." billy wheeled himself to the phone. "Hello?" I knew that voice, it was what held me. She sounded tired. "Isabella, is your father there?" "Nope, At work I think." "Baby come on you are taking for fucking ever!" A man yelled, I saw red, she was with someone. "Shut the fuck up, get me my outfit," She sounded muffled like she tried to cover her yelling. "Sorry What cn I do for you?" "It is Billy Black, I was inviting you and your father to dinner, a game is on." "Oh Billy sure I will tell him." "Isabella get your fat ass in this now! You are keeping me waiting! Get naked, put this on, not a big deal! Is it so hard?" The man yelled again. "I am on my way dammit! I will tell him I have to go." The phone disconnected. "She does have afat ass Leah." Paul laughed "Wait till you see her." Jarred laughed to. "You got competion," Paul kept on. Charlie Swan called an hour later accepting Billy's dinner offer. I paced his kitchen, as mom and emily cooked, Seth and Jacob got there, they had no clue about werewolves. I heard Charlie Swan's car, he was alone. "Billy, I brouth Vitamin R." He had a case of beer in his arms. "Where is that daughter of yours?" "Her trainor, had her doing something, so she is on her way." "You don't like the trainor?" Billy looked over at me. "No, he. I was going to clip out. Renee, lets him alone with her all the time. He is alot older than her to. Then he said he had to get home to his husband." He laughed, I let out a breath. A nice car purred down the road it had to be here, it was a sports car. A two seater "That is hers?" Jacob had his nose against the glass. "That is a martain aston, they only made fifteen of those!" "Yea, Renee's new husband bought it for her or something." He scratched his head. She stepped out, in skinny jeans with holes in them. Fuck Me Heels, she was sexy as hell. I wanted to kiss her, and I was not into women. Jacob opened the door. "Well, well if it is not little Jacob Black. I hope you are not eating anymore worms." She laughed before wrapping his arms around her. "Only when you put them in a nice pie." "Isabella." Billy wheeled himself to her. "Hey Billy, is that a gray hair?" She laughed, before kneeling to hug him. "Are you crazy, I'm still young." he laughed with her before looking at me. "Leah Clearwater," She smiled. "Isabella Swan." "Let me introduce you, you probably remember, Harry, Old Quil, and Embry. Maybe Sue." "Yea, Embry, Jacob and I shaved Racheal's eyebrows." Embry turned back to her. "Little Isabella, not so little anymore." He hit her arm. "Yea, seven years does that." She laughed "This is Paul, Emily, Kim Jarred and Sam." Billy introduced all of them. "I'm Seth." He was so crushing on my Imprint. "Are you hungry?" Emily was handing out plates. "No thanks." She sat down beside Jacob, who was already eating, she had my little brother drooling, she noticed there would not be enough seats so she stood up, Emily handed me a plate "Go talk to her," Mom and Emily ushered me foreward. I sat in a love seat. "Want to sit?" I slid over a bit. "Thanks," She squezzed beside me, almost sitting on me. I liked it alot, Paul was smirking. "So Leah Clearwater tell me about you?" "Not much, I'm eighteen. Stay here, helping with tribal stuff," "There is more to you than that Leah Clearwater." "You know my name is just Leah." I looked into her deep brown eyes, she shrugged. "So you just moved here right?" "Yea from phenoix." "Aren't you suppoesd to be really tan?" "Maybe thats why they kicked me out," Seth laughed obnoxisiosly. "Anyone back home?" He leaned close to her. "Nope, kido, don't waste time." She winked at me. Did she like me? "You dance?" Emily was on Sam's lap it made me want her on mine. "Yea, Ballet." "How long have you danced." "Bells, has danced since she could walk. Renee swore the whole time she was pregnant she would be a dancer." Charlie proud of his little girl. she shifted trying to fit in the seat. I handed my plate to Seth, he looked pissed but took it. I shifted, so her legs were over mine, I felt so much better with her closer. Paul wagged his eyebrows. He phone rang. she shifted her ass bushed my hand. She had a new fancy phone, the kind you unlocked with a finger print. I read over her shoulder, it was her mother. 'Are you okay? How is Forks? How is Dance, tell me everything. Love you, mom. Oh yea, where is my pink skirt.' 'Mom, Forks is great, Dance is dance, wonderful. I met someone, she is beautiful, I dont know everything yet. Your shirt is in the dry cleaners, you were suppoessed to get it monday. Love you to, Things with Charlie are good. Better than I hoped.' She put back in her pocket was she talking about me? "So can we hang out sometime?" "Sure thing Leah Clearwater, just here is my number." she took the phone I didn't know was in my back pocket out, and put her number in it. "Isabella Swan," I took it back. "I have to go..." "Right your bed time." Charlie laughed "When I ge inot the Paris univerity you won't laugh at my bed time ever again." "Bye Bells," Jacob kissed her cheek making me see red. "Goodbye Seth," She rubbed his hair, he made a face. She said bye to everyone, I followed her out. "Leah Clearwater," She opened her door and leaned her arms ov the door. "Bella," "Leah Clearwater," She gave me a smile, and bit her lip. "You don't know how to flirt do you?" "I guess not." "What are you gunna do about?" "I'm gunna learn." "We will see know won't we? She shut her door. So she did like me. I walked back in. "You like my little girl don't you?" Charlie was glaring. "Sir'," I saw paul chuckle "Don't worry about it, Trust me Bella, wait what do they call it?" He looked at Jacob. "Swings that way." Jacob finished. I noticed seth was already gone. "Bye Billy, Harry. Fishing trip in the morning." he went to his cruiser. "Leah, Leah, Leah. We have to watch you guys make out." Paul winked. It took me two days to work up the nerve to talk to Bella. We were going to meet at the beach, everyone went covering it saying hey were just not busy. Iwas there fiften minutes when she showed up, in a pair of sweatpants and a strapless shirt. "Leah Clearwater." She hugged me. "Isabella Swan." "Are you flirting with me?" She acted shocked. "Depends," "On?" "If you want me to?" "I havn't decided yet." She to the water, she rolled her jeans up below her knees getting the water on her feet, I was in shorts so I was fine. "You like it in Forks?" "I like La Push." She whispered, a huge wave hit her, she screamed. Then laughed, it was warm today, sunny a bit. I noticed the pack the guys watchin expectantly. Emily and Sam looking happy, Emily nodded her head. "Are you cold?" "Not really." She took a step back rolling her keans up higher, abouve her knees. "You ever been surffing?" "I love surfing, we got to clifornia every summer, it is wonderful. Can you surf? I can't do it alone I have to help, But i love the water," "A Little," "We have to surf sometime." She kicked water at me, it was not cold to me. She laughed, I grabbed her, and picked her up swinging her around, she was nothing, I felt her breasts on my arms it was nice. "Leah Clearwater, you put me down this instant!" She screamed. I dropped her she shobed my arm, I played hurt. "You hurt my arm." "To bad so sad." She stuck her bottom lip out at me. "You are sexy as hell you know that?" I ust came out. "You think so?" She faced me, her back to the ocean. She trailed her finer up my arm. "Yep," "Have you ever had a girl friend?" She stopped at my elbow. "No, you?" "Emma, she was my best friend. We broke up, after, I started focusing more on dance, after something happened, she dropped fourteen floors, just jumped, no warning. Fell in the middle of trafic. She hit a taxi, and died instantly. She left note, Forgive me. Is all she had to say seventeen years of life, two younger sisters, a younger brother, a mom and dad forgive me is all she had to say."