"They here," Jessica whispered in my ear, I knew who she was talking about, my soon to husbands ex-wife and three children. I had never met my step children. Carlisle hadn't spoken with them in years, his daughter Alice reached out to him. "Shit do I look right?" I looked at the perfect white strappless skin tight dress, my cleavage spilling over. If I bent over it would fall out, my ass looking huge in the dress. White, not champane, white, all white. Only one little belt of what I thought were rinestones but are dimonds. My shoes covered in them as well, "If I was gay I would have you against the wall." Angela winked. "Are you sure? My hair, I want it all to be perfect." "Wait, something new and blue." Angela opened a bow, a braclet with blue stones around it. "Saphires, Ben and I thought you would need it." "I love it will you help me?" She clasped it on my wrist. "Something borrowed," Jessica toughed my hair, It had a clip not showing, but I kneew it was there, it was down, perfect curls with half of it up, it was almost to my waist straight, so it was very long. "Something new your dress." Angela counted off. "Something old. Beside your husband," Jacob appered in the door. He was my best friend, he held out my buqet it had white roses and blue violets. "Around the bottom is my mothers handkerchif from her wedding or something no big deal." he pushed it off. "Thank you Jacob." I stood up, this dress was really heavy. "Okay, its time! Jacob go, Angela and then me, Count to ten after me and go, slow bella breathe in and out." Jessica demonstrated, the wedding was in the huge back yard, that was perfect a few tree's we had hung lights and fake white flowers from, it was earthy, white and blue were our colors. Perfect. I watched them walk out. I was at nine I took a deep breath. I stepped into sight. I tried to breathe evenly, I was already about to cry. Then I saw him in his perfect siut with a white shit and black buttons. A perfect black skinny tie, his hair blonde and fixed perfectly like always. No one else mattered then, not my step children sitted somewhere. Not my maids of honor, I couldn't chose. Jacob sitting on the front row where a father should sit. Our vows were traditional, I did cry carlisle wipped the tears I had. He slid the perfect badn on my finger, Angela handed me his ring that was stationed on her thumb. "You may kiss the bride." The mister pronounced. Carlisle was never one for PDA, but that was some kiss, he dipped me down kissing me hard, a movie kiss. "I love you," I whispered when he pulled me up straight. "The new Mr. and Mrs. Cullen." The minister introduced. Carlisle and I were hugged, then pulled away for a few pictures. "Are you ready to meet your new step children?" He whispered and pulled me to a table. "Dad," A girl maybe twelve jumped up. "Alice, Edward, Emmett. This is my Bella." I noticed a beautifukl woman his age, his ex-wife. "She is cute," Alice whispered to Carlisle "No she it hot." The big guy Emmett laughed "Down boy, she is our new step mother," The edward one laughed "This Isabella is my ex-wife Esme," He introuced me, as Isabella when he was showing off. "Nice to meet you dear you look very georgous." She looked right at my cleavage, with a bit of disgust. "Thank you," "Yea where did you get that dress, that cant be off the rack." Alice touched the side making me jump. "Sorry." "You just suprised me, no I had it desined," "It is perfect," She smiled, Edward and Emmett were more apreshinsive. "Where are you going for the honey moon?" Emmett laughed "Fiji," Carlisle jissed my temple. "Dance with me?" Carlise took my hand, he knew I hated to dance, but he lifted me on his feet, making me feel five again. "Isabella Cullen, I like that." I whispered, Lets go you have to feed eachother cake," Jessica took my hand, we cut it him laughing. "Do not get on my face," I glared, he did a little and kissed it off. I did it to, licking it off the side of his face. "Buquet," Jessica handed it back to me, the hankercheif had been untied and taken off. I threw it backwards into Angela's hands. We took pictures with everyone, Alice, "What do you think?" Edward, Emmett mom and I watched Dad dance with bella her on his feet. She was beauiful, Dark long brown curly hair, was that curl natural? She had beauitful brown eyes, her skin was a dark color, not dark, dar just a tanner than all the rest of us. She had curves, very curvy. "I don't like it, she is old enough to be with Emmett or I." ''She is twenty-one." "I'm sixteen." Emmettjumped in. "Your father is happy he has not been since I walked out." mom made it no secret she left dad never left us. "I'm going to look at the house," We all went in. It was huge, huge. "Bella is going to be a woman," We heard a girl laugh "It is not funny," Bella whispered from upstairs "Oh Isabella Cullen, who the hell is still a virgin at twenty-one not to mention, the fact that you and Dr. Hottie have been together for almost three years. It five finger sally not boring?" The same girl laughed "Jessica, leave her be. Just let her husband and her, have this night even if it Vigra," another one laughed "You are awful friends, trust me Carlisle has no problems, I may be a virgin but I am not an angel." Our stepmother laughed "I still don't get it, twenty two years older. You never even knew about the money none of us did, It was not for the sex. You people and Love, I am a one night stand, sex fling girl." The jessica voice laughed "I love him, Jess. Now get thiis damn dress off of me, I cant breathe!" "Not our fault you had to cheat on your diet." The other voice laughed "Jacob get me the hell out of this thing they wont help me, it is not going past my ass!" She yelled "Babe that is not the issue, the issue is it is not unzipping. Hold your breath." "Dont ruin that zipper." "Saving it for the children?" "We are not even talking about kids, Carlisle does not want children with me, he feels like he is to old and will leave me a lone a a mother and I am sure his daughter wants to wear my dress. She is lovely really so pretty." "Did you see that hunk of curly hair," Jessica voice laughed, Emmett made a face happily "Jessica, they are my step children! Keep it in your dress." "Here put the damn dress on." "Oh Bells got a wax, look at those peircings you put a porn star to shame." The guy voice laughed, Was she heating already. "I'm taken tiger. Plue James is downstairs what would he say is he knew you were lookingat a woman!" She gasped "We are all aware that you have a rocking body. If I am not mistaken my lovely James got your fat ass in the dress." "Do I look alright? Is my ass to big? Look fake big" "I think you could turn a gay guy straight." The other girl voice. "She is not turning me!" The guy demanded "Because you saw me naked when I was like five," "I remember, clothes were against your religion, that summer," "That was when I was twelve, I was going to be a nudist." "Are you nervous?" Jessica voice whispered "Shitless. Did you see how pretty his ex wife was. Anything I have ever done is with Carlisle. That counts. Kissing a drunk Mike Newton, who you slapped does not count as a kiss." "Stil think you can't know what it is like if you only ever kiss one person in your life." "Jessica, let me know when you fall in love." "Have fun, Advil is in your purse, birthcontrol ha been taken today, don't forget everyday or it is irrelevent. Trust me guys would rather not go with rubber." Jessica instructed. "Do you need the taalk again? Or have my years of talking about sex gotten you enough knoledge?" "I'm fine. I'm I hear you and Ang all the time talking about this and that I even know how gay sex is, thank you Jake." "We are going to miss you at home. No more group cuddling." "Just take me out of the equation still cuddling." "No you are the best cuddler. You make a wonderful pillow," "Yea, we made you lay in the middle and you tits were pillows, and your thighs." "Dont get you panties in a wad, if you excuse me I have to go to fiji, and have a wonderful honeymoon." "Dont forget its no to late we can go today and have this forgoten, like it never happened. Forget the kids, Carlisle, foregt the Ex wife." "No, I just hope his kids like me, I love them they have Carlisle in them what is not to love." "She likes us," I whispered. "Have fun baby girl. Kill it, remember tits up chin higher ass out. Resting bitch face smiling gives you wrinkles!" The guy yelled. "Oh, alice, Edward Emmett. Can I get you something?" She looked just as wonderful. A blue dress short mid thigh showing off that wonderful cleavage. That I didn't have. "No its fine," I promised "As soon as we get back I have to get to know you. I have heard a bunch about you." She took my hand. I got a glimples her rings were huge, huge, huge. More expensive than our car. "We need to catch our flight babe," Dad came behind us. "Okay, It was wonderful meeting you i hope to get to know you." She looked like she was debating. "Can I hug you?" She looked worried, "You don't have to say yes, but if you..." I cut her off wrapping my arms around her, my head was at her boobs. She pulled back and kissed bot of my cheeks, "Bye my new mother," Emmett winked, Edward nodded "I will talk to you guys in a week," Dad hugged all of us. "Bye baby," A blonde guy smacked Bella's backside, "Go home to your husband before I tell him on you." She winked at me. "Have fun, wear sunblock take care of yourself." The other girl who was in the room hugged her, Dadopened the car door for her. We found mom on her phone. "We have to talk." She sat us down at a table in the back yard. "What?" Emmett insisted. "I have a work issue, I'm going to Europe and You guys are staying with your father. Bella is excited, she taughth at the high school you will be in school at. You will love it. Your father has the money to take care of you. I was just to prideful to take it from him. I will still call all the time." "What you are ditching us!" Edward demanded "It is not like that at all, I just have work and you have your father now." "They are newly wed's. They will go at it like rabbits." Emmett insited "You will love it here, I promise." She winked. "They will be gone for a week, thena day after they get home. You will move in." She smiled looking back down at her phone. The week was hell, Bella and Dad called once a day, but got off the