Sleepover Summary: Bella gets the surprise of a lifetime when the girl she has been secretly pining over invites her to a little sleepover. "I like you, okay? I really, really like you. I like the way you walk, the way you talk, the way you eat your damn lunch. I find myself staring at you whenever I can. All day I think about ways to approach you, get you alone, get my hands on you. I spend my days in class thinking about how it would feel to kiss those full lips and feel you kiss me back. Disclaimer: I do not claim to own anything. Okay, so I was feeling especially lezzy tonight. I love me some lesbian action and Alice/Bella pairing so I decided to entwine the two loves. This was the outcome. Judge me not for I am simply a victim of lusty fantasies. I hope you enjoy! Sidenote: The story will be in Bella's point of view. I hated school. I hated the pointless homework, the slop they served for lunch, the smelly bathrooms, and most of all; the people. They were a bunch of wanna-be posers striding around in their name brand shoes and passing judgment on those they deemed 'lesser beings'. Like me for example. I was the subject of much ridicule because of my upbringing. My mother left when I was two years old, claiming that she never signed up for the 'family life.' My father was devastated and took to drinking to lessen the pain he felt. He was now known as the town drunk, unable to hold down a job, or bodily fluids. I had been the sole provider since the age of ten, taking any job I could get; mowing lawns, cleaning toilets, scrubbing floors, and babysitting. On my sixteenth birthday I gave myself the gift of a real minimum wage paying job as a waitress at the only place that would hire me; a rundown little restaurant just on the outside of town. And I was close to losing it thanks to my extreme clumsiness and tardiness due to a lack of a car. I was barely making ends meet, but I was working hard. School just got in the way and my peers insistence upon making me feel like a big pile of crap did nothing to help my shitty outlook on life. There was one thing though that kept me coming back. Actually, it was a person. A wonderful person. My only safe haven in this shit bucket of a town. Her name was Alice Brandon. She was the sweetest person in the world as far as I was concerned and was the only person in town who didn't make me want to blow my brains out. We weren't friends by any means, but we got along when we were thrown together. I appreciated her kind words when someone would put me down, her glowing smile when she passed me in the hallway. I was also extremely appreciative of the release she gave me every night. Sometimes even daily. No, she did not crawl into my bedroom window and touch my naughty places. I just liked to pretend she did while I... yeah. So anyway, Alice Brandon made my day-to-day a little easier and she didn't even have a clue. No one did. I was a master at hiding my emotions. I pretended that she didn't affect me one way or another. I returned her smiles and thanked her for telling the odd person off for pushing me into the lockers, but that's where it ended. Even if I thought I had a chance with her, we lived in a small ass town where everyone knew everyone else's business. And I knew the townspeople weren't so accepting of 'the gays.' They were shunned and taunted. I really didn't need to give those people anymore ammo to use against me. So I kept my trap shut, my lustful fantasies in check. It was easy enough. I didn't have any friends to confide in, and my father was too busy pissing himself and blubbering about "the good old days" to listen to me. Alice was in her own little world so I never had the chance to accidentally confess my desire to stuff my face between her legs. I was safe. Or, so I thought. . I was working the late shift at Benny's. It wasn't a high-class joint so the pay was crappy and the tips were lousy – when I got them, that is. But a job was a job and I sucked it up in hopes of scrounging up enough to pay the rent and utilities every month. The place was rife with drunken truckers, white trash families, and immature teenagers that night. It was well and truly hell and I was only two hours into a six hour shift. I adjusted my black-rimmed glasses that insisted on falling off my face just as the diner door bell rang signaling another customer in the already crowded restaurant. It was Friday night and we were unusually busy since the Forks Diner was under repair from a pipe leak. I wasn't used to seeing so many people I knew come in here, and it had been an eventful night. Not only was I getting stiffed on tips I also had to deal with kids from my school mocking me at my place of work. It was degrading and I was getting fed up that I had to take their shit with my head held high. If I told them off, I'd be out of a job. I just had to sick it up and be the bigger person. I walked by the only empty table, clearing it for the newcomers. I kept my eyes down as I piled the plates and glasses into the bin. It was usually the busboys job to make sure the tables were cleaned off and ready but he couldn't be bothered. He was too busy talking up a cute girl, and I had learned the hard way that he didn't like to be reminded of his duties. I shuddered at the memory of his outburst. He was fucking terrifying. So, diligently I went. I was basically on my own for the night, but that was to be expected. Once I finished clearing the table I looked up to motion the waiting customers over but stopped dead in my tracks, very nearly dropping the dishes from my hands. It was her. Shit. Alice Brandon stood by the door with a smile on her face and her two friends, Rosalie and Lauren flanking her sides, but I barely noticed them as my eyes swept over the beauty tucked between them, a diamond in the rough. She wore a ruffled blue and pink floral shirt that exposed the tiniest bit of mouthwatering creamy flesh at the base of her tight little tummy, and a pair of sinful jean shorts. She was every bit the enticing siren I gave her credit for. I stared too long though because soon her pleasant smile turned down at the corners and she rubbed her hands down her shirt, obviously uncomfortable with my uninhibited gawking. I snapped out of my Alice-induced trance and held the bin under one arm, smoothing down my messy bun with my free hand. I cleared my throat and put on my best server smile. I took what I hoped were confident steps over to the three girls, but my mouth wasn't up to speed. "H-hey, my name is B-Bella and I'll be your server for the evening, if you'll just follow me to your t-t-table I c-c-can get y-you –," "Yeah, yeah. Whatever," Lauren cut me off rolling her shiny brown eyes impatiently. She pushed passed me, nearly knocking me over in the process. "Move," she grunted. I was used to Lauren making a fool of me, but I was actually quite happy she had stopped me from speaking. Or, my attempt at speaking. Alice glared at her friends' back and gave me an apologetic smile. I tried to smile back but I was sure it came off as more of a grimace. Alice and Rosalie made their way to the table with me following a good distance behind. Don't stare at her ass, I had to constantly remind myself. It was a lot more difficult than it should have been. It swayed so enticingly with every step she took. They all sat down and looked up at me, waiting. "Uh," I looked down at the bin in my hands. "Just... just one sec." I walked quickly to the back setting the dishes on the counter and hastily ran back out pulling my pad and pen from my apron as I went. "Kay, can I start you off with a drink?" I mumbled, flustered. Any skill I previously embodied had vanished. Alice tended to have that affect on me. Usually I was ready for it, prepared to not make a fool of myself in front of her, but seeing her outside of school was a surprise and I was obviously under -prepared. Rosalie was the first to speak. "I'll have a Pepsi." She had a coldness about her. Not so much a bitch as she was standoffish. She was more bearable than most only once in a while calling me a rude name if I accidentally ran into her in the hallways. She had a temper and everyone knew she didn't like to be touched. "Water. With a straw. And please try not to touch it anymore than necessary," Lauren ordered, her natural bitch shining through. I wrote down the orders then reluctantly turned to Alice. I didn't want to make anymore of a fool of myself in front of her, but I swear, one look at the girl and I was mush. She smiled sweetly up at me. "I'll have the same as Lauren." She then leaned over and whispered, "You can touch it as much as you want." She winked. And like a lovesick tool, I blushed. To my surprise the girls stayed for a long time, laughing and sampling every subpar food item on the menu. I heard Alice telling them that she liked the place and wouldn't mind coming back even when the regular Forks hangout finished with the repairs. I also caught her eyes a couple of times. She would look down and I could have sworn I saw her porcelain cheeks flame with color. I decided not to think too much on it. She was probably just checking out my hideous job uniform; a loose red polo tucked into black skinny jeans. Not to mention my sexy Dr. Scholls. Mmhmm, I was a catch. It was near the end of my shift and the place was empty aside from the three girls who were still sitting around. I saw Jasper, our ever useful – note the sarcasm – busboy staring at little Alice from across the diner. He was in his twenties, a very attractive man from the South. Women tended to throw themselves at his feet. I felt a growing jealousy as I watched Alice look up shyly and smile at him. He was about to walk over but I beat him in my mindless territorial trance. "Can I get you the check?" I asked with more fore than I intended. They just stared at me. "Is there a problem, Smella ?" Lauren sneered. "Uh, n-no. I was just wondering..." I backtracked dropping my head, embarrassed by my rash actions. She snorted and opened her mouth, surely to degrade me some more, but Alice shushed her with a look. She then smiled up at me. "Sorry. I'm sure you wanna get home. We'll take the check now." I nodded and gave her a tight smile. They split the bill in three equal parts and then got up to leave. Before they went Alice skipped over to me with