A/n: Heyyoo. This is a looooong one duders. But I had a lot of fun writing it :3. Thanks for the prompt, Tiffy. I love you. Oh, slightly new writing style so it doesn't feel so broken when I write my one-shots, uh. Feedback on the style? If you want - I wouldn't mind! Thanks. ~Kiz AU: Teddy lives with Harry rather than Andromeda, Draco and Teddy are v close, Ron still works as an Auror with Harry, Draco is a Healer. Slash fic. Warnings: Time skip to 2008 (10 years after war) w/ flashbacks to '98/'99. Established relationship between Draco and Harry. Prompt writing: quote, draco/harry, one-shot, 25+ A/U Draco Malfoy x Harry Potter. At this point if you've been following my writing you know I got some joke to put in here so, without further ado. I don't own Harry Potter or the world or the books or anything related to him and his world for that matter, because honestly if I did I can't help but imagine Draco Malfoy bending over backwards for Mr. Potter's every demand, whim and issue. "I will bruise your lips, and scar your knees and love you too hard. I will destroy you in the most beautiful way possible. And when I leave, you will finally understand, why storms are named after people." - M.K. Wilde August 1998 "Can you not smoke around me, Potter?" Draco sneered with narrowed eyes, "it's one thing to kill yourself but I'd rather live." Harry laughed arching a brow, taking one last drag. He shut his eyes as the smoke streamed out through his nose and he put the cigarette out before flicking it to the ground, "better, Malfoy?" Draco tsked quietly, eyeing the butt in disgust, "what are you doing out here anyway?" "It's quiet, and I can smoke." He paused shooting a wink at the Slytherin, "well, I thought I could. You?" "It's quiet and typically not filled with smoke," Draco answered haughtily, shoving his hands in his pockets. Harry tilted his head, his eyes on the blonde, "I usually sit up in the Alchemy tower," he said suddenly, "but it was quite occupied tonight so here I am." Draco didn't answer or show any other sign he was listening at all, though he was, instead he stood still with his hands tucked in his pockets and his eyes trained to the sky looking up at the starry night. Harry sighed quietly, drumming his fingers against his knees. He kept glancing over at the blonde but Draco never looked down again, Harry just wanted some type of response. He didn't care what it was, the other had been quiet and granted it was nice to not have to fight with the Slytherin it was also uncomfortable to Harry to not have him say anything. He stretched his legs out, pulled out another cigarette lit it quickly and took a long drag. This would give him something to do, rather it just be smoking or fighting with Malfoy he didn't really care which at this point. Anything but the absolute silence. Quiet was one thing, silence another. "You're absolutely daft, Potter," Draco growled out whipping his head down to the other, "we just had this conversation." "That wasn't a conversation," Harry answered quirking a brow at the blonde. Draco narrowed his eyes, "it was a conversation. Put it out." "No," Harry answered with a smirk. He sounded rather childish, he knew that, but well... it was something to do. "I don't think I will." "I will put it out myself if I have to," Draco turned to him, his anger obvious in the light of the moon. Harry blinked, taking another long drag, he stared back rather impassively as if daring the blonde. Here we go. Harry felt a bit of excitement course through his body, his heartbeat sped up just enough. He didn't know he had missed this as much as he had. Draco had changed since the start of the year, something about the Slytherin was completely different than before, before the war. Before the world changed he had been vile, terrible, evil. He practically smelled of it, but now? Their first week back for an 8th year the blonde was different. He hadn't said two words to Harry or his friends and he had, had plenty of opportunity since they were in all the same classes together; all day, all week. And as far as Harry could tell he didn't really talk to anyone. In classes he buried himself into the lessons, he always had his nose in a book or was working diligently on an assignment and at meals there was generally three empty seats around him; one on each side and one in front. Draco Malfoy was different, and as that thought crossed his mind Harry realized he wasn't going to get the row he was hoping for. Draco glared, flicked his wand and a splash of water hit Harry in the face before the Slytherin turned and stalked off, "stay in the tower." He spoke over his shoulder, leaving Harry smiling after him. Oh, Malfoy. April 2008 Draco peered through the window of the room, he was standing in the hallway in the same place he had been standing for the last hour. When he got there he had, had every intention of going into the room but when he showed up at the door he couldn't make himself do it. So instead he moved to the window and stared through. Harry was laying on the bed fast asleep, or still passed out, Draco wasn't sure which and hadn't bothered to check the chart to see. "Malfoy?" He tensed hearing the voice of Ron and he knew Hermione was close behind. The two were practically never separated after all. He glanced over his shoulder, sneer in place, "visitation hours ended a while ago," he snapped as a greeting. "We just got out of there, we only want an update," Hermione stepped forward and reached out for him but Draco stepped away from her hand jerking his chin to the side. "Just a quick update, please, has he woke up at all?" Draco trailed his eyes over her and Ron coolly before grabbing the chart from the door pocket looking through it, "no he hasn't." He finally said, shutting the file and tucking it back, "I can't disclose anymore information because he doesn't have either of you listed as a contact." He looked at Hermione as he said the last part, his eyes tight, "might tell him to change that and to make a will at some point, Granger, he's been in here seven times the last three months. Eventually he'll be dead." Hermione swallowed roughly, her eyes wide at the words and she nodded silently gripping Ron's hand tightly. "How's he doing?" Ron spoke up, giving her hand a squeeze, "did you heal him?" "I wasn't here," Draco lied easily, "it seems a junior healer did the job, I'm just doing my rounds." He added though he had been off for more than two hours at this point, "visiting hours are over, you'll have to come back tomorrow morning." Hermione blinked glancing at Ron who glared at Draco, "you know we're all he has." "That's not my problem, if you want to be allowed to see him after hours you'll have to have him add you to the chart," Draco sneered at the two, his voice harsh and short, "don't make me call security." Ron shook his head, "you're a right git, Malfoy." Draco sniffed unaffected by the words, he rolled his eyes, "a bloody asshole, it's no wonder he left you." Hermione gasped quietly and turned two pleading eyes to Draco. Draco's laugh was sudden and loud, it was to keep the tears from pranging to his eyes at the mention of Harry breaking things off. How pathetic are you? Draco growled internally, the very mention of it you want to cry.. get it together! "Tell me something I don't know, Weasle." Ron seemed to be about to take that serious until Hermione gave his arm a tug, "c'mon let's get to the waiting room, Ron," she said quietly. Draco stood defiantly at the door, watching the two back away and out through to the waiting room. The moment he was alone again he sagged back against the hard, wooden door and closed his eyes taking a few deep breaths before picking the chart up again and looking at it. Concussion. Chest contusion to right lung. Three fractured ribs. Broken left arm, cracked collar bone. Torn ligament in right leg. He swallowed quietly reading over the words, patient came in unconscious, only woke for a brief amount of time before going under again. Monitor for movement and response. Draco shut the chart and looked back through the window, his frown growing as his eyes stared at the other man on the bed the pain of seeing him like that made his heartache. "Healer Malfoy?" A matron hurried to his side, her eyes wide as she looked at him, "is Mr. Potter okay?" "He's still asleep," he answered the young girl, glancing back through the window, "he has two visitors, I have told them they aren't allowed in until visiting hours when he wakes you might ask him if he would like to add them to the list so they don't have to sleep out in the waiting room." His voice was soft as he spoke not looking away from Harry. "Of course Mister Malfoy, has he come to at all?" "No, still unconscious," Draco turned towards the hallway, "I'm off for the night just wanted to stop by on my way out." He pulled his traveling cloak on, and started down the hallway without another word to go home. Draco glanced up at the knock on his door, seeing a mediwizard standing at the entrance, "what?" "Healer Jones asked me to tell you Mister Potter woke, about five minutes ago." "Okay?" Draco asked through a cold tone, though inside he felt a wave of relief wash over him. Finally. "She just wanted to pass the word on, she knew you were interested in the case." Draco tilted his chin up, speaking through a sneer, "I'm the head healer, I oversee all the cases." He then looked back at the file he had been reading the reports on, "you can go, shut the door." Once he was sure he was alone he sat back, letting out a shaky breath as he shut his eyes, oh, thank Merlin. It had been two days and he knew the buzz around the hospital, he read the reports... Harry hadn't even been responding they were expecting worse of the worse in the situation, brain damage. Which wasn't necessarily ruled out, but at least he was awake. That was a good start. Draco felt the tense in his shoulders relax, which meant he felt a dull ache in his body he hadn't realized had been there from how tense he was, he rubbed his fingers against his temple and let out a quiet breath willing the headache to go away he still had a long day to go, it was only 10 in the morning. August 1998 Harry took his chances heading out towards the lake the next night, he saw the blonde sitting by the lake in the same spot. Out of view of the school entrance, around the side close to the Forbidden Forest hidden behind the boulder and tree that set up what was almost a wall. Harry took his time, he didn't want to seem eager or anything; it was just Malfoy down there. Draco heard him approach and fought down his scowl, the other paused just to his side then dropped down taking a seat. Draco didn't need to glance over to know Harry was sitting on the blanket he had brought for himself, rather than the ground like