A/n: This was going to be so fucking smutty and then I just got sappy. Because I'm a big 'ole Draco sap and u g h. Ohwell. Kek. Warnings: Slash. DracoxHarry. Rated MA. Summary: Draco said it first, Harry didn't say it all. Lucky for them - Draco knows how to brew a good potion. Prompt: Brewing a love potion (HSW(CA) Monopoly)/ Aggressive/obsessive Harry or Draco.(TP) | Character: Draco Malfoy | Word Count: 3999 (via wordcounttool) [First 287 words pertain primarily to the brewing of the potion, the last bit is about the effects] A/U. DracoxHarry. I don't own Harry Potter, or the world, but y'know if I did... Draco might just be a character in the forefront. Draco Malfoy was perched on the edge of his stool, his right knee bouncing forcefully as he peered over the cauldron on the table adding in the desired amount of rose thorns he stirred with his wand slowly. Only a tiny part of him felt even the least bit bad as he stared down at the potion he was brewing. Only a small part. The other parts - the main parts, didn't. He needed to know. He was tired of being toyed with and what better way to know than a whole dose of Amortentia? None. He would know once and for all. Draco sprinkled in the pearl-dust and continued stirring. He had to know. Part of him didn't want to, sure, because it would only complicate things. A lot. But a bigger part of him did and that part was winning - at least for now, he was brewing the potion after all. If he actually gave it to... "Malfoy?" He snapped his head up, "what?" "What are you doing?" Hermione asked, leaning against the door of abandoned class room, "just because you're dating my best friend doesn't mean I'll let you run around and do whatever you want." Draco rolled his eyes, and leaned back down, "I'm almost done." "What are you brewing?" "Get. Out." Draco growled, "I'm just trying to practice the brew list, Granger." He lied easily as he stared down at the potion watching it turn shades from gray to a pearl sheen, perfect. Hermione rolled her eyes and stepped out letting him be alone before hurrying on her rounds. Draco bottled up the potion, he had made enough for two vials - better safe than sorry, and started to clean up. "Potter," Draco greeted Harry, sliding onto the couch next to him. "Draco?" Harry smiled, reaching over to give him a kiss, "how are you?" Draco hummed and curled up against Harry, "I was wondering if you had some time?" "For you?" Harry smiled, "always." Draco rolled his eyes and shook his head, "I may have happened to set something up." "What?" "A thing," Draco shrugged, rubbing his cheek against Harry's shoulder, "you should meet me up on 7th, after dinner?" Harry quirked a brow, he knew what that meant. Up on 7th was the donned term for those that new about the Room of Requirements, at least. Harry offered this term much more than Draco ever had, he actually couldn't remember any time that Draco had said it to him. Come to think of it Draco never suggested anything of the sorts at all, Harry was the one that did - every time the two did anything. It wasn't that Draco wasn't interested, he was just restrained, but the moment they were alone no one was as passionate as Draco Malfoy. No one made Harry Potter shiver like Draco did, no one made Harry feel quite like Draco. If Harry was honest he was shocked Draco was saying it, not because he was making the suggestion but because the last time the two had meet "up on 7th" Draco had said, I love you at some point between taking Harry on the king sized bed and cumming on his back, and then again before the two drifted off to sleep and Harry hadn't. Harry had run away. The two hadn't really been together much since then, they hadn't even been eating meals together and Draco had sat else where during classes. All 8th years took the same classes - basics anyway, for the exams, the two were forced to be together all day practically, but it was Harry's fault wasn't it? He had run away. "After dinner?" "If you're not busy?" Draco sat back, running his hand through his hair, "over me already?" Harry rolled his eyes, "hardly," he watched the Slytherin play with his bright blonde hair and cleared his throat, "after dinner." "Don't be late," Draco gave an eyebrow wiggle before getting up and heading away. Harry grew anxious and those nerves stayed with him all day, every time he thought about it he got hard. Every time he thought about it he got nervous. It's just Draco! He told himself as he nervously picked at his food, not even bothering to eat he just kept glancing over to the Slytherin table to make sure Draco was still there. He couldn't be early, it was Draco's idea after all. He was just waiting for the blonde to leave, so he could leave. "What's the matter, Harry?" Hermione asked, following his eyes to the Slytherin table before glancing back, "you two still fighting?" "He asked me to meet him up on 7th." "Ey! There ya go!" Ron shot his arm out for a fist bump, receiving a glare from Hermione. Harry chuckled, "I'm nervous." "Why?" "I think he might be breaking up with me, actually." "Oh..." Ron raised an eyebrow, "what exactly happened last time?" Harry shrugged looking down at the table, "I ran away." "From?" Hermione prompted, sharing a rather nervous look with Ron. "Him," Harry sighed and finished his drink, "he told me he loved me and I ran away." "Oh, Harry," Hermione gasped out. "I know," Harry's frown grew and swallowed roughly, "I want to take it back, but I can't." "Would you say it back?" Ron asked quietly, giving a soft smile to his friend. "I... I don't know," Harry looked up, "I like him a lot, I may even love him but I don't know if I'm ready to say that." "Then you're not ready," Hermione reached out taking his hand, "because if you were ready you wouldn't question it." The sound of hoots and howls from the owls alerted mail time, and Harry glanced up to see Draco was still in his seat their eyes met this time and Draco didn't seem to be looking away smirking when Harry jumped as an owl landed on his shoulder. Harry looked down, missing the Slytherin getting up and leaving, to see an owl on his shoulder holding out his leg. Harry untied the package and saw a rather beautifully wrapped box, don't share this, Potter, it's yours. ~Love, Draco. He pulled the silver wrapping paper apart and found a box with a heart shaped chocolate inside, he chuckled and picked it up popping it in his mouth before taking a deep breath. The box smelled so strongly of Draco Malfoy and mint it was almost intoxicating, and the moment he took that bite it was all he could taste. Mint, almost too much but it was quickly followed by the taste of Draco and that wasn't at all too much. It was everywhere in his mouth, all of Draco. From the way his lips tasted, to his breath that always tasted like mint like he had just chewed a piece of gun, to the way his skin tasted - even after a long day, a little salty. It was all he could think about, Draco Fuckin' Malfoy. All of his senses where taken over by the other man. He shot his eyes across the Great Hall to the Slytherin table and felt his heart break when he saw Draco wasn't sitting there any longer. Hurrying to his feet Harry grabbed the empty box and note running off without a word, 7th. He needed to get to 7th. He went sprinting up the stairs and down the corridors not bothering to notice or acknowledge anyone near him he had one, two word thought: Draco Malfoy. And he knew where that man was.. 7th. Running his fingers through his hair as he rounded the corner, Harry glanced around the area doing a quick sweep happy to find it deserted all but the blonde man, leaning with his back against the wall and head tilted up towards the ceiling. Harry slowed down and moved across the corridor, his eyes locked on Draco's body as he approached. He didn't say anything or wait for anything to be said, Draco wasn't even looking at him. Harry reached out and took him by the neck, startling the blonde who jumped about to pull away but Harry was stronger than him and jerked him in pressing his lips to him with a force that was almost painful. He moaned quietly into Draco's mouth the moment they kissed and leaned against him. "Potter!" Draco gasped, finally freeing his lips but Harry was kissing the rest of him now. Down his neck, across his shoulders... His hands were gripping Draco's hips almost painfully, grinding his own hips against him, "Potter, stop!" "I need you Draco," Harry breathed out, "like need ," he whispered against Draco's exposed neck before pulling back, "can we merge our bodies?" "What?" Draco blinked and used all of his strength to push Harry back, but Harry was stronger than Draco and was pulling him in tightly. He was losing control and fast - he hadn't even had it, honestly, but it was slowly slipping out of his grasp, "Harry Potter!" He snapped in a low tone, his eyes hard as he gripped Harry by the chin. Harry looked back, still pressing their bodies together, before he stopped kissing him, "yeah?" "Stop." Draco's tone was even, serious, authoritative and Harry did. It was just a fun game for them, every now and then - a roleplay that Harry had asked Draco to do all the time, but Draco had said no. Right now? It was all he could think of, "stand by the wall," he added and Harry stepped back doing just that. Bloody hell! What did I do? Draco thought in shock, his hips sore from the grip Harry had, had on them and then hurried down the hallway a little bit to get the door, once the room appeared Draco called out for Harry and ushered him into the room. Harry stepped in, his hands reaching out for Draco the moment the door was closed. Draco turned to him with wide eyes, "Potter," he started, "we need to talk." "Don't do this," Harry whispered, shaking his head, "let me show you." "Show me? What are you talking about?" Draco shook his head, watching as Harry started to pull his clothing off, "Potter stop." "No, just let me show you Draco," Harry was speaking quietly, his whole body red as his fingers fumbled with his clothing, "don't leave me." "Leave you?" Draco forgot the potion as the words Harry was saying caught up with him, "leave you? I'm not going to leave you.. what are you talking about?" Harry gave him a serious look, his clothing going by the wayside as he did this, "this whole thing, you wanting to talk. And asking me up to 7th.. you'd never do that, Draco, we don't have to break up." Harry was shaking his head, naked now as he grabbed for Draco with tears on his face, "oh please don't leave me Draco." "Potter shut up!" Draco demanded, and backed away from Harry, "sit down?" "Draco please," Harry was full on crying now, his whole body red and tear streaked marks down his face as he grabbed for him, "come here, please." "Potter," Draco warned, pulling his wand out, "I'm right here, okay? Just sit down," he