A/n: You already know. It's the bae's birthday - how else could I celebrate? Warnings: None. It's a birthday fic! Draco stirred from his peaceful dream waking to find that not only was he alone, which wasn't all too unusual but still a bit of a let down but that there was a card floating above his head. He looked up seeing the cause of his waking, the card suspended above his head tapping his forehead, reaching up he picked it from the air and opened it, Happy Birthday Draco! It wasn't signed and that alone made Draco a little nervous in the fact that it was just there, holding it to his chest he stood up from the bed with a small stretch and headed to the bathroom and yet another thing out of place. A card was stuck to the mirror, he paused looking at it before pulling it off and opening it to read, Happy Birthday Draco! scrawled across the otherwise blank card. On the front just like the other was a cake this cake had two candles. Other than that no difference. He stared in shock laying the both of them on the counter before starting his morning ritual; stripping, using the bathroom, brushing his teeth, washing his face and then it was time for the shower. He pulled the curtain back and gasped. There plastered to the black shower tile of the wall was another card. A cake on the front with three candles, and inside? Happy Birthday Draco! was scrawled. Now he was alarmed, who the fuck? He looked around slowly and walked out of the bathroom with the cards in one hand and his wand, which he grabbed from the bedside table, in the other at the ready. On top of the dresser was a card propped open with four candles, the same message inside. Then another was in front of his half opened closet on the ground which he bent down and picked up slowly - five candles on the front. He hurried through the bedroom door checking the hallway before hurrying down the stairs no card in sight but as he stepped into the kitchen on the counter next to the coffee maker was a card with six candles, Happy Birthday Draco! scrawled across the blank inside. What the fuck... He thought carrying all six cards in his hand, pausing a moment to think back to last night. He had gone out for drinks with Pansy and Blaise after work. He had an extremely stressful case and was looking to unwind but he could remember all of last night, he wasn't drunk nor had anyone come home with him he was a little old for one nights stands, anyway. Probably Pansy. He decided with a sigh, and sat the cards down on the island before hurrying up the stairs to finish getting ready. Upon lea ving his house he walked the short distance to his favorite cafe, he went there every morning and got a muffin. A cinnamon crumble muffin, with a tall hot tea. "Good morning, Mr. Malfoy!" He was greeted, as he was every morning, except this time his order was already being collected and handed to him, "already paid for." The girl behind the counter explained, "and here is this." She smiled a wide smiling passing him a card with nine candles on it, he had found seven tucked into his robes and eight on top of his brief case. "Happy Birthday, Mr. Malfoy," she smiled as he stared blankly at her taking the card. "Uh... Camille, who was it?" "I can't say Mr. Malfoy," she grinned widely and turned to help another customer as Draco opened the card. Happy Birthday Draco! was scrawled but below it was another message, leave the poor girl alone. He sighed in annoyance, he didn't even recognize the hand writing but he didn't have time to dwell he was running a bit behind schedule having been thrown off by the strange morning and hurried to leave, apparating to the Ministry. He had a feeling he knew how many cards there was going to be and he had a feeling he didn't want that many cards. He was turning 37 and at the rate this was going there was going to be 37 of them. Sure enough as soon as he appeared, walking through the doors the girls at directory waved to him excitedly calling out a "Happy Birthday!" and one ran up with a card, ten candles. Draco sighed, "thank you." It's going to be a long day. He wasn't really excited about turning 37 after all, who would be? He was getting older, granted he didn't really look it he might have been starting to feel it. He married his job, had no time for close friends and was not in a relationship. He hadn't been in one since Astoria and him tried dating and he realized it wasn't for him. So here he was 37 with no child, no marriage and if he was being honest, no interest. Or at least partially honest, but the one in question was on the rocks with their own relationship and it just wouldn't work. They weren't meant to be together. He collected five more cards by the time he made it to his desk. Card 11 was on the lift to 2nd floor, card 12 from the front desk secretary of Magical Law Enforcement, 13 his own secretary, 14 on the the coat rack he hung his robes and 15 placed neatly on his desk when he sat down. A knock on his door pulled him from his thoughts and he looked up to see Pansy peeking her head in, "Drakey! Oh, happy birthday!" She called excitedly as she shut the door behind her and leaned forward kissing him once she got to his side. "Pansy," he greeted crossing his legs, "did you happen to set up a birthday card thing?" "No," she chuckled, "but since you asked..." She paused and handed him a card with 16 candles, "and before you ask, no I am not telling you who it is." Draco groaned, "there is going to be 37 aren't there?" Pansy smiled and sat across from him with her breakfast, "c'mon breakfast time." But Draco wasn't really hungry this morning, part of him felt a little bit of excitement as it grew and he kinda just wanted to get out of the office and start looking for more cards. He couldn't remember the last time anyone made a big deal about his birthday. Well, he could actually he was 14. After 5th Year it all went kinda down hill, but he refrained from looking and realized it was for the best because Blaise had 17 when he stopped in to say Happy Birthday before going on to his department and Greg had 18 when he stopped in. 18 cards before 10AM and Draco knew he had the whole day to look forward to this. His annoyance was quickly changing to excitement almost expectancy each time someone walked into his office he expected them to turn around and give him a card and small smile. He was working on finishing his report from last night when he got card 19, the Minister herself was ducking into his office with a small smile, "Draco, happy birthday." She started with a smile, "and a card." She added stepping forward to give it to him. "I would stay to chat but I have to get on, I wanted to stop by and give you that. I'll see you tonight at dinner." She added before leaving in just as much as a hurry as she entered in. Dinner? Oh yeah... He forgot Blaise and Greg had made plans with the whole Auror department and a few others through out the Ministry for tonight, a birthday dinner. So, this isn't related to that...? He thought curiously but quickly set back to his reporting wanting to finish it before lunch. When it was time for lunch the man was hungry, since he hadn't ate much of his breakfast and headed out with the report in hand just a little earlier than his normal time, only a few minutes or so, and he ran into Ron at the door. "Oi! Malfoy!" The red-head smiled, "happy birthday, it looks like I caught you just in time!" He said excitedly smiling at the blonde, who blinked and stepped back. "I was going to drop this report off to Potter," he explained, "then to lunch." "I was just coming by to grab you for lunch," Ron smiled, "I'll walk with you." Draco shrugged, and the two headed down the hallway to Harry's office. Draco was listening to Ron talk about the case they had gone on last night, the aftermath of it at least. He hadn't stuck around after he was finished with his stuff because he was tired but it sounded as if Ron had. The two worked a lot of cases together ever since Harry had been awarded the promotion and had soon been able to tolerate each other. Where Ron saw that Draco had in fact changed and was a better person, Draco had saw that Ron wasn't the worst type of person ever. Close to the best and he was happy to call the man - at the least - a work friend. They hadn't ever gone out alone for drinks or anything but they also hadn't spewed hateful words at each other for years. Now at Harry's office Draco handed the report to his secretary who smiled and handed him a card with 20 candles and Happy Birthday Draco! scrawled across the card. "Thanks," he muttered putting it in his pocket then looked at Ron, "lunch, then?" "Sure," Ron nodded leading the way down to the cafeteria and in the cafeteria was greeted with more cards. 21 was on top of a salad box, Draco always got salad, 22 was wrapped around a bottle of Draco's favorite fizz drink and 23 tucked behind a bag of his favorite candies and 24? Came from the cashier who explained it was paid for and to have a happy birthday! Draco sighed quietly, "it's never ending." Ron laughed, his face a bit red, "I have 25." "I figured as much," Draco admitted and took the card from Rom who was laughing now. "You're too predictable, made the job semi-easy for them." "Who is it?" "Mum's the word!" Ron shook his head, and took a drink the two settling into their lunch now soon to be joined by Blaise and Pansy and Draco forgot about the cards for at least a short moment as they planned the after dinner activities. "Guys, honestly, I'm just turning 37. Okay?" He sighed shaking his head, "I'll want to go home and go to bed." "Not dead yet are ya Malfoy?" Harry's voice drifted from behind and Draco turned around quickly trying to ignore the way his cheeks flushed. Harry was grinning and reached out pulling up a chair to sit next to him, joining the others with his own lunch. "Still here to bother you, Potter." Draco started, "if you think I'm going before you, you're mistaken." Harry laughed, his head falling back slightly with the laughter, "well.. better hold on then. 37 isn't old, we'll go dancing or something." "Dancing?" Draco wouldn't admit he liked the idea but he did, he liked it very much, "I didn't know you could dance, Potter." "Oh, I'm shit at it," Harry smiled, "but... well, I'll get drunk." He winked and Draco chuckled trying to disguise the noise he made when Harry winked at him, glancing away. "So, dancing then?" Blaise asked, interrupting their awkward conversation. "Dancing," Harry nodded and opened his lunch taking a bite of the pizza. "Hermione will love that," Ron chimed in, "she always wants to go dancing." "There," Pansy grinned, "we'll have fun,