A/n : Well. You already know who this goes to, but I'll tell you anyway: the worlds best beta/editor/friend I could ask for. Heh. There is plenty more to come, but I will have to be upfront and let you all know I am taking a hiatus for ~about~ a month from HP writing. I have another pairing/fandom I write for that is doing a week of prompts for November/December so I an dedicating most of September to focus on that. If you follow me on Tumblr I am sure you will see my little drabbles I post in regards to the 'The Joke Malfoy Told' because I can't just write one. I'm sick and twisted like that. Warnings : Chubby!Draco, hints at feedism (very small) and a plot twist we all "weren't" expecting. HEH. I don't own the world or anything related. Sorry to disappoint! *Smirk* ~ Month 1 Neville was lean ing against the counter of Draco's shop, smiling at his assistant when Draco gave him a nudge, "talk to her Longbottom or get out." "I supply you with a good deal on herbs, Malfoy. Show me some respect." The blonde arched a brow, looking down his nose at the other, "you're almost as annoying as Potter." "And yet you're fucking Potter." "Am I?" Draco smirked. That was not happening at all and hadn't in almost a month, not since the reunion. Not for lack of trying ... Draco thought in annoyance, he figured it was really saying something about himself that he was trying to, as hard as he was. Especially since Harry had been rather persistent the first weekend they spent together but after that it seemed to change. He figured some of it had to do with his whole, give me three months thing. "I don't quite recall that." "What does that mean?" Neville looked at him in shock, he had been sleeping in Harry's spare room just as long as Draco had been attempting to get Potter naked under the sheets. Draco shrugged, "nothing, never mind." "Don't tell me the nights you two spend together involve actually sleeping?" Draco gave him a hard look, and put the money he had just counted into the magically locking bag, "drop it." He added as the shop door swung open and Harry came in, followed by a greeting from his assistant. "Heyya Harry!" Neville grinned at Draco, leaning heavily into his fist and batting his lashes at the blonde as if saying, why should I? Draco didn't back down from the look and stared right back, the two staying quiet as a staring contest started. "Hey, Rose," he smiled at the girl and looked towards the back seeing Draco and Neville staring, "have a good day?" "We did, Neville's been annoying Mister Malfoy for the last hour but I don't think he really minds." "Why do you call him Mister Malfoy? You should just call him Malfoy or Draco. He's hardly scary." The girl laughed, shaking her head, "you three are something else." Harry grinned, lifting a shoulder, "what else am I good for?" "I'm sure loads of things, Harry. You three are just good friends, of course, you can get by with that type of thing. Mister Malfoy is my boss." Friends ? Harry thought with a lifted brow, and turned to see the two in the back unmoving and still staring. "Yeah, sure." Harry was edging towards the other two now, Rose following. "What's going on here?" He asked having approached them by now. Neville lifted a shoulder, "Malfoy was just telling me an interesting story." "About?" "You." He answered, still leaning into his hand and smiling now. "You know Longbottom," Draco started, "I am rather capable of growing my own herbs." "Merlin, I can't imagine your hands dirty Malfoy." Neville answered, "I mean obviously seeing as you sleep more than anything." "Sleep?" Harry asked, trying to catch up when Neville glanced at him finally breaking his eye contact with Draco. "Malfoy was just telling me how much sleep you two get." Harry frowned, still not getting the intention, "compared to...?" Draco shook his head, "nothing, Potter. I have to stop at Gringotts." He added while shaking the bag full of coins. Neville laughed quietly, not dropping the subject, "compared to what else you could do with each other." He dodged the glare Draco shot at him and moved behind Harry after answering the question. "Oh..." Harry laughed suddenly and looked at the red faced Draco actually glare at Neville so hard he was worried his friend would die and leaned in the way of his look, "I didn't expect that." He said as their eyes met. "We weren't talking about anything Potter." Draco sneered and handed him the bag, "bloody hold this and get that stupid smirk off your face." Harry took the bag, grinning widely, "I'm just being respectful." He added as he looked back at Neville, "giving him time." "Oh sure," Neville rolled his eyes, "of course you are Harry. Couldn't have anything to do with him being a stuck up." Harry thought it over, tilting his head a moment, "no, actually." "As much as I love being completely embarrassed by your loud mouths," Draco gritted his teeth with narrowed eyes, "I'd rather you two shut up, and get the hell out of my shop." "Ah, baby," Harry chuckled and slid his arm over Draco's shoulders, "I'll make it up to you. With a few extra hours of sleep..." Neville laughed so loud it almost sounded like a scream. Draco narrowed his eyes at the two and jerked the money bag from Harry before marching towards the shop doors. "Now I've done it," Harry smirked over to Rose who was watching the two with a head shake, then he glanced at Neville and back to Rose, "Rose if you're not busy this weekend, Nev got two tickets to the quidditch game." He started and Neville fell quiet quickly, " he'd like to take you." Neville stared at Harry before abruptly looking past him to Rose, "Harry!" He whispered in embarrassment. "Don't upset my Draco." He said plainly and turned to leave the two, catching Draco just outside the shop. "Nice of you to acknowledge me," Draco huffed, crossing his arms against his chest. "You're so dramatic," Harry rolled his eyes and grabbed the money bag from Draco before taking his hand, "when have I ever not noticed you?" "There's times," he answered, letting Harry hold his hand. Then he was jerked forward into him so fast their bodies pressed against each other. "Potter!" "What did Neville mean? Why were you two talking about that?" "I have no idea where he got it from," Draco looked away as he said it, narrowing his eyes slightly, "now get off of me!" He was trying to be more confident, Harry practically demanded it. And it wasn't that Draco wasn't confident, just when it came to certain things he lacked it. One of the things being his body pressed against Harry Potter's in the middle of the street. In the middle of the street where everyone could see how imperfect he was next to the man. Not that they couldn't notice, there was a lot more of Draco than before but still he felt better when he couldn't feel Harry's practically perfect stupid body pressed against his own, he felt everyone noticed the difference. Everyone saw it. Harry wrapped both arms around Draco's waist and leant forward to give him a kiss. The blonde froze, his eyes growing wide before Harry's lips met his. "Potter, stop," Draco growled and jerked back with a huge step. He moved so fast he knew his tummy jostled but that was the last thing on his mind because he also stepped off the sidewalk and when he did that his heel landed in the small dip of curb and he started falling backwards. Harry was quicker and he had both of his hands out and around Draco so fast it was as if he were expecting the fall. He grabbed one arm of Draco's forearm and the other pressed to his right arm and he pulled him up with a small heave. "Draco," he breathed out as soon as the man was on solid ground again. "What the fuck?" "I..." Draco was flushed with embarrassment, and something else he didn't want to think about. "Are you okay?" Draco nodded, "y-yes." "What is going on, baby?" "Nothing. I have to get to the bank," he took the money bag back and stomped away from Harry across the walkway. Harry looked after him in confusion and sighed quietly, he hung back and didn't go in instead deciding to wait outside the bank for Draco, and when he finally came back out of the bank Harry smiled widely as a greeting having decided to ignore Draco's strange mood. "What's the smile for Potter?" "Well, love, I was wondering if you had any plans for the weekend?" "Why?" Harry shrugged, slipping his arm around his lower back as they walked, "I was thinking if you didn't have plans if we could go do something? Together? Like not with Neville at my place." Draco glanced at him, his eyes wide, "oh?" "I was just thinking... maybe you'd like to go with me on a weekend trip?" Harry shrugged, "extended weekend trip, I mean, since you don't tend to go in on Mondays." "You work on Mondays?" "I took this Monday off. In hopes you'd say yes." "To a weekend with you?" "Sounds like a prize, mm?" Harry leaned over and nuzzled his cheek, "doesn't it?" "Once again that ego of yours." Draco rolled his eyes, putting his hands in his jacket pockets. "So, is that a yes?" Harry asked excitedly, "I was thinking we could go on a wine tour or something." "Potter I have been everywhere. Literally." Draco said dryly, "wine isn't all that great." Harry grinned, "I don't really care for wine." "Then...?" Harry shrugged and turned to face Draco, pushing him against the stone building they were passing. "We could go anywhere you want Malfoy. Three days just us?" "We don't have to go anywhere. Just tell Longbottom to leave." "I'm a better friend than that." "It's been a month Potter, I think it's okay to be a shitty friend at that point." Harry grinned, "some place warm? With a beach?" Draco grimaced, a beach? Heat? Sweating... "The colder, the better." He answered quietly, "Antarctica is fine." "That's not very sexy..." Harry frowned. "...I haven't been there, before." "How am I supposed to be sexy when I'm fully clothed?" Draco arched a brow, "no idea Potter, but we could just stay here." "I like the phrase we ." He answered softly and brushed Draco's long hair back. "Of course you do, Potter," Draco answered with a slight sniff, "we have my place by the way, no Longbottom at all." Harry smirked, "alright, we have your place. You're not going to kick me out tomorrow afternoon are you?" "I'll try not to," Draco answered, "no promises though, sometimes you're annoying. Especially after a whole day." "I'm not leaving until Tuesday, so you'll have to get over it, Malfoy." Draco tilted his head, "you already had a place picked out didn't you?" "I might have," Harry said truthfully, "but it's fine, honestly." "Where?" "St. Lucia, someone was talking about it at work Monday. They went for a Honeymoon, or something. Anyway, they told me some really great things and had some great pictures, it's mostly Muggle infested of course but with everything to do they said they barely noticed." "St. Lucia, as in the Island?" Draco fought down the grimace working its way on his face, "it's warm there?" "Yeah, a little." Harry shrugged, "not too bad, they said it averaged 30 Celsius. I don't think that's too warm." Draco nodded, "yeah, not too bad." Still bad. "So, did I change your mind?" Harry