A/N: Because I love my beta, sweet heart and best girl ever I went ahead and wrote her another addition to my "So Last..." series. This is becoming something more than I imagined it would and I don't hate it! Warnings: Hints at feedism. Chubby!Draco *wiggles eyebrows*. I don't own the world, or anything that is part of it, if I did I- Honestly, Draco would have more than one cat. Let's get that out of the way. Draco kne w he over slept the moment he woke, it was dark. Too dark. He stretched slightly feeling the curve of his back arch and the muscles in his leg give a slight restraint before relaxing and he laid back still again. He heard a quiet meow from next to him and reached out instinctively, feeling the long hair of his cat as he pet him, her small nose nudging his hand, then he froze. Did Potter take me home?! Draco flashed his eyes open and sat up, startling Priscilla to her feet as well before another meow followed. Draco didn't even hear it, he looked around the dark room, seeing the door closed and hearing a soft buzzing noise before feeling a cool breeze, what is that?! He quickly realized this wasn't his house, and then thought just as quickly, how'd the fuck did Priscilla get in here? Harry wasn't next to him or near but he could hear something in another room and decided to get up, still not even sure what time it was. Priscilla meowed as Draco stood and he pulled her to his arms petting her as he opened the door. She snuggled in against his chest and he headed down the stairs. No lights were on, but he heard a soft noise from the bottom floor and assumed it was the TV they had watched movies on, Draco took little time to realize he was still just in his t-shirt and boxers from after their shower when he ended up on the first floor and found a soft light flooding in from the kitchen. "I bet he'll love you went and got his cat," he heard Neville say and looked down at Priscilla who was purring against his shoulder. "Couldn't have her going hungry. I don't think he intended to fall asleep." He could hear the smile in Harry's voice. "Well I'd say, he's been asleep since 1 yesterday, he must have been tired." Draco blinked a few times, since 1 yesterday?! It must be morning. Draco took a nervous step down the hallway that would lead to the kitchen and peeked in after a moment, his eyes fell on Harry's bare back, finding him in just a towel with messy hair as he leaned for the bar top that had the Daily Prophet opened and sprawled out in front of him. Neville was nursing a mug of tea, and reading a magazine that Draco recognized was The Quibbler. "Luna and that Zoologist are getting married," he spoke over the mug, "can you imagine that wedding?" "Probably have animals everywhere. It'll be easy to buy for at least," Harry responded and Draco could see his smile flashed as he turned slightly, "good for them though, he's a cute bloke too." "Yeah, I thou-." Neville cut off as he saw Draco and flashed a smile at the blonde, "morning Malfoy!" Draco took a slow breath and turned slightly, "h-hi?" "Draco!" Harry laid the prophet down and turned around, holding the towel up with one hand as he smiled at Draco. "Good morning!" "H-hi." Draco started again, feeling a bit nervous, and stayed hidden behind the wall just peering around, his cat jumping down and meowing at Harry, "why is Priscilla here?" "Figured she was lonely," Harry shrugged bending slightly to pet her, then he pointed at the counter where a white plate sat next to an open can of food, "I fed her too, when I woke up." Draco nodded slowly, watching Priscilla saunter off with a meow leaving Draco and Harry looking at each other while Neville turned into The Quibbler quietly. "What are you doing?" "It's Monday," Harry answered, grabbing his coffee mug and taking a long, hot drink, "I have work." He smirked at Draco as he said it and turned to the cabinet pouring the blonde a glass of hot, black coffee. "Oh, right," Draco frowned, still pressed to the wall and hiding even as Harry held out the mug, watching him. "Sleep well?" He nodded, staying quiet, then dragged his eyes away and to Neville who was so engrossed in the article he was reading he didn't even look at the two. "No coffee?" Harry asked, frowning and sat the mug down on the counter before walking towards him, "you okay, still tired? Do you feel fine?" "I'm fine." Draco answered, narrowing his eyes slightly and stepping back from the wall. "Why?" "You're hiding?" Harry eyed him and leaned towards him, giving his arm a small tug, "I wasn't sure what time you usually went to the shop?" "I don't on Mondays." Draco answered, and looked towards Harry's living room seeing Priscilla on the couch, "uhm, I'm off." "Oh?" Harry quirked a brow, "perks of being the boss." "I've always been the boss," Draco answered tilting his head slightly as if to say he's always had those perks. Harry's smirk stayed in place, "hm..." he pulled Draco against his chest and wrapped both arms round him in a tight hug, "is that so?" "Why are you wearing a towel?" Draco asked when he was pressed against the man. "I hadn't dressed after we showered," Harry shrugged, and pressed his lips to Draco's forehead, who gave him a small nuzzle. "I should get dressed, c'mon." "You don't need me to help you get dressed, Potter." "No, not really," Harry agreed with a shrug, keeping his arms around him tightly. "But I like you being this sleepy..." he smirked and rocked the blonde slightly. "I'm not sleepy." Draco muttered with a defiant frown, still pressed against Harry. The man grinned, "I will carry you, Draco." "Carry me?!" Draco jerked back, only all too aware of how high pitched his voice sounded as he exclaimed the words and then how close Neville was to the two of them. "I can walk just fine Potter." Draco answered stiffly and turned around trying his best to pull off confident as he marched ahead of him. Knowing he was doing a poor job of it as pulled on his shirt and practically ran up the stairs ahead of Harry. Harry frowned, part of him, and maybe it was childish, was hoping Draco'd wake up all relaxed and confident. He had hoped the man would wake up and march down stairs and demand attention. Instead he had hid. Quite literally pressed himself against a wall and hid. When Harry made it up the stairs he found Draco practically dressed again. He was wearing his jeans and grabbing the hoodie he had worn over the day before when Harry pushed the door open. "You don't have to leave, Malfoy?" "Well..." "You can stay." Harry shrugged, "what're you gonna do? Burn my house down?" "No?" "So, you can stay?" Harry shrugged and Draco pulled the hoodie over himself, "just an offer, no reason to get too serious on me." He added when Draco turned away, and dropped his towel walking over to the closet, "so you don't work on Mondays?" "Or Wednesday unless she needs help, of course, which isn't often anymore. She'll be a great predecessor when I get older." Draco answered fondly, and sat himself on the edge of the bed looking for his socks. Harry stepped out of the closet, pulling a button up over his arms and smiled at Draco, "did you sleep well?" "I think so," Draco answered and offered a small shrug, "sorry I slept so long." "Funny thing, I don't mind." Harry leaned forward and placed his hands on both sides of the bed leaning towards Draco, who gave off an intense smell of mint and Harry assumed he had taken a moment to fully collect himself before he got into the room, and pressed his lips to his cheek. "I am glad you slept," Harry whispered while kissing the other cheek. He gave the man a nudge until he leaned back, joining him by straddling his lap, "not so glad you were in such a hurry to get dressed." "Potter," Draco said in what sounded like a scold, which was quickly silenced when Harry ran a hand over his face softly, stroking his cheek, and then down his clothed torso. "I wanted cuddles and comfort this morning." "Should have been up here," Draco responded finally getting a hint of confidence back, clearing his throat, "not my fault." "Mm," Harry had shifted and his hips pressed against Draco's belly, which the blonde wanted to ignore but it was impossible with the way Harry took such absolute care to caress his belly in a way that reminded him it was there. "You're being extra difficult this morning, Draco Malfoy, what's wrong?" "I am not," the blonde was flushed and irritated, glaring up at Harry while pushing his hoodie back down as Harry pushed it up. "Stop touching me!" Harry dropped his hands and frowned, "what is the matter? I thought...?" "Did it hurt?" Draco huffed with a scowl, feeling his heart sink the moment Harry frowned flashing his eyes to Draco's. He could see a small glimmer of hurt before Harry forced a small smile. "Not too much, no," Harry responded, still sitting on his lap and still pressing his hips to his stomach, "I'm glad you slept well, Malfoy, it really shows." Draco rolled his eyes and shifted slightly, pushing at Harry's waist. "Where do you think you're going?" "Home." "No," Harry shook his head, still holding him down, "you should join me for breakfast." And as he said it, placing a hand over his own flat stomach, he frowned deeply again. "Are you hungry?" He whispered and Draco would have normally been bothered by the question. Instead as he watched the worry flash across Harry's face he wasn't bothered by it because part of him realized it was real concern and probably related to the fact he hadn't eaten since yesterday morning around ten, they were approaching 24 hours. Draco checked his wrist watch on instinct, it was 5 in the morning after all. He shrugged, as much as he wanted to say no, he was and after a second more he nodded slowly. Harry smiled and got off of his lap buttoning his shirt quickly while he walked back into the closet and came out hopping into a pair of socks, "your cat hates me, by the way." "I told you she only wanted attention." Draco watched him with minor amusement and saw Harry forcing himself into his shoes, he looked like a kid in a candy shop. "What did she do?" "Scratched me when I tried to hold you." Draco laughed quietly, nodding, "yeah, she's like that." Harry paused, eyeing Draco a moment, "have men in your bed often, Draco?" Malfoy climbed to his feet, pushing his hand through his hair so it fell mostly flat against his scalp only a few strands hanging in his face and Harry couldn't help but think as he studied him that he looked absolutely perfect with his face encased by the white blonde fly-away strands now that it wasn't tried back and proper as he so often wore it. "You're not my first, Potter," Draco said while adjusting his hoodie, and grabbed his wand from the bedside table, "ready to go?" "Almost," Harry watched him a moment longer before moving to tuck his shirt into his dark, fitted jeans and flashed a smile at the man, "alright Princess," he took his hand despite the fact Draco rolled his eyes and led the two