A/n : Hey Party People! Uploading two stories today, the weekend kinda got away from me and I lost track of the day. BUT OH WELL. Enjoy~ Warnings : Grief, mentions of death and coping, Brief : Modern/Non-Magic AU where Draco calls a grief hotline after Astoria dies and ends up talking with someone he knows . I don't own or having relation to this world. "Hello?" Draco felt the warmth wash over him from the voice, a voice that sounded safe and secure. A voice that held him together even as he wanted to fall apart. Even as he was. Why else would he be on the phone with a grief hotline? "Hello? Can you hear me?" Draco waited a moment longer, letting the voice grab at him then he let out a quiet breath and found himself unable to talk. "I can hear you, you don't have to talk." Draco cried, he knew it was loud. It sounded broken but the words were failing him, "hey, there is no reason to try and talk." They continued, "I do have to ask, are you in immediate danger right now?" "No." "Good, are you in a safe place? A place safe for us to have a conversation I mean?" "Yes." "Good, good. You can talk whenever you want sir, there is absolutely no hurry." The line was quiet as Draco grabbed at his blanket in the dark of his room and he stayed still sobbing into the blanket. "I shouldn't have called," he finally said and he wasn't sure how long it had gone on but immediately the person was back. "You don't have to stay on the line if you don't want to sir, we're always here." "I feel weak." There was no response, and Draco wondered if that was because he didn't have a script for that or maybe because he agreed, "I should be strong, I knew she was sick." "Do you want to talk about that?" "No." "Would you like to talk about anything?" "I don't know." "Would you like to tell me your name?" "No." "Okay," there was a quietness that always sounded after his voice and Draco clung to it. "Are you busy?" "You have my complete and undivided attention, sir." Draco wiped the tears away, even as fresh ones followed, his voice coming out gurgled and lost in his throat, "why can't I hear anything on the other end?" "We have very good mics sir, to keep the outside noise down." And once again the quiet filled his receiver, "would you rather I talk, or do you want the quiet?" "How long do you do this? Pretend you are interested in this conversation?" Draco asked, his tears were subsiding the more he talked about nothing in particular. "I am interested in this conversation, I am interested in you." The voice responded, "is there anything I can do to help you sir?" "No, you can't bring her back." As he said it he expected new tears to fall but they didn't, it had finally stopped, "she was sick, I knew this but I fell in love with her anyway." "I'm sorry." "It just happened..." "What just happened?" Draco let out a quiet laugh, it sounded dry and made his throat sore, "her dying, we've only just buried her last week." "Oh," he answered, "would you like to tell me about her?" "She was my wife." He looked down at his left ring finger as he said it, "I... the sheets still smell like her." He whispered, "she's supposed to be here, but she's not." "I'm sorry, sir, so very sorry for your loss." Draco laid quiet on the bed, clutching the blanket, "I've a child to raise." "Sir, I have to ask is your child safe?" "Yes. He's in school, boarding school now. He went this morning." Draco felt the tears at that, and shook his head, "I'm alone." He said quietly, through the thickness in his voice, "I'm absolutely alone." "I'm here, for you. We'll always be here anytime you need to talk." "I should be stronger, I was raised to be stronger." Draco whispered into the phone, rocking to his back, "w-wh-what would you do?" "I don't know, I'm divorced." "Why?" The voice on the other end hesitated, it was audible the way he let out a quiet broken sigh, "I was a terrible husband." "I shouldn't have asked," Draco responded immediately. "It's okay, I just never said it out loud," he chuckled quietly and then the silence was wrapping around Draco again. "I should go, I'm sorry for wasting your time." "You didn't, you haven't." The man answered, "I want to make sure you are okay, and that you feel safe." "What are the odds I'll get you again, if I were to call back?" "Slim," the voice answered, "we have multiple volunteers, the chances are slim." "Can I have a few more minutes?" Draco asked in response, cuddling his blanket again and shutting his eyes. "I wish Scorpius was here," Draco said quietly, "he always takes care of me, even when it isn't his job." The other end was quiet for some time and Draco didn't say anything either it was just the absolute silence but somehow it was better than being alone until finally he heard a breath coming through the speaker, "I'm sure you take care of him as well?" "Of course, he's my son. He's all I have left." "I know what you mean," they responded, "my son is very important to me as well." "How old is he?" "16." "Mine too." Draco whispered, "he's at Hogwarts, the boarding school, he won't be home until holiday." "Yeah?" The receiver grew quiet again, "it'll be here sooner than you think." "It's quiet in this old house," Draco answered, "and dark... Thank you for your time." "Of course, if you ever do need to talk again sir, please call us." "I won't," Draco said and sat up, hanging up the phone without another word. I wish I'd never called. Harry looked acro ss the coffee house where he had followed Draco Malfoy into, having spotted the man while he was out shopping. The blonde was sitting at a two-seater table with a paper coffee cup in hand and his legs crossed under the table, Harry didn't know what he was going to say so he continued staring even after his own untouched coffee had gone cold. He wanted to say something, or offer something but he didn't know what to say. It wasn't like the two had been friends in school, of course, he only really knew him because of his name. Malfoy. It carried a lot of weight, almost as much as his own. He really only had started hearing it again recently of course his own son had made quick friends with Draco's son. Scorpius. It was an odd name, one you didn't hear often at all so when Harry had heard it two nights ago at three in the morning during his volunteer shift he knew immediately who the caller was. The voice had sounded familiar and the more he talked about his recently widowed status and then, of course, his son, Harry knew. Practically the whole world knew about his recently widowed status, of course, the whole world knew the Malfoy's. It had been sudden, at least to the outside world, though the other night Malfoy had mentioned of course knowing she had been sick. I fell in love with her anyway... He had said to Harry, or the volunteer. If Harry had to put money down on the odds of him admitting that to anyone else (or at least someone he knew) he figured it'd be very small odds and he could walk away a rich man. The man was seated at the table, and hadn't moved in almost two hours. Barely even a shift and suddenly as Harry studied him he wondered if that was something he and his wife did. Grab coffee and sit there, at that exact table while talking about their days or plans or future or son? And Harry found himself getting to his feet, he threw his cold coffee away and took a deep breath putting on his best smile as he approached. "Malfoy?" He asked coming up next to him, he watched the blonde look up as he said his name and his expression went from vacant to a mask within a second, "hey, I thought that was you!" Draco looked at him a moment longer, cleared his throat and got to his feet, "uh, hey, Potter right?" "Yeah." Harry nodded and offered his hand, "Harry." "Right, Harry Potter." Draco took his hand for a brief moment before nodding to the chair across from him, "uhm, feel free to join me." "Thanks," Harry hesitated a moment before he sat down, "how are you doing?" "Well," Draco answered, sitting straight as he answered, "been a long few weeks, but other than that fine." Harry nodded, wetting his lips as he eyed the man, "I really should have reached out sooner." He started and watched as Draco started narrowing his eyes as if he was daring him to talk about his recently deceased wife, but Harry didn't plan to. He planned to steer clear of the topic, mostly because he didn't trust himself to not mention talking to him just two nights ago about it. "I think our sons are best friends." He said with a smile, leaning against the table. "Is Albus your son?" Draco questioned, "he's a sweet boy, my son is very fond of him." "I have only just learned Scorpius' name, of course, Albus just called him 'my friend' or 'Scorp'." Draco gave a small smile, that fell off after a moment, "Albus has been spending nights at our house since their 2nd Year," he chuckled, "and I still hadn't realized he was your son." Harry shrugged, "it wasn't like we knew each other in school, of course." Draco nodded in response, staying quiet, "so, he's been staying with you two then?" He attempted to brush over the topic of his wife as smoothly as he could, "Ginny mentioned he'd been spending most of the time with a friend." "We love to have him," Draco smiled, a real one this time that hung around, "my wife and I think he is such a well behaved boy and he makes Scorpius very happy." Harry watched Draco flinch the moment their eyes met again as if just realizing what he had said but he didn't dwell on it, "I wish he was half as good at home." "All children are that way, I suppose." Draco shrugged and shifted in his chair, "I will admit I had wanted him to stay home this year, or at least until holiday break but Albus was rather insistent on the two going back to school. Saying it'd be good for Scorpius, smart kid you have, Potter." Harry smiled softly, "yeah, he's not too bad most days. I remember loving school that much, though, Albus I think only likes it because of your son." Draco tilted his head, and took a drink of his coffee, "well, us Malfoy's have always been leaders." He said it softly, like it was a joke, like he was laughing at himself and part of Harry wondered if he was. If he was laughing at what the man had called weakness just two nights ago on the phone. "I do need to get going, Potter," he added and pushed himself to his feet, reaching out his hand again once Harry stood. Harry could feel the cool metal of his wedding ring as he took his hand, "sure." "Albus mentioned you and his mother were divorced?" Draco said quietly, and when Harry met his look part of him was a little irritated that he would bring it up seeing as Harry went out of his way to avoid