A/n: Back at it again with the Cross My Heart A/U! Welcome back, or welcome first timers. If you are a first timer just gotta know they are married, have a son they adopted named Tristan and uh... That's about it, for vital inforatmion. Feel free to check over the other stories if you want! The older they get the more I imagine Harry keeps his hair in better control, they're 31/32 now. So Harry's hair I am picturing more Jon Hamm style, longer on the top/shorter on the sides, better control still kinda messy and very manageable (Side note: Jon Hamm played in a show with Daniel Radcliff, which is great in and of itself.) And Draco? His glorious hair much longer I'm thinking Chris Hemsworth shoulder length hair. A bit untamed most of the time he's home but easily put in place. I can't imagine Draco with short hair only long, sexy, uncontrollable waves most of the time. Warnings: Smut. Eyyyy. Dom!Harry/Sub!Draco. A/U. DracoxHarry. Ya all already know I don't own these boys or the world they live in, I do own the way my mind loves mushing them together. And I'm not even ashamed. May 2012 Draco st ood in the middle of the living room, Harry was talking with the nanny they had decided upon up in small Tristan's room. Draco paced in front of the fire place his hands wringing together he heard the knock on the door and glanced over, "come in." He called, knowing it would be Hermione and Ron. And sure enough Hermione's smoothed hair peeked in before stepping in, "hey Dray," she grinned walking towards him, where the man was still pacing back and forth in front of the fire place. "Hi," he spoke with a quiet voice, "Harry's talking with the nanny." "Are you okay, mate?" Ron asked with a quirked brow, watching Draco give a stiff nod, "what's wrong?" "Tristan," he answered shoving his hand through his hair effectively making it messier, "how about we order in," Draco asked suddenly, "I don't think it's time to leave him yet." Ron shared a look with Hermione, he could remember the both of them going through this. Though admittedly he was the one that had fretted far more than Hermione. Just like he imagined Harry was more than ready for a night out. "Whatever you want, Draco," Hermione started and slipped her shawl off. "You can go and get Rose and Hugo, they can come over if you want," Draco added grasping her hand tightly. "It's okay, they're fine. We have a good sitter, it'll be nice to have some adult conversation," she kissed his cheek before nodding towards the kitchen with a smile, "I'll get us some wine." "Sure, help yourselves," he nodded, "I'll go tell Harry about the change in pla-." "You'll tell me what?" Harry was standing in the door way, pulling his jacket on, "Sarah is all squared away up there, rocking him to sleep right now." Ron was shaking his head behind Draco, and Harry eyed him curiously, "she's rocking him? I already did that!" Draco snapped and blew out a huff of air, apparating out of the room and to the nursery within a moments notice. Not that he needed to it was only 12 stairs up and the first door on the left, but it was faster. He appeared in the middle of the room, the young witch jumped with wide eyes and let out a startled squeal. Draco reached out scooping Tristan from her, "there's been a change of plans, Miss Hoax, Harry will still pay you for taking the time out of your day to be here. Thank you," he gave a nod to the door, before turning to his baby and cooing at him quietly, nuzzling their faces together, "there's my baby, daddy missed you." Harry was standing in the doorway of the den staring at Ron in question, Hermione coming back in with two beers and two glasses of wine, "we're gonna order in," she explained handing a beer to Ron and holding out a glass of wine to Harry, "Draco's still too nervous to go out," she explained and looked around before setting his beer on the side table, "where is Draco?" "Harry mentioned the nanny was rocking Tristan and he apparated up there to take over," Ron chuckled and eased down into a seat, taking a slug of his beer. "Oh, Harry," Hermione shook her head, "you're gonna have to take it slower with that man." "He's 3 months old, and Sarah is very much capable..." Harry muttered, shaking his head, "I miss time with just my husband." He said quietly and dropped his jacket taking a sip of wine. "Mr. Potter," Sarah spoke up coming into view, "I only wanted to say good night, Mr. Potter - upstairs, mentioned paying me but its not a bother," she explained, "you all have a good night." Harry held up a hand before pulling out his wallet, "no, honestly, thanks for coming over. One of these days you'll have to work for this money," he teased with a wink, the young witch laughed quietly, "enjoy your weekend," he added when she turned to leave. "How many times...?" "Four now, he's almost four months old. I think that is okay for a few hours away from us, I mean he'll probably be sleeping and won't even notice." Harry shrugged and sat on the couch next to Ron, "anyway, what would you all like to order? I'm starved." Draco was coming down the stairs, Tristan had fallen asleep as Harry said he would and was sleeping in his bed, he pushed his hair back in place before coming back into the room picking up the beer on the end table knowing it was more than likely his as Ron already had one. "He's asleep," he said by way of greeting and avoided each of their faces, "so dinner?" "We were just discussing how about Chinese?" Hermione looked over, "you and me are going to run out and get it." "W-well..." Draco glanced at the stairs then back at Hermione, "okay." "Harry's quite capable," she said with a quiet voice, "and if he messes up you have over-worried father Ron to take your place." Draco glanced at the red head who chuckled, rolling his eyes. "Don't go swapping me out for someone else Potter." "Wouldn't dream of it," Harry smiled wiggling his eyebrows and pushed up to his feet, giving Draco a kiss on the cheek, "now go get my food! I'm hungry." "As you demand, Prince Potter," Draco glared before following Hermione to the door. Tristan ha d just woke when Hermione and Ron decided to leave four hours later, the four having been pulled into a bored game, and of course Draco was up the stairs to take care of him the moment he cried. Harry showed his friends to the door, stepping outside with them glancing up the road to their house, "safe travels," he joked. "I think we'll manage," Ron slipped his arm over Hermione's shoulders, "we'll see you guys later." "I am sure we'll cross paths tomorrow," Harry chuckled shoving his hands into the pockets of his pants. Hermione leaned forward kissing his cheek, "thanks for coming over." "Anytime," she grinned and leaned against Ron, who was smiling and kissing her forehead. Harry headed back inside taking his time to clean up their dishes and trash before grabbing his wand and heading upstairs to join Draco he found the blonde laying on the floor of Tristan's room singing quietly as they played with a stuffed animal, Tristan on his stomach. "He hates that," Harry commented from the doorway. "I know, most babies do. It's called tummy time, they have to do it to learn to crawl and push themselves up," Draco explained, as if Harry didn't know but the brunette didn't care how many times Draco would tell him. He loved hearing it - he loved hearing anything that made the man smile like he was right now. "Come here, Harry Potter." Harry smiled and dropped down to his knees joining the two of the ground, he laid before Tristan sticking his tongue out at his smiling son, "hey there baby, did you sleep good?" Draco smiled at the two, holding his hair back before kissing Tristan's head, "he was hungry," he commented, "drank all 5 ounces." Harry grinned, "growing boy, he's going to have his father's body." Draco rolled his eyes, "you're so humble." A smirk spread across the Gryffindor's face, "I can't remember a single time you didn't enjoy running that tongue of yours along every part of my body Draco Potter." Draco, with a red face and goosebumps on his arms, gasped, "Harry Potter! Our son is right there!" "So he is," Harry whispered quietly, and leaned forward kissing his forehead before reaching out and pulling him to his arms as he rolled to his back and held him above his head, where the boy smiled and let out a small giggle, his arms out in front of him making gripping hands. "So he is," Harry cooed, "so he is." Draco smiled and stood up, "I'm gonna take a shower, you two be good." "Draco," Harry looked over after laying Tristan to his chest and covered his ears carefully, giving his husband a pointed look. "I have plans for you tonight, mister, you better be all sorts of ready when I get in there." Draco's eyes widened slightly and reached out with a small shake of his hand and grabbed the door handle pulling it close. Harry laughed and dropped his hands from Tristan's ears smiling at the baby boy, "whatever am I going to do with your daddy," he mused sitting up and grabbed a toy that sang, turning it on. An hou r and a half later Draco was growing anxious, he worse a t-shirt and a pair of boxers knowing full well that Harry would much rather he be naked, but sometimes Draco enjoyed pushing the limits of his dominate husband. He was eyeing the door uneasily not at all sure when Harry would make his way in, and many times he had almost pulled it open to go see if Tristan was okay though he knew that was just an excuse to find Harry. He sat on the edge of the boy, his leg bouncing up and down quickly before he jumped back to his feet, "oh piss," he growled to himself and threw the door open almost screaming when he saw Harry was standing there. That was quite the understatement, Harry was leaning against the door frame with his shoulder and a smirk, waiting and looking every bit of the sexy dominate man Draco was helplessly in love with. "Going somewhere?" Harry asked with a raised brow. "Just checking on... y-you," Draco whispered his hand still covering his mouth from when he had stopped his scream. "Why on Earth would I need to be checked on?" Harry mused with a grin, and reached out for the blonde pulling him against his chest for a kiss. "I have you all to myself, now," Harry whispered against his lips without pulling back, "our beautiful son is fast asleep, all tuckered out from playing. And our friends are gone," he opened his eyes watching Draco's as he pulled back to see them flutter open and dilate slowly - he loved that look, "and you're all mine Draco." Draco focused on Harry and swallowed quietly, trying to save some face he smarted off, "that's what you think." Harry chuckled and slid his thumb along those soft, pink lips before slipping just the tip between them, "mm," he hummed leading him backwards and shutting the door behind them. He paused to turn on the baby monitor, "it's been so long, baby," Harry whispered walking him back to the bed. Draco was practically panting, because he