A/N: From my Cross My Heart A/U but don't need to read the original to enjoy. [I imagine Draco has Brad Pitt style hair circa 2008 (Curious Case of Benjamin Button) and Harry has Chace Crawford style hair circa 2008, as well, (Haunting of Molly Hartley)] Sirius lived, probably won't be too important for this A/U world but it is mentioned - don't freak out. Summary: Draco and Harry are married and happy and.. really, what wouldn't he do for him? ALSO IS THE PAST TENSE OF APPARITION ... APPARATED OR APPARITED? HELP. Warnings: Slash. Cross dressing? Because fun. Only a little. I promise. Oh.. as I am writing I think, "should I warn Dom!Harry/Sub!Draco?" I'm going to. A/U. DracoxHarry. I don't own Harry Potter or the likes, if I did Draco would *BE THE HYPE* (Sorry. I've been watching too much DBZ lately. TFS IS LIFE.) 31 July 2011 Harry's nose scrunched in horror as he went running into the house a billow of dark smoke wafting out the door when he threw it opened before sprinting through it and into the smoke, "DRACO?" The blonde in question was standing in the middle of the kitchen, hands on his hips and a big frown as he stared down at the oven. "Draco what are you doing?!" He yelled staring as he pulled out his wand, clearing the smoke and smell to get a better look at what was going. Draco was glaring at the stove, "I can brew Felix Felicis, Draught of the Living Death," he started, throwing his hands in the air, "a perfect fucking Amortentia, hell even a fucking Invisiblity Potion, Potter and... I can't bake a god damn cake?" "A cake?" "A cake," Draco's frown grew and he flopped over into the chair, looking down at his notes while Harry pulled the cake out of the oven and sat it in the sink using his wand to get rid of the blackened baked good. "I don't know what I'm doing wrong," the blonde was complaining, "it's for your damn birthday! A fucking cake because the other day you were going on and on about how much you love cake so I was going to make you a cake but I can't make a cake." Draco looked up suddenly his face red with a mixture of anger and embarrassment, steel grey eyes matched the green ones that were looking at him with a smile, "what if I... make you all those potions?!" He suggested excitedly, jumping up, "forget the bloody cake, I'll make you potions - all the hardest ones." Harry laughed, saving his eye roll, "I don't need a cake Draco and I don't need a set of potions either." Draco frowned, "it's not for you Potter, it's for me." "I thought it was for my birthday?" Draco didn't save his eye roll, and he turned away from Harry to jerk the cook book off the table, "I'm going to Hermione's. She'll understand." "You're going to spend my birthday at Hermione and Ron's?" Draco gave a sigh, then reached out his hand as soon as Harry grabbed it he apparated both on them landing on the front step, he reached out knocking on the door before looking over at Harry with a raised brow, "hm?" Harry pulled him close, giving him a kiss, "you have flour on your button up and it's cute." "Happy Birthday, Potter," Draco whispered against his lips before the door was pulled open and screams of 'surprise!' met their ears. Draco winked, stepping back and giving the stunned Harry a nudge forward. "Oh Merlin!" Harry exclaimed, his face lit up and bright as he looked around smiling widely heading inside. Draco stayed back a bit and sneaked into the kitchen, once Harry was being passed around, taking his wand out to clean and gather himself up before pouring himself and Harry each a drink. He poured a glass of fire whiskey, and a glass of red wine for Harry heading towards the living room where everyone was. "Draco?" Hermione called, peeking into her kitchen then smiled at Draco once she saw him. "I killed the cake," he frowned, "did you make the back up?" "I got it." She laughed, reaching out to hug him, "he was surprised! You didn't tell him." Draco laughed, walking with her to the front room, "I don't give into him nearly as much as he would have you believe." "I doubt that," Hermione rolled her eyes, Draco cleared his throat to hide his blush. "..so, I come running into the house filled with black smoke and Draco is just standing there with his hands on his hips watching it burn," Harry laughed openly, his face red from his excitement, "and he looked at me and said, 'fuck the cake, can I make you potions instead?'" Draco groaned, his eyebrow lifted as he looked at Harry a smirk hiding his laugh, "it was a very obvious ploy, Potter," he answered his laughing husband before handing him the wine. George laughed, slipping his arm around Draco's shoulder, "we all know you're a master Potion's brewer Malfoy, no need to get haughty." "Hey!" Harry exclaimed seriously, "I married him, his name is Potter now." "I thought I told you not to call me that," Draco laughed, and leaned forward out of George's grasp to kiss him Harry smiled, ignoring the titters as they kissed and snaked his arm around the blonde's waist to hold him close, "I know, I know. Draco or nothing at all." "Uncky Dray!" Rose screamed, interrupting their moment as she came running towards them, she pried Harry away from the blonde before wrapping herself around Draco tightly. "Rosie!" Draco said excitedly, downing his drink before he bent and picked her up. "I got Uncle Harry a present!" She exclaimed excitedly, half whispering at Draco before peering at Harry, "can you help me?" "Sure," Draco excused himself, heading up the stairs as he carried her, "where is my favorite Nephew?" "He's sleeping! Let's wake him!" Rose yelled excitedly and the sound of her pattering feet went across the floor. "Why is Hugo sleeping?" Ron asked suddenly, standing up and checking his watch, "it's 5 o'clock, why is he sleeping..." the panic started in his voice as he ran up the stairs after them. Hermione laughed quietly, shaking her head, "Molly want to help me get the table set up?" Harry took a seat on the edge of the couch, taking a sip of his wine and smiled at the others around him falling into conversation with George about his son's, Fred, life in a muggle school turning into a more in depth conversation with Dean, Ginny, Angela, Ron and Arthur about the muggle school system. Harry was a little tipsy as he leaned against the table. Dean, Blaise, Ron, George and him laughing loudly at some joke the next door neighbor was telling, he had seen the party and came over to check it out which Hermione loved and quickly invited him in. Pansy and Ginny were talking about baby shower dates so they didn't clash, as they were both expecting, and Hermione was taking notes when the conversation directed to Draco, "so when should we expect a baby from the Draco and Harry story?" Ginny asked giving a small smile to the blonde. "A baby?" He laughed, shaking his head, "probably never." "Oh?" Hermione asked, her brow furrowing, "I thought it was decided - adopting?" "Well, I don't want to raise a child in Italy," Draco started and shrugged, leaning forward to pick up his glass, "we're 31 years old at this point it might be better to just enjoy each other." Pansy rolled her eyes, "I'm 31 as well, Dray, and I'm having a child." He laughed quietly, "I'm terrified to even talk to Harry about children," he added, "it's no secret how much he dislikes the idea of them." "Oh he does great with Rosie and Hugo," Ginny grinned, rubbing her belly, "I mean he asked you to marry him with the notion you were going to have children - right?" Draco smiled softly, "I suppose he did." Hermione smiled at Draco and reached over to pat his hand, "just ask him babe, just talk to him." "I will." "Baby!" Harry screamed suddenly, the sound of the chairs scrapped in his wake and he came traipsing into the room, the others following behind him with snickers, "they don't believe me!" He started whining dropping to his knees before Draco. "Shh," Draco stared, running his fingers through Harry's hair, "and stop." "No they don't believe me!" He exclaimed, frowning deeply at the other. "What?" Hermione asked, looking over at Ron who was laughing like crazy. "Tell them, right now!" Harry demanded at the same time Hermione asked. "No," Draco shook his head at his friend before looking over at the other guys, "and yes, you should believe him." "Ha!" Harry exclaimed, jerking around quickly, stumbling forward on his knees to look at the others. "It's mmmmm yyyyy bedroom." "Oooooh.." Hermione laughed, her face flushing, then she looked at Draco with a raised eyebrow, "how did you know?" Draco shook his head, "for one he's drunk, with a bunch of guys and for two the only thing Proud Potter gets worked up over is his ego getting shut down." "That's a visual, honestly," George laughed quietly, covering his mouth as he chuckled, "Draco the submissive." "Honestly," Hermione snapped at the others, "that is enough drinking tonight." "More than that, that's enough Harry too," Draco stood up and snapped his fingers, "get up Potter." Harry pushed off the floor, sticking his tongue out at the others as he headed to get his coat, and Draco shot a smirk at Pansy, "I already have a child to look after." The girls chuckled, and Draco bent giving Hermione a kiss, "thank you for coming." "Thank you for having us, we will see you tomorrow." Draco stood and smiled at everyone left, "thank you all so much for helping Harry celebrate his birthday - not thanks so much for his drunkenness." He joined Harry at the door who was leaning against the wall trying to zip up his coat, Draco chuckled quietly and reached out helping him zip his coat up, "c'mon Potter, let's get you home." "Ok, baby," Harry answered, gripping Draco tightly as the blonde apparated them both to their house. Once back in Italy, the two of them being ushered inside by Draco who was practically carrying Harry through the door and over to the flat area their bed was on, under the stairwell, setting him on the bed. "Where you going?" Harry's voice was loud, thick with drink as he grabbed for Draco who was taking a step back, "I'll be right back, let me get you a sobering potion, Har." "No, no," Harry shook his head and laid back on the bed, "I want to be drunk." Draco lifted an eyebrow, "do you?" "I do," Harry nodded, his feet tapping on the ground as he laid back. "Then I better grab a hangover cure, for tomorrow, get comfortable - I'll be back in a second." Draco chuckled to himself, peeking over at the other. Harry was playing with his fingers, stretching out his arms above his head, "Dray," he giggled before the other could walk away, "wear a skirt for me tonight?" "A... what?" "A skirt," Harry was speaking to the ceiling. A skirt? Draco blinked at his husband, what the fuck..? "I'll be back in a second." He hurried up the stairs to his apothecary table, getting the hangover cure and a glass of water before going back down stairs, when he got to the bottom of the stairs he saw Harry was moved sideways up the bed, almost naked his pants at his knees and his legs trying to kick off the pants. He sat the water and the potion down on the