A/N: This is a *pretty* fluffy fic (but this is also me we're talking about...). Won't be too long and mostly no type of actual point. Just a fic about Draco and Harry, relationship drama and trying to find yourself. Post-war, main story will take place at age 28+ WARNING: Slash. Attack. Uh. Ye. COMPLETELY A/U. DracoxHarry. I don't own Harry Potter or the world, Draco'd be a sub if I did. 6 May 2001 The mud squished beneath the boots of the worker as he stomped through the muddy and grassless field, it had been raining for at least a week straight, and shook his soaked blonde hair to try and get it unplastered from his face. "'Ey D, someone is looking for you," a man said passing by the opposite direction, "the boss man told me to tell you." He added and gave a nod as he traipsed pass a few flecks of mud splashed up and came into contact with the others face and neck. The young male hurried on, flinching when a crash of thunder shook over the field. He looked behind him to see the remodeling of the bridge shake before stilling, "that's all it's gonna take, just one more big clash of thunder and this is all gonna come tumbling down." A worker grumbled to his friend as they passed in a run towards the makeshift shelter and coffee hut. The door was flung open and he followed them inside, ducking into the warm hut looking over towards the boss' door, seeing it shut. He stopped and poured himself a cup of coffee, and after adding a spoon of sugar to it he reached out knocking on the door and peering in. Moreno, the boss, gave a nod and wave and he pulled the door open stepping into the dim lit room while taking a drink of the hot coffee. "Hey D," Moreno started and nodded towards two men dressed in robes, "these guys are here to ask you some questions?" "Draco Malfoy?" One said stepping forward, and Draco narrowed his eyes looking over the bright red hair with a quirked brow while he swallowed his hot drink. As if this git doesn't know me. Draco gave a strained nod and tilted his head to look behind the Weasley, and almost fell over when he saw Harry Potter standing there, "yeah?" "We have a few questions to ask you, got some place more quiet?" Draco shook his head and looked towards his boss, Moreno stood up, "I'll let you guys have some privacy." He said and walked around the desk, leaving the room. Draco plopped down into the chair next to him, his muscles sagging tiredly as he sat and nursed his cup of coffee. Once the door was closed Ron moved out of the way and leaned against the door, keeping the window blocked and Harry stepped forward. "What the fuck are you guys doing here?" Draco hissed in a venomous tone, his eyes narrowed as he looked between the two. "You're a Death Eater," Harry said matter-of-factly, and stood so he towered over the sitting blonde. "Kicked the habit," Draco answered shortly finishing his coffee and gave a shake of his shaggy and messy hair, it was drying in the overly hot room and sticking to his face. "Wh-what?" Harry quirked a brow and without invitation or warning he grabbed Draco's left arm jerking the sleeve up and sure enough the mark was gone. Draco jerked his arm away from Harry and reached out, his right hand punching Harry in the jaw, "don't fucking touch me," he roared and Harry came flying back at him his hands wrapped around Draco's throat. "Eyy, Harry c'mon mate," Ron was saying about to step forward when Harry dropped his arms. Draco and Harry were glaring at each other, huffing soundlessly then Harry lifted his brow pulling his bright green eyes away from the dark gray ones and scanned Draco's face. "Why are you dirty?" He finally said after a moment. Draco fell back into the chair without much of an answer, "it's called work, ever heard of it?" "What are they building?" Harry asked, ignoring the jab. "A bridge, the last of the repairs from the war," Draco answered nonchalantly, "after this bridge we will have repaired everything in the muggle world." Harry blinked, Ron and him sharing a look, "so anything else?" Draco interrupted their silent conversation and ran his thumb along the dried mud flaking it off his face. Harry gave a brief head shake and turned towards the door as Ron opened it, leaving Draco alone in the office his Auror robes billowing behind him. Draco pushed the sleeve of his flannel back down and gripped the wand he had hidden under his shirt casting a warming charm on himself before he left the office. "Kicked the habit?" Ron asked as the two appeared in front of the Ministry. Ron was honestly disappointed about the fact, he was hoping they could have brought Draco in for questioning over the new forces on their radar. The Ministry couldn't figure out who or what was behind the new attacks around the Wizarding World, Harry's idea had been that maybe it was a new cult and Ron's idea had been it was Death Eaters making a comeback. "Any luck with Malfoy?" "No," Harry shook his head at his dear friend, Hermione, and leaned against the back of his desk. "What do you mean?" "He doesn't have the mark, anymore. He's out." Harry said with a sigh and ran his fingers through his hair before dragging his hands down his face with a huff of a sigh. Hermione raised a brow in question and hummed at the idea, "he's part of a construction crew that is rebuilding the Muggle world." "Draco Malfoy is?" Hermione whispered in disbelief, her mouth popping open. Harry nodded, "he had mud on his face, Hermione.. Like, he's doing manual labor." Harry continued with a furrowed brow, "he was wearing a flannel button up and work boots. His hair is longer too, shaggy almost unkempt." Harry said the furrow of his brow never slackening. Ron looked at Harry in question, "wait... Malfoy is your type?" He couldn't help but smirk at his best mate and laughed loudly when he watched Harry's cheeks flush. "Ronald," Hermione scolded with a smile on her lips, Ron sniggered anyway ignoring his girlfriend as he headed out the door. "Harry you coming over for dinner?" She asked standing and slipping her robes on. Harry looked up and stood straight, glancing over at his desk. "C'mon, you haven't been over in a while please?" "Ginny going?" Harry asked softly as he started picking up files. "Well, yeah, it is her mother's house," Hermione said with a small frown, "no one blames you Harry things happen y'know?" Hermione zipped her jacket, "she'll move on and you'll move on, things will work out, honestly." Harry chuckled at her, "maybe next time," he sat down at the desk, "when she doesn't hate me, for breaking her heart and stuff." Hermione frowned, "alright, Harry, I'll see you Saturday evening." She kissed his forehead before heading towards the door to catch up with Ron. Harry looked down at the files, he had a few reports to file and wanted to finish that before the weekend started for him. 7 May 2001 Draco stared out at the bridge, smiling to himself as the others were jumping for joy. "We did it D!" A man said, throwing his arms around Draco in a tight hug. Draco gave a gruff grunt, before returning the hug, "we did it, man." The two stood with their arms around each other's shoulders looking out through the rain at the bridge together. "It was a lot of work, man." Draco chuckled, "it was, it was." Moreno came up, holding out two envelopes one for Draco and one for the other, "thanks, boss." Draco said pocketing the check in the back pocket of his jeans. "We could use a permanent worker like you, D, whatcha think about that?" Moreno called with a head jerk towards the hut and Draco dropped his arm following as he thought it over, "take some time, we've been working nonstop for 2 years. We're gonna take some much needed time off, give me about a month, okay? Then tell me your answer." Draco nodded, holding the door open to the hut for his boss, "alright, I can do that sir." Moreno nodded, "which bar you going to tonight?" Draco lifted a brow in question, "hm?" "For the parties? I am sure the guys are going to one of the regulars?" Moreno started, "I think I'll head over to Paddy's first, you going to be there?" Draco shrugged, "I'm not sure, sir, I'll think about it." He knew he wouldn't be going, he had other plans. Other things to do, someone to see. Moreno shook his head with a laugh, "it's okay to be friends with us Drake, we've been working together for years." "Yeah, yeah, it's not that." Draco answered in a hurried voice, cringing motionlessly at the way his boss called him Drake the only person in 2 years to call him anything other than D was his boss, "I just have things to take care of, I didn't realize there was plans of a party." He continued in the same hurried tone, "I'll try to make it for sure." Moreno seemed satisfied with that answer and stepped into his office, leaving Draco by the door as the others started trickling in from the rain and grabbing their coats. Draco snuck out the front door and closed his eyes apparating out of there and coming to a stop in front of 12 Grimmauld Place. He looked up at the door and took a slow breath before reaching out to knock on it. He quickly gripped his wand and muttered a drying charm before he tucked the flannel button up into his jeans and adjusted the sweatshirt top he had on as well. His hair was mostly concealed under the dark blue stocking cap only his bangs sticking out and he shoved his hands into his pockets while he waited. Finally the door was pulled open and a small house elf looked up at him, "yes?" Harry? Potter? Harry Potter? Draco stared at the elf contemplating what to call the person he was there to see, then he cleared his throat, "uh.. Potter here?" "Yes, Master Potter is here." The elf answered, Draco felt like he knew that gravelly voice but he couldn't remember his name. "Come in." He stepped back and let Draco into the front room, Draco looked around the cramped front room and decided to take a seat on the couch while he waited watching as the old elf walked up the stairs at an agonizingly slow pace. He groaned and relaxed into the seat, he hadn't been inside of 12 Grimmauld Place in a long time, and even then the only time he had been here had been brief and years ago but he could tell it had been remodeled and looked much better than his memories. He heard feet on the stairs coming down fast and sat up pushing himself to his feet just as Harry came into view in the middle of the room. He was barefoot and shirtless, wearing a pair of unbuttoned jeans. Draco glanced at his wrist watch, 11:56. He turned back to Harry with a lifted brow, "hey," he finally said as the other wasn't making any indication he was going to speak. Harry cleared his throat, "hey." He voice was laced with sleep and he moved to sit in a chair, nodding towards the couch. Draco sat back down, crossing a leg over his knee, "what do yo-?" Draco cut off his question, leaning forward, "why did you come see me yesterday?" "Official Auror business,"