A/n: This is a chubby!Draco fic, so y'know if you don't like it please don't even bother reading it. I just want to say that (and usually I'm not rude or so harsh about that stuff) but I don't want to deal with any type of backlash over the type of fix it is. Warnings: Chubby!Draco. Hints at Feedism (very light), body appreciation story. Slight Ginny hate - very little. A/U. DracoxHarrry. I don't own HP or the world. Quite obviously. Harry's eyes narrowed slightly as he focused on the blonde across the hall. Malfoy. He thought with a grumble and leaned back against the stone, crossing his arms. Of course he'd come back. "Harry?" Ron called, waving excitedly as he and Hermione hurried up to him, "how ya been?" "Good," Harry answered smiling widely at his friends, "this is all so surreal being back here again." He muttered quietly glancing around the beautifully decorated Great Hall, the children had just gone home and the five year reunion for the class of '98, which most graduated in '99 following the war, had just begun. It was a weekend filled retreat with all the classmates invited, the Forbidden Forest open for tours, the grounds open for leisure and the Quidditch Pitch open for a friendly tournament. Only Professor McGonagall had stayed to host the young adults. They were old enough to not cause trouble, no need to have the other professors on staff for it. Ron was pointing out people as he, Hermione and Harry made their way through the throng of people to the buffet style food tables grabbing plates which was where Harry had seen Draco and saw him still, the man making himself a plate as Pansy Parkinson chatted with a drink in hand. Harry blinked at the man, something about him was different but he couldn't quite place it. His hair was longer it fell down between his shoulders pulled back with a black ribbon that matched his black dress robes perfectly, he heard his name from Parkinson and watched Draco glance over. Harry and him staring quietly, before the blonde turned to leave with Parkinson in tow. Something was different, but Harry couldn't place it, "excuse me," he muttered to Ron and Hermione and carried his empty plate with him towards Draco and Parkinson. "Malfoy," he called coming up beside them, "surprised you came." He chose to say cutting the two off from walking away. Draco eyed the man before him, and arched a brow, "miss this 5 year reunion for our glorious class? Hardly." Harry was studying him closely, trying to find the something that was different. His eyes the same hard, gray eyes as they glared, his hair the same white-blonde color just a bit longer, his sneer the same with that hateful tone. What is it? He dropped his eyes over to Parkinson and studied her as well. She didn't seem to have changed at all, a glint of a ring of her left ring finger caught his eyes, "congratulations in order?" Harry asked with a lifted brow and looked back at Draco. "Freshly engaged," she gushed excited for the opportunity to talk about it, "Blaise asked just the other night, over dinner." "Zabini?" Harry question, his eyes still scoring over Draco, "and you Malfoy?" He asked before she could answer, "engaged or married?" Draco tilted his head, "no." "Me either," Harry answered as if the other had asked. The two stared at each other a moment longer, then Harry held his plate up, "I should get myself a plate," he answered, "I'll catch you later, Malfoy?" Parkinson and Draco shared a look after watching the other leave them. The Golden Trio were wrapped up in conversation as they stepped into the Forbidden Forest, "it's weird coming out, again," Harry said suddenly and looked around the trees as he stopped. Hermione and Ron paused, quiet and waiting to see if he'd want to go back to the castle or continue in. Harry opted for the latter and stepped onward about to ask about their marriage life when he saw Draco, Parkinson and Zabini up ahead. "What's different about him?" Harry asked with a nod, "I can't put my finger on it." "That's why you've been watching him..?" Hermione asked curiously, "I don't know," she added as she studied him, "I don't notice anything." Ron scoffed, "don't notice anything? The man used to be a twig, he's chubby now." The ginger shook his head, "must be nice not having to worry about anything in the world, gain an appetite." "Chubby?" Harry repeated the word coming to a stop and peering at the blonde, "he does look fuller." Harry decided staring at the long, 6'3'' frame of the blonde. "He had to be only 120 pounds in school, right? Wasn't he starving himself or something," Ron was saying, "the blokes put on weight." "It looks good on him," Harry answered, his eyes still on the blonde. "Oh no," Hermione laughed, shaking her head, "don't tell us you're about to hit that up." "I just might," Harry smirked, "I like a little danger." Ron rolled his eyes, "I just don't get it." "What?" "Him. People talk about him all the time, at the joke shop I get to hear it nonstop... y'know he has his own apothecary shop there in the Alley so a lot of people go in - naturally. He's a Malfoy making potions. And Merlin, you'd think the man had given them all love potions." Harry arched a brow, the three walking again, "people talk about him?" "About how good he looks," Ron corrected, "all the time, it's annoying." "He does look good," Harry scoffed, "he looked sickly in school, disgustingly so. But right now," the brunette didn't finish his sentence out loud though in his mind he said, I just want to get him naked. Hermione shook her head, "he does carry it well," she agreed after a moment, "though I feel like we're appraising a piece of meat. We should stop." "Alight, alright... Just how much do you think he's gained?" "I don't know, probably a hundred or so?" Ron shrugged and looked down at his belly, "must be an after school thing," he commented with a frown, he himself had gained a few pounds as well. Harry rolled his eyes, "you look good too, mate, what's it matter anyway?" "Says the man who is cut out of bloody marble!" Harry blinked slowly, a blush crept across his face, "oh, piss off!" Hermione laughed quietly, and leaned forward kissing her husband on the cheek, "Ron you look amazing," she whispered softly making the ginger blush as well, "and who are we to judge how someone likes? Body type doesn't matter." Harry shrugged, "I'm just making note - Draco Malfoy looks good." Saying Harry was drunk was a huge understatement the man was pissed and currently leaning against the wall of an abandoned hallway, having got turned around on his way back to the Great Hall when he had left to relieve his bladder. He figured someone would notice him gone.. but then again everyone else had been pretty drunk as well. He was standing half bent over with his butt pressed to the wall taking slow breaths trying to calm his stomach, he really shouldn't have drank so much and ate so little but in attempt to shut his mouth he stuck to the drinks. It hadn't been his smartest moment because he had embarrassed himself, or at least he would be embarrassed in the morning when he remembered what he had said to the blonde across the Hall on his way out. "Malfoy I've never seen someone look as good as you, baby." Drunk Harry Potter was a confident prick with no filter, close to normal Harry beside the prick part. He didn't typically act like a jackass. But the look on Draco's face was worth it, or at least he told himself it was to keep the embarrassment down - tomorrow would probably be a different story. He heard footsteps in the hallway and looked up to see Draco himself walking towards him, "Potter?" "Heya!" Harry waved with his whole arm, "got turned around on my way back." He explained, yelling loudly as he talked hunched back over. "Merlin, are you okay?" "A bit drunk, actually." Harry answered, he had forgotten their previous interaction in his state and when he looked back up with his loopy lopsided smile he tilted his head to the side and grinned up at Draco before throwing a wink to the blonde. Who, if Harry wasn't mistaken, flushed pink before raising a brow and stepping around him. "Sobering up slightly I just threw up everywhere, down the hall a bit. Might want to avoid that area." "Charming. And, take a left at the hallway end," Draco glanced over shortly before continuing away. Harry heaved off the wall and followed, ignoring the direction. The blonde ignored him as well and stepped into the men's lavatory, Harry close behind. "Having a good time?" Harry was practically screaming and Draco cringed from the voice looking at the urinals and then taking a side step and walking into the first stall, closing the door. He only had to pee but he wasn't too sure he wanted to do that in front of Harry Potter. He wasn't exactly comfortable with his new weight gain, if he was honest, and while he had shed a few (very few) pounds in preparation for this thing he still weighed too much - in his mind. He couldn't remember how it happened, or why but it had. Stress from running the shop, stress from watching his friends get married, stress from his father getting sick and his mother growing distant, stress from coming out and his family practically shutting him out. Take your pick, the man was losing his grip on reality and food was safe. Food was comfortable. So he traveled and he ate and he didn't care what he put in his mouth until 6 months ago when he got the invite. Hogwarts Class of '98's Five Year Reunion. The first one since Voldemort came back, but here he was. He thought he would be better prepared but he wasn't. He hadn't been. "Sure," Draco finally answered the question, locking the door behind him. He hurried to adjust his robes and unzip his pants. Harry was staring at himself in the mirror, watching his eyes focus or at least try to. "Good," he called back his voice too loud and he looked over at the door when he heard it unlock, watching the man walk out. Draco was a bit nervous if he was honest, and glanced away walking to the sink next to him, he took his time washing his hands and grabbed a towel to dry them, "going back in there?" "I guess," Harry shrugged pushing back against the wall and walking along side the blonde, the man was quiet and Harry was itching for something, anything to say. "What uh... whatcha been up to?" The Slytherin sighed quietly, rolling his eyes and took the left Harry following him closely. He didn't want to answer, he didn't have the desire to so he stayed quiet and took the right leading them to the main hallway. They were close to the Great Hall just a few more seconds and he would be free from the annoying drunk Savior-of-the-World. Harry was waiting and reached forward, before Draco could, to open the door letting the blonde enter first, "thanks," Draco gave a nod and broke to the right heading back towards Blaise and Pansy or at least where they had been sitting but saw they were dancing to a slow song now, and Harry was still walking with him. The Gryffindor stayed close and watched the other eye the dance floor, "did you want to dance?" Harry wasn't sure why he asked.