A/N : This was a prompt that I fell in love with. Well, tbh the prompt was Hermione/Draco/Harry after a break-up. And I always write Drarry and have been itchy for a story to throw my kink into. So, we have come full circle - muh dudes. Anyway, enjoy! Oh I'm also not sure what the ship tag is, someone on tumblr told me it was Dramionarry? I thought maybe Draharmony made sense. Idk. The tag/name lemme know if you know! ~kiz (I also wanted to give a shoutout.. I got a new beta I am sooo looking forward to working with! They haven't been on this one, this is my last story beta'd by Tiffy. So anyway! I am super stoked to start working with Jamie! :)) Warnings : Daddy/little kink (Daddy!Draco, little!Harry), threesome HermionexDracoxHarry. You guessed it! I don't own Harry Potter anything! "You wa nt to do what?" Draco asked the brunette sitting across from him, they were grabbing a coffee while on lunch break at the near by cafe, some reason Hermione had forgiven the man and he had made fast friends with her after school ended. They ended up close, closer than Harry and her had even been in school and now three years later she was confident enough in their friendship that she could safely sit across from him at a cafe and ask him the question she just did. "Hermione Jean Granger," the blonde smirked, "I had no idea." "Draco," she rolled her eyes and took a sip of her coffee, "yes or no?" "Demanding." "As always," she shook her head and sat the cup down, giving him a serious look, "just a one time thing, just once. I want to know what it feels like, I guess? I don't know, it's been so long." "You and Weasel just broke up..." He started, staring at her seriously. That wasn't the real issue if he was honest, the real issue was sharing Harry. He didn't want to share Harry. Harry had been all his and he wanted to keep it that way. "Will you think about it?" She asked, and glanced at him through her lashes, "I... you're usually so open, what is it you're scared of?" "I'm not scared," Draco shook his head, "though I'm not sure how Harry would feel about it." "I know," she laughed softly, "and you?" Draco studied her closely and shifted in his chair leaning closer to her after a moment, "I'm a little rough, Harry and I don't really..." "How extreme?" Draco chuckled softly, and glanced around to make sure no one else was listening but Hermione spoke again before he could, "like is he beaten or flogged or tied up like a pig or something?" "Like a pig?" Draco pulled a face of disgust and leaned back, "he likes whips, yes, and sometimes I do tie him up but it is safe he only has to mutter one word and all of it goes away. Harry has a different approach to sex, is all." He didn't want to tell her the kink, at all. It was his secret. "Harry Potter..." she muttered with a small smile, "well, you won't be doing that to me," she started, "but, just talk it over with him, huh? Just one night, I need something." Draco smirked, "I got a few single friends, Hermione, you don't have to crawl into our bed." "I don't really want one of the friends, Draco," she shrugged, "I could go meet someone, but I want to feel something Draco." "What are you looking to feel?" "I don't know," she admitted, "needed, I guess, or touched. Or wanted, or loved." "One time hookup with your two best friends and you think you'll feel that?" "I feel that every time the three of us are together," she answered, "I feel it right now.. just think about it, please?" "I'll talk with Harry." "I won't bring it up anymore," she added, "it'll just be y'know, if you guys want." "Hey b aby," Harry grinned at his boyfriend crawling into his lap the moment Draco laid his book down, and laid his head on his shoulder. "Hi Harry," Draco answered giving him a kiss on the cheek. "How was lunch with 'Mione? How is she taking the break up?" "Good," the blonde chuckled, "quite good." He shifted so Harry was leaning against the arm of the chair and their eyes were locked, "actually she is doing so well she is trying to uhm... go out with us." "Like a double?" Harry asked, his face lighting up, "did you suggest Blaise?" "No," Draco shook his head, "not like that, mo-." "I think it's a good idea," Harry spoke over him, "I love Ron, y'know, but they weren't good for each other." "Harry..." Draco said his name slowly gathering his attention, "what would you say about us taking her out?" "I know, with who?" "Just us." "Oh.. I thought you said she wanted to move on?" Draco smiled, "listen to me." He leaned forward and put his lips over Harry's ear, " we take her out. On a date. The three of us." Harry pulled back and studied Draco in question watching as he continued talking, "and it'll be romantic, and we'll drink wine and at the end of the night we'll bring her home. Here, with us." "Draco?" "I think she is feeling under appreciated, Harry, as much as you like Weasel he wasn't really the greatest boyfriend, was he?" "Well no, but..." "..So what if we show her how she should be treated?" "You don't think Blaise could do that for her?" Draco chuckled quietly, "I think he could, and he would but I also think we could do it better." "Is this you trying to tell me you want to... break up?" Harry whispered, his face falling at the thought. "You don't get off that easily." Draco smoothed his hair, "tell me your thoughts on the matter, hm? I mean about us with another person." "I think I would rather that other person be a guy, for one," Harry answered and Draco's eyes flashed to Harry with a small glare. "That will never happen Potter," he snapped and reached between his legs giving the bottom of his ass a smack, "that's all mine." "Well..." Harry smiled, "uhm, it's Hermione.. what if she doesn't like what we do?" "That's true," Draco nodded, "I don't know, maybe you could talk to her? Ask her out, with the both of us." "Y-you don't want to?" "Can't handle such a simple task, Potter?" Harry blushed and looked away, "w-would you uhm be touching her Draco?" "Would that be a problem?" Harry thought it over as he looked away, he had thought about it sometimes. About asking if they could have another person with them just every now and them but he was always too scared to bring it up and now that it was an option - so to speak, if Hermione said yes. It was like he could finally voice his opinion on it. When he had thought about it, it always revolved around Draco taking another guy over their bed, and Harry watching. Or Harry being forced between the two of them and them using him until he couldn't handle it anymore. "Potter?" "N-no," he answered quickly, "it wouldn't be a problem, I think I would like to watch that actually." "Would you?" Harry nodded slowly, his face red, "would you be wanting to touch her?" Harry generally wasn't give much freedom, his own request, he liked when his hands were tied behind his back or his arms were stretched and tied to the bed post, "what do you mean exactly?" Draco slid his hands over Harry's thigh and cupped him between his legs, "do you think, Harry, you would want to bury this deep inside of her and fuck her?" Harry rutted against Draco's hand with flushed cheeks, "I don't know, actually... I uh..?" "Oh, that's right," Draco whispered nipping his ear lobe, "you've never fucked anything in your life, hm?" "No." "What if I want to watch you ...?" Harry giggled quietly, he was easily slipping into his submissive mind set and falling right into it. Rather it was the way Draco was talking, or just the way Harry was feeling after a stressful day he was quickly becoming more shy and hidden and less of a confident smart ass. It always shocked Draco how quick the switch could flip for his boyfriend, but he loved it. Draco gave him a hard kiss, "Harry, tomorrow I want you to ask Hermione out to dinner, at work, okay?" "At work?" He gasped, his eyes closed as he rotated his hips up against Draco's hand. "At work, you will ask her," Draco spoke softly, "you will ask her if she'd like to join us to dinner on Friday." "O-okay," Harry answered with a shudder his hands wrapped around Draco's wrist and directed his hand to move against his constrained jeans. "Harry," Draco said his name slowly, seriously and gathered his attention again. The man on his lap opened his eyes quickly and they met, "what is today?" "Tuesday." "No cumming until Friday," Draco said after a second, "I think three nights will be enough." "Three nights?!" Harry practically yelled and Draco gave him a hard look, "Draco that is so long!" Switch still not completely flipped, Draco thought with a small smile, "three nights is not that long, shall I make it a Saturday dinner?" Harry's eyes grew wide, "why can't we do anything?" "Because I don't want you to disappoint her, Harry," Draco whispered against his ear, flicking his tongue out and dragging it along the outside of his ear, "or me." "I won't! I promise." "I don't know," Draco looked at him carefully, "don't you want to show Hermione just how excited you are to please her, Harry?" "Of course, Draco, bu-." The blonde shook his head cutting him off, "then you will be a good boy and wait until Friday night." "D-Draco." Draco looked at him curiously, waiting, he was wondering if this was going to be Harry's limit. He had been striving for that limit for years but had yet to meet it and part of him was a little upset at the thought. He thought it would last longer, and couldn't believe it was something so small. Draco had done worse things to Harry over the years. "... what if I cum quick because i-it'll be so long?" Draco smirked, "you wouldn't embarrass me like that, would you babyboy?" Harry shook his head quickly, all his earlier embarrassment gone the moment Draco called him that and he sighed right against Draco's chest, "no Daddy." "Then I think you can show me just how much of a big boy you can be, hm?" "Yes," Harry nodded seriously. "Good," Draco gave him a kiss, "now what are you doing tomorrow?" "Asking Hermione out, on a date with the both of us for Friday night." "I'll be so proud of you, Harry," Draco whispered, "give me a kiss." Harry smiled widely and did just that. The fir st thing Draco did as soon as he sent Harry to shower was write Hermione an owl, one that stated it'd be best if she didn't mention they had talked about this before hand and that Harry would be asking her out tomorrow for Friday night. He wasn't worried about the fact they'd be integrating another perosn in general, he had been with two others at once, he was worried how Harry would do. And rather Hermione would freak out the moment Harry uttered the word Daddy, he wanted to keep it to himself but he wasn't about to censor his Harry. And, just how Harry would handle it, nothing about the mechanics of sex but he was a bit concerned Harry would be different. He wasn't sure if his sweet,