Ok I know I am crazyfor trying this but hey, so this will be a fifth story, two are finished and so this will be a third work in progress, I know I am stupid and crazy but I am tired of only reading stories of Renesme when she is a little bratty bitch, so here is my version of her, how she should be sweet nice, always wanting everyone happy and holding Bella's most annoying quality… self sacrificing. In this world we DO belong Together Chapter one "New start" "Here you go Renesme!" Auntie Alice chirped throwing a pair of jeans and a dark blue shirt, long sleeve. I laid in my new bed, I liked it, the bed and my room. We had traveled everywhere since I could remember hotel rooms and flats; I never really had my own room. It was purple, with white trim, a matching bedspread, I even had my own bathroom, a softer purple. I sat up and smiled at my aunt. "Thanks." I smiled; she nodded and skipped off to leave me to dress. I looked around the room, I had a dark wooden desk, wardrobe and bed, I stood and pulled off my PJ's and hid them under my pillow, I liked those and I hoped Alice wouldn't find them and replace them. My mom poked her head in as I pulled my shirt over my head. "All dressed?" She asked, I nodded and headed for the sink and started brushing my teeth. "I feel like I should still be changing your diaper not watching you march off to high school especially with me at your side as your sister." She laughed hesitantly. "If you wanted to get technical I would already be potty trained." I laughed trying to lighten the mood. I technically looked like I was seventeen, but I was pulling off the fact that I was about to turn sixteen and a freshman in high school, along with my mom and dad and Auntie Alice, and Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Jasper and Uncle Emmett were sophomores. Really though I was barely seven, mom always hated I grow so fast, I was slowing now, at eighteen it should stop and I'd be stuck, like everyone else. "Right but you get what I am saying." She smiled and I rinsed my mouth. She started pulling at my curls with my brush, slowly they smoothed out and took shape, they weren't like moms wavy hair, but perfect ringlets that flowed down my back and framed my face. (If you want a good description on her hair go look at a pic of Taylor Swift, that's how I see her hair, just brown like Bella's.) "You look beautiful Renesme." A voice drifted from the door, I watched as my mom relaxed and looked towards the door. "Thanks dad." I smiled, he stepped in and hugged mom around the waist. "I can't wait to go and hear all those horrific thoughts boys will have about you, cant you tone down your beauty?" He teased, I rolled my eyes. "Sure but Alice will freak… cause I would have to cut my hair." I smiled "NO!" I screamed pierced the air from outside. "Never mind!" Dad smiled and pulled a curl it bounced back into place perfectly, "But I really do have to deal with those boys thoughts about my daughter." He shuddered, mommy traced his arm, relaxing him, I laughed. "Just don't tell me." Dad laughed at that and dragged mom from the room leaving me in somewhat privacy. I was use to the kissing, hugging, the fast pace they all took, I was almost as fast as Alice myself. What I wasn't use to was strangers, sure I traveled the world but my family always were the ones to interact with others I had no idea but mom said if I was anything like dad I wouldn't have a problem, thing is I'm most like mom… and mom said she was always a loner. I hurried downstairs at human speed, practicing for school and outside where the cars were parked. "You're almost as fast as Edward." Uncle Emmett boomed and I looked at him like he was crazy. "Sure I am, I am barely fast than Auntie… I mean Alice." "Hey are you saying I'm slow?" Alice asked acting offended. "No just not as fast as… Edward." I stuttered, I really was going to have some trouble with not calling them mom and dad, aunt and uncle… I had to pay attention. Daddy laughed and slid into the Volvo, followed by mom, I plopped into the back seat. Aunt Rosalie, Uncle Emmett and Uncle Jasper all slid into Auntie Alice's pink convertible. "I feel like such a wuss." Uncle Emmett complained. "I know I can feel your embarrassment." Jasper laughed, I slammed my door as we took off down the drive. "Slow down Edward, some of us aren't so invincible." Mom whispered. I felt the car slow and sighed, they had no idea that I was almost caught up with all the abilities they had, I could hear just as well as they could. Dad chuckled when I realized he was listening in on me again. "Ok well maybe you do but I'm more vampire than human, I will be just as much as you guys when I stop growing." I snapped, I wasn't usually this short tempered. "Relax Renesme I know you are nervous." He smiled, mom huffed and looked out the window, she was mad from being left out. "Me nervous? I am a vampire for goodness sake." I laughed. "It's my first time too Renesme… as a vampire of course." Mom assured me, I nodded and looked at the giant building, it was red brink with green lettering on it, Lakewood High School 12144 Roselane Halifax, Nova Scotia 72670 I jumped from the car and looked around, a total of 849 students went here, now 856 students. "So much like your mother." My dad mused and handed me a back pack, I took it with a thank you and pulled it onto my back. Auntie Alice pulled in next to us and together we marched toward the new school. "The front room was small and an elderly lady was sitting there smiled as we came in. "The new student's right?" She asked, we nodded. "Yep, and were going to rule the school!" Emmett announced, I rolled my eyes. The woman just nodded and pulled out several sheets of papers. "Alice Cullen?" "Here the small girl skipped forward and immersed herself into the paper. "Rosalie Hale?" Rose reached for her schedule, and we went down the list, Jasper, Emmett, Edward, Bella and finally me, "Renesme Cullen?" I nodded and took my paper. "Thank you."I sighed some of my classes lacked any of my family. "We felt the need for you to branch out." Dad smiled, I nodded. "We have every class together Edward." Mom smiled. "What a coincidence." He laughed. "I have everything but English with Emmett." Aunt Rosalie smiled. "I'm sorry, you saw it didn't you, I mean it happens every time!" Uncle Jasper reminded Alice. "I know, I know." She murmured, "I hate never seeing you during the day." "It's what happens when I'm a grade ahead of you, but look we have P.E. and History together." She nodded and the left the crowded room, I followed my parents out and to our first class, English. "This is my favorite class!" Mom bounced excitedly. My parents didn't seem to notice the stares from the curious students around us, I tried to keep my head down and hurried behind them, they didn't falter as they entered the classroom and took a seat in the back, I followed them, sitting in front of my mom. I kept my eyes on the desk, I couldn't stand the stares. I went over my schedule in my head, I had English and math with my parents, Spanish with Auntie Alice and Auntie Rosalie, P.E. with Uncle Emmett and science and history was alone, all by myself. "Renesme!" I looked up at my father who nodded toward the front and I looked up a very impatient girl was standing there. I guess I had zoned, dreading the two class periods I had… alone. "I'm sorry." I smiled, the girl wrinkled her nose and then composed her face. "Hello my name is Sarah, your new here right?" She asked, looking at me then my parents behind me. "Yes, I'm Renesme and this is Bella and Edward." I pointed them out. "My adopted brother and sister." I smiled, my heart slowing a bit, maybe conversation could be easy… "Nice to meet you." Sarah smiled, it seemed fake, and I shook off the feeling. "Wow that's a beautiful ring." She gasped looking at my mom's wedding ring. "Thank you it's my… wedding ring." She said shyly. "You're married?" Sarah gasped. I shook my head, we agreed that we would all just be really weird and say we were already married, Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Emmett, Uncle Jasper and Auntie Alice, I never realized how it would affect people, I mean we were pretending to be freshman, and married, and all living under one roof. And Grandpa said we were supposed to be blending ha! "Edward and I married over the summer… in July." My mom clarified. "But I thought…" "No! We are all adopted, not really related; only Jasper and Rosalie are related." Edward chuckled I shook my head. "There are more of you?" She asked. "Yes, Rosalie Hale and Jasper Hale are related, Rosalie is married to Emmett Cullen who isn't related to any of us, Jasper is married to Alice Cullen who is also not related to any of us and then Bella and Edward." I repeated the story like I had to Carlisle and my parents a hundred times. She nodded, letting the information seep into her head. "Nice to meet you all." She stammered and sat on the other side of the room. "Well that went well." I whispered. "She will tell everyone, but at least she will keep the story straight, I mean it's weird enough she doesn't even have to add anything. She is the Jennifer of Forks." Mom burst into twinkling laughter and several people looked back at us in surprise, I smiled at them and turned to look at my parents, I had no idea what was so funny. The door slammed and I turned in my seat quickly as a very young woman sat at the desk in the front. "Hello I am Mrs. Ball and welcome to the most intense class of English you will ever encounter." She chuckled, I rolled my eyes, she thought she was scaring people and by the looks the other kids had it was working. "We are going to start on Romeo and Juliet today! This isn't Jr. High, you don't get a week with nothing to do, so expect work in everyone of your classes!" I smiled, this teacher was harsh. "We didn't read that until we were sophomores." Mom whispered, I chuckled and turned. "I read that at three." Mom rolled her eyes and I turned around and focused again. "I want you to have chapter one finished by tomorrow." She smiled, I snorted I could finish the entire story by the time these kids were finished chapter one. "Is there a problem Miss…" She checked her sheet, "Renesme Cullen?" "Oh, no ma'am." I stuttered and looked shamefully down and mouthed sorry to dad. The bell rang after the teacher rambled on about the pros and cons of Romeo and Juliet. Mom pulled me out of the room. "I know this is easy for you but a Cullen is…" "Always polite." I finished for her, she nodded. "I'm sorry I didn't mean to, it just kind of slipped. I followed them to math class, paying attention to the people who stared, noticing