Faded Summary: It's nice not being the last demigod anymore. I'm back, better than ever, in my totally unbiased opinion, and ready to shake things up. [Time Travel. Eventual Percy and Artemis. Reasonably powerful Percy.] Disclaimer: I don't own the Percy Jackson series or characters. Sadly, I personally have not yet discovered a method of time travel, so I can't go into the past and steal all of Rick Riordan's ideas before he even has them. Chapter One: I'm Back Ah, to be a kid again. Well, physically at least. I can never again be as innocent as I used to be. 'Who am I?', you might be wondering. Or not. I'll tell you anyways. My name is Percy Jackson. Or, well, technically it's Perseus Jackson, but I just go by Percy. Why can I never be innocent again, you ask? Because I'm a demigod, and not just any demigod. I am the demigod son of Poseidon and Sally Jackson, and I just have to say, it's nice not being the last demigod anymore. Being the last demigod hero in the world isn't fun, let me tell you. Especially when you're being chased by Giants. Especially that bastard Porphyrion. I can't even count the number of times I almost became grilled sea food for the king of the giants. Or, well, not technically grilled, but you get the idea. Polybotes was hardly a challenge in comparison, for all that he was born to oppose my dad. And by hardly a challenge, I mean he was a little less impossible to beat. And now I won't have to deal with the giants for another five years. How great is that? Of course, I'll have to face other monsters, but that should be a piece of cake. I've been killing monsters for so long I can hardly remember a time when I wasn't. Or, well, they'll be a piece of cake once I get back in shape. Hey, that rhymed, sort of. See, that's the downside to once again being a twelve year old. I've got a twelve year old's body. I'd never really cared about my appearance before, but seeing my scrawny preteen body was kind of depressing. I'll really need to work on fixing that. You know what else is depressing? Homework. Going back in time certainly hadn't cured my Dyslexia, and it wasn't like I'd been doing a lot of math in between running for my life and facing down giants. Mostly running; even with the great shape I'd been in before I came back, I still certainly hadn't been able to fight all day, and the most I could do to damage the giants was trivial in the long run. With no gods left, there'd been no way of killing a giant in the longterm. Even before Apollo had died and before we- I could no longer kill the gigantes, they still tended to reform within a week. I could beat them to death all I wanted; they just wouldn't compromise on the 'death' part. It was honestly really demoralizing. I think you're getting the idea of where I came from. That's right: the future. I came from the future. 'Bullshit,' I bet you're saying. 'Time travel isn't possible.' Well, I didn't think monsters were real about eight years ago. You've just got to learn to accept things like that. Want to know how I came back? Well, too bad. I'm sure you're all really great and trustworthy people- oh, wait, no I'm not. But really, I don't think there's anyone I can trust with a time travel method. Being all alone and hunted tends to make you paranoid. I'm no exception. I mean, I'll still do the hero gig, but I'm gonna be questioning a lot more, and making sure the person I'm helping isn't a monster in disguise before doing anything. I was far too trusting last time, and I tended to get lucky quite a bit. I can't rely on that again. Just by coming back, I've changed things; in the short term, maybe for the worse. But I will not let it get as bad as it did last time; that's a promise. I'm not keen on living the greek apocalypse over again. Speaking of the short term . . . homework. Yeah, I really hate math. Like, I would be fine never seeing any numbers over three digits ever again. At least I aced Latin; my time with the Romans really paid off, at least in that regard. On the other hand, I really really hate math. In case you didn't understand me, I really really really hate math. Okay, I think you've got the idea, and if you don't . . . you've got problems, my friend. Back to the important matters: I'm in the past. And I gotta say, so far I'm really not having fun. I tried to stop my mom from getting stolen by Hades, but he just ended up sending a small army of skeletons at me once I took out the minotaur a little bit more easily than someone of my age and supposed experience should have been able to. Now, normally skeletons wouldn't bother me, but again, I'm twelve again, with only Riptide in the weaponry department. If only I could just shoot them down from afar, it would be so much easier. The thing is, I realize that it's rather ironic that I want a bow to face the skeletons. I used to be pants at archery. But having Apollo's blessing does that to you. Makes you a better marksman, that is; as far as I know, it doesn't make you addicted to bows. I was decent before the blessing; Apollo had decided to teach me enough archery to get by, partly to help me, and partly because we were both bored out of our minds. Running from giants was somewhat exciting the first time, maybe even the second through tenth times. After that, it just got repetitive and mind numbingly boring. Getting a blessing from a god is a big deal. I know that, even after only being blessed once. But what a blessing it was! And by blessing, I'm talking more about a transference of power, the bestowing of some abilities. For example, when I was born, I got authority over water and equines- you know, horses and other animals derived from them- and though I didn't find out for a while, I also have the ability to cause spontaneous earthquakes and storms, along with some other minor powers. Now, supposedly I'm one of the most powerful sons of Poseidon ever born- maybe even the strongest, though I'm hesitant to make a definitive statement, considering that I can't really test the validity. So any of my siblings, being normal children of Poseidon and not ones that were born to fulfill a couple of super huge prophecies with the power to match, might only get control over water, or maybe they'd only gain control over wind or earthquakes, though their single ability would probably be more powerful than any of my powers other than hydrokinesis. What I'm getting to here is the fact that if Poseidon were to give someone who wasn't one of his children a portion of his power, they would probably gain minor control over all or most of the aforementioned domains, though mostly likely not to the extent of even my control over my least powerful abilities, or that of one of my siblings' primary power. It's the same thing for me, with Apollo's powers. He had blessed me as he lay on the ground, soaking ichor through his tunic. And I was glad he had in the months I'd had to survive without him there. When you think of Apollo, you think of the Sun first. Then, you probably think of archery, music, medicine, and prophecy, in that order. His blessing gave me all of that. Where I'd been barely a decent archer before, even with Apollo's personal instruction, I suddenly knew how to shoot perfectly. It didn't make me a perfect archer right off; it took work, and I had to train my muscles to pull back the bow string. Let me tell you, shooting a bow and arrow uses entirely different muscles from swinging a sword. And the flashes of precognition were particularly helpful. I'd only get them in battle, and at no other times, so it wasn't like I'd turned into a seer or taken the mantle of the Oracle of Delphi or something ridiculous like that. But I could see flashes of the future in battle; I'd seen those flashes when I faced the minotaur, and I was seeing them while facing the skeletons. It was actually pretty helpful when I was facing titans and giants; the early warnings made up somewhat for the fact that I was actually pretty physically inferior, strength-wise and sometimes in the speed department as well. Demigods are usually better physically than normal humans, but even we have limits. And I think I'm actually a decent singer now. I tried all of once after the blessing, and vowed never to sing again, even in the shower. It's just so weird, having a good singing voice. I'm Percy Jackson, demigod hero and professional monster slayer. I am not and never will be a singer. I didn't get any major powers of healing and I certainly didn't achieve the skill of any Apollo kid in the subject. The only thing I've really noticed is a slightly faster regeneration from injuries; a healing factor, if you will. And when I say slightly faster, I mean it's hardly even noticeable. The only thing it's really done is heal some minor scrapes, bruises and rashes overnight. So, helpful, but any of the bigger injuries, I'll need water to heal. The precognition was the main reason I knew I still had Apollo's blessing. What I wouldn't give at that moment for a bow and some arrows, so I could pick the skeletons off from afar. Don't get me wrong; I still love sword fighting. But you also need to understand that against some enemies, Riptide is no more than a toothpick. I preferred- and still prefer actually- to hit enemies of that level with a few sonic arrows before actually engaging in open combat. Not that I have any sonic arrows right now, but even a flaming arrow would be adequate for the task of whittling down the number of skeletons. I haven't mentioned any powers relating to the sun yet, have I? Well, that's because I didn't get any. Maybe I'm more heat resistant, but I was already pretty much flame proof from being a son of Poseidon, and I have no desire to reach my heat limit. So no, I didn't test that and I assume I didn't get any powers related to the sun. I don't feel more powerful during the daytime or anything either. I'm not some kind of reverse vampire. "Damn you, Hades," I growled out as I tore through a skeleton. "You're a vindictive bastard, aren't you? And you did it for nothing- I don't have Zeus' precious bolt!" I told what looked like the leader before I sliced through its waist, separating its torso from its legs and dissolving the skeleton. I knew Hades had to be watching somehow; he really was somewhat of a sadist. After being forced to stay in the Underworld for Millenia, I don't blame him. Doesn't mean I wasn't majorly pissed off at his stealing my mother. I finished off the last of the skeletons and headed up the hill towards where Grover was still lying, passed out. The one good thing about fighting skeletons is that there's no blood or flying monster dust to mess up my clothes. "Can you get him to the infirmary?" I asked the blonde girl on the other side of the barrier. "I need to go talk to