Disclaimer: Don't own, don't sue. beat weighty tests with lofty cries lofty cries with trembling thighs weepy chests with weepy sighs weepy skin with trembling thighs you must be hovering over yourself watching us drip on each others sides He didn't actually watch it happen until he next morning. And by then, she'd been dead for almost three hours. In those long days that she was in the arena, Gale's hours went a little like this: He would wake from a restless sleep to a cold morning, earlier than early, so that he could hunt before catching the first recap on the projector at the Hob. He didn't waste time in the woods; they didn't feel right when he was all alone. But all the same, the woods made him think of her, and he'd touch the trees, wondering how the trees in the arena felt compared to these. He wondered if she was scaling the trees and thinking of him, too. He'd kill a thing or two and listen, listen, listen for anything- a hovercraft or a whizzing arrow. In the early morn, it was too quiet. The birds weren't up yet. Around five, the only one at the Hob would be Greasy Sae, getting started on whatever stew was selling that day. So he'd normally go over to her and they'd exchange a few words that were all full of anticipation on his end, then Sae would fire up the portable projector while he helped her gut squirrels. He'd watch out of the corner of his eye for the Capitol seal to come up, and he'd be filled with a mixture of dread and urgency that tricked his brain. Did he want to watch the Games? Hell no, but he needed to see her. His hands would still on the carcass as he watched what was happening on the projector. It was always bad, always worse. Worse especially when the frustration set. He felt the ice layering over and over in his heart. He watched Peeta Mellark touch his girl (who was never really his girl). People in the District really loved Mellark. They talked about him like he was a fucking toy bear, a little sad thing that was so brave, putting up s uch a fight (of course, when they talked about Katniss, they usually said things like, smart girl, she'll win, she's strong ). Mostly, they talked about the two of them as a pair. How they could both come home. It was such an unprecedented thing, the two victor rule. All anyone talked about was them. It was perverted. She wasn't herself in that cave, and that thought stabbed at his heart because he didn't understand. She was so indifferent to the boys at school who he'd caught leering at her meaty hips. She ate better than most in the Seam, and it showed in her ass and he curves. The schoolboys weren't used to that- the fullness of a merchant and the darkness of a Seam brat. They loved her and she never noticed them. And she never noticed him, or that he looked at her the same way. On the day she died, he woke from a nap. The light told him it was mid-afternoon, that they all had slept through lunch. It was too late to go hunting, too late to meet up with Sae, and the words "too late" reverberated again and again. His stomach lurched and he groaned. This morning, the big dark guy from Eleven was run through with a sword, which meant there was four left. The Career from Two, the Redhead, Mellark, and her . Anything could've happened while he was asleep. Prim, who was sleeping next to him, woke when he did. She blinked and looked around, finally finding him with her bleary eyes. Posy slept tightly against her chest. Rory was on the floor beneath the bed. They were all up late last night watching, trying to fight away the nervous energy with hot tea that only kept them up longer. And Hazelle suggested they all try to get another hour of sleep while they could. "What should we do?" Prim whispered after a moment, after rubbing her eyes. "We should watch." Prim sat up a bit to lean against Gale's side as Posy gave a little snort of discomfort. All three of them in the bed had made it sweaty in the afternoon heat. He didn't mind having Prim here. Her mother didn't seem to be such great company in those days. So she sometimes slept here, in the bed that everyone in Gale's family frequented. There was only two beds- one that Hazelle would share with the kids and one that Gale would. Prim read stories to Posy, helped his mother work the washing rack, and was teaching Rory how to make cheese. At the designated times, she would return home to watch the Games with her mother, but come back with some kind of token; an extra banket, a cup of milk, an old toy for the kids. He didn't know if this was meant to be a payment for their kindness, or a token of celebration for Katniss living though another day. In any case, he promised to look after her. "Should we wake them up? Should I get Mother?" she asked. He realized, with a sickening lurch of his stomach, they had slept through the mandatory viewing hours. It was strange that Sabina hadn't come knocking, looking for Prim, but Sabina Everdeen was passive looking to Gale while the world seemed to unravel into chaos. These were undoubtedly the last few days of the Games. Maybe they should all watch together, weather the storm with each other. He thought about it, but a thin calmness was in the room with them. He heard his mother snoring on the other bed and decided not to disturb the peace. He picked Prim up, light as a baby bird, and carried her out to the kitchen where the old television sat on a table. Normally it was coal-dusty and forgotten, but the dust had been cleared from the screen. It was in much more use theses days. He sat with Prim, sleepy in his lap. Already the Capitol seal occupied the screen because the televisions were automatically programmed to run the mandatory shows like Snow's announcements. And the Hunger Games. While Gale glanced at the pale blue Seam outside, Prim didn't avert her eyes from the screen at all. The Capitol anthem interrupted the quiet with it's crass horns and percussion. They showed the streets outside with the screaming citizens flooding the City Circle, songs playing, flowing drinks, and the lights relentlessly studio was all lit in colors that illuminated the kitchen. Switching, red to purple, off and on into the dark space, on Gale and Prim's faces. Peeta Mellark's head was also flashing on the screen, the caption reading "VICTOR". The celebration had been going on for hours. Prim whimpered. "But- but what about her?" he started. "What about her?" "The trick with the berries was very smart, don't you think, Finnick?" they heard Claudius Templesmith ask. He sat inside the large studio with a handful of past victors on the lush interview couches. Behind them, banners were hung with Mellark's face. "She definitely had the skills and to take Cato down, no doubt. It's a shame it wasn't enough, but the strongest fighter wins," the pretty guy replied. "Or the most handsome in your case, right Finnick?" And they laughed like the world wasn't ending. Prim wept as they began the recap. They watched it all. It started with the Redhead eating those berries Mellark picked. She dropped to the ground, convulsed, and her eyes rolled back in her head. It only took a moment for her to die. Katniss taught Gale about Nightlock. Not too long ago, he did the same thing that Peeta did, picking the whole bush, thinking that the berries were going to be a rare sweetness. When she saw them, she yelled, never let him hear the end of it. After that he became more familiar with her family book, the one with the plants and herbs in it, because she insisted that he learn basic forging skills. He taught her how to set a fowl trap in return. His eyes began to sting as the nostalgia rolled through him. At this part, Rory came into the kitchen with Posy tucked in his arms. She began to babble the way that young things do, a sound that momentarily blocked out Katniss screaming Mellark's name. Rory watched the screen with bewilderment, like it was a crime to be viewing the Games on their own. "Shouldn't we get the others?" asked Rory, but Gale ignored him, watching the screen feverishly. He still clung to the smallest sliver of hope that wouldn't be diminished by the corner of the screen, where Mellark's face was reminding everyone who the Victor was. Rory sat in the chair beside Gale. He asked, "Is she okay?" Rory's voice was small, like he didn't want to really be there. After a few moments, he fell into the silence with them, pulling Posy onto his lap. Katniss stowed some of the poisonous berries in her pocket. The camera froze in on this moment. They made a big deal about this year's muttations in the commentary. Each mutt in the likeness of a dead tribute, they were the most terrifying beasts he'd ever seen. The sickest one was small and dark, snarling with the brown eyes of that little girl Katniss allied with earlier. They made it to the Cornucopia just in time for the mutts to snap their jaws at her foot. One of them bit in, and she screamed, and the scream would stay with him forever. Peeta tried to pull her up, and got her halfway there before the Career sneeked up behind him and landed a blow to his head with the butt of the sword. Somehow he made it up the other side of the Cornucopia before them. Peeta fell back and blood sprayed. Katniss scrabbled up the metal. She had just enough time to get herself over the edge before the Career yanked her up by the hair, and her bow fell to the ground to be torn apart by the mutts. The Career punched her face hard while she tried to grab an arrow from the sheath still on her shoulder. When she did, she drove it into his arm, but he didn't seem to feel it because his other arm went around her neck in a choke hold, almost mechanically. There was a sword in his other hand. "No," Peeta yelled, words slurring. "Leave her alone." He tried to get up, but his head was bleeding badly and his leg was useless, and he just stayed lying in the blood watching the sword raise. He raggedly yelled the career's name. She struggled, kicking, screeching sounds coming from her mouth, one hand hitting and the other snatching at her pocket. It happened quickly. Too quickly for Gale to cover Prim's eyes. The sword came down into her side while her hand came up to the Career's face. She twisted, her fingers digging deep into the Career's mouth, deep enough that he gagged violently and let her go. The sword came out of her, bright red, and clanged to the floor. It took Gale a second to see that the Career's mouth was bleeding. Another second for him to see that it wasn't blood, it was more purple than red, and it was stained on her hands- on his mouth- Nightlock. "Oh," Prim whined. "Oh." She fell to the metal, near where Peeta was lying. Then the Career fell down much in the same way that the Redhead did, with convulsions, but bloodless and clean. Not like Katniss, whose blood was emptying onto the shiny surface of the Cornucopia.