EXTENDED AUTHOR'S NOTE: While this story could for all intents and purposes be considered canon compliant at least until the Fall 2014 release date of The Blood of Olympus , please read the following author's note for additional information regarding how this story is affected by the release of The House of Hades . For those of you who haven't read The House of Hades yet, spoilers below . As many of you know, in the book it is revealed that Nico has strong romantic feelings for Percy. While this fic will accept and acknowledge this, the endgame pairing will still be Nico/Rachel (although it will be a slow burn romance). This fic was thought about (and in the process of being written) months before The House of Hades was released due to me being a Nico/Rachel shipper long before The Heroes of Olympus series was published. But once HoH was released, I had to rework the fic to fit in the new information about Nico (and am still slowly in the process of doing). Just to clarify, the following story is not an attempt to "erase someone's queerness" or use "bi identity" to make someone less "queer." Whatever Nico's sexuality turns out to be, I'm 100% behind it. But as I am not Rick Riordan, I do not feel comfortable decisively stating what Nico's sexuality is, especially since as of the posting of this first chapter, Riordan has not explicitly commented on it either, nor has he mentioned clarifying it in a later book. If the day comes where Riordan comes out and explicitly says something regarding Nico's sexuality, whether it be in an interview or in future books tied to the Percy Jackson series, I will update the description of this fic accordingly. So before you begin reading this fic, take time to determine whether or not you can accept the upcoming contents of the story. If not, please click the back button and do not click this story again. And any negative comments regarding Nico or Nico/Rachel are not appreciated, as you have been warned of the story's contents prior to reading. AGAIN, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. * Note: This story takes place some years after The House of Hades and post The Blood of Olympus, with the assumption that the 7 heroes were able to beat Gaea and save the world with all of them surviving. Also, it assumes that Nico never told anyone else (besides Jason) about his feelings for Percy and is still struggling to deal with them. Disclaimer: I do not own anything. All copyrights go to Rick Riordan. Chapter 1: A wise woman once said that the New York Public Library is "the classic New York landmark that houses all the great love stories." While there is no way to actually prove this, the sentiment is something felt by many New Yorkers. One of those who believed this was Annabeth Chase. While the seemingly tomboyish, no-nonsense young woman did not seem to be one who indulged in love stories, she did have a soft spot for romance. Especially when it's tied to some of the most beautiful architecture in the whole of New York. Or her long term boyfriend Percy Jackson. Thus, when it came time to plan her birthday party, he surprised her by booking the area above the library to host her birthday party. To say the least, Annabeth was thrilled. Percy spared no expense, as he wanted this to be a birthday to remember, as over the years both his and Annabeth's birthdays had either landed when they were in the midst of a quest or they were battling against nefarious creatures wanting to kill them because they were demigods (or in Percy's case, a child of the "Big Three.") Thankfully, after the "Seven Heroes of Olympus" defeated Gaea and essentially saved the world, the amount of mythical riff-raff settled down, to the point where demigods lived pretty much ordinary lives with the occasionally scuffle every now and then. Having a successful birthday party was just a reminder of how much the past few years had changed. Before this, it would have been unthinkable for both Roman and Greek demigods to be celebrating together, let alone stand to be in the same room. Piper McLean and Jason Grace, the physical embodiment of Roman and Greek co-habilitation ideal, were off in their own corner of the party. Piper was leaning casually against one of the pillars, waiting for Jason to get back from the bar with their drinks. She needed some alone time from the rest of the party. She had forgotten what it was like to be "one of the blessed," at least in terms of being surrounded by others of Godly backgrounds. She fidgeted uncomfortably in her dress, a deep scarlet evening gown that her mother, the Goddess Aphrodite, had gotten for her during a "surprise" trip to Milan (i.e. her mother had no doubt heard about Annabeth's party, and couldn't bear to see one of her favorite children coming to arguably the most important demigod party looking anything less than perfection.) She was struck out of her musings when Jason appeared in front of her, holding a flute of champagne out to her. "You okay?' he said, as if unconsciously noticing her uncomfortableness with being so made up. Piper gave him a quick kiss as she accepted her champagne. "I'm fine…just still not used to being…well you know." Jason gave her a warm smile in return. He knew what it was like to be "blessed by the Gods." Being the son of Jupiter, one of the "Big Three" was no easy task. Add being a Roman and dating arguably one of the most powerful non "Big Three" demigods and a Greek one to boot made it much more complicated. Even a blessing of the Gods couldn't stop people (mostly other demigods) from likening their romance to that of Romeo and Juliet (the whole star-crossed lovers thing). A comparison which both Jason and Piper detested, since Romeo and Juliet is a tragedy. They were both lucky that the people of the hour were Annabeth and Percy, who arguably had the most "romantic" love story in demigod history. Surviving being the children of feuding Gods (Poseidon and Athena), two wars and Tartarus (among other things) with their love coming out stronger is no mean feat. In fact, to many, Percy and Annabeth's love story was considered legendary. "So this is a great party, right? Percy really went all out. I guess he wanted to make up for all the shitty birthdays Annabeth has had over the years." Jason said, looking around the room in awe. Piper took a sip of her drink. "I think it's a lot more then just trying to make up for the demigod drama." Jason paused and looked at her critically. "What do you know?" Piper gave him a slight smirk. "Honey, I'm a daughter of the Goddess of Love. I can sense when things like this happen. Percy's planning on popping the big question tonight. It's actually quite romantic. And that's coming from me." Piper expected Jason to smile along with her, glad at their friend's upcoming happiness (because let's face it, there was no way Annabeth was going to say no to Percy), Jason instead paled, and made some excuse about going to restroom real quick. Jason left before Piper could even respond. She sighed and shook her head. Her boyfriend could be so odd at times. "Well…that was strange," she muttered to herself as took a sip from her champagne flute, content with waiting until Jason came back. Jason, knowing that Piper could no longer see him, quickly walked past the bathrooms and headed to where the bulk of dinner tables had been set up. Scanning the surrounding area, he did not find what he was looking for, and sighed in frustration. Scanning the place again, he eyes honed in on the next best thing. Hazel was sitting with her new husband Frank Zhang, her shimmering gold gown making her stand out amongst the crowd. Frank was whispering something to her in French, when Jason approached their table. "Hey guys, have either of you seen Nico around? I kinda need to talk to him about something important." Hazel shook her hand. "Sorry, but you just missed him. I think he said he was heading to the bar." "Thanks guys." Jason said as he began to quickly walk toward the direction of the bar, mentally cursing the fact it was all the way on the opposite side of the room. He just hoped he could get to Nico in time to prepare him for what was likely to happen tonight. Unfortunately, it seemed that Tyche, the Goddess of Luck was not on his side, as halfway to the bar, he heard Percy's voice ring out from the front of the room. "Everybody, could you please quiet down for a moment? I'd like to make an announcement!" Percy said, tapping his champagne glass lightly with a fork in front of the microphone to get everyone's attention. After the noise in the room fell to a quiet din, Percy stepped back up to the microphone, an arm around Annabeth's waist. "I just wanted to thank you all for taking time out of your busy schedules to come and celebrate Annabeth's birthday!" he said, a smile on his face. The crowd gave a light applause as Percy continued. "Now, I was asked by my lovely girlfriend not to include her age on the invitations…" to which the crowd laughed, even as Annabeth gave Percy a punch in the side, slight embarrassment evident on her features. "I just knew I wanted her birthday to be special. Not just because it's the first real birthday we've had since before we became "claimed" as demigods. I actually wanted to make today special for an alternative reason." Annabeth looked at Percy inquisitively as he removed his hand from her waist, and gasped as Percy turned to face her, bending down on one knee. The crowd fell silent, knowing exactly what was coming. "Wise girl, you have been a constant in my life since I was twelve years old. You frustrated me, kicked my ass, and made me question my sanity numerous times, but it was your strength and conviction, and most of all, your belief in me that made me fall in love with you. And I've stayed in love with you ever since, even when the threat of two wars and Tartarus aimed to beat us down, we came out even stronger. So I ask you…" Percy reached into his pocket and pulled out a ring-sized box and opened it. He pulled out a silver banded ring. The stone was a pearl, placed in a setting of bronzed coral. "Annabeth Chase, will you marry me?" Annabeth didn't even hesitate as she hauled Percy up by the lapels of his dress shirt and kissed him deeply, not even embarrassed at getting some of her tears on his face. As they broke apart, she whispered to him. "As if I would ever say no, Seaweed Brain." Percy let out a whoop of excitement and grabbed Annabeth in a hug before turning back to the microphone. "She said yes!" The crowd all clapped and cheered in celebration, but Jason frantically looked around until he saw Nico, frozen at the bar. Nico had gone pale, to the point where it looked like he had no blood circulating at all (a feat for being the son of Hades, thus being naturally more pale than normal). Nico began to shake, the glass of champagne in his hand rattling in his attempt to keep his emotions in check. Then Nico's eyes met Jason's. Unable to keep himself calm, Nico quickly shadow travelled out of the room before anyone could notice he had left, his glass falling to the floor with a splash. Jason began to move