ONE-SHOT Summary : Hermione has been in a relationship with Bill and Charlie for three years. Now they are ready for the next step in their relationship; parenthood and marriage. But first they must inform their families of their secret relationship. Rated M for bad language and sexual content Disclaimer : I do not own canon events and characters, they belong to J.K Rowling. I am not making a profit from writing and posting this fanfic. This was requested a long time ago by several guests and filmdork. It may not be what you expected, but I couldn't come up with a plot line that I liked, in order to have a fanfic the same length as my others. Hopefully you'll enjoy what my muse allowed. A hand slipped around her naked stomach and pulled her back into a muscled chest. "Morning, Love," a deep voice purred and she smiled. "Morning," she wriggled her bum against the erection pressed against her and she giggled as he groaned and gripped her tighter. "You're not playing fair," he grumbled and she turned around in his arms to look at the face of her handsome fiancé. She ran her fingers over his cheek, feeling the raised scars against her fingertips. He used to hate it when she did it, but now he understood she did it because she liked to touch him, which he understood since he was always touching her in some way when they were in the same room together. "I love you, Bill," Hermione said softly and he smiled at her. "I love you too, Hermione," he said and she smiled at him. Bill Weasley was her fiancé of five months. His marriage to Fleur hadn't worked out. After the Final Battle, Bill's behaviour changed due to being attacked by a werewolf in her sixth year. During the war the wolf was dampened down because there were other pressing matters, but now, five years later there was no fear or stress and Bill's inner wolf was harder to tame. Bill wasn't a full werewolf, he didn't change at the full moon, but he still had the 'inner wolf.' He liked his meat rare close to the full moon, he became moody and definitely more randy, not that she complained and his wolf was very protective of her, having taken a shine to her. Fleur had left him, you would think being part veela would give you an understanding into what Bill had to deal with, but she had abandoned him. She got a divorce, took half of what Bill worked hard for and left back to France. Bill had fallen into a state of depression and Hermione pulled him out of it. They became good friends, confidants and they talked about everything. Soon after they started dating, they have been together three years now and have been engaged for the last five months. The only thing was, no one knew. They kept it a secret from everyone for fear of rejection. Rejection of the age gap, rejection of Hermione being his little brother's long time crush and ex-girlfriend. Just plain rejection. Well, they had told Harry and Ginny, but they didn't count. She was brought out of her thoughts when she felt Bill's hand snake between them and slip through her folds, finding her nub and rubbing circles with just the right amount of pressure that had her gripping his shoulders, her nails biting into his skin and her moaning loudly. He gave a deep chuckle and she scowled at him and pushed him away and onto his back. He raised an eyebrow and then groaned as she promptly straddled him, took his large length into her hand and sank down onto him until he was fully sheathed inside of her. They both moaned loudly and he gripped her hips tightly, breathing heavily. He would never get used to how amazing she felt, it was the best feeling in the world. Hermione placed her hands on his chest for balance and lifted herself up before dropping back down onto him, he groaned and gripped her tighter, sure to leave bruises but neither of them cared. Bill found his footing and when she sank down onto him, he plunged upwards, sending her bouncing off him and her breasts bounced wonderfully for him. They were both panting and moaning loudly when someone walked through the door. "I'm home..." the voice trailed off and Hermione and Bill stopped to look at the intruder. "Oh, come on, you couldn't wait for me," he groaned annoyed and they chuckled at him and continued with what they were doing before they were interrupted. Charlie quickly de-robed and made his way to the bed, with his brother and fiancé currently shagging without him. Although he couldn't blame them, the full moon was two days off and Bill was more randy than ever and Hermione's hormones weren't helping much either. He climbed onto the bed behind Hermione and Bill stopped his thrusting to pull her down to his chest. Charlie took his wand and cast the lubrication spell, throwing his wand off to the side. He slipped two fingers into her back passage and scissored them, stretching her before taking his hard length in hand and pressing it into her. She gasped loudly and Bill groaned as her walls fluttered. Charlie pulled out and plunged back in and she moaned loudly. They set a rhythm perfect for the three of them until Hermione was panting and moaning loudly. Her walls suddenly clamped down and she screamed her release, pulling both Bill and Charlie along with her. Charlie pulled out of her and fell beside Bill and Hermione fell between them. She rested her head on Charlie and Bill pulled her against his chest. Charlie was also her fiancé. He became a part of Bill and Hermione three months after they started dating, they got drunk one night and had a threesome and they hadn't looked back since. She loved her soon to be husbands with all her heart. After the war Charlie went back to Romania to continue his work with dragons, but he did move back to England, not that anyone knew except Hermione and Bill. They all moved in together after six months of dating and Charlie got an international floo license so he could get to the Dragon Reserve without issue. They collectively bought a beautiful little cottage on the outskirts of Cornwall. They had their own land, complete with a lake and plenty of room to have a Quidditch pitch. It was fairly large for a cottage, with five bedrooms, three bathrooms, a kitchen, library and study, potions lab, dining room and living room. Everything was a balance between modern and traditional and they all agreed it was a perfect place to raise a family. "Where have you been?" Hermione asked Charlie. "I went to get you some of those cracker things that you like, the ones that settle your stomach." Hermione smiled softly. "I love you," she sighed and he chuckled. "Love you too, Princess." "I forgot to ask," Hermione spoke, "how's Jasmine doing?" "She's doing well, her scales are almost healed and her broken wing is better than ever. Two weeks at most and she'll be released back into the wild," Hermione smiled. "Oh, and Fiona's eggs should start hatching in a week, I can't wait. They'll need feeding right away. Speaking of," he sat up and pulled on his boxer briefs, still giving her full view of his muscled, tattooed and scarred form. "Let's get you and our baby fed," Hermione smiled and sat up, climbing off the bed and slipping on Charlie's discarded t-shirt, whilst Bill pulled on some underwear. "How long until you start showing?" Charlie asked, slipping his hand under the t-shirt and splaying it across her stomach in a loving gesture, Bill came up behind her and did the same, resting his hand beside Charlie's. "Once I'm three months, that's usually when people start to show, it's also usually the time couples announce the pregnancy. I'm now eleven weeks, one more week and I should have a bump forming. And then I'll be fat," she scowled. Charlie chuckled. "You'll be beautiful, glowing with pregnancy and with our baby growing inside of you," he kissed her cheek and Bill kissed her other cheek at the same time. "I'd still shag you even if you looked like a whale." "Charming, Bill," Hermione rolled her eyes and he chuckled at her and bit her shoulder and she sighed and bent her neck to give him better access. "Oi, Wolfy," Charlie said. "We need to feed our beautiful fiancé and baby." "I know," he sighed. "But afterwards, we're going for round two." "Afterwards we're going to The Burrow to tell everyone about us," Hermione corrected. "That'll be fun," Bill and Charlie muttered. The Burrow Everyone was gathered in the living room of The Burrow. Harry and Ginny who had been married for two years were smiling at them encouragingly. Fred and George were there, along with Ron who was stuffing his face as usual, Percy had his nose in a work document and his wife, Audrey, was sat next to him. Molly and Arthur sat next to each other and facing Hermione, Bill and Charlie who stood in front of the fireplace. "Why was a family meeting called?" George asked. "And why is she here?" Ron spoke around a mouthful of food and pointedly looking at Hermione. "She's family, Ronald," Ginny snapped. "You're the one that cheated on me with that loose cow, Lavender. You have no right to speak to me that way, you no good slimy bastard," Hermione snapped, her hormones flaring up. Everyone stared in shock. Fred and George stood up and clapped loudly and she blushed. "Way to go Granger, couldn't put it better myself," the one eared twin spoke. "It's about time you told him where to shove it," Fred grinned. "If you weren't already taken, I'd have swooped you off your feet and taken you somewhere to shag you." "FRED!" Mrs Weasley cried indignantly and he gave her an innocent look. The twins had always been very intuitive and smart. After five minutes of being at The Burrow, they had already figured out that Hermione was not a single woman, and by the way they were looking between her and her fiancés she guessed they knew who they were to her and they winked. It wouldn't surprise her if they had known since the beginning of her relationship. Of course it didn't help that both Bill and Charlie glared at the twins and placed a protective hand on her back. She sighed in relief, she knew the twins would support them and she smiled gratefully. "What's the matter?" Mr Weasley asked. Hermione sighed and decided to just blurt it out. "Bill, Charlie and I have been together for the last three years," the twins whistled. Everyone stared at her. "I'm sorry?" Mrs Weasley said. "Bill, Charlie and I have been dating for the last three years." Uproar ensured as Mrs Weasley and Ron started yelling. Harry and Ginny sighed and the twins sat back, watching amused. Audrey smiled at them and Percy still had his head stuck in his work document. "I knew you were a slag," Ron's comment cut through the other voices and everything went quiet. Bill growled loudly and stepped towards Ron, his eyes taking on a terrifying amber colour. "Bill," Hermione called and she held his hand. One look at her and he stepped back and pulled her into his arms protectively. "You can call me a slag all you want, Ronald," Hermione said coldly, "but at least when I have sex with my fiancés," eyes widened at that, "I can feel everything, unlike those loose cows that you seem so fond of shagging, I bet they're so loose they can't even feel when you put it in them," she heard