Chapter 1: Prologue Part 1 Summary: Hermione's secret is discovered by The Order of the Phoenix. Before Harry is rescued, she needs to be first. But from who? With the help of Sirius she learns to put the past behind her, and with the help of two Weasleys, they show her a happy future. But Hermione isn't who she thinks she is, what she discovers will change her life for good. Disclaimer: All original characters and canon events belong to J.K. Rowling. Non-canon events are my own ideas. I am not making any profit from posting this fanfic. This is my fourth story written and I am still working on my writing style. I am rubbish at editing, so there will likely be a few errors, but I will go back over it and fix up anything that I miss, like I always do. I hope you enjoy the next instalment to my growing fanfics. Trigger Warning - There are no graphical scenes of rape or abuse but things are implied. 12 Grimmauld Place – Tuesday 11th July 1995 The newly reinstated Order of the Phoenix had a new headquarters. Below the first floor was the basement and the first floor contained the kitchen and pantry, the main living room, the large and dark library and a study. The second floor contained a bathroom and four bedrooms. The third floor contained a bathroom, four bedrooms, a living room and a study. The fourth floor contained four bedrooms and a bathroom, the fifth floor contained a bathroom and four bedrooms and the attic was above that, which is where Buckbeak the hippogriff was kept. A few of the bedrooms had ensuite bathrooms. The house was remarkably larger than it appeared on the outside thanks to magic. And it was the childhood home of Sirius Black. It was a cold and dark place with peeling and mouldy wall paper, dark rooms, house elves and animal heads on pikes on walls and every room was disgustingly decorated and covered in dust and filth. Everyone hated going there but it was the safest place for headquarters with the wards and the house being under the Fidelius charm for extra security. The house contained many painful memories and hardly and good ones for Sirius Black and he thought it would make his mother roll in her grave to have blood traitors, werewolves and half-bloods in her house. The house where she pushed her supremacy bullshit onto Sirius as a child. He thought it rather poetic that her home was converted into a safe haven for those fighting for the light. Voldemort was back and the war had begun, but the Ministry refused to acknowledge the truth and remained blind to the true happenings in the wizarding world. Sirius Black was a free man, his previous convictions over turned and his status regained and he was ready for a fight. He was ready to finish what he started all those years ago. And his first order of business, to avenge James and Lily's deaths, which would not be pleasant for a certain rat. The status of war had Molly and Arthur Weasley moving their family into Grimmauld Place along with Sirius Black, taking precautions for the safety of their family. It was early evening -four o'clock- and that found members of The Order of the Phoenix sat around a large wooden table in the kitchen. Those present included Molly and Arthur Weasley, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, Nymphadora Tonks, Kingsley Shacklebot, Alastor Moody, Minerva McGonagall, Severus Snape and Albus Dumbledore was leading the charge as usual. They were many members of The Order, some had not survived the first war and some weren't deemed relevant to attend the meeting. This meeting was for the key players in The Order, the highest rankers. They were currently discussing the situation of the wizarding world, discussing battle plans and missions when something strange happened. An alarm started going off, the sound filling the entire house. The occupants of the kitchen jumped in shock, but Dumbledore had a look of worry on his face and he immediately stood up. When he did the others followed suit. "What is it?" Remus asked. "What's happening?" Mrs Weasley asked looking fearful. "A few weeks ago when the students returned home, I placed a series of wards around the homes of half-bloods and muggleborns that live in the muggle world" they looked at him confused. "If this alarm has been activated it means that one of my pupils is in danger" "Harry?" Sirius said quickly. Dumbledore flicked his wand and the address appeared in front of him. "No, Miss Granger" Mrs Weasley gasped and clung to her husband. "I must get there immediately" Dumbledore went to leave when Sirius and Remus followed him. "We're coming too" Remus spoke. "We owe a lot to the little witch" Sirius said fondly. "And if she needs us then we're going to be there" Dumbledore gave a nod. They quickly left the kitchen and the Weasley children where stood on the staircase. "What's going on?" Ron yelled over the alarm that seemed to be getting louder. Mrs Weasley started crying. "It's nothing children, go back to bed. The alarm will stop shortly and everything will be alright" they stayed rooted in place and the looks on their faces told they were not going to move from the spot they stood on. "Now children, we have no idea what we may find and you do not need to witness what it may be" "What's happening?" Fred shouted. "What are you on about?" George yelled. "BACK TO YOUR ROOMS NOW" Mrs Weasley shrieked and that had them running up the stairs and back into their rooms. "I hope they get there in time" she cried into her husband's chest. "I'm sure they will Mollywobbles, I'm sure they will" he spoke, but he wasn't sure if he was trying to convince her or himself. Granger Residence Dumbledore, Remus and Sirius landed with pops of the telltale sign of apparition and they rushed from the alleyway down the street until they reached the Granger house. They stopped; it was still light out being it summer so they had to be careful in case muggles witnessed anything. But when they reached the house there were no signs of a break in. There were no loud noises and there was no dark mark above the house. Everything seemed fine. "Nothing's wrong" Remus spoke confused. "No, the alarm went off for a reason" Dumbledore spoke. He stepped forward and tried the door but it was locked so he slyly used an unlocking charm. When they entered the house they rushed down the hallway and into the living room. They found Mrs Granger laughing madly with two glasses in her hands. Sirius and Remus both had enhanced senses of smell and they knew it was muggle alcohol and Mrs Granger was beyond drunk. They heard a blood curding scream for upstairs. "NO, NO, PLEASE DON'T! NO!" Remus and Sirius immediately ran for the stairs leaving Dumbledore behind. They followed the sounds of the cries and screams and when they reached a locked bedroom door, Sirius kicked it open so forcefully that it fell off its hinges and landed on the floor. That's when they saw Hermione laid on the bed sobbing and a man laid on top of her. Sirius saw red, dropped his wand and ran forward. He pulled him off Hermione and onto the floor and he started punching him in his face. Hermione sat up and sobbed. Suddenly water started pouring in the room, lightning flashed and thunder roared. They were all being soaked from head to toe and they couldn't hear themselves think over the loud roar of the thunder clashes. Sirius stopped punching the man on the floor and looked over at Hermione. She was readjusting her summer dress and she had a split lip, blood was pouring out of her nose, she had a black eye and she was cradling her right arm to her chest. He could see bruises in the shape of hand marks on her arms and legs and she had bruises on her wrists, he snapped. He turned back to the man on the floor and continued to punch him wherever he could until he passed out. "Sirius" Remus called from Hermione's bedside. "SIRIUS!" he stopped punching the man. "That's enough; we need to see to Hermione" That broke him out of it and he rushed to the bed and pulled Hermione against him as she sobbed and he held her as tightly as he could without hurting her further. The rain stopped pouring and the lightning and thunder stopped. Everything in the room was soaked and Remus and Sirius looked at each other before looking at Hermione and back to each other once more. "Accidental magic maybe?" Remus said quietly. "That was not accidental magic" Sirius hissed. "That was something else entirely" and he looked down at the sobbing witch he held against his chest and he shook his head. Remus used his wand to dry everything in the room, including them. "We don't tell anyone about this" Remus nodded in agreement. "This is a job for the muggle police, they will see that Hermione gets justice for this" Remus spoke softly. "We can't heal her injuries, the muggle justice system will need to see it as evidence, but for precautions we should document her injuries" Remus pointed his wand. "Accio camera" a muggle camera flew into the room and he caught it. Dumbledore entered the room at that point, his eyes filled with sadness at the scene in front of him. "Are you well my dear?" he said. Sirius glared at him. "Of course she isn't Albus" Sirius snapped. Dumbledore didn't take it to heart. "The muggle police have been informed and are currently on route. I will heal Mr Granger's injuries. Sirius, Remus, please take Miss Granger into another room and document her injuries" Sirius carefully lifted Hermione into his arms and they left the room and entered the guest bedroom. Sirius put her on the bed and Remus started taking photos of the injuries he could see. "Do you have injuries anywhere else Hermione?" Remus asked kindly and she nodded. "Do you need me to get you a pair of shorts?" she nodded again. Remus accioed a pair from her room and seeing that it would be difficult for her to put them on herself he used magic. Sirius stood up and supported her. She was still sobbing and with her uninjured arm she lifted her dress to show her stomach. What they saw made both men want to rush into the other room and Crucio the unconscious man on the floor. Almost her entire stomach was covered in bruises of different colours showing some were old and others more recent. They were blue, purple, yellow, orange and green. One look from Remus had Sirius pinned to the ground. Hermione turned and showed them her back and she had similar bruises. "We're finished for now Hermione" Remus said and he put the camera down and Sirius sat on the bed with Hermione cradled gently against his chest and he rocked them back and forth comfortingly. His heart went out to the little witch in his arms. He was abused by his parents except they preferred to use the Cruciatus, if it was used correctly no marks were left behind, you only felt the pain and he certainly had never been sexually abused, he was lucky his parents drew the line at that. He owed his life to Hermione, she was the reason he was no longer a fugitive. She put together a tight knit case for him and the Ministry never stood a chance. When he was on the run the previous year she had covertly sent him packages of food and blankets, he was alive, free and healthy because of her. She