"Bloody Valentine" Prompt/Synopsis: Post-War. Draco Malfoy gets wind that Hermione is planning a Saint Valentine's Day Massacre - and he thinks it has something to do with the house elves. How can he get her to stop, without having her arrested and thoroughly ruining his chances with her? Misunderstandings and chaos abounds. A comedy of errors. Rating: M Beta'd by the lovely DayDreamer1123 A collaboration by LightofEvolution and MrBenzedrine Disclaimer: We do not own Harry Potter, and we will not make a profit from this story. XD However, we probably will gain a few friends. Draco's Saturday started off as any other: get up, pilfer some candies out of a first year's duffle bag, scope out the library for girls with short skirts sitting at tables, and then a quick trip to the Astronomy tower for exercise. He wanted to stay in shape for said girls, after all. And with the Gryffindors hogging the Quidditch pitch, as they usually did, a bloke needed to make due with what he had. Returning to Hogwarts to complete his seventh year hadn't been nearly as stressful as he expected. For now . Still, it was February, so after his cardio training, Draco returned to the warmer confines of the castle. He thought nothing of the formerly enslaved (now inconveniently free) house elf that sauntered down the corridor in his direction. Nothing until he heard the elf mutter under its breath in passing while wringing its boney, leathery hands. "All the red… red everywhere... Miss always does what she thinks is best for us, she thinks… too much red… Mipsy is thinking it is too much! Too much!" The house elf paused, horrified, as it noticed Draco's presence. After all, the house elf in question used to belong to the Malfoys before the War. It still baffled Lucius Malfoy to no end how each and every house elf mysteriously was given a sock before his release from Azkaban. "Sorry, Master Draco. Mipsy can't take it anymore." The elf bowed to its feet and left Draco wondering what had caused a war-ridden elf to lose its observant posture like this. Odd , Draco thought, giving a light shrug. Still, the day was young and so was he, and he didn't feel like tiring over the musings of a babbling creature on such a friendly morning. On the young Malfoy went down the hallway, unabashed by misgivings or discrepancies until a short, blonde girl turned the corner of the hallway with far too much force and nearly ran smack dab into him. Draco recognized her as Head Girl Olivia Bolivia, a pretty, petite thing with breasts larger than what her frame should carry and a hind end just made for grabbing. (What? He could check her out, even if she was a Ravenclaw. She was of age.) "Oh, now what do we have here?" he smirked, letting his voice drip with confident charm. His hands were gripping her upper arms to stabilize her, a move that provided him a nice view down her blouse. But the girl had no eyes for him or his impressive form. "She's a danger to us unsuspecting pupils, that one. I suspect they didn't check her thoroughly after the War." "Who?" "That Granger!" The Head Girl calling the other witch anything besides 'Hermione' should have given him a clue about the severity of the situation. But it didn't. Olivia huffed in anger and threw her hands up in a universal gesture of crazy and rushed off into the opposite direction, showing the young man her curvy derriere. Wonder what that Granger's up to, ruffling up such pretty things like that , he thought. It was no secret the curly-haired bookworm detested giving up the Head Girl badge because 'technically' she was an eighth year, and Hogwarts tradition dictated a seventh year be awarded the position. Still, she'd done pretty well at not upsetting the order of things. Whatever was going on between Olivia and Granger… he only hoped it could end in a heated argument where the two girls fought it out in a tub of pudding, stripped down to their lacy undergarments. The thought elated him so much (What? Pureblood or not, he was a hot-blooded male in his prime!), he almost crashed into a ladder standing in the middle of the corridor around the next corner. "Ah, Olivia, you finally came to your senses. Good for you! You will see, the theme is much more convincing when we don't go for imitations, but for the real things. Of course, that means-" Draco heard the voice from above and easily identified it as Granger's, who apparently thought he was Olivia and thus kept talking to him about some nonsense or the other. Though, he couldn't concentrate on what the woman was babbling about, for he was far too distracted by the perfect rounds covered in tight muggle jeans waving precariously atop the ladder. "-ahem." Draco cleared his throat, staring up at the brunette as she tilted her head down to discover him. "Oh. It's you." Granger held onto the ladder with one arm while searching the hallway in all directions. "Did you happen to run into Olivia on your way to-" she glanced back to him again "-wherever you were off to?" "I did," Draco smirked. "Tell me, Granger, is it simply a natural talent of yours to manage to piss off everyone who doesn't see eye to eye with you, or do you work on it in your dorm on your time off?" "Well, it doesn't appear you're eye to eye with me at the moment, does it?" It took a moment for the blond to soak in her words and register them. If he didn't know her as well as he did, he might have considered it flirting. Or, perhaps, that was just his hormones coming into play. Merlin, he needed to get laid soon. Even Hermione Granger was looking fetching in this lighting… He swore he saw a mischievous spark in her eyes before she went on, "But even your input could be valued. What do you think of the color red, Malfoy?" Oh, he could give plenty input , he thought to himself. "I think it needs to be taken out back and avada 'd. You Gryffindors have simply ruined the color for anyone else." She ignored his statement like a pro and resumed measuring whatever with a tape-a muggle measuring tape, to be precise. "But that doesn't change the fact that it's the perfect color for this year's Valentine's Day celebration. You know, red like love, but also like everyone's blood-" he zoomed out because of the alluring backside wiggling from side to side. Had she always been like this? Obviously, his distraction led to him only capturing fragments of what Granger was currently explaining in great length to him. "1920s... underestimated… massacre… turned out…" Draco didn't bother with the details. His head tilted to the side in wonder as Granger swayed on the ladder, occasionally lifting higher or lower and bringing or taking the delightful arse with her. "I asked the house elves to help out, but they seem weary of the idea." Idea? Shit, he hadn't been listening at all, had he? "Hmm?" "During the dance. Mipsy has reservations about the house elves becoming involved, but I told her it's time to stand up and be accounted for! You know? I said, 'No one will take you seriously unless you take yourself seriously.' She insists elves aren't supposed to shoot arrows. I told her to read Lord of the Rings." Granger giggled at some inside joke Draco didn't quite understand. "Anyway, when I'm through with this dance, the entire floor will be painted in crimson." She looked at him as if she expected some reaction. Being a guy, he shrugged his shoulders and made a noncommittal noise, adding, "Sounds good," for good measure, hoping she'd turn around again. "Really?" she grinned at him, doing exactly the opposite and climbing down the stairs to stand eye level with him on the rungs. "You mean it?" "Sure," he said, taking a moment to assess the freckles on her nose and her sweeping eyelashes. "I mean… it makes… hold on. Come again? Arrows?" Granger hopped off of the ladder, sticking her measuring tape into a beaded bag at the ladder's edge. She didn't address his concerns, instead swinging the bag over her shoulder and muttering to herself, "Olivia Bolivia won't know what hit her come Valentine's Day. Of course, she wouldn't know a good thing if it came and shot her straight in the heart, would she?" A look of determination skittered across her features. "Thanks for your input, Malfoy. It's good to know I have a partner in crime on the Slytherin side." Crime? What crime? Draco never agreed to any crime! "Err… Granger." He put a finger up to plead his case, but the happy-go-lucky bookworm had already turned in the opposite direction, a skip in her step as she rounded the corner and out of sight. Draco Malfoy knew what it felt to have stepped in deep hippogriff shit. Exactly like this. Was Granger off her rocker? What in the seven Hells could she possibly mean by 'crime' and 'shot her straight in the heart' and… oh. OH. The arrows. The crimson. " She's a danger to us unsuspecting pupils, that one. I suspect they didn't check her thoroughly after the War." Massacre. Granger had used the word massacre, hadn't she? 1920s… Suddenly, all the puzzle pieces fell into place and, using Ockham's razor, led the young wizard to one conclusion: Hermione Granger meant to recreate the Saint Valentine's Day Massacre from the 1920's. And House elves and arrows were her weapons of choice. "We have to put an end to this," Draco said, pacing the Slytherin hallways in front of the large portrait of Severus Snape, potions master and war hero. "We?" the portrait asked, raising one thick, curled eyebrow in Draco's direction. "Of course 'we.' Weren't you listening? I'll need you to follow her. Investigate and report back to me." "I could think of other ways to spend my time," portrait Snape replied, his voice crisp and full of contempt. "Yeah? Like what? You're a painting. What do you honestly think you're going to do with the rest of your days? Take up knitting?" Professor Snape drawled back in his most contemptuous tone, "Ob-vi-ous-ly not. But there's a shortcut to Madam Hooch's locker room I frequently attend." Scrunching his face in disgust, Draco made a gagging noise. Then, he used his Slytherin guiles to get what he wanted. "Well, then. If you don't want me telling Headmistress McGonagall you frequent the girls' locker rooms, I suggest you adhere to my demands." Snape gave a snarl and said, "You're every bit like your father." "Thank you." "That wasn't a compliment." "So?" Draco inquired as soon as his late godfather had returned to his portrait with billowing black robes. "Excuse me?" "What did you find out?" "Aside from my godson starting sentences with an unbecoming 'so'?" Draco impatiently tapped his expensive Italian slipper on the soft rug. "You sound like my mother," the blond drawled. "Thank you." "That was no compliment -now, back to business. What, my dear potions master, could your covert self find out?" "Your pretty project keeps company beneath even her. I saw her talking to Filch, and they exchanged opinions about, and I quote, 'how to get rid of all the mess afterwards'." Draco gasped involuntarily, everything hinted at his worst suspicions. Damn, that was so predictable, wasn't it? The moment he had gotten rid of his past crimes and found a woman only remotely attractive, she had to go and make plans to become the next Lord of The Rings or whatever evil she was planning. But he had no proof yet… With a conviction he was surprised about, he left the room, only grabbing one of the