The Closet Relativity Theory By Mr. Benzedrine For LightofEvolution Because, my beautiful, you deserve your time. And it will come. One setback will not let you fall short of becoming what I know you will become. And you will be wonderful. And never lose your hope. Because I haven't. (hearts) Summary: Draco Malfoy gets locked a closet with Hermione Granger at a party. But is that all to the story? Comedy, Romance, Mystery and so much smut to come. Dramione 3 part series. Rated M FOR A REASON. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, and I will not make a profit from this story. Unless you include friendships, because I'm rich in those. As always, thank you to the wonderful waymay for proofing and feeding me plot bunnies to sink my teeth into. Like Bunnicula. ;D Waymay has a new Dramione/Blamione titled "Background" that I AM DYINGGGGGGG about. I love it so much, so, please, give it a read! I've read it all the way through (hehe) and can attest it is quite an amazing story indeed. Also, check out LightofEvolution's works "High on Magic" and "Branches". ~A. This beautiful bit of work was inspired by LightofEvolution's writing prompt: "Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. That's relativity." -Albert Einstein I asked her if I could write her a one-shot , because she's been having some hurdles to overcome lately. And she deserves her happy ending. ;D Part One: An Unexpected Party "Tiffany Blews" by Fall Out Boy *(*)* "Well… this is… a tad awkward." " Wonderful deduction." They stared at each other in the darkened closet; their only source of light peeked from underneath the door, where their friends could be heard outside, sniggering. Draco watched as Hermione Granger fidgeted nervously with her strapless dress, wriggling it up higher to keep anything from popping out. Her brown ringlets fell loosely around her shoulders, caging her face in a halo of bushy curls. Draco fidgeted with his tie, hooking his pointer finger through the knot, loosening it, and then tightening it once more. How had they ended up here? It wasn't as if they were children. They were beyond infantile games. So, how in Salazar's name had Draco Malfoy allowed his friends to convince him to play such a juvenile game as spin-the-firewhiskey-bottle? On second thought, he knew exactly how. Because his friends were snakes. Snakes in the grass, looking to strike at anyone's weakness. And Draco Malfoy's currently stared him down with a crease in her brow. "Well, Malfoy. We're here. Now what?" "Now what?" Draco quirked a dangerous eyebrow. "You sure you want me to answer that?" He stepped forward, into her personal bubble, inhaling the scent of lavender and green tea. He listened to her jagged breathing as he leaned in, dangerously close -could literally feel the heat pulsating off her skin. He was tired of the games. The pretenses. Six months. Six bloody months and not a word. He dragged his lips over hers, testing -taunting. "It's called seven minutes in heaven, right?" He rested the fingerpads of his left hand around the curve of her arm, trailing them up her shoulder, the curve in her neck, brushing his thumb against her jaw. "Personally, I think this is my very own Hell, made just for me." She sighed airily, staring into his eyes. "Why would you say such a thing?" Draco's smirk widened. "I think you and I both know the answer to that." His free hand snaked its way down her side, resting gently on her hip. Four Hours Ago "Oh, come on, Zabini! That's expensive scotch, that is!" Draco grumbled loudly as he watched his friend untuck a bottle of Lucius Malfoy's aged scotch from the wet bar in the Parlor Room of the Malfoy Manor. To his disgruntlement, Blaise popped off the stopper and poured out six glasses: one for himself, Draco, Goyle, Pansy, Daphne, and Theo. It was supposed to be a small get together while his parents away. So, when the magical chime echoed through the house, alerting them to visitors, it took Draco Malfoy by surprise. He cocked his head in the direction of the front door, his eyebrow already poised like a dragon ready to swoop in and fry up unwelcome guests in his den. He crisply snatched the glass of scotch from his friend's hand before starting in the direction of the hallway -Blaise cut him off. "That'll be the caterer, most likely." "Caterer?" Draco whipped his head back around. "I didn't order any food." "I did," said Pansy simply, shrugging her delicate shoulders. "You what?" His eyes narrowed. "Why would you do that?" "Felt a bit peckish, I imagine." She crossed the floor and patted him on the cheek. "I'll just go sort it out, then." She shot her friends a flirtatious wink and excused herself from the room. It should have been his first clue, but Draco's mind wasn't focused today. His eyes kept glancing over to the morning paper every few minutes or so, though he tried to resist it. Why did he care if 'War Heroine returns from her six month stay overseas'? Pah. As if he would be interested in hearing about it. She meant nothing to him. Nothing. With Pansy gone, Blaise took the reins, yet again, and plucked up the morning edition of the Daily Prophet. "Interesting turn of events, eh?" "Hardly. Why does the Prophet feel the need to chime in about every detail of the Golden Trio's life? Godric, it's ridiculous." Blaise exchanged smirks with Theo. "I was talking about the Chudley Cannons winning yesterday's match." Embarrassment shrouded him, and Draco snorted into his glass of scotch in response. Another chime. Theodore Nott reached into his pockets, glanced at his timepiece, and smirked widely. "Right on schedule." "What's on schedule?" "Hmm?" Theo flashed a set of pearly white teeth. "Oh, never you mind, Draco. I'll be back in two ticks." He gave a sarcastically formal bow and took his leave. Draco glanced between Blaise and Goyle, who were looking any which way but at him . "Spill it. What's going-?" A third chime echoed loudly through the Parlor. Goyle gave an apologetic grin and muttered, "Decorations, I imagine," before he scurried off, sniggering into hand. Draco's eyes zoomed in on Blaise, who sipped leisurely from his glass of scotch while staring up at a Malfoy family portrait. "They got your nose wrong, I think. Yours is a bit more pointed." "What's going on?" "Going? Nothing. Coming …" Blaise grinned. "What's coming , then?" "You, if you're lucky." "Zabini…" Draco growled. "I don't like being toyed with." "It's a party, Draco. Relax." The Slytherin-alumnus threw his arm around his blond-haired friend. "Think of it as… a reunion." "A reunion?" Draco's mouth fell slack, and his eyes turned to slits. "I don't want a bloody reunion. A reunion with whom ?" "With our Hogwarts alumni, of course!" Blaise withdrew his arm and clapped his hands together excitedly. "Five years out the gate. Worth celebrating, isn't it?" "No." The blond blinked. "Not really. -And besides, when were you going to let me in on this little debauchery? Considering you decided to hold it in my home ." "Eh, semantics. So we're holding it in your home, so what? Your parents are out on holiday. It's the perfect occasion to sow our oats and be wild!" Draco looked unconvinced as he nursed his scotch. "One would think the Master of the home would have some say in someone throwing a party in it…" "And I'm telling you now ." Blaise plucked his glass of scotch off the table and clinked it against Draco's. "What do you say, Malfoy? Care for a bit of fun?" "No." "Well, too late! The guests will be arriving…" He turned around and glanced at the grandfather clock near the fireplace. "Oh. In about an hour?" "An hour ?" Draco shook his head. "No. I won't have it." "Why not?" Blaise looked at his friend with honest bewilderment. "I've never known you to turn down a perfectly good party -especially one thrown in your honor." "Yes, but it's not in my honor, is it? Why do I want to fraternize with a bunch of ex-classmates I don't care about?" "Why else do men do anything, Draco? For the clunge , that's why." Blaise shook his pointer finger absentmindedly, lost in his imagination. "And there will be loads of it, I guarantee you. Plenty of pretty ladies ripe for the picking, just waiting for us to get our immaculate mitts on them. -I know you're a bit stingy in the cock-giving department-" Draco flinched. "-Could you not talk like you're still fifteen with a walking erection everywhere you go?" "-But," Blaise continued, ignoring his friend, "I know just the snatch that'll make you rethink the entire party in a new light." He snatched up the newspaper and thrust it in front of Draco's face. "Her name rhymes with… well, I'm not sure what it could rhyme with, really…" Draco grabbed the top of the newspaper and shoved it down, out of his eye line, his eyes wide and horrified. "You're entirely off, Zabini." "Am I?" Blaise turned the paper towards him and eyed over the picture of a certain curly-haired brunette putting a hand up over her face to avoid the flash of a camera. "Oh, well, if you aren't interested, maybe I should just sort her out myself." In a blur, Draco snatched the paper away from Blaise and folded it gently under his arm. "As if she would even consider a cur like you." Blaise grinned ear to ear. "Look who suddenly got possessive." "Not possessive. Simply realistic. She's not some sickle-store tramp who just finds herself in cupboards with random blokes." "Ah, but there will be alcohol -lots of it. And music. And, perhaps, just a bit more deconstruction of inhibitions. A lot can change in five years. Or six months." Blaise's brown eyes flickered down to the newspaper lodged between Draco's arm and side. "Let yourself live a little. You're too serious. Just like your father." "Thank you." "That wasn't a compliment." Suddenly, a small cough broke the two men from their bickering, and they turned their heads to discover Daphne Greengrass, completely forgotten about in the corner of the room. She narrowed her eyes, rose to stand from her small corner chair, and said, "No one ever remembers me!" before storming off in the direction of thefloo. A decorated ballroom, a live band, fifty pounds of food, and a shite load of obnoxious Hogwarts-colored party decorations later, Draco stood in the corner of the party, nursing a new glass (this time, of firewhiskey) and dressed in a fine charcoal blazer and onyx trousers. Around his neck, he wore his favorite emerald tie. His hair was brushed back, out of his eyes, though he fashioned it shorter on the sides these days. He was the spitting image of perfection, yet his eyes wore dark circles of contempt as they gazed out at the party goers, each dressed in a version of their house colors. His Slytherin friends had done a number in the short amount of time allotted, and because all of his friends were obnoxiously wealthy, the paid a great sum of money to put the finest touches on the evening's festivities. Some newer, hipper version of a band, much like the Weird Sisters, danced and thrashed on a stage at the far end of the grand hall. Most of the guests were jumping and dancing to the upbeat sounds of guitar, bass, and drums, but not Draco. No, he made sure to stay as far away as possible from the partygoers. Ever since the War, he enjoyed keeping to himself, and only throwing parties when it was convenient for him.