Prompt: "There is no need to call me Sir, Professor." ― Harry James Potter. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Summary: Harry's determined to win back Hermione's heart, but can he do it without sticking his foot in his mouth? Harmony. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, and I will not make a profit from this story. Bet and Alpha love goes to: LondonsLegend, LightofEvolution, and SaintDionysus Was written for a comp, but was disqualified for having alphas. Didn't know I wasn't allowed them, but it gave me an opportunity to go 200 words over the limit to give the story the little extra oomph it needed. I hope you love it. ~A. The song that inspired this fic: "Water Under the Bridge" by Adele. "If you're not the one for me Then how come I can bring you to your knees? If you're not the one for me Why do I hate the idea of being free? And if I'm not the one for you You've gotta stop holding me the way you do Oh honey, if I'm not the one for you Why have we been through what we have been through? If you're gonna let me down, let me down gently Don't pretend that you don't want me Our love ain't water under the bridge." Harry hadn't meant to spill his morning cup of tea over his tie and dress shirt, nor did he mean to knock over his ink bottle and spill fresh onyx onto his morning briefings. He blamed the words scribbled across the parchment he held in his left hand and what they requested. More importantly, he blamed himself for becoming worked up about some blasted words. But the letters sewn together in cursive held more significance to him than his tea, or his tie, or his shirt, or his briefings—because they were from her. Harry, I hope this letter finds you satisfactory. I write to you today in hopes that you could make some time out of your schedule for the students of Hogwarts. As you well know, I have been the Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor here for the last two years, and I would like to give something new a try. Would you be interested in being a guest speaker to my seventh year students? I think it would motivate them (as they're always asking about you). Let me know if you could find a way. I have already approved this proposal with Headmistress McGonagall. Hope all is well! Congratulations on your promotion to Deputy Auror. Neville and I are very proud of you. He says hello, and he can't wait to see you again, should you decide to accept my invitation. Hermione Hermione. Harry read her signature again and again, as if it was a code to decipher. No 'sincerely' or even a last name. Just Hermione. Well, that was friendlier than Professor Granger, he imagined, but still...just what did it mean? Was she writing as Hermione, his long time best friend? Hermione the D.A.D.A. Professor? Or could the simple stroke of her signature mean she was still thinking about him, too? Harry ran his fingers through his hair, taking a shaky sip from his cup only to realize it was empty because he wore its contents before sighing and leaning back in his comfy office chair. The nights were lonely, and the days even more so. Seeing this letter from Hermione...it did things to his insides, jumbling them around like his stomach was a ball pit and a three-year-old decided to take a dive into them. Two years, and he still wasn't over her. "I'm knackered, and it isn't even ten in the morning," he muttered to himself, finally exerting enough energy to release his wand from the holster on his hip and tidy up the mess he made. Still, there was no saving those pesky briefings; he'd have to request a new copy from his secretary. Meanwhile, he could stare at Hermione's letter and painfully wonder (to himself, of course) where it all went wrong. They'd been happy, once. That much he was certain, but the rest of it... Knock, knock! His secretary pried open the door and said, in her mousy undertone, "Auror Potter, is everything alright? I heard a scream." Harry tucked Hermione's letter quickly into his desk drawer, trying to feign a nonchalant yawn. "I, er, wouldn't exactly call it a scream, would you, Helen? More of a...manly exertion." Helen raised both her bushy eyebrows, perplexed. "No, Auror Potter, it was certainly a scream. Oh, Morgana! Your tie!" She pointed at Harry's stained outfit. Damn, he knew he'd forgotten something. "It's nothing, really," he insisted, noticing the concern in Helen's eyes. "I'll just use some magic and-" "- Magic won't get out those stains so easily. Lucky for you, I happen to keep several ties in my desk for just these occasions." "You wouldn't happen to keep a spare shirt, would you?" Harry asked flippantly, smirking. So it was with great surprise when Helen's thin lips broached into a spritely smile. "As a matter of fact," she said, turning to, no doubt, retrieve the clothing in question. "Wait! I was- I wasn't-" But it was too late; Helen was gone, and Harry was left to feel like an arse for trying to be cheeky. He should have known better, considering Helen wasn't one to pick up on a healthy dose of teasing. Another sigh. "So much for sarcasm." Sweaty. M erlin, my hands are far too sweaty for this, Harry thought as he approached the steps of Hogwarts, choking down his heart lodged in his throat. The school still cast a majestic shadow in its wake, leaving him in awe. However, his alma mater was nothing compared to the sight of the curly-haired brunette standing at the top of the steps, her hands tucked behind her back. She wore a casual set of dress slacks (well, casual for her , he imagined) and a summer blouse that shook in the Saturday afternoon wind. Her face was calm, serene even, but he noticed the way her eyes lit up just a smidgen as their gazes met. He thought about opening his mouth to speak, but he feared his heart might explode and he would vomit it all over the schoolyard, so he kept it shut tight, opting for a friendly wave of the hand instead; the breeze felt nice on his clammy palm. His heart flatlined, waiting for a response. She waved back. It was enough to kickstart the organ back to life. "Harry." Hermione took one step, and then the other, down the staircase to meet him as he began his ascent toward her. He thought about reaching out to hug her, like they did in their childhood, but the dynamic between them was different now. Instead, he settled on ruffling his hand through his tresses (out of habit) and stopped just short of the step she stood on. Even still, Harry towered over her. His lanky form soaked up the heat radiating from her like a sponge, and his eyes took in the freckles on her cheeks just as greedily as he glanced at the pink along the bridge of her nose. "Hey," he said. "Hello," she said back. "Er...thanks for having me," he attempted a grin, pushing his glasses up his nose. Hermione nodded crisply. "The students are all very excited to meet you." Yeah. The students. That's why I'm here, isn't it? Harry licked his lips and agreed, "And I'm excited to meet them." "I also appreciate you coming early to discuss the parameters of what I want you to go over with them." "Sure, Hermione. You know I'd do anything for you." It was the wrong thing to say; her face contorted into one of formality while she backed up a step and turned around, her curls bobbing as she began toward the looming doors. "Come on. I'll show you to your room." Fighting the urge to stare at her derriere, Harry lightly smacked his cheek and took to following her, having to quicken his pace to keep up. The first step into Hogwarts caused a wave of nostalgia to crash against him, and he hesitated in the doorway. The smells, the sounds, the magic in the air - Hogwarts had been his home for some of the most important years of his life. Coming here again made him want to race to the Gryffindor Common Room, eat some every flavored beans, and beg Hermione to help him with his homework. Hermione seemed to understand the glint in his eye when she peered over her shoulder, because she paused her brisk pace and said, "I know." "It looks different," he noted. "There were many repairs to Hogwarts after the War, especially to the entrances and staircases." "A lot of things have changed," he admitted. Four Years Ago "I'm done, Harry! I'm just...done!" Hermione sniffled into the sleeve of her sweater, staining it with her dripping mascara as she swiped back up her cheeks. She looked so pretty under the twinkling streetlights of Diagon Alley, even as she cried and tried to avoid the curious eyes around her. Harry never knew how to deal with a crying Hermione; she so rarely showed such weakness in front of anyone, but he was glad it could be him. He reached out, pulling her to bury her face into his jacket as a gust of wind shook them both to the bones. "He said he would be here," she whispered. "I'm sure there's a good reason-" "There's always a good reason," she snapped, tilting her head up to face him. "Excuses, more like. Every time he asks me for a second chance, I give it to him. And then, just when I think things are going back to the way they were...Why am I such a gullible idiot, Harry?" A smirk crossed his lips as he rubbed his hand up and down her spine, trying to soothe her. "Osmosis, I guess." She snorted at that, resting her cheek against his chest. " You came." "You told me to." "I told Ron, too , but he still didn't come." "Ron loves you, Hermione. He's just…" He tried to find the words to describe his best friend without ruining the 'mate-code' they kept between them. "He's stagnant." " Someone's been reading the dictionary I got him for his birthday…" "Hey, I know words." Harry stuck out his tongue, even when he knew she couldn't see it. Somehow, it made the action that much better. "But he is, Hermione. Until he figures out what he wants to do in life, he's never going to feel he's good enough for you." "Did he say that?" "Something like that." "Did you know he wasn't coming?" "No," he lied, knowing the truth would hurt her worse. "But I had a feeling…" Maybe that would soften the blow. " You came." "I did." There was a moment of silence between them as they stood on the edge of the sidewalk, waiting for the main event. She still hadn't untucked herself from his arms, but he wasn't complaining. "Are you alright, Harry?" "Hmm?" "Your heart is racing." "Oh. Um…" He felt his ears warm, and he was thankful that he caught sight of Neville approaching so he could change the subject. There was no way in Hell he would tell Hermione why his heart beat wildly in his chest; for a clever girl, she still didn't know, and that was fine by him. "Look, Neville's here." "Neville?" Hermione's voice caught, and she began swiping at her eyes as she uncurled herself from his arms. "Are my eyes puffy? I don't want him to know I was crying…" Harry brushed his thumb across her cheek, wiping away the last remnants of her mascara. She was just as pretty without it, in any case. "All set." "Thank you, Harry." His thumb lingered on