Wrote this on a whim. Kinky themes. Part one of four. Super thank you to WayMay for editing and believing in this, even when I thought it might be sh*t. You always have my back, and for that, I thank you dearly. ~A. Bond By MrBenzedrine Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, and I won't make a profit from this story. Unless you count friendship/followers as profit. Dramione shipping Rated M for lemons and future lemons. Part 1 of 4. "Paralyzer" by Finger Eleven "Luna, I don't quite feel comfortable…" She stared across the front lawn of a lavish looking, three-tier building made up of black bricks and no windows. Surrounding the establishment were trees on all sides- privacy, she noted shyly, for all attending 'guests.' There was one circular slab of concrete fifty feet away for Apparition arrivals and departures, where Hermione and Luna stood, and a beautifully constructed path made of cobblestones leading up to the front door. Luna Lovegood gave her friend a cheerful smile and patted her shoulder. "This will be good for you, Hermione. You need to unwind -you said it yourself." "Yes," Hermione nodded, wrapping her arms around herself as she glanced down at her white sundress accented with blue flowers. The halter straps around her neck dug in too tight to her skin (though Hermione had only herself to blame, as she tied those straps rather tight so no one would be able to untie them quickly). Her exposed legs trembled in her ballet flats as the night air picked up a considerably icy gust of wind. "But when I said that, I meant a nice cup of herbal tea and a good book. Not… this." She waved at the building with its daunting black door as the only visible way in or out. Luna shrugged in response and took her friend by the arm to lead her down the path. "Ever since your divorce, you've been nothing but a pent up bundle of nargles. -Everyone says so." "Do they?" "Yes." The blonde smiled warmly as she tugged at Hermione's arm to quicken their stride. "I promise you; there's nothing sinister behind these doors. Just a way for witches and wizards to release pent up energy." "By feeling up on each other in designated rooms?" She gave a cold laugh. "It's not like that at all," said Luna, " Bond is a place where you can have a conversation with someone if that's all you wish, or you can do more. One can act out their most irreverent fantasies in a safe, structured environment. There are rules. Safety regulations. It's just up your alley." "Except the part where I'm expected to pick a random stranger to engage in sexual acts with." Luna came to an abrupt stop, turning her head up towards the slightly taller witch. "The first tier is just a nightclub. You can have a drink, dance, and unwind. You don't have to explore the other two floors. But I do think this will be good for you." "Why did I agree to this in the first place?" "Because you know it's what you need. And because I told you that I wouldn't sign your petition unless you came out for a drink with me." "A drink." Hermione nodded. "Yes. Exactly. A drink. Not this !" "You never specified where ." Hermione sighed and gave up, allowing Luna to walk her all the way up the front steps and to the large, metal door with a silver, hooped knocker. Luna reached her hand up, knocked on it once, twice, and then two quick times, and the door swung open immediately. The hallway looked dark and secluded, and Hermione backed up. "I… I don't think anyone's home." "It's just a glamour. Come on. In you pop." Luna shoved her friend inside, and when Hermione's feet broke through the threshold, the dark entryway lit to life with color. Surrounding her was a large, lavish nightclub; the walls were draped in red velvet on three sides, and on the fourth stood a wall lined with shelves of liquor all the way to the ceiling. A bar, complete with black, cushioned swivel chairs and scantily clad witches brewing alluring alcoholic concoctions, ran the length of the fourth wall. The dance floor was packed with sweaty bodies, jumping and gyrating to some pulsing, rhythmic bass that shook Hermione down to her bones as she took a few more steps inside. Luna came up behind her, her red lipstick pulling back into a smile that said, 'told you you'd like it'. A burly looking wizard with a shaved head walked over to them with his wand. "Welcome to Tier One, ladies." Luna offered out her left hand, and the wizard waved his wand over it- a red X glowed underneath her skin and disappeared. Hermione raised an eyebrow as the wizard looked impatiently to her, and it took Luna elbowing her in the ribs for her to thrust her hand out and allow him to do the same. The X tingled as it glowed back at her, but when it faded away, the sensation left. "Right. Tonight is ladies' night, so witches drink for half price. If you find someone interesting enough to proceed to Tier Two, please see Tommy over at the staircase." He nudged to a slender, shorter wizard with curly brown hair and a clipboard. "Enjoy yourselves." "We will," Luna grinned, tugging Hermione around the arm over to the edge of the bar top. "What is the X for?" Hermione asked inquisitively. "It's a consent spell. If at any time you don't like what someone is doing, the red X lights up, and the bouncers are alerted to step in. I told you -safety." Hermione blinked down at her hand twice, flexing her fingers. "That's… quite brilliant." "See? Nothing to worry about." An edgy witch with purple hair and a nose ring walked up on the other side of the counter, smiling to Luna. "Lu! Nice to see you." "Hi, Jez," Luna grinned, blushing. "The usual tonight?" "Double it, please. I'm treating my friend for a night out." The bartender named Jez looked Hermione over, nodded, and gave Luna -dare Hermione think it -a jealous look. "She's a pretty one." "And as straight as they get," Luna replied. Jez seemed thoroughly satisfied with the answer, and poured them two shots of fire whiskey, and another shot each of pixie rum. "I get off work in an hour," she told the blonde, giving her a small wink. Hermione now understood why Luna enjoyed this particular club so much. It wasn't because of what went on at the other levels. It was because Luna found herself a beautiful bartender to enjoy said time on the other two levels. Which meant in an hour, when she would no doubt flitter off to locate the bartender when her shift ended, Hermione would have the opportunity to slip out the front door, no harm, no foul. Relief flooded over her, and she gave out a sigh of contentment. 'Oh, what the Hell?' she thought and downed her shots, happily. Luna looked impressed, and she toasted Hermione to a "Night of frivolous intentions and bad decisions!" It didn't take long for the alcohol to hit Hermione's bloodstream -she was a lightweight, more than she cared to admit, and soon Luna had her out on the dance floor, attempting to sway to the beat of the songs as the vibrating bass tickled her skin. A few men tried to approach her to dance, but she waved them off politely, opting for dancing with her friend instead. While she danced, she took the time to observe the rest of the club. Along the three walls with velvet drapes, there were tables. Each table had a particular rune associated with it, and two to four wizards or witches with flute glasses or crystal tumblers. The VIP section, no doubt. She also noticed that some of the men and women at the sectioned tables wore black domino masks. "Luna," Hermione whispered in her friend's ear, (or shouted because the music was blaring around them), "Why do the VIP's wear masks?" "They're not VIP's," said Luna, "They're the ones who've come here with their spouses." "What?" Hermione frowned. "You mean they come here to cheat?" "No." Luna realized that her friend had given up on the dancing, and she ushered her back to a corner pocket table with a flowing rune that resembled a figure eight. Hermione was surprised that they had found a table so quickly, but then again, Luna was a regular. "There's a few couples who come here together to… swing." "Swing?" "You know… exchange partners for the night." Hermione gasped. "People do that?" Luna rolled her eyes. "Yes, Hermione. People do quite a bit of things besides drink tea and read books." "And… and they're alright with it? All of them?" "How should I know?" Her friend shrugged. "But they wear the masks out of respect for their partners. It's a declaration for the singles in the area; 'I'm taken, so don't get attached.' Makes things less complicated for people, such as yourself." "Such as myself?" "You know. Someone who might get attached." Hermione couldn't help but laugh. "You talk like I'm going to pick someone from this place and dive right in." "Who knows? You might find someone you're interested in. All I'm saying is that you needn't bother yourself with the masked ones. They usually just trade off amongst themselves. They're not your speed." Feeling a bit insulted, Hermione crossed her arms and watched her friend saunter off to fetch them more alcohol. It was intriguing, watching the men and women in the domino masks, and soon Hermione found her eyes trailing over each and every one, trying to piece together their story. Were they happy being here? Did they feel comfortable with passing their significant other off to someone else? Did they feel at all branded by the masks, or was it liberating to hide their identities? She watched a beautiful brunette leave with a caramel-creamed gentleman in one of those masks, strolling hand in hand, across the dance floor over to the set of ebony steps leading up to the second tier. The wizard called 'Tommy' waved a wand over both of their left hands, finding them reasonable, and unclasped a velvet rope to allow the couple their ascension to Hermione's unknown. "Getting more interested in that second tier, are we?" Luna giggled, returning with a martini glass full of some frothy, green liquid that gave off the smell of green apples. Hermione licked a bit of foam off the top, accidently catching the eye of a domino-masked gentleman in the opposite back corner at the same time. She wasn't sure how she knew he was watching her. The club was so dark and the fact that his face in her general direction didn't mean his eyes were actually on her , but her gut jerked, and her instincts flared. Even from this far away, she could tell he was handsome. His features were sharp, and his body was lean. He looked a tad familiar, but then again... "Hermione?" "Hmm?" "Would you mind terribly if I…" She nudged off towards the bar, where the bartender Jez had already collected her purse. Hermione shook her head and waved her hand. "Go on, Luna. I'm going to finish this and probably be off. -I had a lovely time. Really." "Are you sure?" "Yes. Go on. Off you pop." "Thanks, I shouldn't be too long… maybe you'll stay?" She gave her friend an encouraging nod, and Luna gave her a hug before skittering off to meet Jez on the edge of the dance floor. Together, the two made their way to Tommy and the rope and ascended the staircase into the unknown. 'By that time, I'll be long gone,' thought Hermione, taking another sip of her foamy beverage. The brew