Which Witch? Rating: T Synopsis: School lets out in one month, and Draco still hasn't told Hermione he's fallen for her. When she offers to help him win over the 'mystery woman' he's pining over, what is a Slytherin to do but say yes? Prompt: Really, Malfoy? Chocolates? Can it get anymore cliché? If you want to win over that mystery woman of yours, you're going to have to do better than that," Hermione says, rolling her eyes at him. Beta Love: The wonderful LondonsLegend and LightofEvolution! Author: MrBenzedrine Written for the Strictly Dramione Spring Fest 2017. *(*)* Draco Malfoy is the man with the plan - ehh, sort of. He's been mulling an idea around in his head for some time now...okay, more than some time. Ever since the War ended, Draco began to realize a stir of -ugh, feelings- in his chest every time she walked by. It started with a pang. A simple hop in his chest. But now...now those feelings were progressing into something stronger. Something he couldn't control. It didn't help that the two of them were assigned the Head Boy and Head Girl positions together. He hadn't anticipated McGonagall to have such a soft spot in her heart for him, though, why had he been surprised at all? The woman, though formidable, is kinder on the inside than she appears. When she gave him the position, she'd rambled on about 'Rebuilding the gap in House Unity' or some tripe. He understood why Hermione got the job, insufferable little know-it-all that she was. She was outgoing and persistent, much like a speck of lint that kept coming back to a shirt due to static electricity - which, incidentally, was how Draco would have described the jolt in his stomach every time she passed him a folder or handed him a spare bit of parchment. Damn it. Nearly one year after almost dying in a sodding war, and his ultimate fear isn't the memories of battle, but of the witch sitting on the sofa opposite him: Hermione Jean Granger. No, he isn't a stalker...he's just overheard Ginny Weasley using it in mock-chastisement. Jean. What an odd middle name. Muggle, presumably, and not the least bit flattering. "Hmph," he sighs, rolling his Quidditch-themed pen across the notebook lazily. What he wouldn't give for a good cup of something strong to get the jitters out of his system. Today marks one month before classes end and Hermione's vacation to Aruba begins. One month, and she will disappear to soak up the sun and sample local food, music, and men with Potter and Weasley. She isn't seeing anyone (as the rumor mill would have definitely let him know if she was), so it's a ripe time to pluck the forbidden fruit before someone else. But he has no idea how to go about it. Every time he opens his mouth to try to articulate his thoughts, they come out as something snarky like, "Did you even try to comb your hair today?" or "Good gracious, Granger, who told you that pink and red could be worn together?" He'd receive a healthy snip in return, something to the effect of, "Someone appreciates alliteration, doesn't he?" And then, there were the 'trying to be nice' things, like holding the door for her or offering spare parchment, but apparently these things were simply considered 'proper' by today's standards and not at all flirtatious. Rubbish, all of these feminist approaches to dating are. How was he supposed to tell someone he liked them if he couldn't even flirt the proper, pureblood way? How had his father wrangled his mother into a date initially? Bribery, he supposes. "Malfoy?" His head tilts up at the sound of her melodic voice tickling his ears, but his mouth pulls back in that signature, snarky smirk of his - something he's always done as a means to mask his true emotions. What he wants to say is, 'Yes, Hermione?' but what comes out is, "Dear Merlin, are we talking now?" "Is something the matter? You seem distracted," she notes, raising her eyes from her scribbling something down in her notes up to his eyeline. The only ground he's made is that they've taken to studying together in their common room, albeit in silence and without consulting one another. The only time they ever speak is when they're paired together for an assignment (which is often, as they are two out of the five that have come back to finish their final year) or when they must perform rounds. Ten at night, patrolling corridors, and he has yet to act on impulse and slam her up against a portrait and have his way with her. Fantasies. That's all he can muster when it comes to Hermione Granger's affections. "I'm trying to study," he grumbles, tapping his pen to his notebook irritably. He notices she still writes with one of the Hogwarts regulation quills. Her hands are stained with bits of dried ink from where they've rubbed against her parchment. The pen he holds in his hand does the same thing and dries instantly - the best part is a professor can't tell the difference in strokes. Slytherins work smarter, not harder, and he inwardly chastises the Gryffindor across from him for being so diligent with the rules. He hates it, because all it does is make him admire her. "Is that why you stopped writing ten minutes ago?" she asks, lolling her head to the side. She still wears her Hogwarts jumper and skirt, (regulation, of course), and the material of her sweater pulls up, revealing her stomach when she stretches to yawn, leaning her head back against the sofa. Draco gulps softly and tears his eyes back to his notebook. "I'm thinking." "That's dangerous." A playful grin spreads across her face. Draco is confused. Since when does she smile at him? His defenses spring out like claws, and he snaps, "Perhaps for those who don't know how to utilize thoughts properly. But as it were, one of the people in this room is more than capable." Just for an added bonus, he concludes, "I'll give you a hint, Granger. It isn't you." "Charming, as always." She blows the ink on her parchment dry before scrolling it up and setting it on the coffee table between them. "But if you're talking about yourself, I'd like to point out that you, obviously, aren't as observant as you think." "Come again?" "You aren't studying at all, are you?" She leans forward, swinging her legs underneath her. She crawls comfortably to the edge of the sofa and rests her elbow on the arm rest, followed by her chin in her hand. "No books. No trained look in your eye…" "You're analyzing me now?" "Observing," she corrects. Then she thinks about it. "Maybe analyzing a little ." " Why ?" he drawls. "Because you look like you're about to burst," she states. "So what is it? What could make Draco Malfoy so flustered?" "I'm not flustered." "Your tie is crooked, your hair is out of place, and I haven't heard you grumble under your breath since you plopped down in that chair an hour ago. Either you're sick, or you're contemplating something." "Leave it alone Granger," he growls quietly, pulling his journal closer to him. Her eyes are instantly drawn to it, and fascination breaches her face. "Are you writing something? Poetry?" " Poetry? Why in Merlin's great name would I be writing poetry ? Do I look like the sort of chap that pours his feelings out into intricate sonnets? Do I?" "Alright, Malfoy. Simmer down. It was just a guess," she shrugs. Another moment goes by. "So what is it?" "Were you always this nosey in school? I refuse to believe your thirst for knowledge has gotten stronger over the last year." Hermione stands up, taking a step toward him that has his heart racing a mile a minute. "Let me see." Draco narrows his eyes. "No. Go sate your curiosities elsewhere." She takes another step closer. And then another. "Don't be a child. It's alright if it is poetry. I won't judge you." "It isn't bloody poetry , Granger-" he starts, but he cuts himself off when she dives for the book. Quickly, he tucks it between his back and the chair, smirking as he takes in her close proximity. Her hand still reaches out to where the book was moments before, ever so close to his chest. Her other hand leans on the armrest of his chair, her face painstakingly close to his. "You seriously have no self-control, do you?" he quips. "Oh, fine." She rolls her eyes. "Be your secretive-self. See if I care." She stands upright and crosses her arms in a small pout. It's adorable. Triumphantly, Draco pulls his notebook back out and wags it in front of her face. "I put the sly in Slyther-" The book is ripped from his hands in an instant, and he jerks out of his chair in time for her to open the pages back up to the bookmark in the center. "Well, this doesn't look like poetry," Hermione muses, facing him but taking a step back out of caution. The ferocity in his gaze is unnerving, he's sure. " I'm not sure where to begin," she reads aloud. " So I'll just start out by saying I love your laugh. " Draco tenses where he stands, afraid to move, to speak, to breathe. Shit, shit, double shit, triple shit and the like. How the Hell could he have let this happen? " The room lights up when you smile, but you'll never know it. You're too proud to see such vanities. " Hermione's eyebrows furrow in perplexity. To his horror, her eyes continue trailing over the words as she mouths them to herself. Finally, those same eyebrows shoot halfway up her forehead, and she turns her gaze on him. "Oh." Draco could die of mortification. "Are you happy now?" he seethes under his breath. Tucking a lock of hair behind her ear, she offers the notebook back to him. "A crush isn't anything to be ashamed of, Malfoy. We all have them." "Hmph." Yes, but not everyone had the person they harbored feelings for reading their unfinished love proclamations. "Going to gloat now? Tell the whole school I write love-letters? I wouldn't if I were you. I know where you sleep." It's meant to be a threat, but it rolls off the tip of his tongue with unrequited promise. Hermione rolls her eyes. "I actually thought it was rather sweet." He squints at her. "Did you…" His voice drips with skepticism. "Yes. It's nice to know there's a softer side to you." She chews on her lower lip in awkward silence. "So...who is she? This mystery woman of yours?" Despite his heart whamming away in his chest, he smirks. "Wouldn't you love to know?" "I asked, didn't I?" They stare at each other challengingly for a moment before Draco realizes he has the upper hand, not the lower. She's genuinely curious, and it's eating her up inside. His emotions be damned, he can't resist a bit of fun. "Is your love life that inadequate you feel the need to butt into mine?" It sounds harsh, but the smirk on his face is teasing. Hermione gives a light shrug and turns away from him, her mouth creased in a smile. "You'll never win her over with something like that!" She sets off toward the staircase leading up to her bedroom door and climbs the steps one by one with confidence. It's as if she knows what she's said has struck a chord in him. With a flippant yawn she peers back over her shoulder before retreating into her bedroom, allowing Draco free of the spell she's placed on him. Draco collapses back in his chair, gripping his notebook tight. Her words echo within him, playing him like a fiddle.