Sex Ed Summary: Hermione Granger comes to Hogwarts to teach a much needed Biology curriculum to the students. Draco Malfoy, the Potions teacher, doesn't approve of the sex ed. A bet ensues. Who will come out victorious? Chapter One: A Bet ~"The Good, The Bad and The Dirty" by Panic! At The Disco The pitter patter of Hermione Granger's shoes as she stepped up the front steps of Hogwarts matched the nervous beating of her heart. It had been years since she had seen the school in all its grandeur. As she approached the looming sight of the front doors, anxiousness spread across her chest, up her neck, and into her jaw. She clenched it, breathing through her nose and reminding herself that she had nothing at all to be nervous for. As if sensing her presence, one of the towering wooden doors opened on its own to her, and Hermione stepped inside with bags in hand. The school smelled of holiday peppermints and thick pine trees -one of the perks of arriving at Christmas holiday, she supposed. She sat her bags down for a moment, inhaling deeply through her nose. Aside from the festive smells, there was also the scents of books and stone and learning. It eased her mind, and she was able to shake out her nerves with some waves of her arms. Argus Filch approached her from a side hall with a lantern, a foul glare written across his tempered features. "Ah…" he said, bringing the lantern down to his side. "Professor Granger, is it? Haven't seen you in quite some time." "Hello." Hermione waved her hand gleefully. "Headmistress McGonagall should be expecting me-" "-Yes." Filch said crossly, interrupting her. "She told me to escort you to your quarters and tell you she'd be out until tomorrow evening." He brushed a bit of his stringy hair out of his eyes and brought the lantern out between them. "Well, come on then. Haven't got all night, have I?" "Right." Hermione reached down and grabbed her bags, thinking to herself that aside from a bit more gray in his hair, Filch hadn't changed a bit. She followed him down the hallway, eyes scanning whatever the light of his lantern illuminated as they traveled. Hogwarts hadn't changed, really, in all of the seven years she had been away. As she followed Filch up a changing staircase, she attempted a bit of small talk. "So, should I expect the students to be rather rowdy this term?" Filch made a sound somewhere between a laugh and an airy squeak as he climbed the steps, back to her as he spoke. "The children are always brats, Professor. If I had my way, we'd be hanging them all up by their toes. As it is, remember that a good bout of detention does the trick to keep them in their place." Hermione wanted to comment on the 'toes' suggestion to say that it was practically barbaric, but thought against it at the last moment. She might need Filch on her side later on, and calling him ignorant might put a damper should she need a repair to her classroom quickly. They arrived in a small wing near the stairs leading down to the Slytherin dorms. At the end of the hall, a thick flight of stairs curled upwards in a spiral until it led to an old, wooden door with a black metal handle. "Since you're not a permanent teacher, we couldn't give you as large of a living quarter…" Filch told her, almost pleased with himself. "Up there." "Of course… classes start back up tomorrow, yes?" "Indeed." "Well… thank you very much, Argus." Hermione took to the stairs as Filch hobbled on down the hallway until the light of his lantern was no longer in sight. When she got to her door, she glanced once down the staircase illuminated by the moon all the way to the steps leading down, down, down into the Slytherin dorms. It made her a bit uneasy, being so close, but… oh, it was only a Hogwarts House, for crying out loud. She turned the handle to the door, stepped inside her quaint room, and set her bags down. Yes. She could do this. It was only for a semester… The first day of lessons had gone over well for the better part of the morning. Biology basics with the first years had been quite fun; she made the educational skeleton in her classroom dance around singing each of the bones in its body to the tune of London Bridge is Falling Down. She would have second and third years tomorrow, which meant that the class dedicated to her afternoon session would be fourth years, which brought up a very touchy curriculum. This was the entire reason McGonagall had asked her here in the first place; to educate the… hormonal teenagers to understand their bodies and how they work, in an effort to reduce the risk of sexual escapades in the halls of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. When the Headmistress had approached her, Hermione had been quite satisfied with her position as lead Healer at St. Mungos. But once McGonagall had explained the new reform to incorporate certain extra curriculars, such as higher level Math, English and Sciences, Hermione could hardly refuse the opportunity to help. The pay wasn't as important as the lesson: perhaps if witches and wizards understood their bodies a bit more, there wouldn't be such an overabundance of young pregnancies. "Understanding your body!" Professor Hermione Granger said enthusiastically, holding up a freshly bound Biology 101 book to her fourth year students. "This is an essential part of any young adult's growth and development. Headmistress McGonagall has asked me here this semester to teach you about the biology basics. About your body's changes," A few boys in the room sniggered under their breath, "And about what to do should you catch yourself acting on your hormones. In short- this will be a health class." A young boy with sandy blonde hair and Slytherin robes stuck his hand up in the air. "Yes? Mister Renaldo, wasn't it?" "Yes, ma'am." Renaldo set his hand back down. "So… are you going to teach us about sex?" Hermione Granger's face blanched. "That… is a subject that we will touch briefly on, yes." "Cool." Renaldo smirked. A Hufflepuff girl with curly hair much like Hermione's meekly drew her hand into the air. "Yes? Miss Fitz?" "What was your profession before teaching?" "A Healer. I still am." She smiled sweetly. She waved her wand theatrically, and before each student a small, velvet bag appeared in front of them. "Right. Let's start off with a pop quiz! Each one of you have been given an item in your bag. I'd like you to pull it out, identify it, and explain its purpose! If you don't know, or are unsure, that is perfectly acceptable. I would like you to try your hardest, even if some of the items are unfamiliar to-" "Bloody Hell!" A red-headed boy shouted as he waved a brassiere up in the air. "I've hit the jackpot!" The room burst out in a fit of nervous giggles and unabashed laughter. Hermione simply kept her cool smile perched on her face and nodded once. "Mister Hammond, why don't we start with you? What item did you receive in your bag?" "I got a bra," Jeremy Hammond smirked, waving it in his partner's face (a small, wispy girl with white blonde hair by the name of Sarah Tumlin). "Yes. You received some undergarments." Hermione acknowledged. "What is its purpose?" "I… I don't think I should say…" Hammond replied, his face turning beet red. The young man named Renaldo was oh so eager to answer, throwing his hand up into the air and waving it vigorously. When Hermione called on him, he clasped his hands to his chest in a mock fashion and answered, "They're to protect the boobies." The boys, and a couple of girls, sniggered behind their books. "Breasts," She corrected him, "They're called breasts. And they're not for protection, Renaldo. They're for support. Honestly, what would breasts need protection from?" The meek girl, Sarah, raised her hand. "Professor Granger… are you… allowed to speak this way? It's a bit informal…" "Talking about the body is nothing to be ashamed of, Miss Tumlin, I assure you. The more open you are to talk about it, the more educated you will become, and the better decisions you will make in regards to your personal body. -What did you receive in your bag?" Sarah reached in and pulled out a tiny square shaped bit of foil. "I… I'm not sure…" "That is a condom." Hermione reached out and plucked it from Sarah's grasp, holding it up into the air for the class to see. "How many of you are familiar with this?" A few of the muggle born students raised their hands, and possibly one or two from the half-blood group. Hermione sat the condom back down in front of Sarah and said, "A condom is a form of protection used in safe practices of intercourse." "Heh, she said 'intercourse,'" sniggered a pudgy boy in the back. "Oh, grow up," said his partner, a dark haired girl with pigtails and stunningly blue eyes. "Honestly, Liam, you possess the emotional capacity of plastic dinosaur." The girl stood up and offered out her item; a sign that read 'no means no'. "I'm Lidia Penelope Cornelia. I received a sign that says 'no means no', which is in reference to when a boy or girl wishes to stop any type of act, sexual or otherwise." Hermione's mouth fell open for a moment, taken aback. She was reminded of herself as a young girl and had to stifle a giggle into her hand. "Very good, Miss Cornelia. You may be seated." Penelope looked thoroughly pleased with herself as she took her seat and began to scribble notes onto her parchment. "I'd like everyone to take the rest of the class to analyze the items in your bags and give me a one page report on your analysis. Parchments will be due by the end of class, and you are more than welcome to work with your partners." As the class set to work on their tasks at hand, pulling parchments out of their bags and dumping the contents of their bags to the tables, two Slytherin girls in the back were sniggering as they observed their contraceptive potion. They had no idea that as their professor was circling the class to observe, she could overhear their giggling conversation. "Do you think our new Potions professor would teach us this in his class?" "He can brew my potion any day." "He's so dreamy…" The one with lighter hair set her face in her hand and prodded the potion with her finger. "I call dibs." "You cannot call dibs, Tabitha. He's at least ten years your senior." "Oh, I highly doubt that. Have you seen his dreamy eyes? They're so youthful. No, I doubt he's that much older than us." Hermione stopped behind them, pretending to observe her clipboard, but in truth she was enticed by their conversation. While these two were much too young for a handsome potion's professor, she herself was a sexually active (and deprived) adult. She hadn't met a single other teacher since she arrived (Headmistress McGonagall planned to introduce her tonight at the evening feast), so she was actually quite anxious to hear about her fellow Professors. Especially if they were handsome. Heaven's bells… she needed to get out more. "Do you think they're naturally that silver? Or do you think he wears contacts?" That should have been the first tip off. She would realize that later when she sat in bed and played over her first day in her head. But now, in the moment, it didn't dawn on her to whom they were referring. She simply listened as she