Chapter one: A Little Sense of Normal The sun shines through the window on my face. I lay in my bed, eyes closed, thankful that my nightmare didn't leave me screaming myself awake. The sunshine brings warmth and peace as do the arms around me and the breath that tickles my ear. He knows I'm awake. "Morning Katniss," Peeta whispers kissing my neck. I open my eyes to find his blue ones penetrating my gray ones. "Morning Peeta," I reply with a smile. We lay there a while longer entangled and attached to one another until Haymitch comes bursting into my room. "Katniss! Katniss! Peeta's gone…" he stops mid-sentence seeing my head poke above Peeta's shoulder. I sigh; leave it to Haymitch to ruin the moment. "Well," he pauses. Neither Peeta nor I make any effort to detangle ourselves. "Good morning, nice to see you didn't kill each other in your sleep," he says. "I slept better than I have in a while," Peeta says, his blue eyes finding my face again. Come to think of it, it wasn't the nightmare that woke me up. "It's nearly ten, get up before anyone else comes looking," Haymitch says before he closes the door behind him leaving us alone again. "I don't want to," I say. For once, I'm comfortable and happy. "I don't want you to either," Peeta's lips find mine. For a moment, I'm afraid. It's our first kiss since the second Hunger Games, I don't want him to hurt me, and I think he senses that because this is a gentle kiss. I know we both feel something different than before. Peeta is the first to pull away. For a moment, we just simply look at one another before I pull my head closer to him resting it on his chest and closing my eyes. "Come on you two! Up!" Haymitch pounds on my door. I feel Peeta release the sigh that I was thinking of. He hugs me closer to him for a moment and then moves to release my grip so he can roll over and sit up. "I'm not interested in getting in trouble," he says looking down upon me. "I don't really care. This is my house after all." I roll over onto my back. I had been comfortable wrapped up in his arms. I want nothing more than to lay here with him all day now that he is almost finally mine again. Sometimes he has moment where he'll try to kill me if I'm close enough, but the more time goes on, the less often it happens. "Katniss?" he asks looking at me. "I'm okay," I reply sitting up. I kiss his cheek and plant my feet on the ground moving to get up. Peeta doesn't move. I look and see the confusion, anger, and hurt in his eyes that signal he's about to have an attack. 6 "Haymitch!" I yell. If this is another one of his attacks I am in a rather dangerous position seeing as though my exits are closest to Peeta. Haymitch must have heard the slight panic in my voice because he's in the room faster than I can take a single step away from the bed. Since Peeta hasn't moved, Haymitch isn't currently constraining him. "Go on downstairs. Grease Sae's got breakfast waiting," he says as he positions himself between Peeta and me. I feel dejected as I make my way to the table in the kitchen. "He didn't hurt you did he?" Greasy Sae asks as she places a plate of bacon in front of me. "No, he just sat there," I say. I look at my bacon. I'm not really hungry yet. It sat there for another ten minutes before Peeta and Haymitch came down the stairs. I want to jump up from my chair and hug him, but I know I have to refrain from doing so unless he makes the first move. He still has a confused look on his face, but the hurt and anger is gone. "I think I'm okay," he says seeing me. Apparently I must look worried. "Gale isn't going to take you away. Real or not real?" Peeta asks. I hate that he still has to ask questions like this. He knows Gale isn't going to take me away from him, but his attacks are what cause the confusion and suspicion even though his heart tells him otherwise. I sigh before I answer. "Not real Peeta," I reply. Gale certainly loves me as more than a friend, but he knows that I don't return his feelings. "Gale told me once that he could never compete with you for me," I say. "So, no District 2 for you then?" Peeta asks a smile playing on his lips. "District 12 has always and will always be my home. You know that," I reply. A smile emerges on his face as he kisses the top of my head and sits down beside me taking my hand under the table. Greasy Sae places bacon in front of him and Haymitch as well. ~HG~HG~HG~ Peeta has returned to himself and the two of us, hand in hand, walk to the meadow. It's slowly turning from its black ash of destruction, to a new, pretty green of rebirth. District 12 is being rebuilt in some places, but few people have even touched the Seam. "I miss my family," Peeta says as we approach the old bakery. "I miss my sister," I reply squeezing his hand. "My mom good as abandoned me." "She's only a few Districts away though. District 4 right?" "Yes. They have a better medical practice there. She fits in better there. She can lose herself in her work as part of grieving for Prim." "I can understand that. If I tried to go back into baking though, it wouldn't help me," Peeta kicks at a rock as we continue to pass through the Seam. "Maybe not now, but I think you should go back into baking. That's your talent, you shouldn't give up on it forever," I say remembering how excited Prim would get when I'd take her to the bakery to see his amazing work. I think I miss her more than anything else in the world. "What about you Katniss? What are you going to do?" he asks. We stopped in front of the Hawthorne's old house. What am I going to do? I wonder. I could easily go back to hunting, but honestly, it wouldn't be the same without Gale. I have no pressure to be "The Mockingjay" anymore. I realize that my life is going to be pretty boring when Peeta's voice cuts through my thoughts. "You could help out at the new school with the music classes, or you could be a gardener, you're good with plants. Since medicines in your genes somewhere you could grow and sell herbal medicine," he says listing off his ideas. Though they all might work, the second one sounds the best and I'll at least consider the third. "I like your second and third idea, but I don't sing for anyone. Let's move on," I say realizing we're still standing in front of Gale's old house. "Would you sing for me?" he asks as we continue walking. "I might," I smile. "I'll hold you to that," he replies. We go on in silence, passing the Hob and several other places I used to know but now can't remember. "Can we go in the woods?" I ask after we've stopped at my old house. The woods, the lake, my hunting spot, that's where I want to be. I wonder if I can find my old bow. Maybe it's still in the tree where Gale and I used to leave our things. "You sure you want to be alone in the woods with me?" Peeta asks. He has a point, I don't want him to have an attack again where he could hurt me, but I easily counter him. "I know these woods in my sleep. I could easily lose you if I need to." I reply. To let him know I mean it, I lean over and kiss his cheek before moving in front of him and wrapping my arms around his neck. "If you're sure about it," he replies with a smile wrapping his arm around my waist and resting his forehead against mine. "I'm sure," I say closing the distance between our lips. Like earlier, Peeta's the first to pull away. I had no intention to. This kiss is different from any one we've ever had. It holds every unspoken word and thoughts we've never shared, and feelings that have been buried way too long. It's with this kiss that I realize how over Gale I am, and how much I need to move on because he isn't coming back, and he won't ever steal my heart away from Peeta. Our foreheads are still touching as we stand there in each other's arms. I can see that Peeta has something he's debating upon saying. "What is it?" I ask my hands playing in his hair. He sighs and decides to tell me. "I love you Katniss," I let his words sink in for half a second and then without thinking I reply, "I love you too Peeta," and I mean it. I do love him with my entire being. He smiles, but I don't know if he's entirely convinced that it isn't an act anymore. If that kiss didn't do it then I don't know what will. I hug him, my head resting just under his chin as his rests his head on mine. "So, still want to explore the woods?" he asks. At this point, I'd love to go home, the two of us, and be where I can have help should I need it, should he have an attack. "We can go now," I reply reluctantly. I move away and take only his hand. The fence that once surrounded District 12 is still broken in this area. Once we're in the woods, it doesn't take me long to locate the tree in which my bow is still located. I pick it up. It's not the same as my District 13 bow, but it's got a familiar feel to it. "I want to show you the lake," I say stringing an arrow and shooting the first squirrel I see. I can tell Peeta's a little nervous about this because it brings back memories of our first Hunger Games. I don't take his hand again and he follows me at a distance. He doesn't want to hurt me either. I hear the lake before I see it, and then smell it next. The air here is cooler and I feel the moisture on my skin. I turn to see how Peeta reacts. I can tell this is new to him, but for me, this is old, familiar, and something I've really missed over the last two years. We finally reach the lake where I set my weapon and squirrel against a tree and discard my shoes. Peeta is still standing where he stopped, about five yards from me. Hands in the air to show I'm defenseless I slowly approach him. "It's okay Peeta," I say. "I don't believe you'll hurt me, you've done well so far," "I hate this," he says, "I hate how I have to be so careful around you. I hate knowing that you'll do something so innocent that might trigger an attack," he replies calmly. "I don't like it much either. I can honestly say I appreciate the old you that really loved me while I pretended I liked you. It's not an act anymore though. Ask…" I trail off. Ask Finnick, or Commander Boggs, or Cinna, or Gale, or Prim, but he can't ask them. Four of the five of them are dead because of me, while the other, I'm so mad at that