Querencia: I heard this means "A place where one draws their strength, or feels most at home. where they can be their true self." Google Translate says it's Spanish for "haunt". Which is also appropriate. She stares upward at the ceiling, her tired eyes making shapes and patterns in the plaster and white paint. She is tired. So why doesn't sleep come this evening? It's not reached so easily these days. Everything around her is quieting down, but her mind is being very loud. She can't stand it. Scrubbing the heel of her hand across her eyes she gives an annoyed chuff. Sam is a very simple hobbit, thrown into very un simple circumstances. There was a time, just a year hence in fact, when her greatest concern was aphids, mildew, and earning enough coins each week. The Shire had always seemed just the right size, and she never traveled far from her own doorstep. Now, she's been made aware that the fertile valley halflings have found refuge in for generations upon generations is actually quite small in this great world. And she's glad. Right now, she feels like a little fish thrown from its little pond into a raging river, or the ocean even. She feels smaller than she already is, swallowed up by this great big world. Others towering over her not only in stature but in greatness she can't even begin to comprehend. It makes her homesick for the small, cozy, and familiar. Another lass might've curled up into a ball and wept like a babe, and the temptation is there. She however responds with a weary sigh and trudges right on forward. Like she's always done. One step at a time. But soon, she reminds herself, all four hobbits will be making their homeward journey, accompanied by Gandalf. Aragorn has been crowned, seated on the thrones of his fathers. there is nothing more that they must needs do here. Meanwhile, it's soon clear she isn't getting any sleep here in this dirty great room, all big and spacious and pristine when she's used to her little bedroom at Bagshot Row, cluttered with personal affects and shared with her youngest sister. She's not slept alone in years, not since that time she got the mumps and had to be secluded from everyone. Even in the quest there was always someone roughly within arm's reach. She feels like a little pea rattling around in an empty kettle. Surely it would do no harm to walk a bit in the long halls, perhaps look at the stars through the big windows. Sliding over the edge of the bed, landing softly on her feet and wrapping herself in a dressing gown, more for modesty than warmth, she pads out the door. She won't deny it, the Citadel of Minas Tirith is stunning. A lovely place to visit, but she wouldn't care to live here. Spying a large window with a decent seat, she plops onto it, looking out at the sky vaulting far overhead, stars like spilled salt glittering. She isn't quite sure how long she's been sitting there when she hears the soft footsteps behind her, followed by her employer's whispered, "Sam?" She looks over her shoulder to see his curious expression, his skin and eyes holding the light of the celestial bodies. "What are you doing up?" He asks. "Could you not sleep either?" "Ah, no." She laughs. "Dunno why. Felt like stargazing, for some odd fancy. " He nods, returning her smile, and walks over to set himself on the sill right beside her. "The stars in these skies are so different from the Shire, the clusters and constellations, I mean." "Really? I didn't notice. 'Course I wasn't really looking to begin with, not the way you do." His gaze lifts heavenward. "It truly brings to home how far we have traveled, the other side of the world, almost." Almost. She cannot fathom being any farther, yet she knows there is so much more to the east than Gondor and what's left of Mordor. "Soon we'll be goin' home, though." She brings up. "Yes indeed." "And everythin' will go back to... well...near normal." "Perhaps." His voice sounds flat. This twitches her attention. "Aren't you homesick?" He shoots her an odd look from the corner of his eye. "Yes, of course. Do I seem like I'm not." "Not nearly as much as I." He gives her a rueful smile. "You have more to go home to than I." She ducks her head. "M,sorry. Thought never occurred to me." She thinks back wistfully to when things were less complicated. "Sometimes..." She continues. "I wish as though it all never happened. As if nothing'd changed." It takes a moment for him to respond. "Nothing? Absolutely nothing?" She realizes he's staring at her intently, studying her. Beyond that she's not certain what he's feeling. It's the strangest thing. Mister Frodo's never been able to hide his emotions. Whether his face is pasted with a smile or suppressing one or somewhere in between, those large exprssive eyes display each emotion as clearly as if he'd written it in a book. But right now, she can't put a name on what she's seeing, and it's... unsettling. "M'sorry, but I don't know what you mean." She admits. "Never mind." He says dismissively, which of course, makes her more curious. "Frodo..." He turns back to her, corners of his mouth twitching upward faintly. "You've been calling me 'Frodo'." "Aye, so?" The shadow of a smile becomes a real smile. " Just Frodo." With a start she realizes, the habit of using honorifics has strangely been broken. Everything has been so mad, so fast-paced, it was difficult to remember the usual formalities. She's greatly embarrassed at this slip, though she knows he doesn't truly mind it, being the understanding sort. But she mustn't forget, he's her better. She must never forget. "I'm terribly sorry 'bout that, sir. Wasn't truly thinking, is all. Won't happen again." The faintest shadow comes over his face, barely perceptible, but she sees it. "Did I say something wrong?" She can't help but ask. "Not at all." But his tone doesn't sound quite happy. At least that's some clue. "You said what's expected of you." But...? "What's troubling you?" She murmurs. He looks away and back out the window. "Nothing. I'm merely tired, is all." Something in her doesn't quite believe him. "Well sir," He flinches with just the faintest tense of his shoulders "If you're needin' a listenin' ear, I'm always here." His voice is level. "Thank you Sam. I know you are." She fights back a frustrated sigh. it's in her nature to comfort. She simply must figure out what's bothering him so. "I know it's not rightly my place," She begins cautiously. "But I'd very much like to know what's on your mind." "'Not your place'?" He echoes . When he faces her again, and that strange, indeterminable look is even stronger, overwhelming. She can scarcely meet his gaze. "What is your place?" Her mouth turns dry. Somehow, she's done something wrong, very wrong, said something. But what? She must tread very carefully. "My place... I'm your gardener. I work for you." The faint pall returns. "Is that all you think you are?" He asks in a tight voice. She blinks, trying to get the wheels in her head turning. He seems strangely hurt by this. "No... no I'm not, I s'pose. I'm also your friend." He relaxes and his gaze softens. "Yes. You are my friend, my dear friend." another smile makes its way out. "I hope you never forget that." Reaching for his hand she promises. "I won't." She meets his gaze. There is something else there, very soft, but very clear affection. He leans forward slightly. "Can I make one request of you, my dear friend Sam?" "Anything." He wets his lips hesitatingly. "I don't want you to call me sir." "Eh?" "Or Mister, or Master, or anything but just plain Frodo." She wishes she could, but it goes against everything she's been taught since she was a wee little lass, barely higher than her father's knee."But... Now I don't mean to argue, but it's not real proper-like." He gives a light shake of his head. "How many things have we done in the last several months would you consider proper-like?" He asks with a smile that borders on playfulness. "Well, weren't nothing could be done for those. We had no choice, whereas..." He nods. 'I see what you mean." He has an understanding smile, but there is what appears to be the smallest flicker of... disappointment? "It was merely a request. the decision is entirely up to you." "I just... It's only that... begging you pardon... I'd much rather things go back to as they were. Now I know you're not quite wantin' the same thing, but I hardly see how things are better, 'sides the Ring bein' destroyed and Strider becoming king." That inscrutable look returns a third time. "You have changed." "Me Sir?" Is he disappointed in her answer? He smiles again, as if reading her thoughts. "Oh don't misunderstand me Sam. That was not a criticism. It was part of my point." "I don't quite understand." His expression grows softer. "You now know what you are truly capable of, how strong you can be. We both do." She begins to protest. "Weren't nothing that wasn't expected..." "No." It's soft but it silences her. "Samantha Gamgee, you went far above and beyond anything we could've asked of you. You've faced orcs, wraiths, and armies, soldiers twice or three times your size, and you act as though it were only in a days's work? You are incredible ." No one has used that word to describe her before. Incredible. Least not within her hearing. As long as she can remember she's nothing more than plain, steady Samantha Gamgee, second-to-youngest child of Hamfast and Bell Gamgee, a gardener like her dear old Da. Loyal as an old hound. Nothing quite remarkable or noteworthy. She's never tried, or particularly wanted to be remarkable. She just wanted to keep Frodo safe: nothing more, nothing less. But, as she looks back at all she's done, the things she's faced for his sake, the horrible monsters and dreadful, unmentionable atrocities, she thinks to herself, I really did that? "T'were you." She finds herself saying "Because of you, I did all those things. To protect you." She looks at him. His face looms large and beautiful in her vision, the faintest crease in his brow is the only sign he's heard her. His presence seems to somehow fill the hall. Those eyes, the look in them is soft but overwhelming. She can't look away from them. They're... They are getting closer. Her heart and stomach lodge squarely in her throat. Then his eyes disappear beneath their lids. There is the faint brush of his lips against hers, like a promise. On reflex her own eyes close. She can neither move nor breathe. The next moment his lips return, firmer, head angled to give a better, proper kiss. All thought evaporates into a puff of smoke, ceases utterly. His lips are every bit as soft as they look, bringing her nerves to fire. Then they are gone just as suddenly as they arrived. She opens her eyes, mind still silent. She faintly feels her hand touching her mouth. Frodo reels backwards looking mortified. "Oh Sam!...I... Eru! I didn't..." A tiny thought makes its way forward in the clouded numbness of her brain, and pushes up out her throat, through her lips. "Why?" He flinches. "Why what?" Her voice sounds so very tiny. "Why d'you do that?" He blinks, licking his lips and looking down at his lap, uncharacteristically shy. "I've... wanted to. For so long." He admits this with all the timidity of a little child, confessing something such as breaking a prized heirloom, sneaking a scone right before dinner, some