Yeah, I first published this in AO3, hope you like. The hobbits's first winter home turns out to be rather disappointing. They had been looking forward to crisp snow, flakes on their brows and lashes, and frost-ferns on the windows. Instead they end up with this grey wet slush; a rainy, blustery sort of weather with all of Winter's curses but none of her charms, just as cold as the others, but far more wet and bone chilling. It's the sort that is most likely to condemn any hobbit caught out for even a few minutes to a week of sniffles and running noses. . Ah well, at least they're home again. This is the thought that crosses Frodo's mind one particularly dreary morning as he finishes Elevensies, when snow and rain are falling together and mixing into some horrid, grey, muddy sludge. He sips his steaming cup of chamomile as he watches the little streams and rivulets trailing down Bag End's windows. No right minded hobbit would be out in such a nightmare. That moment a shadow passes his kitchen window, startling him. Is it a hobbit? Or perhaps a deer wondering from the woods. That happened on occasion, deer finding themselves at Bag End. He walks to the window and peers through the glass, squinting through the streaming water. It is far too blurry to make out any distinct shapes, but he can see a splotch of orange and dark mossy green; colors woodland creatures don't usually come in. He rears back in surprise. Surely she wouldn't. Dashing to grab a coat and umbrella, he leaves the warmth of his smial and opens the door to wind and sleet. He quickly opens the umbrella over his head and looks to the intruder. By Valar, she is ! "Samantha Gamgee, what on earth are you doing out here in this horrid weather?!" She straightens up from where she was stooped over the snapdragons, stumbling back a step in her surprise. The second-to-youngest of Hamfast and Bell gives him a sheepish grin, clothes sodden, her shawl so wet it's rendered useless, her gold curls matted against her face. "Oh... ah... Good Mornin'." She stammers. "I was just on my way home from helping Missus Bracegirdle with her baking, and as I was passin' by I thought I'd just stop and take a peek at how everthin's holdin' up, if you catch my meaning." He fights the urge to shake his head. Instead he walks closer to hold the umbrella over her. "Everything is holding up perfectly well, thank you. Now come inside where it is warm, for goodness sake." She wipes her mud-caked hands on her skirts. "No time, begging your pardon. I'm already later than I said I would be home; by twenty minutes, I reckon." He makes a shooing gesture with his free hand. "Go home then, and change out of those wet clothes as quickly as you can!" "Yes sir." She chuckles, slogging away, turning one last time to wave before disappearing from his sight. Only after that does he run back inside. Four days later, at her usual time, he instead sees the Gaffer come to tend Bag End's garden. "I'm doin' the lass's work for the rest of the week." He explains as he wheels the barrow from the potting shed. "Fool child stayed out too long in the freezing rain, chilled herself to the bone, now she's stricken with a nasty cough." "I saw her." Frodo says, giving a smile that's both understanding and tired. "I warned her, and even asked her to come inside and sit by the fire for a spell, but she refused." Hamfast shakes his grizzled head. "The lass thinks she's invincible; she might've shaken it off if she had only stopped and rested as soon as she started feeling poorly. As it was, we practically had to tie her to her bed." Frodo laughs at that, picturing it all too clearly. "Well, your daughter is the sort of person who hates to be inactive for any period of time; she equates it with being useless." "Very true." The aged hobbit gives a long-suffering sigh. "Well, she'll be to rights before the week is ended; just you wait." She isn't. Three days after their conversation, when he returns to Samantha's rounds, Hamfast is looking considerably less jovial. He reports that Sam's croup has gotten quite nasty and settled in her chest. But, he continues, Doctor Boffin has prescribed a tonic of licorice and thyme that will aid her recovery. Four days after that he's back, looking grim. It takes a bit of persuading for him to give full details; apparently Sam is fighting a bad fever and her respiratory problems continue to get worse. "Is she doing all the doctor ordered?" He asks. "Aye." The Gaffer sighs. "But nothing works; she grows steadily worse." Frodo doesn't know what to make of this. Poor, dear girl. Sam is the sort of person who hardly ever gets ill, and when she does, it rarely lasts more than three or four days. "Is there anything I can do?" He asks, though knowing he's not capable of any true help. "No." The Gaffer runs a weary hand over his weathered features. "Just keep hoping, and praying." He runs into May Gamgee at the market, the very next day. The dear girl gives him a smile that doesn't reach her eyes and bids him a good morning. Of course he must ask. "How is your sister this morning? Is she any better?" He smile fades, not that there was much of one to begin with. "If you want the truth Mister Frodo, she's doing terribly." "How terribly?" The older hobbit worries her lower lip with her teeth, shifting uneasily on her feet. "This fever... more often than not there are times when she sees naught around her... when she doesn't seem to recognize us or her surroundin's. And that wretched cough... as if there were evil in her lungs." There is a cold weight in his chest, the first icy fingers of dread at the base of his spine. Suddenly May's mask fades, and he sees the weariness and fear. "I'm worried sick Mister Frodo." He stifles his own fear, ignores the clench in his heart. He reaches out to clasp her hands firmly. "And you have every right to be. But you must understand," He says. "Your sister is one of the strongest, most tenacious of beings I have ever met; I have faith she will make it through this." This comforts her, and she nods. After an understanding silence, she gently pulls away. "I must get goin'. Thank you sir." Yes. He tells himself as he watches her walk away. All will be set to rights. The folk of Hobbiton talk about it all the time. It's the most eventful thing to happen in Eru-knows-when. " Did you hear about that gardener's daughter ? They say..." " ...has such a fever, don't think..." "...sounds like an old hound barking, it's dreadful!" He hears every time he goes outside. Whispers, clucking's of polite sympathy. "...Boffin says..." "...Won't be long 'till..." "... such a shame, really." Their tones are dire, convicted. He grows more and more annoyed with them each passing moment. How can they renounce her so easily? The poor fools; she is as strong as the Shire itself. Don't they see that? Word of Sam's condition reaches Buckland and the Great Took Smials, and his other two traveling companions come down to see for themselves what is happening, and what is only hearsay. They both stay with him at Bag End, in search of answers, or so they say, but he suspects another reason for being with him personally. One evening as they sit for dinner, quiet in their repast, Pippin breaks the silence with, "D'you think we can go visit her?" This is the first time in hours either of them mentioned her. Frodo pauses, chewing his lip. "I don't have an answer for that. I'm certain she would enjoy it immensely, seeing you both, but I fear it would be too exhausting." "Perhaps it'd be wise just to let her be." Merry says in a heavy voice, as if it is a painful decision to make. "She needs to keep up her strength; we may do more harm than good." Pippin purses his lips inward, hands fidgeting, like a child with a thought they are shy about expressing. "I know but..." He pauses. "Supposing... we don't get another chance? This may be the last time we can..." He's unable to finish. "You can what?" Frodo finds himself asking. Pippin doesn't answer, but looks entreatingly to Merry. "You can what?" He asks again, an edge rising in his voice. The young Took bites his lip. "I just thought... what if she...?" Again he trails off. "She what?" Frodo feels a pang of anger and annoyance. "She does what , Pip?" "He means nothing by it."Merry said quickly. "We just don't know when either of us will be back in Hobbiton." Frodo's fingers curl against his palms, clenching into fists. Don't they know her? Don't they have any faith? He quietly gathers the empty dishes, his frustration undoubtedly palpable. As he heads to the basin he overhears Merry whisper to Pippin, "Be careful what you say to him. I'm not certain he's ready to face this." He fights the urge to scream. Hamfast comes to the garden a fifth time, looking very tired and aged. "She isn't gettin' any worse." He says. "But likewise, she's not gettin' any better. Doctor Boffin's stumped, and there's no mistake." Frodo only nods to show understanding as the aged hobbit unloads his tools from the wheelbarrow, and begins to weed around the foxglove plant. After a brief and uneasy silence, the Gaffer says quietly. "I know she would love to see you sir, if just for a spell." "I've been wanting to." He says. "The only thing that's been keeping me is the concern that I may tire her." The Gaffer nods. "That may be, and yet..." He pauses to momentarily glance at the master of Bag End over his shoulder. "I feel it might do her a world of good." He knows by now when Hamfast is making a suggestion, and when he's making a statement that sounds like one. He mulls it over in his head. "When is the best time?" "I don't rightly know; there's no schedule she goes by." He sits up a moment to think, wiping his hands on his breeches. "The best thing for it is to go down and wait 'till the lasses deem she's fit for visiting. You may even go now, if you'd like." "Perhaps I will." But before turning he catches a glimpse of the weed Hamfast is pulling up. A simple, low-growing cluster of leaves with tiny white blossoms. An inconspicuous plant, yet there is something familiar... His mind goes back to Aragorn dropping handfuls of leaves into boiling water, releasing the scent of snow, orchards, and starlight. "Wait!" The old gardener jumps, startled, then looks up. Frodo points to the foliage. "Is that kingsfoil?" Hamfast glances down at the weed in his hand."Aye, that it is." A thought comes to him. Perhaps... His breath catches at the implications. "Did Sam tell you about it? What our friend Strider did with it?" The older Hobbit glances up at the sky, trying to recall. "I don't quite... yes, now that you mention..." The Ring Bearer crouches beside him. "Gather as much of this as you can, and perhaps get some from other gardens!" He uproots a handful as he speaks. He arrives at Bagshot Row, cargo in hand, his knock answered by Marigold. Her face is as heavy with dread as her father and Sister's. "Mister Frodo?" He musters his most reassuring smile. "I'm here to see Sam, whenever she's well enough, and have something that may