001. On a quite night in the Burrow, everyone was asleep. A short flash of light in the top most floor, revealed a young Ronald Weasley, twitching about in silence on his bed. His forehead covered in sweat clearly struggling in agony, however not the smallest hint of noise escaped his mouth. After a few minutes of violent struggling turns into some occasional minor twitching, it stopped, and the young boy continued to sleep. ….I'm the divide line….. It was morning, around nine o'clock to be precise, the owner of the Burrow and head of house Arthur had already left the home, only managing to snag a piece of toast as he rushed his way to the ministry to deal with an instance of an enchanted walking cane, that had apparently gone nuts and started beating everyone on the head at a coffee shop. The wife and mother of seven, Molly, had laid out a table of breakfast waiting for the recently returned from school kids to come down to eat. All of her children except the youngest two had just came back from Hogwarts yesterday, and though she knew very well that the food provided at Hogwarts should be more than decent, she find no problems in starting off their summer vacation with a hearty home cooked breakfast. Percy had arrived first, her third son, he will be a fourth year student at Hogwarts next year, Percy had always preferred to get an early start on his day, while also a fan of quiditich, unlike his other siblings Percy had no interest in playing quiditich Percy did enjoy spectating the wizarding sport from time to time. Rather than spending his time practicing flying Percy devotes his time to book learning, and would for the majority of his days adhere to a semi structured schedule he create. Next was the twins back from their first year at Hogwarts, they were an energetic duo, skipping as they come down the stairs. Molly had serious concerns about George and Fred, in only one year she had received multiple letters from their head of house, Professor McGonagall, informing her of the twin's pranks on fellow class mates and their running into Filch, the caretaker, in the middle of the night on multiple occasions. She wasn't really surprised at the twin's behavior, but she also wasn't happy about their record breaking amount of detentions by any first year in the last decade. She had always known they were quite prone to mischief, but she had also known that they were magically talented, not overwhelmingly impressive in terms of power but they do seem to have control over their powers, as they were performing transfigurations before even learning about magic or owning a wand. Her hope for them was for them to be captivated by the school environment and hopefully find interest in their subjects, shifting their attention away from pranks. Bill, the eldest of the Weasley son, came down the stairs just minutes after the twins, he's real first name is actually William, but the family had gotten used to calling him Bill. He had just graduated Hogwarts a head boy and accepted a job offer from Gringotts, the wizarding bank. He will be training as a curse breaker in Gringotts' London headquarters for a few months then be shipped off to Egypt to take part in their archeology efforts there. Bill was described as one of the most talented and powerful young wizards of his generation, with no one a few years before or after to compare him to. He was magically powerful, well versed in runic magic, and physically strong and fit, to be honest he could have easily applied for an Auror internship or any position within the ministry, but his spirit for adventure combined with the confidence in his own powers lead him to opt for the much more dangerous path of a curse breaker, basically a magical tomb raider. He was the pride of Arthur and Molly, and he has also been the best older brother of six other children they could ever hope for, looked up to and liked by all of his siblings. Ginny followed next, she was the whole family's baby girl, youngest of seven and a petite red haired girl, her face lit up with a smile as she came down the stairs to see her brothers gathered around the table, Ginny had missed her brothers. She had just spent the entire year alone with Ron, who among her siblings were the least interesting. Her favorite brother was Bill, followed by Charlie, than it was between the twins who would pull pranks on her, or Percy who always seemed just a bit isolated from the younger siblings. Her happiness in part was related to the return of her brothers, but also due to the increase amount of effort it took her mom to look after the children, she and Ron would be able to take a break from basic book learning and enjoy their summer vacation with the rest of the gang. Of course they didn't allow her to play quidditch with them fearing the responsibility of wrecking the family's baby girl, but at least it means she would be let out of her mother's sight as she and Ron are not allowed outside the house's proximity. Charlie, the second oldest came down the stairs. He was about to enter his seventh year at Hogwarts, like Bill he was a figure for the Gryffindor house, the seeker and captain of the quidditch team. In fact he was so good on a broom that Arthur and Molly had gotten several letters from professional quidditch scouts looking to recruit Charlie to play pro. However much to the parent's dismay, he like Bill had decided to take up a more dangerous professional path, and has decided to pursue to job of a dragon tamer. Dragon tamers need to be physically agile and fit, as well magically strong, not to mention willingness to camp out in a dragon ranch somewhere or in the wilderness of a dragon conservation area. Molly watched as her children stuffed themselves with her food, enjoying the warm feeling of having her family back from school. However she felt a bit weird that her youngest son, Ron, hasn't burst down the stairs from the top of the disfigured structure, and rushed down for breakfast. Ron was usually the first three to appear at any meal situation, but this morning she has yet to hear any signs of stirring from the top floor. Molly decides to walk up the stairs and wake up Ron, she wasn't worried about breakfast running out or getting cold, for goodness sake she was a witch! But she do prefer her dining table to be filled up at meal time. "Morning Ron! Time for breakfast, first day of summer don't spend it laying down!" Molly said as she knocked on Ron's door on the top of the stair case. Ron jerked awake and instinctually said "Coming ma, give me a minute." Something was different, something feels quite wrong. He was quite sure his name wasn't Ron, but yet at the same time he knows that he is the son of Arthur and Molly Weasley, ten years old, living under the family ghoul. Ron shook his head around for a second, perceived to put on his cloth and walk down the stair case, still in a trance. Ron walked down the stairs to join his siblings at the table grabbing himself a plate of sausage and eggs, and some slices of bread. He silently looked down at his plate and begin putting food in his mouth. "Hmm, what is this food it's so delicious!" He thought to himself, He felt overwhelmed by possibly the best food he has ever had, but at the same time he was positive this is how good all of his mother's cooking tasted. He took a sneaky peek around the table, the twins had mostly finished with their plates and were now discussing something in a low breath, while taking turns eyeing their mother out of the corner of their eye to make sure she wasn't looking at them, Ron could swear he heard Fred or George say something about setting up something or ingredients. Ginny was talking to Charlie and Bill asking them to take her out to play in the orchard. Percy was quietly eating away, probably planning out his summer schedule in his head. And Molly was cleaning some pans by the sink while humming along to the radio. Again Ron was surprised at all this information flooding in to his brain, his siblings were all sitting around him, yet he could have sworn he grew up without any siblings at all. "Uhh …. We're goin go unpack our trunks, and put up our books." Said one of twins, and with a smirk, they quickly exited up the stairs clearly rushing to get something done. Percy declared he was going to go write out his schedule and after getting up to put his dishes in the sink and receiving a kiss from Molly, he too disappeared up the stairs. Ron's head was starting hurt for some reason, so he increased the pace at which he was stuffing food in his mouth looking to exit the table soon for some alone time in his room to sort things out. As he was nearing the end of his breakfast, it appears that Ginny had manage to convince Bill, and Charlie as they seemed to have decided to go back up to their rooms to change and meet back downstairs to head out to the orchard for some morning air and maybe a bit of broom time. "Ron, you wanna come with?" Charlie asked, some part of Ron wanted to go, but he quickly suppressed that feeling and shook his head no, his mouth still full of bread. Charlie shrugged his shoulders and the three of them head up the stair to change. Ron forks the last piece of egg into his mouth and get up from the table. "I'm gonna go back up to my room, didn't sleep too well last night." Ron mumbled as he placed his plate in the sink next to his mom, receiving a kiss on the cheeks. "Fine, I'll wake you up when it's time for lunch don't want you to sleep all day." "Yeah." Said Ron as he heads up the stair case. …..Dividing line woohhhh…. With his bedroom door behind him, Ron took a deep breath, and then exhaled as he crashes himself in to his bed. Hmm what was I doing the day before? Almost as soon as the thought had appeared a memory popped into his head. He was kneeling down in a darkened stone room surrounded by a circle of candles created from the fat of different magical creatures, He was painting some runic symbols around himself. As he was getting up he tripped over a rough stone surface and the magical ink used for rune painting spilled from the container, the last thing he remembered before waking up this morning was the magical candles flaring up around his limp body as he drifted upwards away from it. Wait I was a professor, we had just sent the kids packing the day before, and I decide to do a magical experiment from this old rune scroll I had acquired in my travels, something must have gone wrong. I hope Rona is ok…. Wait … Who is Rona? Ron felt a sharp jabbing pain from his brain and he struggled to keep the noise down as a small whine escaped from his lips. Arrahhh the pain! Ron thought to himself. As the pain subside Ron decides to take a different approach, he got up and moved over to the small desk tucked away in the corner and pulled out a piece of parchment from his stash, he