Thank you for reading and please review (especially if you find stuff you don't like, so I can work on my craft) If you have any suggestions or things you'd like to see, let me know and I can see if it works into the story! Peeta, the Boy Who Was on Fire Part One - Smoke The timer dings just as I finish kneading my fourth batch of dough. I wipe the flour off my hands with a damp rag and look over at my brother, Ashtan, who is mixing butter cream frosting; he can't pull the bread. Another bell rings and my mother sighs and slams closed the ledger book she is writing in. She stalks through the kitchen to greet a customer, darting a glance at me when she walks by and looking pointedly at the oven. Her fake, syrupy smile is plastered to her face before she walks through the swinging door to the shop front. It's not even dawn, and while most of District 12 has the day off, my family has been working for hours. Even on Reaping Day, people need their fresh breads, pastries and cakes. Several of the shops on the square are closed for the day, but the bakery is one of a handful of stores that will be open at all today and the only shop that will close only during the hours of the reaping. Even then, it's only because attendance is mandatory. Because of the lost business hours in the middle of the day, my mother insists that we open for business early on Reaping Day. And she's right; we have customers arriving as soon as our light turns on. Dense, sweet, dark rolls topped with oats, chewy bagels, and flaky croissants, fly off the shelves as fast as my oldest brother, Treyton, can fill the orders. Before the reaping we are busy preparing the pastries and breads for the day; when the reaping has ended is when we will have our real flood of customers. Many families will have a celebration tonight, rejoicing that their children were spared from the horror of the Hunger Games. Two families will find a basket of "blessings" on their doorstep after the reaping. It's a tradition that my father started ten years ago, and it's something my mother and him fight about to this day. The "blessing" basket contains a small cake, éclairs, cheese biscuits, two loaves of soft bread and dozens of cookies. Dad called them blessing baskets because that is what families need most after the reaping, and with every item we pack we wish blessings for the family of the child going off to fight to the death. My father insists we save up for the baskets every day, and once a week the whole family goes without dinner to add to the savings. Mother resents that he gives away breads that we cannot even afford to buy for ourselves -let alone the weekly fast- but my father knows that the small baskets are a soothing gesture to a family that is losing so much more than a day of food. For the past 3 years, after having experienced my own first Reaping Day, I've been the one to decorate the cakes and deliver the baskets. I see the value in what my father is doing; my brothers side with our mother. As I reach into the oven to pull the tray of bread, an errant flame jumps up from the wood below and burns my hand. I nearly drop the tray but correct my grip and only one loaf falls below. I curse under my breath and set the tray aside. Ashtan claps a hand on my shoulder and chuckles. "You are the clumsiest kid I've ever met." He takes the tray from me and I reach into the flames, ignoring the heat and pulling the now burnt loaf from the hearth. That's when my mother walks in and sees the blackened bread in my slightly cooked hands. "Peeta! You clumsy lout! Why do you always burn the bread?" She reaches for the switch that she keeps in the kitchen and I tense slightly, preparing for the strike, but the front bell rings again and she releases the stick. "Feed it to the pig and go frost your stupid cakes. Don't go near the oven again." And she disappears again through the door to help Trey. As soon as she's gone there is a knock at the back door and I see the familiar dark hair of Gale Hawthorne as he pokes his head in to look for my mother. Gale is in the same class as Ashtan in school and while the two of them are friendly, they're not exactly friends. Gale comes from the seam, the part of town at the outskirts where the poorest families live. Most of the families in the seam are coal miners, working the industry of our district. So many of the people in the Seam have similar coloring, Olive skin, black hair and gray eyes; Gale is no exception. Our family isn't rich by any means, but living in town and owning a shop, we are a lot better off than a lot of the others in District 12. The Hawthornes also do fairly well by comparison, because of the illegal hunting that Gale and Katniss do in the woods outside the fence that surrounds our district. Katniss Everdeen is in my class, we've never spoken, and I've loved her since I was five. "Is your dad around?" Gale asks, holding up a squirrel. A smile breaks across my face, Ashtan grins and hollers for our father. With the money that dad saves for the baskets we rarely buy meat, so when Gale and Katniss come around to trade a squirrel or two we are in for a treat. Mother, of course, thinks that the meat is duck; otherwise she would never even dream of eating it. Tonight, we will have a stew for sure. "Hawthorne!" My father says genially, though in a hushed tone to not rouse mother's attention. "How are you doing today?" "Not bad, considering..." Gale trails off, leaving the comment unfinished. But he doesn't need to finish. We all know how it ends; considering that today is the reaping and the odds are not in Gale's favor. I know he has several siblings and has been signing up for tesserae since he was twelve. By entering his name into the reaping additional times, he has been able to get additional grain and oil for his family. I don't know how many entries he has, but I know it has to be more than Ashtan and I combined. Both Ashtan and I will be entered today, along with Gale, because every child between the ages of 12 and 18 are automatically entered into the drawing. Ashtan is 18 so this will be his last reaping; he will have 7 entries in the bowl. I could have had just 5 entries today, but I have also signed up for tesserae every year since I was 13. We have used some of the tessera rations, but I sell as much as I can to add to my father's baskets. The tesserae are cumulative so this year my name will be in the bowl a total of 25 times, even this pales to the number that Gale must have. "Ah, yes," my father says, his blue eyes darkening slightly. "What do we have here this morning?" Gale holds the squirrel up again and my father nods, turning to look and see what he wants to trade. His eyes land on the tray of loaves that I just pulled from the oven and he plucks one of the larger loaves. "Here you go." He hands the loaf over to Gale and I can tell that Gale's surprised. "Are you sure?" Gale asks, looking at the loaf, then doubtfully at the squirrel. "He's not even a very large one, I was just hoping for a couple of the sweet rolls." My father waves his hand in dismissal and I marvel at the difference between him and my mother. Here he is giving away a perfect loaf of bread and not two minutes before she was yelling at me for burning one. I understand where they are both coming from, my mother, concerned with the money and how we are going to put food on our own table, my father, caring about the community and those who have less than us. "I'm sure." My father says firmly, taking the squirrel from Gale and handing it to Ashtan to skin. "Now get out of here." He starts to close the door but pauses and calls after Gale, "Hawthorne!" Gale turns back around. "Good luck, son." A slight pause and a dip of his head are Gale's reply and then he is gone. I step out into the hazy light of pre-dawn and start breaking chunks of the bread and throw them to the pig. My mind wanders back to another time that I fed the pig some bread that I'd dropped in the fire. I was 12, we had two pigs then, it was the spring before my first reaping and that time, I dropped the loaves in the fire on purpose. I had just pulled a tray of bread from the oven and rested it on the hearth when my mother started yelling at some kid for digging through our garbage. I looked out into the rain to see who she was yelling at and there, in the muddy alley behind our shop, stood a beautiful girl with dark hair and dark eyes. The rain had drenched her braid and she shivered in a jacket that was way too big for her. She had been getting thinner, but to me, she was as beautiful as the day I first saw her. Katniss. My heart raced and my hands started to sweat. Maybe I hadn't built up the courage to talk to her yet, but I knew I had to do something to help her. Moving quickly, I walked over to the tray and tripped myself, landing on the tray and sending two loaves into the fire. The smack from my mother was swift, burning my cheek and sending me reeling. "Pull them out!" She yelled, "I don't want the shop smelling like burnt bread!" I retrieved the loaves from the fire and she shoved me out the door to the back. "Feed it to the pig you stupid creature! Why not? No one decent will buy burned bread!" The front bell rang and she stormed away, yelling something to my dad on her way to the storefront and I walked over to the crate containing Lucy and Sally, our two pigs. The pigs only had a few bites that day though, because as soon as my mother was out of sight I tossed the loaves to Katniss. She scooped them up and ran off. I saw her in school after that, but she never mentioned the bread, neither did I. I drop the last few chunks of bread to Lucy and go back into the bakery. The reaping begins at two so we will be closing at one so Ashtan and I can get ready, until then there is still a lot of work to do. By noon I have finished with the cakes that I am doing for the day. My father inspects them and gives his nod of approval. He selects two for the baskets. A small white cake with chocolate filling, white, butter cream frosting and a single sugar flower -a Rue- on top, goes into the first basket. The second basket gets an orange cream cake, the icing a soft yellow and lined with orange and red stripes; it looks like sunset. I gather the breads, rolls and cookies to add to the baskets, ignoring the glare from