I DO NOT OWN Harry Potter, all due credit goes to the amazing JK Rowling. This story will begin following canon year 3. While it may use elements of year 4 as a template, it will be AU! Also, some characters will be my own while others not. Beta'd by SlythrInHermione CHAPTER 1 As Harry Potter shoved his trunk underneath the bed within his best mate's room, he couldn't help but sigh in relief. Once again, he was finally free of his summer prison known as the Dursley home. A drastic change from his current living conditions. He had always thought of the Weasleys as a true family, often envying them. Although sometimes, he felt there was a tad too much of a family atmosphere where he was concerned. Harry considered the Burrow as one of his favourite places, second only to Hogwarts but then again he had never been allowed to venture very far. Nonetheless, Harry was looking forward to enjoying himself. The only problem that remained, was the fact that he had been worrying about the wellbeing of his godfather, Sirius, and former professor, Remus Lupin, for the better part of three months. Without any correspondence, he was beginning to get anxious, although Harry reasoned he probably shouldn't. Given the fact they were adults, they could likely look after themselves. Besides not knowing them overly well though, he still considered them family, as the last connection to his parents. Brushing off these thoughts, he proceeded downstairs to find that everyone was in the kitchen. Almost running into Ginny who was just about to go call him, Harry walked over to the dinner table, taking his seat between Ron and Hermione. According to the discussion, she had already arrived there days before him. He couldn't help but wonder why she always ended up deserting her family like this during summers. True the Weasleys were great people, but to leave the company of your own parents so quickly? Who, he was quite sure, did not wish to spend limited time with their daughter, only to prepare her to depart for another family shortly after. Sadly he shook his head, concluding they must have accepted the fact they were losing her to the magical world they didn't understand. Remaining silent, simply ensured her happiness. While sitting between his closest friends, who as per usual were at each other's throats in an argument, he couldn't help but feel a surge of excitement as his eyes caught sight of the Daily Prophet lying on the table. On the cover, members of the top Quidditch teams stared up at him as he reflected. Tomorrow, he would finally get to see them firsthand and witness the excitement of professional Quidditch. The evening meal was uneventful, ignoring the fuss Mrs. Weasley made over his new hair style, which he had adopted as his black locks had grown a little past his shoulders. Although it was long, it hadn't completely lost the messy look that the girls admired. She had only relented when Bill caught her attention stating his own hair had looked that way for years. Amongst the conversations, Hermione had confessed just how handsome the new haircut had made him. Out of the corner of his eye, only Harry seemed to notice the strange look Ron had given him. Finally, bedtime came and Harry was certainly relieved. He couldn't stand the occasional glares he was receiving from his friend. All for the simple fact Hermione kept trying to play with his hair, much to his consternation and the twins' amusement. Sighing in resignation, Harry removed one of Dudley's old t-shirts. Wearing only his boxers he climbed into bed. Hoping to fall asleep before Ron finished in the loo, he prayed it wasn't going to be awkward tomorrow at the match. The following morning, the occupants of the Burrow bustled around attempting to prepare for the departure around mid day. Outside the house, Harry waited patiently for the others. After being instructed by Mr. Weasley to blend in, he had found the smallest of Dudley's cast-offs to wear. Once again, he found himself cursing the fact he had not taken the time to go shopping for replacements. The fact that there were going to be Muggles at the camp entrance containing the Quidditch stadium utterly confused him though. Surely there were easier places to hold such a major event. As it was discussed; Harry, Hermione and the Weasleys except for Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Charlie and Percy were taking a Portkey. The remaining boys electing to stay behind as they were old enough to Apparate, while their mother remained at home. The group, slowly made their way trekking across the neighbouring hills. Mr. Weasley, who after ignoring Harry's protest, was carrying the most items led the way. Although as they walked, Harry considered the distinct possibility that there were likely charms to make the packs lighter. As they drew closer to the top of the largest hill, Harry noticed two other people waiting for them. Approaching the peak, Harry realized that the younger was Cedric Diggory, Hufflepuff seeker and the only person to have beaten him in a Quidditch match. Courtesy of the Dementors, of course. After finally reaching the top, Cedric reached out his hand to Harry greeting him with a smile. "Long time no see Harry." The older boy said cheerfully while Harry noticed the twins and Ron glaring at the seventh year, as they had never fully gotten over Hufflepuff winning the match. Harry contained his amusement as Hermione and Ginny were doing their best to avoid eye contact with Cedric, no doubt to hide their blushing faces. "It's good to see you too Cedric. So you're going to the World Cup too? But aren't you old enough to Apparate instead?" At this, the other boy nodded and was about to say something when Mr. Weasley and Diggory gestured the kids to an old boot. This boot was what Mr. Weasley had described as a Portkey, a transportation device Harry had not heard of before. He was quickly realizing just how little he really knew about the Wizarding world and that he needed to vastly improve his knowledge. Once everyone was touching, they waited for Mr. Weasley to finish his countdown. Immediately upon reaching '1', Harry felt a pull on his navel. Following the sensation, he felt like a spinning top until after a few seconds they landed on the ground in a heap. Harry let out a groan as he felt a slight sting at his side. Looking around he noticed that everyone seemed to have fallen with the exception of Mr. Weasley and the Diggorys, who were looking on with amusement. Fighting off his irritation at the lack of warning or instruction on this method of travel, the group finally got to their feet while the Diggorys bid them farewell. Making their way past the Muggle camp attendants, Harry was amazed at the sheer number of tents occupying the surrounding fields. Finally after a short walk, they came upon an empty space marked 'WEASLEY', where Mr. Weasley proceeded to set up their tent. Harry couldn't help but doubt this plan as he glanced at the seemingly normal tent. This doubt quickly turned into a frown as he saw everyone rush in, before he followed last. As expected of magic though, nothing was as it seemed. Gazing around in wonder, the tent was nothing like the outside. It was easily the size of a small house complete with a kitchen, lounge, bedrooms and bathrooms. Once everyone was settled in, they were issued tasks for the afternoon before dinner. Following, Ginny and Hermione started to unpack everything while the twins had went off in search of some firewood. Harry and Ron left shortly after with the instruction to gather some water. Venturing through the middle of the camp to where the spring was located, Harry couldn't help but notice just how many appreciative looks he was garnering from surrounding witches. There were the usual giggles from young girls and shy but also seductive waves from females his age. However, what shocked Harry most were the hungry looks he was receiving from the older women as well. As they walked he proceeded to congratulate himself on the choice as he reckoned that his long hair really was quite the cause for attraction now. Despite the fact that Harry was enjoying himself however, his supposed best mate, Ron, was a cause of gloom as he kept shooting him jealous looks all the while ignoring attempts at conversation. Harry couldn't help but wonder if the boy always had these jealousy issues with him or that it was finally just becoming evident. Continuing on their way in silence, the boys came across two particularly beautiful witches. Both appeared slightly older, as one had medium length silky black hair while the other, a brunette, had long flowing locks reaching just above her waist. To say that they were the most attractive girls Harry had ever seen was an understatement. Passing the pair, Harry was pleasantly surprised to see that they were both in fact eyeing him. The brunette particularly, as she flashed him a seductive smile of her own, which took a considerate amount of effort not to melt under. Immediately upon recovering, Harry noticed that Ron had ceased pointedly ignoring him in favour of adopting an accusatory expression. Honestly, the nerve of the git to blame him now and for what, not stopping the two girls. As if encouraging a double date was within reason. Harry having decided he just couldn't win given the situation, wandered over in the direction of the vendors hoping for once that Ron wouldn't follow. Finding nothing more than respite and some animated Quidditch figurines, Harry moved through the adjacent merchants content to waste time before having to set off in search of Ron. Deep in thought reminiscing the various witches from the day's trip, he was unaware of the pair of eyes that tracked his movements in curiosity. Harry perused the replica jerseys and large selection of broom cleaning kits when he found a collection of books on advanced broom racing techniques. Deciding to take a look he glanced around to make sure he wouldn't be in anyone's way when he caught sight of a simply enchanting girl. Upon their eyes meeting, Harry immediately ducked his head back to the book while she too looked away. For the life of him, Harry couldn't make sense of the words on the paper in lieu of recent events and gave it up in favour of trying to steal another glimpse of the witch. Harry's heart rate began to increase as he drank in her angelic appearance. However far too soon to register her actual features, he was snapped out of admiring when someone yelled, "Hey pretty thing, we thought we lost ya!" Witnessing the girl's panicked expression for a fleeting moment, Harry followed her line of sight to a few young men approaching their way from between the kiosks. Upon them drawing nearer, Harry was pleasantly surprised when the damsel swept next to him latching onto his arm before she spoke in a seductive tone. "'ello handsome. Please tell zese pigs zat you are moi boyfriend and to leave us alone. You can do that for lettle moi, oui?" At first startled by her presence, Harry ignored the light-headed feeling that washed over him. Far more preoccupied now with the blokes heading their way, who had caught sight of him with their pursuit while they glared dangerously with untoward intent. Analyzing them for weaknesses as a learnt tactic, Harry figured they would likely still be in school lacking knowledge but certainly still at least 6th or 7th years judging from the height disadvantage. Harry knew this was a bad situation for him given the four to one odds and replied. "I'm not entirely sure that's the smartest idea on my part. These guys look