Chapter I The Shepherdess of Shetland Have you ever shared a bond stronger than blood? A fiercely strong kinship - a friendship that was so genuine and deep that it almost hurt to think about what might happen if that bond was to break by some terrible tragedy? Aye, that kind of heartbreak is the symphony of terror our the darkest of nightmares are formed. If you're not interested in hearing my story, just say so. But, if you care to hear it, I will warn you: it's a tale with many dark, heart-pounding turns. A tale of friendship and how it can sustain you in the most desperate times. If you choose to hear my tale, I promise you'll be glad you did. The day I met Maira is a memory I ponder curiously and affectionately. It was the time of the fire festival and the whole village was whispering excitedly about the coming evening merriment. I wandered out of my humble burrow in time to watch the lead fire carried through town. It didn't hold much magic or mystical charm for me like it did for most girls my age. Aye, it was just another gloomy day, though I was glad that it signaled the coming spring and summer. Temperatures in the Shetland Isles are brutally cold in winter. During the fire festival everyone in the village puts out their candles and household fires. One lead fire would be carried on a torch through the village and each new light source would be lit from it. Then everyone would be happy and joyful and dance around the fire in a circle. This signaled a new beginning and fertile months to come. I was always fascinated by fire - it has always held a strange power over my eyes. I kept my distance as usual and sat on a small grassy mound, staring at the dancers and the drummers and the household torches blazing anew. Festivals usually mean a lot of dancing and joy but for me it held a certain heartache. I was an outcast. A motherless, fatherless child who often went hungry and always . I was told that I was cursed with bad luck. The village folk always whispered some story behind my back. I didn't know my own history but from what I could gather it involved a sea captain and a humble maid. The drums kept playing me into a trance. I sat and watched happy families bouncing the children on their knees, grandmothers nurturing a little grandbabies and children running around and laughing as they gained new friendship. I longed for those things. I longed to be loved. When I became uncomfortable to the point of tears I turned around to head back to my borough. Suddenly in the corner of my eyes I saw a figure. It was dark but the flickering fire showed it was a girl about my age. She stood with the staff and her hand and a lamb at her foot staring at the festival as I was. Alone. She leaned her chin on the top of her staff and seemed as intrigued as I was with the fire. I wasn't used to talking to other people but I couldn't help myself from slowly walking towards her. My mind raced with possibilities - who was she? I had never seen this lass before. Before I knew it I was a stones throw away and she saw me two. My heart began to pound. I didn't realize how bad I was starting up a conversation. Usually I was the one spoken to. People telling me to get out of their way of stop asking for food. "What do ye want?" The shepherd lass asked me. She didn't seem happy so I took a step back. "Nothin'." "Well, ye didn't walk all this way for nothin'. Don't be a wee gawker." She snapped. "I just...came to see if you were new in the village. I don't remember seeing you before." I asked timidly. The stranger rolled her eyes and sighed deeply. It seemed she had heard the observation far too often. "If ye must know, I'm Maira. I keep watch over my uncle's sheep on the north side of the island." Slowly, her gaze fixed onto the dancers and their flaming torches. A villager passed by and I saw her face more clearly. Freckled and unwashed. Her hair betrayed her Scottish heritage and was wild an red. She stood a full head taller than me, but seemed about my age - no more than fifteen. Her eyes were grey and seemed to be softening a bit as the silence went on. "I see. My name is Lorna. Mostly recognized as the village orphan beggar." I nearly whispered. The admission seemed to snap Maira out of her trance. Her eyes fixed on mine and she seemed to study me skeptically, trying to discern if I was mocking her or being truthful. My solemn face proved my statement and she became less defensive. "Oh, bimbleweaves! Where in the dune's valleys did that wee lamb go?" Maira yelled out. She spun around in a panic. The animal was gone. Maira's eyes lit up with fear and she began frantically motioning to me with her staff to help find the creature. We were without a torch, but the full moon and numerous torch-baring villagers provided enough light for us to easily spot a bit of white wool running around. I felt this high-stakes game of hide and seek would be a simple one to win. "Bartley! Where are ye, wee devil?" Maira whisper-yelled. She seemed afraid someone might hear she had lost the lamb. Exasperated she said, "Hurry up, spy down to the other end of the village, whoever you are!" "Lorna." I said, almost scolding her for being so rude to me. Though I had no obligation to help her, I felt pity on her predicament. If I wanted to have a shot at having my first real friend, I would have to forgive her rough mannerisms and lend a hand. Or, in this case, a pair of eyes. Maira swiftly ran behind the baker's stonehouse. I ran directly across to the wool maker's stonehouse, scanning the piles of yarn wheels and wool for any sign of a curious little lamb. Nothing. I ran behind the dark structure and, to my surprise, saw the little lamb named Bartley, eating the wool maker's evening bread which he had left to cool on the back table. I slowly approached Bartley and scooped him up just as he took a large bite of the loaf - nearly finishing it off. Knowing the owner of the bread had a hot temper, I panicked and ran quickly through the street, lamb in my arms, to find Maira. As I reached the middle of the road, I noticed three torch carrying villages heading right toward me. They were going home for the night and I was caught in their light. They knew me well and were aware that I owned no sheep. They assumed I had stolen the lamb and began to hasten towards me. I froze. Scared of what they may do to me. "What are ya doing with that wee lamb, lass? You're a no-good thief!" scowled a village fisherman. "He's not mine, but I haven't stolen him." Before I could explain myself, I was surrounded. I held Bartley tight as he swallowed his last bit of bread. "We've put up with your begin' long enough, lass. You will return the lamb to it's owner." the wool maker was among the three men. "And you are herby forbidden from the village. We will not put up with beggar-thieves in this village." the fisherman seemed eager to get rid of me. Legend said that any individual who committed a crime on the night of the fire festival would ensure the offender was cursed for the rest of their days. My heart sank. I was speechless and horrified, surrounded by angry villagers and were closing in on me with their torches and angry faces. Suddenly I felt something hard hook around my arm and jerk me out of the middle of the mob. Before my eyes could decipher what was happening, I heard a voice that said, "Run! Run!" so I did just that. Bartley wanted down and began bleating, but I could think of nothing but running. After stumbling barefoot up the nearest hill, my eyes adjusted to the darkness and I saw that Maira was leading the way. She had hooked me with her staff and led me out of the mob. She kept running, and I just followed - navigating between the green hills and towards the north end of the island - looking over our shoulders often. No one was following us. After a long, breathless and painful sprint, we slowed to a walk, panting and weak from the scare. I stooped down to let Bartley walk on his own. Maira stopped to stroke him and check him for injuries. "I found Bartley." I stated the obvious, trying to lighten the mood. "Aye." she nodded. "Bartley, you're a wee devil." We caught our breath for a moment and I suddenly realized I had never traveled to this part of the island. It was still and beautiful. The full moonlight showcased the peaceful, treeless, green rolling hills. I saw a small herd of grazing sheep in the distance and figured they belonged to Maira's uncle. I abruptly realized I had no where to go and hoped my strange new friend would prove hospitable. Frightened at the prospect of being rejected help, I simply followed her lead in silence. The moon lit our path nicely as we slowly and cautiously trekked over each hill. Bartley seemed to know the way and kept trotting ahead of his fearless shepherdess. Her comfortable handling of the tall staff made me feel safest staying in her shadow even though I knew the danger was far behind us. Feeling weak from a day without food, my legs finally began to give out on the biggest hill we had attempted. The last thing I wanted to do was become a nuisance to this easily-annoyed girl. I was at her mercy. Half way up the monster hill my legs began to feel numb. The moon was suddenly hidden by a large group of clouds - I lost site of the past and stumbled on an large stone buried in the hillside. Maira had easily outpaced me and almost didn't hear me heaving in pain. The sharps edge of the rock had caught and pierced the top of my foot and as I fell, it ripped away the flesh. I felt a quick warm wetness gush over the top of my foot. I was bleeding. Badly. Traveling rocky hills with bare feet is a wee bit troublesome. "By the trow's beard! What happened, lass?" Maira yelled out as she ran down the hill towards me for a closer look. She knelt down and squinted her eyes to survey the damage. The stabbing and throbbing I felt made me gasp for air. I repeatedly tried to explain myself, but couldn't speak two words together. "Oh, shush." she said, obviously focusing on a solution. No comforting words, just a way to fix the problem. She slipped a dagger out from her girdle and for a moment I flinched, not knowing what she planned to do. Her skilled hands quickly cut a long section from her underskirt and wrapped it tightly around my throbbing wound. The pressure somehow lessened the pain I felt. "We need to make ye a pair of peasant ghillies so this doesn't happen again. Aye?" "Aye." I breathed out. I was shivering and my eyes felt like they couldn't be more wide open even if I tried. Bartley settled down by my side; he seemed to know I needed the warmth. As I worked