AN: Happy Christmas Eve Eve? I was supposed to wait and give this as some kind of Christmas gift but I got a little too excited. A couple of things; 1) If you haven't read Three Bloods- First Year this book will make little sense to you. 2) I will not be updating this as quickly as I did with TBFY because unfortunately I will have less time because of school and various other commitments from now on but I promise I will still update at least once a month. 3) I have quite run out of things that I prefer reviews to so I figure I'll pose questions instead as I know writing; 'please review!' doesn't actually help anyone figure out how to phrase a review. This does not mean you have to answer the question in your review, just that it's a... prompt? 4) Question for this one then; anyone got any ships for this series yet? (I think you'll find the chapter title quite apt to the question.) Obviously I can neither confirm nor deny any ideas, but I have a good idea of where everyone's relationships are going and I want to know if anyone has picked up on them. Also any out-of-the-box ships would be hilarious to read :). 5) Have a great Christmas/break from school/work if you don't celebrate Christmas. If you don't have a break from school/work then just have a great week :) (you poor soul). Chapter One Of Two Friends and Two Hot Gryffindors Two towns over from Erith, was the village of Alpra. In the village of Alpra, as it is with most villages, there was quite a few houses, a park, a corner-shop of some sort and that huge main road that every child is warned about by their parents until they are so terrified they make a special effort to avoid crossing it at all costs, until they reach high school when they suddenly decide it's the best place to do something stupid. Right by the main road, there were two rows of houses. On one side of the road there was also the park, and it was the next house on the left from the park where a particular family of four lived. They'd moved there when their daughter was six, from the south (the farmer part of the south as opposed to the posh part), and had lived there now for seven years. The family consisted of a dog, a girl, her mother and her father. Of course, no-one would say they were ordinary. The girl and her father's shared sense of humour went over most people's heads, the mother and the father weren't married (the scandal) and half of the family were magical. Not in the amazing sense, for all four of them had enough of that, but literally; they both had wands, had both attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and both occasionally wore robes instead of t-shirts and jeans. The mother and the dog were unaware of this magic, much to the annoyance of the girl. Apart from this, they lived normally; both parents worked full-time now their daughter was at boarding school and the dog was happy as ever. In the world, I believe there to be seven levels of friendship. Level One refers to the people who you know the first and last name of and whom you talk to outside a class or waiting for your bus, but wouldn't seek conversation with. Level Two refers to your parents' friends' children. You know, the ones who you see maybe four times a year and you have fun talking casually to, but you don't talk to them outside of these four visits. Level Three refers to the people you don't get tired of talking to, but you can't stand silences between you. You can't imagine just sitting next to them for three hours in silence reading a book each. Level four includes the silences. Level Five are those rare individuals that you would pretend to be their date for if they were ever being hit on by someone creepy in a bar, with all acting included, and you wouldn't feel at all weird about it afterwards. Level six is level five plus not actually acting when the creepy person hits on them. Level seven is sharing a grave. So of course, life in Alpra for this particular family of four changed when Lydjah Dawson met Jayna Blackwood. Oh she didn't know it then, and it was really nobody's fault that they became such good friends, but one moment they were casual level three friends, and the next they were at solid level five. One moment, Jayna's family was alive and the next they were not. One moment, neither of them had a best friend, and the next they'd made a friendship that would span eleven decades through the simple question of 'can I stay with you?'. However, they'd had a decade apart before they'd had a decade together. And if there was one thing that her Pureblood upbringing had ingrained in her completely, Jayna would say it was that you can never dress up too much for a party. So, when Lydjah opened Jayna's bedroom door and found her friend sat despondent on her bed, still in her pyjamas despite the fact that they only had an hour before they should leave, it didn't take much to put two and two together. "You haven't got an outfit, have you?" "No." Their summer, up unto this point, had been mostly uneventful. Lydjah has introduced Jayna to the cinema (they had gone to see Captain Marvel more times than either of them would ever admit and more times than Alen would pay for) and she'd read the entire Game of Thrones series at Alen's recommendation, and now all four of them were watching the TV show together (a source of great embarrassment for Lydjah and Jayna and therefore great amusement for Alen and Sophia). The rest of the time had been spent lounging about in the unfamiliar sunshine just enjoying not being in school; they planned to hopefully go to France next year but this year Alen's work had got in the way. Speaking of Alen, they'd been pushing him for an exact date as to when he was going to tell Sophia about magic but he kept procrastinating it and pushing it back (by distracting the girls with various treats and bribes that they unashamedly fell for). Their school letters were supposed to come any day now, not that they had anything new in them except school supplies for the various subject changes and the next book in each core subject. Letters from their friends had been entirely different; they were practically bursting with interesting news. Both Lydjah and Jayna were feeling magic withdrawal and couldn't wait to go to the Potters' where they could finally use the wands that were gathering dust in their respective drawers. "DAD!" Alen, after having to deal with thirteen years of Lydjah's rubbish immune system and hence lots of running up the stairs to get to his daughter before she threw up, came barrelling through the door like there was no tomorrow. "What is it?" He exclaimed, breathless, scanning the room for signs of danger. "Emergency shopping trip needed; right now." Thankfully, he was more relieved than cross. A giant sheepish smile spread across Jayna's face and she jumped up. Neither Lydjah nor Alen reminded her she was in her pyjamas thinking it would be much funnier to let her work that out on her own. "Sophia!" All of Lydjah's family found shouting to each other was much easier than having to get up and find the person and so none of them minded the screaming matches that often occurred in their house. "What?" She called back. "I'm just taking the girls to the park for an hour to run off some steam before their party!" 'To the park' was always their excuse if they were going to apparate; Sophia wouldn't come and check on them unless it was an emergency because of the 'overwhelming' butterfly population there (there had been one, once, but since then she refrained from coming anywhere near it), and she wouldn't get suspicious that the car was still in the drive. "'Run off some steam'? They're not five Alen!" "See you later! Love you!" By this point the girls and Alen were stood on the front doorstep, waving to Sophia who was watching the TV in the lounge. "Bye mum!" "Bye Sophia!" With that they all wandered down the drive until they were out of sight of Sophia and then, grabbing a hand of Alen's each, disapparated to Diagon Alley. It took them all of ten minutes to get to Gringotts, and all of fifteen for Jayna to realise she was in her pyjamas. Needless to say the goblins were not very impressed as they travelled down to her vault, Alen and Lydjah were in hysterics and Jayna was equal parts angry and mortified. It didn't help that these were the very same cow pyjamas that Sam and James had found her in the year before. She took a small sum of money out of her ridiculously full vault. Jayna and Cara had each inherited half of almost every single member of their family's wealth and the number was so great that they had to get a vault each. Jayna had always been well-off but coming to Gringotts now was rather terrifying. She had, of course, insisted that Alen and Sophia take whatever they needed to house her during the holidays, but even that had barely made a dent in the money she had to her name. They'd sold all of their family's properties but kept many of the heirlooms, which were all in Cara's vault because they hadn't sorted through them yet. Cara was living with Willow and her family (they were happy to have her; the two had been best friends since they could talk) in the holidays but the two sisters had met up a lot over the summer, although their last meeting had ended in tears. When they reached the exit to Gringotts Lydjah was utterly amazed to see Jayna voluntarily sprint all the way to Twillfit and Tatting's, dash in through the door and beg for a party dress before Lydjah and Alen had even stepped out of the bank. Lydjah and Alen shared a look; Twillfit and Tatting's was a very upmarket shop; only the richest could afford it and, while the Dawson's were not poor, this was one luxury they'd never seen the point in expending upon. They entered just in time to hear Jayna's exclamation. "I'm Jayna Blackwood ! I've been coming here for years! Honestly just because I'm in my sleepwear." The shop-owner, who'd previously been about to throw the pyjama-clad girl out of her shop, froze. "Jayna?" Jayna raised an eyebrow. "Merlin I'm so sorry. What did you say you wanted- Who are you ?" She addressed Lydjah and Alen with derision. Alen bristled. "This is my adopted family the Dawsons." Jayna explained, in a tone that quite clearly conveyed that if the shop-keeper did another thing to offend her she was leaving and taking her money with her. "Right." The flustered shop-owner decided to ignore Lydjah and Alen and focused once again on Jayna. "I want a party dress and matching shoes. I don't really care what the style is or whatever as long as it looks pretty on me and can be ready within the next forty minutes." Twenty minutes later Jayna had found the right outfit (she was quite good at shopping quickly; Lydjah was not ); a dark-green, short, ruffled dress with a matching coloured shrug and some killer gold wedges, very similar to the ones she used to own before the fire. It wasn't too posh (I mean this was a party that James Potter and