*QUICK NOTE* I originally started writing this is 2012 and put it on a old website that i am no longer on and I wanted to add it here. Hope you enjoy! I was excited to find out that my older sister was coming to stay with us for the weekend I hadn't seen her for a little more than a year and four months ever she went to live with our dad. I lived with our mom in Florida and she lived with our dad in Washington. Opposite corner of the country. She decided to go live with our dad when our mom and step-dad wanted to move from Arizona to here in Florida so he can further his baseball career. Bella was bringing her boyfriend Edward. She had already told me a lot about him from emailing each other. He seemed nice enough but I remember what he did to her before and I still was a skeptic of him. He had hurt her and I didn't like that she was so willing to take him back. I was already on summer vacation for me and she would be graduating in a few weeks. I was only a little over a year and a half younger than her. My birthday actually being tomorrow which made everything even better. I was turning seventeen years old which means that I got a new car for my birthday. Yah I know odd to get a car for your seventeenth birthday but I was happy to get it a year late. It wasn't a new car but it was amazing that Phil would get it for me. I was now driving to the airport to pick up my sister and her boyfriend. "Grace?" I hear a voice question from behind me. I turn to look at my sister. Her brown hair was pulled back into a pony tail and she had a back pack slung over one shoulder. She had grew only a little since the last I saw her, or I grew a lot. But I still was a tad taller than her. She stood at 5'6 me at 5'8. I have brown hair like hers but my hair was longer then hers, it reached down to almost my bottom. Mine was also lighter then hers too. Also, I had blue eyes and was had a bit more curves then her but was still considered fit. She dropped her back pack and we ran towered each other and hugged. I hate to admit it but I did miss her a ton even though we did have our differences at times. We pulled out of the hug and I noticed a guy walk up to us with Bella's bag. He looked… nice… he has bronze hair and a very pale complexion with golden eyes. He eyed me and I eyed him. Something I have not ever told anyone was that on my sixteenth birthday I was able to start and read minds. I woke up the morning of my 16th birthday and I kept hearing voices in my head. Not just any voices though. I heard the voices of mom and Phil. I just figured they were being extremely loud to annoy me. When I went into the kitchen though I looked at my mom and her lips wasn't moving but I could still hear her voice. And Phil's voice could be heard but he was taking a sip of his coffee. Needless to say I was shocked that day to find out that I could read minds. I never told anyone not even Bella because she would probably think I had gone mental. So I've kept it a secret until this very moment when I read Edward's thoughts. "Grace this is my boyfriend Edward Cullan." she says. I smiles and shake his hand. It was as cold as ice. You can read minds too? Edward thought. I eye him skeptically for a moment not sure if I wanted to answer him and he tries to suppress a laugh. he knew exactly what I was thinking. He just nodded his head yeas in reply to my question. We walked through the airport Bella and I talking about anything and everything as Edward walked behind us. We got their luggage and headed for my new car. We drove back to my house where our mom was waiting for us. The second we pulled into the driveway our mother ran to the car and opened the passenger side door and pulled Bella out to suffocate her in a hug. Edward and I exchanged looks that showed that we both weren't trying to laugh. I got out and got Bella's stuff from the back seat and took it into the house and put her stuff in my room where she was going to stay and Edward was going to sleep in the spare room. Mom showed them around the house as I arranged my room so Bella will be comfortable. After finishing arranging my room I get on my bed and pick up the book on my bedside stand and start to read. About a half hour later and right when I was about to find out whom the real murder was in my novel, Bella and Edward walk in. As Edward enters he closes the door behind him. "What's wrong?" Bella asks Edward as I close my book and place it on the bedside stand. "She's an elemental." Edward says pointing at me. Bella and I look at him confused. "A what?" I and Bella ask him. "An Elemental is another creature who, until today, was extinct." Edward says. "Carlisle told me that the Volturi had killed all of them to gain control of our world." he continue and I sigh in frustration trying not to listen to him. I was more curious as to why Bella never told me the truth. "So your knew he was a Vampire all along and never told me?" I ask my sister as I try not to get to angry that she left this fact out in telling me about Edward. Not to mention he had left her and had her in that depressed state for several months. I think I had saw him flinch when I though about it and like movie in fast forward his mind went to what happened why he left and how he felt and was thinking about all those months apart. "I have and I didn't tell you because I was swore to secrecy." She says to be giving me an apologetic smile. I sigh I knew she was right she had never given away any of my secrets and was very trust worthy. "Look and Elemental is someone that can control the Elements, Fire, Air, Earth, Water, and I think Carlisle mention that the most powerful had Spirit. The only other thing I really know about them is I can never drink their blood, Carlisle said just a drop of their blood can kill a Vampire." Edward says. "I can't control the elements." I exclaim. "I can barely control this mind reading thing!" "You can read minds?" Bella asks. "That's beside the point that just means I'm a freak." I say. "No that means your powers are developing I am sure you will have more, you need to be trained you are very young and very vulnerable. I can call Carlisle and see if he knows more and see if he could train you." Edward says. "Train me... I don't know I wouldn't be able to leave mom and Phil..." I say feeling a bit unsure what I want to do. Couldn't I just suppress the powers and not use them. "Look just think about it. you don't have to make a decision now but I am not sure you would be able to stop your powers." He says. I sigh not sure what I wanted to do. Bella and I finished the rest of the night catching up and just acting like old times Edward gave us our privacy and told our mom that he was really tired so he went to "bed" early. The rest of the weekend went by in a flash my birthday was celebrated by going to Disney World (Magic Kingdom). Luckily that day it was really, really cloudy out so Edward got to come with us too. However the next day was the day they were to go back to Forks. "I'm going to miss you soo much." Bella says as she hugs me tightly outside the security gate at the airport. Mom and Phil were with us and Bella had already said her good byes to them. She pulled away from the hug and went to stand by the entrance. I may have only met Edward two days ago but he was like big brother to me already. He hugged me. "If you ever need me I'm only a phone call away, and don't hesitate to come to Forks if you want to." He says as he pulls out of the hug. I smile and nod. He and Bella go through the security scan and we watch as they walk away. Once we could no longer see them we returned to the car and headed home. On our way home I thought about things. Things that have happened to me, and Edward's offer. I knew there was a deeper meaning to it. He really meant "If you ever want to figure out your powers come see my family." I was so deep into thought that I didn't notice the car coming at us until the last second. I was sitting behind Phil who was driving and the car was going to hit us head on. I put my hands up in front of my face to shield me from any broken parts of the car that could hurt me. I heard what sounded like a loud groan maybe cracking of metal on metal collision then I felt our car do a front flip and opened my eyes to see that we where upside down in the air. I noticed that Phil's head was bleeding and he was knocked unconscious. As the car came down from the air it landed on all four wheels, the car skidded and did about another four sideways flips. My mother hit her head against the window during mid-roll. Our car finally stopped upright on the side of the road. My mother and Phil were knocked unconscious and I was sitting in the back shaken up. It seemed like only seconds when I heard people from my left yelling. A man came up to my door and yanked it open. "Are you ok miss?" the man says to me. I look at him a bit confused, and then it hit me what really just happened. "Miss, can you hear me?" the man says. I nod my head I seemed still in shock yet well aware of my surroundings. "The ambulances are on their way!" I hear a women yell. "Come on let's get you out of the car." The man says as he unbuckles me. He moves out of the way so I can get out. I bring my legs out of the car and try to stand up. My legs where wobbly, and I almost fall but the man catches me. He helps me over to the side of the road and sets me down. The woman comes over and sits beside me to comfort me as the man goes and waits for the ambulance to come. Everything went into a blur then. The ambulance, police officers, and fire trucks came and got Phil and my mom out of the car. They were both carted off to the nearest hospital. Then the paramedics came over to me and checked me out. "Is Phil and my mom ok?" I ask from the back of the ambulance. The paramedic smiled