I've got a lot of spare time on my hands, so I decided I'd get back into this, which I started a few months ago. I hardly ever write in 3rd person, yet I like to stick to the author's style of writing when doing a fic, so here you have it. T rating for language, and violent themes, obviously. I've not written in a long time, so I'd really appreciate some feedback. Enjoy! :) My fingers work deftly as they attempt to repair the relative damage made to the would-be dress hem. I throw a glare to the destructive menace that caused the strands of knots and twists. My father, bottle near hand, attempts to take a look at the innards of the pathetic excuse of a sewing machine, but his hands shake too much. At 11 in the morning, he's not yet drunk, yet years of alcohol abuse have rendered his hands far from useful. My brother, Ronan, places his hand on my Father's shoulder, indicating he's probably a more suitable candidate to take on the machine. "Its probably just the electricity playing up again," He says as he removes the old plastic. "Not today," says Roma, having obviously just woken up, emerging from our room, leaning on the door frame. "They'd make sure its on all day; so the Reaping goes off without a hitch." Dad flinches, lounges in the couch and takes a swig. None of us mind, not today, not on the day that essentially claimed both his younger brother's lives in previous games. It isn't easy having 3 children you could lose either, Ronan and Roma both made it without being reaped, and I'm hoping I will as well. The pale green fabric is very smooth in my hands, and with great concentration, I eventually repair all semblance of technical error. I drape the dress over the back of the couch, ready to change into later. "You've your Mother's hands," my Father smiles, his mouth broadening as said Mother sits next to him, careful to avoid the dress, draping her legs across his lap. "I couldn't have done it better myself, you're going to look beautiful," she says, a reassuring smile passes her lips. "Thanks Mum," I give her a kiss on the cheek on my way to the kitchen, whose bench also serves as a sewing centre, and occasional dining table. Whilst we own our fabrics shop, we make nowhere near enough money to afford a house and basic living needs, therefore we live above the shop. The lounge and kitchen are both connected, a small bathroom, existing of a toilet and small bathing tub, takes up another corner of the flat, leaving two tiny rooms that serve as bedrooms, one for my parents, and the other for us 3 children. It was probably growing up in the same tiny room that formed the tight bond that exists between myself and my 2 brothers. We know everything there is to know about one another, Roma and myself knew Ronan was going to propose to his girlfriend months before he told our parents. I only share the room with Roma now though, as Ronan shares a tiny shack on the school grounds with his fiancee. They're both teachers at the school, so they rent their living space, as many of the teachers do, as its very cheap. Our Reaping days are always spent as a family, hence Ronan's presence. He's still trying to see what the problem with the sewing machine is, prodding wires and pulling stray threads that have found an unusual home in the many years the machine has been in use. The fabric shop has been in my Mother's family for generations, hence why our one sewing appliance is so old. I grind some coffee beans and throw the grinds into water on the stove to boil. "You doing coffee?" Roma asks, having sat himself down at the table some time ago to watch me fix my dress. "Yeah, we're out of milk though," I reply, knowing this will goad him into bartering with our next door neighbour for some, as he refuses to drink the stuff without it. My suspicions confirmed, he grunts and hurries down the stairs, shop bells ringing as he enters the street. Ronan and I give each other a look, smirking as he returns to his work. Roma's been attempting to woo the sweet maker's daughter for months now, and Ronan and myself force him over there every chance we can. The sweet shop sits next to us, its owners living in the same predicament we do, they're actually quite good friends of ours, hence Roma's attachment to their oldest daughter, Celia. They're basically official, but she dotes on her little sister and wants to wait until she's 19 so she can't be reaped, which I can understand. Said sister, Emelia, is in my year at school, and we're quite close. The room darkens and we all turn towards the one window, which faces the town square. A red banner, probably bearing the Capitol emblem is being hanged. "They could just ask us to shut the curtains," My mum jokes. Its sort of a running joke, when people send us clothing to repair, sometimes we're near out of precious fabrics, so instead we rip some off the curtains, which are now in tatters. A lot of the buildings in the town centre aren't pleasing to the eye, especially to the Capitol, hence why banners are hanged on almost every building, to hide the obvious cracks and abnormalities. Apparently being able to see into our living room doesn't sit well with the Capitol either. Roma eventually returns with a small amount of milk and we all sit down for coffee and our pre-arranged lunch, consisting of seeded bread, goat's cheese and fresh rabbit meat, which we receive weekly from a seam man in trade for warm clothes in the winter. Butcher meat is almost never affordable for us, so we settle for trading with illegal hunters who brave the woods and peacekeepers. I begin to get nervous as it nears 1 o'clock. Dad refuses to let us take any tesserae, which significantly lessens my chances, yet I'm always terrified my name will be drawn. Ronan only ever suggested getting tessera once, when we had a particularly cold, harsh winter, where many in the Seam perished and even those better off than us were starving, but Dad's reaction and Mum's quiet explanation afterwards made us bear through our suffering. Dad was from the Seam and he had been taking tesserae since he turned 12. He'd always tried to protect his brothers, not letting them apply, but after he'd turned 18, both of them were forced to as coal production was low and Dad was unable to support them with as little work as he was getting. Even though many in the Seam probably had their names in more times, his first brother got reaped one year after Roma was born. It absolutely devastated him, but with a 4 year old and a newborn to care for, he returned to the mines the same day the cannon fired. Two years later, his youngest brother fell victim to the Hunger Games, and I was born a few weeks after. Even with a new bundle of joy, his only girl, the effects of his loss started to show. He became withdrawn, depressed, and took up the drink. Even though he was still a great father, my mum was trying to look after 3 kids while managing a shop, and he could barely make a weeks worth of work in the mines because he was too hungover or drunk. I think Ronan still harbours some resentment for him, seeing as he had to step up and help Mum with Roma, myself and the shop. But sometimes, I try to imagine what life would be like without Ronan and Roma, if they had been reaped and murdered in the games, and I find myself admiring my Father's resolve and continuance to live, as I don't believe I could have done the same in his place. Our Mother quietly whispered to us on that winter night, after Dad had cried, pleaded and yelled at Ronan to never suggest such a thing again, eventually closing himself off in his room as his emotions overwhelmed him. She told us the true extent of our Father's depression, why he never talks about his family, and silently, without even a look at each other, us 3 children made a pact to help more. Myself and Ronan began to help Mum weave fabrics and repair clothes when we weren't at school. Roma wasn't old enough to go to the mines yet, so he found work chopping firewood for families down in the Seam, seeing as he fits in so well. He's the only one that got our Father's Seam looks, the grey eyes, tanned skin, and black hair. Whilst Ronan and I both have Mother's brown hair and green eyes. That's where the resemblance stops however, as I also inherited the tanned skin, while Ronan is as pale as our Mother, and both brothers are easily over 6'4, while I barely reach 5'9. Our plates have been empty for half an hour before Mum suggests I should get ready for the reaping. It starts at 2, but they always want to have us standing ready at 1:30, so I rise and retrieve my dress from the couch. I've just finished changing when there is a knock on the door. I let Ronan in and sit on the edge of my bed. "It looks so much bigger with only you two sleeping here now," he laughs, sitting next to me. He looks me over and hands me a brown paper bag, one he arrived with today and refused to let any of us see inside of. "For me?" I ask, pleasantly surprised, as gifts are a rarity in District 12. "Well I missed your birthday and it is your last reaping so," he places his arm around my shoulders. "Melanie came up with the idea and we saved up for a few months." I excitedly reach into the bag an pull out a brown package. "This isn't going to be like pass the parcel is it?" "Just open it," He chuckles. As I unfold the brown paper, I'm nearly overwhelmed with happiness. For as long as I can remember, the only shoes I've ever had have been my brothers before me, being either to big or almost wrecked. I've never had a pair that have fit me or were even remotely pleasing to the eye, so when I see a new pair of grey leather oxford style lace-ups, I squeal and wrap my arms around him. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" I yell into his ear and pull away, I immediately shove my socked feet into them, sighing as they fit with near perfection. I stand up and twirl. "Do I look okay?" I ask, eyebrow raised. "Yeah, Roma and I will have to fight all the boys away from you," He jokes, I playfully punch his arm and walk out into the hallway. "I'll never be able to get a boyfriend with you two idiots hovering over me," I exclaim as we enter the living area. Roma smiles broadly, "Nice shoes," I think he's actually happy to see me in shoes that weren't once his. "Shame about the face though." I roll my eyes and hit him on the way to show Mum the new additions to my feet. "You look beautiful darling, and the shoes match your dress, let your hair down though," She says after she finishes admiring my shoes. I go and sit next to Dad, who's placed himself back in the couch, letting my hair out of its tie which falls to my waist. "Can I put a braid in your fringe?" He asks.