Disclaimer: I obviously don't own rights to HP, but I took a lot of dialogue straight from the book, for this first chapter. From the end of this chapter and on, this story will not be DH-compliant, except for occasionally. This is just an idea that's been in my head for a while, with no real direction one way or another, so enjoy as it comes, and let the chips fall where they may! Also, as a sidenote, I've always been attached to the idea of a softer Malfoy when the spotlight isn't on him, so he will, at times, be out-of-character. Also, this chapter is sort of short, but they will definitely be getting longer. Hey, it's the pilot chapter, what did you expect? Enjoy! It starts with three people being dragged into the drawing room, hands tied behind their backs. Instantly, I recognize the mop of ginger hair and the somewhat-tamed, but still out-of-control bushy brown hair. The third, I know by context clues alone; his face is swollen and marred by what can only be a stinging jinx. His company is what gives him away. Potter . "Draco, come here," my mother commands me. I rise slowly from the chair tucked into the corner, stomach dropping. Greyback pushes Potter toward me, and I can see one distinguishable eye within the swollen splotches on his face. "Well, boy?" Greyback asks. I eye his pink, swollen face and greasy long hair with distaste. Potter does not meet my eyes. "Well, Draco?" my father asks. "Is it Harry Potter?" "I can't-I can't be sure," I lie. I avoid looking at him more than I have to; I cannot say why I have not given up his identity, but I cannot bring myself to do so. From his side, I hear Weasley panting and Granger whimpering. "But look at him carefully, look! Come closer!" my father urges me, unable to mask his giddy excitement. I know what he is thinking-Potter is the key to our name regaining its good standing. "Draco, if we are the ones who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will be forgiv-," "Now, we won't be forgetting who actually caught him, I hope, Mr. Malfoy?" Greyback asks. His voice sends shivers down my spine. "Of course not, of course not!" father says, waving a hand in annoyance. "What did you do to him?" he asks Greyback as he scrutinizes Potter's face. "How did he get into this state?" "That wasn't us." "Looks more like a Stinging Jinx to me," father agrees. His eyes land on Potter's forehead, and widen. "There's something there. It could be the scar, stretched tight…Draco, come here, look properly! What do you think?" Reluctantly, I draw closer, coming to stand beside my father. In the mirror behind Potter's head, I see the two of us, carbon copies. The only difference is, my father is rabid with excitement, and I wish to disappear into the floorboards. "I don't know," I say again, leaving my father's side and going to stand by my mother. "We had better be certain, Lucius," my mother tells him. "Completely sure that this is Potter before we summon the Dark Lord." She holds a wand in her hand, eyeing it as she speaks. "They say this is his, but it does not resemble Ollivander's description. If we are mistaken…if we call the Dark Lord here for nothing…remember what he did to Rowle and Dolohov?" she asks, reminding us of the torture to which the two men were subjected. This house has seen some horrors in its time. "What about the Mudblood then?" Greyback asks. He eyes Granger with an appraising eye as light washes over her terrified face. "Wait," mother says, "Yes-yes, she was in Madam Malkin's with Potter! I saw her picture in the prophet! Look, Draco, isn't it the Granger girl?" "I…maybe…yeah," I mumble, unwilling to give them away. Her hazel eyes are more wide and frightened than I've ever seen. "But then, that's the Weasley boy!" father shouts, quickly crossing over to Weasley. "It's them, Potter's friends. Draco, look at him, isn't it Arthur Weasley's son, what's his name-?" "Yeah," I repeat, turning away from them. "It could be." Of course it is, father, look at them. They're more disgusting and defeated than I've ever seen them, but the Golden Trio of Hogwarts stands in my manor nonetheless, all at the mercy of Death Eaters. I would laugh, if I wasn't so terrified. "What is this? What's happened, Cissy?" a soft voice calls out. My heart begins to thrum violently at the arrival of my aunt. The arrival of Aunt Bellatrix never bodes well for anyone, Death Eater or not. She stops dead, staring at Granger, and her eyes glint. "But surely this is the Mudblood girl? This is Granger?" "Yes, yes, it's Granger!" father exclaims, equal parts exasperated and excited. "And beside her, we think, Potter! Potter and his friends, caught at last!" "Potter?" she shrieks, backing up. She examines him slowly and carefully. "Are you sure? Well then, the Dark Lord must be informed at once!" She pulls back her left sleeve, and the Dark Mark stands out like a beacon of darkness against her pale skin. She raises a hand, ready to summon him , and I tense up. I have seen more of the Dark Lord in the past year than I have ever wanted, and part of me wants Potter dead just so that I can get back to my normal life. Of course, with Potter dead, I'll never be away from the Death Eater life. Trapped, no matter what. "I was about to call him!" father snaps, grabbing hold on Aunt Bellatrix's arm. "I shall summon him, Bella. Potter has been brought to my house, and it is therefore upon my authority-" "Your authority!" she laughs, trying to pull out of father's grip. It's futile, Aunt Bella, believe me. Been there, done that. "You lost your authority when you lost your wand, Lucius! How dare you! Take your hands off of me!" "This is nothing to do with you, you did not capture the boy-," "Begging your pardon, Mr. Malfoy," Greyback interrupts, "but it's us that caught Potter, and it's us that'll be claiming the gold-," "Gold!" Aunt Bella spits, laughing as she continues to try to pull out of my father's hold. She reaches into her pockets, looking for her wand. "Take your gold, filthy scavenger, what do I want with gold? I seek only the honor of his-of…" She stops moving suddenly, staring off at something. I follow her gaze, and then look back at my father, who is preparing to summon the Dark Lord. "STOP!" Aunt Bella screams. "Do not touch it, we shall all perish if the Dark Lord comes now!" Father pauses, hand extended over his mark, as Aunt Bella approaches a Snatcher. The air is tense and heavy as we watch. "What is that?" she asks. "Sword," grunts the Snatcher. "Give it to me," she commands him. "It's not yours, missus, it's mine, I reckon. I found it." Instantly, with a loud bang and a red flash, the Snatcher lays Stunned on the ground. Scabior draws his wand with an angry yell. "What do you think you're playing at, woman?" "Stupefy! Stupefy!" she screams, cursing four Snatchers in an instant. Only Greyback remains conscious, kneeling with his hands up in a mercy position. Aunt Bella strides over to him, gripping a sword tightly. Rubies glint from within the metal. "Where did you get this sword?" she demands, ripping his wand from his hands. "How dare you? Release me, woman!" "Where did you find this sword?" she yells, brandishing the sword around his face. "Snape sent it to my vault in Gringotts!" "It was in their tent!" Greyback says hoarsely. "Release me, I say!" Absently, Aunt Bella waves her want and Greyback scrambles backward, clutching tightly to the back of an armchair. "Draco, move this scum outside," Aunt Bella commands me, motioning to the unconscious Snatchers. "If you haven't got the guts to finish them, then leave them in the courtyard for me." I grit my teeth. Bitch . "Don't you dare speak to Draco like-," my mother begins. She is cut off by a furious scream from Aunt Bella. "Be quiet! The situation is graver than you can possibly imagine, Cissy! We have a very serious problem!" She looks particularly insane as she stands, wand in one hand, sword in the other, panting. She stares first at the sword, and then at the trio. "If it is indeed Potter, he must not be harmed." She speaks so quietly, I cannot tell if we are the intended audience or not. "The Dark Lord wishes to dispose of Potter himself…but if he finds out…I must…I must know…" She whips around to face my mother again, glaring at me. I shake my head, levitate the Snatchers, and guide them outside. I walk slowly, unwilling to rejoin that nightmare inside. Even when I am in my own home, the Golden Trio manages to meddle in my life and turn it upside down. I doubt if I'll ever have a moment's peace again. I glance over my shoulder, and then hide the four bodies in between a tall row of bushes. They can be somebody else's issue; I'm not in the business of murder. With a sigh, I head back into the drawing room. I enter, and then stop in the doorway. Potter and Weasley are gone, but Granger is still there. She stares at me, terror in her eyes, as Aunt Bella stalks around her in circles, her small, coveted dagger in hand. Mother motions for me to join her, and I quickly walk to the fireplace where she stands, watching her sister. "What is she doing?" I whisper, trying not to move my lips. "It would seem the Mudblood stole from her vault," mother responds. "Of course she would, not like muggles have anything worth value," father sneers. "Maybe she thought she could establish herself as a witch if she had something to set her apart." My brow furrows as they speak. Granger is no angel, but she wouldn't steal from another witches' vault, no matter what it was. Would she? I am shaken from my thoughts as Aunt Bella sends Granger to the floor, sprawled on her back. Aunt Bella climbs on top of her, straddling her body, and extends her right arm straight out. Before I can look away, the tip of the dagger meets Granger's skin, and she lets out a bloodcurdling scream. "I'll teach you to steal from me, you filthy Mudblood!" Aunt Bella howls as she carves into Granger. Their screams mingle together and echo off of the beams in the ceiling. Panting, Aunt Bella draws her wand, dagger cast aside. "What else did you take, what else? CRUCIO!" Granger writhes on the floor, and I am almost positive her screams are going to kill her. I step forward to stop my aunt, and my mother takes hold of my arm. "No, Draco," she says softly. "This is the price that must be paid." "But…" I begin weakly. At the hardened look on my mother's face, I fall silent, and stare at the scuffed tips of my shoes. Three more times, she curses Granger. "How did you get into my vault? Did that dirty little goblin in the cellar help you?" Aunt Bella screams. "We only met him tonight!" Granger gasps through sobs. "We've never been inside your vault. It isn't the real sword! It's a copy, just a copy!" It is difficult to hear Granger speaking, so broken down and lacking all of her usual annoying confidence. "A copy?" Aunt Bella screeches. "Oh, a likely story!" "But we can find out easily!" father advises. "Draco, fetch the goblin. He can tell us whether the sword is real or not!" I make a face but drag myself past Granger and down