Author notes: Back with another one. There's only one thing I love more than cars in fics: Mafia/Mobward fics. I hope you enjoy. Each chapter will switch from POV. Every second chapter will be Bella's POV and so on and so forth. I'll update every Friday but that all depends on how much I've written. A few chapters are already prewritten so you'll be set for six or seven weeks. I'm the worst at describing stories so I'll just let you read on. Please review. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. The rest is mine. Chapter one. Bella's POV The music was pumping loudly around me as dancing bodies pushed past me to get to the dance floor before their favourite song of the night ended. It was almost one am and Rosalie was nowhere to be seen. I knew she was off with one of her many conquests she'd have in a night and knew better than to disturb her. The last I saw of her was with that large body builder at the start of the night. Which was at eleven pm. I sighed and downed the last of my gin, wondering how my night would end. Since things with Angela ended two days ago, this club was becoming a better friend than Rosalie would be. Also gin. Gin never let me down. Or gave me reason to break up with it. I guess I just wasn't the relationship type. I'd grown too hard through my two years in college. I was nineteen exactly a month now. The 13th of September didn't bring an incredible celebration since it's the shittiest age in history but I was making up for it now in the harsh weather of October. Rosalie, my go-to ride or die was twenty-one, a blonde beach babe from Miami and we'd been friends since my first day on campus at Boston University. Why she moved to the cold weather of Boston was beyond me but I loved Rose more than words. She was wild and crazy with a killer ass that my bisexual ass wished was gay. But I'd never hit on a friend. I wasn't that full on. As for me, my acceptance into Boston University came as a surprise, since I was set on staying at home in bum fucked Port Angeles with my newly widowed mom. As you can probably tell, I'm used to the cold weather. My mom, Renee was part of the police force and that's where she met my dad, Charlie. Though we lived in PA, the heart of Seattle was where they spent their working days. My dad lost his life while on duty and my mom wasn't the same ever since. She retired and spent her time at home, refusing to move. I was thirteen when he was shot and that made me convert to the rebel stage of my teenage years, flunking class tests and whatnot. It wasn't until my mother forced the notion into my head that my father would want more for me so I knuckled down, studied my ass off but was still so surprised I even got a response from colleges, let alone a university. I swore my results were so poor, they'd throw out my application immediately. But I was accepted and I hated leaving my mom behind but she all but forced me to leave. She couldn't stand to see me miserable too. She didn't want to hold me back. So, here I was, in my second year of college, studying English Literature and Business Management, sneaking my way into clubs that were over 21 and drinking gin during my newly single life. Great, isn't it? I checked my phone one more time, hoping for a text from Rose but there was nothing. Nada. Where the fuck was she? "This seat taken?" A low voice murmured in my ear and I jumped, almost dropping my newly empty glass to the floor. "Jesus!" I gasped, flinging a hand over my heart to calm it. "You dick, don't sneak up on a lady like that!" "My bad," the man chuckled and when I looked up to tear him a new one, I froze. "Jacob?" "Hey, Bells!" Jacob Black grinned, still sporting the goofy smile he always flashed me as a kid. Once my heart slowed, I finally reacted to my old best friend. "Oh my god, Jake!" I jumped from my seat and sprang into his arms. "What are you doing here?" I roared as he chuckled into my neck. "I'm here on assignment," he told me. "I was relocated." "Shit, were you promoted or something?" I grinned. "Congrats, Jake!" "Thanks," Jacob beamed, proudly, though he tried to look bashful. "Who are you here with? Would you like a drink?" "No, I'm good. And I'm with my friend Rose. Though she's probably eating the face off some guy by now. Sit down, catch up!" Jacob laughed again and ordered himself a beer. "I was about to head out but you caught my eye. I just got off duty and decided to have a quick drink before I left. I wanted to make sure it was you first. I was gonna call tomorrow once I was settled in and see if you were free, but I guess God had different plans." Oh yes, Jacob and his God . In all truth, it was my dad who got him into wanting to become a policeman. He idolised my father as a kid. It was Jacob's actual father who influenced his religious beliefs. It was so weird to see Jacob so grown up in uniform after years of being his high school crush. My dad was convinced we'd become a couple when he was alive but then he died and I was a rebel and then I met Angela last year and… well… Jacob was always just a friend to me. "I'm glad you caught me, I was all alone here," I laughed it off. "Where's Angela?" He asked the inevitable. "She not out with you tonight?" I dropped my head, embarrassed. "No, uh… we broke up." " Again ?" Jacob's tone was condescending. When I came home for Christmas last year, Angela and I had been on another one of our 'breaks'. "It's over for good now," I promised, slightly annoyed by his response. "I guess I'm not ready for a relationship." "You should just stick with us, dudes," Jacob winked and I cringed inwardly. "Guys are worse," I laughed it off. "You're probably right," he said lowly but I still heard him over the loud music. "I need to head off but it was good seeing you again, Bells. I've been undercover since I got here two nights ago. I'll call you tomorrow and we can set up another time to see each other. How's that?" "Sounds great," I smiled with a nod. "Be safe. And congratulations again!" "Thanks, Bells. Bye." And he was gone, his beer barely touched. I shrugged and chugged it once he was out of sight, turning back around to face the bar. Since we used to be best friends, Jake wouldn't mind. A low chuckle sounded in my ear again and I swore I was having déjà vu. "I don't think your friend would appreciate you stealing his beer while he's in the bathroom," a husky voice murmured, the voice of the man ghosting my ear, making me shiver. I dropped the bottle back to the counter and swivelled in my seat, ready to turn my sass on but I was stopped short when I actually got a look at the guy. Pure sex. Sin. The most delectable man on the planet. And yet those words weren't enough to explain the man that stood before me. Tall, lean, adorning a perfectly tailored suit that, under the disco lights, looked navy blue. Blue being my favourite colour. A five o'clock shadow on his perfectly sculptured jaw and the hair on his head just screamed freshly fucked. And with that thought in mind, I wanted to kill whatever woman had the pleasure of running their hands through it. And he was definitely in his late twenties. A businessman, for sure. But enough of that. It was his eyes that captured my attention. Endlessly green. Emerald green. Bright, shining and oh so seductive. And I bet he used those tricks on hundreds of girls each night. "We're friends," I confirmed to the sex god. "He won't mind at all. And besides, he's gone home." "And left you here? Alone?" The man's brow furrowed, feigning worry. "He isn't much of a friend now, is he?" I faked a smile. "I'm a big girl, I can handle myself." The man chuckled. "I'm sure you can…" He licked his lips. "I'm Edward." I stared down at the hand he extended towards me. Long, piano fingers. I wondered if he could play any instruments. He looked smart, focused in that suit. Maybe he acquired many skills with those hands. And his name was Edward . Such an old name. Timeless, though. And how he pronounced it with his accent? I was a goner. "Bella," I replied with a smile, shaking his hand. He had hard, rough hands, yet they were tender on the palms. I think I was falling in love with every part of his body by this point. "May I sit?" Edward asked, motioning to the empty chair Jake once occupied. I bit my bottom lip and his eyes zeroed in on the action. "I was actually about to look for my friend." "The one who left?" "No," I shook my head quickly. "Who I came here with. Rosalie. She's around here somewhere. Blonde, beautiful, big tits." "Ah!" Edward held up a finger and smirked deliciously. "You mean, the one that's currently sitting on my brother?" Huh? I followed his eyes and sure enough, I spotted Rosalie across the dance floor, in a secluded area, on the lap of the large body builder from earlier. Which was seemingly, Edward's brother. "Small world," I muttered and I wondered if he could hear me. "She could have at least texted me." "She's a little preoccupied at the moment," Edward smiled, taking the seat beside me anyway. "I don't think you're going anywhere for a while." "Great," I forced a smile. Edward was about to say something else when a loud gasp sounded beside us, interrupting my night once again. "Seriously, Izzy?" You have got to be kidding me. "Two days after we break up?" Angela spat, racing through the throngs of people to get to me. "Seriously, Bella?" "Don't do this here," I rolled my eyes, throwing an apologetic look towards Edward who just looked stunned at the display before him. I could see the mechanics working in his head at Angela's sentence. But he'd assume something completely different. He'd assume I was all the way . "We're over, Angela. You need to get that into your head." "You'll never change," Angela threw me a disgusted look before storming away and I couldn't help but follow her hips as she left. She'd always be sexy to me. I ran a hand through my long hair and turned back to Edward, seeing him wearing the same look of shock when Angela rolled up. "Huh," was all he said. "I could have sworn you were straight." "I'm not gay," I said all too quickly and then I caught myself. "I mean, I'm bi. I'm bisexual. I'm sorry. Sorry, it's not something I usually have to explain." Edward seemed to catch himself too as his face unscrewed with shock and his smirk was back in full effect. "I think my heart stopped there. I could have sworn my chances with you were gone." I gritted my teeth in embarrassment and Edward burst out laughing. "Sorry, but that was so cheesy. I couldn't hold back the laugh." And I couldn't help but smile at that. "Funny," I deadpanned, taking another sip