Disclaimer: No I don't own Harry Potter unfortunately. All the characters belong to J.K. Rowling. The only thing I own is the plot that is different from all of J.K. Rowling's works. Throughout this story, the characters that have their own sections/chapters will break the fourth wall. Their sections will be represented in bold lettering. Chapter 1: The New Beginning (Ginny P.O.V.) Ever since I was 6 years old I have been in love with the boy-who-lived, or at least I thought I was. My father used to tell me stories every night before I went to sleep about his life and how special he was. I often headed to bed early just to hear more about his personal life, who he was, and wondered whether or not I would meet him someday. Harry James Potter was the only person alive who has survived the killing curse at the hands of Lord Voldemort and live to tell the tale. The night that evil man vanished, the entire Wizarding community was joyful that Voldemort was gone. None of that mattered to me at the time, but it was one of the reasons why everyone loved Harry Potter. Me personally? I just wanted to talk to him at some point in my life. Every night it would be a different story about Harry and all the adventures he has gone through. Slaying dragons, fighting off werewolves, saving people from a horde of vampires, made it all so enthralling to hear. How I wished I could be like him and go off on a fantastic adventure as well. My mother was more realistic on the views of that Harry Potter and why it was not such a great idea to be around him. She claimed that only dark wizards could ever survive a deadly curse because there was enough evil in their souls to block them from certain peril. I personally believed this was a load of hogwash. How could someone who lost their parents at such a young age be filled with that much evil? There was no possible way that Harry could be a dark wizard. Even though I had never met him, I'm sure Harry Potter was a true hero in every sense of the word. One day I would show my mother that Harry is a good person, but I never could think of anything to prove it. My family was split on the views of who Harry truly was. My father and myself, of course, believed Harry was good, while my mother, brother Percy, and brother Bill thought differently about him. Percy was just too stuck up for his own good. He claimed that Harry Potter only survived on pure luck because Voldemort was a truly powerful, yet evil wizard, who only vanished because of accidental death. I simply refused to believe the nonsense that was coming out of my brother's head. To think that Harry lived because Voldemort screwed up the killing curse was laughable. Bill liked to look at things logically and had to agree with Mum. While he was not as stuck up as Percy, he just thought that only someone with dark powers could have lived against the brutality that came from "You-Know-Who". I wasn't completely upset with Bill because I had a feeling that he would eventually change his mind about Harry, but for now I shrugged off his concerns. The twins thankfully were smart enough to realize that no one in the family has ever met Harry and therefore couldn't judge him just based off of what was in the Daily Prophet. They would however prank him if they ever got the chance and see if he was a good sport about it. It figures the only way those two jokers would see if someone was of "good character" was if they liked pranks or not. Charlie didn't have time for the fabled hero as he was always so concerned with his dragons at the reserve in Romania. If Harry Potter was ever brought up in conversation at the house while he was there, he would usually not comment and prefer to not speak his mind. That was fine with me though, because I truly didn't want more of my family believing Harry was no good. The only one I could never really figure out was my other brother Ron. Where did his views on Harry Potter stand and what kind of person did he believe Harry to be? Most of the time my brother felt jealous that Harry got all of this attention that "should" have been directed at him. I never understood until much later on that my brother always felt insecure about himself and therefore always craved attention for what he did. It's understandable after all considering he is the youngest male Weasley, but he is not the youngest child in the family because that role was for me: little Ginny Weasley. When I turned 8 my mother's views on Harry Potter completely changed overnight. Every time the boy was mentioned, she would go on and on about how great he was and why we should all think of him as a good wizard. To think my mother would ever start preaching Harry Potter as the purest boy alive was just unthinkable to me. There had to be some kind of reasoning behind it. The family of course was flabbergasted because my mother never changed her mind about anything in her life: when she put her mind to it, that was final. It's probably where I get my stubbornness from. Before my mother changed her views on Harry, I noticed that Professor Dumbledore would come to the house often and spend hours at a time with my parents while us kids played outside. I managed to hear bits of their conversations through one of the side walls of the house that had a hole into the kitchen. While their voices were muffled, I could often hear the words "Harry", "contract", and ... "betrothal"? What could that mean? I never could get much more from their conversations because my hiding spot was not the greatest for eavesdropping. More often than not I would head out to the padlock and try to fly a broom without my brothers noticing. Flying always seemed to clear my head and I was getting really good at it too. I've been flying ever since I was 5 years old and can easily out maneuver any of my dim witted siblings except for Charlie of course. Charlie was the seeker at Hogwarts for the Gryffindor team for a few years and was even offered the chance to play pro Quidditch. He reluctantly turned it down claiming that dragons will always be his true passion in life. I would have gone with the Quidditch contract. Maybe someday I will be able to play for the Hollyhead Harpies: the only all female Quidditch team. Two years later, Ron was finally given his letter to Hogwarts. This unfortunately would mean that I would be by myself with mom and dad for the entire year. Even though I was happy for Ron getting his letter, I was also extremely sad that he would be leaving. Since my other brothers were either out of school or still in school, Ron and I relied on each other for support and I would miss him dearly. The night before we took him to the Hogwarts Express, I cried my eyes out. I truly didn't want to be alone. The next morning was the same as every year in the Weasley household: chaotic. Every year on September the 1st, my family would always be behind and forget something or would misplace items needed for Hogwarts. It also didn't help that Ron refused to pack anything until the morning of and more than likely forgot a lot of clothes. Next year I would be part of that chaos. I chuckled at that thought and began getting ready to leave for the station and say goodbye to my brothers. After flooing to King's Cross with ten minutes to spare, we finally all made it to the platform. I would always remember this day, because it was the day I met a very special boy. Mum was rushing us towards the hidden wall that led to Platform 9 and 3/4, when a small boy with jade green eyes who was somewhat scrawny, had black hair, oversized clothes, and glasses that were in need of repair, stepped forward towards us and asked for help in getting on the platform. He was so nervous to approach us. "Oh not to worry dear. Everyone gets nervous when trying to get on to the platform. It's Ron's first time to Hogwarts as well!" my mother said while pointing towards her youngest son. Mum then explained to the boy that all you have to do is walk straight at the wall between platforms 9 and 10. I could tell he was nervous about walking into a wall, so mum let Ron go ahead. Since Ron was used to this by now, he took off in full speed to the wall and was gone in a second. The poor boy was still nervous about going through, so I offered to go along with him. "Hey. Don't be scared. It's perfectly normal to feel this way." I said while taking hold of his right hand. The boy instantly seemed at peace and nodded his head. I thought that he was muggle-born from the look of things, and he didn't seem to have any parents with him either. I wonder what happened to them? It's not right for someone this young and inexperienced with magic to go at it alone. So I did the only thing that seemed right. "Do you want to go with me?" I asked the boy. He said yes and together we started running at the wall between the two platforms. Just before we hit the wall I noticed the boy had shut his eyes. I silently chuckled to myself as we went through the barrier. Seeing him wince made him incredibly cute in my eyes. It also helps that he was already cute to begin with. Ok Ginny that's enough of that. Get a grip and focus now. Once we were through, the boy took into his surroundings of amazement. "I love magic!" He exclaimed. I guess he really is a muggle-born because seeing the hidden station is not as surprising to me or my family anymore. Not that I have a problem with him being a muggle-born. I like all people, unless they're my brothers because they can get quite annoying. The boy then turned to me and gave me a sudden surprising hug and gave me his thanks for helping him. I've never received a hug from a boy before and it felt quite nice. My brothers don't count. I never consider them. After letting go of him, I blushed a serious shade of Weasley red that did not seem to let up. The boy thought this was funny and so I decided to playfully smack him in the arm. "What was that for?" the boy asked while still laughing. "For being a prat." I said while winking at him and started laughing again. "What's your name?" the boy asked. "I've never had a friend before and I would love for you to be my first friend." My eyes widened in shock. How could this devastatingly cute boy ( ok ok I get it ) never have had a friend before? Realizing I was thinking too hard about this, and was keeping him on his toes at the same time, I decided to reply back. "My full name is Ginevra Molly Weasley, but please don't call me that. I hate my full name and usually hex anyone that says it. Please just call me Ginny." I said whilst extending my hand. The boy smirked and shook my hand