Disclaimer: This story is 100% alternate universe and most, if not all, of the characters in this story are out of character as well. Also I don't own anything by J.K. Rowling and I am not trying to steal her characters, plots, or moments within the books that she has written. This is my own story and I also claim to not copy off of anyone else's work either in the process. Summary: After Harry's name is chosen from the Goblet of Fire, things start to go horribly wrong for the chosen one and a nefarious plot to eliminate him, from his fellow classmates, is put into place. Can Harry find out who is responsible for the darkness surrounding him before it is too late? How can he deal with this and Voldemort? Mature rating is for violence, gore, and swearing. Chapter 1: Chosen "The champion for Durmstrang … is Viktor Krum!" said Dumbledore. The students inside of the Great Hall, located within Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, all cheered for the professional Bulgarian quidditch seeker. The students of Durmstrang all gathered around Krum and gave their congratulations. After a few minutes of celebrating, Viktor walked up to the front, shook the hands of Igor Karkaroff, Madam Maxine, and Dumbledore, and stood next to the table where all the professors ate. "No surprises there!" said Ron Weasley to Harry Potter. Harry smirked and continued to clap with his fellow classmates. The students were were now patiently awaiting the results of the next two champions. Suddenly, the Goblet of Fire turned violet once again and shot another piece of parchment out into the air. Dumbledore caught it, and proceeded to read the next name. "The champion for Beauxbatons … is Fleur Delacour!" said Dumbledore. Most of the great hall cheered even louder for Fleur than they did for Krum, with the exception of most of the Slytherins and Harry, Hermione Granger, and Ginny Weasley. Like Viktor, Fleur rose from her seat after getting several congrats from her fellow classmates, and stood next to Krum at the front of the Great Hall. Unlike Krum however, Fleur did not shake Dumbledore's hand or Karkaroff's, but instead ran to Madam Maxine and gave her a hug. "Of course she would get picked. The snobbiest one in all of Beauxbatons just happens to be chosen for the Goblet of Fire. I am calling a fix on this later!" said Ginny. Hermione laughed a bit and Harry had to agree that it seemed all too convenient for that girl to be chosen, especially since he had learned not too long ago that she was indeed part Veela. Ron didn't mind however because his jaw was still on the floor while looking at Fleur. After getting smacked upside the head by Hermione, Ron came back to his senses. The Goblet of Fire turned violet once more and shot out the last name into the air. Dumbledore read the last champion's name aloud for all to hear. "The Hogwarts champion … is Cedric Diggory!" said Dumbledore. At that moment the Hufflepuff table erupted in applause for their housemate. Cedric had to literally peel the girls off of his back in order to go up to the front and shake Dumbledore's, Karkaroff's, and Madam Maxine's hands. Harry laughed a little at the sight before him, but was happy that Diggory was selected to compete in the tournament. "Interesting," said Hermione. "I never thought Cedric would have been chosen. I am just glad that the champion was not from Slytherin." Harry agreed with his pseudo sister and continued clapping for Diggory. Cedric had just gone to the front and began listening to what Dumbledore was saying. "Excellent! We now have our three champions!" said Dumbledore. He then took on a solemn tone. "I must warn you all that from this point forward, there is no going back. The champions will stand alone! As of this moment, the … " Dumbledore stopped his speech once he heard a sound coming from the Goblet of Fire and stood in awe once he saw the blue flames change into the violet color once more. At that moment, the Goblet shot out one final piece of parchment into the air. Dumbledore caught the slip and a look of terror came across his face once he read the name aloud. "Harry Potter." Dumbledore said somewhat quietly. Everyone turned their heads to where Harry was sitting. Harry looked at Hermione, Ron, and Ginny and he was just as dumbfounded as they were. "I didn't put my name in the cup!" said Harry. "Please believe me!" Ron gave Harry a sour look on his face and looked away from his friend. Hermione was speechless. The questioning look on her face, however, was everything Harry did not want to see. Ginny on the other hand was sad that Harry was put into the tournament in the first place and wanted to hug him but couldn't at that point in time. The only thing she could do was take his hand and say: "I believe you Harry." said Ginny. Ron and Hermione both gave her a surprised look. Harry blushed a little at Ginny's gesture but couldn't say any more because Dumbledore called his name out once more. "Harry Potter!" Dumbledore said in a louder tone than the last time. "Go on Harry! Get up there!" said Hermione. "I won't go until you all believe me!" Harry said while looking at his friends. "Harry please go! We will talk about this later!" Hermione said. "HARRY POTTER!" Dumbledore shouted for the final time. Harry stood up from the table and proceeded to walk to the front of the Great Hall. Many whispers and murmurs could be heard around him and Harry started to become uncomfortable. When he reached the front, Harry could see Hagrid shocked beyond all belief and had a few tears coming from his eyes. "No … No … It's not possible." Hagrid whispered under his breath. The next comments however were clearly heard by everyone. "He's a cheat! He's not even old enough to enter this tournament!" said someone from the crowd. Harry turned around to find the voice, but was not able to locate who had said it. The Great Hall started to erupt with anger. Students and teachers were outraged that Harry Potter, a 14 year old boy, was chosen to compete in the Tri-Wizard tournament. Since Dumbledore had drawn the age line around the Goblet of Fire, and many were not able to enter their names because of it, the likelihood of Harry being able to get in was extremely unexpected, if not impossible. "Silence!" shouted Dumbledore. He turned his heads to the champions and said "You four must head to the back room immediately. There are things that we all need to discuss." "Like how the fact this little boy was able to get into the tournament Dumbledore?" Karkaroff asked menacingly. "Igor please head to the back with the others. We will find out the cause of this incident I assure you." said Dumbledore. The champions, judges, Snape, Moody, and Dumbledore then all headed to the back room behind the Great Hall while the students continued to erupt in anger at Harry Potter being chosen. The teachers remained calm for the sake of the students, but you could tell a lot of them were just as confused as the kids were. Ginny looked on in disgust at her fellow classmates. All around her she could hear Harry's name being besmirched, by some of Harry's so called "friends". She then turned to the people nearest and studied their reactions. Seamus and Dean started betting how long Harry would survive, Fred and George were planning to congratulate Harry since he tricked the goblet, and Neville looked too shaken up to comprehend what happened. After looking, Ginny took in the sounds of disapproval around her once more. How could they absolutely be mad at Harry being entered in the tournament when they should have been worried instead? This was obviously a set up and anyone should be able to see that. At least Hermione and Ron would believe Harry. Right? The youngest Weasley turned her head to Hermione. The intelligent girl who seemed frightened for her friend was gone. Hermione was now scowling and talking to Ron about something. While she didn't get every word out of what was said, Ginny did hear the words "inexcusable", "unforgivable", and "reckless" coming out of Hermione's mouth. "Quiet down all of you! Prefects please escort your houses back to their dormitories immediately!" said Professor McGonagall. She then headed into the back room where the champions and other professors were. Back in the Gryffindor Common Room, most of the students were patiently awaiting the return of Harry Potter in order to either find out how he did it, or yell at him for getting into the tournament at all. When Ron, Hermione and Ginny entered through the portrait, the three of them pushed through the crowed room and found a spot near the back. Ron and Hermione were for once not arguing about something while Ginny was anxiously waiting for Harry. Since Ginny was only vaguely listening to their conversation, she initially ignored them. When Ron talked a bit louder, however, Ginny began listening a bit more closely. "How could he have done it, Hermione?" asked Ron. "He's a cheat! If he was really my friend he would have told me how he had gotten himself entered!" Ginny was shocked to hear that her dim witted brother was accusing Harry of something like this. Well … maybe not that shocked. Ron always was really quick to anger and it always took him a while to see the truth. What was more surprising to Ginny was the fact that Hermione was agreeing with him. "I don't know Ron. I should have known Harry would have done something like this. It's not enough for him to have a normal year isn't it? He has to go off and do something so foolish and dangerous!" said Hermione. "I considered Harry like a brother but after something like this I don't know if I can be around him any longer!" Ginny's jaw dropped to the floor. She couldn't stand listening to this any longer. "You two have got to be kidding me!" Ginny shouted. Everyone in the common room turned their heads towards the direction of her shouting, but Ginny didn't care. "How could you possibly think Harry would want to be in this tournament?" Ginny screamed at her brother and Hermione. She turned her head towards Ron. "I should have guessed you would be stupid enough to believe Harry entered the tournament, you prat! You're his best mate and should take his word that he didn't do this. You, Ron, are an absolutely disgraceful friend!" said Ginny. Ron began cowering in his seat thanks to his little sister. The young redheaded witch suddenly began scowling at Hermione. "I am way more disgusted with you Hermione! I cannot believe you would turn your back on someone who you consider a brother when he needs you the most! You and Harry may be as close as siblings, but right now you are planning on abandoning him? Are you insane? You need to get your head out of your ass and start seeing the truth!" said Ginny. Before leaving, Ginny spoke up once more to the rest of the students in the common room. "To the rest of you, I can see how bad this must look for Harry, and that he could have entered into it through your eyes, or possibly cheated, but you all need to wake up! Harry said he didn't do this, and that's all we need to know to believe him!" Ginny screeched. With that, Ginny stormed off from the common room leaving a very distraught Ron and Hermione behind her. The rest of the students in the room stood