Hi All, I couldn't leave this universe alone I hope you all like. Gale Hawthorne unfurled himself from his seat of the Hovercraft. It landed by the Meadow. The door opened up slowly. He squinted into the bright sunlight. Everything around him was bright and green. He inhaled the old familiar smell of the Meadow and of the Forest. He had not stepped foot in his birth place in a little over fifteen years. The last time he came he was shooting a propo with Katniss. His security guard looked perplex for a moment before giving him the all clear to move forward. "Hi welcome back to District Twelve." Thom greeted Gale from the foot of the bay door of the Hovercraft. Gale blinked he expected a welcoming committee accompanied by some school band playing not Thom who used to work with him on the same shift when he worked in he mines. His two guards planted themselves just behind him flanking his right and left side. They looked ominous juxtaposed against the scene before him. Gale blinked Thom held a baby in his arms and there were two toddlers clinging too his pants. "Thom?" "Yep" Thom watched Gale Hawthorne walk out in his expensive Capitol made suite. A far cry from the ripped coal miner's uniform they used to wear. "What are you doing here?" I was supposed to meet the Mayor." "That's me" Thom nodded. Gale recalled the old days when Mayor was a Merchant. "I thought…" "Who were you expecting Gale." Thom said as he looked over his left shoulder. "John I would suggest you not stick the frog down your sister's dress." Gale looked and saw two more kids a boy who looked to be around seven and a girl who was around the same age. "Are all of these yours?" A flush crept up Thom's neck. He knew what people said, that he and Delly could not keep their hands off each other. After five children and ten years of marriage you would think people would stop talking about them. He hitched their youngest baby June on his hip. "Yeah they are all mine and Delly's." "Delly" Gale exclaimed recalling the perky blond who was part of Peeta Mellark's recovery team back in District Thirteen. "You shacked up with Delly Cartwright." Thom took a serious note to his voice. "Actually she is my wife and the twins back there and these three angels are our children." Thom once more looked over his shoulder "Alyssa, do not listen to your brother, eating worms is not a good way of keeping the monster from under your bed." Thom handed the baby to Gale "Would you mind holding June." Gale held Thom's baby at arm's length as it drooled on his suit. He had not held a baby since Posey was a small. Reluctantly he brought the dark haired child closer to him. He wondered how easy going Thom become a father of five children. Uneasily he looked down at the two little girls who had parked themselves on the grass. They looked to be no older than two. The baby he was holding had gotten a hold of his watch and was gnawing on it while still attached to wrist. "Sorry about that, John my oldest likes to pull pranks on Alyssa." Thom explained taking baby June away from Gale. Never in a million years did Gale think he would come back to District Twelve. Fact was nobody wanted to come here to view the medicine factory. District Twelve in their minds was still a backwards place to live in even fourteen years after the war. "So shall we get going I know you want to see the factory, I can show you where we grow our own grain and food supply." Thom realized by the appalled look on Gale's face, his friend had changed much. Gale nodded. His security guards looked lost "Sir?" Gale knew the men were not needed not here, "Look go inside the hovercraft there is no danger here." Both men looked disappointed they wanted a chance to catch sight of the Mockingjay. "Seriously" Gale mumbled under his breath as he watched both men walk into the hovercraft. Thom had by this time corralled all of his kids. "You ready?" "Lead on Thom." Gale raked his hands through his hair. When they reached the horse and buggy he was shocked. "Don't you have a car?" "It's much easier getting around here on this Gale. People around here like their simple life Gale, I mean we all like modern connivances like electricity and running water but there is something great about enjoying nature in its purest sense." Thom hopped up on the cart. "Yeah but." Gale knew all about the people and their insistence on staying grounded in the past. This was the only District now known as Provinces that refused to let go of it is old name. Most of the other Provinces of decided to rename themselves Providence, Triumph and Moirai. District Twelve remained just that District Twelve. The residents were still stubborn and rebellious. None of the people in the Capitol understood the smallest of the districts "There is nothing to it Gale. Besides the Medicine Factory, we are a tourist spot. People like to come down here and vacation here. Johanna moved down here a few years ago and fixed up a bunch of the old Seam shacks by the edge of the woods and made them into little cabins for families or honeymooners to stay at." Gale did not understand himself, since he no longer considered himself from District Twelve. He lived for the past fourteen years between the Capitol and what was known was District Two. "They come here for her, don't they?" Thom looked at Gale "Some do but others don't. Most understand that she is a private citizen now, with the full protection of the law. If anyone doesn't understand that then that's where the law steps in." It was as he mounted on the cart. "You protect her." "We all do. She was devastated after the war and it was the only decent thing to do." Thom said quietly as they began to move forward. Gale sat in the cart as it moved along the old path. Thom was reprimanding his son John for pulling on his sister's hair. Gale grinned as he heard the squabble between siblings. He lost contact with his own family, his mom settled in four after the war. Suddenly he understood why people wanted to walk away from their lives and live a simple life. District Twelve had that same look from when he was a kid. There was an unaffected untamed look about the place that reminded him of its most famous resident. It was then he saw a flash of a long braid as it moved toward the forest in tall grass. Gale uttered "Is that?" Thom saw where Gale's gray Seam eyes zeroed in on. "Forget it Gale." "What?" "I saw your look." Thom said. Irritated Gale scowled at his former shift buddy. "I thought I saw her." Thom leveled almost a brotherly territorial look on Gale. "That's her but, you should know, she's more than likely shoot you in the eye if you try something with her." "Please we were practically dating." Gale harrumphed under his breath. "Gale now I know you have let all that fancy living get to you. You were never Katniss Everdeen's boyfriend." Thom announced. "Thom we had something." Gale did want to speak to her. He knew they had to patch things up. They had things to discuss like what happened at the Capitol, his absence and the topic that continuously weighed in his heart and mind. Primrose. Thom looked at Gale as if he had lost his mind. "What you had were a total of three no four kisses, one of which you kissed her by surprise. The other one she gave you when you were high on morphing. The last two you said your self did not mean anything, because they were done out of pity." Gale did not want to admit that Thom was right. "We were…" "Childhood friends, hunting buddies but that ended the moment…" Gale did not need to hear anything else. He was in denial momentarily. All of his cool political prowess went out the door the moment he glanced at that legendary long braid of hers. "Look I am going to speak to her." Thom watched Gale jump out of the cart. "What about your security detail?" "They will be fine I just need to see her." Gale's eyes were trained on the spot where he had seen her. He had not hunted since the war. "Fine it's your grave" Thom spoke shaking his head. He shouted out as he watched Gale head for the woods. "If you survive I will meet you at Greasy Sea's for lunch." Gale raised his hands in the air. Some things never changed all of his instincts kicked up. He was able to narrow in and find her trail. It was slight but if you knew what you were looking it was easily distinguishable. Though as he walked deeper into the forest he began to pant and breathe heavily. Gale considered himself in good shape but he was panting and sweating as followed the trail. He had to stop several times to catch his breath. Gale wondered how he did this when he was younger. He even carried a buck once with Katniss easily. Now he could not even carry his own weight and he was only thirty-four. The further he traveled into the forest the harder it was to spot her trail. It was hot and he was sweating. He came to a clearing and he bent over in exhaustion. "Dam" Gale murmured out loud. The wind blew and he was grateful for the breeze. He stood to his full height his gray eyes taking in his surroundings he had no idea where he was. The forest seemed different. He listened for any sounds of life. All he could hear was the sound of his harsh breathing. Gale was not sure he could go any further. He heard the Mockingjay's in the trees singing to each other. He looked up at the heavily canopied forest and was unable to see the sky. This part of the woods was very dense. He used to avoid it because his snares did not work well here. The plants were too dense. Making a trap took careful planning and consideration. It was then an arrow swished by his ear and landed in the tree trunk behind him. "What are you doing in my woods Hawthorne?" Gale looked at the arrow as he called out into the forest "Catnip!" "Wrong" Katniss' voice filtered through the air. Gale jumped when another arrow whizzed by and landed on his left. His reflexes were not as sharp as they used to be. Gale fell backwards. He could hear the flapping of the wings of the Mockingjay's as they retreated because of all the noise he was making. "Why were you following me?" "Catnip…I mean Katniss…I" Gale sat up he looked to where his fingers were spread on the floor of the forest. The arrow landed less than a ½ inch from his fingers. He swallowed thickly. "No lying Gale, tell me why you were following me and what are you doing here?" Gale stood looking up toward the trees he had no idea where she was. "I am here to see the medicine factory." "I don't know if you noticed but this is not the factory. So what do you want?" "I just wanted to speak to you. It's why I was following you." "You could have mailed me a letter." Katniss was angry and was at the point what she wanted to do was hit him. "Why would I want to speak to you?"