Authors Note: Hi All, Just wanted to post this short story. I don't know if I should do a part two, please let me know. (All mistakes are mine not reviewed) FYI this is dedicated to My Beta Daisy3D. Thank you for all of your encouragement! PS: I do not own the Hunger Games! "Mom did you and daddy, really fall in love during the Games?" Willow asked dreamily from her seat at the table. Her hands carefully turned the delicate yellow pages of the book her parents made when they were younger. Each page was done with great care to honor those who passed away before and during the Great Rebellion. Willow paused on the picture of her Aunt Primrose. She was beautiful. Her dad managed to capture the good gentle spirit of her Aunt. Willow looked up at her mother and she could see the family resemblance even if her Aunt was a blond with pale blue eyes like her Grandmother. Sighing Willow propped her chin in her hand. She could just imagine this book was the conduit that helped her parents grow closer together after the war. Her mother was very a private person when it to expressing how she felt, but the book always brought out a small smile or remark. Katniss paused chopping the carrots. Every nightmare she had since Willow found out about the Games, involved this very same question. She gripped the handle of the knife tighter as she looked at her precious daughter. "I know what the historians wrote and I know most of it is accurate." Willow mused out loud. She had no idea the chaos she was causing her mother. "I just want to know about you and daddy?" Katniss lashes slid shut slowly covering up her stormy gray eyes. Willow was the child she denied wanting, but, never regretted having when the time was right. Having her daughter made Katniss feel complete in a way she did not think possible. Katniss discovered being a parent did not fill the void of those who were no longer with them, but it did create a new drive to live. Willow, her brother and their father Peeta reminded Katniss of dandelions. Like the dandelion, her family was gentle like the little life sustaining flowers, and they were resilient and hard to get rid off. Katniss lovingly took in her daughter's appearance. Willow flipped her long dark tresses to the side as she turned to the pages dedicated to her dad's family. She was glad she inherited her fathers blue eyes. Her dad looked like her Grandfather. "I mean, was it, love at first sight? Or did you fall in love gradually?" Katniss bit her lower lip. Willow turned fifteen year old girl last week and she was asking things a girl her age should be thinking about. Her little girl was no longer a child. Katniss celebrated the milestone. Peeta however took it harder. He fretted over the number of boys around Willow at her birthday bash. After Willows birthday party Peeta put on a full tantrum in front of Katniss in their bedroom. He demanded to know the name of every boy invited and he wanted to meet each parent. Peeta was glad Finnick's son, Fin, who was nine years older than all of the boys in attendance, was there to run interference. Fin and Willow had a tight bond. They understood things others did not. None had parents who were surviving Victors. Katniss watched Peeta extol the virtues of Fin while raging against each boy who was at the party. It was such a rare sight to see her gentle baker so upset. Katniss had to hide her mirth. Her shoulders shook with humor as he paced the room with arms in the air. Peeta had his eyes on that one boy with the freckles who touched Willow on the arm far to long to present their daughter with a gift. Hearing her amusement Peeta told Katniss she was lucky she did not understand boys at Willows age. This made Katniss laugh even harder, he forgot she had Gale Hawthorne as a friend growing up. She knew all too well what her old hunting partner was up to when he went to the Slag Heap. Katniss reached out to Peeta reminding him this is what they fought for, so that their daughter could think about boys. Peeta did not like it one bit. Katniss told him Willow was on that precarious cusp between adulthood and childhood. Something they were denied of. Their child was blossoming before them. All they could do was brace themselves for the next couple of years. Peeta had his melt down after her birthday and now it was Katniss turn. How could she explain to her daughter that she was so selfish she could not see how much she loved Peeta. Willow's question was a normal one but Katniss being Katniss did not have the words to speak. As she infamously told Peeta in the cave 'she was not good at saying something.' Katniss spoke but paused. "Willow" Willow looked up to see her mother momentarily. Her mom's smile was tight. It was an expression Willow had seen plenty of times at home and at school in the footage they were shown. She learned in school about how brave her parents were. The struggles they faced. The way they fought to free Panem from Snow's tyranny. Willow knew about the love story that gripped a nation. She also knew what was printed in the history books at school not always factual. Not that she doubted that her parent's relationship was a true one. Innocently Willow asked "When did you fall in love with daddy?" Katniss swallowed at the loaded question. Willow smiled as she touched the picture of Finnick Odair he was a beautiful man, just like his son Fin. Willow looked up to her mother. Willow knew her parents loved each other. She also know better than anyone how insanely private her parents were. They did not like for people to see them holding hands much less kissing in public. That was left for closed doors. "I mean I know you and daddy can't live with out each other but when did that happen?" Katniss arms shook now as she braced herself against the counter. She breathed evenly in and out as the doctor had taught her. The picture of Finnick's child was never updated, but that did not matter because Willow often spent her summers with Annie and her Grandma in District Four. Willow knew exactly what Fin looked like. She had grown up with him. Fin was tall, strong with a swimmers body and all the girls liked him. Because of Fin, she knew more about Finnick's and Annie's romance than how her parents truly fell in love. When Willow was younger she often caught her mom and dad simply wrapped up in each others arms, kissing, enjoying each others presence. They uttered things like together, real and always. Willow knew these words held special meaning for her mom and dad but these words were never explained. Her parents remained an enigma. Willow had questions that she wanted answers to. "Did you guys fall in love before, during, after the games. I bet daddy was supper romantic." Katniss was not sure how to answer her daughter. She placed her legendary scowl in place and abruptly answered. "I thought we went over this Willow?" Willow trained her blue eyes at her mother's figure. Her mom never liked to speak about her past. Everything she knew was from the history books in school or from the snippets her dad told her about. "Mom we never discussed how you and daddy met or how you fell in love." Katniss saw in her daughter the same stubbornness that she carried. "Willow…" Willows blue eyes' shined as she challenged back "Mom." Katniss swallowed wishing very much Peeta was here. He was the wordsmith in the family. Peeta could explain this better than she ever could. Katniss did not know how to speak. Falling into old patterns was easy. She needed to compose herself; she stopped and said "I will be right back." "Mom…" Willow called out as she watched her mother run upstairs just as the back door opened and her dad stepped inside the kitchen. Peeta rubbed his hair as he walked into his home. He spent a few minutes outside playing with his ten year old son Rye before coming inside. His son loved the outdoors. He was currently hanging upside down from a tree limb. "Hey Kitten." Willow smiled as her father kissed the top of her head. "What happened? Where is your mom?" Peeta asked as he quickly took in his surroundings. Her dad always had the uncanny ability to read a situation. "How did you know?" "Well your mom left the knife on the butcher block and she never leave's knives out. You know how your mother feels about safety." Peeta's blue gaze landed on his daughter who looked slightly guilty. "While you my little kitten look like someone who is guilty of purposefully spilling all of your milk." Peeta gently spoke. Willow sighed "I asked mom about you guys." She shrugged "You about how you fell in love. Dad I know what the history books tell us. But I also know that there is stuff in those books that are not accurate." Peeta understood all too well. Their daughter was at that age where romance was beginning to become important to her. "How did your mom react?" Frowning, Willow thought about her father's question. She carefully picked apart what just happened. "She did not seem sad or upset. She seemed cranky." "Did she go upstairs?" "Yup" Willow said popping her 'p' something her mother did all the time when she said her father's name. Peeta mentally braced himself for what he was going to find upstairs. Katniss did not know how to discuss their past with their children. "Well why don't you sit in the living room while I go upstairs and see what is holding up your mom?" Willow nodded and watched her dad head upstairs. Peeta slowed his pace as headed up the stairs. His stomach became taut, not knowing what state he was going to find Katniss in. She could be crying, mad or his least favorite staring off into space quietly. He hoped it was not the latter. Not that it happed as often as in those early years right after the war and the bomb that killed Prim. It did happen like when Buttercup died. Although Peeta was amazed that mangy cat managed to breed with another cat that was just as ugly right before it breathed its last breath. The cat's death caused Katniss to go into that catatonic state. What brought her out of it was when Haymitch brought the three kittens Buttercup sired and dumped them on Katniss lap. One of the kittens hissed at Katniss. Katniss had laughed and uttered 'I nearly cooked your dad' even as she petted the feisty kitten. To this day they always had a descendant of Buttercup in their home. It was a love hate relationship that sometimes drove his wife wild. Especially since all of the cats loved to specifically plant themselves on top of Katniss chest in the morning to paw at her face for food and hissed when she gave them bits of leftover game meat. Peeta squared his broad shoulders as he moved down the hallway toward their room. He found it interesting that the door to their bedroom was opened. That was a good sign. Peeta called gently "Katniss." "In here Peeta" Katniss called out. He found his wife sitting on their bed holding the small wooden box that contained all of her hidden treasures. "Hey." Katniss looked and found her Peeta, her Boy with the Bread gazing down at her with his