Hi All I hope you enjoy. This one shot was written for Winter in Panem: It is an An Odesta & Everlak Chirstmas Story Please No Room at the Inn The snow fell quickly outside. It was ten thirty at night and the blizzard that caught the city unaware all day yesterday still dropped heavy snow a day later. This morning when it should have moved on, it did not. A wintry blast of cold air from the arctic came down and revitalized the slow moving storm and turned into a dangerous blizzard. Finnick Odair raked his hand through his auburn hair. This was the third blizzard that befell the city of Boston in the last four weeks. It was Christmas Eve, the night before Christmas and the street should have been busy with people doing last minute shopping. Finnick sighed in frustration as he looked out the window of his restaurant. The Christmas Lights on Main Street were a stark contrast to the blanket of white that enveloped the city. Finnick saw his wife's reflection in the window as she neared him. "You should come upstairs, Finn." Annie wound her arms around her husband's waist from behind. "I am worried we will not make it until the summer," Finnick lamented. He felt his dream was slowly slipping away. "You just have to have faith, Finnick." "Faith in Christmas," Finnick said sarcastically. His slender wife with her long light brown hair squeezed him tightly. "Yes you should. Your Nana Mags would never want you to feel bad for following your dreams." Finnick could not help the smile that stretched across his face. Annie was not the girl many thought he would have ended up with. He was the charismatic athlete both in high school and in college. Finnick was tall, built like a golden Greek character from mythology. He belonged on Mount Olympus. He was a legendary swimmer. Finnick had a mile long list of women he could easily have slept with in college, but he never indulged because of Annie. This shy maddening girl who wanted no part of him got under his skin. He fell head over heels in love with her. She was his biggest champion and he was her sanity. "I wanted to open up my own pub just like Mags and I spoke about." "I know, and she would be proud that you did. You completed your promise to her. Mags would have loved this place." They stood in silence looking out toward the street. Finnick took a deep breath of air. "This building felt right." Finn looked around at his Irish Pub. He spent months looking at different locations for his restaurant. This building, located in Boston's District Four, was the first one that felt like home. Just down the street there was a wharf, and during the summer time you could hear the seagulls and ship horns as they sailed into port. Finnick had bought the dilapidated building and rebuilt it from the ground up. It took longer, but he saved money in the process. Annie placed her head on his upper arm as she intertwined her hand with his. "I can see us growing old here." This brought lightness to Finn's handsome face. He could see his children growing up here. The interior of his Irish themed bar and pub was decorated tastefully with the items his Nan collected over the years. It felt like home, and he opened up a few weeks ago with the expectation of cashing in on all the Christmas shoppers. Since the opening though, the weather did not cooperate. The snow kept the shoppers at home. At least they were lucky they lived in one of the two apartments upstairs. "If only people would come in." Annie looked into her husband's face. "They will. You just have to faith in–" "Christmas" Finnick finished for Annie. He sighed at her do-not-lose hope look. "I know Annie, but it's hard when money is bleeding out the door and no one is coming in." The knock on the window pane startled them both. A woman flashing credentials was knocking hard. There were two others standing behind her. Finn immediately opened the door. "Welcome to Finn's Irish Pub," Finn greeted. The trio came in and Finn closed the door quickly. The burst of cold air bristled the hairs on his arms. The woman brushing the snow off of her winter coat announced, "Thank goodness you guys are open. It's rough out there.". "Would you like some tea or coffee?" Annie asked, quickly helping the woman out of her coat. "Yes coffee would be great. Guys, is the equipment okay?" "You're the woman on TV?" Annie recognized Cressida Jones from local WTNCB channel four. "Yes I am. My crew, Castor and Pollux, and I were filming when we got stuck driving back to the studio. Our truck is around the corner. We salvaged what we could and came looking for a place that was opened. It seems everything within a two mile radius is closed." "Most people did not open up this morning. They were trying to dig out from yesterday's snow storm. This blizzard caught us all by surprise," Finnick said, curiously looking at one of the men who did not speak or make a sound. "Would you like some tea or coffee?" Annie offered the two men who looked like brothers standing quietly in the background checking the equipment they brought with them. They had not answered, the equipment was far more important than the hot drinks. Finnick looked to Annie. Her eyes were bright and optimistic as she mouthed to him 'Faith in Christmas.' "Cressida, we should call Messalla, let him know we are all right," the man named Castor said. "Right, I forgot, my phone is dead do you have a land line?" "I will show you where the phone is while I get you your coffee," Annie once more addressed the two men. "Do either one of you want something warm to drink it is very cold outside?" The other man paused as he put his camera equipment down. He put one hand over the other. The bottom hand stayed still while the other twisted as if it were cranking an old machine. "Annie, he wants coffee," Finnick announced. "I'm Castor and that's my brother Pollux. I am impressed you speak sign language," Castor said signing what he was saying. "Yes my late Nana Mags lost function of her speech when she had her stroke. We learned it together." Finnick shook hands with Castor. Pollux grinned and signed. Out of habit Castor translated. "My brother thinks that was very nice." Finn asked Pollux how he took his coffee. Pollux replied and Finnick translated, "Light and sweet, Annie." Annie nodded then took Cressida, who was waiting for the phone, to the waiter's station to make the coffee and where she had left the cordless phone earlier. Both women could hear Finnick and the newsmen's conversation from there spot in the quiet restaurant. Finnick turned on the television behind the bar before facing Castor. "And what would you like to drink?" "Well, what do you have on tap?" "Now you're talking." Finnick winked as he went behind his bar. "This is a nice place you got her," Castor said conversationally. Pollux sat next to his brother and signed to Finnick, "Did you guys just open, I don't recall a restaurant being here?" "My wife and I opened up the place at the beginning of this month." "It was his Nana's dying wish for Finn to follow his dreams," Annie said as she came in with the tray containing the coffee, milk and sugars. "Too bad the weather isn't cooperating," Finnick said as he pulled out a cold mug from the small fridge underneath the bar. Cressida joined them with the phone in hand. "You sound like a good human interest story, do you mind if we interview you?" Finnick was about to say no when Annie interrupted. Finnick noted she gripped the creamer trying to remain calm even though her voice had an edge to it. "We will do it." Finnick wanted to protest but when Annie got that particular look on her face, he backed down. Half an hour later Finnick found himself giving a small tour of his restaurant and speaking about why he chose Boston. "So tell me about your–," a knock on the window interrupted Cressida She did not get to finish asking her question as there was another knock on the window pane. There were two hovelled creatures at the window, covered in snow. "Looks like there is no room at the inn, but there's always room at Finn's," Finnick joked. "Oh Finnick," Annie exclaimed rolling her eyes at his bad joke. "Come in, come in. Welcome to–," Finnick did not get to finish as the young man spoke. "Please help us, my wife is in labor." The young man exclaimed as he helped his wife inside. His wife groaned from within the blanket that was wrapped around her. Together they had walked several blocks looking for help. "Peeta." The small voice came from the girl clutching her large belly. "Katniss, just hold on, okay sweetie." The young man named Peeta brought his wife Katniss closer to him. ]Tears were running down the girl named Katniss' face. She was trembling from the cold. "Please can you help us? We are new to town. My name is Peeta and this is my wife Katniss." They were a young, striking couple. Peeta, who really looked like an teeneager was blond, strong with broad stocky shoulders, ruddy with deep blue eyes. Katniss was petite with a deep olive skin tone, long wavy dark hair and enchanting silvery eyes. They looked like they were barely out of high school, yet there was also a worldliness that came from them, that bespoke of tragedy and great love. "The ambulance couldn't get through. Our street in the Seam hasn't been plowed yet," Peeta said as he cradled Katniss in his arms. "You mean you walked all this way, in the snow?" Cressida questioned putting the microphone in the young man's face. Peeta nodded in response. It was clear to Finnick, Peeta was not paying attention to the cameras. Peeta's attention was focused solely on Katniss who looked ashen. "Peeta, the baby," Katniss gasped, grabbing hold of her husband's shoulder. Her simple silver band was engraved with P&K Mellark. Finnick sharp eyes caught the simple engraved ring. Clearly these two were poor. They could not afford a gold wedding bands, but they wanted to show their commitment to each other. Cressida directed her camera crew to start recording the couple. As soon as Peeta and Katniss walked in, the cameras trained in on the young couple. They filmed as Annie peeled away the blankets they had draped on them. "Quick, let's get her to the sofa in the office, Finnick," Annie suggested. "Good idea, Annie, I can help you," Finnick said as he ran down the hallway. "Don't worry. You are in good hands. My husband Finnick was an EMT for the Ambulance Corps in our prior home before we moved here. He has delivered plenty of babies" Annie said, as she watched Peeta easily carry Katniss in his arms bridal style. Serenely, Annie showed them to the back office. "Really?" The relief was evident in Peeta's voice. "That's fantastic, I was beginning to think the odds were not in our favor, when we left our home at the edge of the Seam." "Yes, he even tended to his Grandmother Mags in her last days. He is quite wonderful. You just have to watch out for my husband's poor taste in jokes." Katniss grunted in pain, "Great, corny jokes." "Behave you, and concentrate on our baby?" Peeta admonished jokingly. Katniss chuckled as the pain subsided. She nuzzled his neck breathing in her husband's scent. She visibly became calm. Finnick opened the