So I am still working on the title but a one shot of Everlark in a Peter Pan universe sounded pretty interesting. I posted the shorter version on my tumblr page. I thought I would share the longer version with all of you. All mistakes are mine but the characters all belong to the wonderful writers who created them. Enjoy & Review. January 1914 Katniss flew to the house of Peeta Mellark and landed on the ledge of the window to the nursery balcony. She leaned forward to listen to him speak, at his former bedroom. Her short spiky hair, created a rooster like shadow on the wall. She turned to her friend Jo the fairy. Johanna was no bigger than a dandelion and glowed brighter than the sun. She was tough as nails but had a heart bigger than two suns. Jo sounded like a tiny little bell to the untried ear. Presently she was jingling away, as she zipped around to face Katniss. Jo was complaining because three years after their adventure Katniss still came here to Peeta's window. "Not now Jo, I want to listen." Katniss said in a hushed voice "Can't we go some where else? England and Ireland are really close. I am tired of coming to this window in Scotland." Katniss stuck her tongue out a Jo. Jo shook her fist at Katniss and snarled her lips as she heard his voice. There in the room was that flat leaver Peeta. Jo had never seen Katniss take a shining to a human boy like this one. She did not understand what Katniss' fascination was with this boy, even after three years. "Shhhh Jo." "Shhhh Jo" Jo mimicked. Three years ago this boy captured Katniss' attention when she was snooping out of boredom. Katniss came to his window out of sheer curiosity because she could hear him speaking through his open window. For months Katniss would come to hear him say stories to the imaginary things he drew on paper. Then one night on the eve of his thirteenth birthday something changed. His brother who was in the military died. Peeta was to grow up and leave behind childish things. His room would be given away. It was then he uttered he did not want to grow up. Although Jo protested Katniss brought him to Never Land, with the intention to make him a Lost Boy. Jo had never seen Katniss happier, than during that short time. They indeed had a grand adventure and bonded. But afterwards, Peeta decided to go back. Katniss never faced someone, who would rather return than to stay in Never Land. Jo knew they argued. She just did not know about what. When Peeta returned to his home in Scotland, Katniss refused to speak to him. She angrily left. That night, Jo heard Katniss cry. It was then Katniss began to visit his window. Over the past three years Peeta grew and Jo noticed, so did Katniss. Jo noted Katniss growth happened after each time she visited the boy's window. Katniss was now taller and her elfin features softened. Katniss looked more like a fifteen year old human girl, then the mythical creature she was. Jo rolled her eyes and pushed her spiky black hair out of her face as she looked at Katniss gawk at a human boy. Katniss watched the way Peeta's blue eyes lit up as he spun a story. He was stocky now; he lost all of his boyish looks and had a mop of curly blond hair on his head. Katniss found this interesting, as appealing as the words he was speaking. Katniss recalled how soft his hair was. Her memory took her back to that cave where she found him sitting alone, looking at the water. Peeta looked serious after their grand adventure. She floated next to him intending make him smile. "Hey do you want to come with us, we are going to celebrate our victory over Old Snow." Peeta looked at Katniss. "I want to go back." "That is what I said. Come on lets go to the club house. You can tell us a story." Katniss floated down next to him. She reached out and brushed his blond hair away from his face because it impeded her view of his eyes. It was then she saw it, the overwhelming sadness. "No." "Wait Katniss" Peeta jumped up and grabbed her hand before she flew away. "You are a Lost Boy now. You cannot leave." Katniss angrily spat. "I have to go home." "Why can't you stay here?" Katniss felt as if he was rejecting her. "Katniss I can not stay here." Katniss felt something more than anger or happiness. It was a foreign feeling. Something she had long buried but was resurfacing. "Why?" "Why don't you come with me?" Peeta countered back, but not angrily. It was more of a plea. His heart knew something Katniss would never understand. His crush was not simply a design of childish imaginings. Peeta felt the first stirrings of love. "I don't want to grow up." Katniss answered heatedly, not understanding how Peeta wanted to go back to his life. There were people back in Scotland who demanded that he do something that was against his will. "Well, I want to grow up." Sadly Peeta knew this was the moment where his childhood ended. "Why? Why would you want to leave all of this fun for there?" Katniss questioned. "Because I saw the way you care for the lost boys. I realized I have my brother's infant coming. My brother is dead, and I have to help care for her." Katniss floated down to where he was. Peeta withdrew the thimble from his pocket. He kissed it then gave it her, then said "A kiss for you." Numbly Katniss took the kiss. He was sacrificing himself for another. Katniss had never seen such nobility before. She took the thimble and kissed it in the same spot he did. At the act something within her blossomed but it made her scared. She flew away and went to her rock. Selfishly she wanted to keep Peeta here. But then she knew he would resent her. That was a thought she could not live with, the idea of Peeta hating her. She swallowed as tears clouded her vision. He wanted to grow up to leave here, to leave her. Katniss wanted to throw something to make her feel better. Instead she angrily stood up, found him and brought him back. She did not even say goodbye. After a while, her curiosity won over her stubbornness and she went to his window. It was the middle of the night and she saw him walking around the room with a small bundle in his hands. He was speaking, speaking about her, to the small bundle in his arms. Again something within her flourished, as she realized Peeta held a baby. She was able to forgive him for leaving her. After that it became important for her to see him, to hear his voice, to watch him interact with Primrose his niece. Katniss heard Jo snicker something. She uttered "Jo, be quiet." "Why are we here again? Shouldn't we be looking for things to antagonize Captain Snow?" Johanna said. But Katniss did not hear Jo her attention was focused in on what was going on with Peeta and Prim. Katniss was keenly watching Peeta. Her silver eyes noted the way his muscles filled his loose shirt. Her eyes took in how rapt Primrose was, as Peeta spoke. An ache from deep within her body surfaced in her heart. Once in her heart, other parts of her became tingly and flushed. The timber of this voice made her breath harshly. "All was lost. The boys were tied up ready to be executed. The pirates had the gold in their midst. But the most peculiar thing occurred. There were no waves and the wind did not blow. All sailors whether they be good men or evil ones, knew this was an omen." "What happened next, Peeta?" Four year old Prim sat at the edge of her bed. Prim was the reason he wanted to grow up. His brother had passed away while in the Infantry. Prim's mother went into a deep depression and could not care for the five month old baby. To this day, she sat in a room being cared for by a woman his family hired. At sixteen Peeta was glad to have a hand in raising his precious niece. Primrose was the sweetest child. He had no regret in his decision to come back. He only wished Katniss came back with him. Smiling brightly he hunched down and swayed back and forth, mimicking the sway of the ocean. Primrose's eyes widened as she watched her Uncle. "Well Pirm, if you must know. It became eerily quiet. The pirates although they wanted the gold thought it was cursed by the boys. They looked at the boys with evil intent thinking if they got rid of the boys the curse would be lifted. One of them snickered out loud 'let us get rid of these accursed boys.' At that wicked suggestion the pirates unanimously agreed shouting..." Peeta raised his fists in the air and sounded like a pirate as he shouted. "Death to the Lost Boys!" Prim bunched up the sheets to her chin. Her uncle's voice sounded as if nefarious and scary things were about to happen. "With the ship dead in the water, Snow could not move and make his escape with gold." Peeta quirked one eyebrow the got close to Prim's face. "Snow walked to where the lost boys were tied up. He could smell his favorite scent. FEAR" Peeta whispered. "Oh dear" Prim said in a whispered voice as she swallowed. Outside Jo had enough, she wanted to leave. "BORING" Jo screamed as she flew in the front of Katniss face. "Jo I am trying to listen." Katniss unhappily spat, having been interrupted. "Let's get out of here." Jo sat on the ledge "I am so bored." "I want to finish hearing his story." Katniss said paying attention. "His crew scrambled as they fought the lost boys. One by one, Katniss helped throw Snow's crew into the sea until Snow was surrounded by lost boys. It was then it happened." Katniss leaned in toward the window to hear what Peeta would say. Because of Jo she had missed how the lost boys became freed. "Katniss flew into the air and crowed as she ripped through the sails of the ship. Snow cursed her from the stern of his ship." Peeta dramatically ran around the room and Primrose's laughter trickled out from the inside. "You're getting to close" Johanna warned the moment she saw Katniss hop into the balcony. Katniss batted Jo with a wave of her hand. She wanted to listen to what happened next. Jo was about to tug at Katniss green sleeve when she heard her name. Jo paused to hear what this human would say. "Jo her trusty fairy had sprinkled fairy dust on Snow's ship. When it began to lift out of the water Snow was thrown from the ship. Jo laughed heartily and the lost boys could hear her jingling uncontrollably as she pointed to where Snow would land. Snow landed in the cold murky waters where Coin the Crocodile waited for him. He screamed at the sight of the snarling beast." Prim began to laugh. Jo shook her head in agreement at the boy's words. She would have laughed, at the sight of Snow landing in the clutches of that old Crocodile. Prim then asked "Peeta is Katniss real?" "Of course she is. I once went on a grand adventure with her. She even wanted me to become one or her lost boys. At that time I did not want to grow up and she showed me how wonderful it could be