Disclaimer: I own none of this. These characters belong to JK Rowling. The locket was taking it's toll. Because one of them was always wearing it, there was never a moment when all three of them were at peace. Well, as much peace as was possible. They had been on the run searching for horcruxes for over three weeks. They were tired and hungry as well as scared and worried about their friends and loved ones. Over the course of the past 6 1/2 years, Hermione, Harry and Ron had become so much more then best friends. There was a bond between them that grew stronger with every challenge, fear, obstacle, laugh, tear and conquest...and there had been many of each. But these past few weeks took that bond to an even even stronger place. This had been a particularly hard few days. The darkness, fear, jealousy and mistrust that the locket caused when worn, had come to a head the day before when it was around Ron's neck. He had come very close to abandoning Harry and Hermione. Thank goodness, Hermione was able to talk Ron down after she took the locket away from him. He was convinced Harry and Hermione were keeping secrets from him and were mocking him behind his back. However, an hour after the locket was taken from him, he had regained his senses and apologized to his two best friends. They understood. They had all been battling their own fears, unhappiness and mistrust when wearing the cursed jewelry. After Ron apologized, Harry tucked the locket away in Hermione's bag and none of them had worn it since. They knew they couldn't lose it, but they also knew they would not succeed with their mission if one of them was always unable to think straight due to wearing it. All three of them needed to have their wits about them to get through this alive. Today had been a much better day. Despite their hunger, they had laughed during their breakfast of stale white bread and water while remembering better times at Hogwarts. The day continued as it had started with lots of reminiscing. It had been a day of bonding or of re-bonding so to speak. With the locket safely tucked away, they felt closer to each other than they had since they escaped the Death Eaters three weeks before. It was now evening and they were sitting around the fire, outside the tent, when Hermione noticed Harry was deep in thought. He was staring into the fire and had a look of sadness about him. Normally this would not have been something so unusual with everything going on, but today had been a fun day and Hermione didn't want it to end. "Whats's wrong, Harry?" Harry looked up at Hermione to answer her, but paused before speaking. His hair was messy as usual and his green eyes looked into her soft brown ones as he lightly smiled and replied, "nothing important, just thinking about things that it does no good to dwell on." He shrugged, picked up some branches next to him and threw them into the fire. He smiled but the smile didn't reach his eyes. Ron turned to Harry, watching him and then responded, "Harry, I think it's best we talk about the demons in our heads. We might not be wearing the locket anymore, but it's close and I think we can all agree it's still affecting us." Harry thought for a moment and then said, "I keep thinking about all the things I'll never see or do if we lose this fight and I know it doesn't do any good to dwell on them." No one said anything but all three had a look of contemplation as the thoughts overcame them. Hermione had spent more than a few hours herself over the past several weeks contemplating that same issue. When this happened, and she felt herself getting sucked into lost hope or despair, she would will herself to stop and focus on the task at hand. But, maybe Ron was right. Maybe talking would help. "Ok, then. Let's make a list and talk about them", she agreed, smiling softly at her beloved ginger haired friend. Ron rolled his eyes, "Hermione, I don't think this is a situation where your lists are going to be much help. I mean, we know you like to be organized, but really!" He had smirk on his face that made her laugh. She loved how Ron could make her laugh. She loved nothing more than her two boys sitting with her. She had a big smile on her face as she looked at them both. She stood up and walked around the fire to stretch her legs a little. "You never know, maybe we can do or see some of the things or places that we are thinking about while we're on the run. I mean, why not? I believe, and I mean, TRULY believe in my heart and mind that Harry will defeat He Who Must Not Be Named with our help. And, that task is the most important thing. However, there is no harm in checking some experiences off our lists along the way, as long as it doesn't distract us from the task at hand." Hermione sat down between Ron and Harry and picked up her bag. Ron and Harry gave each other an understanding look while Hermione grabbed parchment, ink and quill. As she was doing this Ron and Harry both watched her. The look of amusement and love in their eyes could not be mistaken. How many times had they seen her do this very same thing over the years. "So, I'll go first", she said. "I fear I'll never see my parents again and therefore they'll never remember me or know that they have a daughter." She wrote her concern down on the list and then turned to Harry. She said it very quickly as if saying it fast would make the fear go away and make it less real. Harry started to speak. "Hermione, this is depressing and I.." "Harry, I think this will help. Getting it out and not burying it inside!" She paused, "Please?" She looked from Harry to Ron and back again. Ron and Harry exchanged looks and then Harry shrugged, "Ok, Hermione." He couldn't say no to her. Not today, not when he felt so close to her. "I guess I'll go next", said Harry. "I fear I'll never play quidditch again, I'll never see anything outside of England, I'll never see Ginny again, much less kiss her again or kiss any woman, for that matter. I'll never have a real family, I'll never become an Auror, I'll never be able to go back to the Dursley's and prove to them that I made it in the world despite their prejudice and hatred." He threw another branch into the fire. They all stared at the burning wood as they contemplated what Harry had said. Hermione started to write his words on her parchment. Ron leaned behind Hermione and reached out to pat Harry on the shoulder. He gave his friend a nod of reassurance and then pulled his hand away. He began picking at the twig in his other hand as he stared into the fire. After a moment of thought he sighed heavily. "I fear I'll never see my whole family at the Burrow again, I'll never get to tell my Mom and Dad how much I love them, I'll never travel anywhere outside of England, I'll never have a family and kids much less ever have sex ." He mumbled that last part and his ears turned pink as his face flushed. All three of them turned a little pink, for that matter. Hermione smiled at him, "Yeah, I fear I'll never be kissed by a boy who loves me, I mean really kissed. I'll never have a family, or kids, I'll never get the chance to do something with my life that really means anything, if we fail, I mean. I'll never taste champagne, much less ever get drunk or be reckless." She paused, "not that I want to be reckless, really.. I just want to do something fun for the hell of it and forget the consequences. Ever since I found out I was a witch, I have tried to so hard to be perfect in this world, tried not to make any mistakes. Just once, I'd like to say 'to hell with it.. I'm going to let myself do something crazy and to hell with what other people think..' Hermione was getting herself fired up and was starting to become warm. She pulled off her sweater and tossed it into her bag. She stretched and arched her back to help relieve some of the building tension in her body. She didn't notice the eyes of her two best friends drinking her in. She was wearing a light yellow spaghetti strap tank top that hugged her curves and emphasized her chest more than she was aware. Her skin was flawless and glowed beautifully in the reflection of the fire. No one said anything for a minute. Ron could not take his eyes off of her. She was so beautiful. She turned and caught him staring at her. She flushed and looked the other way at Harry and found his eyes staring at her as well. She felt warm all of a sudden and a jolt in her gut. She swallowed as the unfamiliar feeling took hold. She pulled her knees up to her chest wrapping her arms around her legs. She chewed on her bottom lip as she looked back at the flames. She felt her heart begin to race a little as unfamiliar thoughts began to race through her mind. Thoughts about her two best friends...her two handsome, masculine best friends. Harry could sense that Hermione was becoming a little uncomfortable and he felt a little guilty about getting caught staring at her like that. He couldn't help it though. It hit him like a tidal wave how beautiful she really was and all her talk about being reckless was something he could completely relate to. He felt the same. He looked over at Ron and saw that Ron was pink and was getting fidgety. He could only guess that Ron was seeing her the same way he was.. Maybe even more as he knew that Ron and Hermione had uncharted feelings for each other. Hermione stood up and grabbed her bag heading into the tent. She had her back to them and looked over her right shoulder as she said; "It's getting late. I'm gonna turn in. I'll take second watch if you guys don't mind." She disappeared into the tent leaving Ron and Harry staring at the tent opening after she walked through it. Neither Ron nor Harry said anything but the tension was thick. Harry took a deep breath and looked at Ron. Ron let out a breath and nervously smiled. "Wow". Harry whispered. "Yeah", Ron replied. "I think I need a cold shower", he said with a smirk. That night it took Hermione a while to fall asleep. She wasn't the least bit tired but needed to get away to get her thoughts under control. She was overcome by the the desires that were tickling the back of her mind. Harry was her friend! He was like a brother, how could she have even let a thought like that flash into her mind! She loved Ron. She used to think she would like to marry Ron, but tonight, for the first time, she had desires toward both Ron and Harry. What is wrong with me? Merlin, you need to get a grip . She took a deep cleansing breath an let it out slowly. Perhaps the locket was messing with her? She wasn't wearing it but it was still close by. But, this didn't