A/N : The first chapter quite possibly involves a new pairing- well, okay. I haven't exactly looked through ALL of the fics for one with this pairing. But can you blame me? There's just WAY too many! Plus I'm lazy. Instead, I simply put this couple through the filter, and I came up with nothing. So, this may be the first one with this couple in mind. The same goes for a few other pairings that may appear. ***** But if I'm wrong please tell me! WARNING : There will be Guy/Guy and Girl/Girl relationships in a lot of stories, so if you don't like that, then don't read it. You have been warned after all. By the way, these stories won't be connected to each other at all, unless I give you a heads up. :) Enjoy! Anyway on with the actual story now- Connor's POV The sun was shining, the birds were chirping, there was a warm breeze, kids were training happily, it was all so... perfect. But that didn't mean much to me at the moment. Why? What did matter, was the fact that it was a perfect time to pull an awesome prank! There was, however, an issue. I put everything my brother and I needed away. Why you may ask? Why did I put everything away when I had it all out and ready to go? Well, there's a simple answer to that. I didn't have everything. There was one very important factor that didn't show up. My idiot twin brother Travis. I sighed in my hiding spot under a large oak tree where I was suppose to wait for him to come. He never showed. I've always dreaded this day. I hoped it would never come. I had just gotten proved wrong. But maybe... maybe I should have seen it coming. After all, we actually have been growing apart ever since, well. Ever since Travis and Katie got together. Yeah, he somehow had actually managed to get Katie to go on a date with him. It only went uphill from there. Well, uphill for them . Me on the other hand, that was a different story. Have I tried asking girls out? Sure. You could say that. Did I ever succeed? I should remind you that I'm sitting here, under an oak tree, upset about my brother, alone . You see, the thing is, I've always had this, problem , when it came to asking girls out. Sadly I was one of those people that somehow always , and yes, I do mean always, humiliated themselves every time. Eventually I kind of, gave up. For now anyway. So basically, I blocked the passageway to my heart from girls. I leaned back against the tree, sighed, and closed my eyes. I had to clear my head from those thoughts. Silently, I pushed all of my sad feelings away. Again, why? Travis was my identical twin. I decided that if I told him how I felt, then I'd be guilt tripping him into hanging out with me more instead of Katie. I couldn't do that to them. Travis is my brother, and Katie is my best girl friend. I didn't want to lose her just because I felt lonely. So this left me with one question. Now what? When I said that Katie was my best girl friend, I meant that she was kind of my only one. Sure, I was friendly with people, but we were exactly what you would call friends. We were probably more like, acquaintances. Travis of course, was my absolute best friend. When he and Katie went on their first dates, that was when I realized just how friendless I really was. It hurt at the time, but I got use to it. Sort of. I opened my eyes and looked at the scenes in front of me. No one knew I was there, but then again, if they did, no one glanced over or said anything. So, I just figured they didn't know. I looked around and tried to figure out what to do. I couldn't just sit here and drown in my "sorrow." To my right, I saw Percy, Nico, Annabeth, and Luke all sitting at a table eating what looked to be Mexican food? I wasn't sure, but to me, it actually looked like they were on a double date. Annabeth and Luke were together, and Percy and Nico were together. The small kid had managed to get Percy to confess first. I'm still not sure how. But, considering that's what it looked like, that idea went out the window. Just left of them, I noticed Hazel and Clarisse sword fighting with a crowd surrounding them. Probably some kind of bet. I sighed again. I didn't feel like getting into that. Not without Travis. To the left of crowd, I saw Leo, Reyna, Piper and Jason Grace sitting in the shade of a large tree next to the lake. I thought about going over there, but then I remembered who was with someone in that group. Leo had somehow gotten Reyna's attention, and they had begun dating. Jason and Piper, well, everyone knew about them. Damn it! It looked like a double date too! Why didn't they just team up with the other four and go as a group! They could pick up Travis and Katie along the way then. I sighed out of frustration, and turned my gaze away from Jason and them to the ground. I could have sworn that I saw Jason look over, but I shrugged it off as just my imagination. I closed my eyes again. I was starting to feel angry, and the moment I do, Travis comes and asks questions. Yeah, I know he's just trying to be a brother, but sometimes, I just want to keep things to myself. Sometimes it's better that way. Or at least, that's what I keep telling myself. It may be a shock, but I'm not very good at talking about my feelings. Hence the reason I don't have a girlfriend. I brought my knees up to my chest and rested my chin on my arms. I kept my eyes on the ground. I couldn't look at anyone. I was surrounded by couples and best friends. It was just hard. If I looked, I would just start to feel upset again, and Travis would come running. That's the thing about being a twin. You're not suppose to be alone. "Hey, what are you doing here alone? In a bush?" asked a voice. I nearly jumped up and brought my weapon of choice out. The guy scared the crap out of me! But I remained seated where I was, and looked up to see, Jason? I guess it wasn't just my imagination then. Then I remembered that he asked me a question. So I blurted out something oh so very intelligent. "Uh..." Yeah real smooth Connor. "Oh, sorry. Didn't mean to scare you. Hey Connor aren't you usually with Travis and Katie? I almost never see you guys apart." he paused as if he were wondering whether or not he should continue. He did. "How come you're here by yourself?" he finished. I really didn't want to answer that. Jason sat down so that we were eye to eye. But then, he was Jason. He probably thought I wasn't speaking because it seemed as though he was interrogating me. Really the main reason I wasn't speaking was because I didn't want to feel. I didn't want Travis coming and ending his time with Katie, or worse, he could bring her along. "Connor?" said Jason. He gave me a confused look. Crap, I forgot he was still there. And I was staring at him. Unintentionally, yeah, but what was Jason thinking? Wait. What? I desperately tried to hide the blush that was making itself known. Why was he even talking to me? We've barely said anything to each other since he got here. (The Roman demigods were spending a about a week or two here just for fun.) But that wasn't the topic at the moment. The topic was me being here alone, staring at Jason who was asking that very question. What was I suppose to say? We barely knew each other, so I wasn't about to spill my problems to him. Oh gods my siblings would kill me for not coming up with a clever lie like Hermes kids would usually do. Suddenly Jason gave me a sympathetic look. That was weird. "Hey, look, I understand if you don't wanna talk. I was just going to ask if you wanted to hang out with us." he said. "Uh, I'm fine, really. But uh, thanks." I managed to say. I don't know why I trusted my voice, but it was surprisingly fine. I still wish I came up with some intelligent lie. Yeah, that never happened. Jason smiled and... laughed? Huh. His laugh was more bubbly that I thought it would be. It had a.. nice sound to it. Wait. What? I felt the blush on my face deepen, and I was even more desperate to hide it. "No offense Connor, but for a while there you looked like a lost puppy." he said playfully. It was then I realized that he said my name. Usually no one could tell Travis and I apart. I never knew how Jason could do it, but he was always able to tell which one I was. I've never realized it before that moment. "Connor?" I blinked after realizing that I was staring again. What was wrong with me? It was just Jason. But then again, he was trying to confront me about my feelings. Well, okay, he was probably doing it unintentionally. That was just his personality. "You know, Piper and I broke up a while back, so you wouldn't be any fifth wheel or anything." said Jason. They broke up? Huh. I must have been busy with Travis and a prank at the time. Wait, why did I care? I wasn't exactly best friends with either of them. Gods what the Hades was wrong with me? "So?" said Jason. He was looking at me in an odd way. I wasn't sure how to describe it. "You know... if... if this is about Travis and Katie, you can uh, always come to me and talk about it. It's not healthy to keep things bottled up." he said as if he were reading my mind. I suddenly got defensive. I didn't mean to be, I just wasn't big on talking about my feelings. "I'm fine really!" I blurted. Yeah my siblings would definitely kill me for not creating a better lie. Jason sighed and leaned back against the tree he was sitting under. "Connor, I know it's hard, but keeping things in isn't the best way to go about it. You've got to talk to someone . I know we're not exactly best friends or anything, but it wouldn't hurt trying." he said. I could tell he was getting frustrated with me, but he was doing a good job of staying calm. I guess that was a part of his nature. We sat in silence for a few minutes. I wasn't sure how long exactly, but it became long enough for Jason. "So, do you want to talk about it?" he asked. His voice wasn't demanding, or aggressive. It was quite quiet and calm. It was... soothing. Oh gods. Why am I thinking like this? I was pretty sure my face was the colour of a strawberry at this point. I realized that I hadn't looked away from Jason the entire time as well. I couldn't exactly tell what Jason was thinking, but he grinned and glanced down at his hands. He then stands up. "Well, whenever you want to talk or hang out, I'll be there." he said. Then he did something strange, and a bit unnerving. He winked