A/N : Due to my love for the Percy Jackson series, I suddenly got an idea to write a story for the category. Enjoy! The Flower of Chaos begins right now. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters except my own OCs. The Percy Jackson series and the Heroes of Olympus series belongs to Rick Riordan. Chapter 1 "This has been the sixty-ninth time I've had you called into my office Miss Nightshade. Where do I even begin?" Principal Maxwell Bates stated sternly, staring at the girl sitting before him one Friday morning."That's ten counts of levitating objects in the science labs, twenty cases of producing wild vegetation from the air vents, fifteen counts of destroying the race track with what look like tire tracks from a Hot Wheels car and finally," He sighed and rubbed his temple with irritation, feeling a mega headache coming up. "twenty-four cases of exploding toilets from both girls, boys and the teacher lavatories." I would say that's a new personal record for me. Evelyn thought to herself, feeling quite proud of the achievement. Though most of those incidents happen without warning...I wonder if it has something to do with my hormones...Ever since I turned fifteen, I noticed weird things that were beyond my realm of comprehension. I asked my Dad once but even he didn't really know how to answer... "Just handle it the best you can." He would tell her and they would leave the conversation like that. "Seriously, what am I supposed to do with you." The principal frowned as he paced back and forth behind his desk, jolting the girl back to reality. "What would your parents say?" "Mom's almost never home, you have to catch her at certain periods of the month. She's away on a business trip...multiple business trips now that I think about it." Evelyn shrugged her shoulders like, Sorry man I can't help you there . "You could try contacting my dad but, you're gonna have to pay the phone bill." "I just don't know what to do with you...all these damages are putting dents in the funding for this school." Principal Bates walked back and forth in thought. Then his eyes lit up as if he thought of something brilliant. "I know! There's a bus for delinquents heading out this afternoon. They are spending the weekend at a place to get their behavior straightened and I'm sure you would benefit greatly by joining them." "But sir..." Evelyn said, looking at him skeptically. "I'm not a delinquent, I've been getting good grades all semester long." "I'm sorry Miss Nightshade." He apologized before filling out a form with a ballpoint pen. "Please let your father know what I just told you before your departure. Remember the bus around 1 o'clock this afternoon and I expect you to wait in the parking lot. You may go." "...yes sir." Evelyn said before excusing herself. She sulkily dragged her feet back to Calculus class and sat for the duration of the class until the lunch bell rang. The teacher was going over derivatives or some graph but she kept her gaze somewhere other than the board. She grabbed a quick lunch, left a long message on her father's work phone and made her way to the parking lot once 1 o'clock rolled around. "Miss Evelyn Nightshade?" The driver, a woman wearing a track-suit, asked as she looked at the girl with small beady eyes. She looked to be around forty years old and her smell, the girl tried not to gag at the stench that was a combination of moldy garlic pizza wrapped in gym shorts and sprinkled with a pinch of armpit sweat. It was beyond nauseating. "Y-Yes ma'am?" Evelyn replied the best she could without making a disgusted expression. I swear I'm gonna pass out... "Hmm..." The driver pulled out a pencil, adorned with all sorts of teeth marks, and checked her name off on the list. "Okay, go in and find a spot. I don't care where you sit." One by one, other students filed into the vehicle. As Evelyn looked around there were only five of them including herself. After the sixth and final one boarded, the driver checked her list twice before nodding her head. Is this really all of us? What a small group... She wondered just as the driver closed the door, grabbed the microphone and cleared her throat. "Ahem! Listen up you little pukes." She said, getting their attention as well as a couple of boos which she ignored completely. "You are all on this bus for various reasons that I could care less since I don't like any of you. My job is to get you guys to your destination facility without hiccups so behave yourselves or else. Let's go." Strapping herself in to the seat and adjusting her mirrors, she revved up the engine which spluttered slowly to life. And there goes my weekend plans... Evelyn sighed as she watched the bus pull out of the parking lot and got onto the main highway. Living in the rural areas of Texas since her birth, there really wasn't much to look at besides the grazing cows and seas of wheat. Glancing to her left she noticed a girl absentmindedly digging out some dirt from underneath her nails with a Swiss Army knife. She had long, pale and wispy blond hair with icy blue eyes. There was some sort of medallion around her neck with crossbones on one side and something on the other that Evelyn couldn't see clearly. A lanyard created entirely out of chain mail could be seen clipped around her belt buckle. She was wearing a plaid jacket over a gray tank top and for bottoms she opted for shorts, capping it all off with black combat boots. "What do you want, Flower girl?" She stopped doing what she was doing and glanced at Evelyn from the corner of her eyes. "Listen. The place we're going to isn't your average run of the mill type of juvenile detention center. So try to do me a favor and just sit there, be pretty and stop staring." Looks like someone has her panties in a twist. Evelyn thought as she decided to look at the other occupants on the bus. In the seat adjacent from her sat two students, a girl whose shaggy black hair sported pink streaks and a boy with short chestnut or beige colored hair. The female had on a nice floral dress that reached her knees and when she tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear, Evelyn could see earrings in the shape of sea shells. The male had on a nice black jacket over a tucked-in, white collared shirt and dress pants for bottoms. The gray colored tie around his neck sported a lot of tiny owls, even the emblem stitched on the back of his jacket was in the shape of an owl. Two rows behind them sat a flaming red-haired boy wearing a dark black hoodie. He had one leg propped up and ear buds in his ears, his death-metal music blasting through the speakers. He had on cut off jeans for bottoms and athletic shoes. He merely glanced at Evelyn for a minute before turning his gaze to look out the window with a faraway expression. And the last person... The girl turned to look at the final person sitting near the front two rows behind the driver. Since the seats were quite tall, she could only make out the spiky black hair that jutted out over the leather tops. "Hmm? Are my eyes tricking me?" She heard the driver muse to herself in confusion. "I can't tell what that is...must be some sort of illusion..." Huh? What is she talking about? Evelyn looked through the mirror to see what looked like a veil that seemed to be shimmering in and out of reality. Wait...what is that...? She narrowed her eyes as the bus inched closer and closer to the ominous vapor-like substance. As soon as the vehicle entered, a lot of strange things happened. Shadows darted past the windows so fast that she thought her mind was playing tricks on her. "Look out!" Startled, Evelyn felt the ground move out from underneath her feet as the bus lurched sideways, almost as if something hit it with a baseball bat...a gigantic baseball bat. Gripping the seat in front of her, she carefully made her way to the front of the bus. The driver seemed to have fallen into deep asleep, leaving the fate of everyone up to either the gods, goddesses or pure luck. Which ever the case, she was practically useless now. Come one Evelyn focus! The girl told herself as she looked at the steering wheel with apprehension. You know how to drive a car and a minivan. How hard can driving a bus be? Placing both hands on the wheel she tried to keep it stable, turning it in the direction the wheels were skidding. The bus continued spinning in a clockwise manner before finally coming to a stop, landing on its side with the tires facing up. Some of the windows were broken and a couple kids were missing during the accident. "Color me surprised Flower girl." The Swiss Army girl whistled with approval as she shook some of the debris from her head. "That was some nice reflexes." "It's Evelyn." "Come again?" "My name is Evelyn Nightshade." Evelyn introduced herself, making sure she had the other girl's attention. "Not 'Flower girl'." "If you say so but that doesn't explain why you have a pansy growing out of your head like a...a weed?" "It's a petunia, not a pansy! And I can't get rid of it. Watch." Grabbing the plant with her left hand, Evelyn yanked it out only for a new one to sprout back in its place. "See? It's just...there! And it won't go away..." "So, your hair represents the rich soil ground and I guess you just water the plant with your sweat, am I right?" The other girl laughed, clearly pleased with her analogy. Evelyn figured it was kind of true, her hair was mousy brown and unruly which gave it a messy appearance. "Yeah yeah, keep laughing Chuckles." Evelyn frowned with annoyance, discarding the withering flower to the side. Climbing out of one of the busted windows, she tried to asset the damage. Looking between the busted vehicle and the fact that they fell quite a long way from where the actual road was, it was a miracle that there were any survivors. "So now what?" "Oh you want me to figure it out?" The girl feigned surprise as she climbed out of the wreckage, crossing her arms over her chest. "Shoot, no one has ever asked me to do that before. I'm what you consider a 'lone wolf'." "Well you can stand there all you want but I'm going to look over there to see if there's any signs...or something." "Then you better watch out for that..." She didn't even finish her sentence before Evelyn fell flat on her face with a grunt. "root." "Thanks for the early warning." Evelyn mumbled as she stood up, dusting off her clothes. She made her way to where the road was and looked from left to right. The fog was so thick she couldn't see for miles. "What is this...? Before it was sunny and now it's cloudy..." "Such unusual weather patterns...perfectly describes Texas' bipolarity." The other girl commented as she stood beside Evelyn. By comparison, the girl stood about six feet tall so her hair reached just the middle of her back. Evelyn herself was only five feet seven the last time she checked. "Gods I can't see anything..." Evelyn muttered with annoyance. "Why don't we split up and see if there's anyone else around here?" "Rose Wilson takes no orders from anyone." Rose frowned and walked off in a certain direction.