So, hi, guys! This is my first fanfiction! There is a few things that I have to say: 1. I had inspiration to write this story reading Only Half of You by Tricksi. I highly recommed you all read that fic (and her other stories) because it's amazing. My fic takes a different direction that Only Half of You , but some scenes are inspired by her story. 2. English is my 3rd language. I decided to upload this to practice my english. I'm sorry by all the mistakes I could have made and don't hesitate to correct my grammar. 3. The concept of this fic is what would have happened if the tables were turned? Remember when Katniss thought about it in the books? Gale going to the Games and falling in love with another? What if she was in love with him first? 4. That's what I intend to do, but the fic isn't going to follow the books in some points. 5. My intention is writing 3 chapters: 1 for each book. 6. Also, I named Foxface, Marissa in this fic. 7. The Hunger Games belongs to Suzanne Collins, etc, etc... So here we go! It could have been a beautiful if day it wasn't the most feared day across Panem. The Reaping Day. Every year, two teenagers, a boy and a girl at an age between 12 and 18 are selected as tributes for The Hunger Games. The poor victims have to travel to the Capitol, train; and then, fight in the arena until only one tribute is alive. The victor. The sun shines happily while Katniss looks nervously at her sister. It's Prim's first reaping. Katniss doesn't even have time to collect her thoughts before the district escort, Effie Trinket, pulls out the girl's name. Not, me. Don't let it be Prim. -Madge Undersee! -she says excited. She can't believe it. Madge is the mayor's daughter. She was supposed to be safe. Shocked, Katniss sees one of ther few friends reach the stage with a complete calm expression and Katniss remembers this is not over. She looks at the 18 years old section, where her best friend, Gale, looks anxiously at the 12 year old section, where is Rory. It's his first reaping too. -Not Gale - thinks Katniss while Effie pulls out the name of the male tribute. -Anybody but Gale. -Rory Hawthorne! Katniss's world crumbles around her. She is sure her heart stops and she can see what it's going to happen even before it happens. She hears some movement in the 18 years old section and Gale takes a step saying with a voice that doesn't show a bit of doubt: -I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute! And the world stops. Not him. Never Gale. They can't have him. -You can't do it! -Rory protests running to Gale, trying desesperately to push him back to the 18 years old section-. You can't leave! -Rory go and find mom- Gale says. Katniss goes after Rory, her heart, now, beating fast. She tries to take Rory to Hazelle, but it's more difficult than she thought it would be since he fights with all he's got. She has to drag Rory to Hazelle's hands, but Rory is not done. -We need you! -he screams. The square is quiet as ever-. I'm expendable! -You are not! -Gale's voice travels to every inch of the square with authority. He looks like a real leader and, for a second she believes that (and the entire District, too) he can do it. He can come home-. Nobody is! Katniss's heart sinks as he turns around and she thinks about drag him back to the woods. But she can't. She knows it. She can't save him. Not this time. Madge is fighting the tears and Katniss doesn't understand why. She seemed fine just a few minutes ago. She tries to hear what Effie is saying excitedly to Gale, but she can't. Is like somebody turned the world's volume down. But she is able to hear Effie exclaim: -Your tributes, Madge Undersee and Gale Hawthorne! Effie is the only one who claps. The rest of the people kiss three fingers and put them up in the air. Katniss tries to stand taller. She thinks she sees something flicker in Gale's eyes, but then it's gone. She should have known that anything is possible on the reaping day, but she never expected to see Gale and Madge walking to their deaths. Katniss lands herself in his arms even before the door is closed. -We are acting quite nice today, aren't we, Catnip? Katniss feels something hard constrict her throat and she doesn't know what to say. She doesn't even know what to think. -Promise me, you are going to take care of them. -I will. Gale, you know I will. Katniss finally meets his eyes and feels the need of burning down the entire Capitol to ashes. -You have to find a bow and rope -she says hurriedly. She only has a few minutes before the peacekeepes come to take her out there-. You know how to hunt and you can make snares. Remember about the plants I showed you... -Katniss... -Gale -she interrupts him. He has to come back . He has to . -You are strong. It's only a show. That's it -she says desesperately. -I can't... I can't kill people -he says finally in almost a whisper. -You know how to hunt -she says even knowing he doesn't mean it like that. -Animals, Katniss! She takes his face in her hands and she makes him look her in the eye. -There is no diference. He looks at the floor and she adds: -You need to come home. Do it for your mum, your brothers, your sister, Prim and me. Promise me. His eyes shine when he looks back at her. -I promise. She wants to say lots of things, like how important he is in her life, but she doesn't have enough time. The door hangs open, the peacekeepers come in and she starts to panic. She is not ready. He can't leave. Not now. -Katniss, you have to let go -Gale says in a deflacted tone. She shakes her head and hugs him with more strenght. She can hear Gale sigh. -Katniss, you have to let me go... -No -her voice sounds so small and she hates it. She hates everything. He moves his hands up and down in her back, trying to soothe her. And she thinks, that maybe he can do it if he stays with her forever. But then she feels a pair of unknown hands circling her waist and pulling her to the door, too much fast for her liking. -Gale! -she screams-. Promise me! -I promise! She sees as the distance between them grows and knows something she wants to tell him. Something he really needs to know. -Gale, remember I... And the door gets closed in her face. Madge barely says a word, but at the end of the day, their friendship was born in the silence. She seems to have accepted her destiny and looks calm again. Katniss knows her delicate friend doesn't stand a chance and if she has to choose who she wants to come home, it's pretty obvious who is her choice. Gale is a part of her life that Madge never was. And she really wants to punch herself for the way she is thinking. All she has to offer is a hug before the peacekeepers come in to tell her that her last moment with Madge had come to a end and Madge whispers in her ear: -He is going to come back. Katniss has no time to ask the questions that are popping in her mind. -I'm a strong independent woman who needs no men - thinks Katniss the next day as she tries to bring home a haul enough to feed 7 people after a night full of nightmares. Suddenly, the woods seem bigger and sometimes she turns around to make a comment just to find an empty space. It's not easy. She brings down a couple of rabbits and almost forgets to check the snares before coming back. She is close to tears when she sees the two squirrels that have been caught in Gale's intrincate snares. But the happiness becomes in frustration when she tries to reset one of them. It's one of Gale's new creations and she barely had time to learn how to make it. One of her fingers gets caught in the rope and she has to cut it to free it. She tries not to cry. But at the end of the day, the woods were the place where she could be herself. She avoids their meeting spot. Hazelle and Katniss's mom decide to stay together in the Hawthorne's house. Actually, Hazelle doesn't say a thing trying to keep her strong mask in place for the sake of her children. But Mrs. Everdeen somehow saw how Hazelle's hands tremble a little, or, how she grips the clothes that she washes with more force than what's usual. And she understood what Hazelle needed was more support. -Do you mind if we stay with you? -Mrs. Everdeen asks when Posy, Vick and Rory are already in bed-. Katniss and Prim can go with the kids to school and this house is closer to the fence. Hazelle keeps her walls up, but her grateful smile almost bertrays her. Together, they decide that Prim sleeps with Posy and Hazelle. Mrs. Everdeen takes the couch. And they send Katniss to Gale's bed. A comforting feeling warms her and she is able to sleep surrounded by Gale's smell. Rory refuses to eat. Katniss sees Gale that night in the parade. He is on fire. Literally. They are dressed in black, tight suits with capes. Both look regal with straight backs and chins up. Katniss drinks in his image. The flames create shadows in his face almost eating the grey of his eyes. His suit makes him look a little more taller than he is and more muscular. He looks as handsome as ever. Madge's suit makes her look curvier and her blonde hair falls nicely over her shoulders in defined waves. Katniss always thought Madge is a beautiful girl, specially when she smiles, but now she looks like she belongs to another league. For a second both of them look almost dangerous, but then, Gale smiles and the crowd it's in the palm of his hands. Madge follows his example and the capitolites start so sing their names. It's just when Katniss is starting to enjoy it, when she she sees her hand in his, in the air. The crowd looks hysteric seeing for the first time a pair of tributes presenting themselves as a team. But this is wrong because he is supposed to be her team mate, not Madge's. -Katniss? She turns around at the sound of a voice she heard before. One that sounds similar to Gale's and she finds Thom just in front of her. Gale's best friend since they were 2 years old. -Hey. -I'm just... -Thom comes closer and says in a whisper -If you ever need something, just ask. There is plenty of people that want to help you with Hazelle and the kids. A part of Katniss beams with pride. Gale trusted her his family. The family he protected since he was 14. He trusted her. Not Thom or the rest of his friends, but her. -Thank you, we are fine -she says with confidence. -Katniss -Thom adds before she can leave-. If you need it, I will have money when I start to work in the mines. He is my friend too. And she thinks how if it wasn't for the reaping that would have been Gale's destiny too. And she doesn't know what she prefers. The Games or the mines where their fathers died.