Disclaimer: I don't own any of the twilight characters Reformatting a lot of this one too, some of it had been so rough! Renesmee's POV There are two dilemmas that rattle the human skull: How do you hang on to someone who won't stay? And how do you get rid of someone who won't go? The War of the Roses I nestled deeper into the hollow of Embry's neck, as if I could just bury myself in him. He had been my safe haven for so long. He reached out and wrapped his arms around me. We had both caught word of Jacob's return and I knew that meant he would be looking for me. I had a few memories of him, but they were all so clear I felt like they had just happened yesterday. I could remember Jacob constantly holding me as a baby and how warms his palm felt. I remember him brushing my hair from my eyes. I remember him whispering all of his hopes and dreams for the future. It all felt like a lifetime ago. I remember how painful the ache of missing him felt. No one could seem to give me the answers I was looking for. They couldn't tell me where Jake had gone or when he would return. Even as a small child, I had adjusted to him being a constant in my life. "Ness everything will be alright. I'll be there with you the whole time." Embry whispered as he brushed his lips across my forehead. "Promise?" I whispered back. "Have I ever let you down before?" I looked up at him to be greeted by the biggest grin possible. I couldn't help but smile in return. I stared into Embrys eyes for all the things we didn't need to say before I returned my head back to his chest. I listened to his steady heartbeat as he got lost in the movie again. I felt all my nerves and anxiety bubble in my throat. Why had Jacob come back now? I repeatedly asked myself this like a bad mantra and I wasn't any closer to finding the answer. I closed my eyes and tried to focus on the thumping of Embrys heart. My own heart still fluttered every time I listened to his, like I would never quite adjust to the sound. I could feel a knot form in my stomach for all the emotions it brought out from me. The way I felt for Embry was completely endless. I knew that love just didn't simply cover it all. At first I had been searching for something to replace the void Jacob had left in my life. I didn't realize how big this void was until I bumped into his former pack about seven years after he left. They all looked like him and it took my breath away. They smiled and joked like he did. When they all laughed, I told myself if I listened hard enough I could hear him too. The fleeting moments I got to spend with all of them did nothing to bring me comfort. I'd spend my days lurking outside of LaPush to even catch a glimpse of any of them. I ended up finding Embry in one of my many episodes of waiting. He had been so good for me even then, but at the time I didn't realize how much of an impact he would make. The way he had carried himself relaxed everyone around him. He was able to crack a smile, and light up the entire room. He has been by my side since that day. I never had to question whether he would stick around. Embry had always been the balance of anything I needed in my life. He had been the wildly fierce protective brother. The best friend that made me laugh until I cried. He had brought an ease with him as I transitioned through all of my rapidly changing emotions. He listened to my over dramatic melt downs about trivial things that felt like the end of the world at the time. It wasn't until a few years after I had reached full maturity. I was suddenly less self absorbed and I became aware of Embry. I mean I had always noticed that he was handsome, it's not as if he didn't have girls that he dated casually. It wasn't just about his looks though, it was the whole of him. I had seen his soul and I couldn't shake how much it mirrored my own. The only thing that stood in the way of us then was Embry himself. He dug his heels in and rejected all of my advances. He treated me so much like I was made of glass and he was going to crush me. Eventually after some persistence on my part he came around to see it my way. It had been exactly three years ago that we decided that this was it. I didn't want to spend even one more day where he wasn't mine. I felt a slow heat creep up my neck as all the memories of us came back to me. I couldn't help but reflect on all the love I had for Embry. I think partly the heat in my cheeks was due to the shame of so many secrets. I had been living with these since I was born. I was Jacobs imprint. Even the thoughts left my mouth tasting bitter. I didn't want Jacob to return because that meant everything would change for me. I know Embry had a sense of loyalty to his pack. What I didn't know was if that loyalty still extended to Jacob. Was I expected to give Embry up now that Jake decided it was a convenient time for him to show up? I honestly hoped that's not the way it worked. My mother would agree that I didn't have to go down that route if I didn't want to. Embry was my comfort and my safe space. I didn't have the capacity to picture my world without him. A small knowing smirk crept on me as I heard Embrys stomach growl. He scratched the back of his head with an awkward stretch. As if on signal Emily announced that the food was done. Embry, Quil, Seth, and Leah were the only original wolves left from the pack. They were also accompanied by Jared and Kim's sixteen year old son Johnny. There hadn't been much trouble in LaPush since the battle with the Volturi eighteen years ago. Jared had gone on to marry Kim, they had three kids together. Johnny was the oldest being sixteen. He had come into his Quileute gene only a few weeks ago. Kyrs who was fourteen and Melissa who was seven. Jared decided to stop shifting when Johnny was ten in order to grow old with Kim. Sam had only stopped shifting three years ago. Emily was starting to age too, gray evident in her once silky black her. I assumed he couldn't imagine life without her considering she was his imprint. They didn't have any kids together, I think it was due to the fact that the pack were like there children now. Paul and Rachel got married a few years after I was born. The wedding was nice and simple from all of the pictures I've seen. They have two kids now and one on the way. Ashten who was fifteen, Marie who was fourteen and another baby boy on the way. Paul followed with everyone else, and had stopped shifting too. Claire and Quil had just recently begun dating; formally anyway. He'd been her best friend and constant companion up to this point. Fate was always working against Claire the moment Quil met her. She couldn't not be with him now. He had charmed his way into being her whole world. Claire was my absolute best friend, but I couldn't help but be envious of the relationship she had. Embry was the only guy I had ever loved, but he didn't give me the looks Quil gave Claire. He didn't look at me like I was his whole world. He didn't need to be with me every second of the day. Quil needed Claire that way. I couldn't help but think that if Jacob were here than someone would look at me that way. My heart thumped around in my chest, and I felt a pang of guilt. I leaned up searching for Embry's familiar smoldering brown eyes. I leaned up and pressed my lips to his in an effort to push away these ugly thoughts. I felt the fire beneath his touch, and it warmed me to my core. Embry pulled away and stared down at me as if trying to memorize my face. "I probably should get some food." he leaned in to steal one more kiss before shifting me around and got up. It felt right to be here with all of them in Emily's house. They had all become like family to me. I couldn't let Jacob tear me away from this. He had been gone far too long to come in my life now and expect everything to change for him. I was meant to be in this place now. I felt so much ease here and no judgement whatsoever. I had Embry and Claire, they had became my home away from home. I yawned and stretched my arms above my head. I pushed myself further into the couch and closed my eyes. I shut my eyes and felt sleep wash over my body. I had to of fallen asleep for a few hours because it was dark by the time I was jolted from sleep. People were shouting and the house suddenly felt so small. I shot up and let my eyes adjust to the dark room. Embry was standing close to someone I didn't want to quite recognize. He was built like him, almost exactly like him infact. My heart pounded heavily as I tuned into the conversation. "While you were off playing guard dog I was here Jake. I was here with her. Life isn't going to stop just because you weren't here!" Embry shouted. My face contorted, my Embry never shouted. My stomach dropped, I knew that they were arguing over me, nothing else could have made Embry act this way. If anything he was more level headed than anyone else I knew. "I always planned on coming back. She's my imprint." Jacob stressed the sentence as he said imprint. My heart seemed to explode as the memories washed over me once more. I wasn't sure I could face seeing him now, or ever for that matter. I covered my eyes and slumped back against the couch. Maybe if I prayed hard enough, I could just disappear. "Imprint? That's funny Jake. You didn't seem to even be thinking about how it would affect her when you left." Embry paused but I could hear the frustration in his voice. "Well hell Jake, no one has heard anything from you for years now. You stopped all contact with us like we were the enemy. We all assumed you were dead or that you just didn't care anymore." I peeked up at the confrontation through my lashes. Embry had been waving to all of the people around him. The whole pack had gathered for the annual bonfire at Emily's tonight. The house felt stuffed to the brim. The air was thick with tension at Jakes return. Tonight should've been spent being carefree. We should've been gathered around the fire to tell the stories of the past. "You never even came back for Dad's funeral. And I know you knew about it. I made Edward send you the letter I wrote!" Rachel interrupted with her voice cracking. She had tears pooled behind her soft brown eyes. She was standing up threatening to break out in