This story was the result of long conversations about the efficiency of swords against zombies. I hope that you enjoy it. :) Please review with any ideas you may have! First chapters are always rough, but I've got lots of ideas for this here story. One of my characters might come out as a boy-crazed woman who's going to become the typical fanfic character who'll automatically fall in love with a man and live happily ever after. Well, that's not the case. All of my characters should turn out to be quite complex. Anyways, this, being a first chapter, is mostly just setting things up. Introducing characters, explaining the situation, yadda yadda. So, don't expect fireworks! XD I don't own Lord of the Rings. "Run, run!" Ten very hungry, very angry zombies hobbled after my two friends, mouths hanging open in undead groans. Kat and Lee raced to our old, beat-down car, hauling heavy bags of food along with them. Meanwhile, I was standing through our sunroof, shooting at the zombies as best as I could without shooting my friends. They have food. Food is kind of important, you know. At least, that's what I've heard. I've never actually tried to live without it. It's far too enjoyable. Lee dived into the drivers seat while Kat slid into the back seat, earning a sharp yelp from my little sister, Lily. "You sat on my hand!" She cried out, rubbing her injured limb. Kat rolled her eyes and slammed the door shut. "Sorry, Lils, but we've got bigger problems right now." "Step on it!" I kicked Lee in the shoulder, and he slammed on the gas. Of course, he drove us right into a trash can. Kat flew into the chair in front of her, a not so friendly reminder to wear a seatbelt. "Damn it, Lee!" "Hey! Watch the language!" If I wasn't so busy killing zombies, I'd glare at that daft woman. We've got little ears on board! "Sorry, June!" Kat pulled out her pistol and prepared to fight for her life. "Get this car on the road!" Lee backed out of the rubbish, nailing a zombie in the gut, in the meantime. He floored our car over the curb and onto the dirty street, leaving the undead behind. "Yes!" Kat cheered, fist-pumping the ceiling. "We made it!" Yeah, barely. "Good job, guys!" I let out a sigh of relief while sliding down into the passenger seat. "What'd ya manage to get?" Anything but Ramen, please. I had enough of that in college. Lee ruffled through his bag carelessly, more focused on the road ahead. "I got some protein bars, a couple of bottles of water, those little cereal boxes... Enough to hold us for another three weeks, at least. What'd you get, Kat?" "Hmm... Well, I got some shampoo, deodorant, toothpaste, gum, cookies... A couple of beers." Lee rolled his eyes and slapped the steering wheel. "Seriously, Kat?" Kat held up her hands in defense. "Hey, do you want to have smelly pits and bad breath? Be my guest! As for me, I'm gonna be smelling nice for any sexy survivors we may come across..." She did that little growl of hers and winked at Lily. I shouldn't have expected anything more from our Kat. Woman's got a great shot, but the poor dear's just a bit too materialistic to survive on her own. Honestly, I'm just a bit worried about the effect she might have on my sister. "You'd better hope that you got some good toothpaste to cover up that beer breath." I laughed, knowing all too well of her fondness for alcohol. Completely missing the insult in that, she just smiled as she examined the toothpaste box. "Oh, yeah! This stuff is great. It's that stuff they were advertising back before the zomb- wait a minute... That hurt, June!" "You're a terrible drunk, Kitty." Lily giggled, pulling out her pet name for Kat. Kat raised her eyebrow at the eleven year old, a mischevous grin on her lips. "Oh, really? Well, I suppose that a drunk wouldn't share her skittles, now would she?" She pulled out a giant bag of the colorful candy and held it up for the little girl. Lily all but tackled the bag, her eyes wide with excitement. "I haven't had these in ages! Thanks, Kitty!" Kat waved it off as nothing, but she and I both know that she's got a soft spot for that little girl. Even the wildest of beasts have their weaknesses, hers just happens to be kids. So, this is our merry band of misfits. There's me, June Rivers, and my little sister, Lily. Then we've got Leon 'Lee' Rodgers, and the infamous Katherine Bay. If you call her Katherine, though, she'll rant about her 'bloody, old-fashioned' parents. We try to keep the use of 'Katherine' to a minimum. You've probably already noticed this, but we've got a rather nasty situation on our hands. When I say nasty, I mean nasty. Blood dripping out of the mouth, guts hanging out nasty. Zombies. Video game nerds and teenage boys alike have dreamed of this apocalypse since the dawn of the twenty-first century. Everyone has always wondered, 'what would a zombie really be like?' Well, my friend, they're not as exciting as you'd expect. They mostly waddle around, moaning and groaning. The longer they've been zombified, the more disgusting they are, since their bodies decompose like any other dead thing. They're slow, for the most part, but there are those zombies that can do this odd hobble-run, and it's like they never get tired! That's how they get you; they can run on forever, but you can't. Of course, a zombie apocalypse would have been no problem, had people been prepared. You'd be surprised how many people didn't have guns! It's a mixture of no self-defense, and the heartbreaking thought of killing a human being. When you watch those zombie movies, you don't realize how hard it really is to shoot the zombified versions of your neighbors, or worse; your family. Lily and I were lucky. She was visiting me on the east coast when it all went down. Kat was the funny friend who lived across the hall in my apartment building. She was always bringing over booze and throwing football parties in her room. Lee, on the other hand, worked at the bar down the street. Oh, I can't tell you how often Kat would come home, muttering about the 'prick' who wouldn't sell her any more beer. He and I got along just fine, though. All in all, I'd known those two for about... Well... Five years, I guess! Since I'd started university. Now, we were on the road! Driving around in Lee's beat-down 90's car, doing our best to avoid dying. Yepp. Living the life. "So, where are we headed, today?" Kat yawned from the back, stretching her legs out as much as the car would allow. Lee shrugged, his eyes fixed on the road. "I've got to get some gas, soon. There's a small town about twenty miles north. I was thinking we could stop there, for a bit. Fill up the tank, drive through the night." Ohh... Not so fond of that idea. "We're headed west, Lee. Can't we just stop somewhere along the way?" I asked, but he shook his head. "I know these parts. My parents and I used to travel this way to go visit my grandparents. This town was practically abandoned before the zombies. It's more like a truck stop than an actually living area." "Mmm... Not to sure I like the idea of zombie truck drivers coming after me..." Kat rested her head on the shoulder of Lee's chair. "I'm not to fond of any zombies coming after me..." Lily shuddered from the back seat, her eyes examining the abandoned cars on the highway. Agreed, sister. Unfortunately, Leelee didn't agree. "Come on, guys! Just trust me on this!" I sighed and looked back to Kat for input. She shrugged. "Zombies or no zombies. Either way it's a sad experience. I'm up for whatever." Great... It's up to me, now. Stupid gas guzzling car... It's never an easy decision, deciding where and when to stop. There's always the chance that a zombie could be out there, just waiting to eat you alive. I've got the welfare of my sister to think of, too... Still, a car needs gas, and it'd be best if we didn't run out while running from zombies. "If you say it's safe, then we'll go." I sighed, finally giving in. Lee laughed, switching lanes to avoid a stray zombie. "It's an apocalypse, Junie. No place is safe." About twenty minutes later, we pulled off of the highway. Lee was right. This place was small and isolated. There was a motel, a distant diner, a small grocery store, and the beloved gas station. Lee slowed us down to avoid alerting any nearby zombies, and carefully pulled us into the station. "Usual drill?" Kat asked, as though we were simply walking through the mall. "Usual drill." Lee answered, equally as casual. The two hopped out of the car, guns at the ready. Lee approached the gas station door and peeked inside. He and Kat made their way in, and I could see them making their rounds through the window. Check the aisles, clear the bathrooms, check out the supply rooms... Everything is checked. Then, we get the thumbs up. "Alright, Lily. Bathroom break?" The young girl shook her head rapidly, looking wide-eyed at her surroundings. "Nope. I'm good." Sigh... "Come on, Lils. I know you have to go. Go and enjoy the luxury of a toilet for once." It sure as heck beats the side of the road while your friends shoot at zombies. Even though that makes for a good story. Unfortunately, there's no one to hear it... Lily let out a sigh and unbuckled her seatbelt. "What if a zombie attacks?" "Kat will protect you. Go on, sweetie. Grab some candy, while you're at it." At that offer, Lily practically sprinted for the bathroom. Silly girl... Not even a zombie apocalypse can erase a child's love for sweets. Well, I'd best get to work. I climbed up onto the roof of our car and scanned the surroundings. The grocery store sat right across the street from us, its empty parking lot setting me at ease. At least it didn't look like there were any zombies around. No cars, no houses... Decent. Nice work, Lee. Soon enough, my friends were back in the car (Lily with bags full of goodies, and Kat with another case of beer), and we were pulling out. A successful day! We got a full tank of gas, lots of food and sweets, and a ton of booze - unnecessary booze, but hey! It's something. "Wait!" Kat screamed. "Stop the car!" Lee slammed on the breaks and pulled out his pistol. "What is it?" Kat pointed straight ahead, right to the grocery store. "Someone's in there!" Oh, goodness. "Kat, we're not stopping for zombies!" We're trying to avoid them, actually. She rolled her eyes and shook her head. "No, no! They're people! I see them! They've got kids with them!" A little peeved, I scanned the windows of the store , and, wouldn't you know, there was movement. Whether or not that movement consisted of zombies was still questionable, though." "Just forget about it, Kat." Lee stepped on the gas once more, putting his gun away. Unfortunately, Kat can't simply forget things once they've caught her attention. That foolish woman jumped out of the car and bolted for the grocery store. Crap. "Kat, get back here!" I grabbed my gun and went after her, silently cursing myself for not just letting her go. Like I said before, she's got a good shot. We reached the doors just as I was catching up to her, and she stopped. "What the hell do