I'm sure you've heard it all before. This is my first story, and it starts off slow, but i have to get a few things over with before anything gets good. Anyhoo, enjoy. :) I don't own Lord of the Rings, or anything else in this story, for that matter. All I own is Jane and Heather. Chapter 1. "Janey-pooh!" My best friend Heather attempted to violently shake me awake while using her baby voice. "JANE ELISE MILLER! You promised me you'd stay awake this time!" I slowly sat up, rubbing the sleep out of my eyes. I sleepily looked over at the clock. 3:35 A.M. I have insomnia, so I'm used to staying up late every night, if not all night, but after about a week without sleep I tend to just pass out. Unfortunately, Heather has bad timing with her visits. She's always the victim of my sleepless weeks, and tonight was no exception. Poor Heather. For the past three months I've been trying to get her to watch all three Lord of the Rings movies with me, but every time we sit down to watch them I always pass out on the poor child. She's never seen them all, because as I said, she always comes over at the worst times. She insists that we watch them all in order and we've never made it to the third movie. I, on the other hand, am a Lord of the Rings crazed woman. I look at the TV screen to see the battle of Helms Deep coming to an end. "How long have I been out?" "Just about an hour." Heather yawned while turning off the movie. "Seriously, for an insomniac you sure do sleep a lot." "Hey, it's not my fault I'm exhausted! I've only gotten ten hours of sleep all week, and I had to work every day. Give me a break, my body can only take so much abuse." I slowly stood up on sore legs. I've been working at Wendy's since I was sixteen, and two years of standing up for hours on end while dealing with fat, ungrateful customers all day still wears on me. Heather has been my best friend for years. Unfortunately, she's the obnoxiously pretty one. Perfect body, perfect hair, perfect everything. She practically screams Mary-Sue. All that's missing is a couple of fictional characters fighting for her attention. As if she didn't already have enough of that here. Guys have been going after her for as long as I've known her, and she lives off of it. It's safe to say she's not the brightest crayon in the box, caring more about parties and men than actually getting somewhere in life. It's a shame, she really is a smart girl- she's just also an irreparable idiot. That's where she and I are different. While she's out partying with guys falling at her feet, I'm at home reading cheesy romace novels, listening to my "Jesus music," or at work trying to make poop customers happy. I've never been into the whole party scene. Now, I will admit, I have a slight addiction for fanfiction. I've always hated the self inserted characters, though. Not the story itself, just the characters. Seriously, they're always whiny girls who will throw a fit if they're not allowed to fight at every single battle, and they always steal people's lines. If I were lucky enough to fall into a world such as Middle-Earth, I'd at least have some common sense and accept the fact that I can't fight worth shit and I'd be better off not trying to join the fellowship. But seriously, what are the chances of that happening? Evidently, it's not so impossible. I woke up to an arrow in my face, and an angry man glaring daggers at me. Yeah, original, I know. And who else but the famous Aragorn to be the one with his arrow pointed at me? Convenient. "Who are you?" He demanded, rather rudely, I might add. But hey, I forgive him. He looks so much like Viggo, but a lot younger than I expected. I'm not gonna lie, I was terrified. In fanfiction all of the people who fall into this world are almost immediately welcomed, so I all but peed my pants at the thought of an arrow sticking out of my throat. "Who are you?" He demanded again, a little more forceful this time. "My name is Jane Miller, and I'm begging you to not shoot me." I fought to keep the shake out of my voice, but I failed miserably. Hey, this guy had my life in his hands, it's not the kind of situation I want to be in. He noticed how frightened I was, and loosened the string of his bow slightly. "What are you doing here?" His voice was a tad more friendly this time. I looked at my surroundings, and realized that I was in a forest. "I don't know where "here" is. Let alone how I got here." Aragorn lowered his bow and studied me carefully. "You are just outside of Rivendell, milady." He noticed my clothes, black sweat pants and a white v-neck, and raised an eyebrow. "You just appeared right before my eyes, as if by magic. If I may be so bold, I must say that your clothes are quite odd. From where do you hail? You are no elf." "You're not going to believe me. I feel like if I tell you, you'll suspect me to be a spy and shoot me. Forgive me," I looked at his bow nervously, he still had an arrow at the ready. "But I'm not too fond of pointy things." He raised his bow slightly. "Ah, but how can I trust you if you are not honest with me? For all I know, you could be one of Sauron's spies." "Oh yes, because Sauron would send a five foot tall, unarmed, untrained teenaged girl to the land of the mighty elves." I rolled my eyes. These people never trust anyone, and I had a feeling that this place was going to get real old REAL fast. "If that were the case, then I'd have to say that Sauron's intelligence is surely lacking, and yours would be no better for fearing such a thing." Aragorn raised his eyebrows slightly, but didn't back down. "What year is it, anyways?" I asked, hoping that the war would be soon. I can't deal with people not trusting me for too long. If I have to put up with this crap for more than a few months, I'll go mad. He raised his eyebrows higher, and gave me a look of disbelief. "2950." He answered, slowly, wondering if I was serious. "WHAT?" I practically screamed in disbelief. I started running through the history of Middle Earth in my head. I knew that the Lord of the Rings trilogy takes place mainly in 3018-3019. And Aragorn's 87 then, so now he's, what, 19? Dang! I'm gonna be dead by the time anything cool happens! I've wanted to come to Middle Earth for years, and when I actually get here it's almost 70 years too early. "But that means I'll never meet Boromir! Hell, you don't even know who you are, yet!" Okay, that wasn't supposed come out. I clamped a hand over my mouth. "What do you mean?" Aragorn, well, I guess he thinks he's Estel right now, took a step closer, and gripped his bow tighter. I searched my brain for the right thing to say. "Look, I am sorry, but you don't understand. I'm not from here." I backed away as he came closer. "And I don't mean Rivendell, I'm talking about this whole world. I come from a place called America in the year 2010. There, this whole world... You, Elrond, Rivendell... It's all written in a book. A story." Aragorn raised his bow at me. "Tell me the truth. How do you know of Lord Elrond?" I raised my hands and gave him a pleading look. "You have to believe me, Estel." He looked shocked to hear his name. "I am not lying. I know it sounds ridiculous, but I need you to believe me. I know very well that this world is dangerous, and I have absolutely no means to survive here. If you could only let me speak to Lord Elrond, I can perhaps explain my story more fully." He looked like he was debating whether to kill me then in there, but instead he lowered his bow. "I suppose it makes sense enough to believe you. After all, you did appear out of thin air. Let's just hope that Elrond believes you, for it is not my opinion that matters here." I'm just going to skip to the important part. Elves... Yeah, Orlando Bloom's got nothing on 'em. These people are absolutely beautiful. Unfortunately, being in their presence for more than a few minutes is enough to make any normal person like me hate themselves. The one thing I'll never understand, though, is Elrond's receeding hairline. Is it even possible for elves to go bald? Anyways, Elrond is actually a pretty cool guy. Everyone always makes him sound like he's always angry. I'm pretty positive that in one fanfic I read he tried to murder someone for insulting him or something like that... No, I'm pretty sure he's just a little bummed about the whole Sauron situation, but who could blame him? Isildur's an ass. "Well, if what you say is true, it seems as though you have a problem." Elrond gave me a comforting smile, and took my hand in his. "You are alone in this world, and that isn't a good situation for such a young woman. You must forgive Estel for his treatment towards you," He shifted his gaze to Aragorn, who was standing off to the side, looking rather guilty. "He was right in doing so, though. For I am sorry to say that you come at a very unhappy time for us all, as you already know. I am just sorry that we can not get you home." "I don't really want to go home." I shrugged, as if the idea of never seeing my friends and family again was no big deal. Aragorn quickly looked up at me from his spot in the corner, and Elrond raised his eyebrow curiously. "Surely you miss your family? Your friends?" "Your husband?" Aragorn added hesitantly, all of the sudden becoming quite shy. Weird. "My world kinda sucks." To put it simply. Elrond and Aragorn looked at me, obviously expecting an explanation. "Don't get me wrong, it's a cool place and all. Just... Not for me. We've had our fair share of Sauron's, and it's practically destroyed us. My home is dying, because no one cares anymore. The only thing I'll miss is my family. Other than that, there's nothing for me on Earth. Not even a husband." Elrond seemed to ponder over this for a moment, and then came to a conclusion. "Then you must stay here." He gave me a smile. "You are welcome in my home as long as you shall wish. For the rest of your days, if it pleases you." My jaw dropped. Forever? Here? In Rivendell? HELL YEAH! "T-that would be... amazing! Thank you!" "It is the least I could do. You are alone in this world, and you need someone to watch over you. I'll have the arrangements made! But for now, Estel, please show dear Jane around her new home." I completely forgot that Aragorn was there. He took a step forward and gave me a small smile. "Of course." He held out his arm for me, and led me out of the room. We were quiet for a while as he guided me through the halls. "I am sorry." I looked over at Aragorn. He was looking down at his feet. "For what?" I asked as we