Word count: 3096 please, make this go on forever (and time, like sand, keeps slipping through our fingers) Even after finding out that her brother is still alive and well – or as well as any demigod can be – Thalia still has a duty to her new sisters (she chose that life) and Artemis, and her loyalty for her goddess has to supersede the one she feels for her still mortal family. It hurts, but she made that choice some time ago now, and she has a long life ahead of her to try to get around to it. "You're lucky," one of their newest recruits tells her. "You still actually have people who give a damn about you out there. You have a family with them," and the words are unsurprisingly bitter. "We're the only family you'll ever need from now on, you know." She answers with a smile on her lips, but the words feel wrong in her mouth. She still hears her brother's laugh every time she closes her eyes, and she might never stop longing for the days where she, Annabeth and Luke has managed to carve out their little family despite every hardship the world had thrown at them. The girl smiles too and thanks her, but Thalia can see that her heart isn't in it. It's alright though – she's come to realize that they're all a little bit broken in the Hunt, and it takes time for those broken pieces to heal properly again. Hers haven't yet, but she has all the time in the world before them now (she just hopes it will be enough) . They have no more time for chit-chat after that though, and as much as she'd like to share her newfound wisdom with this younger sister, they have more pressing matters to attend to. They've finally found the nest of their 'monster of the week'. It's a bizarre cross between Manticore and Hydra, one of those new evils conjured by Gaea. They had started this hunt well over a week ago, and it was high time the beast got a taste of their blades. And arrows. As well as whatever they could throw at it that would keep it down for good. The fight doesn't last long, but it is exhausting. The beast is strong, and though it certainly is no match for the combined force that the Hunters of Artemis make when they have a particular goal in mind, and it soon dissolves back into dust, it still gives makes its best efforts to kill them. They know by now that it probably won't stay down for long, but if they managed to do it once they can do it again. At least now they have some time to rest, and once the dust is gone the clearing makes a camping space as good as any other. She's about to sit down, fully intending to take first watch so that she can sleep as late as allowed in the morning, when Phoebe stops by her sleeping bag, staring in a way that makes her strangely self-conscious. "What do you want?" She asks, and while Thalia is aware that her tone might be a bit too harsh, she's always believed in bluntness and honesty, and she has never hid from the fact that she isn't particularly fond of the older Hunter. Their relationship is already much better than it was a couple of years ago, and it gives her hope for the future. One day, they might even become the sisters they can be. "I just wanted to let you know that I heard you early, with Tracy, and, uhm…" She trails off, looking uncharacteristically uncomfortable. Thalia arches an eyebrow and that must be enough for the other girl to refocus, because she takes a deep breath and continue as if nothing had happened. Hadn't she just witnessed it, she would have thought that moment of weakness a trick of the light. "What I meant is that I wanted to tell you that it was alright if you wanted to go visit your family. Your mortal one, I mean – obviously we're not going anywhere," she adds, and Phoebe almost manages to make it sound like a joke. "Not now, of course, since we're kind of in the middle of a crisis, but once it's over you should, you know, spend time with them." ' Before you can't ', she doesn't say, but the words hang in the air between them anyway, working a chill down her back that is nearly cold enough to make her shiver. It makes her think of how it had felt, all those years ago, to have the utter certainty that her baby brother was gone for good. It had been a dark kind of pain, its jagged edges tearing at her heart every time she let herself remember. She had tried to forget then, but it had never really worked, and now that she has him back… Well, she doesn't really know how she'll ever be able to truly let him go ever again. She has never been so glad to have been wrong as she had been when she had realized just who this 'Jason' was, and she can only imagine too well how it will feel to one day hear his name followed by the word 'dead' instead of 'alive'. "Take what you can get while you still can," Phoebe finishes, and her tone is as settled as it ever was, like her words haven't just re-opened a wound she didn't want to look at. "I will," she answers, but her voice sounds chocked. She refuses to cry for anything, but she thinks that if she ever had to make an exception this would be it. "Thanks," she adds, because it needs to be said. "You're welcome." The older girl leaves after that, and soon enough the camp is quiet but for the comforting sound of the forest around them. When her watch ends, she prays to the Moon that they'll all live through this new war, even if she still remembers enough of the last one to know that it's a fool's hope. Her last thought before falling asleep is, oddly enough, that her baby brother now looks the same age as she does, and soon enough he'll look older than her. .x. She fully intends to keep to her word as soon as she can, but life interferes, the way it often does. Phoebe dies, as do many other Hunters, the war ends… It all pills up until Thalia just feels like escaping from her responsibilities, only she can't. She has to remind herself every morning that she chose this life, and that she can't run away like a scared little girl anymore. She's stronger, and braver, than that. She got through these wars, she can get through anything now. Only then she ventures outside and sees the destruction waged under Gaea's orders, and she wonders why they still keep fighting when this world seems so intent on ending. That feeling will pass. She knows this, because she felt it before, and it went away then. It will go away now too. Artemis visits them again now, and her first words are about how proud she is of them. Thalia is proud of them too, because they did the best they could and even if the circumstances around the compliment makes her sick, she is glad for the support. It is one thing to know that a demigod's life is dangerous and a Hunter's one doubly so, but it is another to have to face two wars in such a short length of time. None of them were really prepared for that. The Hunters are under her command when Artemis isn't there, but she's not above them. She has a different status, but she still is one of them, and when they mourn they mourn together, and she has never been gladder to be part of something as she is in those moments. She doesn't think she could do this on her own. Still, the thing is that the Hunter stay at Camp Half-Blood for a while to help rebuild, and then Artemis sends them into the wild to make sure none of Gaea's monsters remain, and meanwhile Jason goes back to Rome while Percy and Annabeth decide to go to college, and before she knows it months have passed already and she still hasn't been to see them. She's proud to be a Hunter – make no mistake, it's everything she never thought she wanted but always needed, and she wouldn't give it up for anything in this world, but it still stings a little, to realize that they're moving on with their lives while hers remain the same. The truth is, in the end she's just too proud to go see them, even if part of her does realize that she should enjoy what time they can get together. She just always manages to find excuses not to go, until one day she literally ends up on her brother's doorstep, not really knowing how she got there. They've kept in touch somewhat through IM and that's how she knows the address, but she's never visited before, claiming to be busy with one thing or another, even if they both knew she couldn't fool anyone. Piper is the one who answer the door, and for a moment Thalia almost doesn't recognize her. She hasn't changed, and yet there is something different about her. She can't quite put her finger on it, but she seems almost happier, somehow – though considering that the last time they really saw face to face they were in the middle of a war that's not surprising. She's a bit older and more mature, and she holds herself with more confidence, and when her brother comes to greet her he and Piper just fit, like a picture you used to only see in black and white but now see in full colors. "Looking good, brother," she finally says, and just like that the ice is broken. He laughs but agrees with her, and they move to a small living-room where they spend the rest of the afternoon catching up. It should feel weird, to finally be together after so long with no crisis looming on the horizon – or at least none that they know of – but it feels natural instead. Piper is good for him, and it's almost a shame they're so in love because the daughter of Aphrodite would make a stunning Hunter, but the way things are going between them Thalia thinks it won't be long before she gets to call the other girl 'sister' anyway. When she leaves, she promises to come back as soon as she can, and she really means it this time. The Hunters may have become her family over the last few years, but they're not the same as having her brother back. Most of them still despise hearing the word 'boy', something that their goddess fully encourages, and while Thalia definitely can understand their reasons, she still would like to be able to talk about her brother and his life without the rude commentaries. She keeps her word at first. In the downtime between the hunts Artemis sends them on and the monsters they stumble upon, she manages to visit her brother at least once a month. The other Hunters protest at first, but once they notice how happier those visits make her, they let her be. She's their sister after all, and just as she wants to protect them, they want what's best for her, and brothers do hold a different status in their mind than any other male friend would. She sees Annabeth too, and Percy, and Nico when he drops by. Once a year the 'seven' of the Prophecy meet up officially, and Thalia is always invited. She