One-Shot: What's the Hunger Games? I knock on Haymitch's door. Peeta stands beside me. Although he tries to hide it, he is literally bouncing up and down. No answer from within, so I knock again. "Haymitch! Let us in, old man, I know you're not sleeping!" There. That gets him. Our father figure and old mentor opens the door with a scowl. "Never call me an old man. 55 is not an old age! What is it, you two? You know I'm drunk before eight in the morning!" "We know," Peeta responds with a sly grin. "We have something to tell you." Haymitch's eyes slightly soften and he ushers us in. His place still looks a mess – empty bottles everywhere, dirty clothes hang on furniture. But what would you expect from an alcoholic, former Hunger Games victor? We all take seats at the kitchen table. Haymitch waves a hand in our direction. "OK. Talk." "We're pregnant!" Peeta practically squeals. Haymitch blinks once, then again before looking between us. My eyes search his, almost as if waiting for his approval. I'm the last to admit it, of course, but Haymitch is the closest thing I have to a father. Peeta would confess such a thing more readily, probably because he's the morally superior one in our little trio. At last, Haymitch's eyes fall on Peeta. "You son of a bitch," he says quietly, but the smile cannot retreat from his face. He stands up and shakes Peeta's hand. "Never thought she'd get into bed willingly with you, boy! Hurrah! I was sure that one day-" "Now, wait a minute!" I try and clarify, half-offended, half-amused. "You know why we waited…" "You mean, why you waited," Haymitch counters with a smirk. "He was ready to fornicate like rabbits with you just months after coming back to Twelve!" Peeta blushes furiously. Then, strangely, the smile disappears from Haymitch's face. He picks up a half-empty bottle of Schnaps and stares at it wistfully. "I guess this is goodbye, old pal," he sighs. "What do you mean?" I ask curiously. Haymitch lets out another long breath and sits down. "I made a deal with myself several years ago: when you two got pregnant, I would strop drinking: permanently." Peeta gives a little laugh. I know what he's thinking. A Haymitch without alcohol is not Haymitch at all. "You're joking." I say. "I never joke, sweetheart," he shoots back, staring at me seriously. "I said to myself, 'Haymitch, when there's a little Katniss or Peeta running around or whatever, what kind of mentor will you be if you just sit around drinking all day? You'll just be the crazy relative who is invited to Thanksgiving out of sympathy and drinks all the wine, that's what you'll be!'" Peeta roars with laughter at Haymitch's little soliloquy, but I shoot him a look. It's clear that Haymitch is definitely not joking. Haymitch looks to me. "I know you are both grown adults now; you do what you want. But, like it or not, I am still your guardian. I want to…." He falters and scowls. "What?" I press. He clears his throat. I squint at him in amazement. Is he crying? "I want to be a part of this family because I've earned it, not because you feel you owe me for what happened in the past. That is, if you'll have me." His voice cracks a little in odd places. I realize right then and there that that is the closest Haymitch will ever get to saying 'I love you' to either Peeta or me. Peeta smiles gently and takes Haymitch's hand. "You've already earned a place in this family… whether you like it or not" my husband adds, turning Haymitch's words back on him. I smile too, get up and circle the table. I kiss Haymitch's temple. He harrumphs in response. "Silly man. Of course we'll have you. And yes, we owe you… for everything." A small smile creeps back onto Haymitch's face. "So, what am I now, sweetheart? 'Grandpa Haymitch'?" "Only if you want to be," Peeta says delicately; he's more sensitive about Haymitch's feelings on age than I am. "'Uncle Haymitch' works just as fine.'" "No," Haymitch deflects with a wave. "Might as well get used to getting old now. Grandpa Haymitch…. actually has a nice ring to it. I'd like that very much." He stares back at the empty bottles around him. "Can't believe I'm going to do this," he admits, shaking his head. "But, I am a man of my word…. for the most part." He sighs. "Why do I get the feeling you two are going to be the death of me?" "Don't say that, Haymitch!" I chide, actually prepared to do something I don't do well, and that is expressing my feelings. But before I can, I see Peeta trying to bite back a laugh. "What?" I ask, both concerned and annoyed at his response. "I…. I kind of thought we already were!" Peeta finally blasts out. He cracks up. After a moment, Haymitch and I start to giggle, and before long we are practically falling out of our chairs in laughter. Nine months later, I am starting to regret thinking that having a baby was a good idea. I lie on my back for many hours, pushing, sweating and screaming with Peeta holding my hand. At long last, the baby comes out. A healthy little boy. Peeta and I name him Eric. I look into Peeta's eyes and we smile. 14 years of recovering after the war had been worth it, all of it, for this moment. Just then, we hear a commotion outside. Next minute, we hear a familiar voice: "I'll sign in, Soldier Cruxson, after I've seen my children! Now back off if you know what's good for you!" Haymitch now stumbles in, as though he has been sprinting hard, trying to push his way through the sea of doctors already cleaning my baby. I wipe at my eyes, hiding the fact that I about melted when I heard him refer to Peeta and me as his 'children.' "Excuse me, out of the way, adopted – grandfather coming through. That would be me," Haymitch growls as he nudges his way past the last few doctors. "And you," he quips, looking to Peeta, "Make sure I'm not halfway across the district on errands when she has the next one – you damn near gave me a heart attack!" Peeta puts his hands up in surrender. "You know I have no control when she goes into labor, but-" he chuckles, "I'll try to remember that!" Haymitch now gets his first real look at Eric Thomas Mellark. The nurse even lets him hold the baby. They both look so cute together, and Haymitch looks his best in years, even decades. He kept his promise, by hook or by crook, on the alcohol withdrawal. It was hard in some places, but he has not touched a single bottle in nine months, ever since Peeta and I told him we were expecting. If he keeps it up the next several years, the specialist said, he just might be cured. Watching surrogate grandfather and grandson together brings a new wave of tears to my eyes. "I know," says Peeta, giving my hand a squeeze. "I wish I had a camera." Our little family is complete. It's a beautiful summer's day in the Meadow beyond District 12. I sit on a picnic blanket and watch my family scramble about, preparing for today's activity. My family organized a race today out in the fields, using some of our family pets. My 8-year-old daughter Clementine is riding our dog, Copper, while Peeta is riding our small donkey, Mustang (I didn't name him that; Eric did!) My 11-year-old son – God bless him – is going to try and ride the largest goose in Haymitch's herd, whom he took to calling Heavensbee after hearing Peeta and I mention Plutarch's name once. So far, the riders and their steeds are not getting along. Everyone keeps going around in circles trying to get behind the starting line. "Everybody out of my way!" I hear little Clementine yell. I laugh. "All right, everybody, here are the rules!" Haymitch calls from my left. "You are all to cross the meadow, pass through the hole in the electrical district fence, then circle the large birch tree just beyond three times and here to the finish." Mustang lets out several brays as he tries to buck my husband off him. Peeta hangs on, however. "And now, ladies and gentlemen, to the winner: this gorgeous plate of cheese buns cooked by our resident baker, Peeta Mellark, which all of us will eat! And serving as our official moderator: the lovliest lady of District 12, the Mockingjay of the canton!" He playfully bows in my direction before handing me my bow and arrows. Suddenly, Mustang begins to take off, with Peeta desperately hanging on. It seems that Haymitch's carefully prepared race is about to spiral out of control. "I guess we're starting! Quick, Katniss, fire!" I shoot an arrow skyward, the whoosh of its path signaling that the race has begun. The riders take off. All make it across the meadow, but upon reaching the hole in the fence, Heavensbee takes off alongside it and not through the hole. "No, Heavensbee wait!" I hear Eric call as he starts to slip off. "Let me get on, girl, give me a chance!" He remounts her. Meanwhile, Peeta and Clementine have made it through the hole in the fence. "Good boy, Mustang!" I hear Peeta yell. Next second: "Hey!" Mustang seems to laugh with his brays as my husband is thrown head over heels off at last. Clementine passes him on Copper. Peeta quickly remounts Mustang and overtakes her. "Now, we're going to win!" he crows. But he speaks too soon, for Mustang suddenly bucks him off again just as they reach the birch tree – this time into a small pond. "It's no use if you can't stay on him, Daddy!" Clementine laughs as she circles the birch tree three times and makes for home. The race now dissolves into chaos: Peeta desperately trying to pull a stubborn Mustang out of the pond, Clementine now heading across the meadow again, and poor Eric on Heavensbee's back literally going around in circles by the fence. "Straight that way, Heavensbee! No, the other way! No, the other way! Oh, I give up!" he growls at last as he slips off a second time. Haymitch and I watch Clementine's approach. "Quick, Katniss, the tape!" We unfurl a band of tape as Clementine draws closer. Meanwhile, Peeta has succeeded in at least jogging alongside Mustang back towards home, while Eric is at the end of his rope. "I'm going to ride you if it's the last thing I… do!" He succeeds in jumping back on Heavensbee and lets out a yelp of victory, waving his hat. He steers his ride clumsily towards the tape, which Clementine has now crossed, coming in a distant third behind his father. We laugh and cheer, before heading home to the Victors' Village to eat our cheese buns as part of dinner. That night at the table, we are eating quietly, sharing jokes and laughing about our fun day. Suddenly, Clementine looks up from her plate and asks, "Daddy? What's the Hunger Games?" Haymitch, Peeta and I freeze. We all exchange glances, before Haymitch clears his throat. "What makes you ask, Clementine?" "Yesterday in school, we had a lesson on the History of Panem. Our teacher started talking about the Hunger Games, but the bell rang before she could explain exactly what it was." "Well, little one, the Games, they were….." Haymitch pauses, trying to find the most comfortable way to explain fights to the death to an 8-year-old. "They were a competition that happened every year." I'm glad he keeps it vague, but