Authors note: this is my first time really trying to write a fan fiction I may add more if enough people read this one who knows review if you want I really don't care rated M just to be safe please excuse all spelling errors I don't always catch my mistakes anyway you came here to read a story so hear ya go. Katniss just sat there in shock as to what she had just seen the president of the United States had been assassinated. Katniss thought as she sat on the couch. "Well it's getting late and I have to fly out to Langley air force base tomorrow to get my next contract" Katniss said to herself as she glanced at the clock. So with that she stood up and started to head upstairs when she heard a knock at the door so she went to see who it was two men in black suits stood there both obviously F.B.I. by their failed attempts to hide their badges and guns. "Can I help you agents with anything" Katniss asked rather nervous as to why they were here? "Miss Everdeen?" The taller man said in a very deep voice. "Yes" Katniss answered cautiously somewhat afraid of the tall mans deep voice and hulking biceps. " I'm agent Hawthorne this is agent Mellark we're from the F.B.I. were here on a matter of national security do you recognize this rifle he held up a pristine barrette 50 cal." "Yes that's mine it was stolen about a week ago." she said. "How did you find it" she asked feeling slightly relieved her rifle had been found? She gave the men a small smile as she invited them in. can I get you gentlemen something to drink Katniss said as she poured herself a glass of red wine and sat down in front of the two silent men. Is there a problem she asked as she took a drink of her wine? "Miss Everdeen?" The smaller man said in a suspicious voice "you are under arrest for the assassination of the president of the United States." " Excuse me are you accusing me of shooting the president!" Katniss exclaimed very angry that they just accused her of shooting the one of her best friends. " ." the smaller man said while slowly reaching for his service weapon. But Katniss knew what was coming and already had the desert eagle she kept in the desk out and pointed at the agents who now had their service weapons aimed at her it was obvious these agents had no idea how to use a gun because they left the safety on. "Ms. Everdeen put down the weapon" the smaller man said obviously scared. "No way" Katniss said pulling the trigger. And two gunshots rang out and the FBI agents fell to the ground bleeding out their shoulders. "You're lucky I don't kill unless I'm paid to" Katniss spat out as she walked over and kicked there service weapons away from them. " You are going to have to find me if you want to arrest me" Katniss laughed as she grabbed her rifle four cases of armor piercing ammo and a few grenades before opening the door and walking out Katniss laughed "by the way you left the safety on on your guns" she laughed out. As she exited the house and got in her armored humvee she heard police sirens and sped out of the drive way as fast as she could due to the armored plating covering the car. 4 hours later Ding ding ding Katniss heard the fuel alert go off she couldn't refuel in the city because she was a wanted criminal. "I guess I should stop and refuel" Katniss thought as she approached the gas station and pulled up to the pump. She inserted the nozzle and swiped her card which was denied "damn" she thought as she tried to figure another way to get gas. Then she heard a very familiar voice inches from her ear "what's a pretty girl like you doing out here" the voice purred and swiped her card in the machine. "Running from the law" Katniss said as she turned around relieved to see her x-girlfriends face once again after so many years she had quit the CIA after they broke up. "Why is there a problem?" she asked in her very sexy voice. That's when Katniss realized Cressida was wearing her CIA badge and service weapon "are you here to arrest me?" Katniss asked in a sad tone. "Katniss the agency sent me to get you they know you didn't kill the president." Cressida said. "What how do they know?"Katniss asked extremely happy her friends still believed in her. "Your tracker in your neck was at your house when it happened." Cressida replied with a smile even though they broke up five years ago she still loved Katniss's beautiful smile and seeing her happy made her feel nice. "Come on we need to get going Johanna and director terra are waiting down in Miami air force base for us." Cressida stated in a serious tone. That was all Katniss needed. As soon as the car was refueled Katniss took the driver's seat and Cressida got in the passenger's seat as they set out for Miami air force base. 2 hours later Just as the sun began to peek over the horizon turning the sky the most beautiful shades of pink, purple and orange They arrived at Miami air force base and were guided to a very big hanger with a midnight blue sr-721 thunderhawk in it standing near it were Katniss's friend Johanna Mason and her her boss the C.I.A. director whom she only knew by the code name of coin. Katniss couldn't help but stare at Johanna's beautiful shoulder length black hair that fell over over her shoulder in the most gorgeous black waves. As they approached the two women Johanna turned around and squealed with glee as she ran and tackled Katniss to the ground in a very happy hug. The three women and their boss spent most of the day catching up while they prepared to leave the country while things settled down. After the blackbird was fueled and cleared for takeoff. The three girls thanked their boss and boarded the plane. The inside was quite nice for a military plane Katniss could tell it was redesigned because in the cockpit the pilot and co-pilot chairs were now connected to form a two person couch there were also three beds on the left side of the room as you entered. And the weapons console had been removed and replaced with a standard wireless desktop. Katniss was pulled out of her thoughts by a sudden jolt and realized the plane was already in the air so she decided to take a nap. (Katniss's dream) I glance and I'm in the forest the same one were my family was killed 15 years ago as I enter a clearing I see a young 11 year old me comes bursting out of the bushes. And then it happens two gunshot ring out as two dark shadows fall through the bushes but the instead of my mother falling to the ground I see Johanna I scream and blackout. (Back to reality) "I should probably wake her" Johanna thought as she watched her friend toss and turn in her sleep. She had been standing there a good ten minutes watching her friend sleep she had come up to get her for her turn to fly but as she had entered the room she had heard a scream. And now she was afraid to wake her for fear of her freaking out and getting shot. Katniss was jolted awake by the feeling of someone shaking her shoulder by instinct Katniss jumped up and went for the berretta 9mm she kept under her pillow but then Katniss realized who woke her up and calmed down a bit and started to cry which was unusual for her since she had trained to feel no pain or regret so she never cried but for the first time in fifteen years she did. As Johanna stood there she realized that Katniss had begun to cry Johanna couldn't stand seeing her best friend cry so on instinct Johanna closed the space between them and hugged Katniss. Katniss was stunned for a second but when she could move again she wrapped her arms around Johanna and pulled her closer so that their bodies were so close she could feel Johanna's heartbeat begin to race and could see her face flush red with embarrassment. "Johanna."Katniss said in a shy voice. "Yeah" Johanna said as she looked down. Just before Johanna could ask what's wrong she felt Katniss press her lips to her own and it was as if the entire world slowed to a standstill. Johanna was stunned she had wanted to kiss Katniss since they first met but she couldn't believe it was actually happening. As she regained feeling she became aware of a few things. One was that Katniss had somehow removed both their shirts, two they were now lying on the bed with Katniss pinning Johanna to the mattress and gently snaking her lips lower nipping and biting at the exposed skin covering Johanna's neck and collarbone. Just before Katniss got to Johanna's sky blue bra Cressida's voice came over the intercom "guys you should get up here were just about to deactivate stealth mode" "ugggggggh", came Katniss's frustrated reply as she grabbed her shirt and pulled it over her head, just before Katniss left the room she turned to Johanna with a flirtatious grin and purred "we'll continue this later" and with that she left the room. As Katniss entered the cockpit she saw they were just approaching there first safe house witch happened to be in Paris they would have three days to relax while the plane refuled. Then they would head for Russia. Katniss was brought out of her thoughts by the cockpit doors sliding open as the smell of Johanna's pine tree shampoo washed into the cockpit. It was obvious she had taken a shower before coming into the room as her hair was still wet and the droplets of water left on her skin glistened in the light of the rising sun this made her look even more beautiful than normal Katniss turned away when Johanna turned and saw her staring. Johanna could see Katniss flush bright red when she got caught staring she loved the way Katniss looked when she got caught she loved the way her blush crept up her face tuning her the cutest shade of pink she also loved how she would try and turn away to cover it up. She loved the fact that even in times of extreme crisis this beautiful angel of a woman could keep so calm and focused. After the plane had landed and the girls had gone to find a hotel to stay at After renting two rooms and ordering dinner Katniss decided to take a shower about five minutes past and she heard Johanna come in she smiled and laughed as she heard Johanna rummaging through her stuff trying to find something about twenty minutes after Johanna left Katniss heard a knock and room service entered with a typical American meal of steak, fries, biscuits and some of the finest red wine they had now that she could access her bank account. Money wasn't an issue and she wanted to surprise Johanna with a nice dinner since they had gotten interrupted earlier. So she tipped the man and set the table. Just as she lit the last candle she heard the door swing open and heard Johanna call her name "in the dining room." Katniss called out as she poured two glasses of wine and sat down. Johanna entered the dining room and found it had been