SM owns. This is my entry for the Text From Last Night Contest. It tied for 3rd place public vote. I hope you like it. Thank you to Marly from EBS for beta'ing and LovelyBrutal for pre-reading. And no, I have no plans of expanding it. Sorry. " In a perfect world, you could fuck people without giving them a piece of your heart." Neil Gaiman. ~ "I've seen you around," he said. The look on his face was predatory. She squirmed under his green-eyed stare. She nodded. "I'm a student at NYU," she said, looking at his beer bottle. He had been tracing the bottle with his index finger, and the cuff of his dark shirt looked wet. She stared at it. "So you're a minor," he said, looking away from her before taking a gulp from his beer. She shook her head. "I'm 21," she said, shouting above the noise. He looked back to her, and she stumbled back, suddenly unprepared to be that close to him. His eyes were so intense. The green color of them was alluring. He studied her, starting with her face, then following the contours of her body with his gaze. Her breath hitched. She felt warm, as if he had been touching her. She'd seen him around. He was a social studies professor who specialized in supervising dissertations. He had a master's degree in sexual and couples' therapy, and a reputation of being adventurous when it came to sex. The fact that he said he'd seen her made her feel important. She had been trying all night to walk up to him. "You're not 21," he said and turned his back to her. She knew that would be his answer. Along with all the other things that got around about him, he was known for not messing around with non-legal-drinking-age partners. Not that he had been seen around with anyone in a long time. But it was just one of those things everyone who cared to know about him, knew. She'd once heard that watching Mr. Cullen paint someone's body with welts was like a religious experience. That he was ruthless, but so worth it. Feeling desperate to keep his attention, she touched his shoulder. He stiffened. "You're right. I'm not," she said, inching closer to him. "But I could be. For a night. Just a night." She looked right at him, not breaking their gaze, even as she whispered the words. She knew she sounded desperate, but she was past the point of caring. She had spent an entire year lusting after him, hiding in the crowds to get a chance to look at him. Slowly, he turned around and grabbed her wrist. He pulled her closer to him. She gasped. "What's your name?" he asked. The commanding tone of his question made her shiver. This was exactly why she wanted him. "Isabella Swan," she said, and her voice didn't shake like her insides did. "I'm Edward Cullen," he said. Isabella nodded. "I know who you are." He tightened his grip on her hand. "Do you, now?" His smirk made him look even more attractive—it made him look like sin. It did things to her. "I want to," she whispered. He didn't say anything for a moment, just holding her wrist and staring at her. She bit her lip and fidgeted under the scrutiny. "Please," she said. He took a deep breath and nodded. "Come with me," he said, letting go of her wrist and making a beeline for the door. She followed him, falling a few steps behind. Her heart was racing. She couldn't hear anything but the thump of her heartbeat. Once outside, he got into a black car with a chauffeur, who was waiting for him. She hesitated before joining him. Was she really going to do it? Was she finally going to get what she wanted? It was a scary notion. People were always talking about how terrifying getting what one wanted could be. Flashbacks of her last lover—so inadequate, so weak—made her get in. She knew Edward Cullen wasn't going to be weak. He would be powerful and strong. He would make her body sing under his orders. It would be hard, maybe, surviving his demands. But she was certain she would thrive. "One night," he said when she settled in the back seat. "One night," she echoed. Deep down, she didn´t believe it would be just one. He looked troubled, as if he thought it was a bad idea to be with her. Maybe he didn´t believe it either. She wanted to assure him she wasn't a crazy teenager looking to score a sugar daddy. No, that's not what it was. She was a girl in need of physical pain and pleasure. She was an addict in need of a fix. And if what she had heard about Edward Cullen was true, he was the best provider in town. "Tell me what you want," he said when they entered his apartment. At least, that was what Isabella thought. She had no way of knowing if this was where he lived. She trembled while he watched her—not in fear, but anticipation. "Whatever you want. Anything you ask of me," she said, sure of herself. He shook his head. "That's an excellent attitude, but it's dangerous. We don't know each other. One wrong move and I could break you." She took in deep breaths, understanding. "I want to submit to you. I want to have you inside me," she said, longing, as if that was her whole reason for existing. "I want to feel owned by you." He took a moment before walking closer to her. When she thought he was going to touch her, he walked past her and sat down on a leather couch. "Strip," he said, touching his lower lip. She took another deep breath, closed her eyes, and started to undress. It was a slow process, and he settled in, looking comfortable while devouring her with his eyes. Once naked, she lowered her eyes and waited. "You know what to do," he said. "Who trained you? Answer me." "My high school boyfriend," she said. "How old was he?" "25." He nodded. "You like older men," he said. "I do." "How old are you? The truth." "I'm 19." He didn't ask her anything else for what felt like a long time. She was aware of her naked state, but she didn't complain. She didn't do anything but wait. As he watched her, her heartbeat picked up. Her body craved his touch. She watched his hands, how strong they looked. She thought about how much pleasure they could probably give her. It was the most arousing thing in the world, just watching his hands, just thinking about his touch. Until at last, he stood up and walked up to her. He started tracing a line down her neck, her breasts, until he entered a finger inside her and found her wet. "I'm 30," he whispered in her ear. She shivered. "So let your mind run wild with the fantasy. I'll make it happen." He fucked her with his fingers until she panted. "Please," she begged. There was nothing but need in her voice. Before she could come, he stepped away, chuckling. He cleaned his hand with a handkerchief and sat back down on the couch. "Finish," he said. With trembling hands and labored breath, she did. Her orgasm wasn't as strong as it would've been if it had been him touching her. But it was better than the ones she'd given herself before. He was in front of her, after all, watching with intense green eyes and a wicked smirk. "Good girl," he praised. "Thank you," she said, biting back her desire to call him master, or sir. He hadn't specified what she should call him. "Put your clothes back on. You're dismissed." She blinked several times, not sure she had heard him right. Before she could ask him what he meant, he was gone, locked in a room at the end of the hall. Feeling used and ashamed, she got dressed and left. It was impossible to pay attention in classes the next day. He was distracted. Isabella Swan's naked body haunted his thoughts. What the hell was he thinking? He had never gotten involved with a student before, much less one who was still in her teen years. But there had been something different about her. She was timid, yet bold. She seemed to fear him a little, yet it didn't stop her from asking for what she wanted. As soon as she left, he did some research. It turned out her trainer happened to be Garrett White, a well-known S&M club owner. They had even shared a partner once a few years ago. One phone call was all it took for Edward to have the basic information about Isabella Swan. From the whispers around town, everyone knew he only played at the S&M clubs. That was how they knew what he was capable of. No one had caught his attention long enough for him to take them to his place. Isabella Swan had. Her brown hair, her pearl-white skin, and her full lips seemed to hypnotize him. He couldn't say no to her. "Professor Cullen," Isabella said from the door. He got up in an instant, shocked to see her standing there, even though deep down he knew she would look for him. She was wearing a black skirt, a white shirt, stockings and boots. She looked like one of his most secret fantasies: a regular girl. If she wanted to, she could get lost in the crowd. There was an off chance people would guess she had fingered herself for him the night before. And that was exactly what he loved. She was the perfect pretense of a regular girl. But he knew better. And that knowledge gave him a rush of power he couldn't compare. He got high on the feeling. "What are you doing here?" he asked, annoyed and aroused at the same time. Edward waited until she answered, but it took a while. She seemed wary of answering him. Before he noticed, she had stepped inside his classroom and closed the door behind her. "I… I need to know what happened last night," she said. Her voice shook, and it pained him. He hadn't meant to scare her. God knew how humiliated she must have felt after touching herself in front of him; that was such an intimate thing to do. He had played her, knowing she wanted him, losing himself on her attention and desire. He'd taken advantage of her need. Edward cleared his throat and fixed his tie before answering her. "Last night was poor decision-making on my part. And I'm very sorry. It won't happen again," he said. She started shaking her head, not accepting his excuse. With confident strides, she walked closer to him. He stood still, waiting until she reached him. She stared at him, and her gaze made him feel weak. "Don't say that, Professor Cullen. I can do better. I can be… whatever you need me to be," she said. Isabella sounded so willing. He could practically taste her lust. He took a step forward, invading her personal space. She took a deep, shocked breath at his proximity. "You don't know what you're asking for, little girl," he said. "I know what I want," she said, not backing down. He admired her bravery. He could see her hands shaking. He could tell it wasn't easy for her. He pulled on her hair. She gasped, and the sound, so innocent and young, made him harder than he already was. There seemed to be no darkness in her. The world hadn't gotten to her yet. Edward wanted to drink that essence. He bit her neck, loving the way she grasped at his forearms to keep upright. With controlled force, he made her kneel