Emile couldn't believe what was happening. After two years of begging, nagging, and endless fighting, she was finally leaving home. She was finally going to a proper school, the finest wizarding school in the world as a matter of fact, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. She looked to her left at her father, Peter Gorski. A tall, buff man who spent his time gambling away his money and drinking the house dry. Though I suppose if your wife left you with a newborn child and ran off with another man, you would be a mess too. Emile let out a sigh. Her dark haired guardian could turn his life around if he wanted too, he had attended the finest Muggle University in Britain and had graduated top of his class. Now he lived in his ex-wife's brothers basement, not that Emile minded too much. The Diggory family had been kind to her the past four years they had occupied their living space, her cousin Cedric had been the one to convince her father that homeschooling both muggle and magic subjects didn't seem to be working out. She smiled nervously at her cousin who was sitting in the backseat. He returned the smile, but he didn't look as nervous as she did. Not that he needed to be, it was his third year there and being the charming looker he was he had a solid group of pals he could rely on. "Well, here we are children, Kings Cross." Peter announced as he pulled up by the station entrance. He smiled sadly at his daughter as she leaned across the car and pecked him on the cheek. "Do Widzenia Tato," she whispered and exited the car. He smiled as she closed the door, Emile knew he was proud of her for learning to speak fluent Polish even after they had had to leave his homeland. She looked around to see that Cedric had already taken their trunks out and was waiting for her by the entrance to the station. "Ready to go in, youngling?" he teased as she loaded her trunk onto a trolley. "Youngling?!" Emile scoffed. "We're the same age you git." Cedric laughed and punched her lightly in the shoulder. She glanced at the clock on their way down to the platform and was concerned to see they were half an hour early. She gave Cedric a quizzical look. "Ah now look here my inexperienced pupil, when you arrive early you are more likely to get a good compartment," he smiled and broke into a run, disappearing into a column on their right. Emile grinned, she had heard all about the entrance to platform 9 ¾. She ran towards the column, bracing herself for the inevitable crash, only to find herself on another platform entirely. She looked up at the beautiful steam engine in front of her, a white haze surrounded it and fogging up her glasses. She walked over to Cedric, who was waiting for her by one of the cars. "Listen some of my friends are already on and they've got a compartment reserved for us, so i'll see you later alright?" Cedric didn't wait for a response, he simply smiled and ran off further down the train. Emile stood in silence as she watched her cousin board the train with a pretty dark-haired girl. It had been foolish to hope he would invite her over with them, but she had allowed small part of herself to hope. With a shrug Emile pulled her trunk onto the train and hauled it into an empty compartment. She slid the door shut and took out her favorite pillow and blanket from her carry on bag, a small mokeskin pouch her grandfather had given her before passing away. An undetectable extension charm had been placed on it so she used the pouch quite often when going on trips. With a sigh she lay down across the bench and closed her eyes, prepared to finally have a dreamless sleep. When Emile awoke the sky outside was dark. She sat up groggily, arching her back into a stretch before she realized someone was coming into the compartment. "Pardon me, i'm looking for a toad," a bushy haired girl said as she glanced around the nearly empty compartment. "A toad?" Emile asked groggily, still unsure of what was going on. "Yes, a boy named Neville's lost one," the young girl explained while kneeling down to check under the seats. "Neville?" Emile sat up, alert at once. "Neville Longbottom?" "Yes I think so," came a muffled response from beneath the bench. "Do you know him?" she asked, standing back up. "I've heard of him…" Emile stared absentmindedly out the window. "Well, i'd better keep searching," said the girl after a moment. "And i'd suggest you change into your robes, I expect we'll be arriving soon." she walked out of the compartment, looking back before closing the door. "Pleasure to meet you , um?" It took Emile a moment to realize that she was talking to her. "Oh! Emile, Emile Gorska." "Nice to meet you Emile. And I'm Hermione Granger." With that, Hermione closed the compartment door and continued on to down the train. Emile wrapped the blanket around her tightly and let out a shudder. She didn't want to see Neville again. She couldn't face him after what had happened to her, well their mother. With a sigh she got up and drew the curtains to the compartment to change into her robes. As she took off her usual clothes she heard laughter out in the hall. It was coming closer and closer. "Come on, Fred, I think this one's empty!" she heard a laugh outside and saw the knob on her compartment door turn. Emile let out a scream and grabbed her blanket from the chair, quickly wrapping it around her nude body. "Don't come in you bastards!" she shouted, cursing in her head. How could she have forgotten to lock the door? She was so stupid, stupid stu- "Bloody hell!" came a cry from the hall and the compartment door was quickly shut. "Well now you've done it George, just couldn't keep your hands to yourself now could you?" a muffled snicker came from outside. "Just drop it, Fred," came a mumbled response from the one called George. Emile took a deep breath and leaned against the compartment wall. "I'm really sorry about that," She said through the door. "I forgot to lock the door." "No, no, we should have knocked first," came the response. "We? Don't drag me into this." "Shut it, Fred." Emile smiled inside the compartment as she struggled to hold the blanket up with one hand and lock the door with the other. "You boys can go now, I'm not inviting you back in." she called in what she hoped came off as a teasing voice. Apparently it worked because they laughed and soon the hall was quiet again. Goosebumps were forming on her skin as she dressed in her school robes. They hadn't even arrived at school yet and she was already messing things up. She hoped that she didn't end up in the same house as those two, that would be horrid. They were probably sitting with a group of friends telling them all about the naked new girl. Emile stood up with a sigh as the train pulled up to the Hogsmeade station. Looking out the window she could see the many shops in the town; she had gotten her permission slip signed and simply couldn't wait to visit. As she exited the train she heard someone calling her name. Cedric was waving her over to one of the carriages, he was with the same black haired girl as earlier and a curly haired blonde. "Emile! Over here!" the black haired girl called excitedly. Cedric was smiling at her in a goofy way and Emile couldn't help but smile too. As she climbed into the horse drawn carriage she looked over at Cedric expectantly. "Oh, yes." He grinned nervously at her. "Emile, this is Cho Chang," he said, indicating to the black haired girl who proceeded to aggressively shake hands with Emile, "And Marietta Edgecomb." The curly haired blonde smiled and nodded at Emile, who shyly smiled back. "We were looking all over the train for you earlier!" Cho said excitedly. "After Cedric told us how he'd left you, I was furious because he talks about his cousin all the time and I really wanted to meet you, but no he left you behind to go talk up Quidditch with the boys and that was not ok so Marietta and I went looking for you but you were sleeping in your compartment and we didn't want to disturb you…" Cho rambled on while Emile nodded and pretended to listen to her; she personally didn't care for girl talk but Cho certainly did and she definitely kept them all entertained with her impressions of Cedric on their way up to the castle. As they exited the carriage and made up to the castle Emile realized that she would need to take part in the sorting along with incoming first years, and she had no idea what she was supposed to do or where she was supposed to go. She turned to ask Cedric what he thought she was supposed to do she heard a cough behind her. "Miss Gorska if you'd be so kind as to follow me I am to take you to the headmaster's office where you will have a private sorting ceremony before we go the great hall." A tall dark haired man in black robes came out of the shadows and beckoned her to follow him. "Yes, sir." Emile hurried after the tall figure, turning to wave goodbye to Cedric. They speed walked through the winding halls of the castle and stopped before a tall statue of a gargoyle. The strange man looked the statue it the eyes. "Sherbert Lemon." The gargoyle leapt aside, revealing a staircase that lead up. Emile's eyes widened and she swore she saw the dark man give a small smile at her surprise. They took the stairs two at a time and entered a large portrait and book filled room. An older man with a long beard looked up as they entered, Emile gasping for breath. She just did more exercise in the past five minutes than all of the previous week combined. "Ah, Severus," the older man smiled down at them. "I see you have found our new student." The dark haired man, Severus, nodded, picked up a book off the floor, and began to read. Emile looked at the bearded man, this had to be Dumbledore. "Well Emile, let's get started shall we?" Dumbledore said cheerfully. He pulled a dusty old hat off his shelf and walked over to where she was standing by the door. "This is the sorting hat," he explained. "It will decide which of the four hogwarts houses best suits you." Emile took the hat from Dumbledore and placed it on her head. Emile Victoria Gorska Holy fuck There's no need for that kind of language, maybe we ought to put you in Slytherin for your foul mouth. No, please, I really don't think that's necessary. You certainly have an acceptable mind but I don't think you ought to be put in Ravenclaw, they don't take a foul mouth lightly there. Based on your heritage I don't think you would find Slytherin all that delightful, so where to put you? My mother was in Gryffindor, but I'm scared of running into- Your half brother, I see Miss Gorska but I think that's what you need most to help you come to terms with the events of the past, and the future. Though Hufflepuff does seem to be the perfect fit, you need a challenge of some kind. Maybe things would turn out for the better this way... Emile sat still,