Disclaimer: I do not own the PJaTO franchise. A/N: It's been a while, huh? 6 months. It's been 6 months, since I have last written anything for the PJaTO fandom. This is for the Percico Positivity Project on tumblr. It is based on the theme, "Seasons". The summary is based on Project Colour by Darshana Suresh after-the-lonely on tumblr. Check out her work. She's an amazing writer and a lovely, lovely person! Summary: #E87F60 Terra Cotta 1. autumn sweeps in to wash away the remaining traces of summer and along with it, a little piece of me 2. i'm sorry , i'm sorry, i'm sorry, please tell me you need me, please tell me how i am, please, please, please 3. soft lips press in a sweet kiss, the slide of tongue silky and slow, not yet complete, i'm not complete, but it's enough, it's enough, i'm enough Or: Seasons change and Percy feels lost, but luckily, he has Nico there for him. A single leaf, brittle brown from the changing seasons, lands gracefully on the lake and causes small ripples to break the smooth surface. A breeze sweeps the leaf away from its mother tree and onto the shore, gently brushing against slender, tanned legs. Percy reaches over to pick up the leaf, a quarter of it crumbling when he lays it on his open palm. He finds himself captivated by its silent beauty. Just several months ago, he could have sworn that it was still colored with the greens of summer and strong against the onslaught of the wind. But now, the proof lies in his hand; fall is upon them. Everything that's vibrant and animated and effervescent becomes repurposed as the cold sets in. Autumn is swift in its arrival, washing away all signs of summer. Squirrels are already scurrying to hide their nuts for the impending winter, bears gorging themselves in preparation for hibernation. The signs are manifesting rather quickly and Percy's lost amongst all the change. Autumn sweeps in to clear away remnants of summer and Percy feels as if a part of him is caught in the current, withering away with the dead leaves. Several months (has it really been that long?) had passed since his ascendance from Tartarus and he's left with lingering feelings of loss. There's an emptiness deep in his sternum that pulses and aches like an open sore. Every summer, he comes to Camp Half-Blood and there's always something for him to do, a quest to complete, the world to save. For the first time, there's no immediate threat of the world ending, no prophecy he needed to fulfill. And, he feels empty. Training fills the chasm, but only slightly. It gives him something to do, gives him purpose. The dull ache thrumming through his body and the adrenaline rush that follows after an intense training session are still poor substitutes for the real thing. He misses the thrill, the feeling of sweat-slicked skin and bunched up muscles from exertion. But more than anything, he misses being needed . With a defeated sigh, he sets the leaf back onto the water and stands up. He stretches, a slight yawn escaping his lips, as the kinks in his muscles rights itself. "Percy!" He turns upon hearing Annabeth's voice. A lump forms at his throat as he takes in his ex-girlfriend's appearance. With her hair in its usual ponytail and her wearing the well-worn Camp Half-Blood shirt that's fading at the edges, she looks like the Annabeth he knew, the Annabeth he was intimately familiar tries not to look into her stormy gray eyes and fails miserably. It's not that he's still in love with her. He does love her, but only as a sister and nothing more. Even so, her steely eyes never cease to captivate him, venturing deep into his soul as if they knew very crevice. He feels compelled to spill his secrets, let it slip that Tartarus - no, not Tartarus, life - stole more than a piece of his humanity, and fill her insatiable curiosity. And, he almost falls for the temptation, but before the words are spoken, he holds himself back. She already has enough on her plate. Annabeth's relationship with Reyna is still new and shaky, like a fawn learning how to take its first steps, and he doesn't want to bother her with his demons. It's better if he deals with them on his own. So instead, he says, "What is it, wise girl?" The words feel wrong and sound strange with his voice, tired and resigned. "Dinner's starting soon," she says, noticeably more subdued as compared to before. She's playing with a loose strand of gold-spun hair, watching him with those all-seeing gray eyes. "I didn't see you at lunch, seaweed brain." Percy shrugs. "I wasn't hungry." That's only half the truth. Campers from other cabins aren't allowed to sit at another god's or goddesses' table, so it's lonely for a lone child of Poseidon, especially with Tyson away in Atlantis tending to Cyclops business. He has had enough of watching the other campers sit with their half-siblings and decides that it's better if he just eats in his cabin, where he doesn't have to be reminded of how utterly alone he was. It's strange and terrible that he could feel so lonely when he's surrounded by all the people he loved. "You need to eat, Percy," Annabeth murmurs and he thinks, Fuck, she's using the name card . Annabeth only addresses him with Percy when she's worried. Otherwise, it's 'idiot' or 'dumbass' or the ever so popular 'seaweed brain'. "It's not healthy." "I am eating," Percy protests, a frown tugging at his lips when her eyes flash with slight irritation. "Just not with the others." Annabeth shakes her head and releases a brief, but exasperated sigh. "You're going to eat in the Pavilion today." "What? Why?" "Nico, Reyna, and Jason are here to visit," she tells him, her eyes softening at the mention of Reyna. Percy, on the other hands, perks up upon hearing Nico and Jason's names. It has been a while since he has last seen the two of them after they split to go their separate ways, the two of them going to Camp Jupiter, while he makes his way back to Camp Half-Blood. "I guess I can go," he finally says and Annabeth beams. There's a tight feeling in his chest at seeing the smile and he pushes it down. He lets Annabeth tug him to the Pavilion, talking about how giddy she is to see Reyna, and he smiles. It's really cute how all her composure breaks when it comes to Reyna. "Slow down, wise girl," he says with a slight chuckle. "Reyna's not going anywhere." Annabeth reacts just as he expects - with embarrassment and denial. "Shut up, seaweed brain. I'm just glad that you're finally going to eat with us. That's all." He chuckles and lets it slide. A warm feeling bubbles up his chest, filling the void temporarily, and he's tricked into a sense of happiness once again. I can't wait to see Nico. He barely notices that his mind is late to add, and Jason. "Percy." The voice is silky smooth and it brings a shiver down his spine. "Nico, hey." Percy turns to look at the boy and blinks in surprise. Tall , that's the first thing he thinks when his eyes land on Nico. If he stands up, he probably only reaches to his collarbones now, rather than towering over him. Nico's wind-swept hair is less messy, stylishly tousled with a fringe falling into his eyes. It's endearing to see him sweep back the strands every once in awhile, only for it to fall back. Percy smiles softly as he meets Nico's eyes. They're as dark as he remembers, but the circles around his eyes are no longer as noticeable and his face seems brighter. Happier , his mind supplies. Nico looks happier. "Why are you sitting out here all alone?" Nico asks and Percy is pulled away from his musing. He looks around and realizes that he must seem terribly lonely, sitting by himself at the Poseidon table. He just shrugs. "Annabeth's with Reyna and Jason with Piper." His tone is curt and no matter how hard he tries, he sounds a little resentful. "And, she left you here alone?" Nico's tone is reproachful and Percy is quick to defend his best friend. "It's fine," he says dismissively. "She hasn't seen her girlfriend in a while. I don't mind. It's pretty much me these days." Nico seems surprised by this fact as he sits down at the Hades' table across from him. "Where's Tyson?" "He's in Atlantis leading the Cyclopes," Percy replies, "he comes back a couple times a month, so I'm not always alone." Nico's lips crease into a frown and Percy adds, "I'm fine, Nico. Don't worry about me." Nico doesn't seem convinced, but he backs off. "How have you been, Percy?" His eyes are staring into him, into his soul, and he can't look away. Percy's voice is caught in his throat, the lump from before coming back two-fold, as his lips part. He licks them, suddenly dry and chapped, before answering, "I-" Nico blinks slowly when he suddenly pauses and he tries his hardest to continue, but the words 'I've been great actually' stays on the tip of his tongue and the phrase, "I could be better" falls unbidden from his lips instead. "Percy? What's wrong?" Nico sounds even more worried and he knows he fucked up. "It's no-" "And, don't say it's nothing." Nico's eyes are swirling with a plethora of emotions as he keeps his gaze on Percy. He sighs and stands up to place his half-eaten sandwich into the fire as an offering to his dad. He walks back to Nico and tells him to follow. "Where?" "A quiet place to talk," Percy answers, refusing to meet his eyes. He doesn't know why he's going to tell Nico. He couldn't even tell Annabeth. Nonetheless, he is still heading towards his cabin, which edges along the ocean and overlooks the calm shores. It's where he holes himself these days, aside from the training area and a peaceful lake in the middle of the forest where Capture the Flag is held. "Nice place," comments Nico as he takes in the sight of seashells adorning the sea green walls that match the color of Percy's eyes. It's a beautiful cabin, mirroring the serenity of the waters outside, and Nico can't help but relax once inside. He sees how detailed the interior of the cabin is and knows that it was decorated with love. He notices that there are scattered articles of clothing left haphazardly on the floor. The cabin is definitely lived in, but Nico has a feeling that its sole occupant lives too much in the cabin and not enough anywhere else. Sitting down next to Percy, he swings his legs so they hang over the water and lets out a soft sigh. He stares up at the sky, seeing the scattered stars. "It's a beautiful place." "Thank you," Percy murmurs, looking out to the center of the water, where the water is darkest. "But, we're not here to talk about the scenery." Nico's eyes dart over to the older boy and he sees the dullness in Percy's eyes, the slightly crumpled way he sits. He remembers a time Annabeth showed him a picture of Percy, a bright-eyed camper (and not a world-weary hero) smiling into the camera with his arms around her and Grover. "No, we're not," he says, "But, I don't… I don't want to pressure you." He has already done enough damage as it is. Percy shook his head, swallowing thickly. He lifts his head to meet Nico's eyes. "No," he says, licking his lips nervously. "I… I trust you. I really do, but I'm not… used to going to other people