Chapter 1 - Clusterfuck "You know it's a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor." Anonymous Bella POV "Slow the fuck down Rose." I shouted. "Just shut up and hold on tight babe." This was a typical Bella and Rose day. We have been working in the St Kensington hospital for about a year. Both Rose and I moved out of Newham when we were 16 and went to college and got scholarships to the University of Oxford. I got mine for medicine and she got hers for business management and economics. We both graduated early and now here we are working in one of the most prestigious hospitals in London. I as a doctor and Rose as the head of the Pharmaceutical department. We had both been picking up extra shifts for the past year as Kensington did not suit us in the terms of money and Rose never settled for anything less than the best. We live in the eclipse apartments and yes we lived on the top floor as in the pent house. So we have to not only pay for one of the most wanted apartments in the whole of Kensington but also had to pay for our own extravagant needs. As you may have noticed we live life king size and nothing here in Kensington is cheap. So now here we are late again. This will be the fourth time this week and I doubt Dr Carmen would take a hangover as an excuse. Rosalie expertly parked the car and got out. We speed walked into the hospital, without getting noticed. "See you at lunch." Rose called as she headed towards her office. I walked to my office to find Dr Carmen standing at the door. She had a frown planted on her face. It seemed to be a permanent fixture these days. "I'm sorry I was-" I started to apologise She cut me off with a simple wave of the hand. "Get to the ER room now. I'll talk to you and Rose later." She said in her most stern don't fuck with me voice. I knew there was no point arguing. My best option now was to do as she told me. I half ran, half walked to the ER room. It didn't take long to change into my scrubs and get a quick update on the patient's health. There were about 5 nurses rushing around the ER room. There was one bitch that was hovering all over me. "Fucking move" I said "please" I added, giving her an innocent smile. That bitch of a nurse never failed to get on my nerves. The bitch just moved closer. I turned my attention back to the injured patient. I injected it with two doses of penosolin. "Who's going to be assisting me?" I asked one of the nurses. Please don't let it be Dr Pervert. "Dr James" the nurse said On cue in came Dr James fucking pervert, just my fucking luck. He gave me a smug grin before looking me up and down. We started working on the patient and every now and then his hands would brush mine. "Sorry," he said. Fucking sleazy creep I tried to keep my distance from him but he just made excuses to come closer. Soon, as the operation was over I left to change out of my scrubs before James could say anything. I went to the office to meet Rosalie. She was sitting at her desk working. Her glossy blonde hair was in a messy bun. She looked up from her laptop and smiled. "You look like fucking shit" she said "Right back atcha...anyways guess who I had to assist today?" "Let me guess sleazball" "Yeh...he never stops trying!" "Well, we have more important things to deal with right now." She says more seriously The door opens. Dr Carmen walks in. "Girls, come on, meeting at the conference room." "Err fuuuck," Rosalie said. "Girls, I mean it NOW!" "Duty calls" I said We left the room in silence following Dr Carmen. I looked at Rosalie. I could tell she was just as pissed as I was. We both knew that we weren't going to get home till after midnight. Everyone had taken their seats in the conference room. I sat at the far end next to Rosalie. I heard Rosalie groan in disgust, Of course, James was staring at our tits. That guy seriously has issues. Once everyone had quietened down, Dr Carmen, our head doctor, stood up at the front of the room. "Everyone, I have some bad news I have to leave for a couple of months. My husband has finally agreed to take me to that world tour that I have always been talking about" The room erupted with a bunch of oooh's and ahhh's. Her face turned bright red making everyone cheer louder. I heard Rose next to me do a wolf whistle. "Okay, shut up everyone" Dr Carmen shouted. "As I will be away my replacement would be Dr Carlisle Cullen. He happens to be one of the most prestigious doctors in London. He has very kindly agreed to replace me at my absence, I expect that all of you would be on your best behaviour towards him and please don't humiliate me. That's all I have to say. You may all leave." We all were all very surprised by the short meeting as normally it was so long that by the end of it we would've all been asleep. Everyone stood up and took their leave. "Hold on, Isabella, Rosalie. I'd like to have a word with you." Fuck fuck fuck...I knew it! We reluctantly took our seats. "Dr Cullen is a very powerful person. I just want to make it clear that you won't be able to skive off and come back whenever you wish without permission," "We don't just go off." Rosalie spat back. "Well, I want you to do as he says. And if I hear any complaints, you can kiss this job goodbye." "I can assure you we will be just fine." I said quickly before Rose could say anything stupid. She let out a sigh. "So, do you girls want to explain why you have been late 4 times in one week?" "Our dog died" Rose said quickly I looked at Rose and just raised my eyebrow. She just shrugged her shoulders. "So I assume that it's your dog that wakes you up in the morning, huh?" "No-" "Don't bother, just make sure it doesn't happen again." She cuts in "You may leave now and don't forget." We both got up and left the room. "Why did she have to leave now?" Rosalie asked "Guess we're back to square one with Dr Newbie" "Well, he has a dick so the job is pretty much half done" "Can we leave now? I'm fucking hungry" We got into Rosalie's black BMW. I sat on the passenger seat and studied the file I was given today. "Fucking cunt, for fuck sake!" Rosalie kept muttering. "What is it?" "The cunt there keeps cutting me" "Why don't you go around and overtake him" "It's not easy on this shit car" She flashed a wide grin before pressing on the accelerator. She was going above 200 now. She rolled down the window and stuck out her middle finger at the fucker who was trying to overtake her. "Fucking rich motherfuker" she shouted She drove past his sports car. She made a sharp turn causing me to slam on to the door. Fuck, after this hectic day this was the last thing I needed. I quickly put on my seatbelt. After a while she slowed down slightly. She parked the car and got out. We went inside the building. "Hey Prescott," I said as he opened the door for us "Bye Prescott," Rosalie said in her girlish manner. He blushed as we walked away. I went inside the apartment and crashed on the coach. Rosalie got the phone. "Chinese or Italian" "You know we've been eating takeout food for months. It's not healthy." "Okay Dr Swan. Do you want to cook?" "Chinese it is." I go to my room and took a quick shower and changed into my pyjamas, when I came back out the food had already arrived and Rosalie had already started eating. "Sorry couldn't wait." Rose said sheepishly We both sat down and started eating our noodles. I struggled slightly with my chopsticks. Even after months of Chinese I hadn't still gotten the hang of them. "I need to talk to you about our job tomorrow." Rosalie said sitting up straight "Erh, I'm so tired" "I know the amount work we have to do. I'm sure this is child labour" "Child labour?" "You know what I mean" "No one told you to have two jobs." "What's the fun in just one eh?" After Rosalie briefed me in the job, I went to my room and fell asleep almost instantly. Knock, knock, knock. "Rose, open the fucking door!" "You get it." She shouted back sleepily. I grudgingly got up and opened the door. "Oh hey Prescott" "Who is it?" Rose shouted She came and joined me at the door. "Hey Prescott" I saw Prescott blush. Even with our bed hair we still had a great effect on him and pretty much every other guy. "What is it?" I asked "Have you seen the time?" I glanced at the time. Fuck we were late again. I grabbed Rosalie's hand pushed her into the shower. "Thanks Prescott."I shouted I got into my shower. I grabbed my clothes and quickly got ready. "Rose, are you ready yet?" She came into my room in her 5 inch killer heels. She was wearing a tight white dress that empathised on her beautiful curves. Her long wavy blonde hair flowed perfectly down to her shoulders. She looked at me and gave me one of her perfect pouts that made guys go gaga over her. Even though she had dark circles under her icy blue eyes she still looked amazing. I looked into the mirror. I had dark circles under my grey eyes too. I was wearing a black body-con dress that showed sexy curves. My chocolate brown wavy hair was cascading down my c-cup breasts. I smiled in the mirror. We looked good even though we hadn't had a goodnight sleep for weeks now. "We look fucking hot!" Rosie said vainly. "I know come on let's go." We ran down to the lobby bumping into random people from the building. As we made a hurried exit out the door we heard Prescott let out a low whistle. Rosalie rushed to the car, and started moving before I barely got in. We were already half an hour late so Rosalie was zooming. She was already way past the speed limit. Man, this girl can drive. "Arghh, this car is so shit I really need to get me that Lamborghini aventador." Rosalie said. Now I wasn't much of a car person but even I know that car was way out of our league. The car came to a halt and she got out of the car. I saw that we were standing outside star bucks. "Really Rose?" "A girl's got to eat?" I smiled and followed her in. We got our coffee and muffin and left. Even with Rosalie's driving we reached the hospital an hour late. "You're late" James said. We walked past him ignoring him. "You're going to be in so much shit." The bitchy nurse said. I put out my leg causing her to trip. I gave her a smirk before walking on. "Girls, in my office," I turned around to see who it was. The man had dark brown shaggy hair and friendly blue eyes. He looked as if he was in his mid thirties but hell he could pass off as my older brother. He was well