Disclaimer: I don't own Edward and Bella, or the Beatles. Darn it! Hello everyone. This was my entry in the Beneath the Mistletoe contest. I've never entered a writing contest before. I didn't win anything, but I loved writing this story and it got my writing muse active again. There were some fabulous stories in the contest this year, so check them out. Enjoy. And for those of you who were hoping for a seeing Joy story, in the Seeing Bella universe, I just haven't come up with a plot. Sorry. Thanks to the wonderful Katmom for her beta work on this. Summary: A year ago, Edward left Bella when her Hollywood lifestyle got out of hand, and she wouldn't acknowledge Edward and their years-long relationship publicly in order to protect her career. He's waited a year for her to come back, and now it's Christmas Eve, their special time of year. Will he get the Christmas Miracle he dreams of? EPOV I looked at the clock, noting it was nearly six on Christmas Eve and definitely time to close. My last customer had left twenty minutes ago, and glancing out the window, I saw no cars or people moving along the street. "Might as well start cleaning up, and getting ready to close for the night," I said aloud. Thump. I laughed, looking to the spot where my golden retriever, Penny Lane, lay under one of the tables. She knew the words close up and was ready to go home. Everyone in town knew Penny and few customers refused to take a moment to give her a pat while waiting for their coffee drink of choice. "Yeah, Penn, I know you're ready for dinner. Let me get this place cleaned up and we'll go home. Then it's off to Grandma's." Esme, my mom, insisted on calling herself Grandma to my dog, and Penny knew Grandma was always good for an extra treat or two. Health code didn't allow me to have my dog behind the counter, of course, and she spent a great deal of time in my office in back, but when things were quiet, Penny would come out and lie under an empty table in front. Smiling, I grabbed the cleaning supplies and began wiping down tables. My coffee shop, Cullen's, was on the main drag in our sleepy little mountain village in Colorado. There were your typical tables and wooden chairs, along with some comfy oversized armchairs and a couple couches, spread out before a fireplace. Drawings and paintings from local artists hung on the walls. On this night, soft instrumental Christmas music played through the speakers. There was a piano in one corner, and sometimes, as the mood struck, I would play to entertain the customers. I often had local musicians play in the evenings, as well. I enjoyed bringing the local artists in and giving them this way of getting their work noticed. The door opened, letting in a blast of frigid air. "Welcome to Cullen's. I'm about to close, but the coffee is still hot. What can I get ya?" I turned toward the front and recognized my sister's best friend. "Hey, Janey, how are you?' "I'm good." She reached to hug me, rising on her toes to kiss my cheek. "Alice sent me. Do you know yours is the only place open on the whole street? Time to go home and get ready to go to your parents." I laughed. "Did Alice send you with that message?" She shrugged. "You know your sister. She was afraid you'd be pouting tonight, and she wanted you to remember you have family and friends who love you and want to see you on Christmas Eve." Frowning, I turned to go behind the counter to finish cleaning. "Look, Edward," Janey said, "she loves you and is worried about you. She didn't mean any harm. She doesn't want you to be sad this Christmas. After all, it's been a year." Sighing, I turned back to face her. "I know that. I really do. But there doesn't seem to be a time limit on broken hearts, cheesy as that may sound. Alice never had to experience it. She loved Jasper from the moment they met, and he felt exactly the same. She doesn't know what it's like." "She knows her brother is hurting, and that hurts her. And the rest of us." Janey sucked in a deep breath and looked at me. "We could be good together, if only you'd give it a try. I've known you practically all my life and love you to pieces. I could easily fall in love with you, if I just let myself go. It would be simple for us, like breathing. Maybe what you need to get over her is to let yourself consider getting involved with someone else. You know me, you know who I am, what I think, and where I stand. You know you can trust me not to do the things she did." I walked back around the counter and took her hands in mine. "Janey . . ." Pausing, I tried to find the right words. "You're a great friend. You're funny and smart, loving and beautiful. If my heart was free to love anyone else, I could see me falling for you. But my heart as been taken for a long, long time. You know that. Alice knows that. You don't deserve to be second best. I could say sure, let's try it, but it wouldn't be fair. Because it's always been B—" I broke off. I hadn't said her name in months. If I did now, the pain would tear me apart, and I didn't want that. Not tonight. "I know. It's always been Bella for you. I thought maybe by now you might be getting over that." The pain came, crashing over me like a wave. I closed my eyes, waiting as the memories flowed through me, the memories I tried so hard to keep locked away. ~!~!~!~!~!~ I was a sophomore in high school when my dad accepted a position of Chief of Emergency Medicine at a local hospital, and we moved from Washington State to Colorado. Dad, Mom, my sisters Alice and Rosalie, and me. I was always the quiet one. I mean, let's face it, I was a geek. I'd rather have my face in a book than be out playing sports. I could play, I just didn't enjoy it, unless it was something like track. But I loved things like Star Wars and Star Trek, Tolkien and Douglas Adams. My favorite band was the Beatles, and I'd been teased about that quite a bit. So, I was nervous about starting at this new school. I wasn't really shy, but I wasn't outgoing, either. I was happiest on my own or with the people I knew best. The first morning went well, but at lunch, the troops descended, and I was bombarded with questions. "Where'd you come from?" "Do you play football?" "Is that your sister?" "Do you wanna go out with me?" "Knock it off!" A girl with long brown hair shoved her way into the group. "Geesh," she said, "let the poor guy breathe. And eat. He's not a new toy after all." Turning to me, she put out her hand. Her smile was warm, making me feel warm, too. Her brown eyes drew me in. I guess I fell at that very moment. "Hi, I'm Bella swan. You must be Edward Cullen. I met your sister already. Don't let the gang overwhelm you. They're like a pack of hounds when a new kid starts here. After all, we've all known each other all our lives." "Fresh meat," I muttered. "Yeah, that's it. But we're not all like that. What's your next class?" "Biology." "Me too! C'mon, I'll show you where the class is and introduce you to some of the nice gang on the way." From that moment, we were inseparable. I became friends with her friends. We hung out at each other's houses, and our families became each other's families. We professed our love to each other the following summer, and our future seemed to stretch out before me, simply and beautifully, in this place I'd come to love almost as much as I loved Bella. ~!~!~!~!~!~ Janey's voice brought me back to the present. "Yo, Edward . . . Edward. Come back." She stroked my cheek softly. "Sorry about that." I moved back behind the counter again and began to finish cleaning the espresso machines. "Tell Alice I'll be over at the folks' place in about an hour." I didn't look at Janey. I didn't want to see her own sadness. I couldn't be what she and my sister hoped I would be. Bella had ruined me for every other girl. She was my first, first everything, and she would damn sure be my last. "Think about it, Edward," Janey said. "See you later." "Not in your lifetime, thank God." I waited until Janey was gone to say it. But it was true. I just didn't want to hurt her feelings. "Ready to go, Penn?" My dog bounded over to me. She'd never cared much for Janey, even though she was the people dog to end all people dogs, so she'd stayed in her spot by the fireplace while Janey and I talked. Now Penny nudged her head against me, red rubber ball in her mouth, tail waving madly. "Silly girl. Hold onto that ball until we get home." Snapping her leash to her collar, I looked around, making sure everything was turned off. I gestured for the dog to sit and picked up my laptop and keys. Swinging my messenger bag over my shoulder, I walked to the door. "Penny, come." As we stepped outside and I prepared to lock up, the snow began to fall. The flakes were soft and light now, but the wind would pick up and I expected we'd have a heavy snowfall soon enough. Penny snapped at the snow as we ran to my truck. I knew she'd be running and rolling in it as soon as there was enough snow. The thought made me smile. For the past year, it seemed only Penny Lane and my shop could make me smile. Without Bella— I squashed that thought. Not tonight. No brooding tonight. "Hop in, Penn." My golden girl jumped into the back seat and I slammed the door, hurrying around to get into the car. The first thing I did when we arrived home was to let Penny loose in the yard. I stood watching her gallop around, chuckling at her silly ways. She flopped on her back and started rolling around, creating the golden retriever version of snow angels. I could always count on Penny to make me laugh, or at least to make me feel less lonely. "Dinner time!" I called and she leapt up from her games, rushing to my side, tail waving like a flag. After preparing the food for my dog, I headed for my room to shower the day away. I let the water pound on my shoulders, hoping it would ease away the tension. I would need to put on my happy mask for the family tonight, or my mother would start to worry. She'd already worried far too much about me in the past year. Sighing, I turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. It was going to be damn hard to pretend tonight. As I began to dress, I glanced over to my nightstand where I kept a picture of Bella and me, the first Christmas we were together as a couple. Dad had taken the picture, catching us just after I'd dragged her to a doorway where mistletoe hung and kissed her with all my might. She was blushing, and I was wearing a shit-eating grin. I stared at the picture a long time. At