Author Note: This was my entry for the Straight Through the Heart contest. I didn't win anything, but now I can post the story and I wanted to share with all my wonderful readers. Thanks as always to my beloved beta and friend dooba, and to rel8tivity for helping me keep my edward sounding like a guy. I couldn't do this without either of you! And of course, all yall know, I don't own Twilight. Enjoy! Love, the Second Time Around EPOV 2015 I stared at my computer screen, not really seeing it. My thoughts tumbled around in my head. I couldn't focus on the patient record I was trying to finish. My head ached, and my heart ached. I'd loved being a child psychologist, but after the grief of the last few years, something essential in me seemed to die, and I found it hard to council my patients when I couldn't follow their advice in my own life. I made it through the days, but every night I asked myself if I had the heart for any of it anymore. There was a hard knock at my office door. Before I could answer, my brother Emmett shoved it open with a bang. Throwing himself into a chair, he flashed me a grin. "Wallowing, Edward?" "What do you want?" "Is that any way to greet your favorite brother?" "What makes you think you're my favorite brother?" "Yeah, so? Look, Edward, I came in to see if you wanted to come over tonight. Come and have dinner with Rose and me and the kids. Get yourself out of your apartment and have some fun." I sighed. "I'm not sure I know what fun is anymore." "Hell, you're only forty, not eighty." Emmett wasn't smiling anymore. He looked at me, the smile replaced with sadness. "I miss Dad too, you know," he said. "I miss him every day of my life. But he'd never have wanted us to give up and stop living. He'd hate seeing you like this." I hung my head. My brother was right. Our dad, Carlisle, had died after a long battle with cancer two years before. We'd had our battles, especially when I was in my teens, but once maturity had set in, I'd started to know my dad as never before, loving him more deeply as I grew up, married and became a father of twins. I knew he'd hate to see the way I was letting my life fall apart since his death. Looking back at my brother, I nodded. "You're right, Emmett. He'd hate seeing me like this. But you know it isn't just Dad." "Yeah, that bitch Tanya. You're not still brooding over her, are you? She fucking dumped you a few months after Dad died. There you were grieving like hell, and all along she'd been having an affair! She's not worth brooding over." I couldn't help a small chuckle. Emmett had a way of knocking me out of my self-pity. "You're so right. And I don't really miss her, but I do miss the girls." "Does she hassle you about visitation?" I shook my head. "Nope. The girls are seventeen now, so they come and go when they want. I just miss them being there all the time. I can't believe they'll be starting college next year. I really feel old sometimes." Emmett laughed. "Forty is not old. Look, Rose had an idea the other night, and I think it's fantastic, just what the doctor ordered." "Just what the doctor ordered? Is this Rose's psychologist speaking? If so, remind her that I'm a psychologist too, thank you very much." "Actually, this is the sister-in-law part of her talking." He hesitated. Rising from his chair, he began to pace. My brother, who usually didn't think before he spoke, was being cautious. I rarely saw him so serious, except in those first terrible months after Dad died. I crossed my arms over my chest, saying nothing, waiting for him to get to the point. "Edward, have you ever thought of trying to find Bella again?" I froze. Bella, my high school sweetheart, the one I'd never forgotten even though we had not seen each other since we were seventeen. Trying to hide my reaction from my all too knowing brother, I looked out the window. "Bella?" It was all I could manage to get out. Emmett sat down again. "Yeah, Bella. I know you never really got over her. I told Rosie about her, and she had the idea of helping you find Bella again." "How?" "Well, there's this incredible invention, been around a while now. It's called the internet. Ever heard of it?" "Ha ha." "Okay, okay, all sarcasm aside," Emmett said, "There are these web sites to help old high school friends find each other. Rose told me to ask you to come over tonight, and after the kids go to bed, she's gonna help you get set up on some of them. Hell, I bet even good old Forks High might have a web site." Shrugging, I glanced back at him. He didn't know about that time I'd driven all night to see her, before deciding between Stanford and Washington for college. He didn't know what I'd seen that day or why I'd turned around and driven back. "I did try to find her Emmett. I Googled her, and I looked on Facebook. I didn't find her." Exasperated, he glared at me, throwing up his hands. "And that's it? You're quitting? You've never gotten over her 100 percent. Sure, you loved Tanya in your way, and your girls are the world to ya, but it's always been Bella for you, from the moment you first saw her." We sat, not speaking for a long time. All he had said was true. There was a part of me that had never gotten over Bella. But was that just the typical first love memories, or was it more? I didn't know. Could I risk trying once more to find her? "Tell Rose I'll be there," I said. Emmett grinned and stood up. "My work here is done." Striding around my desk, he clasped my shoulder. "I have a good feeling about this," he said. "Little Bella. She was always the one for you. If we hadn't moved … well, you know. It's gonna work out, Edward. See ya later." He left the office, flashing a grin and banging the door behind him. I barely noticed. Bella, Bella, Bella, her name spun around, filling me everywhere. Where was she? What was she doing? Was she married? If she was … but maybe she wasn't. High school memories flooded my mind. Why had I never thought to check our old high school's web site? I reached for the mouse. As it turned out, Forks High did have a web site. From the pictures, it seemed the old place hadn't changed much in the years since I'd left it, angry and protesting, but going with the family to another state for my dad's job. I found a link to information about past classes and clicked it. Scrolling down the page, I found a link to the class of 1992, Bella's graduating class, what would have been my graduating class if we hadn't moved. Taking a deep breath, I clicked. And there she was, Bella Swan. She was even more beautiful than I remembered. Her long brown hair flowed around her shoulders. Her shy smile called to me. Her eyes seemed to hold secrets. They'd always looked that way to me, as if they held the meaning of the universe, if one only knew what to look for. Those eyes had always held my universe in their depths. They told me the things her words couldn't say. Bella moved to Forks at the beginning of our freshman year. She'd been living with her mom in Arizona, but she'd decided to live with her dad through high school, and both parents had agreed. Her mom moved around a lot, and Bella wanted to stay in one place throughout high school. She also wanted a chance to get to know her father better. I remembered that first day and my first sight of Bella. Emmett had driven us to school. He was sixteen and had gotten his license over the summer. Our older brother Jasper had started college in California. A bunch of us, those who'd known each other forever in that little town, were hanging around the parking lot, exchanging greetings, catching up, wondering about high school, and frankly, even though we wouldn't admit it out loud, freaking out over being freshman and worrying about how we'd fit in. A few minutes before the bell would ring, a police car pulled up. "What the hell?" Emmett said. "It's only the first day. Who's in trouble already?" The passenger door opened, and a girl slid out, turning back to speak to the driver. "Thanks, Dad," I heard her say. "I'll let you know if I need a ride home." She turned away, slammed the door and shrugged a back pack over one shoulder. Turning toward the sidewalk, she looked up to see us all gawking. She blushed. That was the moment I lost my heart to Bella Swan, only child of the town's chief of police. Blushing brighter, she dropped her head and stumbled over the curb. Without a thought, I rushed to catch her. "Careful there." I held her shoulders until she caught her balance. Releasing her, I smiled and introduced myself. "I'm Edward Cullen. And that big guy over there is my brother, Emmett." "I'm Bella, Bella Swan." Her voice was soft, low and husky. I liked the sound. "Welcome to Forks. We'd heard a rumor around town that you were coming. If you need anything, let me know. Do you have your schedule? Do you know where your locker is?" She shook her head. "Um, no, not yet. I have to go to the office." Just then Angela Weber pushed through the group around us. Hi, Bella, I'm Angela. Would you like me to show you where the office is?" "Sure. Thanks so much." She turned back to me, smiling. "Thank you, Edward." Angela led her away, as I stood and watched her go. Everything changed after that. Shy, quiet Bella Swan drew a circle of friends about her, people who hadn't been friends before, came to know and like each other because of Bella. I'd never paid much attention to Angela. I mean, she was the preacher's kid after all. Emmett, being older, had thought he wouldn't want to hang around the freshmen, but Bella became like a little sister to him, and he watched over her. Mike, Eric and Jessica joined our circle. On that first morning, I waited for the girls to leave the office, and the three of us walked to our first class together. For the next three years, we were inseparable. Bella helped me in English classes, and I helped her in math. We all watched out for her in gym, because she was clumsy. I didn't care. I thought it was cute. I asked her on our first date the following summer, a movie night with my mom driving us to and from. Embarrassing that, but I promised that as soon as I got my license we wouldn't have to have parental or sibling drivers. We spent as much time at each other's homes as we did our own. My parents loved her, and the Chief liked and respected me. When Angela began dating Ben Cheney, the four of us often spent time together, and as we all got our licenses, we double dated. Bella and I were each other's firsts – first kiss, first touches, first explorations of bodies, and first, after junior prom first love making, awkward, fumbling. I came too soon, and she didn't come at all. But it was loving and tender together,