The Journey Part: Prologue Rating: Strong R Pairing: Haldir/OFC Characters: Just about every other elf that Tolkien created that's in the LoTR books and movies. Warning: descriptions of wounds and sexual situations Disclaimer: All known characters are owned by the great Tolkien, all others are of my own creation. Beta(s): Marta, Novedhelion, and Vi Timeline: 80 years before LoTR and extends to post RoTK events Notes: I want to thank Marta, Zee, Mal, Kay, Suse, Phyllis, Vi, Novedhelion, Kika, Becky, Dorothy, and Rashida for their expertise. Without their input this story would not be what it is today. Sindarian speach is shown with "" Westron speach is show with ' ' This story follows the movieverse. Summary: With no memory of a possible alliance with Mirkwood, an elleth, lone survivor of a devastating attack, is brought to Rivendell. Prologue "Are we going to stop at Imladris, herven?" Galedia asked her husband, Donathorn, as they journeyed east from the Grey Havens. The elleth was of average height and had long dark hair. The elf that was addressed, Donathorn, seemed deep in thought before answering. "No, I would like to get as far as possible each day." But his real reason stemmed from pride. Master Elrond, Lord of Imladris, might have high Noldor blood, but he was not pure, and pure is what he had in mind when he started sending messages to Thranduil for a possible joining of their two houses. It never entered Donathorn's mind that all his careful planning could fall through. In his eyes the match was perfect. Sinda wed Sinda. Thranduil had never stated exactly who his queen was, but it was clear that she had been an elleth of high ranking. If Donathorn had known she was Sylvan, then everything would have been canceled, and his daughter head to Valinor, unwed. Though that was not his plan. "Nanneth, why are we not stopping in Imladris?" Galedia knew of her herven's prejudices and caught his glance before she answered her daughter. "Because your Adar does not wish it." The young elleth, riding just behind them, noticed the stiffness of her mother's back, but did not question further. Following a trail that had not been used in at least a millennia, their journey took them south of the valley that cradled the sanctuary of Imladris. Nearing the foothills of the Misty Mountains the unthinkable happened. The family traveled with the minimum number of servants and guards, Donathorn had thought it was enough. But it was not. Narariand, Captain of the small contingency that had traveled with Donathorn, winced as he made himself sit up. He found himself staring into the open, vacant eyes, of the still form that had been his lord. Then he saw the blood-splattered bodies of the others. "No!" he moaned when his gaze came to rest on the young elleth lying under her mother. Galedia had tried to shield her child. DEAD! His mind screamed at the devastating loss of his hervess, lord, lady, their daughter, and everyone else involved. A rustling from the trees made him wonder if a second attack was imminent. Then he saw his horse. He whistled a bird call as loudly as he dared, and the animal trotted over to him and knelt down. Narariand slowly lifted the supply pack that was attached to the saddle and opened it. Except for the long scratches on the side of his face, he had no visible wounds, though, he knew he had internal injuries. He took out a clean cloth and a water bag. His breath caught as the damp cloth touched his scarred face. Squeezing his eyes shut forced tears out of his eyes and down his face, while he tried to ward off the waves of nausea crashing over him. When the nausea had mostly passed the horse gently butted his head and the captain eased into the saddle. "Take me to Thranduil; I know you will find the path," he whispered to the horse at the entrance to the pass that lead through the mountains. As he slowly journeyed the pain in his heart increased as his own strength waned. Narariand found he had an increasing desire to close his eyes and sleep. He could not, would not fade until he delivered the message. Days and nights blended in together to the point that he did not know how long he had been traveling. His dry cough that started soon after the attack was increasing in intensity, so much so that for the last few days he was coughing up blood. Even in his much weakened state he would not stop. The only thing that kept him going now was his need to inform Thranduil of what happened. Which was when he heard voices he could barely rouse himself out of his stupor. "He needs a healer," one of them spoke quietly in Sylvan. Sylvan? Am I in Mirkwood? "Where?" he started to ask with a weak, raspy voice. "Mirkwood. Rest, weary traveler. We will get a healer to tend to your wounds." "No," he answered. With his much weakened state his voice weary and soft. "It is too late." He turned grief-filled eyes to the elf. "I must speak to King Thranduil." "I do not know if he will give you an audience." "Then tell him that Donathorn's servant needs to speak to him. The matter is most urgent." The warden humored Narariand, "I will do that." They arrived fairly quickly at the courtyard of Thranduil's palace. Narariand was helped off his horse and into the healers area of the palace. An hour later a grim-faced elf left the room. He found the warden that brought the wounded elf standing just outside. "Captain, he is fading quickly. His only desire is to see the King. I know you normally do not do this, but do it this time." The warden sighed while nodding, then headed towards the King's chambers. This was most unusual. "My Lord?" He bowed in respect to Thranduil when he found the monarch in his personal library. "Yes, Captain?" the King's rather deep voice rumbled quietly. The sound was comforting, but underneath was of deadly strength. It was the voice of protection that could turn deadly if provoked. "One of our patrols found a wounded traveler in our Wood. He is delirious and has continually asked for you since we brought him to the Hall for healing." Thranduil turned to the fireplace. The flickering light cast odd shadows against the chiseled features of the elven monarch, while it made his hair look as if it were spun gold in the golden hue the flames produced. "Did you find his name?" the answering voice sounded bored. "No, my Lord." The captain paused while silently berating himself for that particular slip. "I do remember him saying something like 'Donathorn's servant'." Thranduil turned, an odd glint in his eyes. "'Donathorn', you say?" "Yes, Sire." The Captain was about to say something else, but Thranduil was already on his way out the door. "My Lord?" Thranduil turned, "I do not fault you for not coming sooner. I told no one." Having said that, Thranduil turned on his heel again and walked away quickly, leaving his captain full of questions. Thranduil entered the healing chamber where the wounded traveler had been taken. He had a dark complexion to match his dark hair -- and his eyes were closed. It was not a good sign. His wounds had been bound, but he would not heal any more. The elf yearned for the release that would only come through fading, and it was now coming quickly. With gentle strength he woke the soldier. The eyes that fluttered open were filled with the kind of grief that the King knew came only from severe emotional pain. Thranduil knew now for sure he was fading and would not last much longer. "I am Thranduil of Mirkwood." His voice was low, and full of kindness. "I am Narariand," the elf whispered, his breathing labored. "They are all dead. Gone. No one will be coming." His raspy voice was barely audible. "I am sorry, my lord." As he spoke the words the light associated with their race died out of his eyes, and the gentle glow they were infused with, disappeared. Thranduil closed his eyes and shook his head while backing away from the bed. "My Lord?" "Have him remembered with honors,Morfilith." Thranduil turned to move out the door. "Yes, my Lord. Do you know what he was speaking about?" "Sadly enough, yes. I will explain later." Thranduil placed a hand on Morfilith's shoulder then left the room. When he reached the main hall he called to a servant, "Have Legolas meet me in my chambers." "Yes, my Lord." The servant bowed then went to look for Thranduil's heir. "He is too young to have to bear something like this," the king finished softly to no one in particular. Thranduil wearily went back to his chambers. He felt the weight of parenthood press heavily on his shoulders. He found himself standing before the fireplace again when Legolas entered the room. "Adar?" Thranduil knew there was regret on his face when he turned to look on his son. "Come, ion nin." He sat heavily on the couch. "Thraldor said you wanted to speak to me. I asked him the reason why, but he evaded the question." Legolas sat down in a chair beside the couch. "Because I did not tell him why I asked for you," Thranduil answered. "There is no easy way to say this, ion nin. I received word that Donathorn was on his way here, with his daughter. You know I will not force you into this, it is your choice." Legolas nodded. "Something happened, and Donathorn and his entire family have been lost. They are dead." "Could the messenger have been lying?" Legolas shook his head not wanting to believe. He had looked forward to meeting his father's possible choice. They had just started to exchange letters and he had been charmed by her witty notes. A strange emptiness crept into his heart. "Nay, Legolas. It was a guard." He continued when Legolas looked at him in question, "He faded before he could give me any details." Legolas turned to look to the flickering fire losing himself in thought before deciding to speak again. "May I have your leave to go search out the site of the attack?" Thranduil looked closely at Legolas for a moment. "On one condition," he started. "You must present yourself to Master Elrond for healing if you find it. If you do not do this on your own, then I order you as your king." Legolas turned quickly to look at Thranduil. The older elf was not speaking in jest. "Fading is a serious matter, Legolas. Though you were not officially betrothed, you may feel her passing if you find where she died. I have your promise?" The young elf finally nodded in assent. "Adar? Why did the guard come here? Why did he not go to Imladris for help? And why did Donathorn propose a union with Mirkwood? Elrond's realm is much closer to where he lived." "Legolas, Imladris may be much closer to the Grey Havens, but you forget, Elrond's sons are not pure eldar. If they did not have any edain blood he would have gone there first. You, ion nin, are part Sylvan. He would not have come here either if he knew about that." Legolas stood and turned towards the fire. "When do you plan to depart?" Thranduil's voice came from behind the younger elf. "As soon as I can sort everything out," Legolas spoke quietly. Thranduil stood and placed a hand on Legolas's shoulder. "Let me know before you leave," the king took his leave from his son. Legolas did need time to sort everything out emotionally and mentally. The next morning Thranduil stepped out into the courtyard only to find