A/N: Minor editing done on 10-16-16. Hi all, thanks for taking a peek at my story. Just a heads up, this is a Jacob/OC story but their will be interactions and story lines with the other characters as well. The story takes place a little bit after Edward leaves in New Moon. Rating may change from T to M. The music playlist for this story is listed in my profile as a workable link. Musical Inspiration: Premonitions - By Vaults Legacy Of The Heart .-^-. Prologue 1200 B.C... "Zyanya... it is time," the middle aged woman spoke in her native tongue as she entered the sacred space of worship. With cold eyes, she observed her daughter. The girl was bent over kneeling, face down, with her palms spread out on the stone ground in prayer. The mother stared at the young sixteen year old with contempt. From the day her child was born, she saw her unique features and she knew the prophecy was true. Her infant, her own daughter, would be the downfall of the entire city. For it was said... 'on the 12th day, of the 12th month, of the 12th millennium, a female shall be born of fairness. Her transition into adulthood will bear the destruction of an empire.' It had been written in the stars. As the hard-nosed woman watched her daughter slowly stand and turn towards her, she studied her fear stricken face. Tear tracks flowed from her thick lashes of her large brown eyes and down her slightly pronounced cheek bones. The young girl's full bow top lip became prominent as she bit the bottom half to stop it from trembling. The mother shook her head as she tried to remove the thoughts of what will happen. She knew this day would come and it's the reason she never allowed herself to become attached to her own flesh and blood. It was a pity, any of the tribe's men would have fought to have her. Her figure was thin but voluptuous in the right places... perfect for bearing children. Even her lightly tanned skin singled her out with a peach glow compared to the darker shade of the rest. "Follow me," the parent demanded as she turned to leave the sanctuary. ... Zyanya nervously stroked the feathers that decorated her long dark hair. She took a shaky step and gradually followed behind her mother down the flat rocky trail. In her mind, she continued to pray to herself. 'I just want more time, more time to live. For freedom, to make friends, have family, to explore and learn new things, but mostly... I want love. Please Gods, I need time.' Following the path, she murmured her plea over and over as she came upon the crowd. The young girl who's 17th birthday would be marked in a few moments, stood frozen as she gazed upon the hateful looks of her tribe. Every part of her body instinctively wanted to run, yet she found herself unable to move. Even if she made the attempt, they would only stop her and bring her back to perform the ceremony. Suddenly, she was flanked on each of her sides by two warriors of the village. Fiercely clutching each of her arms, they dragged her up the stone steps to the alter. Unable to fight them, Zyanya continued to sob out "More time, more time." The frightened girl felt her wrists and ankles being tied to the large boulder that looked out towards her people. The smell rising from the pit a few feet in front of her made her stomach lurch. Death, it was the smell of death from previous sacrifices. She knew her doom... the ceremony would take place, her throat would be sliced, and her body would be dumped into the pit as an offering to the Gods. Zyanya's breathing became fast and heavy with panic. She looked straight into the chief's eyes as he came towards her. Begging with her dark honey irises, the restrained girl hoped he would feel something, anything to stop this. He ignored her silent pleas and continued on with the ritual, offering her up to the spirits above. As he chanted, he took the blade from the animal skinned pouch that hung from his side. Lifting it to Zyanya's neck, her leader looked to the sky and sang the God's praises. Placing the dagger to her skin, preparing to cut into her flesh, he paused when she let out a high pitch ear piercing scream. With it's sound, thunder boomed and lightening struck the alter with a crackling force. Zyanya squeezed her eyes shut and shook as she heard the gurgled screams of those around her. She felt the air was thick and there was an electric feel that hung heavy around her. When she dared lift her lids, a gasp passed her lips. Turning her head frantically, she found herself alone, there was no one is sight. Zyanya rubbed her wrists which she realized were now free. Looking to where her chief had stood only moments ago, all she found was a mound of powder. Letting her eyes wander beyond the sacrificial alter, she concluded that her people were gone, all that remained were piles of dust. .-^-. Chapter 1 Meeting Her Present time... Bella shifted her body into the cold seat of her desk. She lazily rested her head in her hand and gazed in the direction of the classroom's windows. Watching the snow fall, she pictured every detail of his perfect face... Edward. She recalled his smell, his taste, and how it felt to be in the safety of his arms. The pain in her chest intensified with each loving memory. It had only been three months since he left, three months of torture. He said he didn't want her. Bella closed her eyes and tried to control her breathing. Not wanting to bring attention to herself, she calmed her body and slid further into her seat. In a few minutes, first period would begin and she would be expected to pay attention to the Spanish teacher. As her fellow students made their way into the classroom, Bella kept her focus on the weather outside. Not paying much attention to their conversations, bits of what they were saying would interrupt her thoughts. "I'm telling you the new chick is smoking hot. She's even better looking than Rosalie Hale and I didn't think that was even possible." "I wish those Quileute girls would just stay on their own turf." "She smiled at me in the hallway... I am totally asking her out." "I'm surprised she isn't going to school on the Res." Bella heard the teacher speak but since the bell had not rung yet, she continued to zone him out. "It's pronounced Zee-aan-yuh," a musical feminine voice spoke. Grabbing her attention, Bella peeked over towards the teacher's desk but her view was obstructed by two boys passing a phone between themselves. She lost interest quickly and figured it was just the new girl. Maybe everyone would let her fade into the background now since they had something new to focus on. As the bell rung out, Bella opened her book and kept her head down for the rest of the period. ... The Friday school day dragged on and Bella was grateful when lunch rolled around. After collecting a tray of food, she would only end up picking at, she passed by her friends and went straight to the now empty Cullen table. Taking a seat and popping a few grapes in her mouth, she once again tuned out the world around her and stared outside at nothing in particular. Someone clearing their throat brought her back to reality. "I said, do you mind if I sit here?" Bella looked up to the tall girl who was addressing her and sucked in a breath. Vampire. That was the first thing that came to mind. Her beauty and symmetrical features would point her in that direction of thought. Though her skin was quite tan, she couldn't go by the paleness factor because Laurent was a vampire and he was dark skinned. Her eyes were golden, but darker than the Cullens. She had long ebony tresses that were pulled back in a ponytail and she was well put together like Alice or Rose had picked out her clothes. Even though she did in fact look Quileute, something was just to perfect about her... just like Edward. Bella found it actually gave her a bit of comfort. "Um, yeah sorry. Go ahead." Bella gestured to the chair across from her. "Thanks." The girl smiled and held out her hand. "I'm Zyanya, but you can call me Zee." Bella reached for her hand and shook it. She expected it to be cold but found it was the opposite... her hand was warm, maybe even a little to warm. "I'm Bella," she greeted and released her grip. Looking around the cafeteria, Bella found that most of the student body were staring in their direction. She blushed and tried to hide her face with her hair. Zee didn't seem to mind though and fiddled with her milk container. "So," Bella began. "Are you new to Forks?" She figured she should make some kind of conversation rather then sit in her normal silence. "Nope." The native girl shook her head. "I have been to the area before. I actually just moved back to La Push. I know I could have gone to school there, but I am a dance instructor and Forks High offers a dance credit course where the Res school does not." So she is Quileute, Bella thought as she broke pieces off her sandwich. "Where did you live before?" "Texas." She made a small frown. "I miss it. I stayed at a Reservation there while I was taking care of some things. But... I just felt like it was time to come back, so here I am." She shrugged. Noticing a stealthy glance from Zee, Bella could tell the girl was covertly studying her features. She knew that the dark circles under her eyes caused people to stare. Bella shifted uncomfortably and tugged on her hair. Seemingly caught, the new girl gave her an apologetic look and began to shuffle through her backpack. She pulled out a piece of paper and laid it on the table as she addressed her. "I noticed today that you like to keep to yourself," she said and Bella replied with a slight nod. "I didn't mean to intrude on your space. We can sit here quietly if you like. I just think that no one should feel like they are alone in the world. Having someone on your side always helps." Zee gave her a kind smile. Bella was surprised when she actually found herself smiling back. She was grateful the new girl didn't expect much from her and she was right, just having her here made her feel a little better. They continued their lunch in an easy silence. Throughout, Bella would glance up occasionally and watch her fold the paper she took out. As the bell rung, Bella saw a paper frog fly onto her food tray. Zee giggled and pointed to it. "It's origami... just push on it's back and it will jump in the air. My phone number is on his belly, so if you ever need someone to talk to, feel free to call." With a wide smile Zee stood up and left the table. Bella observed her walking away. She figured that even though she was at the lowest point in her life, making a new friend was not such a bad thing. .-^-. Zyanya sat crossed legged on her living room floor in front of the many boxes she had yet to unpack. La Push always felt like a true home to her, but she still questioned herself as to why she needed to come back here. Why