Firstly the boring part: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters. I just play God with them. I finally have it done! Here is the first couple story for Bloody Fingerprints . If you have never read that before, head on over there to check it out, otherwise this will make no sense. My vampires are a little different from Stephenie's vampires, so just head on over there if you want to get the context. This is Alice and Jasper, the most popular couple voted in the poll. After reading this, please could you go on and vote on who you want to hear about next. We currently have a tie between Esme and Carlisle and Rosalie and Emmett. The lemon is courtesy of musegirl, and she has done and amazing job. Thank you so much! Anyway, I hope you like this… The Crazy Girl and Man in the Rain You know those dreams that keep on coming back? You don't know why but like commercial on T.V. it keeps on returning. I have one of those. It always comes at least once a week, for as long as I could remember. It always gave me hope, like seeing an old relative. It was the one good thing I could count on… "Alice! Alice, stop screaming!" "Alice, please, its only a dream." "For goodness sake girl, wake up." "ALICE!" Rude hands grabbed and shook me, tearing the forbidden nightmare away from my eyes. A loud keening shriek rattled my ears and it took me a while to figure out where it came from. When I did I shut my mouth and silenced my sore voice box. I blinked open my eyes and saw my parents faces. They were still in their pyjamas, my father looking irritated, my mother concerned. They stood awkwardly by my bed, looking totally out of place amongst the pink and white of my bedroom. My little sister Cynthia stood by the door, eyes glassy as she clutched Strawberry to her chest, sucking heavily on her thumb. "What in the Lord's name were you dreaming about?" my father asked me angrily, "That was the third time you have woken me up this week! I am going on television tomorrow Alice, debating with that corpse Carlisle Cullen. I can't be so tired that I look like a zombie on national television! Do you understand me?" My father was in a towering rage. His new church, Milites Christi was the most important thing to him right now. He had to look like the healthy human being he is. "Sorry," I whispered, pulling my duvet around myself, "It was…one of those dreams." They both stiffened, my mother's look of fear increasing and greedy interest sparked in my father's eyes, "Is there anything about me?" he asked eagerly, scrubbing at the slight scruff on his cheeks. I shook my head, my eyes seeing the blood all over again, "No, just a murder." He huffed and said, "Useless witch-child." He jabbed a finger at the cross hanging on the wall, "Go pray for repentance before you go back to sleep." He stormed away, slamming the door behind him. I flinched and curled in further to my bed. Mom smiled weakly at me, eyes glittering as she looked like a fading ghost amongst my things. "Listen to your Poppa, Mary Alice." I nodded, kneeling in front of the cross on the bare wall. My knees ached and chilled against the stone ground and I winced, clasping my hands together in prayer. Mom left quietly, but Cynthia remained, still sucking on her thumb furiously. She waited until my prayers were finished before speaking. "You haff anover bad dweam?" she lisped around her thumb. "Yes I had a bad dream," I replied, staggering to my feet, goose flesh stubbling my arms and legs. "But I'm all better now." Cynthia darted forwards, her long braided hair jumping with her quick steps. "Can I sweep wiff you? I can push the dreams away for you." I smiled warmly at her, settling back into bed, "That's sweet of you Thia. C'mere." She ran towards me, long braid jumping along her back. I threw my duvet over us and we stared at each other, buried in the cotton cocoon. "What was ith abouth?" Cynthia lisped again, her black curls escaping from her braid. I pulled her thumb out of her mouth and brushed back her hair, "Baddies. Villains. Dastardly plans. People sleeping and never waking up. Stuff like that. I don't want to give you nightmares." Dark red crimson flashed in front of my eyes again and I forced it away. "You shouldn't listen to Poppa. He's being a meanie," Cynthia whispered, green eyes sparkling, "Once all the baddy suckers are gone, evewyfing will be normal. Right?" I just smiled softly at her, and stroked back her hair. "Go to sleep Thia. Its school tomorrow." She smiled my favourite toothy smile at me, with a few teeth missing, and closed her lavender coloured eyelids. I watched her until her breaths became even and slow before closing my own eyes too. Later that day… "I'm here to see the Chief? Its urgent," I told the woman at reception of the police station. Ms Sneddon gave me a sceptical look, "Chief Swan's busy at the moment." "Please, just tell him I'm here," I said, twisting my fingers around the strap of my purse. "Hmm…" she gave me a sceptical look but paged the Chief anyway. His reply was instant, "Let her through." She scowled and jerked her head towards the Chief's office. I smiled sweetly at her and hurried towards his office, my pastel coloured skirt scratching against the skin coloured tights I was wearing. I was scared of someone who knew my father seeing me. My Poppa would kill me if he knew I was doing this. "You can't reveal your disability to anyone. What would it look like if the Reverend had a daughter who has been touched by Satan's kiss?" I nodded mutely and said, "I understand Poppa." Chief Swan was at his desk, brow furrowed over some important looking paperwork. His entire desk in fact was covered in papers, his little name plaque nearly buried. It didn't cover the picture of his daughter though. That stood proudly in sight, showing a happy, smiling, Bella Swan, dressed in what looked like an oversized fishing jacket. A rare sight. He glanced up and gave me a small smile, "Just give me a minute." I nodded, sitting down in one of the seats in front of his desk. I like Chief Swan. He doesn't screw around. The first time I came here and told him what I could do, he didn't freak out like I thought he would. He took it in his stride and we came to an agreement. He wouldn't tell anyone where he got his sources from in exchange for knowing what I saw. Win-win scenario. "Damn vampers," Chief Swan muttered, "All these new laws are giving me a headache." I smiled in sympathy, my leg jigging up and down. It had been about 3 weeks since the vampires came out of the darkness. Father was all against them of course, his speeches full of 'unholy' 'scourges of the earth' and 'abnormal'. But I wasn't. He was one of them. My man in the rain. The Chief cleared his desk and pulled out pen and paper. He focused his warm brown eyes on me and said in that calm voice of his, "So what do you have for me this time?" I crossed my legs and began to tell him my dream from last night. "It was in daylight. It was in a house somewhere, a kitchen. I saw a clock, a newspaper and a couple of letters: the first said 3:45pm, the second said March 2nd 2010 and the letters had an address of 54 Cumberland Drive, Port Angeles, Washington. They were addressed to either Jeremy Tucker or Marilynn Tucker. A woman, middle-aged, quite skinny, with dyed red hair and blue eyes, was cooking by the stove, humming along to the radio. The murderer entered through the back door, he managed to get through by picking the lock. He had dogtags, so he must have been in the military at some point but I didn't see his name. He was dressed in blue jeans, a red-checkered shirt with rolled up sleeves and timberland boots. He had brown eyes and short blonde hair. He treaded through to the kitchen and sneaked up on her from behind. He stabbed her in the side several times with what looked like a kitchen knife grabbed from a kitchen tabletop. When she was down, he brought out his own penknife and…stabbed her eyes out, shouting 'you betrayed me! You betrayed me! You betrayed me!'" Remembering the image made bile rise up my throat. I forced it down and then said, "That's when I woke up." I waited until he'd stopped writing down the details before he glanced up at me, "I'm sorry you had to see that Alice." That was exact same thing he said to me every week. I shrugged, "You know I've seen worse. I'm just glad I don't see family members in them." "Know the feeling," he muttered, tugging on his moustache. "Anything else?" "That's it really. It's been kind of quiet recently. It feels kinda like a calm before the storm, you know what I mean? I don't like it." His brow creased, "Have you considered talking to a shrink?" Before the words were even out of his mouth I shook my head violently from side to side, "No freaking way. When they find out it hasn't improved since I was little, they'll drug me up and when that doesn't work, they'll lock me up in a room with soft walls and throw away the key. I can forget about seeing my family ever again. My father will sooner disown me for his own stupid church than admit he's related to me." I stopped myself before I could really get into it, "Sorry, that was too much." "S'alright. No offence, but I never liked him. I'm not going to be a part of his congregation any time soon." I smiled, "Trust me, you don't wanna be. Boring and repetitive." "You doing anything else this weekend?" he asked politely. "Well there's the Meet 'n' Greet Barbecue my father holds every month on Sunday. Apart from that, not a lot. You?" "Ah workin' here, fishin' with the boys, the normal stuff," he said. I glanced at my watch, "I gotta go. I need to pick up Thia from Girl Scouts." "Right," he said, smiling warmly at me as we stood up, "remember, if you need any help, I'm here, ok?" "Thanks and I'll call you when the next relevant vision come in," I shook his hand, "Be safe and tell Bella I said 'hi'." "Will do," he said, already drawn back to his papers, "Be safe Alice." "You too," I murmured as I closed the door behind me. You can probably guess by now what I can do. You're probably thinking, 'wow that's really cool! I wish I was like her.' You're a fool then. I have seen some pretty disturbing shit: 9/11, Hurricane Katrina, The Thailand Tsunami, London Bombings, Haiti earthquake… I saw it all in excruciating detail. They came in different forms: visions, dreams, and even absentmindedly drawn doodles. It had been that way since I was small. I only really saw terrible events; the good ones were a rarity. I knew about death, rape and murder before I was 5 years old. I used to think everyone could do what I could and used to babbler about at school. That earned me several trips to the principal's office for telling nasty stories. My parents tried to 'fix' me. Have me praying an hour a day, knees set on scattered rice. Poppa giving me