So, I was watching WALL-E when I came up with this idea. Random I know. Idea also came from I am Legend … yes very random, but I thought it would be cool to see the Twilight characters in that situation. I do not own Twilight if I did wouldn't be writing fanfictions about it. Neither do I own I am Legend or WALL-E . Again why would I be writing Fanfictions about them if I did? You may laugh but its better than it sounds. All human. BPOV. Set 50 years in the future… The Beginning BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. The alarm buzzed harshly against my ears. I groaned. Why did I keep a bloody alarm clock when the there was nothing to get up to? I slapped my hand on the alarm clock. Once silenced, I swung my legs out of bed, rubbing my eyes and stretching out my legs. I looked around my dingy basement which I called my room. It was small and held a few bits of furniture. A closet, a large box, bed, a door that led to the bathroom and a dog basket are all that's in the room. A pair of double doors led off to the storeroom/dining room. This was where the generator, water purifier and weaponry were also kept. There was also the only way out of the basement in there. My dog, Jake was spread across the bottom of the bed. "Home sweet home," I muttered. Glancing at the clock I saw it was 8:31 am. The Hounds would well and truly be buried in their dank caves. I got up and wandered to the small closet were I kept all my clothes. I pulled off my well worn T-shirt that I slept in and exchanged it for a pair of jeans and a tight fitting T-shirt. Once changed I walked to the bed, "Jake?" I whispered. The large russet and black German Shepherd snuffled in his sleep. "Jake, get up you dumb dog," I said again a little more loudly. Jake opened one eye and gave me look that clearly told me to go away. I sighed and shuffled away to the doors that led to the store room. Nearly every surface in this room was covered with food. The back wall and the left wall were covered in shelves. Cans, tins, jars, packets, tubs, boxes, the list was endless. In the far right corner was a large generator that hummed loudly as it produced the only electricity in the whole town of Forks. Heck in the whole continent of America. Next to it was the water purifier. If I didn't have this piece of machinery I would have died years ago. In the middle of the room was a scuffed table with battered chairs. In the nearest left corner was a bolted door with more locks than a bank vault. Next to this door were several pairs of shoes, a large leather messenger bag and a small silvery cube. I walked to several large boxes labelled 'Jake's food' and pulled out a big dried piece of beef and walked back to the bed. I knelt down and wafted the meat in front of his nose. "Look what I have got Jakey," his eyes instantly snapped open. He sniffed the meat and instantly took a bite. "There you go," I said, "now you get up." Jake wolfed down the dried beef and jumped out of bed. He stretched grandly on the threadbare rug and then looked up expectantly at me as if to say, "you got me up now, so what are we gonna do?" "Just wait and see Jake. I haven't eaten yet. You are so goddamn impatient sometimes," I said scratching behind the ears of my faithful dog. We'd known each other for so long that they could just read each other like books. Jake followed me back to the storeroom. I found a packet of dried porridge. I plugged in the kettle to the generator and poured some water into it. While I waited for it to boil I told Jake about what we were going to do that day, "We need to go hunting today. Wouldn't it be nice to get some fresh meat?" My mouth watered at the thought, "We're starting to run low on condensed milk.. But after that we can do whatever the heck we want. Whaddya say to going down to La Push?" He barked in agreement his eyes sparkling. I laughed and said, "We can play fetch. Heck might even go swimming, how about that Jake?" He barked again his tail wagging. I laughed and scratched his ears again, "Don't know what I'd do without you Jake." At that point the kettle flicked off as it finished boiling. I picked it up and poured it into a bowl already filled with the dry porridge. I mixed it, then ate it silently with Jake watching, his head on his paws as he lay down. When I was finally done I went to the small bathroom. In there was a large tin tub used for bathing, a smaller one used for washing food and hands and then a jagged piece of mirror. A few bits of toiletries were clustered on a rickety table. I picked up my toothbrush and scrubbed hard. Once done I spat into a plastic bottle and then scraped my unruly, wavy brown hair into a messy pony tail and we both headed for the door. I pulled on a pair of sturdy Doc. Martens and then grabbed the cube and shoved it into my bag. I went to a tall locker and unlocked it. Inside was a shotgun with several cases of bullets. I loaded it before taking it out and slipping it into its leather holder and slipped it across my body. I went through the long process of unlocking the door. I opened it to reveal a flight of steps going up. A stream of light flooded down from above, "Let's rock'n'roll," I said. We both trotted up the steps into the brilliant sunlight. The once green and sleepy town of Forks was now a wreck. What had once been my childhood home was now a destroyed hulk of ruined timber and shattered stone all because of a hurricane that passed 5 years ago. I remembered the day well. My father had sprinted home, having seen the hurricane off the west coast of La Push. His face had been flushed red with the excursion, even though I had always tried to teach him about using the Ava-board. "Hurricane," he gasped clutching at the front doorframe of their house. "Where?" I asked, Jake had only been a pup then and I had been twelve. "Off the coast and heading this way pretty fast. We better get down in the basement, if we want to survive the Hounds and the storm in the same night. We better move the food down everything, you gotta help me." We had spent the rest of the day heaving great boxes of food, machinery and utensils to the basement. We buckled down for the night, with just a few candles to keep the shadows away. My dad had read through the book of fairytales three times to me and Jake before we fell asleep. Anything to keep the sounds of the storm at bay. And the shrieking of the Hounds who were stupid enough to be still out in the storm. When we went outside everything had been completely decimated. There was nothing left that wasn't broken. Everything was completely destroyed and what was left of anything normal was crushed. Me and Jake stood in the middle of the wreck that once was their home. "Come on Jake," I said. We walked out of the house and onto the road. I pressed a button on the small box and it began to unfold itself, like a flower opening for bloom, until it was what looked like a surf board. It instantly began to hover about three feet of the ground. My Avian-Board or Ava-Board for short. It worked by making the air molecules underneath band together and forms a surface on which it would 'lay'. I jumped up onto the board and moved it gently forward. I saw the mess the Hounds had created last night. A dead one lay in a pool of its own black blood on the ground. I saw it twitch once. The carcasses of dead deer lay across the ground. It had been feeding time last night, like every night. "Won't they ever think of poor little us?" I asked Jake jokingly. He barked and took a sniff at the twitching carcass of the Hound. "No, Jake" I snapped. He didn't need telling twice. The Hound had enough energy left to try and take a snap at him. He jumped back and a low snarl ripped through his barred teeth. The Hound instantly stopped and flopped on the ground again. We drifted through town checking for survivors. Hounds didn't come out during the day because they saw better in the dark. They were as blind as bats during the day because the sunlight was too bright for them to see by. You were dead meat if you got caught out by night. Picture you stumbling about in the darkness while agile, strong, fast Hounds try and take a hunk out of you. Not nice. But we had to be sure that none had gotten left behind. There were a few twitching carcasses which would be dead in the next few hours, but no strong Hounds. I noticed there were a lot more of these half-dead corpses than before. Maybe they were fighting among themselves more because there was nothing else for them to do. They had already claimed the world. They had already got rid of all the humans. They had already destroyed life forever. If there had been any strong Hounds, I would have shot them. Hounds are just vicious dogs that need to be put down. All because of a virus. Jake thankfully was immune to this virus but every other dog wasn't. They were vicious blood thirsty maniacs. It was the reason why everyone left. Too many deaths at the jaws of these Hounds. Once we had made the rounds we began to actually go into the houses. A few still remained standing. A few I hadn't been in were the first on my list. I jumped off the board and readied the gun. I kicked the door down and Jake streaked ahead into the building, sniffing for any other unwanted guests. He barked twice. All clear. Dad had trained that dog well. I stomped through the sitting room into the kitchen before I realised that dad had already been here before me. All the cupboards were open and empty. I cursed under my breath before whistling for Jake. This happened for the next 3 times. This was not good. I had enough food for the next 3 months or so but I was kinda planning on living for more than 3 months. If things continued this way, I would have to move soon. This was definitely not ideal. Finally fourth time lucky I found a full kitchen. Ignoring the fridge I rummaged though the cupboards. Tins. Sacred tins. I shoved as many tins as possible into the messenger bag. As I did so I began to sing: I'm singin' in the rain, Just singin' in the rain, What a glorious feeling, I'm happy again, I'm laughing at clouds, So dark, up above The sun's in my heart And I'm ready for love… I sighed with relief when I saw the tins of condensed milk. "Look," I said waving it in front of Jakes nose, "I can finally have coffee in the morning." He huffed as if to say, "What about me?" "How could I forget about my favourite dog?" I said grinning at