Heads up, the first half of this prelude, after the first two line breaks, is mostly from the OotP. I needed it to set up things down the road. I do not own Harry Potter. Oh, and I am a fan of Studio C. Any scenes that you recognize from any of the episodes belong to them and not to me. Not guaranteeing I will use them, but it is a possibility, so heads up. The saber-toothed Bunnybat ™ is not of my creation. I do not remember where I read about it, just know that I do not own it. The first chapter will be up soon. The country was a wasteland. Mud and craters pockmarked the land, and all the villages in the area had been pulverized and burned to the ground. A dark gray mist hung in the air, further increasing the gloomy atmosphere. A lone man stomped up the path to the ruins of an ancient castle in Scotland, which had originally been used as a school for young wizards. The moon broke through the clouds for a moment and bathed the face of the wizard in light for a moment. He seemed relatively young, only in his very early twenties, but his face and his eyes spoke differently. The green fire sparkling in them, in stark contrast to his raven black hair, caught and held the eyes. They give the impression of one who was world weary, old, who seen the worst of what hell had to offer and had defeated it. They were the eyes of one much older than he. He shivered slightly, as mud squelched into his boot through numerous small holes that had resulted from constant use. He drew his black duster close around his upper body as he continued on, seemingly unaware of his surroundings, yet nothing moved or twitched without his seeing it. His thoughts drifted back to the past. What fools they had all been. What a fool he had been. He had given everything, every ounce of heart and sweat and blood. And yet, in the end, it was a pyrrhic victory. He had severed himself from the world, from those around him. Those who had cared for him. Of course, he doubted any were still living. Though he had never raised a hand to any of them, slowly, one by one, they drifted away from him, or made their excuses and created some distance between them. All because of his focus and drive. It didn't help that most of the few remaining safe houses had been discovered or betrayed. Among his so-called devoted army, there had proved to be no lack of volunteers who would do anything for the promise of protection and a bit of gold. He paused, lowering his head for a moment, standing at the entrance to what used to be the great hall, before Hogwarts had been attacked six years ago, and forced to be abandoned. His hand reached out gently, tracing the runes of the decorations that had once greeted the faces of eager young students who had come up the way, fresh faced and eager, ready, in their youthful ignorance, to take on the world. So many had died here. So many… He forced himself to clear his mind for a moment. He gathered his magic until the air seemed to snap and crackle around him with the force. Then he raised his glowing green orbs from the ground and strode through the ruins of the doors which had once so proudly stood, lofty and tall. The enchanted ceiling had long since been destroyed, leaving the real night sky to shine overhead. As he spotted the man standing at the other end of the room, the mist and fog split above their heads and let the stars bear witness what was about to happen. The man strode out into the light, revealing his reptilian and pasty white face. The face that had inflicted terror across Britain for years. The face that was the last thing many muggleborn witches and wizards had seen before they departed this plane. "Ok Harry." His voice boomed across the ruins. He paused, before looking at the young wizard expectantly. He twitched in annoyance that he somehow knew about that, though he could clearly see what the aim was here. Voldemort was making a mockery of the Gryffindor teams' pre-game tradition to try to irritate him, and it was working. He grudgingly said the next line. "And Tom." He stated sarcastically. "And Tom." Lord Voldemort agreed. "This is it." "The big one." Harry continued. "The one we have all been waiting for." They both chorused. As one, they flicked their wands into their hands and stared each other down. "This ends here." Harry snarled in anger. Voldemort did not respond except for cocking his head to one side. "Must it? We are not so very different, you and I. It doesn't need to end this way." "Yes, it does." Harry stated coldly. Riddle bowed his head as he acquiesced. "Very well. You have been a worthy opponent all these years, but this finally comes to an end. You have come much farther than I ever dreamed you would, delved to new depths in order to destroy me. Your single minded obsession has cost both you and the wizarding world in the end though. You were correct, this ends tonight. With your death. Goodbye Harry." "Goodbye Tom." Harry responded. He might hate the man, but he could not deny that he had been an equal match, in his constant hunting of the dark lord throughout the years. Finally, he had forced a confrontation, and indeed, one way or another, it would end tonight. The wands came up at the same moment, brothers both, aiming at the wizard across from their owners. The two wizards, the strongest of their age, focused all their motivation into their next pair of words, which were spoken simultaneously. "Avada Kedavra." From Voldemort, it was barely a whisper, while for Harry it was a loud bellow that evoked memories of all he had lost, before packaging his pain and regret into the words. The two streaks of green light streaked towards each other, skating by each other by mere inches. Neither attempted to move out of the way of the killing curse. Harry's eyes met Voldemort's in the moment before the curses connected, as the vision of them both went black. (Line break) Harry's eyes shot open with a start, to see only a blank expanse of white surrounding him in every direction. The white was so bright it almost blinded him. He put the heels of his hand over his eyes to protect them as he listened to the two voices. "Interesting," mused one, who had a very deep and regal sounding voice. "A simultaneous death for both, cast by identical curses from brother wands. I must say, that is not how I expected this to end." A light female voice answered him, tinkling lightly. Just the sound of her voice was enough to call up his fondest memories involuntarily, sounding like the babbling of water in a brook. "Mayhap not. But don't give me that, you might not have, quote, 'expected' it, unquote, but you knew it would happen. Yet neither of them is truly dead. You know what the options left are." "Yes… That is true. Yet I am loath to make any of the three decisions. The one would not do anyone any good, and this scene would merely repeat itself further down the road. The other would be giving them both a second chance. Would it be fair to remove all the souls currently resting in peace just so that young Mr. Potter here has another chance that he messed up on the first time? I am of half a mind simply to throw them both into torment, their souls are certainly dark enough." "But the one did it with full knowledge, and the other thought he had no choice, and did what he thought was required. Yes, they both have blood on their hands, but the circumstances are vastly different, and as such it would be unjust to punish them both by the same standard." The female voice pointed out. "All right." The deep voice conceded. "You have a fair point. In that case, we will leave it up to the souls of those who would be affected by the second shot. All those in favor of returning them both?" No sound was made for a few moments before the creaking of a rocking chair was heard as the male voice sat back. "A unanimous vote." He said in an amused tone of voice. "All of them are willing to be removed and possibly go through torment again. I have not seen such faith in many centuries. In that case, I should probably prepare to send them back." "Wait! Do we really want them to go back with all their knowledge? Could the boy even live with the knowledge of what happened?" "Then I will wipe both of their memories from the point I will place them at backwards, with the exception of their name. Is that acceptable?" Harry could not see it, but he got the impression the female voice nodded. "Then here we go." Harry heard the snap of fingers before he knew no more. (line break) Emerald eyes snapped open with a gasp, as Harry staggered in midstride. He dropped back for a moment, bracing himself against a wall as he motioned on for the other kids around him to move ahead. One had seen the momentary flash of… something… in his face and also halted, peering into his face inquisitively. "Harry, what's wrong?" Harry looked at the boy, who had a slightly pudgy face. He frowned for a moment. "What is your name again?" He asked curiously. He had the felling he should know this boy, but he could not put a name to the face. "Neville. Neville Longbottom. We have known each other since first year. Are you trying to play a prank? Because if you are, it's not a very good one. Besides, now is not the right time for joshing around." "First year?" Harry parroted back at him, confused. "What is that?" "You really don't remember? Oh, I get it. You want me to play along with your joke. Okay. In that case, we all go to a school in Scotland called Hogwarts School for wizardry and witchcraft. The years for the students are first through seventh. Although I should amend my earlier statement, you knew my name since first year. Didn't stop you and your buddies from stunning me though." He muttered under his breath resentfully. Harry heard it and winced. "Uh… Sorry?" He apologized weakly. Neville waved a hand at him, barely acknowledging it. "Eh. We can worry about that later. Anyway, we are here to rescue your godfather, who is being tortured in the department of mysteries in the lowest level of the Ministry of Magic by You-know-who, which houses the magical government. That's Luna, Ginny, Hermione, etc. Did I miss anything?" "Who is you-know who?" Inwardly, Harry snickered. ' You-know-who? What a stupid name. How would anyone even know who they are talking about?' "You know…" Neville trailed off, hoping that Harry would let it drop. "No, I actually don't." ' What is his problem? It's just a name. What harm can it do?' "V-V-Voldemort. Anything else?" Neville finally stammered out, forcing the word from between his lips like it caused him pain. "No." Harry agreed, trying to put him at ease, mind frantically racing to put the pieces together, trying to deflect any attention by playing along. He looked up and scowled. A redhead was coming towards him, interested by Neville and Harry not keeping up with the group. "Harry, mate, are you all right?" The redhead asked, moving closer. Harry glanced at him out