This story was written for LiJuno in The DG Forum Fic Exchange - Summer 2017. Big thank you to Rowan for beta-reading! The breeze felt nice. Ginny leaned back on her chair, letting the sun soak into her skin. No doubt she would gain many new freckles on her bare arms and shoulders. Whatever. The sun felt good, and being outside was better than being stuck in the hotel. Promenade des Anglais had lived up to its reputation: exotic palm trees, an expanse of blue water, and while the pebble beach wasn't ideal, the place was lively and picturesque. She couldn't complain, though she had to admit she was already getting a bit restless. Sticking in one place had never been easy for her. Ginny shut the notebook on her lap and closed her eyes, trying to make herself relax. The salty scent of the sea tickled her senses, intermingled with the delicious smells coming from the restaurants and cafés that lined the promenade. Mmm, coffee and food. Her stomach grumbled. On second thought, maybe she should get something to eat. She opened one eye to glance at her watch and saw it was well past noon. No wonder she was hungry. Still, Ginny felt some hesitance. Just a little, of course. It wasn't like she was a coward; it was just, uh, she was beginning to realise that maybe she should have listened to Hermione and taken her French studies more seriously. Nice was a lovely place: good climate, good places to eat, and enough tourists came to the area to make it doable to survive without knowing much of the language. Still, communicating with people was not easy. She had been winging things for the most part—lots of caveman French and hand gestures. Fact was, studying had never been her forte. She was all about the excitement and enjoyment. " Why can't you just settle down? Why do you always have to make things so difficult?" Ginny's brow creased. Her mother's words had been bugging her more often of late. There had been many disagreements between the two since things with Harry had fallen apart; that tension had only got worse as "Wild Weasley", as Witch Weekly liked to call the younger redhead, started appearing more and more in the magazines. All the photographs of her flings and drunken escapades probably hadn't helped. Still, it wasn't like Ginny intended to go around upsetting people, least of all her mother. She just hadn't found her spark: the thing, person, place—whatever it might be—to give her a reason to anchor the ship that was her life. So she didn't; it was as simple as that. Besides, the thought of settling down with some vanilla guy just to keep the peace made a part of her shrivel up and die. She'd rather eat a whole box of earwax flavoured Bertie Bott's Beans. Her stomach grumbled again. Speaking of eating, she needed food. Ginny gathered her belongings and wandered down the promenade. There were plenty of cafés and restaurants to tempt her fancy, but she ended up going with Chez Vero. The vibe was more casual and it had those stereotypical French chequered tablecloths; that tickled her. Ginny greeted the workers with a friendly "bonjour" and took her seat at one of the tables. She flicked through the menu, but of course it wasn't like she could understand all the French. Never mind, she'd just fall back on the old "what's your special?" trick. Now to try not to butcher it too much. "Um," she began a bit awkwardly. "Quelle est la … uh … spéci—spécialité du jour?" The waiter smiled and pointed out to her the day's special. Ginny wanted to pat herself on the back; her pronunciation had probably sucked, but she had been understood. Success! She got the special and a coffee to drink. Soon, she was enjoying her food and gazing out the window at the people passing by. The lunch rush had already passed, so the café wasn't overly busy. Only a few of the other tables were occupied. So when a tall man with white-blond hair walked through the doors and greeted the workers, she couldn't help but find her eyes drawn to him. Her first thought was that he seemed kind of familiar. Then she got a proper look at his face and her jaw dropped. That had to be Draco Malfoy. Bloody hell, she'd hardly recognised him. He was wearing casual Muggle clothes and his hair was longer and had been pulled back into a ponytail, though some parts had come loose. His face wasn't so pointed now either; he'd grown into his angular features, losing that pinched, bratty look from his teens, but he was still all sharpness and high cheekbones. She couldn't decide if she found him attractive or not. She'd always preferred the roguish sporty type or the cute-guy-next-door look; Malfoy had a harsh beauty. He had the face of someone who should be posing on the cover of a high fashion magazine or striding down a catwalk, not standing in a cosy Muggle café in Nice. Actually, why the hell was he in a Muggle café? She knew why she had chosen to travel Muggle, but Malfoy was the last person she had expected to see in Chez Vero. Maybe it wasn't him. Maybe it was just a look-alike guy. It wouldn't be so farfetched, right? Heck, the last time she'd seen Malfoy had been at Hogwarts—just before his hearing. That had been five or so years ago. The guy's gaze caught hers. His eyes widened and he stared at her for a moment before busying himself with the menu. She pursed her lips. Now she was curious. A stranger wouldn't react like that to seeing her, would he? But then if she was wrong … Ginny resisted the urge to approach him. What was she supposed to say? Hi, are you that bigoted twat I used to know at school? You know, the one who was a Death Eater and whose family only switched sides at the end of the war to save their own skins? Wow, golly gee, fancy seeing you in Nice. … Yeah. She'd skip on that conversation. Still, Ginny couldn't help but find her gaze flickering to the blond. Their eyes met more than a few times; apparently, he was having just as much trouble not staring. It gave her an odd thrill, like playing a game only the two of them knew about. She had to admit to feeling a bit disappointed when she finished her coffee and was able to pay for her meal. This man had presented so many questions—ones her natural curiosity wanted answered. Too bad she couldn't think of a good excuse to talk to him. Ginny walked his way as she headed for the door. Maybe it was because she was too busy staring at the guy instead of watching where she walked; maybe it was the old lady's fault for letting her parasol stick out so much from under the nearby table. Either way, Ginny's foot snagged and she lost her balance. Her stomach plummeted. There was a loud screech as a chair was forced back. A hand grabbed her elbow and tugged, steadying her back to her feet even as she bumped into a man's chest. Her breath caught in her throat—mostly out of relief because she'd been spared falling flat on her face, but also from finding herself inches from the object of her curiosity. "Thanks," she murmured. He released her elbow and stepped back, merely nodding as if to say it was no problem. Now that they were this close, she could see that his eyes were indeed grey just like Malfoy's had been. There was also a tiny smear of blue on his cheek. Paint? A glance at his fingers revealed more speckles—especially around his nails. An artist? That only stirred her curiosity more. This man looked so much like Malfoy, yet nothing she had seen of him so far seemed to add up with her image of the bigoted arse from her school days. Well, except for his reflexes. "You're pretty quick," she observed. He shrugged. "Just happened to be close." She blinked. He had a British accent; sounded like he was from South West England as well. Her gaze dropped to his left forearm where she knew the scarred remnant of a Dark Mark would be tattooed—at least if he was Malfoy. The long sleeve of his shirt covered the area. That was frustrating; all she wanted was some proof. The man noticed where she was looking and rubbed his hand over the spot in an involuntary gesture, as if he wanted to reassure himself the fabric was there. Her brow furrowed. "Anyway," he muttered, turning away from her. "Watch where you're going next time." "Hey, wait—" He threw her a cool stare over his shoulder as if to tell her to back off. She pursed her lips. Now that look was all Malfoy. "Don't we know each other?" she asked. His eyebrow rose a fraction. It was the kind of look that could have been scornful or surprised that she was even asking. Eventually, he turned his back on her once more. "Don't know what you're talking about," he said flatly. "I've got nothing to do with you." Ginny let out a breath. He walked to his table and sat down, not sparing her another glance. She resisted the impulse to march over and keep questioning him—to confirm once and for all if he was the person she thought. His dismissal had been blunt; even she couldn't justify pushing the issue. She'd just look pathetic if she tried. Frowning, she hoisted the strap of her bag more comfortably on her shoulder and exited the café. It was hard not to look back at him. In fact, her thoughts kept drifting to the blond long afterwards. He intrigued her—or at least the possibility that he might be Draco Malfoy intrigued her. It was like being gifted with a puzzle that she itched to put together. All the contradictions, all the similarities. Was it him? Was it just a random Muggle who looked like him? The questions buzzed in her mind, but they also frustrated her. She had never given a damn about Draco Malfoy. There was no reason for her to be so caught up on this guy now. But his behaviour had piqued her. But just the thought of him was like lights flickering in bursts of colour in her mind, demanding her attention in a way she couldn't ignore. Was he? Wasn't he? She wanted to know. Ginny made a frustrated sound and kept walking, forcing herself to think about her plans for the day. She had come to France for a holiday, not stress about some harsh-faced blond who may or may not be the same twat from her school days. It wasn't like she wanted anything from him except to satisfy her own curiosity. The guy had been a bit of a prat anyway. In the end, she chose to go to the Musée d'Art Moderne et d'Art Contemporain. It was supposed to be a popular attraction, and so far the scenery of Nice had done nothing to give her much inspiration. Maybe looking at modern art would do the trick. Laurie, her Muggle-born friend, had certainly sung its praises when she had recommended Nice as a holiday spot. Ginny chose not to dwell on the fact that she had only considered the option now because Mr Mystery Blond had appeared to be an artist of some sort. She made her way through the exhibitions and had to admit that she wasn't sure if modern art was her thing. Some of it was interesting, but some of it was just weird and didn't seem to make much sense. The paintings that only featured a few dots or lines