So this is my first FanFiction ever, please review and let me know what you guys and gals think. Disclaimer: I do not own the PJO series or any of the characters from it. "Make sure they suffer". "It will be done my king". "Are our brothers and sisters prepared". "Yes last I spoke to them they were sharpening their weapons". "The plan must go off perfectly without a hitch, other wise they may survive". "Don't worry sir they will never see it coming, I will take my leave now to join the rest of our family, well at least those who wont be dead by the end of the night". "Good, Oh and Ourea after you deal with them I want you to personally take care of their lovers and their children, they are not worthy of are bloodline". "By the time the sun rises no one will know they ever existed". 22 Years Later Percy's POV We were driving into New York to drop off the wheat and corn the local orphanage by a farm had grown over the last season. I had promised Chiron to take it for him and bring back the earnings, I often did things like this for the orphanage even though I no longer had to be there. It was my home for so many years and I feel that there's a debt I owe, especially to Chiron. He was a mentor to me teaching me right from wrong, making me feel like I had a place in a world where I was all alone. "Percy were almost there, you think they'll be any chicks her for the Bane of woman". "I don't think anybody calls you that Leo and even if they did it wouldn't be a compliment, but we can swing by the bar on the way back maybe there will be a girl for you there". "Cool beans Perce". Leo and I have been best friends for as long as I can remember, I'm a few years older then him and ever since he was dropped off in a basket like I was at the orphanage I've made a vow to Chiron to look after him. Hes like a younger less handsome brother to me, we finally made it downtown and It looked like there were extra police on duty. Which wasn't unusual now a days with all the attacks, people couldn't walk around without worrying about being hurt. "Leo do you know whats up with all the reinforcements". "You didn't hear". "Hear what". "There was a big attack last night and a bunch of people were killed, there saying it was gang related". "How can it be gang related after all our years of living here I've never heard of gangs doing these sorta things". "I've got no idea, but were here so help unload the stuff, the sooner I get to the bar and the Ladyinator starts talking to the ladies the better". "Whatever you say Leo, whatever you say". We finally made it to the bar thank goodness for Leo I swear I could hear him vibrating next to me on the drive over. I figured I'd let him suffer a little longer so I hopped out and decided I'd let him park the car. I was currently sitting at the bar waiting to be served by the waitress, she was about 5'9 with blonde hair and gorgeous grey eyes. The kinda eyes that make you melt, she looked about my age. Shes walking over so I should try to not make an idiot out of myself for once in my life. Once she got over she asked "What can I get ya?" "Ummm a shot of whiskey?". "Sure thing coming right up" she says to me as she winks and walks away. Stupid, Stupid, Stupid why would I say that last time I had whiskey I couldn't drink half of it. Well its not like I'll ever see her again so I may as well try to pull this off with out looking like an idiot, which is probably the worst idea I've ever had but when in doubt. I turn and see Leo in the corner trying and failing to talk to woman, I feel bad for the guy not that I'm any better but Leo just seems to be in league of his own. He just needs to find the right person and I'm not even sure that's enough. The bar tender is walking back over here and I cant help but stare, here I am talking about Leo and I wouldn't even know the first thing to say to her. "Here's your whiskey" she says as she slowly slides it onto the table with a knowing smile. "Thanks, where uh where are you from". Nice one Percy real smooth, shes definitely going to like you now. Just as shes about to reply the bar door slams open and in walks a bunch of guys, one guy in particular who looks a little older then me with blonde hair and lightning blue eyes stands out from the rest. Hes wearing a leather jacket with jeans and hes fiddling with a coin. His friends leave to go sit at a table, but he seems to catch the bar tender out of the corner of his eye. Oh great now I'm definitely not getting her number. The guy comes and sits down next to me and orders two shots of whiskey winking at the bar tender but to my surprise shes not winking back maybe I got a shot after all. As soon as she puts the shots down he fires them down his throat one at a time. I'm surprised he didn't do them both at once with his testosterone levels. "Hey babe" he says to the bar keeper. "What can I do for you" she reply's. "Whats your name". "Whats it to you". "I just wanna know what a beautiful girl like you is doing in a dump like this". "I should ask the same question". "No need to be feisty I just wanted to know". "My names Isabelle if that's all you wanted to know". "Actually I was wondering about a certain phone number you may have Isabelle". "I don't have a number that I'm gonna let you see". "Don't be like that, don't you wanna go home with someone like me tonight". "Pshh Please, get out of the bar I don't have time for people like you". "And what kind of person it that?" "A stupid one". All of a sudden he reached over and roughly grabbed her wrist. "Now you listen her Isabelle I wasn't making a request, I was making a demand." Next thing I new she was dumping beer over the guys head. "You little bitch" he said as he grabbed her hair. I guess I should probably intervene and be the hero of the day because of course I'm good at that. I quickly stood up and yelled at the guy "Let her go or else". I'm praying that will be enough to scare the guy off but if I was a betting man I wouldn't place anything on it. He seamed a little taken back by me yelling at him like no one had dared to do it before. Luckily he let go of Isabelle and unluckily he turned towards me. "And what are you gonna do about it" he said if its possible to say anything more cliche. "I'm uh gonna do something you wont like". "Is that right" he said "Oh I'm trembling in my boots". I hope he is cause I definitely am, I've never been in a fight before and I don't plan on it. He took his coin out and started to twirl it in his fingers. "You've got to the count of three to leave the bar or else and I will follow through on my threat unlike you" he said as he pointed the golden coin at me. "3" Is this guy seriously threatening me with a coin. "2" I took one last look at Isabelle and knew what I had to do. "1" All of a sudden the guy threw the coin into the air and I watched it spin, it felt like the world was in slow motion as I saw the rotation of it in mid air and just as it reached its apex I decided to make my move. The guy didn't see it coming for some reason he was so dependent on that damn coin. I squared my shoulders and right when it was half way back to his hand I threw the first real punch I had ever thrown in my life, but for some reason it was an amazing punch. Almost like I had some sorta power running through my veins. The punch hit him square on the jaw sending him to the floor as his coin hit the ground. For some reason it almost looked like it was transforming into a sword, but it must have been the adrenaline, plus I didn't stay long enough to figure it out. I ran straight to Leo yanking his arm to get going. "Come on Leo we've gotta go quick, we need to run are ass off". "Run are ass off for what I was just starting to get to know Linda here". I looked and saw Linda role her eyes, poor Leo the guy didn't stand a chance. I turned around and sure enough the Coininator 3000 was getting up ready for round two yelling at his drunk friends who were across the bar. "I'm sorry I gotta ruin this for you Leo but look over there" I said pointing at the guy, "You see him". "Yea what about him". "I just punched him square in the face and now him and his friends are gonna come kill us". "Us you mean YOU". "No I mean us were in this together". "Why would you punch him any way". "He was harassing the bar tender". "Oh so just because you gotta a thing for her you had to go around being the hero". "I don't got a thing for her". "Yes you do". "No I don't". "Yes you do". "No I don't". "Boys" said Linda "I hate to ruin the moment but you might want to run". Leo and I turned just in time to get out of the way as one of the Coininator 3000's henchmen came crashing between us going for a tackle landing on the ground with a hard thud, with the rest not far behind. Leo grabbed my arm and asked" What the hell are you waiting for lets go?" So we sprinted out of the bar as fast as we could with Leo yelling "I'll catch you on the flip side Linda". It was pitch black once we got out of the bar, I looked for the car but it was no where to be found. "Leo wheres the car". "It should be right there" he said while pointing towards a fire hydrant. "Why would you park next to the fire hydrant". "Why wouldn't I". "Its illegal, the car probably got towed". "Oh...well shit". "Yeah OH SHIT, I just punched a guy in the face and we don't have an escape vehicle". "Escape vehicle, snail vehicle. Who needs that when we can run, your looking at the track champion of my junior year of high school". "Leo you came in 15th and there were only 10 runners". "Who cares about the details, you got any better ideas". "No, running it is". As soon as I said that sentence the bar door crashed open with Coininator 3000 and all his henchmen in their full glory. "You had to punch the guy with all the friends didn't you" Leo said. "Yep, I did". "Well look who it is boys, Pipsqueak and the guy way under Linda's league". Oh I wish he didn't