Twilight: Phase Two 1873 " Maria." I walked up to my vampire mistress and sire, bowing my head to a tilt. She eyed me coolly, red eyes hard. "How is the training with the newborns?" I frowned as I thought of what to tell her. "Since they are still young, they are a talented group, only about a month old; they will do much use before their year is up. Though soon, I need to take them to feed, the time is almost up." She nodded slightly at what I said. I looked to the right to see Jasper teaching a couple of newborns, ripping a female of dark red hair's arm off and smashing her to the ground, throwing her arm in front of her face. "Don't attack me like that, next time." He growled out. Maria gave me a look that showed I was dismissed and I nodded my head, saying a "Ma'am" in reply. I usually didn't use formalities with her, but I've only been a vampire for a couple of years now, around a decade at the most. They are a habit. I ran to where my group was and said. "Okay, time to feed. I will take you with me and you will do as I say unless you want to face punishment, is that understood?" One snarled at me and I narrowed my eyes in annoyance. "I asked is that understood?" A male with short blond hair attacked me, his red eyes dulled, turning darker with thirst. I step sided and grabbing his arm, ribbing it from the socket. He howled in agony and I snarled in his face and his shoulders shrunk, growling lowly in defense. I growled, it ripping through my chest. "Reattach your arm, newborn." I hissed. I threw it to him. He did, tensing in pain as he attached it with venom. I said. "Can we go now?" They grunted, but did nothing to incur my wrath. I nodded. "Good, come on." I ran toward the towns and the newborns followed me. I let them loose and they attacked the people of the night and did what they were told as to disposing of the bodies to make them harder to find. The scent of blood in the air made my throat burn and I lunged at the oversized young women screaming, two heartbeats coming from her. I was shook out of my memory when Roy came out of his house in Converse, blue jeans and a blue t-shirt. He grinned when he saw me, shifting his backpack on shoulders I grinned from where I was leaning on my motorbike, haven't ridden it in a while. He groaned when he saw me with the bike. As he walked closer, I handed him the helmet. He shook his head at me, his black bangs falling into his eyes. I brushed one away with a loving smile. He grinned at me and I put one leg over the bike, sitting down. I felt his heat from behind me, against my back. I said. "Hold on." I felt his arms around my waist and his helmet against my back. I smiled and reamed the engine, darting forward. I felt and heard him heartbeats against my back. It didn't take long for us to be at school. He moved his hands and got off, so did I right after hhim. I pocketed the keys. He wrapped an arm around my shoulders (I'm only slightly taller at about 5 feet 10 inches) and walked into school with me. It only made me smile more, he wanted to feel like he could protect me and I could give him this bit. One of the human males smiled at me and I slightly, nodding my head. I felt Roy's glare on him. I chuckled at him. "Are you…jealous?" He huffed and tightened his grip on me before letting go. "I don't like guys looking at you." I grinned at him softly and kissed him on the lips. "Don't worry about that, love. You are the only one for me." He smiled back and nodded. "I know my southern dear, sorry." I laughed a bit at the nickname he gave me over the summer. "Okay, time for class, see you at lunch." We walked in different directions and I had Photo Tech with Alice and Edward. Emmett and Rosalie 'graduated' already. I walked in and waved to Edward and Alice, sitting by them at their rounded table. We had to take pictures, concentrated still pictures of the people of our table, to try to 'capture the beauty' or so he said. I swear he should become a Drama Teacher instead. I grabbed the camera and smirked. "Pose, Eddie." He gave me a glare and snatched it from me, snapping a picture. "Don't call me that." Alice snickered from next to us. "Stop it, both of us." Edward took a couple of pictures of me and Alice. "She started it." I rolled my eyes and grabbed the camera from him, taking pictures of him and Alice. "Did not." I teased. He growled under his breath and Alice said. "Remember to bring Roy tonight; I'm having a party for Bella like I did for Roy." I shrugged and leaned back, tossing the camera to Alice. "Sure, no dress." Her mouth opened and I shook my head. "Nope." "Arya-" "Uh, no." "Just listen to me fo-" "How about a no." "Fine!" I smirked at her and she narrowed her eyes. The bell rang and Alice brought the camera to the front desk. That was how the day went; I had Roy for history again. Instead of American History we had Economics and Government. It was close to the same stuff, they would mention American things along with the happenings around the world's history. I sat with Roy, a grin on my face of getting to see him. I just fed yesterday, so it's not so hard being around all these humans and Roy being here just makes it better. They were teaching about the beginning of time. Like I haven't heard this lecture millions of times and adding that with my vampire memory it was a bore. I just smiled at Roy and rolled my eyes at the sweating overweight man. He laughed under his breath, but shushed me, his paper full of notes. "Miss. Cullen." I looked up to see the teacher looking at me behind hid glasses with narrowed eyes and flushed face. "Yes, sir?" He blinked, shocked at my respect and recovered. "If you were paying attention could you tell me what type of government Greece had and describe that government for me as well as what our government is and describe that?" His face was smug, well I'll show him. I gave him a polite smile and leaned back in my chair. "Greece, Athens had a Direct Democracy which shouldn't be confused with the United States Representative Democracy as Direct Democracy allows everyone to make decisions and ours rely on representatives which we vote for on elections." His smug expression changed from that to pure a shook, his eyebrows went past the top of his glasses and skin pulled to show wide eyes and his mouth pulled at a gap. I just grinned at him and he whiped his forehead and went on with the lesson with a shake of the head. Class ended and it was time for lunch. Roy laughed as we walked down the hall. "That was horrible!" I grinned at him, amused. "You mean it was not funny to you, then." He rolled his eyes at me, a smile working at his lips. "That's not what I mean and you know it. You are over a century older than him." I shrugged and as we walked through the cafeteria doors. "I didn't become an actual scholar till '65. Sure I learned things later on from when I left in the 1930's, but it was mostly traveling around. Not being a soldier anymore." I stood in line and Roy just shook his head smiling. I grabbed whatever and piled it on my plate. I wrinkled my nose at the human food, how do they handle this stuff? I sat down next to Jasper and Roy sat on my other side, near Emmett. Rose turned a bit away from him and I gave her a glare. She really needs to get past this. Jasper kept his nose down turned, away from his scent. He did give him a smile in greeting, which Roy returned. I turned to Roy. "Oh Roy, they're be a party at my house and what she says, usually goes unless Carlisle overrides it." Roy chuckled. "I figured." Jasper's lips twitched in an amused expression with a fond look. We just talked into the bell ran and finished the rest of our classes, no matter how boring they were. / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / I was driving toward Roy's house, dressed in a light women's button down shirt, black jeans and my leather jacket (though no temperature change touched me in any way). Turning off the key, I cut the engine as wheels crunched over gravel. I opened the door, closing in lightly (not wanting to break it like those other times). I walked to his door and knocked a couple of times. A moment later, Roy opened it in a black button down shirt with silver lining and blue jeans, a jean jacket over his shoulders. He smiled at me and gave me a kiss. I smiled and kissed him back, until I felt his chest breathe a little sharper and I moved away, smiling at his sigh of disappointment. He closed the door and locked it. I cocked my head to the side. "Where's your mom?" He leaned against the wall and said. "She has an extra shift at the hospital." I nodded; he told me she was a nurse at the hospital. I think she was one of the only nurses that didn't fall for Carlisle. Even if it was amusing to see. "You're alone?" I let my arm lean against his head. He rolled his eyes. "We are not starting this again. I lived like this for now 18 years. I can handle myself." I sighed at him and opened my mouth to say something, but my phone rang. I frowned at my pocket and picked it up. "Hello?" "Arya, no fighting." My eyes widened, she looking into my future! She usually does, but not like this. "Alice, do not look in my future." I felt my anger build up, I hate when she did this. Roy hand went to my arm with a concerned look. I knew he and Alice could here the anger in my tone. I calmed down. Alice apologized to me and I hung up, shoving it into my pocket. I pressed my lips to his, pressing up closer, smiling. I moved off, grabbed his hand and pulled him with me. I moved to the passenger side of the car and unlocked it, sliding in. He opened the door hesitantly and gave me a surprised look. I gave him a soft smile and gave him a wave of my hand. I didn't forget how he felt a couple of months ago at Prom and since he was healed, I didn't mind him driving anymore. As long as he didn't drive my baby, I didn't care. He grinned at me happily as I gave him the keys he took them and drove, a little too slow for my taste, but he was happy, so I could deal with it. He asked for directions every once in a while, but others than that, it was a normal ride. He went around a couple times to crunch over the road and stop at the driveway. He moved the keys from the ignition and gave