Arya Scout Taylor Cullen Chapter 1 I sighed and chuckled. "Jasper? How many High School diplomas have you, I and Alice collected"? He smirked at me. "I'd say 3 or 4, what do you think". Alice jumped over and hugged Jasper. "I believe 5 is the number". She kissed him and I rolled my eyes, faking disgust. "Sorry to see you both wrong, but 6 would have to be it. I have them in my room". Jasper was like a brother to me since the late 1800's or early 1900's. Later on around 1940's or 1950's were the same for Alice. Jasper was a bit serious, but was fun too if you knew him. He was born in the mid 1800's as was I and we were both in the Civil War, though as a woman I was disguised. He had Honey blond hair and golden eyes as did I which was custom of vampires who drank animal blood. Yeah, I'm an old vampire as is my old family. Alice had the same gold eyes, but black short spiky hair that poked in every other direction which matched her personality greatly. She was spunky, hipper, and happy and fashion crazed. She is best that way all the same, though it was time to go to school again with the rest of our Vampire family/coven. I took my keys out of my pocket and sighed. "I wish I could run". "And see one of the Cullen girls walking to school, coming out of the woods". I grinned and looked to see Edward coming downstairs. "Like I cared what the human's thought". I then heard Emmett. "Speaking of humans, did you hear the Chief's daughter coming here"? I nodded. "Yeah, it something new, of course they would talk about it". Rosalie muttered. "Of course they would". Alice grabbed Jasper hand and dragged him to the Garage, where they would take Edward's car with him, Emmett and Rosalie. I had another way to get there. Edward called. "Have fun"! I glared. "Stay out of my head, Ed". I heard the car doors shut and Edward called. "Don't call me that". They were gone and Esme came out and told me to be careful. I told her that I was a vampire and could not be hurt by any type of crash. Esme smiled and said. "Sorry, I know. I just worry about you". I'm happy I can't blush anymore. I said bye and then finally got in the garage. I saw Carlisle car gone from when he went to the hospital. My motorcycle was there. An amazing engine, powdered blue paint job and speed up to 200 miles per hour. A helmet was on the right handle, I didn't need it, but I didn't want a ticket either. Pulling the unneeded safety on my head, I lightly pushed the kick stand off, put my key in and started the ignition with a simple turn of my wrist. Grinning to myself, I took off, 70...80...100...120...140 and when I gotten closer to town, I went slower until I was going 70 and when I was close enough to the school, I went 30. I parked next an empty spot next to Edward's Silver Volvo. I got off and pulled my keys. I looked around and noticed a beat up pickup truck away from me, must be the new girl. Part of being a vampire grants me perfect memory and I don't remember this truck, though it could be someone else's. I sighed again and stiffened. The taste of blood affects me a lot still, just not as much as Jasper. I stopped myself from breathing since I didn't need to and walked to class. Geometry, Mr. Halton. I past the front desk, where red headed was. I sat through something I been through before and just listening, taking slight notes anyway. The only classes that really hold my attention are English and History. I think some of the things in History about the Civil War are amusing. After a boring hour of that, I sat through Government and then History, it was time for Lunch. I grabbed a plate of food I was not going to eat and sat between Edward and Alice. It was about ten minutes and then I heard. "Who are they"? I looked to see the new girl, Isabella Swan, she looked like the Chief. I saw Edward look at Isabella and then turn away. I rose an eyebrow. "Curious, Ed"? He turned to glare at me. "Don't call me that". "How about Eddy"? That was from good 'ol Emmett. Edward glared at the both of us. I smirked in return while Emmett grinned. Rose rolled her eyes at us and I saw Jasper smirk, but look at Edward with narrowed eyes. What is he thinking about? Alice moved closer to him, calming him. With Alice it feels like she has the same gift as him, manipulating feeling like that. I heard. "That's Edward and Emmett Cullen, and Rosalie and Jasper Hale, the only ones left are Arya and Alice Cullen, they all live together with Dr. Cullen and his wife". Man, these people really know their facts, just not the right ones. I laughed to myself, Edward rolled his eyes and Jasper gave me a strange look. Edward was picking at the bagel on his tray and Edward said. "Just the new kid learning about us". "They are...very nice-looking". I raised my eyebrows and said. "That's a flattering way to put it". Rose scoffed. "There is nothing flattering about a human comment". Well, someone's bitter. Edward gave a snort. "Get out of my head". "...That's really kind of nice-for them to take care of all those kids like that, when they're so young and everything". "I guess so". "I heard that can't have any kids". Emmett chuckled. "That's not very nice". Rose had a scowl and Alice rolled her eyes. I shrugged. "It's the truth if you think about it". Rose gave me a glare which I ignored. "Have they always lived in Forks"? "No, they just moved down two years ago somewhere in Alaska". "Which one is the boy with the reddish brown hair"? Well, someone's interested in him. He elbowed me under the table in the side. "That's Edward, he's gorgeous of course, but don't waste you time. He doesn't date. Apparently, none of the girls here are good enough for him". I smirked and said to Emmett. "Remember the look on her face when Edward turned her down, Em". Jasper shook his head. "At least you didn't have the feeling". This lunch was turning more amusing than I thought. Lunch ended and I had Biology II with Edward and I followed him. He sat down in his empty table and I sat behind him with a black haired- blue eyed boy named Ethan. He was named Ethan and never talked really that much. The door opened and Isabella Swan came in. The fan blew and I put my head down, trying to stay down wind. Blood, the smell made me hungry. If only I could have that sweetness, the warm taste... "Stop it"! I shook my head slightly as Edward hissed at me. I narrowed my eyes at him. I looked down at him and bared my teeth slightly and stopped realizing where I was. I then figured out why it bothered him, could her blood be effecting him. She sat down by Edward as told by the teacher. He was stiff the whole time and I was getting worried about him. He wouldn't actually attack her, would he? He must have some sort of control; I could always pull him away if worst comes to worst. The bell rang and Edward was out before anyone else moved. I frowned to see him use slight vampire speed. I got up and decided to follow him. He was walking toward the main office. I asked. "What was that about"? He scowled at me. "I don't know, Arya". I pressed on as we walked. "Has it happened before"? He said tensely. "I don't know". I went on. "What could-". He snapped as we reached the Main Office. "I don't know, all right"! I sighed. "Fine, just talk to Carisle about it". He glared, but he arrived at Mrs. Cope's desk and he asked to be switched from Biology II and she checked her computer and said there was no space. He was arguing back and forth until a wind blew by and I tensed as the smell of the new girl, Isabella came through. Edward smelled it and said. "Never mind, then. I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help". He then turned and walked off. With a frown, I followed him. He said, as we walked out of the building. "I'm not going to Carlisle with this, I can handle it". I snapped. "Carlisle would know, all you need to do is let go of your pride". He rolled his eyes at me. "Like your one to talk about that". I kept my lips tight, hiding my bared teeth. "I won't tell the others, go to Carlisle". He didn't say anything and I said. "Fine, let's just wait until you take a chunk out of her neck". He glared at me. "Fine". I walked off and went to my bike. I was now aggravated and the time I was on my bike, felt calming waves hit me. I relaxed and then said. "Stop that Jasper, don't". Turning the bike on, I left. Watching the trees pass was relaxing though I'd have to admit. I stopped at a Gas station and filled up. Finishing with that, I wrote home. Everyone was there, even Carlisle. Edward explained what happened and in the end Jasper and Emmett had smirks. Rose thought it was another stupid human and Alice then froze and I frowned to see her have a vision. Edward scowled. "Absolutely not". Carlisle asked. "What is it"? "Isabella being close to us". Rose snapped. "No"! I sighed. "Me and Jasper lived with Alice and what I learned is the future is never defined". Alice pouted, but I sent her a look. Jasper looked like he agreed. Carisle smiled. "Arya is right, we don't need to worry, but Edward if you want to stay away for a week you can". Edward agreed and that was that... The week was the same and Edward was not here, but we went to our classes and hung around and talked at lunch. At home Edward was talking to us, hunting a lot or playing his piano and in his room listening to music or reading. I just hunted Thursday and for some reason Isabella or Bella as I heard her say she likes to be called, looked at Edward seat to see if he was here, almost like she wanted him to be. But I dropped that. He gives glares that could give death; no one would want to be around a person like that. Emmett was playing video games with Jasper and I watched. "Imagine if we had this when we were kids". Jasper laughed as he made a turn on the road. "Tell me about it". They finished and I set up the Wii we had and put my race car game in, I grabbed the white steering wheel. Jasper and Emmett left to do something. I was bored using one hand to go around corners and then a car bumped into me and I twisted too hard, breaking the wheel from it. I swore and dropped the wheel next to me on the couch. "Arya"! I looked to see Alice bound up next to me. I asked. "What"? I smiled at me and I rolled my eyes, I got up. We learned to fear when that look came to her eyes. She pulled my arm. "Sit". I sat and she sung. "I got a vision". I