He had begun to shiver, Thranduil noted absentmindedly. Wrapping his arms about himself, the Elven king took another step onto the snow-covered ground, a pure white that rivaled even that of the clouds' with not even a hint of grass peeking out rebelliously from underneath them. When the soles of his bare feet touched the little particles that formed the powdery substance, an unexpected shiver was sent shooting up his spine – or rather, it was expected. It should have been expected. It was the dead of winter yet here he was, out in the cold with a distinct lack of outerwear and no shoes. He had nothing protect him from the onslaught of the cold but his flimsy silken pyjamas. And they most certainly were not meant to be worn out on a winter night. With his arms wrapped about himself, the king could only move his hands up and down, up and down to try to rub some warmth back into his body. Valar help him, but there had to some way to stop the cold from biting into his skin! Go inside. I can't. Thranduil caught himself, stopping suddenly as if he had run into an unmoving wall of brick. If it were at all possible, he could've sworn that he'd run into himself. Was he talking to himself? Had he descended into madness? Would this mean Legolas' ascension to the throne? Bah! But he was getting ahead of himself. He knew that he had always had a natural inclination to respond to stupidity – was that too harsh a word? – with cutting wit, or at the very least with a reply that would shoot down any ludicrous suggestions. Except, was it truly so ridiculous to simply turn around and go back inside, to the warmth of his bed, a fire burning at his feet? All it would take was a split second turn on his heels and a few – perhaps not a few, but certainly not more than fifteen – steps to the gates. But there was a reason he was here. There had been something that had prompted him to get out of bed and pad silently out to the gardens, even as the guards posted outside his chambers began to formulate the beginnings of a query. It irked him that he couldn't remember what it was. In fact, he couldn't even remember how he'd gotten out here in the first place. Clearly, he'd walked, but there were no traces of that walk in his mind. He couldn't for the life of him remember the turns he'd taken and the hallways he'd tread through to make his way here. And here happened to be a garden that did not at all resemble a garden. Never mind the snow. Never mind the weather that would not allow anything to grow. He distinctly recalled that it had been made impermissible to enter the gardens. By his father? Or had it been him to decree it? Vaguely, Thranduil thought of how it was rather cruel of him to do so. Wood elves loved trees, particularly old ones that told of a time long gone and stories of its lifetime – and there was a strikingly large oak tree right in the middle of the garden, an obvious sign to its age. It had probably been here since the Second Age, before a prince had become a king. Walking up to the tree now, Thranduil could only look up in wonderment at the towering branches it held. Once, when he was young and fanciful, he would've climbed up to the highest branch and reached out his hand to touch the stars. They were so beautiful, their light in stark contrast to the dark of the night. He imagined that one might even deign to fall into his hand, if only he could stretch his arm just a little bit further. " Ada , look!" called the voice of a young child, and Thranduil could not help the speed with which his head whipped around. There was nothing. Or if there was something, then he could not see it. But, as surely as the sun rose in the east and set in the west, the voice came again, and this time, he was certain that he recognized it. It was the gift and the curse of an elf, a long memory. He never forgot anything. " Ada , look at me!" Instinctively, almost as if he were reliving a scene from his past, the king's arms fell to his sides and he adopted the stern tone of a father as he said, " Dian las, no. That doesn't look to be very safe at all." But, of course, Legolas never listened to him – he blamed it on his constant indulgence of the child – and no sooner had the restriction left his lips then his little elfling was speeding past him, trying to gain enough momentum to launch him into the miniature mountain of snow that he'd finished building not two minutes ago. Watching his son now tearing through the field, his arms crossed over his chest, the king conceded that he should've put a stop to the snow play the moment it started. As much as he was the crown prince, Legolas, son of Thranduil, was just as mischievous and surely he had not expected anything less than this to happen when he saw what his son was building. Now the child was going to sprain an arm or a leg, or even worse! He'd break it. How would he explain that to the queen then? "Legolas, stop," he tried again, but he knew it would mean nothing. If there was one thing he could count on, it was the child's singular purpose and for now, that pile of snow was his mind's only focus. His fate was inevitable. However, even knowing this, Thranduil could not keep his breath from catching in his throat and his heart from pounding against the confinements of his chest when Legolas stopped running, and instead began sailing through the air, heading straight for the snow hill. On any other given day, under any other circumstance, the sight of his only son stuck in a pile of snow with only the very tips of his boots poking out would have been nothing short of comical. But for now, he was horror stricken, and he could no sooner stop himself from running to the elfling's side than he could stop an advancing army of Orcs, ten thousand strong, on his own. " Iôn-nin ," he cried. The cold of the snow stung the skin of his bare hands, but he ignored them, fatherly instincts taking over. He grabbed fistfuls of snow, pushing them away, shoveling through them to find his son. From somewhere under his frantic hands, he could hear giggling, so to some extent, Thranduil was confident that his son was alright – but that did not change the fact that the rapid beating of his heart would not slow to a more acceptable pace until he had found the fair head of the elfling. He could feel his sleeves beginning to dampen as the snow melted and despite the biting chill of winter, beads of perspiration were beginning to form on his forehead. "Valar help me, Legolas, I will beat you raw. You will not be able to sit for a week." " Nana will not allow it," came his son's cheeky reply just as the king unearthed his nose. Then a tongue protruded through the snow and proceeded to eat some of it up. "Is snow edible, Ada ?" Which of those two completely unrelated sentences was he to respond to? "You ask me that after you have already eaten it, penneth . Now where is the wisdom in that?" He pushed bits of snow away from the child's face, his whole body warming at the sight of the endearing features that he knew so well, from the blue of his eyes to the curve of his smile. As he pulled the elfling out of the snow, the young king put on as menacing a tone as he could manage. "And if I so chose to hit you, Legolas, your mother would not be able to stop me." "But you wouldn't hit me, would you, Ada ?" Valar, but the child knew that he was his only weakness. He should not have brought him those little soldiers when he returned from Imladris. The king scooped his son up into his arms and pushed back the stray hairs that had escaped from its braid. There would be enough snowy adventures for the day – for the rest of the week really, if he were honest. What had he been thinking when he said that he wanted a son? "I will not answer that question, Legolas, because I may very well find that one day, I will have to punish you." The child in his arms looked up at his father in alarm, and he in turn, smiled benignly down at him. "But today is not that day. No child should be punished for merely entertaining himself, no matter how dangerous the activity may be. Let us get you cleaned up now, and make you presentable for dinner." "And then we can go see Nana ?" the elfling asked excitedly. Unconciously, Thranduil held the child a little tighter, a little closer, citing some nonsense about spending time after dinner and reading to his mother. Even as Legolas began rattling off the titles of books he'd recently read that his mother might enjoy, the king was filled with dread. He did not want to sit at the head of an empty table any longer. He did not want to open the doors to his quarters and find his wife, the mother of his child, pregnant with their second and sickly. It had been weeks since he last saw her walking about. It had been weeks since the healers had come and pronounced it a miracle that she had not lost the child and since they told him that… But he could hardly bring himself to think of the words. They had not yet come to pass. That was a matter for another day. As he rounded the corner to the stairwell, a flash of gold and blue moved just out of the corner of his eye. He did not need to turn his attention to the gardens to know what it was. Putting Legolas down, Thranduil placed a firm hand on the child's shoulder, the one thing that always told his son that he needed to obey his father just now. "Legolas, go upstairs and have Firyë help you wash. I will meet you in precisely half the hour for dinner. Go now." Thranduil barely waited for his son's form to disappear from sight before he turned around and went back in the direction from which he came, all the while only one thought in his mind. That she should not be out of bed. That she was not well enough yet. He was sure that she heard his footsteps before her maids even began to scurry away. Their king was normally a fair man, the picture of serenity, but when he was so provoked, he wore his wrath upon his sleeve. And right now, he was worried and that worry served only to intermingle with his anger at the guards for letting her leave and the maids for helping her. Such was his ire that he could not undertake the task of stringing words together and constructing a sentence. Oh, but how could she have been so foolish as to leave her bed and come down here? It was a long walk from their bedroom and there was a closer garden. He'd made sure of it. "Eirien." His voice as he said her name was soft and gentle, the kind that