* Author Note: This is my first fanfiction so please be gentle. Having said that please feel free to tell me what you think. I apologize before hand if I missed any errors in this. Thank you for taking the time to read my little fanfiction. -007twihunger xoxo Chapter One: The Reaping I stare out the backdoor window as my hands hover in the air over the pristine black and white keys of the piano, until I realize what I'm doing then almost immediately I duck my head and press the keys down and try to come up with what song I should play. I end up deciding on an old song my mother use to sing to me when I was little called the Hanging Tree. The song doesn't have any sheet music to it so I have to make up my own but since I play by ear it isn't that hard. Just as I submerge myself into the song there is a sharp knock at my backdoor which makes me jerk away from the piano slightly as well as accidentally press a few wrong keys making me wince before I pull my hands into my lap then rise from the piano bench. I straighten out my new white dress. Just as I start walking towards the backdoor there is a timid knock, which makes me pick up my pace a little since I know that that last knocked belonged to Katniss while the foremost belonged to Gale. When I reach the door I pause then pull in a much needed breath before making sure my dress and hair are presentable in the hallway mirror before I plaster on my best Capital smile. With one more breath I open the door and take it the two seam kids standing on my back porch. Katniss gives me a friendly smile while she tugs awkwardly at the end of her braid as Gale openly glares at me, his arms folded across his chest. My eyes immediately search out Katniss, I offer up as much of a real smile as I can with Gale so close and glaring at me for things I can't control. Katniss offers up the container of strawberries her and Gale bring me whenever there in season. "Thanks" I mumble meekly taking the basket from my friends outstretched hands before placing the container of strawberries onto the counter and even swifter yanking down the jar we keep on top of the refrigerator for strawberries. With a small awkward smile I hand Katniss the coins like I do every transaction, completely ignoring Gale. But unlike normally Gale catches my eye as he states at me openly. Looking me up then down before saying "pretty dress Undersee" with a smile on his face. I smile back feeling pleasantly surprised by his comment. I look down and straighten my dress once more before looking up at him and noticing that he's not smiling at me but instead smirking. With a heavy sinking heart I just stare at him before replying in a monotone "well if I end up going to the Capital, I want to looks nice, don't I?" which makes him glare venomously at me, his arms drop then fist at his sides as he takes a small step toward me "you won't be going to the Capital," Gale says coolly as his hard gray eyes come to rest on my gold pin on the front of my dress. I fight the urge to fix my pin under his close scrutiny. "What could you have? Five entries? I had six when I was just twelve" I glare at him and open my mouth ready to retort but before I can Katniss says "that's not her fault" causing me to smile at her genuinely, silently thanking her for defending me to her best friend. "No ones fault. Just the way it is" Gale replies haughtily, making me absentmindedly close off my face and take on my Capital mayor's daughter smile as well as my role that I was taught at the tender age of three. I offer Katniss one last genuine smile as I continue to ignoring Gale Hawthorne's existence, "good luck, Katniss" "You too" she says giving me a grimace in the place of the smile I know she tries to give me, silently apologizing to me about her best friend before they turn and trudge towards the backyard gate. I watch them for a few more seconds before closing the backdoor then placing the container of strawberries for a later snack into the refrigerator. It doesn't take me too long to pull on my black kitten heels and after that I'm rushing from my house towards the bakery. I ignore the glances, laughs, and dirty looks pointed at me from people as I rush through town towards the bakery to see my best friend and only friend besides Katniss and his brothers. Once I reach the bakery I can't help but release a relieved sigh, seeing the practically empty bakery, save from the Mellark boys and no doubt there parents probably in the back. A goofy grin spreads across my face as I watch through the large window of the bakery as Rye tosses a handful of flour at his younger brother, making Peeta immediately retaliate by tossing a handful of what looks like either salt or sugar into Rye's shaggy blond hair. With a happy smile I walk into the bakery, causing the bell overhead to chime my greeting. All three Mellark boys look at me and grin warmly at me as I make my way up to the counter. "What can I get for you Madgie?" Peeta's bright voice asks. I stare down at the display case looking at all the yummy treats before looking back up at my best friend, giving him a smile as I do, "a three tiered chocolate cake with strawberry filling, a loaf of bread, and two apple turnovers. Please and thank you" is my sweet reply which gains a snort of laughter from both Bannock and Rye, who are adding and rearranging things in the display case as well as the few baskets and treys behind the counter. Peeta narrows his eyes at me causing me to do the same, silently saying its okay for me to buy him things since he's my one true friend … well besides the silent friendship Katniss and I share, but that's only at school where we're both friendless, for two very different reasons. Katniss's being that she's as friendly as a cactus while no one wants to be friends with the likes of me because of who my father is. "What? Am I not allowed to buy food for my best friend, in the hopes I can bribe him to spend some time with me?" I question with a raised eyebrow daring him to object but knowing he won't since he buys me small things on occasion with the small monthly allowance he gets from his dad for working at the bakery. Peeta and I glare one last time at each other for good measures before Peeta grumbles out a "fine" as he starts to ring up my purchases to my families account then rather quickly placing two fresh apple turnovers into a dessert box before placing a no doubt fresh loaf of bread on the back corner of the bar behind him where things wait for delivery. "You need the cake for tonight right for after the reaping?" Bannock asks as he jots down on a small notepad. I just smile and nod my head. After Peeta hands me the dessert box with our apple turnovers in them as he turns towards his brothers "I'm going to take my break now" he says taking off his apron then placing it on an empty hook before making his way from around the corner to me. Peeta and I sit in comfortable silence as we watch his older brothers ring up peoples purchases while we nibble at on our apple turnovers. "How are things with your mom going?" Peeta questions making me jump slightly from being startles by his sudden question. My gaze swiftly comes to rest on my best friend. Light blues eyes meet dark blue eyes. I stare at him a few seconds, trying my best to think how I should reply so I don't breakdown and cry, "the same, I guess." Is the very intellectual response I'm capable of thinking up off the top of my head. Peeta nods, not looking at me but instead at his half eaten turnover he holds. "How are things with your mom going?" I ask, throwing his own question back at him as my eyes search his face, which is for once void free of any cuts or bruises. I watch as Peeta's shoulders lift then drop "she's been all bark and no bite for the past two weeks" he states lowly for only me to hear as the bell over the door announces two new customers. It's not a surprise to anyone that Mrs. Mellark not only beats her three son's but her husband as well. I watch as Peeta takes notice of something over my right shoulder before dropping his gaze to his now discarded apple turnover. That one look and I know. That one look of hurt that passes through Peeta's kind warm blue eyes lets me know that the two new costumers are Katniss and Gale. Thoughts of my turnover are far from my mind as I too discard my treat into the dessert box it came in that is placed in between us on the table. Not too subtly I look over my right shoulder at the two hunters, watching as they converse quietly amongst themselves as they make their way up to the counter. Katniss looks both uncomfortable and worried while Gale, who stands close at her side looks the same as always tall, dark, handsome, and silently brooding as he scowls but when he catches me staring at him, he gives me a hard gray glare filled with so much anger and 100% pure hatred that is directed solely at me. My heart drops as does my head as I turn back around. My whole face feels hot and that alone tells that my face much be red from my blush of embarrassment. After a short beat and no doubt when Peeta notices my crestfallen face, that is still faced towards the table. He reaches over the table to grasp my hand in his own, which has me glancing up at him through my eyelashes offering up a small appreciative smile as I give his hand a thanking squeeze before moving back so my hands rest in my lap. We both try our hardest not to listen to the two seam kids at the counter only a few feet off to our left with Peeta's brothers. Because we're so close to the counter its rather hard to ignore their conversation since we hear every word spoken between the four of them. "Your supposed to come to the back" Bannock states evenly as Rye glares at Gale. Katniss shifts on her feet as her hands wring the strap of her bag "we tried, but no one came when we knocked so…" Katniss puts forth before trailing off. And even though I'm not looking at her, I see when she looks over my way, so me being friends with her makes me immediately turn to offer her a small smile but I frown as I see she has her gray eyes on Peeta's blond slightly shaggy hair, which has some flour in it from Rye's previous attack a while ago. Just as I'm about to let Peeta know about Katniss staring at him my eyes meet gray ones that belong to my friend, which she drops to the ground quickly. "Can we trade or what?" Gale snaps, his eyes not