Hi This is a story based off one of my what if moments that kind of escalated into a recurring dream and a wish. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or franchise that J.K Rowling has created. I only own the OC's. Chapter One - The Letter Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or franchise that J.K Rowling has created. I only own the OC's. "Emily, Anne, James! Time to get dressed for school!" And that's what woke me up as it had since I can remember. I climbed down the later from my bed and helped my little sister Serena, out of bed. Serena is three years old and hasn't started school but she does go to daycare. She has long chocolate brown hair and tan skin. She has beautiful big green eyes and a cute button nose. I like to say that she is the best looking out of all of my mother's children although my twin, Anne, disagrees. She has long curly light brown hair and hazel eyes. She is very vain and loves to flaunt and flirt. We are in grade six and already she has had three boyfriends. Me and her are almost identical, though I have a small narrow nose and long light brown wavy hair. My eyes are also classified as Hazel but I found out that they change from grey blue to more green than hazel depending on the light. After helping Serena out of bed and dressed, I take to her to the living room and give her to my mom so that she can feed her. I look at the clock to see how much time we had left before school started but instead I see that school doesn't start for another two hours. "MOM! Why did you wake us up so early?! It's only Six o'clock!" I was so frustrated. I never go to sleep on time because of some late night reading so I am often grumpy in the morning and it doesn't help when mom is waking us up to early. I look over at my mom as she is spooning some yogurt into Serena's mouth. "Because, you guys are always late. When I gave you and Anne permission to walk yourselves and James to school, that wasn't permission to go back to sleep in the morning and be late when you're getting ready last minute." Well, I guess I can't argue with that. I quickly run to my room and kick my brother out so my sister and I could change into our uniforms. We go to a Catholic prep school and we have to wear a navy and green uniform for the dress code. Although I had kicked James out of the room to change, I changed my mind and felt that it wasn't worth getting changed first for the wait and fight of the washroom so I grabbed all my clothes including a gym strip and ran to the bathroom. When you live with a family of six and only have one bathroom, you learn to be quick to get there first. As soon as I slammed the bathroom door closed, my brother was already banging on it to brush his teeth. I kinda felt bad for him. He's the only boy in the family(besides my Dad) and has to wait for all the girls to finish there changing in the room plus their bathroom business. I take about 10 minutes before I finally let James in and start on my chores. At 6:43 I was finished everything that I was supposed to do after school. Chores and homework were done, my room was finally clean (probably won't last), and I had also finished practicing my Guitar for fifteen minutes. Fifteen minutes might not sound like a lot at first but it was starting to get painful. My fingers now had purple bruises at the top from pressing them on the strings to make the note. I had nothing left to do unlike my brother and sister who were still struggling with the easy task of getting ready. I picked up Serena from her playpen and grabbed a book on the way to the rocking chair. I opened up the book and started to read the second chapter of the book as I had already started it for the entertainment of my baby sister. "Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursley's had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursley's' front door; it crept into their living-room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-coloured bobble hats – but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large, blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a roundabout at the fair, playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too." I looked down at Serena and watched her as she just stared at the book with wonder and fascination. When she realized that I had stopped reading, she looked up with a frown and started whining, as if she actually had understood everything I had been reading and wanted to hear more. "MOM! Come quick! I think Serena can understand the book!" I jumped off the rocking chair with Serena in my arms and ran down the hall where I could hear my mother yelling at Anne and James for fighting. "Mom! You won't believe it! I was reading Serena some Harry Potter when I realized she was being unusually silent so I looked down and she was looking at the book! There's no pictures and yet she still looked and it seemed like she was following along and understood everything I said!" Everything went silent. My siblings just stared and my mother had a small smile although she looked slightly annoyed. "Emily, she probably was acknowledging that her big older sister was speaking to her and showing her love in a way that you normally wouldn't." "Mom that's not what happened! I know what I saw!" She just smiled and took Serena from my arms and walked back to the living room cooing every now and then while turning on the TV and changing the show to the Teletubbies. She put Serena back in her playpen so she could watch and then went to get ready for work. I gave a loud huff and climbed up on the ladder to lie down on my bed. I don't really like it when nobody believes me. "Hey Emily?" "Yeah Anne?" "Did you finish the Math homework?" I released a sigh. I've always been better at finishing my homework before Anne. "Yeah I did. But I should probably warn you that Copying me isn't worth it. My math is terrible and I'm probably going to get a B- on it." She just shrugged. "I don't really care if it's right or wrong as long as it's done. Hey! That rhymed! Ha! I'm so smart!" I rolled my eyes. It doesn't really make sense of what she just said. "If you're so smart why are you copying my homework?" She looked up from the bottom bed and gave me a glare. "Ugh whatever, anyway where is it? The homework I mean?" oh well I guess she can fail, it's not my problem. "It's in my backpack in the Green binder." "Thanks twinnie" I rolled over on my bed to try and ignore my surroundings. I love my family I really do but I just don't seem to fit in. My twin is vain and can catch the attention of a boy in seconds. My brother is the only boy and he likes boy things. Plus he has cooties. Serena is still just a baby and she doesn't really have her own personality yet and can't really play without crying or needing a diaper change. As I was thinking about my life, It wasn't much longer until I fell asleep for a short nap. 7:30 am "Emily, come on you have to get up now. I'm a bit busy so I need you to get the mail. I need to feed Irene and make some Breakfast for you, Anne and James before I leave for work." I sit up and rub my eyes before I walk out the door and down the stairs of our apartment to the mailboxes. I opened the box that had our apartment number on it and pulled out all the spam mail and sifted through the envelopes looking for my name. I never get mail but I always check. Today I guess was my lucky day because I actually did get a letter, and not just any letter! It's was a Hogwarts letter! A letter I never imagined I would ever get! I mean, I don't even live in London! I raced up the stairs and ran back into the apartment screaming my lungs off. "MOM! MOM! I GOT A HOGWARTS LETTER! CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?! I'VE BEEN ACCEPTED INTO HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY!" I could not for the life of me stop screaming! I was so happy! I mean, I've been reading and watching the harry potter series since I was a baby and I literally mean since I was a baby! My parents took us to see the first movie in theaters when we were younger and now I cant believe I'm actually going to the school that I thought was all rainbows and fairy tales. "EMILY STOP YOUR SCREAMING RIGHT NOW!" I immediately stopped my chatter and held my letter in the air pointed at her. "There is no such thing as Hogwarts, it's just a made up school from a movie and book series that J.K Rowling made." "Mom just look at the letter its real! Look! It even has the stamp on the back and my address." And it was true. On the front of the letter was an address. My exact address Miss E. Mathews The Bedroom down the Hall 6860 Art-Cola St. Burnaby BC, Canada My mom grabbed the letter and opened it. She read it over and then threw it out a window. Threw. It. Out. A. Window. "MOM! THAT WAS MY LETTER!" I shrieked! I can't believe she did that! I cannot believe she just did that! I was shocked, and then I was angry . How dare she?! How dare she through something away that wasn't hers?! I was getting angrier by the minute and the second I thought I was going to explode with rage, the oven became a flame thrower. My mother gave a yelp of shock and then quickly put it out with a fire extinguisher and looked at me with a frown. She put the fire extinguisher away and started a little speech. "I will not have you believe that this mumbo jumbo is real! It is just a story! Made up, Not existent! You're not even British so how come you have this letter?! It's not real! If you're actually going to believe in this junk then I suppose I'm going to have to return your books and movies to the stores you got them from because I will not have my smartest daughter fall into this stupidity and become some crazed fan girl!" I quickly thought of a logical way to get her to believe what was happening and what I quickly acknowledged and recognized.