I'm only going to say this once so I can stop adding it the beginning of every freak'n chapter! All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended... so what I'm trying to say is "I don't own any of the twilight characters." So I feel that I shouldnt have to write to much on how Leah is feeling (... We all know the pain she feels) we don't need 5000 words on her emotions so lets just jump right into the story! P.S. Leah and Jake are a little (and I mean little) OCC! You'll see! Leah sat on the lawn chair between her mom and brother, outside of the Blacks house glaring at the bonfire as Billy told the legends of La Pushes spirit warriors. A week ago she had turned into a wolf and killed her dad with the shock of seeing his little girl rip out of her skin into the ferocious beast, and the icing on the cake was that her disgusting pig of an ex-boyfriend was her Alpha. The idea of having to obey Sam's every command had her growling low in her throat causing Seth to nudge her in the side for the hundredth time that night. Yep my life officially sucks… She thought with a frown as she rubbed her ribs. Leahs mind began to wander as thoughts about how her life had made a turn for the worse took over. As the thoughts of muddy clothes and dirty finger nails plagued her mind she almost missed what Billy was saying as she turned her head to look at him. "And generation after generations the Black family has led their packs and secured the safety and lives of our people." With a confused look Leah remained silent as he finished his story. What the hell did he say? But thought Sam's Alpha... right? Billy turned to the two new members of the Pack and smiled as he addressed them. "And today we welcome two new members of the pack Leah and Seth Clearwater." The people surrounding the bonfire clapped smiling at the two of them including Bella Swan the daughter of Charlie Swan. Leah had thought to question why the fragile girl was even at their bonfire but stopped as she was trying to loop her mind around all the other things she had learned that night. Something kept nagging her at the back of her mind. Something is wrong… This isn't right... Life can't be this cruel... "Seth, Leah do you have any questions?" Billy asked them. Seth smiled and shook his head excitedly as he smiled at Jake like he was a god in man in form. "Nope! We protect our people and turn into wolves! This has to be the best week of my life!" Leah glared at him and immediately felt like shit when his face dropped and his eyes started to water. Rubbing his back she mouth out a sorry to him and gave him a rare smile. "You're such a freak..." she said shoving his shoulder with her own, bringing his smile right back to place. "Leah." Billy called out; Leah lifted her head and looked at him as he spoke. "I'm sure you have some questions you would like to have answered… I know some people here would like to talk to you…" Billy glanced at Sam and Emily as her ex-boyfriend had his arm wrapped tightly around her cousin. Like I want to hear anything out of their lying, cheating mouths... Leah rolled her eyes and stared at Billy. Ever since she had phased, her cousin hadn't stopped calling her. Leah was waiting for Emily to get the picture that she had nothing she wanted to hear from her filthy, lying mouth. "So correct me where I'm wrong." Leah stated ignoring the eyes on her, Billy nodded his head for her to continue. "So we turn into the wolves because the cold ones have returned… who are known as the Cullens…" "Yes." "But they aren't here anymore?" Leah said and didn't miss as Bella flinched and Jake rested a hand on her shoulder. "Yes" "And Jacob is our Alpha because he's a direct descendent of Ephraim Black?" "Well Sam is acting Alpha..." Billy said and struggled to keep the frown from taking over his face at the thought. "But why? It's Jakes birth right." She argued. "He isn't ready. I'm only holding his spot till he is." Sam answered; Leah ignored him and posed her next question at Jake. "Why Jake? It's in your blood to lead." She hadn't meant for it to come out so rude but when he frowned and stared at the ground she let it go for the time being. The very thought of having to be suck with Sam fucking Uley in her head everyday let alone made her want shoot herself. I can't handle seeing him love Emily... Leah stared at the same spot he did as she was trying find her way out of this. I can't do this... A spark of an idea began to form as she asked her next question more calmly. "So you mean to tell me you're not ready for that type of responsibility? Is that it?" When Jake just nodded his head at her, Leah started to formulate a plan. Well if he isn't ready then neither am I... If he can fight this so can I... Focusing, Leah thought hard on the wolf that was invading her mind and body, she was trying to take back control of her own future. Sam isn't the rightful Alpha; Jake is… she started talking to her inner wolf. Leah frame started to shake as her wolf tried to shake off the defiant thoughts but Leah kept repeating the words over and over again until her wolf understood who truly controlled her. Sam isn't the rightful Alpha, JAKE IS… Sam isn't the rightful Alpha, JAKE IS… Sam isn't the rightful Alpha, JAKE IS! "Leah sweetie are you ok?" Sue's shaky voice called out next to her. Seth moved quickly to move Sue out of the way while, Leah started to blur with the violent shaking of her body as her wolf fought her inner thoughts. Putting himself between her and Emily, Sam spoke out to her. "Leah you need to calm down and breathe." Leah could feel his words wash over her but she fought to ignore them making it harder to control her wolf who wanted to conform to his voice. Standing up Leah stared at Jake as she repeated over and over again inside her head. Jake is our Alpha... Jake is our ALPHA! Walking over to Jake she watched as he pushed Bella out of the way into the safety of Quil's arms. "Leah…" Jake said about to stand up but was held down as Leah brought both her hands to rest on his shoulder pressing down to keep him in his seat. She leaned down so they were eye level and Jake could feel as a shiver ran through his body as they stared into each other's eyes. "Jacob Black." Leah stated not to him but to her wolf. "Ummm Leah?" Jake asked confused. "Jacob Black!" She said a little louder while shaking his shoulders. Jake remained silent as Leah brought her face as close as she could to his. He could feel the warmth of her breath on his lips she was so close. Leah could feel her wolf agreeing with her slowly until it caved and conformed to the repetitive thought, and like that Jake was their Alpha. A shiver ran through bother their bodies as she dropped her hands. He's our Alpha Not Sam… we follow the rightful Alpha… Leah's shaking calmed down as her wolf settled down inside her head and body. Looking up to meet Jakes eyes she could see the confused look that filled them at her actions so she leaned in to whisper in his ear as she spoke so quietly that only he could hear her. "You are my Alpha, and when the day comes that you need my help you only have to howl ok…" She wasn't sure why she said the words but she could feel that they were true. That no matter where she was she would be able to find her way back to her rightful Alpha. Jake only nodded his head as she stood up and turned her back to him. "Billy thank you for the story and hotdogs but I'm tired and I want to go home." Billy nodded his head as Sam spoke to her. "We aren't done here Leah we still have a lot of things to cover." "How about you go fuck yourself Uley... I'm going home." Leah stated slipping on her flip flops and started to walk away. "Leah!" Sue yelled her. "Stop" Sam ordered at the same time as she jumped over the log she had been sitting on before. Pausing Leah looked down as Paul's big mouth spoke out. "Ahhh the good ol Alpha command welcome to the club Leah!" Some of the other shifter laughed at his comment while Leah concentrated on her feet. "Come back we aren't done talking." Sam stated. "Leave her alone Sam…" Jake growled out knowing it was the right thing to do. Leah was smiling at her feet as she gentle took a step forward confirming that Sam held no power over her. Turning around Leah smirked at him and stood up on the log so she was taller than Sam when she let out a small chuckle. "You know what?…" she asked bending at the waist to get directly in his face. "What?" he spoke more gently. "Maybe some other time…" And with that she stood straight up as she turned around and walked quickly in the direction of her home. Every mouth was wide open in shock as Leah form disappeared into the night. "Did she?" Quil said shocked. "I think she did!" Paul added. "Wait... can we do that?!" Embry shouted standing up. "I don't understand?" Seth asked Jake. Jacob was smiling as he looked at the young Clearwater. "She just resisted an Alpha Command! It's impossible…" Seth was silent for a moment as he let it soak in, then being the bubbly person he was Seth shouted. "Well DUH! You don't tell Leah what to do, that common knowledge!" Jake chuckled at the youngest shifter and frowned as Sam went to chase after Leah. "Leave her alone Sam, Seth can fill her in." "I'm Alpha it's my job." Sam said as he kept walking. Jake stood up and jogged up to the older man and grabbed him by the shoulder. He didn't know why he even cared to fight for Leah but something about the way she had looked in his eyes made him want to help her anyway he could. "Sam no offence but she hates you. You're the last person she would want to talk to… I'll go, just stay here with Emily ok?" Sam stood there for a moment and considers it before letting out a deep breath. "Just don't tell her about imprinting Emily really wanted to explain it to her herself." Nodding Jake agreed "Just tell Bells I'll be back in ten ok?" "I will." and with that Jake started heading towards the Clearwater house with Sam heading back to the bonfire. Leah rushed into her closet and grabbed her duffle bag before reaching for her clothes and stated throwing them inside. I need to leave now! She thought to herself as she threw her piggy bank into her duffle bag and grabbed her car keys off her dresser to book it downstairs to her Honda civic. As