Author Note: Thanks for joining us guys! This is the beginning of a new story co-written by myself and the amazing and awesome tameleine. Hope you enjoy! My arms cut through the water like a hot knife through butter, but as we neared the end of the race, the intensity and speed of the strokes were causing a not-insignificant amount of pain. My lungs burned as the time I was able to breath out of the water decreased as my speed increased. I wanted it. I wanted the gold medal so badly I could already feel it around my neck. Why had I ever thought it wouldn't matter? It mattered more than anything else--almost. My finger tips hit the wall, finally. I looked up, not towards the all-important scoreboard, but instead, toward the watching crowd, and a certain pair of supportive, brown eyes. . . Wednesday, August 6th 2008 BPOV I didn't consider myself particularly patriotic, but it was hard not to feel a warm surge of feeling as we lifted off from Los Angeles and made our way across the ocean to China, where the 2008 Olympic Games were being hosted in Beijing. As a journalist, thinking about story angles was natural to me—I did it almost without thinking anymore. The most obvious angle was political, but my writing strengths didn't lie in political analysis. Instead, I liked writing about people and their motivations and goals and weaknesses. I especially liked writing underdog stories—about normal people who triumphed over adversity. Of course, it made no sense that I was dying to write about Edward Cullen, who couldn't ever be called normal and wouldn't have known adversity if it came up and bit him in the ass. He'd come from a privileged life, had probably some of the best swimming genes you could get, and on top of that, was considered the front-runner by far. Hardly any adversity here, folks. Yet, there was something elemental that fascinated me about him, and though he was one of the most in-demand athletes press-wise in these Olympic Games, I was determined to somehow find out the mystery behind the man during my time in Beijing. I felt something vibrate under my legs, and opened up my purse to rummage for my cell phone. I clicked on the text message and I smiled as I read what it said. My best friend Alice and her husband, Jasper, who worked as a photographer with me at the Oregonian newspaper in Portland, Oregon, were also on this flight, but with Alice's high profile job as a merchandiser and designer at Nike, they were sitting in first class, whereas I was relegated to the lowly coach section. Her text had informed me that I'd better get my butt up to visit her as soon as possible, as first, she was dying to see me and second, she had a present for me. The dying to see me—despite that she'd seen me only thirty minutes before—and the gift were both typical of Alice's enthusiasm. She was an incredibly generous soul, and I loved her for it, though sometimes her depth of her generosity could be embarrassing. I waited impatiently for the seatbelt light to turn off, doodling on my notepad rather than working on the story ideas I should finish before we landed in Beijing. I was a last minute substitution by the newspaper, as the reporter they were planning to send had broken his leg two days before. I also worked with Jasper Hale, one of the best photographers on staff, so they had agreed to let me go, and had specifically told me to find a unique and special personal angle story. I was supposed to send ideas in as soon as possible, and I couldn't deny I was struggling to find something different to cover. The Olympics were an enormous press event and even considering the vastness of the competition, it was still proving to be difficult to do what I'd been asked. Not coming up with something wasn't an option. I needed this for my career. A huge feature in the paper would mean my own byline, it would mean a raise, it would mean that I'd finally get where I wanted to be in my life. I didn't mind so much that there was no boyfriend, no love interest. My whole life was my career and my friends, and while my heart might twinge at how much love vibrated between Alice and Jasper, I'd been Alice's bridesmaid three months ago without a single ounce of jealousy. Tapping my foot impatiently on the floor, I tried, unsuccessfully to refocus on my pad. From the popping in my ears, I guessed that we were still reaching our flying altitude and that I'd have to wait a while longer to go see what surprise Alice had in store for me. I barely managed to wait out the next fifteen minutes. I mainly spent it staring out the window, examining the clouds like they were my own personal Rorschach test. Finally, I heard the stewardess announce that we'd reached our flying elevation and that were free to move about the cabin. I shot to my feet, and instantly wobbled. Damn airplanes, I thought, I'm clumsy enough on solid ground. Managing to regain my balance, I carefully maneuvered into the center aisle using my arms for leverage. Finally, I reached the curtain that separated coach from first class, and was about to slip through it unnoticed, but before I could, the fabric whipped back and I was suddenly face to face with the stewardess. Her face was starched stiffer than the tacky polyester uniform she was wearing and it had a decidedly orange tinge to it. Alice would have politely pointed out, as a community service, that bronzer was so three seasons ago . I merely gaped at being caught and wondered what happened to coach passenger who got caught sneaking up to first class. Did they get thrown off the plane? Shit. The stewardess crossed her arms over a generous and likely hard and silicone-padded chest. Her expression looked hard enough to cut through glass. I winced. "Miss, if you're a coach passenger, you're going to have to stay in this section." Great, I was terrible at confrontation. I might as well just turn around and walk back to my seat now. I was just about ready to do that when I heard a chirping voice behind the towering stewardess. "Excuse me," it said, "she's with me." The stewardess's head whipped around, making her second jowl way too apparent. Alice would also have recommended a good surgeon to get that nipped and tucked. She didn't believe in plastic surgery necessarily, but she also didn't believe in double chins. "Ah, uh. . .are you sure?" The stewardess stepped aside, clearly being given Alice's evil eye. It never failed. "Of course," Alice snapped, "she's my best friend. What are you, the class police?" "Oh, no, no, no," she giggled back nervously. "It's just that we have a rather. . .high profile. . .passenger in first class, and we were all told to make sure to keep everyone else. . .out." My eyebrows raised and I wondered who it was to cause this woman to break out into a surprisingly normal looking flush. Alice would have also told her that she was better off without a whole truckload of blush, but at the moment she was squealing and throwing her arms around me. I pulled back from my little pixie and sent her a wondering look. "Oh it's nobody," Alice said breezily, "no one at all. I don't know why they're all so worked up." She sighed and rolled her eyes, grabbing me by the hand and dragging me through the stewardess' station and into the first class cabin. "Okay," I said dubiously, trying to peer into each set of luxurious and spacious seats without looking like I was looking. Alice might have forgotten momentarily I was a reporter and to her, someone famous was no big deal , but to me, it was my job. I needed a big break, and god help me if it was on this plane, I'd drop to my knees and say a few dozen hail Marys. "Alice," I hissed at her. Suddenly, I didn't want to be taken completely by surprise by some celebrity. I wanted to have some idea of who it was before I went barging into their in-flight snack and demanded interview rights. Stopping abruptly, she turned to face me. "Believe me, Bella, you don't want me to tell you who it is." "I don't?" I squeaked. Alice grinned, and my stomach sank. "Alice," I said firmly, "you need to tell me." She brushed my comment aside with a wave of her hand. "Trust me, Bella. It's better this way." I gulped, and we kept walking down the center aisle, my eyes quickly taking in the passengers we passed. Alice slowed, clearly reaching her seat with Jasper. I could see his tall blond head above the headrest. My eyes fell on the passengers directly behind Alice and Jasper's seats. There was an older man, maybe in his late 40s but still extraordinarily handsome and fit. I couldn't place his face, but at the same time, I knew I'd seen him before. I wondered offhandedly if maybe this was the "celebrity," but it didn't make sense because from the stewardess' reaction, the someone flying today was famous enough to be recognized on sight, and this man, while familiar, was someone I couldn't identify. The woman next to him was the same age, but also still very attractive. She was more kind looking than beautiful, with soft brown waves framing her face. Then, my gaze drifted to the third passenger, and my jaw dropped. Even with his eyes closed, I would have recognized him instantly. It was Edward Cullen, swimmer extraordinaire. The older man was obviously Carlisle Cullen, and the woman, his wife, Esme. Parents to the most famous swimmer of this generation, who was likely to become the greatest Olympian of all time--possibly even greater than his father Carlisle. Since he was napping I figured I could take five seconds to really look at him, even though I could hear Alice's intake of breath when she realized what I'd stopped for. I'd heard Edward was handsome, and I'd seen dozens and dozens of pictures. The whole country seemed like they were high on Edward Cullen fever, and he was everywhere . But all the pictures in the world couldn't prepare me for the sight of him, long lean muscled form stretched out in the seat, his face peaceful and calm. I'd seen images of his father, Carlisle, when he was young, and though the resemblance was strong, Edward had also inherited Esme's delicate features, and as a result, he was both rugged and beautiful. I knew his eyes were bright green, almost like marbles, and I almost wished for half a second that he would open them so I could see them in person, finally. I sighed. He was gorgeous, but so far out of my league that I might as well be dreaming. I paused for half a second longer, just taking him in, knowing that this was an opportunity I'd never get again. Even if I managed to snag a highly-sought interview spot with him, I'd have to be 100 on my game. No admiring his knee-weakening physique or beautiful eyes or mussy copper hair. "Bella," Alice demanded, " stop staring ." Just half a second longer, I told myself, then I could stop . I could walk away from him. I shook my head briefly at Alice, and went back to my minute examination. "Bella!" Alice said louder, and it didn't register that those hooded lids were beginning to raise on his face. I was too busy taking in the insane length of his legs, and I didn't