Pairing: Zacharias x Marietta Cameo's: None Tags: Slice of Life, Redemption, Hurt/Comfort Format: One-Shot If you know nothing of these character's, I suggest looking on the HP Wiki otherwise you may get confused. Living with Zacharias Smith was a routine Marietta had come to know all at once, a lifestyle she had been thrown in to without a lifesaver, head's first. Bizarrely, every morning he would wake up at five am, get dressed, prepare precisely one cheese omelette and two pieces of buttered toast, set the table for himself and then retrieve the Daily Prophet so he might verbally add his own opinion. There were only two things that had been added to that list since their first year of sharing a flat in London: the first was that, as soon as Marietta would grumble her own way out of bed and meander in to the kitchen, Zacharias would stop, very literally, whatever he was doing. He would come and kiss her on the temple, the lips if he were in a particularly loving mood, and without a word return to his station. The second was a more indirect shift, his commute shifting from using the Floo to merely apparating once his breakfast was done. Marietta was not the same creature of habit, she would drift in to the living room and pick up a book to read. Sometimes she'd open it on a random page, sometimes she'd finish one or start another or give up halfway through. Or she'd skip that altogether, preferring to chatter on the phone (Marietta always wanted one for easy conversation, it was ten times more convenient than waiting for letters or sticking her head in fires), or looking through the mail (this was always her job, to sift through taxes and fairweather friends. Zacharias despised tax collectors and insincere people. Once he told her she was the only genuine person he'd ever met. He always replied to her letters.) Other times, when Marietta was feeling the stress of her working position or something reminded her of something else she'd rather forget, she would trace Zacharias' steps as he ebbed through the kitchen, memorize each movement to memory. When she looked close enough, she could see a faint smile on his lips, but he never liked to be interrupted so she would say nothing. Mornings were only allowed to be chaotic when he got his hands on the paper, on the rest of the world. This was their bubble, and they did not need words, those paled in comparison. Mornings were peaceful, because Marietta enjoyed seeing Zacharias be quiet (she used to hate his voice, the drippiness of it, how every syllable could be twisted to sound ugly, but that changed.)(Now, his voice was silken gold spun on truth and wit) because he never was with anyone else, not for a second. Eventually, she learned his vocabulary was his armour, his shield and his sword. This was okay, these were her weapons, too. On this singular morning, Marietta tip toed down the stairs far later than normal. It was a day off, and she bathed in the advantage of sleeping in. Already, Zacharias had the Prophet clasped so tightly in his fingers his knuckles were white as paper. Sharply, he had looked up at her, and he was wearing an expression that could only be described as a smile and grimace fighting for control over the muscles in his face. Through her nose Marietta sighed, she had missed the small window she had gotten every day, the one where Zacharias let himself be vulnerable. "Do you see this?" He holds up the starchy paper, text designed in that ridiculous way only wizards would deem plausible. In his tone she could sense both frustration and amusement and, half-curious, Marietta squinted to make out the headlines from her stance at the middle of the staircase. Groaning aloud, the acronym alone was enough to exhaust her, to make her wish to tail it back upstairs and under the covers. But Zacharias needed to let this out, let this go, or else the steam within him would rumble until it exploded. "The DA-" " ' The DA, Back Together Again' ! Can you believe this?!" When it came to Zacharias, there was no actual tell as to the response he was truly looking for. Marietta never bothered, she always said what was on her mind. "Given the ego's of half the people in that club, I'd say we should have seen it coming earlier," she said casually. Rolling his eyes in the way Cho always insisted she did, Zacharias clearly had more than two cents to say on the matter. "It's only been, what, five years now since the War? You'd think we'd have left a great enough impression that they would invite us" Zacharias complained. He complained as much as he breathed, and maybe even more so. There was never a shortage on his list of what was wrong with the world. Heavily, Marietta took each step down the stairs one at a time, her feet making blunt, clunking noises each time. Their floors were hard wood. "You can't honestly tell me you really thought they would. I'd bet you just want to laugh in their faces once you rejected them. That's it, isn't it?" A sound that could resemble a snort vibrated from his lips. Grinning, Marietta pointed at him. "That is it, you just want to deny Potter something," "Life has given him far too many passes at getting what he wants," His mouth twitches upwards and Marietta laughs, and shakes her head. In school, they'd always make fun of the Potter's and Weasley's and their mindless followers. There were holes in her memory, but she remembered after, remembered bumping shoulders and criticism at the golden boy and his merry band, when Cho was too busy chasing another hero to pay her any mind, too busy getting over herself to have understand. They don't belittle Harry Potter as much as they used to in crowded halls when he wasn't around. Marietta was ashamed to admit her information was misguided. No one cared, and she had to stop caring, too, and Zacharias never apologized. Never pretended he had to. He knew the value of his own life. So she begins preparing her own breakfast - cereal and a banana - and she lets Zacharias flood her, all his thoughts spilling out and filling her veins, there's always enough room. She makes more of it, when she needs to, because Zacharias loves nothing more than to talk for talking's sake, and he lets her say what's on her mind. They were free of judgment, if only for one another. Zacharias talks, he talks about the DA reunion, and he talks about the economic climate and 'what did you think of the new policy the Ministry has come up with, Marietta? If they had half your mind...' Whenever Zacharias praised her, it was not a cooing affair. He did not ogle, did not make more of something than what it was and always, always Zacharias would say it the same way as anything else, with an intensity he carried with him on his shoulders since he was fourteen years old. When Zacharias folds the paper up and slides it across the table, it is an indicator. He's about to head off. Not once has Zacharias ever thrown it out after he was done, in case she got in to the mood of skimming over it afterwards, letting her own mind dwell over each word and come to its conclusions. From the start, she knew what Zacharias had seen in her, but it had taken her awhile to figure out. She had the wherewithal to hold conversation with him, where others refused. He was a difficult person, and they both knew this, but they also both knew that she was, too. Hard people to swallow always got spit out by the weak stomached. There's a pause, the one Zacharias normally sets because sometimes Marietta would ask him to wait a minute longer, to lace their fingers together and remind themselves that they were here when no one else was. This time, Marietta gets up from her chair, she tiptoes towards him and lifts herself higher so she can slide her arms around him. Her hands hook together and she hangs back, staring him straight in those hard blue eyes of his. "They'll miss us, they've got no one else to antagonize them and make them be right about something" The corner of her mouth twerked higher, a brow raised to be comedic. "Big damn heroes," Zacharias muttered. "Big damn heroes," she agreed, above a whisper. Kissing Zacharias Smith was a lot softer than she thought it was, before, when they were only thoughts. Now, she gives him one, and it glows in its familiarity, in its feeling of being home. He goes with a pop, and Marietta can feel the air that was surrounding him being sucked out, too. Rocking back on to her feet, Marietta sighed. The only friend she had left in the world was gone, now. So Marietta moved towards the entrance of their flat, pulling open the door she slowly paced to the elevator, then down the hall, and she was standing before the collective mailboxes of everyone in the building. As she pulled out her keys they jingled timidly, she twists it into the lock and the metal creaks. Shoving her hand in, Marietta wraps her fingers around envelopes and then shuts it rapidly. None were going to be from the magical world, they would be from Muggle banks and Muggle companies demanding Muggle money and perhaps Marietta's Muggle third cousins inviting her and a plus one to a Muggle wedding. Zacharias did not keep in touch with the Muggles in his life, it was an assurance that he'd never have to put up pretenses. 'Let me around them for more than a day and they'd have to break my wand in half' He'd say, he'd say because Zacharias was never good at keeping secrets, especially when he was expected to. Especially when it came to matters of great importance. They were on a waiting list for a house in Hogsmeade, they had their eye on one closest to the Shrieking Shack. It was out of the way of visiting students and wandering eyes. Bringing them back up, Marietta waits awhile before ripping in to them. A pot of tea is brewed, a newspaper is read, and a change of clothes occurs all before she walks past the pile of letters and takes a closer look at them. There's one from their electric and plumbing company. She flips it beneath the next. One from their telephone company, and another for their television. Not one from a bank or Cousin Timothy. Reaching the last, Marietta furrows her brow in confusion. A sandy brown envelope with their names scrawled on the front faces her, she does not recognize the handwriting but she does know the postal stamp, it is for Cadburry. There is no seal at the back, the sender licking the letter shut. Stropping off the chair Marietta grabs a pair of scissors from a drawer full of random tools and papers and returns ready. Slicing the top open, she fingers the parchment out of its confinement and smooths the letter out against the table. It could not have been from Cho, Cho used elegant station and her writing was spidery and thin, she had a wax seal that was passed down from her through the generations. A 'C', its curve made out of a dragon and lotus blossoms framing the corners. She reads it bottom first. Sincerely, Dennis Creevey Marietta gulps, and her eyes bug out and she's about to crush it in the palm of her hand but then she remembered Dennis' cheeky grin in the Hog's Head having successfully snuck out to join