(Well, since everyone seemed to like my "Points of Precedence" fic so much, and in re-watching the EE of ROTK, I noticed there's a heck of a lot more left out regarding Faramir than remotely acceptable, so I decided to do another round of Chibi-Kaz's Version of What's Missing! I've had to adjust some time frames. I do refer to "Points of Precedence" here, so it would be good if you've read that. Nothing is owned by me except that dancing pink Mumak identifying storyline holes…..) Before the Storm The gardens had become stunted by the perpetual gloom, but even that small bit of growing green soothed his heart. Faramir son of Denethor, the twenty-seventh Steward of Gondor, stood in the small open-air atrium, his gaze turned ever eastward. Yesterday, the assembled hosts of the West marched out from Minas Tirith, intent on drawing the hordes of evil in Mordor onto themselves, in order to ease the secret passage of two small Hobbits. Faramir had done his best by his King, ordering the supplies and companies for the march, providing his King with the very best raiment the Citadel could provide. Little did King Aragorn know he wore Boromir's own spare chainmail, and Faramir's leather dress surcote, along with the very best gloves and belts that could be found, and a cloak reclaimed from Denethor's wardrobe. The household of the King had fallen into such disrepair that few usable accoutrements remained. Though their fate remained uncertain, Faramir already compiled a rough list of items to repair or resupply to the King's House. The uncertainty of the future plagued the Steward. He meant to honor his promise to his King, and comport himself with hope in his heart that the West would succeed, and that somehow one little Hobbit might win passage through the Black Land and destroy the Ring of Power. And the part of him that did cling to hope ran rampant with optimism at times, planning the reconstruction of the City and the restoration of Gondor. The rest of him worried constantly, worried that the King would fall, that Frodo would fail, that he himself would be left to spend the last days desperately and hopelessly defending the shattered remnants of Gondor. Not for his own life he worried, but for the people, the history, the beauty that would perish before Sauron's malice. He shifted and raised his right arm to lean against a pillar. He still held his left arm bound close against his body, the shoulder yet tender from the orcish arrow that had pierced him. The other wound in his right side ached as he raised that arm, but he ignored the pain, trying to take some small comfort from the wind and the open vista before him. His eyes were inexorably drawn to the dark menacing clouds reaching out from Mordor, and he firmly suppressed a shiver at the thought of his King and countrymen riding into that danger. Just as he thought to concede that the outdoors did no better for his mood than indoors, a sudden movement to his right caught his attention. In a window nearby appeared a woman. Her very presence struck Faramir more sharply than any arrow of any foe. It seemed to him that she shone with the brightness of the missing sun. Light formed the gold of her hair and the whiteness of her face. He straightened in surprise, dropping his arm. That small movement must have caught her attention, for she turned suddenly to look at him. Her face shone as pale and cold as marble. Her expression seemed both bold and serious, pride and despair and defiance warring in her countenance. Despite himself he stiffened a little at her chill regard, but the pleasure of seeing one so beautiful filled him, and he could not keep back a tiny smile, fleeting though it was. She made no acknowledgement of his gaze or his smile, her face as still as the grave. Then, as if dismissing him, she turned back to the East, to stare after the hosts and towards the face of evil. Faramir admired not only her beauty, but also her defiance, and her somber bravery, facing unafraid that which many would ignore and hide from. He guessed that she must be Rohirrim; the gold of her hair proclaimed she was no daughter of Numenor. Could it be that a Shieldmaiden of Rohan rode once more? Eowyn could not rest. She would lay her body down, and close her eyes, and even sleep a time, but rest with all its attendant restoration eluded her. She had bidden farewell to her brother, only after he had convinced her to stay in this towering white city, so strange and foreign. Carefully Eowyn had avoided Aragorn, already hailed as King of Gondor. She had ridden to death and glory, but found neither, only waking to find the one before whom she had so humiliated herself had become her savior. Even Eomer's thankful tears had not softened the hard and bitter knot within her breast. Her brother did not know of Theoden-King's charge to her to keep the people of Rohan safe. Eomer did not realize that by hiding her face and riding to war, Eowyn had defied the will of her King. Eomer did not understand that she had abandoned their people. He did not see the black despair that filled her even now, despair that she would return to Edoras and resume her place as cupbearer and housekeeper, never to stand free and earn respect for her own. Despair over the moment when she finally dared to reach out to another person, to let that person see her true self, that person rebuffed her and refused her, and left her to her chains. Stirring, Eowyn finally abandoned her attempt to rest and rose, careless of the fine white gown provided to her. She looked about her room, indifferent to the things provided to her by the Houses, the clothes and combs and finery due a woman of her station, sister to a King. Finally, she approached the window, staring out into the East and the foul skies over Mordor. A movement in the corner of her eye caused her to turn. She saw a man standing in the atrium near the Houses looking back at her, almost shadowed by the building. Eowyn froze, unused to such unabashed examination. He seemed tall, taller even than Eomer, but not as broad as her brother, though without the almost starved appearance that so characterized Lord Aragorn. His hair appeared short, no longer than his shoulders, but thick, and a russet color darker than that of her own people, yet lighter than most she'd seen in this southern city. She judged him a soldier, like her left behind by the hosts because of injury. She noticed a bandage crossing his chest. From his worn leather trews and his carelessly unlaced gambeson, she assumed he was a simple fellow, perhaps a minor officer, but certainly no one of great stature, since he carried himself so informally. She could see he had a handsome face, though she ignored the eager expression, unwilling to initiate contact with any person. She turned back to the East, uninterested in other people, though she felt his eyes upon her a bit longer. Then someone approached him, calling him away, and she felt relieved of the burden of his regard. Tomorrow, she decided, staring out at the blackness that approached. Tomorrow she would try to garner some strength, and find some way to put to use this time of enforced waiting. Faramir set down his pen when he realized that all he'd scribed in the last hour were fragments of elvish poems and several tiny drawings of the Black Gate, Henneth Annun, and Minas Tirith. Woolgathering, that was what he was doing. Now that a second day passed since the hosts rode out, he found it even more difficult to concentrate. Torn between hope with the attendant need for industry and the knowledge of the precariousness of their situation, Faramir chafed at the restrictions of the Houses of Healing. He should have ridden out, he told himself. Simply bandaged himself tight and mounted up, healer's stitches be damned. Rising, he wandered to his window, but was met with a view of the sixth circle of the city. Dissatisfied, he left his room to make for the outer atrium again. There he could sit and stare towards Mordor, where all his thoughts were bent. And perhaps, he reminded himself quietly, he may get another glimpse of the fair lady who watched the East as he did. He gained the open air and leaned against the column a moment, but surreptitious glances could not determine if the lady was in her room. He did find it a bit odd that no one had brought her to his attention, or the reverse, since he was the ranking noble in the city. Chiding himself for such arrogance, he deliberately turned his back on the window. He knew he distracted himself with thoughts of the lady, a more pleasing subject than Mordor and the probable dark fate of all. It was ungentlemanly of him to develop such an interest in a lady. Just as Faramir scolded himself to behave better, a commotion from the Houses drew his attention. He turned to find a glorious vision striding towards him. The Lady of Rohan, dressed all in white, approached, a healer hovering nervously beside her. "My lord!" stuttered the healer. "This is Lady Eowyn of Rohan, sister to their King." The healer appeared terrified at having to conduct a proper introduction. Healers had no need of social niceties. "Lady, this is Lord Faramir, Steward of Gondor." Faramir could not suppress a slight wince. He hated the title, only too aware he neither deserved nor wanted the rank. Still, he bowed formally to the Lady. He saw she bore her left arm in a sling, and slight bruising below her eyes told him she too neither healed nor rested easily. "My lady," he acknowledged softly as he bowed. Eowyn had demanded freedom of the Warden of the Houses and been flatly refused. According to the healers, she must abide in the Houses another week at least, and her arm would be kept in a bandage for nearly two months. Eowyn had haughtily informed the man that she doubted very much they had two months altogether left to live, and stormed out of the office. She managed to accost another healer, demanding to know who ruled in Minas Tirith. Eowyn could not remember the name of the Lord of Gondor; that the man was of an age with Theoden-King was all she knew. The healer told her the lord Denethor had died, and the new Lord of Gondor was now Lord Faramir, and that he resided in the Houses for healing as well. Eowyn accordingly demanded to speak with him. Perhaps this Lord Faramir could order her freedom. In truth, she knew not what, nor whither she fled. She could not ride out to join the armies; they marched now fully two days away. She could not return alone to Edoras. The ride held many dangers, and she feared her people's condemnation for her disobedience to Theoden-King. But she must do something; she could not sit in idleness waiting for the end of all things. Led to the very garden she could see from her window, she was surprised to be presented to a relatively young man, appearing only a few years her senior. Her surprise grew when she recognized him as the same disheveled officer who'd stared so boldly yesterday. But he was not so disheveled now. He wore a rich surcote over a dark shirt. It was embroidered heavily with silver thread. The cut was common to Gondor, but all the more recognizable as the garments of one of rank by the expensive fabric,