(Chapter 1: Where it Begins) It's been nine long years since the defeat of the Dark Lord Voldemort with the Potter brothers surviving, but at the cost of the eldest brother Harry becoming all but a squib in magical ability while his brother was hailed as the boy who lived. As it wasn't long before he was cast aside and sent to his Aunt and Uncle for this lack of magic at the behest of Dumbledore someone that Harry would come to hate for this as ever since then instead of the love and affection of parents he would only know the hate and scorn of being a freak As he would be forced to do chores and labors while they got to relax and it didn't help that every single time that he excelled in something that Dudley didn't they would punish him for it often time beating him physically and emotionally as they'd demean him about being a freak of nature. Yet this didn't discourage him as it only served to fuel him more and more as he hated them and wanted to make them hurt and it was soon thanks to a gift he managed to discover at an early age that would make his plans come to fruition (St. Anne's Elementary School, 4:20 Pm, October 9th 2009) It was 20 minutes after 4 in the afternoon as a young Harry Potter soon was in the classroom that had been let out as he sat at a desk reading one of his favorite books that had been a constant comfort to him in his harsh childhood under the Dursley's that being Dante's Inferno and was on one of his favorite parts as he read over the sins of those guilty of Wrath. As he waited for Dudley and his cronies to beat him up like they always did however, this time Harry would be ready for them as he was going to give them a day they'd never forget "Right on schedule." Harry thought as he saw the Dudley and his trio of cronies "Hello cousin nice of you to stop and see me." Harry said with barely contained spite "You already know what happens know as there isn't anyone here to help you out you freak." Dudley spoke with his cronies all hyping him up to beat down on Harry who they knew wouldn't fight as most of the time he'd run away or they corner him "Oh yeah this where I'm supposed to run away and you and your infestation of maggots come and beat me up well I have bad news for you but…" Harry said before trailing off With that he stared at them as his irises turned a deep pumpkin orange and taking on the design of a saw blade while the white of them became a harsh cloudy gray like the ones you'd see during a thunderstorm that it bordered on black as the door to the room locked itself shut around the entrance to prevent anyone from leaving "As this time none of you are going to leave here alive." Harry told them as he made a stabbing motion as the bully to Dudley far right began to wail out in pain As Harry pretended that a large knife was stuck in his gut as Harry twisted it around and forced to go deeper inside of the bully's stomach until it sunk its way in as he moved in an almost casual manner as the invisible knife tore apart his organs in an almost methodical manner. Until he fell over with his shirt stained a bright crimson from the fact that his internal organs had been torn to ribbons as everyone stood there in horror of what had just happened paralyzed in fear "Now then I think you're next blondie considering you always were the one to steal my lunch money for the fat turd you call a friend." Harry spoke as he levitated a nearby pair of scissors and let them sail across the room and fly into the blonde kids throat with him falling to the ground clutching his throat in an attempt not choke on his own blood Dudley and his remaining cohort decided to try and make a break for the door to get away from the homicidal 9 year old before them only for him to stop that as he slammed Dudley into a nearby wall by having a desk crash into his stomach hard enough that you could hear the crack of his lower ribs. "You can go, but if you dare tell anyone of what you saw today then you'll find out how bad of a boogeyman I can be do you understand." Harry told the frightened cohort "Y-Yes don't worry I-I won't tell n-nobody." The bully stuttered as Harry unlocked the door for him to leave as he bolted out of there like no tomorrow Meanwhile Harry decided to drag a chair and sit at the desk his cousin was pinned to as he put down his book and stared at him with those hellish eyes of his before talking in a voice that sounded more akin to a serial killer "Now then Dudley do you know why I'm doing all of this?" Harry asked in a innocent enough question "Because you're a freak that we should've left at the orphanage." Dudley spat back as the desk pressed further against his stomach to where it was nearly crushing his organs "Wrong answer, but nice try it's for something else though as to put it simply I hate you, and Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia as I hate you all far beyond for what a child is supposed to hate someone for bringing us to your current situation." Harry answered him having developed an immense hate for them "But we've treated you exactly as you should as a freak or I guess a monster as just wait till I tell my dad and mum about this you'll be in so much trouble." Dudley told him knowing that his father and mother would punish his monster for a cousin when he heard about this yet Harry smirked upon hearing that "Well about that he won't be giving me punishments at all considering that as I had gotten to school so late because I've already taken care of them so to speak." Harry told him his smirk widening at Dudley's frightened yet angered expression "What did you do to them?" Dudley asked in a mix of anger, fright and curiosity "Well it's simple as soon as Uncle Vernon left the house I went to go in and see that Aunt Petunia was cleaning your room like always so as she was coming down the stairs all I had to do was make sure she took a little trip downstairs and as you can put together she's now on the Stairway to Heaven." Harry spoke in an almost jovial manner at how easy it was to break the woman's bony neck before he continued "And after that all it took for me to get rid of the fat man was after he took me to Mrs. Figg's house so that she could drop me off here at school since he doesn't want to tarnish his reputation by being seen with the evil boy who lives with the perfect family on Privet Drive. I used my gift to cut the break lines to his car and by from what I heard when I snuck into watch the news in the teacher's lounge he won't make it past tonight considering that they said he got hit by a semi truck that supposedly caved in his chest." Harry answered him matter of factly as Dudley began to weep tears of sorrow at how his parents were now dead "Hey don't worry Dudders because after today you'll be joining them soon enough so at least take peace in that, yet the sad news is that the way you'll be getting to them isn't going to be in a peaceful manner." Harry told him standing up from his seat as he raised his hand towards Dudley "Don't do this please I'm begging you if you don't then I'll give you all my toys, I'll never pick on you again, I'll give you all the money I take from everyone just please don't kill me I just don't want to die!" Dudley pleaded with tears streaming down his face as he begged for his life as Harry looked at him with apathy stuck on his face those hellish orange eyes staring right back at him "I'm sorry Dudders but I don't listen to the words of the dead because where were my words heard when I asked why I was treated as an outcast or when I was forced to work as a slave in all but name or how I was tormented almost everyday…... no you don't get mercy only death." Harry told him as he used his gift to have the desk press against Dudley's stomach It wasn't long before Dudley's cries of pain rose in tempo as Harry was glad that the teachers and students were let out early for Halloween otherwise he wouldn't be able to get away with this as it wasn't long before the sickening crunch and splattering sounds were heard. As Dudley's lower half of his body was severed and fell over in a bloody heap as he watched the life drain from his cousin's eyes as blood flowed heavily out of his mouth "Telekinesis the best thing about it is nobody to trace back whom the murderer is." Harry thought as his eyes turned back to normal before he grabbed his book (4 months later, March 10th 2010, London, Britain, 2:10 Pm) It was 10 minutes after 2 as Harry was running through the streets of London as ever since the murder of the Dursley's; Harry with nowhere to go decided that it was better he'd disappear off the face of the Earth and to do this had adopted a new identity as Adam Belladonna. After the two musicians that he'd hear on the radio from bands that he remembered listening to yet instead of being famous for music like they were he quickly became famous for murder having gone through London's underground as the Ghost of London considering that in his wake he's done over a dozen murders all for the sheer thrill it gave him. Which now brings us to his current predicament as his most recent one had brought him under the chase of some local thugs yet in his defence they started it when they decided it'd be fun to rob him of what money he's been pickpocketing to survive and in retaliation he snapped one of there necks ( From now on Harry will be referred to as Adam) "Get back here you little bastard!" One of the gangsters who had bright red hair and dark blue eyes said rushing after the black haired 9 and a half year old with a baseball bat in hand "Hey you started it when you mugged me you bloody dickheads so I consider us even." Adam responded as he used his powers to throw over a knock over a trash can as an obstacle "Well gonna get it now." The gangster's counterpart who was a black haired and amber eyed man who wielded a switchblade "Or how about all of you can kiss my ass." Adam retorted cheekily weaving through the streets he's wandered through all this time As due to the fact that the he's had to keep constant evasion from the law getting to him he knew his way throughout much of London's various streets and areas from the high class parts to the red light districts Adam's young mind mapped it all out so as an effort for him to maximize his chances of survivability "Damn it where did