A/N: Hey all! So this one takes place about 100 years or so after Early Frost. Enjoy. Italics: This notes a flash back. Italics : The verbal manifestation of Legolas's self doubt. normal type: Legolas's common sense that battles against his doubt. Disclaimer: I still do not own any of Lord of the Rings. Spring Blossoms Chapter One "You sent for me father?" Legolas said, peeking his head through the heavy oaken doors of his father's study, after one of his father's secretaries had found him down on the practice fields sparring with some of the other warriors that were part of his patrol. "Ah, yes, 'Las," Thranduil looked up from his desk, light in his emerald eyes at the sight of his son. "Come in, have a seat." Legolas did as he was told, and once he was sitting across from his father, Thranduil began talking to him once more. "I have need of your thoughts on a certain topic. I find that I have a letter that needs to be taken to Lord Elrond in Imladris. If the decision as to the identity of the messenger were up to you, who would you send in order to ensure the speed of delivery, as well as maintain the relations between our two realms?" Legolas looked thoughtful for a moment before answering carefully, guessing that this was a test that required a serious, well thought out answer, "Well, Ada. It has been a good number of seasons since your last letter to Lord Elrond, and as such, your disposition towards favorable relations with Imladris could be called into question. With this in mind, my choice of messenger would be someone who is well known as having a moderate to high ranking within the Greenwood, and if at all possible, if I were you, I would send my heir. My ranking is well enough known, as well as having several elves from Imladris as good acquaintances which would ease the majority of any tension that would be met on the end of the journey." Thranduil smiled at this answer as it was the exact one that his mind had thought up earlier in the day, and was pleased that his son had come up with such a diplomatic response to the impromptu question, he was ready for the assignment that he had planned for him. "Ready your pack then, 'Las. You have just volunteered yourself for a journey to the House of Elrond. My missive will be finished within the hour, I expect you to be ready to depart by then so that you may make a good distance before being forced to rest for the night." The prince's features remained calm even as a look of first disbelief followed by pleasure passed through his expressive eyes. He bound to his feet and jumped across the desk in order to throw his arms about his father's shoulders in a tight embrace. Then with a kiss to the king's cheek he bolted out the door to prepare himself for his journey to the Hidden Valley that held the House of Elrond. The hour flew by and was ended with the King and Prince meeting on the steps of the forest stronghold where the thick letter was passed over to the capable hands of Legolas and tucked away in his heavy leather messenger bag before a final farewell to his father and his departure upon his horse. To say that his trip to the Hidden Vale was uneventful was an understatement. Legolas saw no sign of any of the enemies creatures and in fact, no sign of anything else except for the normal animals that one saw in the different lands that he rode through. He made good time, only stopping to rest when his horse required. He quickly crossed the many leagues that lay between the Greenwood and Imladris, and within a fairly short amount of time he found himself under the boughs of the trees that marked his approach to the hidden vale. Shortly after he felt the presence of others near him in the forest. Moments later a voice called out from the trees, "Speak your name and purpose in the Hidden Vale, Stranger." "I come from the fair Greenwood," he answered, speaking in the direction of the call and explained, "I come bearing news from King Thranduil for Lord Elrond of Imladris." At this point two elves stepped forward from the heavy foliage at the base of a large tree. The main characteristic of these two that stood out and caused him to hide a smile was the fact that they were mirror images of each other. Legolas quickly sized them up, looking for differences from the last time he had seen them, the most noticeable being that Elladan had his right ear pierced three times and Elrohir his left twice, directly after the fact that they had grown several more inches as well as filling out with muscles. "You are not the king's normal messenger," Elladan stated neutrally, as if he were suspicious of Legolas's truthfulness of his stated purpose. "King Thranduil decided that this letter was worthy of a different carrier than his past missives, Lord Elladan," Legolas said in an equally neutral tone, as well as dismounting from his horse and bowing respectfully in the elder twin's direction. This statement was greeted by both the twin's gripping their swords, ready to draw them in defense should the unknown elf in front of them show any sign of attack. "You are not familiar within our borders, Stranger," Elrohir said icily in defense of his brother, "And yet you are able to do what many are not after seasons of practice, upon first sight." A small smile passed over the prince's lips at this and spoke up in a friendly tone, "It truly is not that hard, Lord Elrohir. Your brother is the more outspoken of the sons of Elrond, while your aura is more like that of your father's, it has a more calming effect which is what makes you a more effective healer." This statement caused a livid look of anger to cross Elladan's features while bewilderment was the main emotion on Elrohir's. Legolas took a step back, preparing to defend himself as the elder twin looked ready to fly off the handle at any moment. Just as he was thinking to end his jest a tenor laugh rang from the branches of the same tree the twins had been hidden behind causing all three to look up. Relaxing against the trunk with a look of mirth upon his face sat the golden figure of Glorfindel who had immediately known this guest to his lord's lands and had stayed quiet for his own amusement. He jumped down from his perch and bowed in front of Legolas. "Welcome once more to our borders, my friend," he said, carefully retaining the prince's identity to stretch out the joke. "If you will follow me, I will escort you to the House of Elrond so you may deliver the message from your king." He whistled sharply and his own mount came out of the forest. The twins then called for their own mounts and followed Glorfindel while each choosing a side of the prince to ride upon. They remained in sullen silence while Legolas peered curiously at his surroundings as his last entry to the Hidden Vale had been when he was unconscious, missing the grandeur. When they rode into the courtyard, all was just as Legolas remembered it. A cobbled yard that led to the main stairs of the mansion with its soaring gables and elegant architecture that inspired awe in all visitors. From the large doors stepped the figure of Lord Elrond dressed in his customary formal robes and his silver circlet of office in place upon his forehead. It was at this point that the four dismounted and Glorfindel stepped forward with a regal bow. His tenor voice rang out, "My Lord Elrond, may I present Legolas Thranduilion, Crown Prince of Greenwood the Great, come within our borders on command of his father Thranduil Oropherion, King of Greenwood the Great." Legolas then stepped forward and placed his right fist over his heart and bowed to the lord of the house. "It is good to return once more to your halls, My Lord Elrond. I apologize for my unexpected arrival." "It is always a pleasure to see you, Prince Legolas," Elrond returned stepping forward to grasp the prince's arm in a friendly embrace before stepping back to take in the changes the years had wrought upon the figure of the prince. "You appear to have grown into a fine young elf." He then looked back at the surprised features of his sons and a smile passed over his lips. "I see that you did not reveal your identity to my sons while Glorfindel recognized you on sight." Legolas's response was a nod along with a slight smile, worry that he had made the wrong decision on the jest clear in his eyes, but that fear was alleviated as Elrond continued, "A fine jest, my prince. These two trouble makers must learn how to take a prank as well as they perform them." He then looked to his sons who were looking at him with disbelieving looks on their faces and stepped back, "Now, if you will follow me to my study you may fulfill the purpose of your journey while Elladan and Elrohir can take your horse to the stables." This was exactly what happened. Elladan politely took the reins to the mild mannered stallion from the prince's hand and Legolas followed both Elrond and Glorfindel up the steps of the mansion and through the corridors to the elven lord's study where he handed over the letter from his father and sat on one of the chairs of the room to await the lord's answer. A smile spread across the lord's face and he looked up at Legolas with a look of relief in his eyes. "I must confess that I was afraid of dire news at your arrival, Prince Legolas," he said in explanation, "However, the news that you carry is far better than what I feared. Your father has decided to make one of your duties being the ambassador of the Greenwood to Imladris. Due to this you are expected to spend some time here under my roof before I send you back home prior to the winter snows. While you are here you are expected to represent Greenwood amongst my people as well as learn of Imladris in order to provide your father with advice as to foreign policy in the future." Legolas looked at him dumbfounded. With a smile he said, "I see that King Thranduil neglected to tell you of this prior to your departure. This most likely was to ease your worry upon the trail. Now, Glorfindel will show you to your chambers where you will have the opportunity to bathe and rest from your journey. Dinner will be sent to you this evening, but tomorrow night there will be a feast held in your honor, which of course you will be expected to attend." Legolas did not respond in any way but a single nod as he was still dumbfounded as to the news that he had been given by his father via Lord Elrond. Glorfindel smiled at this and came to his side, placing a friendly hand on the young elf's shoulder, "Come, my prince, I will show you to your guest chambers," he said warmly before removing his hand and walking towards the door. He glanced back momentarily, making sure that he was being followed by the youth and then with a waved farewell to Elrond, led the way from the room. "Lord Glorfindel," the prince said after walking only a few feet away from the door to the study, "I seem to recall that upon my last visit