The Roads We Paved Summary: Set 2 years after Mockingjay, before the Epilogue: Katniss never fully recovered and feels betrayed by those she loves, a coup de grate set against her by Haymitch, her mother, Delly, Annie, Gale and even her beloved Peeta. But sometimes we need to do things to protect those we love, no matter how hard it is. Authors Note: Hi guys! Welcome to my second story, I hope you do enjoy, again this is angst drama and rated M for language and this was titled as something else but I was not happy with it so I took a hiatus until I could collect my thoughts and see where I was going to take this storyThe feel and vibe here is what if Katniss never fully recovered from her demons and emotions 2 years after the Rebellion? Still mentally and emotionally raw from the loss of her loved ones. What happens that leads her to feel utterly betrayed and hurt by those she loves especially Peeta? This story will go into depth, again I was not originally happy with my first attempt at this story, I still wanted the same story but rework some areas, I hope you enjoy, please read and review All rights belong to Suzanne Collins: As I wake and lift my eyes, I see the blinding rays of light piercing through my blinds, I cover myself with my sheets not wanting to face the light outside, I had abandoned it and adapted myself to the dark, moulded to it, lived in it for so long that light seemed strange to me. I looked at my bedside clock realizing it was 11:12, most of the day had already passed, there was a time when time meant everything to me in life, rise early in the morning to hunt, rise to get Prim dressed and ready for school, have enough time to get myself dressed and go, trade and hunt, trade and hunt but now time doesn't mean so much to me anymore, not now when you've lost those you've loved. I still see her eyes in my mind, see the image of the fire engulfing her and the flames licking her, her eyes as the brightness of her soul was extinguished during the Rebellion 2 years ago, and now there was peace, peace for everybody's mind, peace for their soul, but not mine, no peace for me when I wake up in scream and fits every night sobbing, no peace for me when I can't even leave my front door to go outside, no peace for me when I close myself off into the wardrobe, no peace, no peace at all. By now I reckon the townsfolk think I've already gone crazy which their right or that I'm dead, I even heard the children gossip once outside my bedroom window that they see my ghost hunting in the woods with my bow, that's the only thing that makes me laugh these days. Haymitch still lives across from me but now he's adopted a heard of geese, how he and the geese co-exist I can't fathom with him drunk most days or hung over, I commonly hear and see him screaming profanities across the yard chasing the geese as he holds his liquor bottle in the other hand. He still visits me, but I believe he sees me as a thief, an imposter, a person who resembles Katniss, who calls herself Katniss but is instead a tired, shrunken mess of a woman, not the strong, fiery woman who led a Rebellion. Sleep eludes me as the horrors of my mind come back to haunt me in my mind every night, it hurts and I sob but then I sometimes think that this must be my punishment, for every bad thing that has transpired, this is my punishment for the rest of my life. I wake every night in sweat, clutching my sheets, sobbing in tears, my heart races so fast I feel like it will jump out of my chest. Greasy Sae still visits me, making sure I eat my meals every day, she's probably the reason I am still physically alive at this point, if I had my way I would have stopped eating and died long ago, but she makes sure that I eat or she doesn't leave. Breakfast is small consisting of porridge and fresh fruit and orange juice, soup is for lunch with hearty stew for dinner with fresh cooked bread, the house is clean because of her, I have found in her the thing I was lacking when I was young; a mother, someone who nurtured me, fed me, supported me, it seemed strange at first and sometimes still does, it's so strange this maternal side being given to me. I still receive cards from Gale, you can tell its forced pleasantries, and what do you say to someone when you've killed their sister? It's the difference in the Capital, how it's changed, what he's doing. It's similar to my monthly phone calls with my mother, sometimes I don't even answer the phone when I know she calls, she abandoned me, didn't want to be near me or look, no, because she lost the real daughter she loved, not me though. It was easier to stay away from me than stay and help. And then there's Peeta, Peeta. Peeta who lives across from me, who bakes every day at both his house and the bakery leaving freshly, baked goods on the doorstep. I hardly see him, only mere sightings and passing's as I look out my window, sometimes when I'm in bed calming myself down from another nightmare, I wish and dream that he would come over here and keep me safe from the nightmares like he used to during the Victory tour, the only time I ever had a decent night sleep was when I was safe in his arms, when he was holding me. I miss him and his smile, his bright blue eyes, his calm persona but it's hard for me to approach him seeing the mess I'm in, look at me, he's got his life back, what right do I have taking that away? I don't want to burden him with my life's mess, I bet he hardly thinks of me or misses me. I can see him finding someone that makes him happy, someone that can offer him a future, someone that can provide him the happiness he deserves, not me though, I'm just a burden. I sometimes hate my house, the calm and quiet of it all, I sometimes hear it creak and hear noises, sometimes I think have the Capital have installed cameras in here and listening devices, still listening to me, watching me, watching me for their amusement. I hate living in this house, sometimes I like to think I could burn it down to the ground so they couldn't follow me or watch me anymore. I told Greasy Sae once but she laughed and said I was over thinking, but they don't understand, they don't understand what the Capital is capable of. If only Peeta was here, Peeta would make it all go away, he was the only one that would make me feel safe, he was the calm to my fire, he was the calm to my nightmares, he was my dandelion, my hope Peeta's POV 2 years, it's been 2 years since the end of the rebellion. 2 years of tremors, nightmares, aching leg, rehabilitation and constant medication to control my episodes. I frequently talk on the phone to Dr. Aurelius, I discuss my fears, my challenges, I talk about the good days I have and the bad ones. I8 months after I moved back to District 12 I started work on rebuilding my bakery in the family name, extending it, making it my dream, it helped calm my nerves and concentrate on the good things that I had left, the things that the Capital couldn't take away from me, I tell Dr. Aurelius about my painting and drawing, how it calms me before I go to bed but it doesn't stop the nightmares, I don't think anything will, well nothing but Katniss. Katniss, my Katniss. Dr Aurelius asks me every time if I talk to her but I try to brush over the subject as it hurts too much. Katniss was the only one who could make the nightmares stop, let me have a decent sleep, during the Victory tour when we would go into each other's train compartments we would fall into a realm of easy sleep and comfort, not anymore. My paintings consists of many things; the meadow, the sunset, the dandelions but most importantly of her, Katniss in her hunting stance, Katniss with her hair in her signature braid, her hair loose, the first time I saw her in that red flaming dress during the interviews in the Hunger Games, nobody sees my drawings or paintings, just me, my private collection. My business is thriving now and I have a good team, I still bake from home and leave a couple of loaves on her doorstep knowing that Sae will make sure she eats them. There's not a day that goes by where I'm not thinking of her, not worried out of my mind. I talk to Sae whenever she's on her way home from Katniss's, I ask her how she is, is she mentally better, how is she at taking care of herself? Is she putting on weight? But it's always the same answer, the state of depression, how she's not coping, she just shakes her head indicating no improvement, she further worries me when she tells me Katniss has been talking about how she thinks her house is bugged and wired with cameras from the Capital, how she thinks that they're still watching her. I sometimes late at night look out my window, wondering what she's thinking, what's she doing, I scarcely see her now. The first time I came back to District 12 and started planting the primroses in her lawn, I can't say I wasn't shocked at her state and appearance, but she was still my Katniss, I would love her no matter what, but after that I hardly ever saw her. I would knock on her front door but never get an answer, I would try ringing but she would never answer. I constantly talked to Haymitch, we discussed her and I made him swear to me that he would watch her, but whenever I went to his house his eyes would give me the answer I didn't want, no improvement, how she was just the same. But I continue, I continue my routine; make her loaves of bread, make her cheesy buns, make sure Sae and Haymitch are taking care of her. It breaks my heart that she won't allow me in, won't allow me into her life, her heart, her home, if she'd let me I would protect her from her fears, protect her from her demons and quell the nightmares keeping them at bay. I pace up and down the lounge room of Haymitch's house trying to close my nostrils to the stench of alcohol and God knows what else, I'm pretty sure something died in here but I can't fathom the source. It's a warm day and I smile, the birds are chirping and I can smell pine in the breeze, my smile turns to a frown when I think back of a time when Katniss would have been out in the woods with her father's hunting jacket and her bow bringing in her fresh kill, she didn't need to hunt but it was in her blood, the woods will always be in her blood. But now, now was a different story, a different Katniss. "I don't know what else you want me to do here, I'm trying here boy but it can be taxing"