Draco groaned, the alarm clock on his side table rang in his ears telling him to wake up. He slammed his hand to shut it when he truly felt the need to destroy the stupid thing. Sighing he lazily turned his head straight, looking at aqua-grey ceiling of his room. Another boring day. He shuffled out of his warm blanket and dropped his feet to the ground. He heard a knock on the door and then the door slowly opened with an elf walking in. "Good morning Master Draco, you is awake" The elf said. Draco yawned, running a hand through his hair. He reached his hand out to his side table and garbed his black rectangular glass. Draco looked at the Elf and smiled "Good morning to you too Missy" he said wearing his glasses. "I have ironed your clothes Master, would you like me to bring your breakfast in your room?" Missy asked politely as Draco got up. He opened his closet and grabbed a towel "Where are my parents?" he asked taking out the hanger which hung his fresh ironed clothes with a towel. "They left last night to Paris for a business trip, Master" The elf informed and Draco gave made a dry humming sound. "Bring my breakfast in my room then" he ordered heading towards the bathroom as the elf nodded. Draco closed the door of the bathroom and neatly hung the hanger on the hook behind his door. He hung the towel on the towel holder and walked towards the tub. He opened the water, adjusting it to how warm he liked it and pressed the bath plug in the tub's bung to let the water fill it up. In the meanwhile, he brushed his teeth and finally when the tub was filled he stepped out of his night pajamas to settle himself in his long white tub. Draco stepped out of the washroom completely dressed in his clothes. The breakfast was served in his room in a food trolley, as he ordered it. "Don't forget to take your supplements, Master" Missy says grabbing Draco's supplements from his side table and placing them on the trolley. Draco smiled and grabbed a piece of bread with butter "Thank you Missy, did you eat yet?" "Not yet, Master" the elf said pouring out some tea for him in a mug. Draco frowned "Missy, how many times do I have to tell you to take care of yourself first" he pushed his bread towards the elf "Here eat this" Draco ordered. The elf looked up at him with wide eyes "No, Master Draco! I will eat after!" she said shuttering. Draco sighed and rolled his eyes "Eat it Missy, I'll make myself another" he said. The elf smiled and shyly grabbed the bread away from Draco's hands "Thank you Master" she said taking a bite of the bread. The blonde smiled down at her and grabbed himself another bread. It's been 4 years since the war ended and now at the age of 21, Draco has found himself a successful future by entering into the top university of the wizardry world to become a potion Master. Draco looked down at the blue pills in his hands. He sighed, if only they were red pills, instead. He put them in his mouth and swallowed them down with the gulp of water. Today was going to be another long boring day. Draco sits in the room filled with 500 students as the professor gives the lesson. He misses Snap, the man was downright an infuriating person but he was amazing in Potions. He might have loathed all the students in Hogwarts, especially Harry Potter but not Draco. He adored the young Malfoy, for many reasons of course, they shared the same interest starting with Dark Arts and ending at Potions. Also in his benefit Snap was not only his Professor but also his God Father. He left all of his money and fortune, which included his underground potion lab, under Draco's name. Even if Snap wasn't good at showing emotion Draco knew the man loved him. The blonde sighed and cupped his face in his hands as his quill rolled on the table. ' I need to go grocery shopping, I shouldn't have gone before the weekend. If only Mother send a letter before their sudden arrival' Draco thought sighing. He remembers the day he told his parents his decision on moving out of the Malfoy Manor. Of course, they didn't care, they are never home anyways therefore they weren't too bothered by the decision. So Draco ended up buying a small luxurious apartment for himself near Muggle London. Father had been against the idea of course though Draco didn't care, he need a change in scenery. His neighbours were lovely, a sweet old couple who took care of him even when Draco politely declined their affection. They said he reminded them of their dead son, Draco wasn't sure how he felt about that but after that he never rejected them. He let them bring him food, spend some hours talking and Draco found out how wrong he had being about Muggles. Living in Muggle area, also resulted into him trying their food, which might he adds tastes heavenly. He regrets not trying them sooner and their scenes in fashion is amazing, Draco almost never wear robes anymore. In three years he had learned their culture and their living style. The machines they use or the games they play even the slang language they use. He avoids the wizarding world as much as he can, only goes to his university and then goes straight back to his apartment. He wants to forget all about his past, the Dark Lord and… and his friends. His mother say it should be easy, to forget and forgive himself but Draco disagrees. It's hard. To move on. The clock ticks to the final second and the class ends. Draco grabs his books and places them in his bag zipping it up. "Mr. Malfoy, please stay behind" The professor calls out to him and Draco curses under his breathe. The students leave, ignoring his existence but he doesn't mind one bit. He likes to be invisible. Swinging the strap of his grey canvas bag on his shoulder Draco steps down the stairs of the hall and walks towards his teacher. "Yes sir" he says firmly. The Professor looks up at him with his sky blue eyes, he a young teacher Draco thinks. Perhaps in his early thirties, he must a genius to be teaching Potions in a university at such a young age. "Mr. Malfoy, I want to speak to you about your academics" his voice is deep, it a nice sound as his honey brown straight hair fall on his forehead. "My academics?" Draco says raising his eyebrow. The older man smile, it looks good on him, it makes his perfect oval shape face glow "Yes, you are the top student of my class and one of the few with a scholar ship. You see Mr. Malfoy I have a position to offer you" he says. If Pansy was here she would have totally swooned over this guy. But she is not. "What kind of position Professor Mason?" Draco says with a hint of interest in his voice. "As a part-time I work for the Ministry, mostly the Auror department. I make potions for them and help them out with their missions if they need my assistance" Mason says "though lately, I am in a need of an assistance, since the work with university and from Ministry keeps pilling up on my desk" Draco's heart is pounding in his chest, he is ready to say yes but wants the man to finish. "I am offering you a job as my employee. Would you be interested? Your assistance would be much appreciated" Professor Mason asks with a smile and how could Draco decline just a wonderful opportunity? "I would love to accept your offer, sir. When do I start?" Draco says smiling, he can't believe his luck. He thought even after his degree in Potions no one would hire him with the dark Mark stained on his arm. Mason's blue eyes lit up "Wonderful!" he says gabbing a dairy and then flipping through pages "Would you be able to start tomorrow? I have an Auror team coming in two weeks from now on Friday you should be trained by then" he say grabbing his pen. "That sounds brilliant sir" Draco says nodding his head with a smile as he watches his professor marking the entry in his book with his quill. "Lovely" the professor smiles and then places his hand on Draco's head "Keep up the good work Draco" he says ruffling the blonde's platinum hair making Draco blush. He already knew he has a teacher crush on the man, not because he was Mason's favourite student but because the man has a very kind soul. His grey eyes glanced over to the red pills on Mason's desk. Yeah, the man really did have a kind heart, especially for an Alpha. Draco looks up and smiles "Then I'll see you tomorrow sir" he says. The professor nods happily "Have a good night Draco" he says waving his hand as the blonde walks away. Draco bows his head before closing the door of the room and apparating away. Draco sighed holding the shopping bags in his hands. Today was an exhausting day, he was tired and hungry but he had to walk home first then cook for himself. He sighed again as he took small steps, the bags in his hands were getting heavier and heavier making his shoulders ache. The university and then apparating to Muggle London always takes so much energy out of him. Draco walks by the park which was a few 10 minutes away from his house, a joyful feeling flutters in his heart knowing that he was almost home. Draco's left shoulder bummed with someone making the milk bag in his left hand slip out of his fingers. "Sorry mate- MALFOY!?" Draco's eyes grew wide as those round green astonishing bright eyes stared at him. "You wear glasses?" Draco blinks, he's sure this is the moment he's suppose launch those aggressive words and lure the man in a pugnacious fight. He looks down at the fallen milk bag and slowly bends down to grab it in his hand. "Do you need help with that?" Draco freezes, a nervous feeling twirls in his stomach and he stands up. He shakes his head and takes a step to the side to walk away. "W-Wait, Malfoy!" the man catches up to him and copies Draco's pace to walk beside him "Let me help you" the man insists and Draco stares at his sun kissed face. He looks better than the last time Draco saw him, which was during his trial of course. The man's face looks healthier with sincere eyes which shinned with joy, his lips smiled at Draco softly and he pulls his hand out towards the blonde. Draco looks down at the hand and blinks, he looks back up at the man's face who points his eyebrows at his hand and wiggles his fingers. "Thank you Potter" Draco says handing him three shopping bags and keeping fours with him. Potter looks shocked for a second then a harmless grin falls on his face as he grips those bags in his other hand "Here, give me more" he says looking at the other bags Draco was holding. Draco shakes his head "it's fine, I can carry them. You have enough to hold" he says but Potter had other planes. He leans forward and takes two bags away from Draco's hand "I can carry them! I am an Auror you know!" he says smiling and Draco gives him a dry look. "Good for you Potter, you'll be successful" he says nodding his head,