"Let go of me!" Draco growled. His body was trapped between a wall and a tall muscular man, who he doesn't even know the name off. He only knew that the man was a Ravenclaw with the color off his tie and the robe he wore. "Come on Malfoy, I am only asking for one night" the man said huskily said in his ear. Draco made a disgusting sound from the back of throat. He moved his hands forcefully which were also pinned against the wall, above his head, by the man. ' You fucking dumb shit, I already belong to another! My husband awaits for me and you son of a bloody witch won't just get your dirty paws off my flawless body' Draco cursed inside his head, feeling furious. "Let GO you freak! Before I hex you to the next Saturday!" he shouted "I said I am not interested!" Draco twisted his hands under the man's grip but it was no use, he was too weak and the man was too strong. A cold shiver went through his neck down to his legs as the man leaned in and licked his ear. Draco gasped "for fucks sakes" he whimpered struggling against the strong hold. Boiling with anger, Draco gripped his hand in a tight fist "I said LET GO!" he shouted loudly. "I believe we have a problem here" a voice echoed in the hallway and Draco froze. He swung his head to the side to see a tall, handsome and sun-kissed Gryffindor standing with his arms crossed looking as dashing as ever, even with his crazy and sexy black hair flying in many directions. 'Hubby to rescue! ' Draco squealed inside his mood instantly raising up, feeling happy as the urge to jump on the Gryffindor becomes strong. "HAR-" - too excited Draco, calm your shit – he clears his throat "about time your saviour alert was activated" he says instead. Draco felt the grip on his hands loosened and the man backed off. "P-Potter" the Ravenclaw shuttered. Harry took his wand out to examine the man's profile "well Mr. Grey you have earned yourself a whole week of detention with Flinch for been out of your dorm room at curfew hour and three days of suspension for student abuse" Harry said flipping his wand away and tucking it in his back pocket. "Just three days!? Why not the whole month!" Draco whined arguing but Harry ignored him "You can't do that!" the man shouted at him. "As the headboy I perfectly can" Harry said crossing his arms, his biceps expanded making folds on his robes. ' Handsome git' Draco looked at him in daze ' fuck! I hope I am not drooling' he though whipping his mouth with his long robe sleeve just to be sure. "I am sorry! I wasn't going to rape him! I was only teasing" the man explained. "I don't need your explanation Mr. Grey. Please head back to your dorm now, before you get yourself in more trouble. Like losing a big amount of house points" Harry said in his headboy voice and Draco almost swooned over it. The Ravenclaw clicked his tongue, he gave a glare to Harry before turning around to walk away. "Wait!" Draco called out suddenly. The man stopped and Harry watched with a laid back expression as the little blonde Slytherin walked up to the large Ravenclaw. Draco stopped in front of tall an and slapped him hard on the face. Grey stumbled back holding onto to his cheek, looking as shocked as Harry felt. "Next time when someone tells you to stop touching them, you stop. Fucking disrespectful arsehole" he says gritting his teeth and a small smile tugged on Harry's lips. The man was about to launch himself on Draco but Harry gave him a -don't you dare - cold stare, stopping him for taking another step closer to blonde. "Fuck you all!" he said running away. "No, Fuck you dickhead!" Draco shouted at him and Harry shook his head at him. The blonde turned his head with a huff, mumbling a small ' idiot s', to see Harry giving him an amused look. Draco drew his eyebrows together slightly "What?" he said defensively. Harry gave him an amused look "You are a very weird egg, you know that?" he said walking to stand beside the Slytherin. Draco huffed and stomped his feet "I am a unique piece of art! Get your facts right, Potter!" he said crossing his arms, his pale cheeks turning in an adorable pout. Harry lifted his eyebrow looking more amused "Of course, my apologizes" he said and Draco nodded. Harry offered his arm to the blonde "come, let me walk you to the dungeon before another person jumps on you and I have to suspend him too" he said smiling. Draco beamed – Oh, such a gentlemen! I'll bloody marry you mark my words- he gladly launched himself on Harry's arm hooking his own arm around him. "It's not my fault they attack me!" Draco pouted looking up at the tall male and fluttering his eyelashes. Harry smiles and rolled his eyes "No, of course not. Tell me what was it this time? The hip swing or the lip biting?" he said looking down at the blonde. Draco drew his brows together slightly "don't be mean" he muttered while pouting and Harry chuckled. They took a turn to the next corridor, to take the stairs down to the basement leading to the dungeon. "Seriously Draco this is the fifth suspension and that's just this month!" Harry said shaking his head. Draco narrowed his brows slightly more his lips getting pouter, digging his nails in Harry's arms, against those – so very fine- muscles. Harry laughed "oh, what am going to do with you?" he teased patting the blonde's head gently with his other hand. Draco grinned at him and squeezed his arm tightly, resting his head happily on Harry's biceps as his "husband" walked him to the Slytherin dorms. Breakfast – Great Hall "He's so damn handsome" Draco said taking a bite of the bread he was holding "Why can't I eat him instead?" "Don't be disgusting Draco, its only morning" Pansy grumbled beside him rolling her eyes. He ignored her and stared at the Gryffindor table in front of him where Harry Potter sat, laughing with his friends. He watched as Harry opened his lips to drink his tea "Umm, tasty" Draco moaned lowly. Pansy made a disgusting sound and pinched his arm, twisting his skin. Draco whelped in pain "Ouch! Bloody fuck women!" he said rubbing his abused arm. He glared at her "You do realise I can ask my hubby to suspend you for abusing me!" Draco said flipping his hair out of his eyes. She rolled her eyes and flicked her finger at his forehead "First get together with him, then try getting me suspended" she said monotonically. Draco blinked, he looked down at his laps and started to eat his bread again with a pout on his lips. Pansy didn't know what she was talking about, of course Draco was going to get together with Harry. He… was just taking his time, if he takes it fast, Potter would get creeped out and turn away from Draco. Right? And why isn't Blaise supporting him? He opened his mouth and looked to his other side to find an empty seat and quickly snapped his mouth shut. Draco blinked, without moving his eyes from the empty spot next to him, he started to poke Pansy invisibly. "What!?" she snapped at him, slapping his hand away from her arm. "Where is Blaise?" the blonde asked pointing at the missing space beside him. Pansy looked at the empty space next to Draco and arched her eyebrow. She turned her head to the Gryffindor table and blinked. The captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team was sitting there, next to Potter smiling widely. A frown made their lips "If Wood is there…" Pansy said drawing her brows together and turned her head to Draco who was wearing the familiar worried expression. "Then where is Blaise!?" they said in union. Throughout the breakfast, they waited for Blaise to show up, watching out for him whenever someone walked in the hall. After breakfast when Blaise didn't show up, Pansy and Draco decided to be late for their first class and rushed their way to the Dungeon hoping to find their friends. "He's not in the common Room" Pansy said scanning the large space of room filled by very few students. Without wasting a second, Draco started to run towards the stairs to the basement of the Dungeon "Let's check our rooms" he said stepping down the stairs. They stopped in front of their shared room and Draco opened the door to find it empty and dark. He felt fear and worry rushing up his brain, what if Blaise was kidnap? Oh God. Closing the door Draco whispered "Where could he be?" He looked up at Pansy who was giving him a worried look. "Come, let's find Wood, he would know" she said turning on her heels. They rushed out the Dungeon and ran up the stairs to the Gryffindor Tower. Draco blessed for the empty hallways, the classes had started leaving the space to be deserted to move around quickly. On their way up to the sixth floor Draco was patting for some air. "P-Pans, hold up" he said huffing, Merlin why is the Gryffindor tower all the way up!? Bloody hell, they could have reached heaven by now. They squatted down to their knees huffing and puffing, breathing in the fresh air. It was not on Draco's list to run a marathon from Dungeon to Gryffindor tower. When he and his hubby get together, he'll be dragging Harry to dungeon because hell no after this experience he's climbing up the stairs again. Dammit, shouldn't there be a secret passage way or something? Gryffindors can't possible run back and forth for every meal hours, from first floor back to the tower. That would be insane if they did. Well, this could explain why Harry is so bloody fit. His grey eyes glazed around the hallway, he barely goes to the sixth floor since he doesn't have any classes here. Draco let out a gasp, he grabbed onto Pansy's arm and started to shake it violently. "Look its Harry!" Draco was about to leap his next step to Harry when Pansy pulled him back from his collar making him choke as he stuck his tongue out making an ugly "Auh!" sound. Draco coughs, rubbing his abused throat "You crazy women!" he chokes out, tearing up. "What the blood hell is wrong with you?" " First! Don't you fucking dare skip!" she says dangerously pointing her finger to his face "You are Draco bloody Malfoy! Malfoy's DO NOT leap! I can put up with your love drunk puppy boy dramas! But not this! Do you understand?" she says with a dark look and Draco quickly nods his head shivering. "Damn women, you sound like my father. Stop coming over my house" he whispered under his breathe but the crazy witch had sharp ears as always and elbowed him hard in the stomach. Draco curled in pain "Ah! Fuck Pansy" he groans. "Second, no time for your ' fanboying'. We need to find Blaise" she said instead trying to drag him away by his school tie. Draco felt like he was flying, Potter looked so handsome standing next to the window with his Quidditch team as the sun shined on his face. Then Weasley spoke to Harry and the Gryffindor turned his body, showing Draco his back "Can't we do that in an hour?" he said in a dreamy voice, his eyes travelling down to Potter's curvy arse. "Your best friend is missing! And you rather stare at Potter's arse instead!?" Pansy almost yelled. "I