AU Note: Hi guy, this is my first Drarry story. I have been planing to write it for a while now, I hope you all enjoy it. This story is inspired by a song "bad things" by Machine Gun Kelly & Camila Cabello. Just a heads up that in the story the whole being gay concept is taken as a bad thing but it's because characters have to over come it. I am not offending anyone and I don't have a problem with gender sexuality (obviously since I am writing this story ^^) Please enjoy and feed back would be very much appreciated. Thank you. Summary: Love that we cannot have is the one that last the longest, hurts the deepest, and feels the strongest. Love between enemies is prohibited, but that makes it unspeakably desirable. So tendering with affection that it becomes harder to believe that it's wrong. Falling for someone you know you shouldn't. Then trying to fight the feelings but just couldn't instead you fell deeper each day and then you tried to hide it in every possible way. But somehow fate just keeps bringing you together, meeting in random locations, time after time. Smashing into each other like the ocean waves. Always explodes with lust on contact. Then leaving each other with a mess and unforgettable fights. But, even the destruction is so bloody beautiful. We always long for the forbidden things, and the desire which has denied us. Harry thinks If you can love the wrong so much... imagine how it would be with the right one. Am I out of my head? Am I out of my mind? We were crazy. Our love was crazy. Unique. So lustful. Caring. Perfect. Incredible. Brilliant. Every touch left with wanting more and more. If you only knew the bad things I like, don't think that I can explain it. Our love What can I say? It's complicated. It was mad, we had it bad. It drove us high. No self-control. Different from anything, everything and everyone. It was out of this world. Out of this universe. It lied between us and just us. No one ever understood it. No can ever understand it. It left us breathless. It was beautiful. Don't matter what you say, don't matter what you do Our love… Was a secret. It was Dirty. Filthy. A mysterious riddle. A puzzle. It was dragging us down and we couldn't stop ourselves from falling. Deep so deep, we kept on falling, together. There was no end. No stop. I only wanna do bad things to you so good, that you can't explain it Our love. It was a sin, a crime, a mistake. We knew it was wrong, so wrong. It was a sin. It was Forbidden . What can I say? It's complicated ... "Dad, please stop. I'll be fine. It's my 5th year after all" Albus said rolling his eyes. Harry let out a sigh stopping his son's luggage cart. "That's exactly why I am worried" He said crossing his arms. Albus grumbled "Dad I am not 5 anymore besides I already apologised for what happened last year" he said moving his luggage cart towards the wall between platform 9/12. Not giving his father the chance to argue back, Albus Potter, ran into the wall crossing the muggle world and entering the platform to the wizard universe. Harry ran his fingers through his messy black hair in frustration, letting out a heavy sigh and crossed over. At the platform there stood the Weasley family and his beautiful wife, Ginny Potter with his kids. He walked over to Ginny and put an arm on her waist, kissing her forehead before looking down at his kids with a smile. Harry couldn't believe how fast the time flew, it was James's last year, Albus's 5th year and Lily's 2nd year. He looked over his shoulder and found Hermione giving the mother lecture to her daughter; Rose Granger-Weasley, telling here to watch over Hougo once they reach Hogwarts. Similarly, Ginny was also going over the older brother responsibilities with Albus regarding their lovely daughter Lily Potter. Though the boy paid no attention to his mother, Harry notice shaking his head with an amused smile. In Fact he was looking around the platform in search, with a bored expression on his face. "Albus potter! Pay attention to me when I am talk-" "SCORPIUS!" Albus screamed loud enough to cut his mother off and making Harry jump a little. Harry blinked, he felt Albus shoulder brush on his arm as the boy rushed by him. He barely heard Ginny yell "Oh for the love of- ALBUS!" as he forcefully gulped. 'Scorpius? Isn't that...Draco's child?' thought Harry his veins suddenly freezing. "ALBUS!" Harry turned around to see Albus hugging the blonde boy just 2 inch smaller then him. His son had his arms wrapped tightly around the boy's waist, almost holding him protectively. In return Scorpius had his arms wrapped around Albus's neck as he let out a surprised chuckle. Harry felt his stomach swirl a little, as the scene before him brought back unpleasant memories. "Gross" Rose commented making them break their hug. "Don't be a git Rose" Albus said unamused turning his head towards the tall girl "I could give you a hug too Rose!" Scorpius said cheerfully, opening his arms. Harry noticed the slight stiff of Albus's shoulder and the smile which was replaced by a frown. 'Interesting' he thought. Harry couldn't help but wonder where Scorpius's dad was. He looked around the platform yet no sight of the older blond was to be seen. He let out a sigh of relief but couldn't help and feel the disappointment building up in his heart. "NO! You, stay away from my daughter as much as possible!" Ron said jumping in between as he wrapped his arms around his daughter protectively. Harry let out a small chuckle and Hermione rolled her eyes wanking her husband on the head. "If your daughter does end up with my son, be happy she will have a bright future ahead Weasley" Thump . Harry inhaled sharply, his eyes widen and suddenly his heart was beating loudly in his ears. A familiar scent of strawberry filled the air when a tall, long elegant figure came and stood next to Scorpius. Refusing to look at the voice of the owner, Harry decided it was wise to look down at the ground and pretend he wasn't there. He slowly closed his eyes in hope to slow down his heart beat as he inhaled a gulp of air and exhaled out through his nose lightly. ' Relax. Clam down. Please, just please relax Harry' He told himself. "Father!" Scorpius said with a pink blush on his pale cheeks. The loud voice of Scorpius shook Harry jolt in shock bringing him out of his thoughts. "Oh shut up Draco!" Ron said with a frown as Hermione let out a soft chuckle. "As if Scorpius and Rose will end up together" Albus mumbled his brows crossed looking slightly angry. Harry's eyes snapped open and he turned his head towards his son who looked annoyed or even angry with a large frown on his lips. He would have questioned that looked and possibly teased his son if all of his attention wasn't captured by Draco Malfoy and the amused look on his beautiful face. Harry gulped, letting out a small shaky breath and damn it all, why were Malfoy's so fucking good looking? "And why wouldn't he young potter?" Draco asked raising an elegant brow as he tilted his head a little letting the blond bangs on his forehead fall on his eyes. If Harry was allowed to fanboy or even let out a small squiggle without ruining his image this would be the moment. Oh Draco was so handsome. "Because they don't look good together, Scorpius is too good for her. He deserved someone who can love him for who he is and protect him always" Albus said with a serious tone, looking into Draco's eyes. So there was some of Gryffindor in Albus after all! Harry felt so proud. "Excuse you Albus! But you are not the one to decide that" Rose yelled back her voice clearly showing hint of anger. "Wait. What do you mean by that Rose?" Ron asked panicked. The two cousins had a glare battle ignoring Ron's question. "Rose? Hon!-" "Oh Ron, leave her alone! She is old enough to date whoever she wants" Hermione said rolling her eyes. "NO! She is still my baby girl!" Ron let out a small cry making Hermione smack him again. Meanwhile Scorpius just looked at Albus curiously as the two cousins had a silent tug of war with their eyes. Draco looked satisfied from Albus's comment earlier, Harry could tell by the way he stood tall with his hands in his pockets as he looked down at the boys. There was smirk on his lips, which Harry had missed so much. A unique taste of the blonde's mouth, that he thinks he still remembers, comes back to him and he wonders how long would it take for him to forget it. He wanted to reach his hand out to Draco's hair which were falling on his eyes and push them back gently. The inch to feel them against his fingers again was as strong as the first time when he saw Draco again 12 years after Hogwarts. Scars on my body so I can take you wherever His eyes were fixed on the blond in front of him forgetting the people around him. Then Draco's grey eyes moved suddenly locking with Harry's green eyes. Tick-Tock. Time stopped. Everyone froze. The platform was gone and in this moment, it was just them. Harry's eyes widen slightly, the air was getting heavy, he noticed, or was it just him who couldn't breathe anymore? His heart leaped from his chest, flying down to the runway like a mad train, leaving him a bloody mess and breathless in front of the tall handsome blonde man standing before him. His clear ocean, grey eyes were so hypnotizing, just like how Harry membered them. A string of silent warmth, craving, and thirst of some sort flashed through them and Harry was certain his eyes reflected the same. A cold shiver ran down Harry's spine, he was tempted to reach out, to touch him, hold him and breathe him in, until he can't think straight. Thump . A heartbeat. They blinked. I want you forever even when we're not together... The grey in his eyes turned as cold as the ice and in an instant Harry knew Draco's fallen mask was back on. His beautiful eyes which Harry loved so much were now back to being empty, showing no emotions. Scars on my body I can look at you whenever "Potter." his voice was so dry and cold that Harry had to gulp down forcefully to get rid of the lump in his throat. "Draco..." Harry said back with a small nod using the same dry tone which he hoped sounded as cold as the blonde's but he knew it would be lie to say that it did. Am I out of my head? Am I out of my mind? Train to Hogwarts will be departing in 10 minutes from Platform 9/12, can all the students please get on immediately. Again, train to Hogwarts will be departing in 10 minutes from Platform 9/12, please get on immediately. They broke their eye contact and looked away, their attention taken by their kids. Harry caught Hermione's eyes which were filled with disappointment, he felt his stomach drop as if someone had punched him and knocked out all of his air. Before dropping his gaze he saw a hint of sadness in her eyes and… guilt? Turning his eyes away from her he saw Albus walking up to Ginny and giving her a tight hug. Then the