Empty Handed Chapter 1 BPOV I couldn't imagine a more perfect ending to a more beautiful day. The night sky was clear and ebony as I lay in Edwards arms under a blanket of of gorgeous stars. In the near distance, waves struck the sandy shore rhythmically, bringing us a tranquility and peace. The ambiance surrounding us was pristine and full of a passion that could have burned the surrounding palms to the ground. I wouldn't have noticed. Edwards fingered the thin string of my bikini against my back, toying with the knot that held the garment together. His fingers ghosted and soothed over my skin. The energy surging between his fingers sent an electric current shooting up and down my spine like nothing else on this earth. Every nerve ending in my body felt squeezed under the pressure of his soft, tantalizing hands. I could feel his love in my soul, sinking deep into the pit of my being and burring itself deeply within me. I was completely consumed by him. So much so, that with out him, I wasn't sure if I felt alive. Didn't know if I knew what it meant to really live. It was a horrifying sort of peace. Like that calm before a store that would tear you apart. It had frightened me when we were younger; our devotion to one another was instant and unavoidable. Despite my best efforts to stay away from him, that electric tug wouldn't allow it. We were drawn to each other from the start, like the electrons of an atom; we were bound by some strange electromagnetic force. You couldn't cut us apart, we were indivisible. I nuzzled my face into his bare chest, littering the sun kissed skin I found there with hungry wet kisses that I hoped left little to his imagination. The taste of him when straight to my head, sweet candy flavored skin, musky with the heady scent of Edward's masculinity. He was like a narcotic, take me up high and burn me down. I flicked my tongue over his hardened peak, just under and then over the puckered pink flesh. It made him shiver and quake and when I closed my mouth over his sensitive bud, I could feel his gasp of surprise in the sensation. This was new, but we were fluent in this language and our love morphed into a flow of new ways of expression. I knew he was more reserved, but I was ready to show him that we could feel so much more. I needed him to see that I wasn't as fragile as his mind seemed to convolute. With a smile I sucked away the taste of salt water left over from our midnight swim. Tearing a surprising yet soft moan from his lips, I smiled at my accomplishment. Feeling a little adventurous, I swirled my tongue over him again. This time sucking hard, I nipped my teeth against him and pulled the taut flesh with me as I slowly moved my head away. A startled sharp breath escaped his lip as he gripped me to him, digging his fingers into the soft skin of my curved back. "Baby," he moaned with appreciation. "Mm…" I hummed, continuing my relentless torture and unwilling to break this magic spell. His fingers loosened and continued the gentle exploration, taunting and teasing me. I loved the way his body coiled under my hands. Even after all our years together, it thrilled me to feel him. Always so responsive and eager Edward was easily putty in my willing hands. With each pass of my tongue he grew restless and more wanton, shifting his body just so. I knew him so well it was hard sometime to understand where he ended and where I began. The shift of his hips only lead me to one conclusion. His mission was to bring his cock closer to the prize. The question was, which prize? I wanted to giggle at his imprudent discretion, willing me to lower further down the length of his body. His hips rocked forward, trusting his obvious hardening length toward my waiting mouth with careful precision. Even in asking for oral sex, he was a gentleman to the core. Never forceful, but gently suggestive and polite non-the-less. It was almost laughable. Like sucking cock was polite. "What baby?" I asked with sickeningly sweet innocents, batting my eyelashes up at him like the sweet girl we both knew me to be. "Do you want something?" he grunted at my coy question and thrust his hips in coupled response. The lopsided smile on his face only made me clench in all the right places. Eyes never leaving the movements of my mouth, I worked the flat of my tongue over his toned chest, drawing it over and down the center. When I reached his navel, I dipped inside, nipping at the rim of flesh. He groaned audibly, a deep sound coming from the back of his throat that made me grin. I continued peppering soft kisses and fevered nips over his eager flesh. The feeling of his abdominal muscles tensing under my lips sent a surge of power through me. Doubling my efforts, I trailed the sharp of my teeth down his happy trail. Placing a soft tempting kiss right above the waist of his board shorts as I trailed the tips of my fingers along his sides. With insane control, I ghosted my hands against his abdomen and I teased him with my mouth using hot, moist breath and tiny nips that I knew drove him mad with want and desire. The delicious sounds he made only spurred me on as I continued to work him up into frenzy. We equally loved every second of it too, of that I was positive. I repositioned myself to lie between his legs, causing the swell of my breasts to press against him just the right way. I could feel his hard cock pressed into my cleavage, our skin only separated by the thin boundary of his board shorts and my top. I was naughty, but we were vacationing and I was liquored up just right. Edward knew what a lightweight I was, so he couldn't deny not knowing what he'd gotten himself into. Eyes were hooded and dark as he stared over his own body, focusing on my position between his parted thighs, sharp dark irises that beckoned me like prey. "Let's head inside," he jerked his hips forward, rocking his barrier covered cock between my tits. "Mm…" I moaned, shifting and rubbing myself roughly over him. "It's a beautiful night, let's just stay right here under the stars..." I trailed off as my eyes flashed up to the glorious heavens that sparkled above us. Our island getaway had been a long time coming and I fully intended getting every bit of our time here together. "The view is just as beautiful from our bungalow, love…." He frowned as his eyes scanned my body, his fingertips reaching out to push the hair from my eyes tenderly. "It's starting to get chilly out here too." In response, his fingers twitched at my hip and curled over my cheek. His touch trailing warmth over my dampened skin, still cool from the water and gentle breeze coming in off of the swell break on the shore. "All right," I agreed after thinking a moment. I didn't need him to be adventurous or spontaneously become a voyeur for a little vacation nookie. I didn't need all that crap anyway. Edward, naked, and in the small confines of our private bungalow were just as appealing to me. In fact, the more I pondered the idea the more I liked it. Besides, his body and the sounds he would make were for me to see and hear and although we were pretty secluded, we weren't totally alone here. However, my downtrodden reply didn't go unnoticed. "What's that face for?" he pouted back with a curious sparkle in his eyes. "Nothing," I sulked, but tried to brush it off. I didn't want to ruin the evening over something so silly. Pushing myself up, I leaned back to rest on my haunches as I brushed the gritty sand stuck to my thighs and belly. I shivered as a cool breeze hit me square in the shoulders. I brushed it off by shaking it out and getting to my feet. Brushing grit and sand off of my chilly skin, I couldn't help but gaze out of the distance. Distracted, I tipped my head back to stare up at the sparkling night sky, taken away by the beauty. I never wanted to leave this perfect, beautiful island resort. This week had been the best of my life and that was really saying something, considering how wonderful life had been for me since Edward had come into it. He was right though, it was starting to get chilly. It's just that, I couldn't have cared less. We were here together on our forth day on this private sandy slice of heaven and I felt sensory overload. Edward had rented us the honeymoon bungalow despite our current title. I objected at first over the obvious extra expense, but I couldn't have been more accepting of the idea now. No one was around on this side of the island and for that I was thankful. The Southern Cross Club resort on Little Cayman was exclusive. Another plus to this all inclusive resort had been the limited number of people inhabiting it. Twelve beachfront cottages lined the nine hundred foot beach and out of the twelve, only three were inhabited so far. I'd felt like we were on a deserted island the first day. It wasn't hard to notice how seldom the other couples came out of their suites. It had me wondering if we were doing something wrong in soaking up the suns warm rays those first few hours after check it. It wasn't long before we'd found our own groove and lost ourselves in one another. Now, three days in I understood why they hadn't come up for air. I was struggling to find a reason to surface myself. The honeymoon beach bungalow was located on the eastern edge of Little Cayman, granting us absolute privacy and total seclusion. The bungalow itself was a spacious, open concept floor plan. The layout complete with a king size bed and billowing mosquito net curtains that fluttered in the sliest breeze. Our private verandah that over looked the South Hole Sound and uninhabited Owen Island provided us with breathtaking views during our meals. Just this morning after breakfast, Edward and I enjoyed a relaxing nap nestled in each others arms on the plush daybed overlooking the beautiful views of the ocean and wildlife that surrounded us. The fact that he'd woken me mid-day with his skillful tongue didn't hurt either. If this place wasn't our own little slice of paradise, then I didn't know what was. I could die here happily and without a single complaint. Thinking about this morning only fueled my naughty thoughts. Suddenly filled with a desperate need, I wanted him to take me. Here, now, on this very beach. At this very moment. I wanted to writhe above him under these stars. I needed to feel the contrast of the cool breeze caressing my overheated skin as I sank onto his hardened cock and rocked our hips together. I wanted to hear the waves crashing on the shore as we carried each other through a blissful climax. Just the thought of that sort of PDA had warmth creeping in my belly. "What, baby?" he whispered. I hadn't even noticed him stand to join me. Capturing a lock of my hair that floated in the breeze, he gently tucked it behind my ear and leaned in to place a soft kiss at the corner of my mouth in the same move. "It's nothing," I replied. "…we can