Hi Everyone! I know I already have stories going on but I really wanted to post that kind of like a "Comeback Story". I had a really hard time in the last 6 months and this story helped me a lot at getting my 'spirit' back and I wanted to share it with you. This story is about love, hardships and luck with a homeless Edward and a younger Bella. It will have 3 maybe 4 chapters and I don't have an update schedule for it. I don't do schedules anymore because it just doesn't work for me but I'll do my best and update as soon as I can. Thank you so much to my Beta, Tammy, to Postapocalypticdepository for pre-reading and to Chandrakanta for the awesome banners! I don't own Twilight. Lucky Ticket Huddled under my ratty blanket in my usual corner of the busy street, I was waiting for her, impatiently. The Chicago air in December was bitter cold…slapping hard against my cheeks, eating at my bones. I was a shivering mess but I refused to leave, refused to find warmth in a shelter. Afraid she wouldn't find me and go home. She should be here soon… Just a little longer. I repeated those words in my head relentlessly. It was my personal mantra every day, at the same hour for the last year while waiting for her. My own angel, my beautiful Bella. The day I met her, I knew God had finally heard all of my whispered prayers. I asked, begged him to send me an angel to guide me to him, I asked him to take me away from here so I could finally be warm and at peace. He sent me a miracle. He sent me love. A blinding, blissful love…delivered by a beautiful angel. And it was so, so much better. I will never forget the day I met her… Christmas Eve. The mood on the streets was joyous; Christmas carols playing in the background of a scenes full of smiles, laughter, and happiness. I was envious, watching all the carefree families with an expression marred by jealousy and resentment. Still, I kept watching, imagining it was me in their place. I had that once too… Now what? At twenty-five, I live in the streets begging, barely surviving. After a year in this situation, I was used to being ignored by people. They were too lost in their content, happy bubbles to care about me. Throwing me a spare bill occasionally. During those times, like Christmas, it hurt to be alone on that corner. People would bump into me, walk past me like I was garbage. It was worse knowing I have a family among that mass of people. I had parents, siblings; I had a wife . They just didn't want me. In less than five years I became the shame of the 'Oh so great Cullen family'. It seemed that wanting to live your dreams and make your own choices was the highest crime one could commit in Sir Carlisle Cullen's world. He wanted me to follow in his footsteps, live and breathe in his world of big business. Force me into a position within his company. He wanted me to be him. He wanted me to marry the superficial daughter of a one of his business associates who, like Carlisle, had his own business so we could "bring the families together." Seriously, did I look like some kind of contract? I wanted to be a musician, play my piano, and live a simple life. I wanted to start my own music school. I wanted to teach anyone, everyone to love music like I do. I wanted to live the American dream; I wanted a wife, 2.5 children, to own a home with the white picket fence, and maybe a dog. I didn't want to be part of the money charade my family lived daily. Did I ask for too much? I don't think so. My father knew he could never count on Emmett to achieve his goals; sadly, my younger brother wasn't the brightest person I knew. Scratch that, Emmett was stupid. And Alice was way to self absorbed, obsessed with shopping and burning a hole in her daddy's black card; to care about the company, marrying and giving Sir Carlisle a grandchild…another generation to mold. I was the only option. Can you imagine the tabloids? ' The eldest son of Carlisle Cullen (extraordinaire), Edward Cullen, taking his father's place as the CEO of Cullen Electronics, the Multinational Corporation. Marrying his business associate's daughter making CE the largest electronics company in the world.' Yeah sure. For me it was more like ' Edward Cullen, son of the controlling, heartless, and selfish Carlisle Cullen, will be sacrificing his entire life for a man who insisted his son refer to him as "Sir" instead of "Dad." My father was a tyrant, plain and simple. He wanted things done his way and his way only. So when I decided (after two years of Business classes at Harvard) I would change my major to music, he went ballistic. Threatened to cut me out of his will and disown me. I had always been independent, working to buy what I needed, paying rent on my apartment. My college fees were paid by an educational scholarship I earned. When Carlisle realized I didn't need his money or his name, he quickly changed tactics. He let me do what I wanted. Which was even more suspicious to me. After a few months he started sending me letters telling me how much of a disappointment I was to him. How my mother was suffering from depression because of me. He was trying to manipulate me, make me feel guilty so I would give up my dreams and live his. He even sent my mother with her crocodile tears, attempting to change my mind. Nevertheless, I held my ground and didn't waver. During my third year of college, I met Rosalie Hale. I married her. My life went to hell. It was Christmas Eve, I was so lost in the memories of my past that I didn't see her coming. She took me by surprise. I was in a fog, watching people pass and almost jumped out of my skin when I saw a shadow above my cold, shaking form. Instinctively, I curled into myself, protecting the water bottle and the few dollars I had in my worn backpack, hidden under my blanket. Being beaten by other homeless men was not pleasant and I quickly learned that protecting your food and money was the most important thing. I was shocked when the shadow above me spoke…softly. "I'm sorry Sir; I didn't mean to frighten you. I just thought you could use this." Her voice was like a melody, a lovely composition. It sent shivers down my spine, creating a warmth. A warm that radiated through my body, sending a blazing fire to my frozen heart. I looked up, wanting nothing more than to see the face that belonged to the beautiful voice. As soon as I saw her, my heart stopped. An angel. She was wearing a thick beige scarf with a matching beanie that had a bell hanging off of it. The scarf hid most of her face but what kept my gaze were her eyes. Endless pools of chocolate, mercilessly drowning me, surrounding me and imprisoning me into their depths. I didn't fight it. I just let myself fall into her, relishing in the feelings going through me. I must have stared into her eyes too long because she started to fidget uncomfortably. That was when I noticed the large brown paper bag she was holding in my direction. I looked at it for a moment before returning my gaze to her, questioning her with my eyes. She finally lowered her scarf, revealing full and plump pink lips, and smiled at me. My heart gave a loud ' Thump' and started to beat erratically, making my head spin. "It's just some food and something to drink." I said nothing, still looking at her intently and she started to rant. "I- I saw you sitting here this morning, actually I see you sitting here alone every day but since it's Christmas Eve, I thought, well, maybe, you didn't want to be alone. And yeah, so I made this and I was alone too so I thought why not share it." She finished, taking a deep breath and biting her lip, her cheeks turning a deep red. I didn't say anything, completely mesmerized by her voice and the different expressions passing on her face. Honestly, I was a little scared of what would come out of my mouth if I opened it. When I didn't answer, she dropped her head in her hands and shook it from side to side as if embarrassed and muttered something that sounded like "What the hell am I doing?". Then she put the bag down near my feet and turned to leave hastily. The moment I realized what she was doing, I jumped up from the ground despite my aching and frozen muscles. I grabbed her little, glove covered hand softly with mine. She turned around, surprise marring her beautiful face. She stared at our joined hands then at me and tilted her head to the side, making me want to laugh at how cute she was. It was right then that I said the word that changed both of our lives. "Stay." I couldn't let her go. I wasn't able to do it. I knew I had to hang onto her as hard as I could. She was my hope. I knew it. She observed me for a few endless seconds as if trying to see inside me before ducking her head and nodding a little. I couldn't help the smile that appeared on my face when she agreed to join me. She started to lower herself to sit on the ground next to me and I quickly pulled out my only other sweater from my backpack and laid it on the cold, dirty concrete. There was no way I would let my angel sit on the hard ground and get dirty. "Please don't get your clothes dirty for me! I can sit on the ground, it doesn't bother me." She immediately said, trying to put the sweater back in my bag. Ah, my angel is selfless too . I snatched it back, putting it back on the ground and tugged on her hand until she was sitting where I wanted her to. "Sit." I simply said. My voice was hoarse and my throat hurt from the cold and lack of use. There was rarely a reason to talk. My angel peered up at me and gave me a thankful little smile, before lowering her gaze. I took this occasion to observe her. She was so beautiful. She looked quite young to my 25 years. A round face, button nose, which had turned a little pink from the cold; I could see strands of brown hair picking out of her beanie. Her lips were full and enticing, her eyes magnificent; for the first time since what felt like forever, I felt want, desire. I wanted to hold her, I wanted to kiss her. I wanted her to be mine. I kept my eyes on her, forging her image into my memory, creating a special space just for my beautiful angel. I was so focused on memorizing her features that I flinched a little when her head turned up to look directly into my eyes. Slowly, her brown eyes ran down the length of my face, was she memorizing my face too? Suddenly, I felt embarrassed. I couldn't help but think about how I looked in her eyes. My hair was a mess and entirely too long, I haven't shaved in a few weeks. The shelter I usually went to didn't give