Jay's Corner: Bonjour Everybody! This is my second story on FF and I have to say I am nervous as hell . I don't know why… I guess it's because that story can be seen as judgmental by some. So before you put your big humanists' hats on guys: I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST HOMOSEXUALITY! Voilà! I said it!I am not gay but It doesn't bother me in any way. I'm even dedicating this chapter to all French lesbians and gays! Congratulations on obtaining your wedding rights! For the rare ones who have read my other story – Please, Take care of Mommy – well… This is a 180° turn! Too Gay For You is a comedy that I let fall in the romance cauldron! (That doesn't mean you shouldn't try and read PTCOM ! *cheeky*!) Actually, this is the adaption of an Asian drama called Down with Love . I just mixed my two loves Too Gay For You IS NOW A FULL STORY! Yeah I know you love me! Let me be clear before we start. I don't want anyone coming in here to write offending reviews about people's sexual orientations. I will immediately report those. And please no flames! And… That's it… See you at the bottom for Fics Recommendations! (I have a lot of those in store for you) A lot of Thanks, hugs and candies to my Omega (I don't like the word Beta… so yeah) Amaryllis-Amy (On FF) ! You're wonderful, girl! Disclaimer: I own nothing! Too Gay For You Chapter 1: Born This Way It's hot… It's too hot… I'm thirsty and sweaty… and thirsty… If I die in this heat, bury me with my glasses, pretty please... I think I look cool with them. Her last thought made her snort. That was the kind of situation only she could find herself in. When Bella took that job as a dog walker, she was thinking "cute, furry little thing" and not "beast, almost human size making her run all around the park". Now she is lying down on the soft grass in the park, after returning Hulk to his master, under the too hot sun, not having any energy left to pull herself up. Her bob styled wig was making her itch, and her thick, black framed glasses were sticking to her skin. Ugh, this, right now must be my nonsexiest moment ever , she said to herself, and all of that only for a small amount of money. The thought made her blood boil. Inner Bella immediately gave her the "mental bitch slap". Now, now, we don't have time for a pity party, Swan! Work, work, work means money, money, and again, MONEY. That's right! She indeed didn't have time to complain about her life. It was only her and her sister, and Bella's inability to keep a stable job meant that they were mostly living on her sister's salary. After all these years, they still hadn't managed to finish paying off the house their father had left unpaid before deserting them, taking their brother with him. On top of that, the rent for the little house they were residing in was due soon. It was only two rooms and bathroom, but it was still something, no need for more. Under the circumstances, she understood why Rosalie was so adamant on saving every penny possible. Getting up from the floor, Bella passed her hands on her too large jeans and readjusted her glasses. They were fake ones, only an accessory, but their purpose was clear: Keep the bugs away. In her vocabulary bugs was just another way to say men . She didn't hate them at all; she even had a boyfriend and salivated in front of pictures of Orlando Bloom too, however she was conscious that she wasn't completely ugly and just didn't have the time to deal with them. Therefore, she was constantly wearing a short cut wig, hiding her long brown hair, and thick, ugly glasses. Some days, she would even paint a bunch of ugly looking little red points across her cheeks. Yeah, the perfect package to keep men at bay. Take that Casanova! Try to seduce me and see! She thought smugly. She was jolted out of her thoughts by her phone ringing. She retrieved the big engine from her jeans pocket and quickly looked at the ID. Rosalie. Great. Bella loved her sister dearly, she really did. Nonetheless, her obsession for money must be taken care of and fast. It was seriously bordering on the crazy side. "How much!" Figures. "Hello my dear sister, how are you on this beautiful day? I am well, thank you, Rosalie, you? Oh, I am good too! It's so refreshing to see that we share such a fraternal love, right, Rosie ?" Bella said sarcastically. She knew how much her sister hated that nickname. "Oh shut it Swan! Just tell me how much already! And don't call me Rosie!" She screeched on the phone. "Eeeesh, calm down woman! I made around a hundred and bits…" her voice was low at the end. She already knew what was coming. "Uh-huh. And when is your next day of work?" Here comes nothing. "Ikindagotfired," she mumbled hoping her sister wouldn't catch it. No such luck, Rosalie was a freak with super hearing, she heard it loud and clear. "Isabella Swan, Tell me you didn't just say you got fired?" Rosalie almost growled. "You didn't just say you got fired?" she knew she was pushing her buttons but she already lost her job anyway so why not have a little fun? "Don't play with me, Swan! You had better find a job by tomorrow or I swear…" "Ok, ok, I get it, no need to put your panties in a bunch. Are we still on for lunch?" they had an important event to attend to at lunch today. "Yeah, of course. I hope you are ready and didn't eat breakfast! Our future depends on you and that big stomach of yours!" Dramatic much… "Don't worry, Sis! Food is my area of expertise," Bella stated proudly. "'Kay Bye!" In a true Rosalie Swan fashion, she hung up without letting Bella utter another word. She shrugged, used to her sister crazy behaviour. She stared at her phone for a second, wondering when she will be able to replace the ancient thing. Seriously, I could crush bricks with this thing… Straightening her posture, she starts toward the busy streets giving herself a pep talk . Let's get a job Bella! On the other side of town, opposite from the carefree setting of the park, a meeting was taking place at the top of the Cullen Building. Three men and a woman were sitting around a classy looking black square table. You could cut the air with a knife. One of the men, however, seemed completely oblivious to the tense atmosphere. Twirling his pen fast around his long fingers; he was smirking slightly, waiting for the moment when they will crack. First step: Create a tense atmosphere. Check. "Well Mr. Cullen? You made us come all the way over here so I assume you have a good reason." He said nothing, only ran his hand trough his gorgeous, copper coloured hair and leaned back against his chair. "A proposition maybe?" the man probed again. Still nothing. "Will you please say something?" he was getting pissed now. Perfect. Step Two: Make them lose patience. Check. Finally, Mr. Cullen started speaking in a low, almost seductive voice, "Two days ago, my client, Mrs. Stanley here, received a notification stating that her husband, your client, is accusing her of not being able to uphold her marriage commitment by having an affair." "Someone set me up!" The woman huffed. Mr. Cullen laid a calming hand on her shoulder. Then he got up and started pacing behind her chair. "So your client is requesting for a divorce with my client, is that correct?" he questioned. "Yes it is," answered the other attorney, Mr. Jones. All this time, the third man, an old looking gentleman just kept silent, like his lawyer instructed him too. "Then what about the alimony?" Mr. Cullen inquired, raising one perfect eyebrow. Mr. Jones guffawed, a loud, clearly exaggerated laugh before righting himself. "Mrs. Stanley didn't tell you? Before they got married, she signed a prenuptial agreement and they went to the courthouse to fill a properties settlement system. Therefore, my client will not pay a dime," he smiled clearly proud of his little tirade. "You said you would take care of me for the rest of my life!" Mrs. Stanley cried. "Back then, you also said that you did not marry me for my money," replied calmly Mr. Jones's client. Mr. Cullen scratched his chiselled jaw slightly and looked down, his face a mask of sadness. "Mr. Stanley, after all those years of marriage, don't you have even a little bit of heart?" He asked seemingly sadly. The other attorney laughed again shaking his head. "I never thought I would ever see 'the infamous, unbeatable Edward Cullen' rely on the sympathy act to win some alimony," he snorted. "And I thought you had some amazing trick up tour sleeve!" It was Edward's time to laugh. "Alright, since you gentlemen are still so insistent, we will see each other in court." Cullen said, still chuckling. Step Three: make them think they can mount on your head. Check. Mr. Stanley and his attorney hastily got up and started making their way to the door. However, Edward's soft voice cut them short, "At that time, my client will reveal the truth to the world, and we will let the judge decide." He was now dead serious, all trace of prior amusement leaving his voice. They turned around, their focus back on the beautiful attorney. "What do you mean?" "Mr. Stanley insufficient virility has caused my client to not to have even a little bit of a sex life. I think using this fact; the court might make you pay compensation. Otherwise, not uploading her marriage commitments is enough." Edward had a smug smirk plastered on his face when he took the faces of the opponent side. Mr. Stanley's wrinkled face turned to face his former wife making her recoil a little into her chair. "You wretch! How can you drag that issue into this matter?" he shrieked. Edward Cullen came around the table holding something in his hand. "This is the Viagra my client found in your shared bedroom, a nd, this is the medical evidence provided by the hospital proving that you are having problems with you prostate gland." Mr. Jones butted in, "That doesn't prove that he has problem having sex!" He was getting worked up. Good. "If not, why would Mr. Stanley here even use Viagra? Moreover, the amount used… isn't small at all," The last part was whispered. Slowly, Edward made his way back to his chair, crossing his long legs and tilting his head back, a picture of ease. "Such a major gossip worthy situation," he whispered wistfully, "I am sure the paparazzi will be interested…Maybe by that time, it will make me discover even more," he smirked. "For example, when Mr. Stanley became impotent, and how he became impotent…" Step four: Rub it in his face. Check. He went on, "After spending so much money, and yet to have no evidence of improvement, no wonder such a young and beautiful wife would go out to meet people," he finished, gesturing to a blushing Jessica Stanley. Finally Mr. Stanley completely snapped, "Shut up! You keep on saying that I can't do it. If I am impotent, then why would my secretary be pregnant? Huh?" Loud gasps were heard around the room. Edward just smiled lazily. Strike! He raised two fingers and stated, "We want two". "Two million?" Edward snorted. "Of course not. Twenty million. After all, I heard that deal you sealed not long ago was worth a