Azkaban was always so cold. That's the one thing Sirius noticed after only a few days in his cell. The crisp air seeped quietly into his bones and the shivering was a constant. The screaming was also consistent, a different sound each day to wake the man up from his nightmares. Sirius knew, from the stories and from now lived experience that people lost their minds here. Either the guilt or the loneliness caused every single person to go a little bit insane. The only exception was Sirius, although the cocky, handsome man that entered was deceased, parts of him still remained. He wasn't screaming, he wasn't begging for a way out, he was still. Silent. Staring at the floor with his dead grey eyes, twiddling his thumbs. All of that however, was about to change. It was July 19th, 1983. A Tuesday to be precise. Of course, Sirius didn't know that. He hadn't known the date for many years. The days just kept on going in Azkaban, the same routine repeating itself until that's the only thing you ever know. The steps that echoed through the cell caused him to look up. There seemed to be a glitch in the system. A man in a blue robe was walking slowly towards him. Sirius quickly stood, confusion plain as day written on his face. People didn't come to Azkaban, especially people with such colourful clothes. It had been years since somebody had worn a colour other than faded black and white. The confusion soon flicked to surprise as the man kept walking towards him. No one had ever visited. He didn't think it was possible. The man eventually stopped, right outside his cell and his hands quickly went to working open the door. "Sirius Orion Black?" The man's gravelly voice asked, and Sirius could only nod, his voice far too weak to be used. The man gave a small grunt before pulling the door open, standing aside to await Sirius' exit. But he stood, frozen in the room that he had been wrongly caged in years ago as a bewildered look passed over his face. The bulky man huffed in frustration, quite obviously annoyed at the lack of cooperation of the criminal. So he pulled out a small scroll, quickly rolling it out before speaking. "The Ministry of Magic has officially recognised that Sirius Orion Black is not guilty of the crime charged against him. Peter Pettigrew has been found, as of now in the middle of trail awaiting verdict." Sirius flinched as the man read out the name with such fluency. The man who had ruined his whole life. "Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore is to meet Auror Black at Azkaban and to discuss further details. Auror Tyler will be the one to collect Mr. Black." The scroll was then rolled up, and the man waited for Sirius to get moving. "I'm free? Truly?" Sirius asked, his voice squeaking making him wince. He tried clearing his throat but it only made it worse, so he vouched to keep quiet. As the man nodded, a smile rose on his face. A smile that had not appeared on his face for many years. Cautiously Sirius stepped out of his cell and followed the now named man out towards freedom. As he walked, he looked side to side. People were leaning heavily against their cell bars, their faces pressed to see what was going on, a mad look in their eyes. He felt a cold shiver pass through him as he walked past his dear cousin's cell. "Sirius!" Bellatrix shouted, her madness somehow seeping through the bars. "Sirius Black!" A vicious grin rose on her face but he ignored it as he quickly strode on towards the exit. His heart was thumping at the thought of an exit. Freedom. Sirius was not used to this sort of hope he was feeling in his chest. It seemed to last forever, walking past all these people. But eventually he was there. Somehow he knew he had finished. His days behind bars were soon going to be behind him, maybe he could even seek out the forgiveness that he thought he so desperately needed. What Sirius didn't know was that no one blamed him, everyone blamed themselves for not seeing Peter for what he truly was, for letting Sirius rot in hell, for James and Lily dying, for not being able to stop Voldemort before he took too much, but no one blamed him. The warmth that spread through him as he walked towards a low warm light made him realise that this couldn't be Azkaban anymore. He didn't know how but he wasn't in that place anymore. Auror Tyler walked quietly in front of him until he stopped outside of a large silver framed door. It was in the middle of a long brick wall that carried on both west and east for as long as Sirius eyes could see. When he turned round all he could see was darkness, no glance at what was once his life for so long. He then turned back towards Tyler who had his hand on the golden handle, "This is where you and I part ways." He said calmly, "Just walk through these doors and Professor Dumbledore will be there to help you." A small hoarse thank you was the reply that Tyler got as the door was twisted open and Tyler walked away down the endless corridor. Sirius didn't even bother looking back before he rushed through the door and entered this brand new room. The room that he stepped into was bright, so bright that he had to shield his eyes for a few moments to adjust to the new level light. When he could see again, he saw everything. Not just the dark greying colours of Azkaban, but all the colours. The curtains were a bold red, with golden trimming along the top that he gratefully noticed were drawn, shielding the outside light. There was grandfather clock which was a beautiful oak colour. When he felt the warmth against his back he turned to see blazes of the golden fire which made another smile appear on his face, but a full on grin spread when he saw Dumbledore. He was sitting in a chair, green robes shining brightly. "Professor." He whispered, and for the first time he noticed he was shaking. All this new emotion was taking effect on him. Dumbledore gave a quiet smile, before looking pointedly at the chair opposite him. "I have thought that you would want a drink after getting out." At the pleased look in Sirius' eyes a small chuckle escaped from the headmasters lips. Soon Sirius couldn't feel the dryness in his throat, and his voice was gradually getting stronger, needing time to get used to being in use again. "Professor, what's happening? Why now? What did Peter say? Where even is Peter?" Dumbledore held out a frail hand, silencing all of Sirius' questions. "All in good time my old friend, all in good time. What we need to speak about now is immediate details." At Sirius' silence, the Professor continued. "Peter was found by Arthur Weasley last month. Bought him straight in, and as soon as the news spread a trial was started. A few drops of Veritaserum and, well we knew you were innocent." Sirius sat up, his drink now finished. "What am I to do now? What of Harry?" As soon as he spoke his name Dumbledore sighed. "Harry has been living with his Aunt and Uncle for the last three years." Sirius would have stood in outrage if he had the strength. "I hope you are talking about some long lost brother and not Lily's older sister! She hated magic, anything to do with it. How on earth did you think it was wise to let her look after Harry?" His heart hurt as he thought of the little babe he knew. The boy was the joy of both James and Lily's lives, as well of course of Sirius'. The black haired baby with his chubby cheeks and emerald green could brighten anyone's day and it made Sirius heart break at the thought of his Godson being anywhere near those magic hating muggles. "It was the only place that was safe. Harry is famous, The Boy Who Lived. There isn't a wizard out there who doesn't know him. He needed to be out of the spotlight, and still does." It took a while for Sirius to realise what Dumbledore was saying. The thought of keeping Harry at the Dursley's even though he could look after him, it broke him. "No. I'm his Godfather, Lily and James would want me to look after him." His heart beat sped up rapidly, the prospect of Harry being so close, yet being unable to go near him hurt him more than he dared say. "I am not saying that Harry is to remain with the Dursleys." At this Sirius relaxed slightly. "What I am trying to say is that, Harry is a famous young boy. We need to keep him out of the spotlight. Which is why-" Dumbledore paused, moving to reach for a piece of parchment. "You need to sign this." He handed it towards the younger man. "If you sign, it entitles you to full guardianship of Mr. Potter." Sirius didn't even need to think twice as he grabbed a quill and quickly wrote his name along the allocated space his signature a shaky mess from both the thought of being with Harry and his tired bones. Dumbledore then proceeded, "Now the Ministry, as compensation for the wrongness done to you, has given you 40,000 Galleons." Dumbledore continued speaking before Sirius could react, "I have taken some of this and bought you a house and furnishes for you and Mr Potter to live in." Sirius nodded in gratitude, thankful for the trouble Dumbledore went through to do this so that Sirius didn't have to. "When can we see him?" Sirius asked excitedly, his mind racing at the possibilities he thought were impossible mere moments ago. It had been far too long since he had seen his little Godson. "When you have your strength back. I have sent a letter to the Dursleys and they are expecting you tomorrow, and Madame Pomfrey is expecting you to come and see her beforehand." A stern look was passed between teacher and former student, and a reluctant nod was shown that he would accept Dumbledore's request. It was strange to be back at Hogwarts, it felt like lifetimes ago that he had stepped out from the large castle doors and into the real world. The corridors were empty for the summer holidays, it was strange for it to be so quiet. Everything looked just the same but more shiny. The portraits were still familiar, although the real details of each framed piece were lost to him. As were all the decorations, the large statues, the bright chandeliers, the grand staircases. The great architecture of the building still gave Sirius the same feeling as it did the first time he walked up the steps. A new beginning, a new start. To step away from his past and be who he wanted. A feeling of grief fell over him as he remembered the fun he had with his best friend, James during his school days. The pranks they pulled, the great laughs they had, the things that found out together. The life lessons he learnt with Remus, turning into an animagus just for him was one of the best decisions he had ever made but also one of the most difficult. It took them years to learn the skill, but of course it was worth it. Every full moon Remus had people there, who he knew cared for him a great deal. Even Peter, even he made his Hogwart school days a much better place to be at. "What of Remus?"