Disclaimer: Anything that you recognize is JKR's and everything else is mine (except for a couple of the names i stole from Game of Thrones hehe) Hi guys! So this is a companion to Feel Again but because it takes place earlier it also can stand alone. This and Feel Again are simultaneously in the works depending on if I'm feeling like writing teenagers or adults. Pick one, pick both, but either way I hope you like it as much as I like writing it! Read, Review, and Enjoy, Stars. It's a different kind of danger And the bells are ringing out And I'm calling for my mother As I pull the pillars down It's a different kind of danger And my feet are spinning around Never knew I was a dancer 'till Delilah showed me how ~ Delilah , Florence + The Machine Danilynn Masters loved hiding her identity. Her brother disapproved that she turned her hair brown every morning before she got out of bed, but she didn't care. She was so diligent that none of her friends had ever seen her with her natural hair color; sure, her face and hair were in the papers during summer, but everyone who saw her at school was starting to wonder if the pictures were altered and she wasn't a true Masters, after all. Not once had anyone seen her true color in person because every morning she would tap her head with her wand, mutter a spell, wait a moment for it to settle into a dark brown, and get out of bed. The truth of it, she thought as she got ready next to Lily, was that she was tired of standing out. She wanted to at least pretend to be normal and not have her hair acting like a beacon saying, "Please look at me". She had managed it for about two and a half years now; half way through their Third Year and she had kept up the charade flawlessly since day one. Lily smiled at her as she put on her shoes. "Dan, did you hear Professor McGonagall say when the next Hogsmeade trip is? I have a real Butterbeer craving." Lily said to her best friend. Dany shrugged. "I don't know if she said…hey Marles! You know when the next Hogsmeade trip is?" Dany called out another of their dorm mates. Marlene McKinnon poked her head out of the bathroom. "Not sure…I don't really pay much attention though, so I'm probably not the best source…do you know, Al?" Marlene called back into the bathroom. There was an indistinct voice that sounded rather negative, "Al doesn't know either. Maybe the boys will know? If anyone would, it's them." Marlene suggested. Dany nodded and leaned up against her dresser. "True. I don't remember a time Sirius and James have missed an opportunity to stock up on Zonko's jokes." Dany responded. Lily wrinkled her nose in distaste at the mention of James Potter and Sirius Black. "Yeah, but Marley, that would require me to talk to Potter or Black. I think I'd rather have a chronic condition." She snipped and Dany rolled her eyes at Alice Prewett (their fourth room mate) and Marlene as they all left their dorm. On their way down to the Great Hall, Dany felt her head start to itch. She idly scratched her head, nails digging into her scalp. By the time they sat down at the Gryffindor table, it felt like someone had put itching powder in her hair while she slept. She was seated between Marlene and James and they were discussing Hogsmeade (which was apparently the next weekend) when all of a sudden the itching stopped. Dany sighed in relief only to notice Lily, Remus, and Sirius were all staring at her from across the table, mouths slightly ajar. "What? Do I have something on my face? Seriously, you guys my table manners aren't that bad. No need to look like I've just solved the great mysteries of the universe." She said jokingly. James and Marlene stopped talking and Frank and Alice both looked up from next to James. Lily was the only one who could seemingly form words. "Dan…your hair…it's not brown. It's…well, it's white." Lils said slowly to her best friend. Dany pulled part of her hair into her field of vision and sure enough, it was the silvery color that her brother's hair was, which was easily identifiable farther down the table where he was sitting with the other Sixth Years. Dany felt her stomach drop to her feet. What had happened? The spell always worked. Slowly people began to take notice and someone elbowed Rae and gestured to his sister, who met his eyes frantically. He smiled sympathetically but couldn't say much from halfway down the table. Slowly, the other tables started to stare and soon even the teachers had taken notice. James looked around casually and slung an arm around her shoulders. "Well we all know you're a real Masters now, Dan. There's been some talk, but there's no arguing with that hair, eh?" He chuckled and she smiled at him gratefully. James Potter was officially her favorite person. Some of the Gryffindors laughed too and Rae winked at her quickly as if to say, 'it'll be okay Little Sister'. Quickly people went back to their breakfasts but the conversation about Hogsmeade had been dropped. Lily smiled kindly at her. "I think you look better this way, Dan. You're a pretty girl no matter your hair color but this looks more like you." She said thoughtfully. Dany smiled back at her thankful for the comment. Alice wrinkled her nose. "I don't know why you'd want to be a boring brunette like me. It's not very much fun. Everyone and their second cousin is a brunette. You know your brother has some killer hair but I've gotta say, it looks pretty amazing that long." Alice commented as she ate her toast. Dany felt her heart warm. No one questioned why she had done it, they had all just moved on. She vaguely noticed that none of the guys had commented, despite that fact that Sirius, Remus, and Frank were all staring intently. James didn't care; they had grown up together and he had known the entire time, truth be told. "You have something to say boys?" She asked them mildly. Frank and Sirius both looked down quickly, embarrassed to get caught staring she guessed. Remus on the other hand didn't look away and pretend that nothing happened. "It really is exceptional, Dan. But you know we still love you for you, right?" He said gently. Dany started that the bluntness of the statement, but wasn't very surprised. Remus had a way of cutting down to the truth quicker than most people could imagine. He had called her reasons out almost immediately. Everyone looked up and nodded. The girls all grinned and said something along the lines of "we're sisters, remember?" James and the rest of the guys just smiled at her and like that they all went back to what they had been doing. Dany never told anyone just how much that had meant to her. She never told anyone that she went back to the dorm that night and cried because she had finally found people that cared for her purely for her. Lily Evans was in awe of her best friend. There had always been rumors, rumors that Dany Masters wasn't actually blood of the Minister; her hair was different and that never happened, not with Masters blood. Lily had seen it happen. Dany had been itching her head like it was going out of style when all of a sudden, the roots of her brown hair turned blonde, so blonde it was silver. It spread down her long hair quickly until it reached the tips, leaving her with a crown of silver hair. Dany had no idea and she had looked so embarrassed when it had happened; she had looked down the table at her brother and he had looked sympathetic to her situation but very little could be done from fifteen feet away. Marlene and Alice had gone to the bathroom and the boys wouldn't bother slowing up until thirty seconds before class actually started; so Lily and Dany were walking alone into the dungeons. Lily glanced at her companion and thought that it was striking how different she looked with her real hair color. She was a pretty girl but she looked different, otherworldly almost, with the silver hair signature to her family Lily thought to herself. Dany caught her looking and grinned. "So I guess neither of us have exactly normal hair, huh?" She said wryly. Lily laughed and tugged on her red hair. "I guess not…we're quite the pair." Lily said as they entered the dungeons. "We are indeed, Lils. We are indeed." Dany quietly replied as they pushed open the door to Slughorn's classroom. A couple of kids in the half-full class stared but they had all been at breakfast; they had all seen the charm give out. Professor Slughorn, on the other hand, had not been in the Great Hall this morning and his potions ingredients nearly fell to the floor as the two girls walked in. "Miss. Evans…Miss. Masters may I asked what happened to your hair?" He asked, flustered by this sudden change in appearance. "Just letting my hair be free, Professor. I assume that's not a problem?" Dany said lightly. Everyone knew the answer to her question; of course it wasn't a problem. Now that it was obvious that Masters blood was in her veins, Sluggy would try to "collect" her to add her to the shelf of the well known and powerful, as he had her brother, who had gone along with this (albeit begrudgingly and coaxed by their father). Unlike her brother, Rhaegar needed as many contacts as he could get, Dany had the luxury of declining his "generous" offer. Rae would probably succeed their father as Minister (as the Masters always have), and as such needed as many friends in as many places as possible; Dany would not become Minister. She would enter the Ministry, or maybe even a curse-breaker for Gringotts, but her place would be by her brother's side, or in another department of the Ministry. She would not lead their people and so she was allowed to occasionally offend people. Lily smiled into her hand as Slughorn looked even more flustered. "No, no problem. I was just…intrigued by the sudden change. I must say, with two heads of that hair floating around, my head will be spinning." He said, trying to hide his rude exclamation. Dany smiled. "Oh, I'm sure you'll be able to keep us straight. I am a tad bit shorter, in case you've never noticed." She said sweetly and gestured to herself. Lily had to hand it to her; she was very short, especially compared to her brother who, at sixteen, was already over 6 feet tall. Lily had passed her up in height earlier this year and Marlene had done so over a year ago. Alice was the only one who was still shorter than her, but Lily supposed that was only a matter of time, too. Slughorn, for his part, had the decency to look embarrassed by this entire conversation and said no more. Lily and Dany took their seats and soon Marlene and Alice joined them at their table. The boys were situated behind them; actually it was just Potter and Sirius because Frank and Peter were at another table where Remus could coach them through the class. Sirius and Potter shared the table with two Ravenclaw boys, Thomas and Josh, who were both rather good at potions, leaving the entire table plenty of time to talk. Lily found herself chatting with Dany, whose hair she found less distracting with each minute, about the Yule Ball. "I wish I could go,