When Peeta convinces a less-than-enthused Katniss to dress in costume for a Halloween party, she quickly learns just how fun dressing up can be. Modern day Everlark AU, they're 21 and living together . A fun and very smutty one shot inspired by my love of Halloween and by the song "Dressin' Up" by Katy Perry. Standard Disclaimer, I don't own the Hunger Games or its characters. "Isn't this great, Katniss?" Peeta asks her enthusiastically, his eyes sparkling with glee as he hefts a huge scoop of stringy orange pulp and seeds from the inside of the pumpkin he's hollowing out. This was all his idea, of course. We have to carve Jack O'Lanterns! he'd told her earlier today as he dragged her up and down row after row at the local pumpkin patch, searching for two that he deemed perfect. It's tradition! "I'm up to my elbows in pumpkin goop and my hands are cold. I don't think I'm enjoying this quite as much as you are." she answers, pulling apart a bunch of fibrous strands of pulp to separate the seeds for Peeta to bake later. "Are you kidding me?" he laughs as he drops another scoopful of mush onto the newspapers that cover the tabletop. "This is all part of the experience! These pumpkins are going to look fantastic at the party tomorrow night. Really make it feel festive, you know?" She groans at the reminder that they have agreed to attend his best friend Finnick's Halloween party. "Ugh, are you really going to make me dress up in a costume for this, Peeta?" she frowns. "Can't I just go as myself?" She's never quite understood the appeal of dressing up in ridiculous costumes and making a public spectacle of oneself simply for amusement. But for whatever reason, both Peeta and Finnick think Halloween is just the greatest holiday ever, and they are determined to change her mind on the subject. "No! Everyone has to come in costume! Finnick insisted." he reminds her. "It'll be fun. We'll go over to the Halloween store when we finish carving the pumpkins. I'm sure you can find something there that you'll like." He pauses, then adds, "I bet you'd make a very sexy Catwoman." "Don't count on it." "Party pooper." he says, pretending to pout. She responds by sticking her tongue out and playfully flicking a piece of pumpkin pulp at him. A few hours later, their carving mess is cleaned up and Peeta proudly places their finished pumpkins on the kitchen counter, ready to bring to the party tomorrow night. Katniss can't help but envy her boyfriend's artistic talents as she compares the two Jack O'Lanterns sitting side by side in front of them. He has transformed his pumpkin into a work of art, a carved and sculpted face of a vampire. Her pumpkin, on the other hand, despite her best efforts looks like it was carved by a child, with its two simple triangle eyes and a lopsided crescent of a mouth. Peeta notices the way her shoulders slump as she looks at hers next to his. He wraps his arm around her waist and says, "I think it looks good, babe. I like it." "You're full of shit, Peeta." she laughs, hugging him back. "But I love you for it." "You love me enough to humor me and wear a costume tomorrow night?" "Oh, I suppose." she grumbles in mock suffering, rolling her gray eyes at him. "Only because it's for you, though." "Sweet! Get in the car- I'm taking you to the Halloween Superstore right now, before you have a chance to change your mind!" He grabs the keys off the counter and rushes her out the door. As Peeta backs the car out of the driveway, she turns her head, trying to act casual as she looks out the window so he won't see how hard she's trying not to smile. Such small concessions on her part always make him so happy, and he's just so damned adorable when he's like this. Though she'd never admit it, Peeta is the one person in her life who could probably sweet talk her into doing just about anything. The bell on the door jingles as they walk into the Halloween Superstore. Peeta's nearly bursting with anticipation as he looks around the huge store filled with racks and racks of costumes and accessories. "You can't tell me that this doesn't get you at least a little bit excited to get dressed up." he says, side-eyeing her and giving her a little smirk. "I'll do it, but I wouldn't say I'm excited about it." she replies. "Oh, come on, Katniss!" he laughs, incredulous. "How can you not love this? Halloween is the one time of year that you can be anyone or anything that you want to! Come with me, I'll help you find something. I'm a master at this." He pulls her by the hand until they reach a large rack filled with women's costumes, most of them skimpy and suggestive. "Ooh la la... French Maid, Mademoiselle?" he says in a terribly executed French accent as he holds up the frilly black minidress and tiny white satin apron. "No way." she chuckles, shaking her head. "How about this one?" he suggests, showing her a risque brown and gold ruffled dress with a corseted waist, gold coins sewn along the hem, and a matching pirate hat. "It's called 'Pirate's Booty' ." "I can see why!" she scoffs. "That dress wouldn't even be long enough to cover my booty!" "Yeah? And?" "And I am NOT showing my ass to all our friends at the party. So that one is a definite NO." He puts the pirate dress back on the rack, and pulls out another. "Mmm!" he hums appreciatively. "I like this one!" It's a sexy blue babydoll with a white sailor's collar. Underneath, it comes with matching blue boyshorts, bedazzled with a sparkly silver anchor on the backside. Peeta reads out loud the tag attached to the costume. "Sexy Sailor Girl. Wear this naughty nautical dress and you'll have seamen all over you!" As soon as he says the words aloud, he realizes the double entendre and blushes scarlet, as two high school aged girls shopping in the same aisle turn around to look at him and giggle. Katniss abruptly snatches the hanger from his hand and slides it back onto the rack, sputtering through embarrassed laughter, "Real smooth, Peeta. I think I'll pass on that offer." "Yeah, good idea." he snickers, then returns to his self-appointed task of helping Katniss shop. His next choice is a teeny, pleated plaid miniskirt and cropped white button down shirt, tied in a knot at the midriff. "Slutty schoolgirl?" he asks, dangling the outfit in front of her like a tantalizing temptation. "Absolutely not." Katniss replies. "Is every single ladies' costume in here supposed to be slutty?" "God, I hope so." he murmurs, leaning sideways and sneaking a playful pinch to his girlfriend's butt to drive his point home. The next hanger he pulls off the rack to show her holds a very short red dress, and an even shorter red velvet cape. "Little Red Riding Hood?" he offers her, one eyebrow quirked up hopefully. "I'll be your big bad wolf." Then he moves in closer and whispers in her ear, "You can ride me , Little Red. I'll even let you leave on your sassy red cape if you want." "What on Earth has gotten into you, Peeta Mellark? Do you really have that much of a hard-on for Halloween?" She smiles, turning her face towards his just in time for him to capture her lips in a kiss that's just a bit too needful and lasts just a moment too long for being in the middle of a crowded store. "I do when I imagine you wearing these kind of outfits." he smirks, returning his attention to searching through the rack of costumes, dismissing each of them one by one until he suddenly stops and stares at the costume he's just found, muttering under his breath, "Oh, man..." "What?" she asks, her curiosity piqued. " Please, Katniss." he says in a low voice, thick with the hint of rasp that she usually only hears from him in the bedroom, "I'm begging you to wear this. Please? For me?" "Depends what it is." she replies skeptically. He pulls the hanger off the rack and holds the costume up for her to see. " Naughty Night Nurse." he reads from the tag. "Keep your patient's heart racing all night long in this white-hot uniform." She eyes the white cotton dress, with its cut-down-to-there neckline, embellished with a little red cross on the lapel and a red zipper that runs all the way down the front. From top to bottom, the whole dress is not much longer than the t-shirt she's currently wearing. It even comes complete with a toy stethoscope and a traditional white nurses cap. "Naughty night nurse? Seriously? This is what gets you all hot and bothered?" "Hello, Katniss, this is like every guy's fantasy! You know, the whole 'examine my body, give me a sponge bath' kind of thing?" "Sounds like the beginning of a bad porn movie." "Maybe. But I would give anything to see you walk into Finn's party wearing this." "Are you serious, Peeta?" she laughs. "I can't wear that to the party!" "Why not?" "Um, can you say indecent exposure? I'd constantly be adjusting it, pulling it up in front to keep my boobs from falling out, and pulling it down in back to keep my ass covered! There is no way in hell I am wearing that uniform out in public. No way. Sorry." "Aww, really? What if I promised to bake you those cheese buns you like so much? Would that change your mind?" "As much as I love your cheese buns, I am still not wearing that to the party. Sorry, but no." With a dejected sigh and one last look of longing, Peeta hangs the nurse's uniform back on the rack. "Listen, Peeta." Katniss says, grabbing his hand and giving it an affectionate squeeze. "I appreciate your trying to help, but why don't you go and look for your costume, and I'll figure mine out on my own, okay? I give you my word that I will get a costume for the party. How about we meet back up in half an hour?" "Okay, fine. But make it a good one!" he winks at her. "Well, don't get your hopes up too high, but I'll see what I can do." At their appointed meeting time, Peeta returns to the ladies' section to look for Katniss. He finally finds her sitting on a bench at the front of the store. To his surprise, she's already checked out and is holding the bag in her lap, tightly closed so he can't see its contents. "Looks like someone had a field day in here." she remarks as Peeta walks toward her, carrying a shopping basket full of merchandise. "You're already done?" he asks. "What did you end up getting?" "It's a surprise. You'll have to wait until tomorrow to find out." "Oh, so that's how it's gonna be, hmm?" he retorts sarcastically, deciding to play along with her game. He turns to hold his basket off to one side, covering the top of it with his arm, trying to shield it from her view. "Well, then I'm going to keep mine a secret until tomorrow too. You just stay right here while I go pay for this stuff. I don't want you peeking over my shoulder or anything." "Ha!" she snorts in feigned indifference, holding back her smile until his back is turned to her. Maybe this Halloween costume nonsense will turn out to be fun after all , she reluctantly admits to herself. The following afternoon, when it comes time to get ready