All I Need Standard disclaimer, don't own The Hunger Games or its characters. My anxiety begins with a few simple sentences out of Peeta's mouth one lazy Monday morning when we are lying in bed spooned together, having just finished a glorious session of slow, sweet wake-up sex. He has his arm wrapped around my waist, holding me close with my back snuggled to his chest while our breathing slows. His hand that had been drifting languidly up and down over the front of my body slows to a stop and comes to rest, open palmed over my lower abdomen. Then, in a tender voice just above a whisper, Peeta says into my ear, "You'd look so beautiful pregnant, Katniss." I freeze, my breath catching in my throat. I've known for quite some time that Peeta wanted us to have a baby, he just hasn't come right out and asked for it until today. He's been dropping not-so-subtle hints for a while now, squeezing my hand in his whenever we walk past someone in town pushing their newborn in a stroller, cooing over the pudgy babies that come into the bakery on the hips of their mothers, gushing over the pictures we get every so often of Annie's son, who is looking more like Finnick every day. I slowly turn over and will myself to look at him. The hope that I see reflected in his eyes breaks my heart. I want to want this as much as he does, but I'm having a hard time getting past my fear. "I know you'd be a great mother." he reassures me, stroking my hair. "I want to have a baby with you more than anything... to have a family of our own. Our house is too big and quiet for just the two of us. And we aren't getting any younger..." he trails off. It's true. Peeta would have been all in favor of starting a family years ago, if I'd been on the same page, but he knew I wasn't. So he's been waiting patiently all this time, but now we're in our thirties, and I know I can't keep him waiting forever. I open my mouth to speak, but no sound comes out. I don't even know where to begin having this conversation. Peeta gently presses his finger to my lips, then leans in and kisses me. "You don't have to answer right now. I just want you to think about it okay? Just think about it." I nod in agreement, then bury my face into his neck, letting him hold me in silence. True to his word, Peeta doesn't bring up the baby idea again for weeks, but it continues to weigh heavily on my mind. The next time we make love, I can't reach orgasm, because in my head, all I can think about is the anxiety I feel at the mere thought of pregnancy. What if we start trying, and I get pregnant right away? What if I can't get pregnant at all? What if I have the baby and I'm a terrible mother? Peeta ends up spending half the night trying to get me to finish, but no matter what he does with his body or his mouth or his fingers, I just can't. "I'm sorry Peeta, I think I'm probably just too tired tonight." I apologize. "I'll make it up to you next time." he promises, pulling me closer and wrapping me in his embrace until we drift off to sleep. Only the next time, a few days later, goes the same way. And so does the next time, and the time after that. After the fifth time that month that we have sex and I still can't finish, I'm so frustrated with myself that I want to cry. Peeta knows me well enough that without me saying a word, he puts two and two together and figures out what the problem is. "This is about the baby thing, isn't it?" he asks me softly. I nod, finally admitting it both to him and to myself as I fight the tears that well up in my eyes and threaten to spill. "Oh, Katniss..." he sighs, pulling me into his arms. "Listen, honey, if you're not ready, it's okay." he soothes me. "I only wanted you to think about it, not lose sleep over it. If you feel that strongly that you don't want to do this-" "I'm not saying no, Peeta." I interrupt him. "I know you'll be an amazing dad, and you deserve that opportunity. I'm just... a little scared. I just need a bit more time to get used to the idea, okay?" "Of course it's okay." he says, smiling at me and lacing his fingers into mine. "I can wait as long as you need. Right now, all I want is for you to relax and not stress about it. Sex isn't as much fun if I'm the only one enjoying it. In fact, I have a surprise for you, that I thought might help with that..." "A surprise? What kind of surprise?" "Well, Valentine's Day is coming up, and I thought that it might be fun for us to take a vacation... a little romantic getaway. I rented us a cottage at the beach for five days. It'll be just you, me...candlelight dinners by the sea, warm sunny days on the sand, you wearing that cute bikini I like so much... mmmm!" he growls playfully, lifting my hand and kissing my knuckles. "We leave in three weeks." "I think that sounds like just what I need." I beam at him. "You're the best, Peeta. The best husband ever." In the three weeks leading up to our vacation, I continue to think about Peeta's wish for a baby. I even begin having dreams about it at night, but instead of being nightmares, they are pleasant dreams, filled with images of a happy family... sometimes glimpses of us lying on our bed with a tiny, dark haired baby girl swaddled in a pink blanket between us, another time a vision of a toddler boy with unruly blonde curls sticking out from under his baseball cap, squealing with delight as Peeta lifts him high up onto his shoulders. With each time I wake up from these dreams and see Peeta's sleepy eyes looking back at me, I begin to see him in a different light; not only as Husband Peeta, but as Daddy Peeta, and I like the way that looks on him. A few days before we leave for our trip, I'm supposed to start my new pack of birth control pills, but I don't. I put them away in the bathroom drawer and look at myself in the mirror, deciding that I will tell Peeta when we get to the beach that I'm ready to try. The day of our trip arrives and Peeta still hasn't told me exactly where we are going, only telling me "south" or "the beach" whenever I ask. We spend all day on the train, and when we finally arrive, we are on the coast of the southern-most district of Panem. We step off the train, and unlike the cold, dry winter air that we left behind in District 12, the air here is balmy and comfortably hot... just hot enough that you'd want to swim, but not too hot to enjoy being outdoors. By the time we take the taxi from the train station to the rental office to pick up the keys to our cottage, it's late afternoon, and we're starving. We change into clean clothes more fitting of the warm weather here; me in a cool, flowy cotton sundress and Peeta in khaki pants and a tee shirt, and we head down to a seaside cafe for an early dinner. We eat slowly, sharing a bottle of chilled wine and savoring the relaxed atmosphere. After dinner, we return to the cottage, pack a few things in a bag and set out for a walk on the beach. We sit on a blanket in the sand for a while, just soaking up the sun and feeling the ocean breeze in our hair. Peeta takes out a pen and his pad of drawing paper from the bag and sketches some of the scenes around us- a sandcastle that some child has left behind after their day at the shore; a little boy flying a kite. When the sun starts casting long shadows across the sand, we decide to pack up our bag, throwing our sandals in there too, and take a stroll further down the shoreline. We walk hand in hand down the beach as the sun sinks lower in the sky, the hem of my sundress ruffling in the breeze. Peeta's got the pant legs of his khakis rolled up almost to his knees as we both stroll barefoot in the sand, ocean water occasionally lapping at our toes when the waves break. The new prosthesis he has on his lower leg is so lifelike and realistic looking, that if not for the way that his feet leave slightly different footprints in the sand from one being less flexible than the other, you'd probably never notice that one was flesh and blood and the other metal and vinyl. We both face towards the sun, letting it warm our cheeks while we watch its light glitter and dance on the surface of the water below. Peeta's eyes take on that dreamy, faraway look, his artists' gaze where I can tell that somewhere deep inside his mind, he is studying and memorizing all the tones and shades he sees in the sunset before him. I can almost see his mind working, picturing his palette of paints back home and contemplating which ones he would use to recreate the subtle gradation of color from the fiery persimmon at the horizon, to the softer saturations of coral and melon, then up to where the evening sky transitions into pale pink and then soft lavender and then finally fades into cool, cornflower blue. Sometimes I envy the way Peeta sees beauty in everything around him. He pauses for a moment, bends down and picks up a small conch shell that has washed up in the surf. He rinses it off in the shallow water at our feet and turns it over in his hand. "I've read about these... seen pictures of them in art books." he tells me. "It's a conch shell. They say that if you put it to your ear and listen, you can hear the sound of the ocean." he says, grinning as he holds it out to me. "That's because we're AT the ocean." I reply in my usual matter-of-fact fashion. "Just try it." he encourages me, placing the shell in my hand. I hold the opening of the conch up to my ear. The only ocean sounds I hear are the ones all around us, not coming from inside the shell. "I think people probably just hear whatever they want to hear." I tell him, laughing lightly and shrugging my shoulders as I lower my hand and offer the shell back to him. Peeta takes it from me and holds it to his own ear for a moment before bringing it back into the space between us. Caressing his fingers over the spines on the shell, Peeta says, "I wonder if Annie ever picks up these shells and listens to them, hoping that maybe, just once, she'd get to hear the sound of Finnick's voice again." And just like that, Peeta's managed to take my breath away. "That's beautiful, Peeta." I whisper, as I gingerly take back the conch shell and look at it in an entirely new way. I imagine poor Annie, standing alone at the seashore and listening to every shell she finds, wishing for nothing more than to hear her husband's voice one last time. I think of myself being in