Standard Disclaimer, I don't own the Hunger Games or its characters. All credit to Suzanne Collins. Written for Prompts in Panem, day 6- Luxury Treasured There is nothing that can possibly ruin this day for me... or so I think. I've spent all day alone with Peeta in the gardens on the rooftop. No one bothered us, no one came to summon us for dinner. We've just finished watching the sunset together. Just for this one perfect day, it feels as if we are the only two people here, and that suits me just fine. We stay on the roof until bedtime and then quietly slip down to my room without encountering anyone. I look forward to one final luxury to end this day, that soon we will turn down the bed, and it will be Peeta's warm arms and comforting presence that allows me to sink into sleep. He closes and locks the door behind us, and I turn on the lamp just inside the entry way. It is only then that we both notice the pile of beautifully wrapped boxes in the sitting area. "What's all this?" I ask. Peeta shrugs his shoulders and walks over to the pile. "There's a note here." he says. He picks it up, and reads it aloud. "These gifts arrived for you today from some of the Capitol citizens. Make sure you write thank you notes. Effie." I roll my eyes. We are down to what are probably our last few days of life, and Effie is worried about us looking ungrateful for receiving gifts from the very people who are sending us to our death. "Why would they send us gifts anyway?" I ask Peeta. "I mean, they've got to know that we won't be alive much longer." "I don't know. Maybe they want us to know that we'll have sponsors in the arena?" he suggests. The whole thing makes no sense to me. But then, nothing the Capitol does makes sense to me. "Well, I don't want their stupid gifts. They can keep them." I snap angrily. "You're not even the least bit curious?" he questions. "Come on, let's unwrap them. Let's see what the Capitol felt that we needed to have. Maybe it'll be fun. Besides, Effie will say it's rude if we just leave them unopened." I sigh in resignation, and sulk my way over to the pile of gifts. Just looking at them infuriates me. The way I see it, every single package screams blatant wastefulness. Each one is wrapped in either shiny, embossed foils or in thick, glossy paper patterned with elegant florals or paisleys, then tied with festive bows of satin, taffeta or lace ribbon. Just the wrappings alone probably cost more money than most district twelve families ever have at their disposal to feed their children with, and that's just the decoration on the gifts, the part that gets thrown away. I want nothing to do with them, and I'd like nothing more than to snub all the capitolites by not even bothering to open these boxes, but I know Peeta is right. If we don't, Effie will never let us hear the end of it, and the last thing I need is to be subjected to another of her lectures on my lack of manners. We both sit down on the floor and begin picking up the boxes and reading the tags. Part of me wants to hate every second of this, to stay angry and bitter, but as I sit next to Peeta while he reads each tag, listening more to the soothing sound of his voice than to the actual words he's speaking, I find my irritation dissipating a little bit at a time, slipping back into the relaxed mood that I'd been in when we'd come down from the rooftop a few minutes ago. It's been such a perfect day with him, that I decide I'm not going to let a bunch of stupid capitol gifts ruin it. With Peeta's calming effect, it doesn't take long before my sour mood melts away, and it becomes kind of a game, handing gifts to each other one at a time and opening them, snickering as we reveal to each other the lavish, expensive luxury items we've been given. Some of them are for both of us, probably intended to be wedding gifts for a wedding that now will never take place. Crystal wine glasses, a set of fine porcelain teacups and matching little dessert saucers, silk pillowcases embroidered with our names. We get matching bathrobes made of sleek, sumptuous satin. His is a deep navy blue, mine a pristine bridal white, of course. As if playing dress up, I pull my robe on over my clothes and sit back down on the floor. I get ridiculous amounts of jewelry, none of which I would actually ever wear. I unwrap each piece, then hand it to Peeta, who has a much greater appreciation for their beauty than I do. First there's a necklace of emeralds in my favorite shade of green, then a ring with a huge sapphire surrounded by diamonds. Another box reveals a strand of creamy, lustrous pearls, long enough to wrap around my neck several times over. I receive a silver headband encrusted with crystals, fit for a blushing bride, and a brooch pin made of carved black onyx in the shape of a bird, that reminds me of a mockingjay. I open the next box to find a bracelet of rubies as rich and red as pomegranate seeds. I only spend a moment or two looking at each piece, but Peeta spends much more time admiring the jewels as he holds each one in his hands, turning it this way and that, captivated by the way the facets of each stone catch and reflect the light. "See?" I tease him as he studies the ruby bracelet, admiring the flashes of cranberry and merlot and fuschia that sparkle from within each stone. "This is why I said you'd be a goner once the capitol got their hands on you. Your eye for beauty is your weakness." He smiles back at me and replies, "Admiring beauty is not a weakness. I'm not impressed by these jewels because of how much money they're worth. I just like their colors." "Of course you do." I answer with a grin, as I hand him a larger box wrapped in silver paper. "Here, this one's for you. Maybe it'll be a whole pile of jewels for you to look at." "Here's hoping." he says, giving me a smartass smirk. While Peeta tears into his gift, I reach for the last box on the floor, a small one wrapped in pink foil with my name on it. I pull off the wrapping and open the hinged box to find a pair of earrings, with huge teardrops of pale blue aquamarine that look like droplets of ice dangling from platinum hooks. Gaudy, I think to myself, and turn to show them to Peeta, but he isn't paying any attention to me. He's completely engrossed in whatever's inside that box he's just opened. "Well?" I inquire teasingly, "Is it your pile of jewels you were hoping for?" "Better." he beams, turning the box to show me its contents. It's a huge set of paints- rows and rows of little pots filled with the finest paints money can buy, in every single color you could ever imagine, and a dozen different size and shape paintbrushes to go with it. Underneath that is a thick pad of sturdy paper to paint on. "Ah, finally, something that's actually useful!" I nod, pleased that he's gotten a gift that's worth far more to him than any other trinket or treasure. "What's yours?" he asks, glancing at the box in my palm. "Oh, earrings." I say, rolling my eyes at the absurdity of their size and opulence, as I hold them out for him to see. "Don't they look exactly like something I'd wear?" He chuckles for a second, and then his expression becomes more thoughtful. "Put them on." I lift them out of the box and slide the hooks through each ear. They feel heavy on my earlobes, more of a burden to wear than a privilege, if you ask me. I turn my head slowly from side to side for Peeta to see them. "Well? What do you think?" I ask sarcastically. "I think I'd like to paint a picture of you." he suggests. "Oh, like this?" I quip, batting my eyelashes and putting one hand on my satin-robed hip, striking an exaggerated pose that mimics the models we see on the game shows on Capitol TV. "No, not quite." he laughs. "I want to paint you wearing all of your jewels," fanning his hand over the piles of brilliant, priceless jewelry that lay between us on the floor. "Okay." I shrug, deciding that if Peeta wants to use his new paints that badly, I'll allow it. I reach down to pick up the strand of pearls that are pooled in front of my knees. Just as I lift the strand in front of me to pull it over my head, he stops me by softly grasping one of my wrists with his fingers. "Wearing only the jewels." he clarifies. " Oh..." I mouth silently, nervously dropping the pearls into my lap. "I won't show anything, you know, private . It'll be tasteful. Is that okay?" "I- I guess." I stammer. I just sit there, not really knowing what I should do next. "Are you sure?" I nod at him. I trust Peeta, and it's not like we haven't seen each other in various states of undress before. Of course, he was never studying my body and painting my portrait, either. "Okay. Go in the bathroom and take off everything except your robe. I'll set up a place to work." I do as he asks, removing every last piece of clothing, and then putting the white satin robe back on and tying the sash in a bow at my waist. With nothing underneath it, the satin feels smooth and weightless on my skin. I shiver, and I'm not entirely sure if it's from the sensation of the luxurious fabric, cool and light as air as it brushes against my naked breasts, or if it's my nerves for what I'm about to do. Maybe it's a little of both. When I step out from the bathroom, I can't help but let out a giggle of relief and amusement when I see that Peeta is now dressed the same as me, wearing only his bathrobe. He stops arranging his paints on the bedside table and turns to face me. "I thought it was only fair..." he explains, gesturing to his change into much less clothing. "It looks good on you." I blurt out, and that is a huge understatement. The dark blue satin brings out the color of his eyes, and looks quite striking on him. The thin fabric drapes nicely over his broad shoulders, and forms a deep, narrow V down his torso, giving me a peek of his chest- muscular, with a smattering of soft-looking blonde hairs, smooth pale skin- which my eyes follow all the way down to where the V ends at his waist, with the belt tied in a knot. "You too." he adds, jarring me from my shameless gawking at his body. "Are you ready?" "Mmm-hmm." I nod. "Okay, come on over here and lie on the bed on your stomach." I step past him to the side of the bed and lie down on top of the fluffy down comforter. I sink into it, grateful that he has chosen a pose for me that allows me to maintain most of my modesty. "Now untie your robe for me." Peeta instructs, standing next to me at the bedside. I reach down under my belly and pull the