Knock, knock, knock. Katniss was in no mood for company. She just lay there apathetically on her couch, staring into the fire that burned in her fireplace, ignoring the knocks at her door. Knock, knock, knock. She could faintly hear Haymitch's voice outside. "I know you're in there Katniss. Open up." Four more knocks and she still didn't move from the couch. She figured maybe if she ignored him long enough, he'd go away. Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock- With a few choice words mumbled under her breath, she finally jumped off the couch, stormed over to her door and flung it open, growling, "What do you want, Haym-" She nearly fainted when she saw that he wasn't alone. "See? Told you she was home." Haymitch smirked, patting Gale on the back. She hadn't seen Gale in what seemed like ages, since she'd told him goodbye after Prim died. She hadn't really wanted to see him. But now here he was, standing on her front step. She felt like she was looking at a ghost from her past. Turning his attention to Katniss, Haymitch said, "Look who I found pacing a new path in the dirt in front of your house. Looked like he was a little nervous to walk up and knock. Guess he had good reason." "What are you doing here Gale?" she asked, still recovering from the shock of seeing him. "I'm here for a visit. I was hoping that maybe we could talk." She just stood there, stone faced for a moment. "Well," Haymitch said, breaking the awkward silence and clapping Gale on the shoulder, "I'm sure you two have a lot to catch up on, so I'll see you later." He turned down her walkway and cut across his front yard to his own door, leaving Gale standing there alone on Katniss' front step. "Soooo… may I come in?" he asked. "Yeah," she finally relented. "Come in." She made an effort to let her icy tone thaw a little bit, reminding herself that Gale had been her very best friend once, and he had come all this way to see her so she should probably show him at least a little bit of hospitality. Other than Haymitch and Sae, he was the first real company she'd had. "You… look good." she said, as he stepped through the door into her living room. It was true, he did look good. He was wearing jeans and a button down shirt, the sleeves rolled up casually to his elbows. He had a military style knapsack slung loosely over one shoulder. He looked healthy and fit. Maybe even a little more muscular than when she'd seen him last. "Thanks. You too." She knew that probably wasn't true. She hadn't been taking very good care of herself since she'd been back and she knew she probably looked somewhat disheveled but she mumbled her thanks anyway. He set down his knapsack and stood by the hearth awkwardly for a minute, warming his hands by the fire and looking at the pictures she had sitting up on the mantle. She invited him to sit down on the couch. They made polite small talk. They talked about Haymitch and Sae, and how she'd run into Thom, and Gale's new job out in 2. The conversation was civil, but it felt forced, cold. Something about it just felt so... wrong . Talking with Gale used to feel as natural as breathing. But so much had happened since then. Things had changed. Bridges had been burned. Bodies had been burned. They weren't the boy and the girl in the meadow anymore. She doubted they ever would be. It was only a matter of time until Gale had had enough of dancing around the elephant in the room. "We need to talk Katniss." "We are talking." "No, really talk. About us. About… her ." Katniss felt her back stiffen up defensively. She felt her anger towards Gale that she'd been trying to repress all this time, slowly simmering back to the surface. "Are you going to blame me forever?" he asked. She didn't answer. "We used to be friends." he continued. " Best friends. Can you really say that you're okay with pretending that we never were? Because I'm not." "I don't know Gale. Okay? I don't know." "Well, I can't stand the distance between us-" "You're the one that ran off to 2!" "I'm not talking about the physical distance, Katniss! I could handle it, if that was all that stood between us. I'm talking about how you've just cut me out of your life. Like you and I never existed. Well, I'm sorry, but I can't do it anymore." "I don't know what you want from me Gale." "I can't go on like this." he said, standing up and slowly beginning to pace the floor, the way he always did when his thoughts were moving faster than he could put the words together. Gale was a man of action, not a man of eloquence like Peeta. He needed to be in constant motion when he had adrenaline and desperation running through his veins. She recognized the signs immediately. Here comes the storm. Her eyes followed him as he moved across the floor. For a moment she was suddenly back in their woods, watching Gale as he stalked back and forth in their meadow, his emotions escalating like dark ominous thunderclouds as he'd ranted about their poverty and rebellion and burning the government to the ground. She'd seen it so many times back then. "I just… can't … go on like this, Katniss." he repeated, startling her back into the present, where Gale was here and in her living room and everything about it felt familiar yet none of it felt right. She already knew the answer, but she asked anyway. "Like what?" "Like everything we did, everything we went through meant nothing at all!" he said. "Like we're strangers now. Like I don't matter to you and you don't matter to me and we can just pretend that none of it matters, but it does, Katniss! You goddamn know it does!" "I never said you don't matter to me." "You didn't have to. Every day that's gone by that you don't call, that you don't write, that there's no word that you've asked anyone how I've been… well that says it for you, doesn't it?" "I don't want to talk about this right now Gale." she snapped, getting up from the couch and striding past him into the kitchen, hoping to God that she still had a bottle of liquor that she'd taken from Haymitch, because she sure as hell needed a drink right now. "No, of course you don't." Gale continued, following right behind her. "You never want to talk about us." She opened one cabinet, then another, then slammed them both shut, finding no liquor. Her irritation mounting, she pulled open a third, but found no bottle there either. "Goddamn it!" she muttered in frustration, slamming the cupboard shut. "Katniss." he said, lowering his voice and moving closer to her. "What do you want me to say, Gale?" she asked. "Hmm? What did you come here for?" He looked off in the distance for a moment, running one hand through his hair and taking a deep breath, then turned back to her. "Katniss," he said again, even softer this time. "I can't keep just pretending that I'm fine. I can't do it anymore. I'm not me without you. I need..." he paused, contemplating his next words. "I need some degree of… absolution." "Absolution." she repeated, shaking her head in disbelief of his audacity. "Please," he pleaded. "I can't go on another day feeling like I'm always going to be guilty in your eyes. I need to know that we can get past what happened-" "Get past ' what happened '?" she growled at him. " What happened was that Prim died because of one of your bombs, Gale!" "I had nothing to do with that, and you know it!" "Do I? Because it was your design, wasn't it?" she demanded, stepping closer and poking him in the chest with her index finger. "Katniss-" "All you cared about was winning the war! You never gave a second thought to the collateral damage you caused- all those innocent people dying! But that was just the cost of war to you, wasn't it? And if Prim happened to be part of that collateral damage-" "Dammit, Katniss, you have to know that I never would have wanted that to happen! Your family was my family too, remember? Or did you forget that?" "I'm not the one who forgot anything, Gale!" she hissed, standing toe to toe with him, anger blazing in her eyes."I remember everything , and believe me, I wish I didn't." "Well so do I, Katniss! I remember what it was like to have you fighting at my side, to know you had my back. To know that if there was one person in that rebellion who I trusted with my life, it was you. That is, until you just wrote me off and said goodbye and that was that. So I remember everything too. And you better believe that I live with regret every day of my life." "What do you know about regret?" she spat at him, her words like venom. "You're the big war hero now. You're important, just like you always wanted to be. And what do I have?" she demanded of him, her voice breaking in a sob. "What do I have? I have nothing!" She lunged forward towards him. She balled up both her hands into tight fists and began hitting him in the chest. "I have nothing , Gale!" she sobbed. "Not even my sister!" She hit him a few more times, but she might as well have been hitting a tree trunk. He didn't even flinch with the blows of her small fists. She hadn't felt anything at all in so long and now she suddenly felt everything flooding back all at once- so much rage and pent up hurt and despair. It was overwhelming and she was suffocating in her own pain. If she was going to self combust like this, then she wanted Gale to push back, to feed her fire, to fight with her. She wanted for them both to just erupt in flames and burn into ash together, but instead of getting angry, he just wrapped his arms around her, containing her fire until it burned itself out. "Stop, Katniss, stop… Shhh..." he quieted her, holding her tight. "I'm so, so sorry. You have to know how sorry I am." Her hands, which a moment ago had been pounding on his chest, now tightly clutched fistfuls of his shirt instead, as her sobs ebbed to shaky breaths. He gently stroked her hair with one hand, the way she'd seen him calm frightened animals to keep them from fleeing. She stopped fighting him and began to surrender to his embrace. Resting his face next to her ear, he softly asked, "Do you honestly think that I have anything without you, Katniss? Because I don't." She couldn't quite look at him, not yet. But she slowly unclenched her hands, letting go of his shirt and instead just resting her palms flat against his chest. She was surprised by just how comforting it was to be close to Gale again, after she had spent so much time and energy blaming him and pushing him away. Eventually she felt his fingers cradle her chin, tilting it upward to look at him. "Please forgive me." he murmured softly, his grey eyes pleading. "If I could bring her back, I would. In a heartbeat. I loved her too. But I can't go back to the way we've been. Please." She couldn't quite bring herself to say the words just yet, but instead