A/N: Feel free to PM/review with any questions, concerns, discrepancies or opinions. In fact, I would love to hear some criticism. Especially constructive criticism because, you know, that's the most helpful kind. A/N 2: I'm not ignorant to the fact Harry Potter takes place in Britain, so if any of you wonderful Brits see something and think ' that's so American it's revolting ' shoot me a message or review or something. A/N 3: Not J.K. Rowling or Warner Bros. Don't own anything you recognise. Quite poor, honestly. Pertinent Prophecy Presentiments Chapter 1: Fire Squad Samhain was a glorious day to be a Dark Lord, Lord Voldemort thought to himself as he appeared out of thin air at the end of a lane before a large house. The magic of Death present in the atmosphere enamoured him to the task at hand, though three murders were trivial in comparison to other things he'd done in years past on this date including creating his first Horcrux. This family had been a thorn in his side up until two years ago but since their son had been born had gone into hiding thanks to that ridiculous prophecy. If it hadn't been for the Snape boy bursting in on an Inner Circle meeting proclaiming that there was information of his downfall he would have dismissed it. Unfortunately, he thought Dumbledore had learned of his Horcruxes and had aggressively interrogated him right in front of his followers, so here he was proving that no one could cause his death. Especially two measly infants. Dumbledore had, intentionally, let it slip that the boy he was currently targeting was to be the more powerful of the two but he knew different. Even if Wormtail hadn't been a spy within the Order of the Phoenix one only had to compare the parents to know it had been a futile illusion. He was grudgingly worried about what the other boy could be in the future and truthfully did not want to put himself in a compromising situation which was why he had ordered five of his most loyal and powerful followers to attack the family this night as well, and hopefully, he would be washed of this situation. As he approached the house he could see the family comfortably enjoying themselves in the living room through a large bay window listening to the wireless he assumed as they were dancing together, mother, father and son, probably listening to the broadcast there always was from the Ministry Ball. They were so carefree and he could not help but wonder how two families could make the same exact mistake with the Fidelius Charm in forming a ruse and trusting the wrong person with the secret of their location. Ah, Wormtail was actually proving quite useful these days. He would have had immense more difficulty if the Potters and Longbottoms had made Sirius Black and Kingsley Shacklebolt their Secret-Keepers, respectively. But they had both, unknowingly to the other, chosen Wormtail ! HA! The best part was no one who wasn't involved knew either had engaged in the deception. Maybe he should eliminate the phonies when he was done here, tie up loose ends and all that to keep Wormtail's cover regardless of how pathetic he was. It was Samhain after all, a little more death wouldn't be amiss. With that thought, he unleashed a powerful blasting curse at the front door completely disintegrating it with a BANG! The father turned and briefly made eye contact with him before yelling, "Go! Take our son and escape! I'll hold him off!" Fools his enemies were, had to be to think there was hope, "Good Evening, Mr. Longbottom..." PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP There was no way to describe how Sirius Black felt right now, sad, happy, angry, relaxed, lost, inspired and most of all, anxious. Honestly, he had no idea how he felt right now, just he had somewhere to be and hopefully by the time he got there he'd have sorted himself out. That was one of the good things travelling by flying motorcycle, other than being undisputedly awesome, it gave him time to sort through his thoughts like James always said he could on a broom. The death of the Longbottoms, who had been two years above him at school and Aurors as well as involved in the Order, was just the latest they'd had to deal with among their friends but every one lost was a burden without fail, and with Voldemort finally dead hopefully it would be the last. He didn't know what to think about the death of Britain's most feared Dark Lord in centuries at the hands of a fifteen month old kid. Though there had always been rumours that the Longbottoms were descended from the Gryffindors themselves and Alice was descended from a family of spellcrafters, with them being in hiding for over a year and a half now it wasn't unreasonable to think they had dug up some previously unknown old spell or ritual in a family book. Then there was Shacklebolt! Never had he thought there was a chance he would betray the secret of his friends hiding place, even two days ago when they had talked in the Auror Office he had seemed perfectly calm and collected. Finally, Peter was missing from his apartment which was making him anxious, but he hoped that news of the Dark Lord's defeat had reached him first and he had simply gone off to his mother's to let her know. It wouldn't be the first time Wormtail put spending time with his mum over friends. Regardless he was off to James and Lily's house to let them know the news of their recently deceased friends and national Dark Lord, maybe he would be able to figure things out from there on how to proceed for the next foreseeable future. He knew Albus Dumbledore was off dealing with the elder and youngest Longbottoms, and there had been a call from the Ministry for all Aurors and Hit-Wizards to be on hand in case there was a chance to apprehend any Death Eaters in the fallout from the night's developments. While he was all for catching the bastards, it was a Saturday night and he wanted to spend time with his closest friends, considered them family really considering how he detested his immediate blood relatives. The only exception being Andromeda, a wonderful albeit stubborn woman and middle sibling of his cousins. The woman had disavowed the family in order to marry a muggleborn wizard, although unlike himself she had been disowned permanently by Orion Black, Sirius' father. Sirius himself had simply been relieved of his ' duties ' of being heir to The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black, though now that he thought about it, he was not very certain where he sat; with the remaining males in the family, his father and younger brother, Regulus, having died in the course of the Blood War. Hopefully he'd be able to keep his distance. Hit-Wizarding business be damned, he wanted to spend time with his brother in all but blood, the woman who had quickly become a sister to him and their precious son who was his godson. At the outskirts of Godric's Hollow he maneuvered the large motorcycle onto a road to drive through the village like a muggle. Once Lily had taught him the rules of the road it had made plenty of sense to turn off the enchantments on the bike once he landed so there weren't any muggles seeing a motorbike seemingly appear out of thin air once he arrived at his destination and turned it off. The mix of muggle repelling, extrasensory, invisibility, heightened comfortability, stability and most importantly flying enchantments were quite a brilliant work of magic, it could get him a Mastery in the subject of Charms if it wasn't totally utterly illegal, not to mention that there wasn't much desire to put in all the extra studying for required testing, that's what school was for! Maybe once the war was cleaned up he'd get around to doing it, without a doubt his deceased fiancée Marlene would have wanted him to. Even if she was gone now he was still using his old excuses to explain his behaviour to her memory. Further, it would take his mind off the pain and depression that his life had been immersed in for three months now. Yeah that seemed like a good idea he thought, as he turned the last corner before the Potter's cottage, he could even get Lily's notes from when she got her Mastery. Suddenly he heard spellfire mixed with an explosion. Shite, shite, shite was the only thing going through Sirius' mind and he spurned the bike on at full speed, as he saw indeed that there was a fight going on throughout his friend's property. He didn't even stop to get off the motorbike: when he tried to apparate off and directly into the yard but was unsuccessful due to wards he slowed as little as needed and jumped off into a well executed roll that had been standard taught in Hit-Wizard Academy, although for a broom instead of muggle machine. At a full sprint he ran to the gate in front of the cottage, noticed it was destroyed as he went through it and immediately tried to assess the situation. There was a body on the ground on the left side of the path to the front door, it was large and bulky though so was neither James nor Lily thankfully, a wide gash across the chest and was surrounded by blood. It seemed that as a direct frontal assault hadn't worked the attackers had gone around back or spread out because the spellfire was coming from that direction and the side to his left. As he approached the body maneuvering around transfigurations and debris to see who it was he noticed the typical silver Death Eater mask and cursed the damned Dark Lord Voldemort, but upon removing it his blood ran cold. It was Rabastan Lestrange which meant his horrid and ruthless cousin Bellatrix Lestrange, who was the most feared witch in Britain, Rabastan's sister-in-law and Andromeda's older sister, was most likely one of the attackers. Instantly, he decided to outflank the attackers and proceeded as stealthily as possible. Upon reaching the side of the cottage he found someone guarding against exactly what he planned to do, immediately engaging him in a furious and intense duel. The style was recognisable though, clearly adopted from that of an Auror, thus making it predictable and Sirius knew he would be able to find an opening soon. At once several things happened; his opponent attempted to cast a powerful and long winded curse and took a split second too long, Sirius saw him get ready and quickly sent a nonverbal expulso at his opponent's chest which audibly cracked a number of ribs and sent a spray of blood out from their chest, a mocking gleeful cackle sounded from the back of the cottage in triumph and a feminine shriek of horror rang through the night. Sirius knew what that probably meant, James had been hit, which only served to make him angrier and he rushed to the back of the cottage to exact revenge from his cousin and whoever else he found. He was livid and would get them all even if it meant forfeiting his own life. The sight that greeted him was a completely demolished backyard, his cousin and a compatriot who apparently heard him coming from the recent duel. "Hello little Cousin Sirius! Didn't want your blood traitor friend and his mudblood to be alone in death? So glad to help!" Bellatrix taunted him with her baby voice. Her fellow attacker chortled at that. Her momentary distraction gave an opening though, and the viciousness