It was Summer, and the gods were bickering about something stupid, as usual. This time it was about the fall of Thalia – she had fought the Cyclops, saved her friends, and just turned into a tree. Zeus had saved her, but not everybody was happy with it. "Hades!" Screamed the Lord of the Sky at his brother. "You are going to pay for killing my daughter!" "She isn't dead." He just said, shrugging his shoulders. "And you're one to talk. You know what you did to my family!" While Zeus paled, the other gods just watched in silence as they yet again stood waiting for a war, awaiting to happen any moment now. Sure, the Big Three were always fighting one way or another, and killing each other's children always seemed to make them even more mad at each other. Poseidon stood quietly by, knowing that if they knew he'd broken the oath as well, they'd murder his son, maybe even making sure Perseus wouldn't make it into a tree. Suddenly a bright light alighted the Throne Room, and all the voices quieted down. Two white pegasi appeared, carrying a big white letter towards the Lord of the Sky. Flabbergasted he took it, staring at Hermes for an explanation. Hermes shrugged, apparently also unaware of what was happening. As soon as Zeus had grabbed the letter the two pegasi disappeared, again with the bright light. "What is the meaning of this?" He exclaimed, but nobody knew the answer. Even Apollo, god of the Sun, didn't know where the light came from, even though it was his expertise. When no one answered, Zeus sighed, and read the letter: " Dear Gods. It is, for you, a few years before the Great Prophecy comes to pass. To save many millions of people, many children of the gods, and maybe one or two of your own, we are going to send you a box of books for you to read. They are about the greatest heroes of all time, and naming my friend, Perseus Jackson and his friends. They come to read with you as well, though they are from the future. (And your kids from your time period will read with you as well.) This is with permission from the Lord of The Sky, After the votes of the whole Olympian family, With a loving salute, Hermes and Apollo." "WHAT?!" Yelled Zeus at the two gods, and they backed a little in their thrones. "Father," Apollo began, "this is from future us. Future you apparently approved this. I guess we have to do this." He huffed. In the distance, thunder boomed. "This makes no sense. Books? What books? And who is Perseus Jackson? Perseus was one of mine, I remember, but he's dead. And his last name isn't Jackson." Poseidon stayed quiet. He knew his brother wasn't going to like this. Athena saw his unusual quiet behavior, and raised a brow. "Father, the letter just said that our kids from now and the future are going to bring the box with the books. I guess they will explain it to us, won't they?" Right on time, the third bright light from that day brightened the Throne Room. The loud yelling of the people who fell hard onto the marble floor almost covered Zeus's swearing. Almost. Just when the kids almost materialized on the floor, a second letter appeared in Zeus's hand. He swore again, this time hard enough to be heard by the entire Olympian family. Hera glared at him, daring him to apologize for the swearing. He did not, and just read the letter: " By the way; No maiming, no pulverizing, no blasting with lightning. I am looking to you, Zeus, Ares, and Perseus. These kids decide the future of your home. Killing them means bringing yourselves doom. Oh, and something else. Bringing these books to life and being able to alter the future comes with a price. A price Jackson will pay: he will feel and experience everything he does in the book. As do the other heroes written about in their point of view. Good luck!" Zeus grimaced. Hopefully this annoying Jackson would have a lot of pain; that would make reading a whole lot more interesting. Poseidon paled, and Athena kept watching him, suddenly realizing that he knew that so called Jackson. She didn't say anything. The children in the middle of the Throne Room started yelling at the gods. "Hey," said blonde girl, trying to attract the attention of the gods. It worked. They all glared at the girl. She was maybe 18, 19 years old, and was absolutely beautiful. She didn't try to look it, but her dazzling grey eyes stared at them with an intelligence way too great for her age, and her blonde hair hang a little loose over her shoulders. She wore an orange shirt with the words "CAMP HALFBLOOD" on it. Athena smiled. This was obviously one of hers. "Why did you summon us? I hope to congratulate us for winning the war for you." The gods all gasped. What the hell was this girl thinking? They were the gods, nobody spoke to them like that. Hades grumbled, and the whole room darkened. "And who do you think you are, girl, thinking you can address us like that? And which war? As far as I am concerned, we are not at a war." All the kids just glared at them. The blonde girl suddenly gasped, and grasped a handsome boy's shoulders. "Seaweed Brain! It worked!" "No way," he muttered. The gods exchanged looks. "What worked? Sending yourselves back in time to let us read your stories and hopefully change your future?" Asked Athena, and the blonde girl nodded. "Yes, mom." People who were obviously too slow to understand the likeness of the girl and Athena gasped. "Athena," grumbled Zeus, "she one of yours?" Dionysus answered, "Uh, duh" and all the demigods laughed. All the kids were around the age of the blonde girl, and they weren't with very many. Nobody had any box full of books with them. Athena was growing impatient. "Explain who you are, how this is going to go down, and why exactly you wanted to do this." "Who we are." Said the boy Athena's daughter had just grabbed. He was handsome, all right. All the demigods all made space for him, or stared at him in adoration – maybe without even being aware of doing so. It was obvious that everybody looked up at him. He stepped forward and glared at the gods with a look of blame, as if they personally had ruined his life. With, maybe knowing the history of the gods, was very possible. His green eyes and raven black hair were dazzling, making some of the female gods wonder if he was one of Aphrodite's. "Our names, our parentage, our titles? That may take a while. That may be dangerous." He eyes the bolt of Zeus trapped to the thigh of the Lord of the Sky. "For us, I mean." He spoke with no fear, as if being blasted to bits actually wasn't that scary, but he only said it because it was expected. His green eyes were beautiful, but full of age and wisdom. He wasn't a kid of Athena, but he had seen so much in his life that he had aged far beyond his own. Athena sighed. "Just state your name, rank, and intention." A Satyr in their midst stepped forward. "I am Grover Underwood, Lord of the Wild, Finder of Pan, and savior of Olympus." Zeus grumbled, and the lightning bolt flashed. He didn't hit anyone, but Grover nevertheless flinched as if he was hit. "Grover. You are the one who abandoned my daughter! It is because of you that he is dead!" " DAD!" yelled a girl from the demigods, causing the whole room to fall quiet. She had startling blue eyes, and black hair pulled back in a ponytail. She wore only black, with a big sword clasped to her thigh. She looked like demigod – okay, maybe a very angry powerful demigod – but she had this sort of aura all around her only to be found around immortals. "I choose to stay behind. It wasn't Grover's fault. Oh, and I'm Thalia Grace, Daughter of Zeus, Lieutenant of the Huntresses of Artemis, by the way," she added quickly when everybody had fallen silent with open mouths. "No tree." She said, slowly. "Obviously." Hades blinked a couple of times. Zeus was quiet, which was weird. Athena talked for them. "Obviously." She repeated, slowly. "I guess asking for an explanation isn't going to get us an answer?" "Nope." Thalia answered, and smiled. She was just as scared of the gods as the guy who spoke earlier. Not many demigods spoke with such certainty to the gods. Artemis found her voice again. "Lieutenant? My huntresses? But, Zoë…" Thalia's sad look made her fall quiet. It didn't take Athena to understand that look. Athena waved her hand after a moment of silence for the brave huntress Zoë Nightshade. "All right. Hurry up now, I don't think you'll be able to hold the gods' attention for very much longer." All the kids laughed. The blonde girl stepped forward, waving her hair backwards in an act of confidence. "I am Annabeth Daughter, Daughter of Athena," The goddess smiled at her, "Architect of Olympus, defeater of Arachne, finder of the Athena Parthenos, Wanderer of the Labyrinth," her voice fell so silent that no one but the boy next to her heard her, " of Tartarus as well ,", her voice grew louder again, "and one of the seven." The silence was deafening. This time, it was Hera who broke the silence. "Wait. Wait, all those titles… one of the seven? But that's the second great prophecy! My plan worked?" "What plan?" Apollo asked, but fell silent as he watched every single one of the heroes glaring at Hera hoping their looks could turn her to stone. Obviously they didn't want to know, and Apollo let it go. "Athena Parthenos." Athena repeated, her eyes wide. "My mark? You found it? You defeated… her?" Annabeth smiled at the pride in her mother's voice, but before she could answer, the boy who stood beside her did. "Yeah, yeah she did. Almost died trying, by the way, but well… don't want to spoil anything about us." The gods were dying to know why they even needed an architect for their town, but they let that go also. Waiting for answers wasn't going to work. They had to read the books. Another demigod stepped forward. He looked like death. His smile was forced, as if he didn't smile often, and the bags under his eyes were way too great. He obviously looked older then he was. His hair was the same colour as the guy standing beside Annabeth, but his hair looked a whole lot less alive. He wore a black jacket, black shirt, black boots, and had an impressive looking blade strapped to his thigh. "Uh, don't blast me, okay?" He asked, and when no one answered, he sighed. "I'm Nico di Angelo," Hades gasped, and some gods glared at him, "Son of Hades." " You broke the oath ?" bellowed Zeus – he had stayed silent for a long time, and suddenly all his anger busted out. "I can't believe you!" "I didn't!" Hades raised his arms. "He was born in the early 1900s; I don't know how he's here!" "He's not lying, Uncle," Nico said, sort of smiling at Zeus. "He kept the oath. May I go on?" Zeus mumbled something, but Poseidon gestured at the Son of Hades to continue before Zeus changed his mind and ignore the warnings of the gods of the future to blast the kids to bits. Nico took a deep breath. "Okay. Savior of Olympus, Ghost King, Wanderer of the Labyrinth, of Tartarus as well, uhm," He fell