Miracle at Mawbry's Summary: Edward and Bella are two homeless souls that bond together in their struggle for survival in a cardboard box behind a dumpster. Together they find their guardian angel, who presents them a chance for a better life. (Chatty mistletoe involved). A/N: Yes, this is my entry in the Mistletoe Contest. And no, I won squat, but had a blast with my pen. Also, the screenplay (Under My Nose) is progressing slowly. Turning 445 pages into 120-130 pages is a task. I don't want to exclude anything. Mawbry's is a small, neighborhood bar. Its yellow neon sign tilts to the side and blinks with a twitch over the front door. The walls are covered in faded, red velvet paper, and the tables and chairs are all mismatched. The long wooden bar is weathered; peeling and covered in scratches. It only takes one-hundred people to fill the small space to capacity. The same regulars eat, drink and play pool with no surprises. Mr. Mawbry is a kind man and his generosity makes him larger than life. He allows me to sing every Friday night. Whatever tips are thrown my way, I get to keep, and he sends me off with a bag of warm, greasy burgers and fries as well as a huge chunk of apple pie. His efficiency apartment is over the bar with a Murphy, pull-down bed, a ratty brown sofa and a round, wooden spool as a coffee table. There's a lounge chair next to a small, wooden table with two chairs, and a small TV on a wooden, snack table. The place is a plethora of colors. He lets me shower and wash my clothes every Friday afternoon. I trade my cleanliness for pies and cakes. He says his business has tripled with my sweet voice and tasty pastries. I think he exaggerates to make me feel better. He wipes his hands on his stained, off-white apron and warns, whispering in my ear, "Now, Bella, you be careful and tuck that money away." He offers his back room again to me, but I don't accept. One of his sons scares me, so I avoid any conflict that could mess with this gig. "Thank you, Mr. Mawbry. I'll see you next Friday," as I hug him. "You come by, if you need anything," he sternly points a finger and stares with his soft, watery blue eyes. I nod and smile, "I will, thank you." The door closes behind me as I flip my jacket collar up tighter around my neck and pull my stocking cap over my ears. A moist, feathery crystal falls on my bare hands. I look up into the darkening sky and see the beginning of a White Christmas. Any other time I would revel with joy, but this year I beg for my warm spot in the alley. Sticking close to the cold side of the brick building, I make my way around the corner. It's a quiet part of these busy streets and you can hear faint honking and hustling in the distance. No one walks past the big garbage bin since the building is condemned and sealed shut. This is where all my worldly goods are kept … Invisibly tucked in the back, under a huge gray tarp. I sadly giggle to myself … Worldly goods. It's a beat-up cardboard box that I call home, and it hosts my meager possessions; clothes, blankets, a twin mattress, flashlight, a few bottles of water and a book of fairytales. Yeah, I still hold on tight to the kid in me. As I walk closer to the bin, I stop as my heart begins to beat insanely faster. I can hear angry, male voices and soft grunts. "Just take his shoes, man, and let's get out of here. He has nothing!" a raspy voice shout gruffly. I blend into the darkness while two husky males run past me. Then, I hear the moans. A shivering figure curls in a fetal position in front of my bin. Unable to see him clearly, I rummage through my box and retrieve my flashlight, all the while calmly whispering, "You'll be all right. I'm here." I drop my bag of food onto a blanket, then quickly remove the loose, bottom brick from the wall and shove my money into the small makeshift safe and then replace the brick. Bending next to him, I flash the light over his long, lean body and see an Army jacket covering his broad shoulders, torn baggy jeans, and bare feet. Man, they took his socks, too? Another slight moan hums from his chest, along with quiet 'fuck'. I place the light over his head, so I don't blind him. I don't see any bruises on his face. His eyes are closed with furrowed brows. He's in pain somewhere. "Where did they hurt you? Can you speak?" I gently touch the side of his scraggly, bearded face. He slowly moves onto his back. Leaning into my palm and opening his eyes, he whispers, "They shoved me against the bin. I lost my footing and hit my head." I automatically run my fingers to the back of his tangled, long hair. He startles, but I soothe, "I won't hurt you." I don't notice the tingling in my hand until I look into his eyes … emerald green orbs with flecks of gold, a lighter green color, and a rim of pale blue. I catch my breath, not realizing that I was actually holding it. And him. He tries to sit up, but he groans again and lies back down. "Sorry, I'm a little dizzy." "Well, you do have a bump the size of a golf ball, but there's no blood," I blurt out. "Do you know who jumped you?" He slowly shakes his head from side to side. "No, two guys were following me and I tried to lose them, but I was unsuccessful." "Did you lose consciousness?" He says a quick 'no', tries to sit again, but only manages to lean on me. "Sorry," he blows out. I place an arm around his back, he buries his head into my neck and groans, "You smell good." I smile. "You're such a guy. You get mugged, they take your shoes and socks, and all you can say is that I smell good?" "You do," he says staring at my mouth. "And you're pretty." I huff and lower my head. "Look, let's get you up and out of this cold. It's really starting to snow, your hands are like ice, and your feet are blue." We struggle, but stand upright. "Where are we going?" he asks. I point, "Just behind the bin." He looks with question but holds on tightly as we walk around to my hidden home. He sits on the mattress, cross-legged, and a little hunched over as I wrap a blanket around his legs. "Better?" He nods. "Yeah, thanks." "Hungry?" I grab the bag and hand him a wrapped burger. "They were nice and warm." "But these are yours?" he questions. "I can't eat three burgers." I smile. "Then, why did you…" I interrupt him." I work at Mawbry's on Friday night. The owner likes to send me home with food." I take a bite and he sinks his teeth in a few times, filling his cheeks and chewing quickly. Before I can take another bite, I see him pop the rest into his mouth. "When was the last time you've eaten?" "Two days ago. I found half an apple." He shrugs. I cringe. "Do you mind if I lie down? I don't feel very well. I think I ate too fast," he groans. I crouch and help him down covering him with the blanket tucking his feet underneath. "That better?" I place a rolled up jacket under his head. "Yeah, thanks." He grabs for my hand and squeezes it. "You didn't have to help me." "I couldn't let you lie there." I smile. "Your groaning would have kept me up all night." We laugh. I reach into my jacket pocket and pull out a bottle of ibuprofen. "You should take two of these." Placing the pills in my hand, I grab a water bottle and twist off the top. Without asking, I carefully slide my hand under his neck. He watches in silence with his eyes on mine. Lifting his head, I place the pills onto his tongue and bring the bottle to his full lips. He wraps his large hands over mine and drinks slowly at first but then begins to take larger gulps. Water escapes and dribbles over his bearded chin. I automatically juggle the bottle and wipe him with my bare hand. He takes my hand into his and kisses my palm. "Soft." He flips my hand over. "So small." He looks back up and smiles at me. "You can close your mouth, now." I clear my throat. "Yeah … right." I huff. "I'm not good about being charmed!" He releases my hand. "Sorry, I didn't mean to … it's just nice to have someone to talk to." I shake my head. "I know what you mean. It's hard being alone." "Hey, what's your name, Pretty Girl?" he says fading in his speech. "Bella Swan." I stick my hand out towards him and we shake. "Edward Cullen." He nods. "I'm sorry to be nodding off on you. But when I did have my shoes, I was walking all night." "It's okay. Get some sleep. We'll figure things out tomorrow." I lie down and cover myself with another blanket. I watch Edward's steady breath with his mouth slightly open as he sleeps. Faintly he whispers, "Thank you, Bella." Tonight I sleep with one eye open. It's still dark when I wake. I rummage through my jacket pocket and take out the flashlight looking at my watch. It's almost six. I carefully toss the blanket off and reach around a heavily sleeping Edward, to remove some money from my 'safe'. I measure my arm to his outstretched foot and then place it back under the covers. I quietly whisper in Edward's ear, "I'll be back soon. Please, don't go anywhere." He sleepily mumbles an 'all right' and turns over. I crawl out of the box, lifting the tarp and setting it back into place. Looking around to the empty street, I make my way around the corner. About three blocks down, I head towards the back entrance of a thrift store and knock. Occasionally they let me help in the store and they'll give me an outfit. Mrs. McCarty, or Rose as she insists I call her, opens the door for me. "You're out bright and early, Bella." She smiles. "Gotta pee?" I giggle. "That and I need a few things." I show her some cash. "And I've got money." She scoffs, "Your money's not good here." "C'mon Rose, you've got mouths to feed," I complain. "Have you seen my husband? He's eating just fine, Bella." She stares at me. "I'm not so sure about you, though." "I'm fine." I shift one foot and then the other. "Go pee," she orders and points behind her. I am a clean freak, I admit. I take care of business, wash my hands and face, and run my fingers through my hair. Then I pull out the container for my toothbrush and brush my teeth. I'm a homeless person with obsessive hygiene. I think back to Edward's comment about smelling good. If he sticks around by Thursday he'll know I'm not always that fresh. As I open the door, I find Rosalie walking towards me with a glazed donut and a glass of milk. "I don't bake the way you do, but I can give you a little something. I would have given you coffee, but Emmett drank the last cup, the Neanderthal." She shakes her head. "And if I didn't hide some of the donuts, he would have eaten them,