Summary : Chuck E. Cheese is a place where a kid can be a kid, but what Bella gets is so much more. A/N: This fic. was written by 2brown-eyes, Fyrebyrd, Gabby1017, Hopesparkles, Ceceprincess1217, and Sunshine1220. We collaborated together in honor of our lovely beta, Fran, in celebration of her birthday. Thank you, Fran, for all the hard work you do for us and many others. Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended The Birthday Surprise! (2brown-eyes) Flashing lights, alarms, bells, laughter, and the scent of pizza filled the air of the local Chuck E. Cheese. I stood by the edge of the party room watching the activity around me, wondering if one day it would be one of my kids out there. "Is it always like this?" my roommate, Alice, questioned, leaning closer so I could hear her over the excitement. She stepped back quickly to avoid a collision with a little boy who ran by with a long tail of tickets flapping behind him. "Usually. Haven't you ever been to a Chuck E. Cheese or an arcade before?" I asked, shifting the large present in my hands. "Are you kidding me? Does this look like the sort of place my parents would've approved of?" Alice gave a very unladylike snort. Her parents were from upper-class society and were very strict when raising Alice. Once she turned twenty and inherited her trust fund, she rebelled. Her first act was to cut her long black hair into a pixie cut, or a boy's haircut, according to her horrified mother. Her next step in her independence was to attend a small university far from their reach and move into the dorms with a middle-class roommate. I thought she was going to be snobbish when we first met, but I couldn't be more wrong. Despite having an expensive taste in clothes, she was a sweetheart and very selfless. "Auntie Bella." My nephew, Eric, came running up to me with three boys his age behind him. He was a miniature version of my brother down to the dimples in his cheeks. "Happy Birthday, Eric." I reached out to give him a hug. He squirmed out of my arms. His face was bright pink as he glanced quickly at his friends. I realized he was now at the age where he was embarrassed to be hugged by a girl. "Where's Edward, did you bring him with you?" he asked, looking around me. "Sorry, buddy, he's still overseas." My smile faltered for a moment as I thought of my boyfriend of two years. Is that for me?" He eyed his present with anticipation. "Of course, who else, which table is yours?" I smiled. "We have the table in the back." My sister-in-law, Rose came up to us. "Eric, take the presents to the table for your aunt and Alice, and then you guys have time for two more games each before the pizza should be at the table." "Yes, mother." Eric took the present from me. One of his friends took Alice's gift, and they ran off to the table. "Mother?" I giggled. Rose rolled her eyes. "Apparently, now that he is seven, he's all grown up. At least, he's more well-behaved than his own father." "Speak of the devil, where is my brother?" I glanced around. "I don't know, but I swear he better not get us kicked out of here. Did you know when they banned him as a kid for life, they weren't kidding? We had to put the party in my maiden name." Rose shook her head so that her blonde hair bounced around her face. "Dammit, I spoke too soon. Eric, the basketballs remain in the game, and are not be tossed around!" "What did Emmett do?" Alice asked curiously; she loved gossip. "Let's see—got in a water fight in the bathroom, climbed to the top of the skeeball ramp so he could place the balls in the top hole—that's not all. He used the pizza trays to play ultimate Frisbee. He hid under the balls, back when there was ball pit, and pulled smaller kids under. To top it all off, he also harassed Chuck E. Cheese so bad that he even yanked out of the poor mouse's tail. I bet anything that the reason they changed the costume is because of him." I listed as I counted off on my fingers. "Wow. Which one is skeeball?" Alice looked around at all the games. "I'll show you later," I promised her. However, she was distracted by something that caught her attention. "There's a mouse and a dog staring at us," she whispered lowly. I glanced in the direction she was staring and spotted the characters she was talking about. "That's Chuck E., and the dog's name is Jasper…I think. He's one of Chuck E.'s friends," I explained. "O-kay," she said warily. "I recognized the mouse from all the pictures, but why are they watching us? It's kinda creepy." "I don't know? Maybe it just seems that way." I got the heebie jeebies from them as well. I gave them a smile then waved. Chuck E. waved back, tilting his head to the side. "Don't encourage them," Alice hissed as she grabbed my arm and yanked it down. "Don't encourage who?" Rose reappeared "Them." Alice went to point, but both costume characters were gone. "Where did they go?" She spun in a circle. "Alice is weirded out by the characters, they were staring at us," I explained. "Emmett, better have not stolen a costume," Rose groaned. "I better not have what?" My brother, or at least I thought it was him, appeared in front us. He was wearing a hideous Hawaiian shirt with a fake mustache and shades. "Em? Why the do you look like a bad version of Magnum P.I.?" I started to giggle. "Shh…don't say my name out loud. Call me Tom." He looked widely around. "Oh, good grief." Rose rolled her eyes and went off to tell the kids the pizza was ready. We didn't see Chuck E. again until it was time to sing Eric a happy birthday. He came out with the party planner, who carried the cake. When the song was over, Chuck E. went around for a round of high-fives from the boys. When he got to me, instead of a high-five, I got a hug, and I swear that he goosed me. I remained stunned when he stepped back from me, then stared for a moment before moving on. "Did Chuck E. just squeeze your butt." Alice looked at me incredulously. "I think so. I was hoping I just imagined it." I shuddered slightly. It was creepy that he would do that. I wondered if I should say anything to the manager about it. They do screen people in costume before they let them work with kids, right? "Come on, Ali, I'll show you what skeeball is." I took some tokens off the table. We weaved our way through the crowd and maze of games. I stopped in front the game and slid a token in the slot. The balls came rolling down to a stop. I chose one from the middle and swung it back then forward, sending it up the ramp. It launched off the hump and landed in the hole marked four hundred. "See. Just like that, even I can do it." I grabbed another ball and glanced at Alice. She wasn't looking at me but past me. "Uh…Bella." I turned, and Chuck E. Cheese was standing about a foot from me. I jumped and dropped the ball on my foot. "Oh…owe. No offense, but do you have to stand so close?" I winced and reached down to rub my foot. Chuck E. just stood there silently. "Good lord, say something. Do you know how creepy it is that you stare at us?" Alice complained. "I don't think they are allowed to," I answered for him. The mouse held up one finger and gestured for me to wait. He turned and waved over Jasper and another employee. The guy looked about our age, and it even said he was the manager under his name, Austin. "Hi, are you Bella Swan?" he asked. "Uh…yeah." I glanced at Alice, wondering how he knew my name. "My friend, Chuck E. here would like to take you out to dinner," he announced with a large smile. I snorted. "Sorry, but that's not going to happen. For starters, I have a boyfriend and to top it off, your mouse is creeping me out. You do screen these guys before you hire them, right?" "Of course, we do, company policy," Austin promised. "What about a double date. You and Chuck, and your friend with Jasper." He jutted his thumb to the dog. "You've got to be joking. I'm not dating a dog." Alice shook her head. Jasper's head dropped comically. "Look, Chuck E., I'm sure you're a nice guy under there, but I do love my boyfriend. I'm not going to do anything to upset him." Who was I kidding; if I told Edward that I was asked out by Chuck E., he'd probably fall off his chair laughing. Chuck E. tapped Austin on the shoulder and gestured to the back. "Would you come to the employee lounge and talk to the mouse…er…man, yourself? The least, you could do is hear him out?" Austin pleaded. "I swear it's safe." "Let me see your driver's license." I held out my hand. "Chuck E doesn't have one." Austin glanced around at the curious kids. "Not his, yours." I pointed at Austin. He handed over his card, and I glanced at it then gave it to Alice. "If I'm not back in ten minutes, call the police and have him held responsible." I pointed at Austin. "Bella, are you sure about this?" Alice casted the mouse an uneasy glance. (FyreByrd) I waved her off. "It'll be fine." A little frustrated with the situation, I began making my way toward the hallway at the back of the room. "I don't know why this was necessary. I've already told you that I have a boyfriend that I'm in love with, but I am flattered that you'd go to such great lengths to speak with me." Chuck E. nodded his head rapidly, but I guess that was about all I'd be getting from him until we were alone. Sighing, I stopped at the beginning of the hallway and motioned for him to lead the way, since I had no clue where we were going. He walked with an extra skip in his step as he led me down to the third door on the left. I looked around the room as I entered, my eyes widening on a framed picture of Emmett, from when he was ten, hanging on the wall under a huge sign that read: BANNED. Scanning the rest of the room, I realized it was just an employee lounge and relaxed slightly. With a grand flourish, Chuck E. prompted me to take a seat in a chair he had pulled away from the small table. Still wondering what game he's playing, I crossed my arms and took the seat with a huff. "Okay, Chuck, you have me here. Now take that stupid mask off and talk to me like a normal person," I demanded, already weirded out by this strange encounter. Instead of doing what I told him, Chuck shook his head and held his hands out, motioning for me wait. I rolled my eyes but stayed quiet while he figured out what his next move was going to be. He looked around the room before acting happy all of a sudden and scurrying over to the refrigerator. While he was poking through the fridge, I sat there in disbelief that I had allowed myself to entertain even talking to some strange guy. I stood up abruptly and started for the