A/N: Just a oneshot I've had in mind for a while. It's in Enobaria's POV. Thank you for clicking on this fic and I hope you enjoy. THE LITTLE VAMPIRE SLAYER Sometimes it's not so easy To be the teacher's pet "Don't Stand So Close to Me" — The Police When I escaped the Arena, it was like someone painted the world different colors while I was away. Winning the Hunger Games was my lifelong dream, but I forgot that nightmares are dreams too. Due to those two revelations, I am sitting in my house at the Victor's Village, holding a stolen peacekeeper's gun to my own temple. My sweaty fingers keep slipping around as I try to figure out how to squeeze the trigger. I was never trained with a weapon that the Hunger Games never used but it did not take a genius to figure out the basics. Hold gun. Pull trigger. End pain. I take a deep breath and close my eyes, but they flash open again when someone barges through my door, his heavy footsteps relentlessly thudding against the wooden floor as he walks right into my kitchen. "Get out, Brutus," I hiss, saliva spraying through the uncomfortable new teeth the surgeons outfitted me with while I was out cold. Waking up to them did not help my confusion. "You gonna off yourself, girl?" he coldly asks, crossing his arms and broadening his stance. "Fine. I came to check on you because you're a mess. You haven't even reached your Victory Tour and you're a borderline alcoholic spewing bullshit no one wants to hear." "So?" I snarl, glowering. "As your mentor, here's an order: find a way to make yourself human again or pull the damned trigger," he growls. I squeeze it. Nothing happens. Fiercely, I throw the gun at the wall. It slams loudly against the kitchen tile and then clatters on the floor. The peacekeepers must have a safeguard I did not know about. "Huh," calmly says Brutus, chuckling and rolling his eyes. "I thought you'd choose the first one. I really thought you were a smart kid." "Make myself human again? Didn't you notice President Snow's upgrades?" I snarl at a man I once revered, gesturing at my still-uncomfortable teeth. "I can't make myself human again. I'm a monster and I have to learn to love being one. Stay out of my way." I stand up and brush past him, leaving my own house. As I blink in the strong sunlight, I realize the soaring sensation in my chest. It only took a useless attempt on my life to see the truth. Since I was twelve, I have been trained to put off this moment of clarity as long as I could stand and fight, slash and stab, and reign victorious. Under the strength, the wit and the endless training was the knowledge that someday, someway, I would no longer be fast enough, smart enough, or lucky enough. And the monster inside of me would win. Four years after the day Brutus barged in on my suicide attempt, I size up the latest Academy recruits. Every twelve-year-old girl and boy averts their eyes except for one. A tiny girl looks straight up at me instead of bowing her worthless head in respect. I stand in front of her and wait for her to crumble but she does not. "What's your name, soldier?" I demand. "Clove Conium," the girl replies without hesitation. "Kneel, Clove Conium," I fiercely order with the strength of the monster within. Unafraid, the orphan spits, "Make me." "As you wish," I sardonically snarl. She might be a child, but she attends the Academy now. I punch her in the gut and she falls onto her knees. "There we go." Clove does not shed a single tear. Good. Maybe I can work with the indignant whelp. [X] Clove has a good feel for knives. I admit I spend more time on her than the other students. Most of them will fail miserably and end up as peacekeepers in outlying districts. Why would I waste my time on someone who will not reign victorious? She is thirteen when she first tells me the worst words I can imagine. The girl sits in my office, because she has no friends among the other children. I tolerate her if she does my chores. "I want to be just like you," says Clove, kicking her legs back and forth as she clings to the table she sits on. "I always wanted to be just like you." At first, I am speechless. "Good," I say. "You should strive to be the best." She nods and smiles at my bravado, which I hate. I hate all of it. When she says that, I feel the gun to my temple again. I feel the old discomfort in my mouth that went away long ago. I look around and try to remember what the colors were before I won. "I think you're the best," Clove says, smiling the way she never does around the other kids. "I am," I sharply reply, slamming my books shut. "You need to get to your next class, soldier." She jumps down from my desk and waves to me before she leaves the room. [X] The first Games I mentor, my girl wins. I go to great lengths to get her there and she succeeded, bringing more glory to my name. People adore her, her ruthless spirit and her bright blue eyes. I am as impartial towards her as an instructor must be. "I just wanted to be like you," she said at her Victory Ceremony, smiling at me beneath the crown that did not quite fit her head. "I wanted to be famous and feared and beautiful at the same time. Just like you." I nodded then. No words were necessary, thankfully. Right now, I walk through her unlocked front door to check in on her. I am supposed to offer her the obligatory job at the Academy, to pretend that we have a choice. When I enter the living room, calling out her name, I see her slumped on her sofa. The television keeps blaring replays of her allegedly stunned Games. My eyes drift away from it and land on the blood pouring from her sloppily slit wrists. She must have just hacked at them with a blade. I should try to save her, or at least take her pulse, but I just stand there and stare. It is probably better this way. They say she dies of a heart attack. [X] The jobs I work in the Capitol grate on me. President Snow introduced me to my first client on my Victory Tour and I complied without hesitation. I was taught to be loyal to the Capitol no matter what it asked me to do, and so, for four years, I have served the highest bidders. At home, I tend not to face those memories. But, today, Laurel—an Academy mentor a few years older than me—waltzes into my office and looks me up and down. "You need to go on a date. I imagine you're lonely without all the Capitol lovers." I host the brief mental fantasy of bashing her face into the stone wall before I merely clear my throat and clasp my hands on top of my desk and smile at her. When I lean forward, she steps back. A victor should be ashamed of fearing anything, even me and my monstrous grin. "That wouldn't interest me," I purr. "If I wanted romance in my life I would seek it myself." She cocks her head to the side. "What's your type?" "I don't have one," I say, leaning back in my seat. Before the Hunger Games I liked pretty girls who were attracted to danger. Now, I try not to think about sex or love. [X] A few months later, on a morning jog through the Academy corridors, I see Clove in the hallway outside of the Headmaster's Office. She gazes at the Academy Tenets framed on the wall, and her eyes gradually drift up to the engraving on the stone. We are evil men in the Garden of Paradise, sent by the forces of death to spread destruction wherever we go. "Memorizing the rules?" I ask, stopping and standing beside her. When I examine the girl, I see blood all over her face, trickled down from her nose. She has more dried on her neck and shoulder. "Whose blood is that?" "Some is mine, some isn't. I'm not cleaned up because I'm in trouble," Clove admits. "But the Headmaster's talking to Cato first." "Cato? He's that favorite, isn't he? Brutus is thinking about choosing him as a mentee early." "I broke his arm," Clove admits, incapable of hiding her tiny smile. "Why?" I ask, cocking an eyebrow. Clove shrugs and plainly states, "He kissed me. We got in a fistfight." I feel like someone stabbed a stake into my chest. No one kisses this little kid, this one I already am grooming for the Games. "Why were you anywhere near him?" "You're the one who upgraded me," snaps Clove, sliding into the indignant stance I thought I beat out of her. "I'm in his class now and it's not my fault." "I am going to forget I heard that insubordinance because breaking the arm of a boy that big has earned you some form of reward." I wink, although I should not. Clove's eyelids flutter when she realizes the consequences of her disrespect towards me. "Thank you, sir. I meant no disrespect, sir." "Good," I snap. Clove lightly bows. [X] "So, you break Academy regs and end up on the fast-track to becoming a tribute," I say when Clove Conium reports to my office at dawn. "Welcome to advanced training." Clove says in a somehow respectful tone, her hands clasped behind her stiff back, "Sir, I broke Academy regs by breaking the arm of the highest ranking student." I laugh. "It was a wise decision. Training will not be easy." "I know, Enobaria." Swiftly, I stand, slamming my fist down on my desk. "Children and other mentors call me Enobaria. You will call me God." "Yes… God, sir." Clove nods once at me. I smirk at how quickly she learns. [X] On a rainy day, my view of Clove Conium suddenly changes. I watch her battle moving targets with throwing knives. She slips around in the mud but manages to keep her balance like I taught her. But I stop focusing on the knives in her hand or the targets she hits and misses; I notice how the rain makes her uniform cling tightly to her figure. When did that little orphan turn into a woman? "How did it I do, sir?" asks Clove and I look up at her, my eyes wide. I was not paying attention. "Not well," I say. "Try again." Clove nods and goes to reset the targets. [X] After passing her first two tests, Clove is prepared to endure exposure training. I am to supervise as she and the five other potential tributes under my wing sit in the ice cold forest. Being a victor, they give me a tent with a heater inside. I make them hike and when one boy stops and stumbles, I shove him to the ground and leave him behind. "No room for weakness," I bark, and the other five run much faster. That night, I sit in my tent. It rains torrentially outside and the kids all build their own shelters like they were taught in the theory class. I emerge from my tent every so often to check on their progress. Clove sits with her eyes closed beneath dripping, half-frozen leaves. I watch her shiver, her lips turning blue. My other mentees are equally broken, but I only have eyes for her. Slowly, I step forward and grab Clove by the arm. "You did the best