A/N: Some Quick Facts About This Fic: Chapters: 30 Pairing: Foxface x Clove Rated: T for intense nongraphic violence, sexual themes, mild coarse language and violent references. Notes: This is my first fic for the Hunger Games fandom. I just really love this ship and it doesn't have many fics for it, so I decided to write my own. The POV alternates once halfway through each chapter. It is 98% based on the book universe (with a huge AU butterfly-effect) but borrows some from the movie universe. That's about it for important tidbits. I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. FLOWERS FOR THE DEAD The weak would never enter the kingdom of love. -Gabriel Garcia Marquez- CHAPTER ONE FOXFACE "Solanine Jones!" calls out the District Five escort. The Town Square remains silent. No one rejoices as Valentina Nyxeris scans the crowd, searching for the girl whose name was on the slip of paper in her hand. It takes a few moments to register that she announced my name. My expression remains blank—but not vacant—as I force my legs to propel me towards the stage. I take slow, deep breaths, refusing to look frightened on television, and continue my silent and steady march until Valentina Nyxeris grabs my wrist with her soft, manicured hand and helps me up. I wonder if the square truly is struck soundless, or if I am just so panicked and overwhelmed that I cannot hear them. The halfhearted applause does not answer my question, but it does snap me back to reality. Moments later, Valentina draws the name of a boy I do not know called Aster Smith. I watch him tremble as he blatantly suppresses tears. As much as I pity him, I do not want to know him. District Five often does not make it past the bloodbath. Cordelia Shepherd and Volt Collins—two of the four victors in my district—usher us from the stage along with five peacekeepers. They take us into the Justice Building and situate us in separate rooms to say our goodbyes. My eleven-year-old brother, Fission, is my only visitor. "Sol," he cries out, his chest shuddering from the pain of loss. "Sol, you need to live, okay? I can't live if you don't live." I hug him and ruffle his hair. Usually, in my family, we do not show affection openly, but I think right now is an exception. He must feel the same way because he tightly returns the embrace and tolerates my fingers in his brunet locks. Fission grabs me by the wrist and presses a token into my palm. Once he reluctantly releases me, I look down at the cold metal. It is a priceless comb I stole from the wealthiest woman in town. She never even noticed it was gone; it was buried in the bottom of a closet, dusty and unloved. I rarely went for objects that were not edible, helpful for survival or easy to trade on the black market. It drew my attention, though, screaming out my name. The silver sparkled even though it was dark and the turquoise stones set in it only made it more desirable. "Where did you find this?" I whisper, since I can never wear it openly. "It was in your box. The one that has mom's stuff in it," Fission says. I have a wooden case. In it is every memory of my mother I own. My favorite is the book of plants I always take out when I cannot sleep. That is where she found my name. Sol is a very common name in Five, but she would not settle for Solanna or Solaris. She sought a name everywhere but then found it by accident in an old book my grandmother gave her. Solanine. It was in the entry for nightshade. The comb reminds me of the book, the note she left me the night before she died, little tidbits. Even if it was not my mother's, it lived in that hiding place for long enough to carry some of the memories with it. Maybe that reading material will help me in the Arena; I know what wild plants are safe to eat and which bring certain death. After examining the comb and suppressing the tears in my eyes, "I promise I'll come home," I say, quietly but firmly. "I'm… it might be interesting. I've always wondered about the Capitol and now I get to discover it up close. And you know I have a leg up." He does. His eyes light up as he thinks about the way I have provided for my family for the past several years. I, Sol Jones, am a thief. And a good one. [X] Still as a statue, I sit on the train. My silence makes me fade into the background. Cordelia and Volt do not seem to notice I am in the room as they and Aster watch the replays of the Reapings. Volt is out of his mind and half-asleep on pills I noticed him take when Cordelia was focused on Aster's sobbing. Valentina has her hands clasped and a dizzy smile on her fuchsia lips. However, my female mentor insisted we study the competition. I agree with her; I would have done it anyway. In District One, I see a girl who deeply draws my attention. When she smiles at the cameras, the chill in my bones does not come from fear, but an uncomfortable attraction. Her district partner has arrogance in his eyes that anyone could see from a mile away, or so I assume. In District Two, I see a girl and boy coldly and calmly volunteer in an impressively orderly fashion. They keep themselves frigid and emotionless as the stone their District harvests, up until the point I see them flash a fleeting, agonized glance at each other. I wonder if they are forced to volunteer for some reason, or if something else concerns the duet. The other districts fly by. I see fear and pain, even in District Four. The girl is a volunteer, but not as professional as District One and Two, while the boy is Reaped against his will. Not a single tribute is out of the ordinary except for District Twelve. The sight brings tears to my eyes as my thoughts linger on the brother I have always provided for, always taken care of. Although I had hoped to keep quiet, when the people in the square touch three fingers to their lips and extend their arm, I ask, "What does that mean?" Aster jumps, Volt looks confused, and Cordelia casually looks up and meets my gaze. "I don't know," she remarks, turning in her chair to fully face me. Her strawberry-blonde hair gleams in the fluorescent light. "You've been very attentive. You're a curious girl, aren't you? Good. You don't look strong, yet you look unafraid. Why is that?" "I've been through worse than the Games," I softly say, averting my eyes. Cordelia now stands. "I hope you mean that." She studies me, and then exits the television car. No one else speaks to me for the remainder of the afternoon. [X] When we leave the speedy train, my eyes flicker around the crowd, trying to avoid distraction by the flashing cameras, taking in every motion of a reporter, scream of my name or thrilled wave of a teenager's hand. I take slow breaths and maintain an erudite expression, in hopes that they will believe I have a plan. I don't, but the Hunger Games are a fantasy to the people of the Capitol. If I play a part, perhaps they will fall for it. I'm separated from my mentors and partner and ushered into a room where I'm swiftly surrounded by three blindingly colorful and eager women. Their names are Aelia, Domitilla and Nerva. The latter two women are locked in a conversation together as they put me through a series of torments I did not know existed. Aelia runs her fingers through my hair with her violet eyes widened. "This color is amazing . Is it natural?" she asks. "Yes," I quietly reply. "I guessed that! You simply can't mix those perfect golden highlights—and oh the red —in a bowl!" she gushes as Domitilla and Nerva pull me away from her and introduce me to waxing. The wonders of the Capitol are not wonderful, in my opinion. [X] A willowy woman with wispy purple hair rests her tattooed arms on my shoulders as she examines every inch of a body that no longer feels like mine. The silk robe wrapped around me does not protect me from the strong air conditioning; the goosebumps on my now-hairless skin ache. "I'm Septima and I'm your stylist, as I'm sure you've figured out by now. I've been working on my plans for a month; I assure you you'll make a splash." Pause. "I adore your hair," she comments, flipping a lock of it with her long fingernails. "I don't think I've seen anything exactly like it. It'll be hard not to notice." "That's what I'm afraid of," I thoughtless admit. She cocks her head like a confused puppy. "It'll be hard to hide from the other tributes when they can see my hair from a mile away." Septima laughs. I don't understand the joke, but I keep my lips sealed. She whips out fabric from a garment bag and sets it on my lap, "Let me just adjust this to your size and we'll have you ready in no time." No time . It seems humorous when I do not think I have ever been in a situation that felt longer than this, but I have already decided that the people of the Capitol will take more time for me to dissect and understand than I anticipated. My dress is… interesting. The tributes tend to be garbed in silver, or power-plant worker outfits. Once, they were dressed up in sparkling golden fabric that seemed to fit District One better than District Five. This year, I hold a dark grey gown with strands of bright white lights crisscrossed on it, forming a glistening, luminescent bodice. Septima stands behind me as I look in the mirror. Our dual reflections blur together. "You're very beautiful." She pokes her sharp nail into my spine and I barely suppress a yelp. "If only you'd stand up straight…" I touch the blinking lights on my chest. "These are tight… and a little…" "Noticeable?" Septima smirks. "You can't hide from me, and you don't want to hide from the sponsors and tributes. Even if you dye your hair brown and slouch even further, I don't think anybody could miss the look in your eyes." I squint, but notice nothing in the blue irises. "I have a lot of practice at hiding. My brother always laughs at it. He's always been an expert at fitting in. I've been a master of blending in. There's a big difference," I explain. Septima disarms me; I don't think I've ever spoken to someone other than Fission about that comparison. "It's not a bad strategy, but I don't think you realize the effect you could have if you wanted." "I don't want to have an effect. I want to be a shadow." Septima smirks again. "Alright then, little shadow. I'll tell you a secret." She leans in and whispers in my ear, "This year's uniforms have hoods." I try not to smile often, but I can't stop myself this time. CLOVE The District Two escort, Satin Athens, holds up the metallic microphone to my lips. "I, Clove Conium, volunteer as tribute," are the words I have rehearsed since I was a child. My life at the Academy has not been perfect, but I know it was the right path for me. After my father died in a quarry accident, my mother gave me to the Academy. I was barely seven - the minimum age for