i. The first time Annabeth sneaks out of her dorm, it's not even because of any one person, except herself. She gets back from the library obnoxiously late (having stayed passed closing, until the librarians did their sweep and literally kicked her out) but she collapses at her desk to finish the work she'd been doing. It's only when she does finish, closing up her study notes and blinking bleary-eyed at the clock, does she realize curfew has kicked in. It takes her another moment to remember she needed to run to the drugstore to pick up a few things tonight. And unfortunately, none were the sort of things she could arguably skip out on. It's crisp fall weather, so she tugs on a sweatshirt and pulls back her hair into a ponytail before tucking it under the hood; blonde is bright, after all. She shoves a handful of cash into her pocket, then peers out her door into the empty hallways. Satisfied, she slips out, dumping her keys in her pocket, too, after she locks the door behind her. Once she gets out of the building unnoticed – through an unguarded backdoor, usually only the emergency exit – it becomes a lot easier. It's Brooklyn, after all, and it's only 11pm. There are plenty of people out and about, and a teenager in a hoodie is as common as rats in the sewers or pigeons in the parks. And honestly, mortals are a lot less scary than some of the things she's seen, so she walks without fear, and the streetlights are bright. She's taken the route plenty of times in the past. All in all it's a rather boring excursion, because sneaking around is a lot easier when you can go invisible. She takes her hat off before going into the CVS, though, since she does have every intention of paying for her tampons and birth control. Getting back into her dorm room is just as easy as it was getting out, once she puts the hat back on. Thanks, mom . ii. Annabeth is glad her room is a single, because the amount of times she gets Iris Messages would be super awkward to explain to a roommate. She's not sure if it's her academic record (the absences, the transfers, and everything in between) or the luck of the draw, but either way she's not complaining. Not to mention she just likes – and needs – her space, and locking herself away in her room is the best feeling after a long day of classes and schoolwork. Which is why the knock on her door surprises her, because it's early enough in the quarter that she doesn't know too many of her classmates – at least know them well enough that they'd feel comfortable randomly stopping by her dorm. It's also late enough in the evening to be strange for a spontaneous academically related visit, a 'hey what's the homework' or 'have you seen my backpack?' She disentangles from her chair and walks to the door, cracking it open a fraction. The face on the other side brightens, waves eagerly. "No habits, does that prove I'm not a nun?" Piper asks, as Annabeth breaks into her own grin, fully unlocking and opening the door before quickly ushering the other girl inside. " Piper, " she starts, mildly chastising, as her friend makes her way through the dorm room comfortably and flops on the bed like it's her own (but not before throwing her arms around Annabeth in a hug). It's not the first time she's been here – just the first time after curfew, a ripe old early nine pm. It'd be nice if that got changed later in the semester. " Annabeth ," is her response, casual as she peers around the room. "What are you doing here?" Piper scoots herself backward, till she's leaning against the wall, her legs stretched out across the mattress. "I wanted to stop by and say hi, mostly. Your presence at camp is always sorely missed." Annabeth smiles, shaking her head a little, but the words leave a warm bubbly feeling inside her anyway. "What do they do without me?" "Break a lot of things, mostly." They laugh over it, and Annabeth sits on the bed, too, crossing her legs like a pretzel. "It's not that I'm not glad to see you, but really, do I want to know how you even got in? They locked the doors –" she glances at the clock, "-about ten minutes ago." Piper gets a slightly conspiratory look on her face. "Security guards are no match for daughters of Aphrodite." "So. Charmspeak." "Shh, don't ruin it." They both laugh again, but Annabeth's pretty impressed anyway. The nuns seem to have hired the scariest looking guards for the doors, but she knows Piper's taken down goddesses with her words. Security guards are cake, no matter how burly their arms and moustaches. She probably doesn't even have to try particularly hard at this point. Piper picks up Annabeth's pillow and fluffs it, hugging it to her chest and leaning her cheek on it. "Jason needed to pay a visit to Olympus, so I hitched a ride. And no, he didn't fly to the city himself. I'm not interrupting homework, am I?" Annabeth sighs. "Technically, yes, but I'm almost done, and truthfully, I could use a break." "Ha ha , good thing I have expertise in those," Piper says, and even if she's half teasing, Annabeth knows she's right. For as long as they've been friends, Piper's had a remarkable ability to help Annabeth relax – something so few of her friendships entail to that deep of a level. Something she needed desperately during those months Percy was missing, something she still cherishes to this day. They got along easily from the get-go, and it's only gotten better (they've only gotten closer) over time. "Just in warning, I'm considering making you use the window when it's time to leave." "Then I'm considering making you change your mind," Piper says, lifting the pillow and tossing it at Annabeth's face. She laughs in surprise, but doesn't waste any time in throwing it right back. It turns into a pillow fight that gets a little too loud, and Annabeth nearly smothers her friend into silence when she hears one of the nuns making the rounds. They play a little catch-up, Annabeth talks about classes, Piper about camp; they laugh and gossip and it feels so much like home (like camp ) that Annabeth forgets she's sitting in a dorm room. It's about quarter after eleven when Piper finally decides it's time to leave, given she's supposed to be regrouping with Jason fifteen minutes ago. A tight hug of goodbye, then Piper slips out the door the way she came in, marches straight down the hallway and out the door. Annabeth watches from the window as Piper crosses the lawn without a care in the world, waving as she disappears over the gate and out onto the street. It turns out that next to the invisibility cap, Piper's charmspeak is one of the more useful tools of getting in and out of the dorm building. iii. Oddly, Annabeth is the one who needs to convince Percy that it's fine for him to come up to her room. The nuns are pretty strict on the whole "no boys allowed" rule, and Percy is just so adamant about not doing anything to jeopardize her spot in the school – getting kicked out sucks, and when he puts it that way, she can't even blame him for the hesitance. He refuses straight up until the start of October. But their schedules make for difficulties in seeing one another, a fact that drives them both up the wall, and it's Annabeth who pitches it first, via Iris Message just after she gets back from dinner in the cafeteria. "Just come over." "But Annabeth –" "Don't you but me," she starts, crossing her arms. "I'm only on the second floor." "Sister Bethany's met me exactly twice and I'm pretty sure she's developed a Percy Jackson radar." "Sister Bethany is grading tests this evening, so she's not even on patrol." "Annabeeeeth," he says, stretching out her name in half a whine. "Percy," she replies, but there's something else beyond warning in her tone. "Look, just – please? I miss you." He doesn't have much of a defense against that argument, and his face takes on a disgruntled expression over it. "I miss you, too," he hastens to reassure, even though it's something terribly obvious to both of them. "But –" "What did I say about 'buts?' Protip: don't." She taps her pencil on her desk, impatiently, worriedly, and with annoyance, all at once. They fall into a slightly awkward silence after that, with Percy shifting uncomfortably in his room. "I just don't want to get you in trouble," he says. With a sigh, she slumps over, resting her chin on her hand. He's used that excuse before. "I can think of a million things that are more troubling. You're being dumb." "I am not!" "A little bit, maybe," she says huffily. It's not even that she wants him over to make-out or beyond (though there's still a 90% chance of that happening). She just genuinely misses him, misses having him around, and though Tartarus doesn't push them together so desperately anymore, there are still moments where she'd just like to know he was there. But he hates that look on her, and his face crumples under it. "It's almost the weekend," he offers. "You won't get me in trouble. It's barely October, even if you did get caught, it'd be the first transgression." "Not helping." "I do have my hat, too, you know." It feels like such a late realization, for both of them. Percy's eyes sort of flicker, as if maybe he's actually considering it. Annabeth tries not to let her hopes get too high, because he's been so stupidly stubborn over it since she first told him he should come spend the night in early September. "It is a pretty useful hat," he muses, and even if it's not confirmation, Annabeth knows he's basically finally going to consent to it, and she feels almost stereotypically teenager giddy. She tries for a smirk, but it comes out a smile. "So, what, I'll see you in a half an hour? The subway's not so bad post rush hour." Percy's silent, but it's the smile that wins him over, and maybe just the prospect of being with his girlfriend in general. "Better gimme forty minutes, to be on the safe side." They barely even say goodbye before waving the message away. Reaching her second story window isn't the highest or most difficult feat Percy's ever tried to accomplish, but it's still an unexpected challenge; it takes more upper body strength than he anticipated and trying to discreetly drag over a garbage bin for extra leverage, and by the time he hauls himself up and crash lands on her floor, Annabeth's smirking and reaching for his hand. "Forty-two minutes, thirty eight seconds, for the record." Percy doesn't really care about breaking time limits, not when she pulls him into a hug right after. His arms slide around her, and she smiles, especially when she takes note of the overnight bag that came through the window with him. iv. Clarisse La Rue isn't subtle. She doesn't do, eat, sleep, or breathe subtle, and though Annabeth's tall herself, the way Clarisse stands out among the other uniformed classmates is an entirely new level. Some of them nudge and gesture, especially once they see Annabeth in quick conversation with her. "I swear to the gods, I'm gonna punch the next girl who points at me like that, Chase. I don't care if they're a friend of yours or not." "Clarisse, you're carrying a giant spear. Who knows what they even see? Now,