for beth (kaikamahine tumblr), because there are never enough book thief crossovers and i guess i can't yell at you to write all of them. but as suggested - this is a book thief mashup of sorts, with Death as narrator against the curious daughter of pluto reborn. i. In 1941, there are no shortages of death. The numbers are high and scattered across the globe. War does keep him busy. The peculiar one takes him to Alaska, on an island that shouldn't exist. There are in actuality two to be taken tonight, but it's the child that draws the most attention. Her eyes are gold like the earth he knows she can command, her hair is soft and curled. She's a tiny thing, though not the tiniest he's met today. She's thirteen years young, and her bloodline is recognizable. He's met so many of them, these children of the gods, at such terribly youthful ages. It seems a bit sad, to take her, if sadness were part of what he does. Her potential seems wasted, cut off before fully realized. Suffocation is never pretty, but he extends the privacy of the moment as best as possible. Hazel Levesque willingly brings death upon herself and her mother, and Death can feel the exact moment he's needed. There's recognition in her eyes that goes far beyond how most humans take to viewing him. And acceptance. Hazel accepted her death the moment she realized what was happening beneath the surface of this island and what she could do to stop it. It's admirable, which isn't a word he's been able to apply in years. She comes to him willingly, and it's always so much easier when they do that. (Her mother passes first, a fact she is unaware of, a fact Death does not feel the need to clarify.) It is the first time he takes her soul. It will not be the last. { an interlude , .i} The first time Death sees her, he can sense the Underworld inside her core, straight into her bones; he passes right by her, and their eyes meet for the briefest of moments, like she can see him. Perhaps she can. But she rushes down the stairs and out the building without sparing him a second glance. It's only when she returns home much later, after school and after the skies are dark, that she hears of her neighbor's passing from her mother, remarking simply with an, "I know." Children of Hades, or Pluto as it stands, have always seen him at least once before their time, but this one doesn't mention their paths crossing. It's the whispers echoing witch child in her wake that make him suspect it's not perhaps simple unawareness keeping her lips sealed. She's smart to recognize that broadcasting a death sense is more harmful than good. No one ever wants him to arrive, despite the inevitability. She seems to avoid him, after that. She avoids the homes of the elderly, skips school one afternoon when he comes for one of the nuns. He does not see her so directly again until 1941, though if he could sense himself coming, he might head in the opposite direction, too. ii. When Death comes for Sammy Valdez, it's a sweltering summer day in Texas, and he can hear too many people complaining about how the heat is going to kill them. It's funny, if that would be the proper word for it, because it's going to kill some of them, but definitely not all of them. He's such an old man, but he's ready and prepared as anyone can be. He won't be difficult to carry. Sammy looks up, and his smile doesn't quite reach his eyes. "Before I go anywhere with you," he starts, daring to point a finger at him. "I know this girl, and her story's just not done, you hear?" Some stories don't get to finish, is his careful reminder. But Sammy is having none of that. He laughs at Death, but it turns into the cough that will be his last. "Hers will," he says, with such confidence that for a moment Death actually believes him. "It's been paused. But it'll start right on up. When you see her again, tell her I done my best." One last question: who? "Hazel," he sighs affectionately. There's slight regret in it, too, but very few greet him without any. "She's got hardship ahead of her. Don't you dare get in her way." Hazel Levesque. He hasn't thought about the child in years. He can make no promises of Sammy's request, however, because Hazel is someone he has already carried away, light in his arms and far too accepting, with eyes worth more than any gold in a treasury. As he lifts Sammy Valdez gently, he wonders if perhaps the two of them will finally be reunited. iii. It's the start of the twenty-first century when Death feels her return, and no one could be blamed for the slight stumble, however much it is the first he can recall being so violently caught off guard. People simply do not return the same as they were before. Oh, he knows the rules of rebirth and abides, but this is not a rebirth. This is the same child of the gods he escorted decades ago, walking alive back on Earth as if she had never left. He feels cheated. But he doesn't go for her. There's something intrinsic warning him that right now is not her time. (Besides, hadn't it already passed?) Still, it's hard to ignore, not when he remembers her death and the way she could see right through him. Her name on Sammy Valdez's lips, recent enough to still be a fresh memory. Her eyes, gold and bright and powerful, they never did quite stop following him around. They were such a unique color, soft yet hard-edged at the same time, a gentleness despite the type of force her siblings of the Underworld usually bring. She looks over her shoulder at a constant, watching for him and ready to run. He kind of wants to tell her that he's not chasing, but doing so would mean he must start. It's best to leave her be, for the time being. It is her return, however, that alerts him to greater forces at play. He does not and will never carry the monsters into Tartarus, but the Doors of Death have slipped. Death, lowercase, isn't sticking. This is what has allowed that brother of hers to bring her back, why there is no point in attempting to right the mistake of her return. He wonders how many other particular and peculiar circumstances will be brought to light on the cusp of these circumstances. There is another war for these half-god children, barely months after the other has finished, and he will be busy. War always keeps him so. Humans don't change in that regard (nor do, apparently, the gods). The trend continues, and though it's mostly just monsters taking advantage of the situation, there are several cases where mortality is fickle (a speared Centurion, Gwen, they called her – whether or not it was her time was uncertain, another casualty of the Doors slipping, and it's frustrating to be so imprecise.) It's the easiest his job has been in years – his arms are light without any weight to carry – though it's very uncomfortable. There are rules to abide, and he is a fact of life – or at least, the end of life. iv. The doors are closed. Hazel herself takes care of one side, despite knowing what it might mean for her life. It's a very brave thing, but Death has always known this girl as a near model and epitome of bravery. It's strange to think it's not yet her time, when he has already carried her once. He thought he might have needed to come for her friends, those who closed the doors from the other side, trapped in hell – but their time fluctuates most curiously, like he can't quite pinpoint it from one day to the next. When he stops to consider it, their lives have always been more uncertain, since the day they were born. Choices, he thinks – when these children of the gods make choices, it offers delay or brings their time even closer. So few in the world manage that, and there has always been something fascinating about watching their lives unfold as he waits to meet them. And he thinks how interesting it might be, to keep watching Hazel's unfold, especially against what he has already witnessed of her second chance. This powerful girl who can shake the earth and manipulate perceptions. It's almost terrifying to think of how much stronger she will be given the years. v. There is a moment in the midst of their war against the Earth when Hazel's eyes meet his, and she dares to step in front of him. He holds her gaze for perhaps a second too long, but it's the way they darken at him that keeps him still – it's not the usual brightness he remembers, but perhaps something dangerous. It's a good color, highlights that ferocity he always felt inside her. Behind her, his intended soul for the evening, Frank Zhang – he struggles, desperately holding on to the flimsy piece of wood. He doesn't know whether to admire or admonish Juno for her interference. Hazel is not his target, and she seems to know that, but it hasn't stopped her from her own interference. "No," she hisses, the word surging through her like she's issuing an order of her rank; daughter of Pluto, of wealth and riches, with her steadfast refusal to adhere to the laws of Death many times over. "Hazel?" It's him, on his knees and cradling the wood as the embers eat it away; it's in his own eyes, he's counting down the time he has left. She glares at Death, and he sees a flash of her brother, that other boy who didn't like to play by the rules. Perhaps he's influenced her. Or perhaps she's always had that spark, simply without means to let it out. She turns her back on him, drops besides Frank and snatches the wood from his hands amidst protests – "Hazel, stop, you'll burn yourself!" – and she clutches it tight, cringing as the flames sizzle against her skin. It burns, painfully so, but she holds on tight until it's out and the scorched wood rests in her hands, where she holds it like it's more precious than any of the metals under her control. And just like that, this boy Frank's time is extended once more, but the burns on her hands are permanent. No one escapes bending the rules of death unscathed. Frank is making attempts to scold her, but she's having none of it. In fact, she turns, the look on her face daring Death to come any closer. Her experience in dealing with him is greater than most, perhaps too great, because he knows she would fight against him now – not even for her own sake, but for the young man she sits besides. No one has blended the line between life and death so finely as Hazel Levesque, and no one would risk so much like she is now. The son of Mars owes much to her mere existence. She is so much smaller than him, but her presence is greater in this moment. vi. He remembers when the children used to call her 'witch child,' as a derogatory, as an insult – the way they'd try to steal her lunch and torment her for matters far beyond her control. He took souls lost at the expense of her diamonds, listening as they cursed Marie Levesque to hell and back. He remembers the diamonds and remembers the temptation to lift one up