Annabeth has done many great things in her life. She's pretty sure making it out of Tartarus alive gives her a free pass on a lot of other things as well as topping said list of Important Achievements. But she's a few weeks shy of eighteen, one of the oldest kids at Camp, and she still doesn't know how to drive a car. She turned sixteen in the middle of a war, and the day itself had passed by relatively uneventful. She spent the summer at Camp, started going to school in Brooklyn, and New York City is practically built on public transportation. Between subways and buses and general traffic, commuting by car when you live there is edging on ridiculous, unless you're leaving the city and going far beyond it. Besides, who would have taught her? Boarding schools full of nuns and girls who can't drive either make for poor teachers. She didn't even get her permit right away, having made the plans to do so over winter break, when she had more time. And then Percy went missing, so her time quickly became once again consumed with the affairs of the gods, in finding him, in preparations for another war barely half a year after the first was over. Searching for him and constructing the Argo II sort of became the priority over driving cars. And then a million things were the priority over driving cars, but she did learn how to steer a flying ship. Really, how much different could it be? Apparently a lot different, is the begrudging admittance, as she finds herself behind the wheel of Paul's prius with Percy in the passenger seat. How she let him talk her into this, she has no idea. Actually, that's a total lie. No one else at Camp seemed to know she couldn't drive, and though she wasn't exactly ashamed , excuses always fell into place conveniently; it's not like demigods often kept a hold on cars anyway, with destruction rates as high as they were. But Percy knew. Because he's Percy, and he knows just about everything about her, though it was always a non-issue. If there's anyone she can trust with something she doesn't know, it's him. It's not like she could ask her dad. Or Chiron. Or anyone else. Percy's been behind the wheel on and off since Paul let him drive illegally at fifteen – but when you're off to save the world, being a fifteen year old driver is probably the least of anyone's concern. Still, Annabeth danced around the favor for weeks once she realized she should probably learn, and it was Percy himself who – for once – seemed to pick up on it, asking her first. It was one of the new campers asking Annabeth for a ride into the city that triggered it, the furrowed look on her face that only he can recognize as frustration with missing information, and he volunteered Clarisse for it instead. ("Jackson, you punk , you owe me. Again.") "Let me teach you how to drive." Simple, casual, absolutely nothing teasing or condescending, and maybe it helped that he'd spoken it in the morning, tangled in blankets and limbs with the curtains still pulled shut and the sun trying to peer through in vain. For having the ocean inside of him, he's still very warm. "Okay," she'd said, and a week later, here they were, on an empty stretch of back roads about twenty minutes outside Queens, but barely a mile from the ocean. His eyes are practically sparkling, and she can't tell if it's the aforementioned proximity to his home turf, or the secret pleasure at knowing something Annabeth does not (it's a rare occurrence he needs to treasure while he can). Probably both. Her knuckles aren't quite white, despite the tighter than necessary grip on the steering wheel. The vehicle's not even moving yet, but she doesn't want to mess this up. She's not twelve years old and adamant about perfecting everything on the first try anymore, but there's something about driving that she's particularly determined over. "Make sure it's in drive." "I know that!" "But you haven't moved it from park yet." "I know that, too ," she hisses, and one of her hands moves to the gear stick. She glances down, pressing her foot into the break like Percy told her to, and with three clicks, the prius shifts into drive. Her hand immediately jumps back to the wheel. Ignoring Percy for the moment, she glances around in her mirrors, adjusting the rear view for the umpteenth time. "Annabeth, as long as you can see out it, it's fine," he says calmly. It's such a weird manifestation of her ADHD, but it happens anyway. It needs to be perfect, and she hadn't even realized she'd been moving it so much until he pointed it out. But just – one more adjustment, tilting the mirror slightly downward, and she's finally satisfied. "When you're ready, move to the gas pedal. Press gently." It turns out she needs another thirty seconds, but she does just that; learning is easy for children of Athena, especially in something hands on. Or feet on. The car starts moving, creeping forward inch by inch because her current version of gentle is maybe a little too gentle. "You're not driving a snail, you know." "Shut up!" But it serves its purpose, because Annabeth presses her foot down a little harder, and the car goes faster. They're only going in a straight line, but so far so good and even if it's not much, she's pleased with herself. She's pretty sure taxis in a traffic jam go faster than they're trucking along right now, but she needs to get used to everything. "Try turning the wheel." "But there aren't any turns." "Uh, duh. That's why this is just practice." She grumbles something, but tentatively turns the steering wheel a fraction to the left. He beams at her, and something warm bubbles in her gut, because that look on his face is stupid. He distracts her a little too long, because then he's glancing out at the road, and he puts one hand over hers, stopping the wheel in place. "Too much!" Annabeth can feel her face burning. She'd lost her focus, staring at him all stupidly, and her hands continued turning the wheel far too much to the left, though at least it hadn't been anything sudden or jerky. Still, she's supposed to be d riving ; if Percy can handle distractions successfully on the road, so can she. She shoves his hand off, and her grip tightens again, a little determinedly. He chuckles, not with malice, but it huffs her up anyway. Without waiting for instructions, she steps on the gas again, a little harder, and starts down the road. They continue in silence for about half a mile, and then the road actually does start to curve. Her brain reacts, and with what she knows of the vehicle thus far, Annabeth calculates like she does best, and she turns the wheel successfully. Aside from the occasional instruction or remark from Percy, her first endeavor behind the wheel goes well. And of course (she doesn't know why she hadn't thought about it before), their end destination is literally alongside the beach. Percy unbuckles and slams over, one hand at her waist to tug so he can plant a kiss on her cheek. "That was perfect." He looks so dumbly proud of her, and every word is infused with the kind of earnest honesty Percy Jackson obliviously perfected. "No it wasn't," she replies, but her face breaks into a smile anyway. "But I'll do better next time." "I know you will." And then he's practically dragging her out of the car, bounding for the sand and surf; the water's not all that warm this early in the summer, but he runs through the shallows anyway. When she scoffs at him, Annabeth finds herself being scooped up bridal style, and her shriek is a threat of death if he drops her in the ocean. He doesn't, but he does kiss her a few times. She's pretty okay with that. She refuses to drive anywhere but that back road until she gets more comfortable, and with the amount of times they end up at the beach after, Annabeth's pretty sure Percy doesn't mind. She's beginning to suspect he scoped out the location on purpose. But one day: "I think you're ready for a busier road." There's a moment of panic, but it's gone as quickly as it came. She'd been thinking about it, too, but wavered whether it was her own potentially dangerous self-confidence or actual preparedness. Having him bring it up first helps cement the latter (and she's a lot more wary about the former since Rome). The car's in park, so she turns to look at him, the grin on her face caught somewhere between awkward but pleased. "Yeah. Yeah, I want to try somewhere else. The same thing over and over isn't going to help." His face brightens. "No more beach pitstops, but I guess I can let that slide." Annabeth rolls her eyes. They switch off, though, Percy walking around to take the driver's seat while she crawls over to the passenger, and he takes them both a little closer to the city. It's still more suburban than urban, but Annabeth's eyes are flashing around, studying the sights. "Shouldn't I go somewhere I know for this part?" He drums his fingers on the wheel. "We could, if you want to. But technically, wouldn't anywhere be unknown? Since you've never driven anywhere else before." "Don't be a smartass," she chides. It was a genuine question, because she still wants and needs to do this right. He gets that, though. "Honestly, Annabeth, it's up to you. You should know better than anyone that everyone learns differently." He's right, of course. She hates when that happens. But she also knows she likes a challenge, and really, there aren't many suburban areas this side of the United States she's all that familiar with. So she urges him on, and he pulls over into a parking lot, hopping out so she can retake the driver's seat. It takes her another five minutes to psych herself up to pull out of said parking lot, but Percy doesn't pressure or tease her; he has a surprising amount of patience in this, for which she's infinitely grateful. Admitting she doesn't know how to do something is difficult enough without the teacher reminding her of it. The road is hers alone for three stop signs and two left hand turns, and she settles comfortably into the beat of it. The occasional glance at Percy's face tell her he's got a near constant smile, and it almost makes her smile, too. If only she wasn't concentrating so hard. The blue sedan comes up slowly behind her; she watches it in the rear view mirror, moving from bug sized to a car's length behind her. She's struck with a wave of nerves, because, well, the speed limit's 40 and she's only going 35. What if they get annoyed? What if they start tailgating? What if they drive by and flip her off and she swerves to avoid them and crashes into a line of trashbins, denting Paul's prius? He'd never speak to her again. Except the prius took a Pegasus to the hood and survived, and the sedan stays patiently behind her. She breathes a little easily, chastising herself as she pulls up to another stop sign. "Go right," Percy says, even though he'd originally said go left earlier. A glance in the side mirror shows the sedan's blinker is on left, and she realizes he noticed her mini thought train of panic, changed the route to account for it, but in a way that didn't draw attention to it. A part of her immediately thinks to