1 Who Are You Every morning, since the day my life changed, I went through the same routine, no matter what. The day my story starts was no different: I woke up at six, went to the bathroom to take a piss and take care of my morning wood, brushed my teeth and my hair, and then braced myself for another day of wondering if she'd finally succeed. Once I'd convinced myself that I was being stupid, I left the bathroom, and walked to the bedroom door that was always right next to mine and always locked, and I knocked gently, holding my breath until I got an answer. "Alice?" I called, knocking gently once more. I pressed my ear to the door and listened for her usual waking sounds, and sighed in relief when I heard the dainty clearing of my sweet baby sister's throat. "You can come in, Edward," she said, and I reached up to pull the key off the top of the doorframe. I stuck it in the lock and turned quickly so I could see for myself that she was still okay. As soon as Alice came into view, the tension released from my shoulders and I tucked the key into my pajama pants pocket so I could put it back where it belonged once we had our chat. "Come on, Edward. Don't you ever wear a shirt?" Alice exclaimed, sounding so much like her old self that I felt a smile involuntarily break over my face. "Hell, Alice. With a body like mine, why should I have to?" I joked back, walking into the room so I could sit next to her on her bed. I slung an arm over her shoulder and pulled her to my chest, pressing my face against her short, dark hair. It used to be so long and pretty, and always so soft. But when my parents told us we were moving, she'd decided to cut it all off and start 'fresh'. "How you doing today, pixie?" I asked, releasing her. Just as I was hoping she would, she slapped her tiny hand against my bicep at the nickname I'd been calling her since before either of us could remember. "I'm feeling okay, Eddie," she replied, giggling when I poked her in the side when she used my most hated nickname in response. "That's good. Can I help you change your bandages?" I softened my voice and stroked her hair in the way I knew she liked to make her feel more comfortable. She looked away to hide her expressive green eyes –so much lighter than my own- from me. "Yeah. I guess we should just get it over with." I sighed and scooted a few feet away from her on the bed, waiting until she was ready. After a few moments of taking deep breaths that made her shoulders lift almost all the way to her ears, she held her arms out to me and nodded slightly. I reached forward and held my breath as I slowly unwrapped the bright white bandages from her wrists, schooling my expression so she didn't see the slew of emotions I was trying to hold back. When both her forearms were unwrapped, I gently grabbed them in my hands and twisted them back and forth so I could get a good look at them. Across both of her wrists were slash marks, varying in depth, length, direction, and age, so both of her arms look like she'd drawn random lines across them with different shades of red and pink marker. Even after seeing them every day since she got out of the hospital, each one still felt like a knife to my heart, when I thought of all the pain my poor baby sister went through. Each one had a different story, all of which I knew: the oldest one, completely healed and only about a half an inch long across the center of her wrist, was from her first day of high school back in Alaska, when a girl had tripped her in the hallway just for something to laugh with her friends about. Another one, further up her arm and more slanted, was from when another girl made fun of her for being short during their lunch period. Or another one, starting at her palm and running lengthwise up her arm for about two inches, from the day she got her algebra test back with a big, red F on top and a small note written in the same shade to stay after class and speak with her teacher. And most of the other ones, some just scars and some scabbed over, from the times where a boy named Peter, who told her he loved her and wanted to be with her, would get angry and tell her she was worthless and stupid. And worst of all, the deepest ones, running from the insides of both wrists to the outsides, from after Peter forced her to have sex with him and then left her bleeding and in pain in the bathtub of our old house, after he told her he had what he wanted from her and never wanted to see her again, after he explained how he'd been fucking her best friend Charlotte behind her back and laughing at her the whole time, after he told her he never loved her and she was stupid for ever thinking he did. The two that she had meant to take her life, still red and scabbed and angry looking, still sewn together with stitches that wouldn't be removed for one more week. My eyes and throat burned with the need to cry for my sweet baby sister. She was only fifteen, and she'd already felt so miserable in her life that she'd wanted to die. And I hadn't even noticed until I got home from a friend's house to find her lying in the bathtub, drenched in her own blood, crying about Peter and begging me to make the pain stop, to make everything just go away. I'd picked her up and got her to the hospital in record time, holding in my emotions until the doctors had taken her away from me. I stayed with her, fighting back my thoughts, until she'd been in stable condition and the doctors had told my parents and I that she'd live, but that she'd have to stay in the mental health facility on suicide watch until they were sure she wasn't going to hurt herself again. Then, when she'd promised me she was okay, I'd left the hospital in my parent's car and tracked down Peter, and kicked the worthless piece of shit's ass. I let out all of my pent up anger and hurt and sadness and grief and pain out on him, until a few of his friends finally pulled me off of him and punched me hard enough in the head to knock me out. "I'm okay, Edward. Really, I'm better." Alice's sweet voice pulled me out of my memories, and I shook my head at myself so I could get back to making sure she really was okay. I leaned down and barely ghosted my lips over her tender wrists before picking up the rolls of gauze on her bedside table and wrapping them around her arms. She didn't even flinch, so used to having me help her that it didn't even faze her anymore. Once I was finished, I kissed her forehead and told her I had to get ready to go to school, my first day as a senior at Forks High School. "Okay. I'll see you later, big brother," she told me, smiling up at me. I smiled back and ruffled her hair, jumping back and laughing when she smacked at me again. "Later, little sis," I replied, walking out of her room and closing the door behind me. I locked the door again and returned the key to its regular spot on the doorframe, and went to get ready for school. And just like every other morning, all I could picture in my head was the defeated look in her eyes the morning she woke up in the hospital when she'd realized she'd failed, and that she was still alive. I walked into Forks High School with my head held high, determined not to seem like the timid new kid. All at once, the hallway went silent, and countless pairs of eyes turned to me. I kept walking past all the students and into the front office, where it only took a few minutes for the receptionist behind the front desk to hand me my schedule and locker assignment. As I headed towards my locker, I studied my schedule, sighing when I saw that I had Chemistry first period. Chemistry had always been too easy to really keep my attention, so I knew I'd be bored the entire lecture. Once I found my locker, I put in the combination and opened it, sighing again as I started stacking my new books and supplies onto the shelves. I was about half way finished when I felt someone step up beside me, and I turned to meet the eyes of a guy who looked about my age, with spiky blonde hair and a letterman jacket. "Hey, man, I'm Mike," he said, holding his hand out to me. I stuffed my mostly empty book bag into my locker and took his hand in my own, giving it a firm shake. "Edward," I replied. "Welcome to Forks High. You play any sports?" I raised my eyebrow at him and was about to respond when something caught my attention. There was a girl walking down the hallway, wearing dark, nondescript clothing covering every inch of skin from her neck to her feet. But what caught my attention was her curtain of gorgeous, long, wavy brunette hair that caught the sunlight streaming in through the window, showing off streaks of red that could only be natural. I'd never paid any particular attention to anyone's hair before, but this girl's hair made me swallow hard and have to restrain myself from running up to her and just burying my face in it to see if it smelled as great as it looked. "Who is that ?" I asked, directing Mike's attention to the girl. He checked her out from head to toe and grinned. " That is Isabella Swan. She's hot, right? But she doesn't date." I bit the inside of my cheek to hide my smile at the bitterness in his voice, wondering if she really just didn't date, or if she just wouldn't date him. "Seriously, dude," he said as I continued to stare until she turned a corner and disappeared from view. "She doesn't even have any friends. Total loner chick. Might as well give it up before you start." I shrugged and smiled at him before taking my backpack back out of my locker and shutting it. "I have to get to class, man. It was nice meeting you, Mike." He nodded at me and hurried to catch up with a few guys walking away, and I pulled the map the receptionist had given me of the school out of my backpack and started following it to first period Chemistry. The bell rang before I even made it halfway to class, so I picked up my pace and found the room pretty easily. Taking a deep breath to brace myself, I knocked softly on the door, hoping I wasn't interrupting a test or something and that the teacher wouldn't get pissed at me. "Ah, yes, Edward," the teacher said, beckoning with his hand that I join him at the front of the room. He turned back to address the class. "Class, this is Edward. He'll be joining in the lab today so help him when he needs it. Edward, you can go have a seat over by Bella.