Against The Grain. Against the grain-Against one's instincts, English Idiom. Chapter 1 "And the female tribute for District Seven is…Johanna Mason!" The first emotion I feel is relief, it sweeps through me so quickly I almost cry out with it. Then I remember my Grandpa's advice ' Look weak! ' I let out a small cry of fear and then make it look like I'm attempting to stifle it. The other girls part for me as I make my way up to the stage, I see Acacia look at me and then try to smile in support but it looks more like a grimace and I can see the relief in her eyes, relief that it's not her. I trip on my way up to the stage, my shoes are my mother's and are still too big, instead of catching myself I allow myself to fall heavily onto the wooden stage. It hurts and it helps the tears to form. The escort, Eloise Barnet, comes and helps me to my feet and then guides me over to the centre of the stage. She is stick thin with the exception of enormous breasts which must be surgically altered because they are just too big to fit her frame. She's wearing a brown dress which looks so short it could be a top. Her hair is green as it is every year at The Reaping, to show that she's happy to be the escort for District Seven, Lumber. We've not had a victor for a few years but it could be worse, eleven and twelve haven't had victors for decades. "Oopsy-Daisy, now for the boys." Her hand spends a ridiculous amount of time in the reaping bowl, trying to ramp up the tension or keep her face, or breasts, on the screen for as long as possible. Up close her face is freakishly smooth, she doesn't even have laughter lines, and her hair is black at the roots, like the tree will soon die of a gruesome disease. I look around at the crowd, my hands in my pockets pinching my legs so hard that tears come and fall quickly. The adults avoid my gaze, they never like to look too long at the tributes, don't want them to know how relieved they are that it is not their children looking back at them. I'm so glad that Grandpa stayed at home, this would have been too painful for him, probably would have killed him on the spot before the cancer had chance. "The male tribute for District Seven is…Oak Cross!" I recognise the name and when the boy steps forward I realise why, he's one of the most popular boys in school. It's his last year so he must be eighteen, almost free of the reaping but not quite. He's a couple of years ahead of me and I've never spoken to him, I'm glad of that now. His mother shrieks and is held up by her husband who also looks distraught. Oak struts over to the stage with no sign of fear on his face. He reminds me of the way the Careers face The Reaping, as if they had planned the whole thing. "Excellent, well I give you the tributes of District Seven for the seventy-first Hunger Games, Johanna Mason and Oak Cross, shake hands." Oak puts his massive hand out and I keep my eyes down as I shake, I'm pleased to note that his hand has a slight tremor, fear. "Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be ever in your favour!" She lets out a girlish giggle that grates on my every nerve, we will not get on well. The crowd applauds and a few people shout out Oak's name, clearly friends of his or some of his many admirers. Eloise and some Peacekeepers walk us into the justice building and lead us into separate rooms. "You'll have an hour with your visitors, to say bye-bye." Eloise says, beaming at me, I nod and sit on the nicest sofa I have ever seen. Eloise has a reputation of treating the tributes like toddlers, her patronising manner will not sit well with me, I've not been a child for a long time now. I expect no one to come, my Grandpa is days away from death and I have no other family. I'm surprised when the door opens and Acacia slips in, looking unsure of the welcome she will receive. "Hi." I say, wiping away the forced tears. I wonder if she thinks they are real. We used to be friends, best friends, she must know I'm acting. "Hi." She replies, awkwardly. We haven't really spoken in months, I've been taking care of Grandpa and our friendship seemed to fade. At first she used to come around and sit with me but lately I've only seen her at school, with her new friends. "Oh Johanna, I'm so sorry!" She says, breaking down and running over to hug me. I rub her back, comforting her which is surely the wrong way around. I've never been a hugger, my mother used to hug me all the time and any other hug would not be the same. "It's okay, better than the community home." I say, with an optimistic smile. "Is it?" She asks, pulling away. I've been paying close attention to the kids at the community home, trying to figure out if any of them look happy or cared for. I had considered running away when Grandpa died but now I won't have to. "You've seen the kids from there, that Lucy doesn't say a word and the others are covered in bruises and…" "But this is the Hunger Games , it's to the death!" I ignore this, shaking my head. "Will you look in on Grandpa? He won't last long, maybe a week at the most, please Acacia." "Of course I will, I'll ask Mom to make him some food and take it over. She'll understand, we'll take care of him, to the end." I'm surprised by this, I suspect that it will be Mrs Burton and not Acacia that takes care of him, she'd take care of the whole world if she could. She wanted to adopt me but she's already got six children and the mayor wouldn't allow it. "Thank you." I say, relief again flooding through me. "Maybe you could win?" She says, her eyes down so I know she doesn't believe it. "You're a born survivor!" She looks up at me and I know exactly what she's referring to. "I can't hide in a tree this time, there might not even be trees." God, I hope there are trees. "It worked for that girl last year…for a bit." "She lost her mind, I'd rather die than…" I remember the scream that the Cresta girl made when her fellow tribute was beheaded. Grandpa left the room, muttering darkly about the Capitol. I'm fairly sure that he was one of the rebels that escaped prison and execution but I've never found the courage to ask him about it. Now I'll never know, I'll never see him again. "Don't give up…" Acacia says, squeezing my hand. "Grandpa gave me some advice, I'm going to follow it. Tell him I love him, please." "I will, take this." She pulls up her sleeve and tugs off a woven bracelet. I made it for her, years ago. I still have mine on so I take it off and hold it out. "We'll swap." I say, with a small smile, we used to swap them all the time when we were little, when everything was better and the thoughts of The Reaping were still years away. "Yes, I'm really sorry I haven't helped more…" "I didn't ask you to Cia, don't feel bad. Look after yourself." "Don't worry about me! Could I ask you one favour?" As she's going to feed my dying Grandpa, or get her mother to, I can't really refuse. "Yeah, what?" "Oak." "What about him?" I didn't know that she had spoken to Oak. We're not really with the 'in' crowd at school, although perhaps Acacia has changed in the past few months and I've been too distracted to notice. "Don't kill him." "Why?" Has she been seeing Oak? The thought is almost ludicrous. He's older and Acacia isn't the prettiest girl in the school, not by a long shot. "For Maple, she's…she's pregnant, she's only just told me, our parents don't know yet, but Oak's the father." I'm surprised by this, Maple has just turned nineteen but I've never thought of her as the kind of girl that would get pregnant young, she was the smartest in her class at school. She got the best job in the lumber office, an apprentice accountant. She's a complete geek. "I…does he know?" "Yes, well he will soon, she's gone to see him now." I'd love to be a fly on the wall in that room. "Are they like…together?" It's weird to be gossiping when I'm only a few minutes away from being led to my eventual premature death. "Ha! No, he's Oak Cross! He's got like ten girlfriends but…Maple, she hopes he'll change. If he wins they'll…" "Be rich and I'll be dead." I say, unable to keep the coldness out of my voice. "I shouldn't have asked." She says, standing up. "I'll try not to, I promise." "Thanks Johanna, good luck." She stands up and I do too, we have a small hug and then she leaves and I'm left alone. After twenty minutes the door opens and a Peacekeeper escorts me to the steps of the building. I join up with Eloise and Oak. Eloise brushes non-existent dust from my dungarees and I try not to slap away her hand. There are also the two mentors waiting, Blight and Cynthia. Blight won four years ago when he was eighteen. Cynthia is at least seventy so I didn't see her Games. They're both known to dabble in Morphling but they aren't quite drug addicts, yet. I get into a car and it moves quietly, unlike the Timber Lorries which shake the houses as they go past in the morning, an alarm clock that the whole district uses. Oak is talking to Blight about all the weapons he can use, I stare out of the window. We pass my house and I see the door open and a man standing there, he has a red cross on his bag. "Wait!" I shout, the others look at me and the Peacekeeper hesitates, the car brakes slightly. "Why?" Blight asks, his voice is deeper than I remember but it suits his face. He looks scary. "My Grandpa, please…he's dying…the doctor's there! Just let me say goodbye, please!" Tears burn behind my eyes and Cynthia tells the driver to stop. Blight gets out, mutters something to the Peacekeeper and then holds my elbow as we move to the house, perhaps making sure I won't run off. "Is he…?" I start but the doctor interrupts me. "Nearly, say goodbye, perhaps don't tell him about The Reaping, he's not got long, he won't see any of it." I nod and Blight walks behind me. My house is a simple log cabin, like most in the district. The smell of pine is everywhere and at certain times of the year it's stifling and contaminates every bite of food, every sip of water. When I reach the room his breathing is so loud I know he's much worse than when I left him this morning. "Grandpa?" I ask, his eyes flutter open, his blue eyes clearly showing a combination of pain and relief. "Jo…" He murmurs, looking at me hopefully. "Yes, it's okay, I wasn't chosen. I'm here." I've never been a good liar but I'm going to have to learn quickly. "Thank God, thank God!" His voice is so weak, I glance at Blight in the corner and he edges out of the room,