Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings, Middle-Earth, etc. It is the property of Tolkien, et. al. The man was a genius, and should be revered as such. I'm just playing in his world. Rose's eyes shot open and looked around the room wildly. She was on a bed. Tall ceilings. Gothic-inspired architecture, it would seem. Large windows. There were other beds across from hers. Two doors to her left, one partially open - not enough to see to the room beyond, however. Then she - slowly, as she wasn't sure quite what had happened yet - turned her head to the right to the elderly man sitting by her bedside. "Hello." Rose croaked out, capturing the man's attention. He smiled. "Hello." Silence passed between them for another moment before she tried to speak again. "May I ask where I am?" "You may." A few moments passed. "Would you answer me truthfully?" "I might." She smiled ruefully. Not even awake five minutes and she was already making friends, she mused. His smile opened up more before he adjusted his position and reached for a glass of water on the table beside him. He held it to her lips, catching any drops that fell out as she drank. She sighed contentedly and sat up a little, taking her time. He nodded appreciatively. "Always the wisdom of a woman." She chuckled a little before looking at her wrapped hands. Her smile faded as she clenched her fists experimentally. No real pain; just a dull ache. She supposed that was an improvement, considering she didn't know her original condition. She only knew the fire; the hobbits... Strider... the Nazgul... she looked back up at the old Wizard. "I suppose you might tell me what happened?" It wasn't a question, but a request. He obliged. "You had a great part in protecting the others when the Nazgul came. You were very brave, though greatly injured in the process. You and Frodo were brought here. The others followed as swiftly as they could, arriving about a week after you." "So how long have I been... asleep?" She asked, cursing her lack of ability with the common language. How could she have a complete conversation at one moment, yet not know a simple word like unconscious the next? "Three weeks." She sighed. "Am I right in suggesting that this might be Rivendell? That you might be Gandalf the Grey? I thought I had seen your face before, in Bree. I took care of your horse." He nodded, pleased. "You were the stable hand? I suppose it was not hard for you to pass as a boy; your hair at least allows it." Mimicking his nod, she looked towards the door as it opened. She gasped as a group of beautiful - there was no other way to describe them - people came into the room. The first elf that entered the room was surely Lord Elrond - Peredhel , as Strider had called him, which he said meant Half-Elven. When Rose had pressed for the story, Strider simply said that there were a few books on the subject, and that when they arrived in Rivendell she should read them. Elrond was tall, as all Elves were, according to Strider, and broad shouldered. His long, dark hair was much longer than Rose's own, whose had only just reached her neck after seven months of being in Middle-Earth. He smiled at her kindly, his grey eyes sparkling as if he knew her thoughts. Rose did not discount this, and looked at the other members of the group. There were three that looked much like Elrond, and she mused that they must be relations, for they were all with dark hair like he, and their eyes were much the same. The two males were twins, and beautiful creatures, but the female was absolutely breathtaking. Rose wondered if she was not Luthien, though Strider had said that Luthien was no more. The last two could not have been more different than night and day. They were both tall, and held warrior's stances, but that was where their similarities ended. One had blond hair, luminous as the sun, with bright, passionate blue eyes. The other's hair was velvety-black as night, with dark eyes, intelligent and probing, always alert. The light was most assuredly a warrior, Rose mused, turning her attention back to Elrond, but the other was more defensive than offensive, more like a mother bear than a lion. Elrond looked amused at her observations, and took her hand in his. They were large, with long fingers. Healing hands , she mused. "I am glad you have come back to us, my child. We were afraid that we had lost you to the darkness." "No, my Lord, it is I who should be grateful. I am in your debt entirely, sir." "Regardless of who is thanking who," Gandalf interrupted, "we must decide what fate befalls our young charge here. In order to do that, we need some information from you, my dear." the old wizard smiled at her. She looked at him, confused. "I can not think of information that might help you, sir, as I am honestly not sure that it helps me." "Perhaps you may start with your name and where you hail from, milady." One of the twins mentioned. Elrond shot him a look, and he looked away, quieted. Elrond turned back to Rose. "As Elladan has so kindly suggested, perhaps that is where we should start." he said gently. Rose smiled, amused at the elder relation's rebuke of the younger. "I am - was - called Rose in my homeland. When I came to Bree, I was able to pass as a stable hand. I was called Galeson, because the night I arrived was the night of a most severe storm. "As for where I am from, it is farther than even the Elves could go, and I...can not return." her face fell as she voiced this realization for the first time. The others looked in the room looked confused. All except for Gandalf and Lord Elrond. "Do you mean you are from the East? We have been as far as the Sea of Rhun..." the other twin said. Rose shook her head. "As I said, it is beyond the reach of anyone of this land. But since I can not go back, I must try to find my place in this world. Though it saddens my heart to say so, my Lord, for what I have seen of your domain is beautiful," she turned back to Elrond, "I will release you of my burden as soon as I am able." "Where shall you go, child?" the dark intellectual questioned, drawing looks from his companions. Rose stared at her hands, playing with the covers over her legs. "I know not, my Lord." "If my Lord Elrond permits it, I must ask that you remain here, child." "Erestor..." the blond Elf turned to his companion, looking at him with some intensity. No, more than companion, realized Rose with awe. A relationship like that was obviously not unheard of where she was from; several of her friends had lovers of the same sex, but here... she wondered how open their society allowed them to be. Elrond looked hard at the one called Erestor for a few long moments. Erestor gave him the same stare, refusing to back down from his lord. The others simply looked between the two, unsure of what would happen. Then Elrond smiled as if satisfied with what he found, and nodded. "These are indeed difficult times that we live in, Rose," the Lord of Rivendell started, "so perhaps Erestor is prudent in requesting that your prescence remain, especially in light of your situation." Rose simply stared. It was all she could do, as she tried to process what was happening. "You shall not be a burden, child," the Elf continued, "for we shall make your time here helpful to all parties involved. Though you are a little over the age for fostering, we can make you a part of the household, as the Lady Arwen's maiden. You can and shall be taught how to live among Elves and Men of this land." Rose blinked a few times, slowly. She was going to be a part of his household? He barely knew her. How could he trust her so? Refusing to bend to her thoughts, he continued. "My companions shall be your tutors, teachers, mentors, and guides. It would seem that Erestor, my head of household, and Elladan, one of my sons, have already made themselves especially known." Each nodded to her in turn. Elrond then gestured to the blond elf, who nodded and smiled reassuringly at her. "Glorfindel, one of my chief counsellors." He then turned to the last two of his party. "Elrohir," he gestured to the other twin who had also spoken during the interview," my other son, and the Lady Arwen, my daughter." The she-elf smiled kindly at Rose, who was immediately put at ease. Perhaps being her maiden shall not be so bad , she thought. "My foster-son, Estel, is out at the moment, but he shall return ere long, and you shall know him. These will be your council. Should you require it, they will be here, as you will be here for them. Is this acceptable for you, child?" Rose could only nod into those all-seeing eyes. Elrond turned at last to Gandalf. "Mithrandir, my friend, I believe we have much to discuss. Shall we?" The old grey wizard, who looked thoroughly amused throughout the exchange, nodded and rose from his vigil. "Sleep now, Rose. You have heard much in as little time." he said, placing a soothing hand on her forehead before sweeping out the door with the elves. Erestor spared her one last lingering look before closing the door behind him. Rose fell back against her pillows with a 'whoosh' of air escaping her lungs. It would seem that she now had a place in this world. For now, at any rate. She also wondered at the interest that Erestor had taken in her. What could it mean? I have much still to learn about this world, she mused as she closed her eyes, and let sleep envelope her. "You must forgive me, my lord. I understand that for an Elf, Man's wisdom must seem short-sighted, at best, but it is what we are taught, for we do not have the unending time or patience that you have been blessed with." Erestor gave a small smile and turned away a little. Rose frowned slightly as comprehension overwhelmed her, and confused her. "You do not see your immortality as a blessing." She stated, slowly, trying to convince herself of it. Erestor suddenly turned to her and held her face in his hands. He looked deeply into her eyes, looking for something that she was not sure of, and kissed her brow. "Your short time here is a gift, my dear. We are forced to see friends pass, the lands change, the very foundations of this land grow ever older with us. I can not help but think that sailing into the Undying Lands was our gift from the Valar." Rose blinked, trying to wrap her head around this new feeling. She understood Elves a little now, especially the elder ones. "Because Men have such a short time, you appreciate what you have more, I believe. We preserve what we can, but when you grow old enough for history to repeat itself, it wearies the bones." He smiled at her, one that she returned with fondness. She took her hands in his, hoping he would not think her bold. "My lord, it is good that you and your kin are still here, if only for a short while longer. Men have much to learn from you, and it is sad that not many appreciate it. I could