Author's notes: This is my first D/G long fanfic in English, ever… and the craziest plot bunny I've had so far (Spanish version is on its way, yay!). So, please, pretty please, have some mercy if you happen to find any (or many) language horrors. I'll take this first chapter as some sort of "pilot" to the rest of the fic, since it's been a hard work to finish it; possible corrections might be made in the near future. Reviews will be highly appreciated! :) All in all, I hope you enjoy it! Chapter 1 Mindless " We are our own memory, we are that chimerical museum of changing shapes, that heap of broken mirrors."- Jorge Luis Borges How long had he been there, staring at her sinuous figure graciously contoured by the dim light, he did not know. A faint glimmer of crystals penetrated his gray irises intermittently, sometimes diving into his eyes and giving them a silver appearance. Where did it come from, anyway? Maybe it was the moonlight entering through the picture windows behind her, pale and silver reflexes delicately touching the curve of her thighs and making her look like a crystal sculpture… or the small candles floating above them with sparks of gold and purple and blood red, fading into darkness when they touched her pupils. Or maybe fireworks exploding in the night sky, making of her a trophy for the gods; or a bloody supernova taking away the whole galaxy; he didn't care. He couldn't have cared less. The Firewhisky in front of him had been pleading to be kissed by his dry mouth for a long, long time… so he finally obliged, because, shite. He was so royally screwed. Closing his eyes and tossing his head back, he tried to remember how he had ended up there. The hypnotic music and the red and golden lights which kept the place mostly in shadows didn't help him to concentrate. He was sitting on that disturbingly familiar red duvet chair, feeling like a total creeper while staring at her with a hunger he had never experienced before, wanting so many things. Unthinkable things. Because he remembered the recurrent dreams and the shame, because she could have been in her Griffindor quidditch uniform riding some useless old piece of rubbish as a broom and, for Merlin's sake, he still would have felt the same way. But Hogwarts was a place too far from his memory now. This was a new era, with new forms of imprisonment and torture for those too brave not to kneel in front of the Regime. This was just one of the many, many gloomy places with scent of lavender and incense. A pleasure for the senses destined to satisfy the most demanding leaders… and a torture chamber for the poor little victims vanished from the system. At a first glance, he was in a pub, but not like those filthy muggle ones; it was the most exclusive secret place in all Wizarding Britain, and everything about it was inviting to those tainted enough to feel welcome by its darkness. The smell of Doxy Cigars and the grey smog, the little glass vials of illegal potions on display at the bar, the huge gorillas at the door (half-giants, he assumed), the dubious origin drinks placed in silver goblets, the floating candles burning blood-red and purple flames, the hooded figures staring slightly reclined over the wooden tables… and something, something right there that didn't seem to belong. Everyone around him could notice that petite figure contorting like a sea snake, fighting so helplessly to let go of the incarcerous spell that made her a prisoner of invisible chains. That vicious voice inside his mind kept repeating like a broken record the exact words when he first recognized her : Blood-traitor scum. Waste of pure magical blood. Beneath you. Filthy. Poor. Mudblood lover... If he could only touch her with his eyes, taste her like he was tasting the Firewhisky sliding down his throat, feel her inside, like the want was right now burning his core... … and the most fucking beautiful creature you have ever seen. "Sweet Salazar, have mercy…" he heard himself whispering, the final word more like a raspy groan deep from his throat. He could feel his own blood circulating, flowing like a desperate cry for completion towards his lower body, hitting the pit of his stomach with violent hot waves that were slowly descending to his groin. Over and over again, he gulped from the gold encrusted crystal bottle without savouring the burning heat, until he drained it completely. She was there, as if nothing had ever happened after school… as if the world had never been transformed into a dark, dismal place after the war, betraying any hopes of progress and prosperity for the Wizarding Kind. Her hair, red as blood and with a life on its own, curled in long, perfect locks and seemed to project crimson glimmers from within. Her petite figure, although it had been extremely thin from what he remembered her as a child, was now perfectly shaped in a curvy hourglass form, with strong legs and wide hips, generous breasts and a delicious rounded arse he craved to bury himself in. You bloody bastard, how could you , he cursed himself, not knowing exactly why. It was painful, seeing her there, in her underbust corset and tiny knickers… her back against the cold column, slowly sliding down until she sat on the marble floor, her legs opening so lightly not to reveal the sacred doors of Valhalla to mundane, undeserving mortals. No, not marble. Larvikite. Just like Malfoy Manor's ground floor. Interesting indeed. "That little one", said a low baritone voice beside him, waking him with a startle from the crimson realm in front of them. He slowly turned his most deadly stare to the young man, who now sat too comfortably on the chair on his right, as if marking new conquered territory. He couldn't see his face, hidden under his black velvet hood, though his lips were the only clear vision from his features, curving slowly into a smirk so incredibly similar as his own. "She's been waiting for you in this rotting hell for too long ", the mysterious man slowly continued, ignoring the evident murderous stare of the platinum blond by his side. "Oh, but the Gods know... I've made her so ready for you". Next, with a stylized gesture from his hand, he called the barmaid, a short haired veela and whispered into her ear a series of commands. Draco observed the whole sequence from the corner of his eye. He knew most of those places enslaved veelas by cutting their hair, an illegal practice since the New Regime. It remained, nevertheless, a common practice among the richest families all around Europe. Veelas were cleaner and definitely easier to the eyes than house elves, though less efficient… but the most significant difference was their unswerving loyalty. That was the reason why, after that pathetic house-elf Dobby, Father had acquired half a dozen veelas to control the existing house-elf population still working at the Manor. The moment they brought them inside, their hair was cut and old magic was performed, sealing their lives eternally at the service of their owners. Now they were humanoid creatures with glowing silver skin and dead eyes, a glimpse of their magnetic beauty sometimes emerging from the shadows. " Tragic , is it not?", the man seemed to read his thoughts, though a hint of amusement danced through his lips. "How our society has progressed... Living, pretty veelas are hunted and sold as exotic pets, servants... and other entertainments. Dead ones are the soul-eating jailers in our magical prisons." A small glass of a liquid tainted with red appeared in front of him, and he drank it in one sip. He continued after a long sigh. "Destiny likes symmetries, Mr. Malfoy. Sometimes they come as opposite events, but more rarely, things tend to repeat themselves." He fanned his fingers and two more glasses appeared. "If something as beautiful as a veela can be easily turned into the most disgusting copy of a living thing… Imagine what can be of us, wizards, if we ever reach the closest to perfection and then, suddenly… perish." "I'm not interested about humanoid creatures or quantum magical theories; drink your liquor and leave", Draco responded, clearly upset by the distraction this new company represented. "My, my... Are we having that conversation again? I had hoped you recognized me this time, but, oh well…", the young man said and took his hood off, revealing his whole face. Draco could see his sharp features, the rictus on his lips and the tiny dimples on his cheeks. The exquisite profile, the dark hair, the obscure look in his eyes. He was young, maybe younger than him, but he would never know for sure because the dim light made ghosts of them both. The young man was right, though. He had seen him before. And too many questions were running through his head right now. "I can understand if you don't remember my name, Draco Lucius... But, isn't it interesting that you cannot figure hers, either?", he snodded towards the redhead. "Never talked to her" Draco replied curtly, giving his eyes a glimpse of the heavely vision in the close distance. He wondered if any of the people around them knew her, or even cared to look at her to recognize she had been Potter's companion during the Second War. The man nodded, a ghost of that smirk still hanging from the corner of his lips. "Maybe this will help you remember", he offered, placing the drink in front of him. Draco hesitated a moment before taking it. He started by carefully inspecting it's contents by raising it to the faint light from a candle just above their table. Something in his neutral mask faded away and a deep frown emerged from his eyebrows. It looked like common wine, but it had something else, something he could feel . He smelled the liquid and an intense metallic smell penetrated his nostrils, wrinkling the perfect bridge of his nose, hiding his eyes behind shadows. "It can't be… ", the blond murmured in a slow tone, almost sibilant, while he surreptitiously slid his other hand into his robe, reaching for his wand. The man didn't seem to notice, instead he granted him with a scowl so similar to his own he could've sworn, in that instant, they looked like brothers. "Crotalus Magallanicus", the man whispered, raising a brow. Draco dropped the drink with enough strength it spilled its content on the table. "YOU OFFERED ME SNAKE BLOOD?" He stood abruptly, the luxurious chair screeching like the man's brilliant laugh, and in a flash, buried his wand right into the man's left cheek. Stabbing that hideous dimple of his. "Well, I considered it a nice gift, since right now it's probably worth more than your life", the young man chuckled, too amused to take any of it seriously. The blond didn't listen, instead he buried the wand deeper into his skin. "I see you got yourself a new wand", the stranger commented, his tone as calm as a summer breeze. He observed it for a few moments through the corner of his eye. "Ash wood. Phoenix feather core. Details of pine and pernambuco on the grip. Ah..!" He inclined his head a little, "... It is braided with black unicorn hair, as well" "The Magallanic snake bares a death curse in its blood", Draco spat, ignoring his words and burying his wand even more into the pale skin. "What makes you think I would ever drink it?" "Please, as if you had never drank anything worse than this…" was all he replied, almost like a whisper directly into his ears. Then Draco knew. He knew that voice had been someone else's, that it had been present