Leah knows she is different. From the moment she is conscious of the world around her, she notices oddities in the way others regard her. She pays no mind to it, initially, but it becomes all too alarming when she realizes that this does not happen to other girls . Adults, relatives of hers who Mom and Dad ask her to call "Aunty" and "Uncle", visit her house on occasion to see, apparently, her. Their faces brighten up all merry like and some other Aunty comes running to her, grabbing her round the waist and hugging her for all it is worth. Leah does not mind – she enjoys the attention and warmth that emanate from the adults surrounding her. The happy spell shatters, however, when every single Aunty who has ever visit asks her Mom the same question: "I thought you had a daughter?" It becomes awkward, afterwards, for Mom and Dad as Mom attempts to gently explain that yes, Leah is a girl. Aunty and Uncle always try to take this in stride and still smile and kiss her cheek and tell her she is a very pretty girl. This confuses Leah. Of course she is a girl, Mom told her so. She has always known. So she ignores this, but feels uncomfortable when yet another Aunty and Uncle show up and the scenario repeats itself. Again, and again, and again. Until all the Aunties and Uncles know that yes, Leah is a girl. Kindergarten starts and Leah is excited. She loves her new uniform. It is a dress-type thing in tartan with a white collar and the uniform falls to her knees. She lets her Mom pull on her frilled socks and slip on her black shoes, reminding Leah time and time again how to buckle her shoes. But Leah doesn't listen – she is too excited. She waddles after her classmates, nervous and sorely missing her Mom. School is not what she imagined it to be. Mom is not there with her and suddenly she has been reduced to a shy girl whose gaze is fixated on the floor. Her teacher is nice. She tries to get Leah and the other girls to play with one another. A tentative friendship is born and Leah likes it. Especially a girl, Morgan, who is the nicest to her. The girls like to play "Family" with the small, wooden makeshift house filled with plastic cooking toys. The girls make her become the "Father". Three weeks later and she wonders why she is always the "Father". The girls tell her it is because she looks the part. Leah accepts this, but asks her Mom why she looks like a Dad when she gets home. Mom's cheeks turn a bright red and Leah slinks back because her Mom looks angry. The next week, the girls let her be the "Mother" and Leah is happy. Leah loves running. She is tall, and proud of it. Her strides are much longer than the other girls and she looks forward to Physical Education every week. Her PE teacher likes that she is fast and asks Leah if she wants to join Track and Field. Leah readily agrees and she gets her running uniform the very same week. The girls in Track and Field are mean. They do not like that Leah always beats them in speed and stamina. They say hurtful things to her when the teacher is not looking and Leah tries her hardest to ignore them. It works, most of the time. But one particular line spears through her and makes her chest clench painfully. She crawls under her bed sheets and covers her head. She does not want to eat dinner tonight. Her mind is a record, playing over and over till she feels tears prick her shut eyelids. " It's like you're a man or something!" The very next day, Leah hands in her resignation form to the teacher-in-charge. He tries to cajole her into staying and asks her what is wrong. But Leah only mumbles under her breath that she is busy or something like that and walks away. She hates running. They have been dating for two years now. Leah is extraordinarily happy. Life is fantastic and she welcomes every new day with a smile, despite how painfully cheesy that sounds (her inner cynic, hidden in some corner of her mind, cries). The reason for her aching cheeks, a result of an unending grin, greets her in the living room with a jacket casually slung over his shoulders. Sam. When he first asks Leah out after class, she cannot believe it. Her first reaction is to blurt out if this is a dare becauseshewouldn'tmindatall. But then he laughs and goes on one knee, mortifying Leah to a dangerous degree, and gently asks if he can have the pleasure of her company this Thursday. Leah can barely get out a nod. Sam makes her feel like a woman. He is big and tall and muscular, so his figure is like a blanket over her. When they are together, nobody doubts that she is a woman, because when compared to Sam, she is but a young girl. Sam is fun and he takes her to the beach often, where they hang out on the cliffs or lie on the sand. Sam always tries to get her to wear something other than a dark, long-sleeved shirt and cut-offs but she slaps away his gesturing hand and gives a small bark of laughter every time. Leah does not want Sam to see how completely unlike a woman she is under the thick layers of clothing. She cannot imagine how their relationship could ever end. But it does, and Leah can only blame herself. Emily, her cousin, is coming over for the summer. Leah does not mind, or rather, she has no opinion of it. Leah has always felt undecided when it came to her cousin. Emily is pretty, no, beautiful. She is who every boy in La Push dreams of marrying because she is made of dreams. Emily has long legs, her hair just as such. She is taller than most but much shorter than the men that inhabit La Push. She has slender hands, a disarming smile, and she is nice. Very nice. Leah cannot hate Emily because she always greets her with a hug and she tries her hardest to befriend a disgruntled Leah. Everyone likes Emily. Everyone, including Sam. Leah is worried – Sam is acting strangely. He disappears for two weeks, leaving Leah to visit the Uleys without rest for fear of his well-being. They too are just as clueless. Then Sam shows up out of nowhere and he is taller, much more muscled, and restless. It is this restlessness that bothers Leah. Sam does not meet her eye. He does not hold her nor does he smile as often. Leah worries some more. And when Sam meets Emily at Leah's home, it is not only his eyes that do not meet her anymore. Leah catches them in Sam's backyard. He calls her a beautiful woman. He is holding Emily's hand and reaches forward to kiss her cheek. Leah runs away with tears in her eyes before his lips even fully pucker. Beautiful woman. The pain in her heart is constant. It plagues her for days. Soon, days become weeks and weeks turn into a year. It is almost two years later that Leah finds herself alone in her room. Summer has come by once more and she is longing for something to fill her time with. Her gaze lands by her right. Leah sees a young man. He is tall for someone in his late teens, with long, lean limbs and large hands and feet. His face is, for lack of better term, peculiar. He has a strong jaw and a chiselled face framed by shoulder-length hair. Thick eyebrows frame his deep-set eyes. His lips are thin and pale. He is sitting right next to her in the mirror. Leah has come to realise why Sam left her for Emily. She regrets shouting at Emily when she returned "from the market". She regrets punching Sam in the face. And it is not only in mourning of her once broken fingers and un-mended relationships. She knows Sam cannot help himself. Compared to Emily, or any other female in the reservation, Leah is a She-man. That is what the children in La Push have started to call her. They know no better. That is what the teenagers are viciously whispering about when she shuffles by. They are young and immature. That is what the adults concernedly discuss behind closed doors. They are just worried for her. That is what everyone ever talks about. And they are just plain insulting. Leah starts to become more cruel, more guarded. She has stopped smiling at cashiers and giving a small "thank you" when she buys things. Not since a cashier muttered a "weirdo" under her breath when Leah browsed through a women's underwear store. She has stopped waving at familiar faces and striking up conversation about this or that. Not since they give her strange looks because without Sam by her side, they can no longer recognize "the young man" in jeans and a hoodie. She no longer talks to people outside her immediate family. Not since the rest of the world regard the She-man with disgusted looks and sympathetic grimaces. Leah wants to feel like a woman. She hates waking up to the morning and looking into the mirror, only to find a ratty-looking man. Her chest aches painfully at the pitiful sight. She does not want this; has never wished for this. Bit by bit, she finds herself slipping into the mind-set that she is a man. That she does not need to condition her hair, to shave her underarms everyday, to iron her clothes crisply, to bake for the joy of it, to wear nice clothes, to help her mother cook dinner, to do any of these feminine things, because nobody realizes anyway. But she does not want that. Leah wants to bake for the fun of it, to wear pink and pretty clothes, to doll herself up, to be a wonderful, dainty daughter. Leah does not just want to be a girl – she wants to feel like one. Today Leah decides to transform herself. Courage, wherever it has been hiding all this while, swells in her chest and she grabs her wallet, her actions filled with purpose. Leah does not eat because she is much too excited. She knows what she wants to do. A quick post-it later, Leah is out the door and slipping into the firm seat of her car. She drives past the thick forest, listening to the radio and smiling all the while. Seattle, she soon finds out, is but a couple hours away. There are many clothing shops there and Leah can barely control her excited shifting in her seat. Seattle is much sunnier than La Push. And when there is sun, there are sundresses. She pushes through the glass door of the first shop she sees that is selling women's clothing. In her excitement, she misses the bewildered look of the cashier. There are shirts, jeans, hoodies, and all the like. But Leah heads for the small rack of dresses down the back. There are many sundresses and Leah cannot stop grinning. Pinks and yellows, flowers, thin shoulder straps, lacy hems, frilly hems, skirting that falls knee-length, boat-neck collars, square collars, V-necks that swoop low, barebacks, chartreuse buttons, flower-shaped buttons, oh, the ribbons!, and Leah finds herself lost in the metaphorical sea of fabric. Her savings are scarce, if she sets aside money for college, and Leah knows she only has enough for one dress, so she chooses carefully. She reminds herself not to lose her head, albeit a little belatedly. With a discerning eye, she feels the soft fabrics before