The Promotion Peeta's POV "Oh honey. This is going to be the best weekend ever." "I wonder if Seneca is going to announce who is going to be the next junior partner. That may be what this weekend is about?" "Have you heard any rumors about it?" "Nothing reliable. Just water cooler remarks. I've busted my hump this last year, so I think I have a good chance on landing it." "You have, honey. Your deals have been better than any others." "But, Cato is a close second. He's only fifteen percent behind me." "I just know Seneca will give it to you. He likes you better." "We'll see." "I need to finish packing." "No suits for me. Just nice casual. Maybe a blazer?" "I looked that resort up on Google. They have a really nice pool there." She put on her seductive voice. "I have a new bikini to try out." She turned to face me briefly and shook hes shoulders in a very sexy way, with that naughty girl smile that she knows drive me crazy. She was only wearing a short strapless jumper. It will be so easy to slip it of off her...but she just turned again to continue with her task. My eyes ran all over her body, my pants felling really tight…at 31, my wife could give any college girl a run for their money. "I know you'll look amazing, everyone will see I have the hottest wife. But I am the luckiest guy of them all, because I got to sleep everyday wit you. And after I got this promotion, everything will be even better." "Well baby, anything I can do to help. Well, not anything, but you know what I mean." "I know you would baby. That's why I love you. You're just amazing. How do I get so lucky?" I said grabbing her from behind and grinding my groin against her ass. "Mmmmm…baby. Yes you were lucky…I had a though choice…all those guys…" she said mockingly, turning in my arms and rubbing her hands all over my chest and licking my jaw. I was already turned on. "But I took pity on you because…well, you were so persitent…poor baby…" she whispered on my ear biting my lobe. We both chuckled and she tangled her fingers on my hair…I just love when she does that. "You...crept on me like a vine. I chose you, because I fell so deeply in love with you too." She said circling my neck with her arms, losing ourselves in a long passionate kiss. It wasn't long before we fell on our bed, pushing the suitcase and the pike of clothes to the floor. I'll help her deal with that mess later. Katniss didn't even notice when I finally stripped off her clothes. She groaned against my mouth as I touched her and arched upward when my fingers found her nipples and I lowered my mouth to claim one. I kept stroking her all over her in long, sweeping movements. My whole body was burning with desire. When my hand slipped between her thighs, the temperature went up another notch. She was so wet and hot I almost came just by touching. My fingers moved deftly and I felt her starting to tremble. "Oh, Peeta." she said in a whisper. "You need to stop...or there will be nothing else." I gave her slow and knowing smile. "We'll start again then. Take your time baby, enjoy." "It's hardly fair, you're wearing too many clothes," she murmured. I felt her hands searching in my crotch, and suddenly, there was the sound of a zip rasping and my pants hit the floor. I looked at her with a grin. My shirt follow suit. She was very skilled. "Mmmm….much better." she groaned as the hard length of my erection surged against her softness. It felt like heaven when I slid into her wet welcoming entrance. My hands stroked her back in long deliberate sweeps, my hardness claiming her. She trash and moaned, moving in perfect syncronicity with me, until my body shivered against hers as the pleasure shook us both. Katniss and I have been together for almost fifteen years, since sophomore year of high school. I had a crush on her since forever, and after many many years of watching her from afar I gather up the courage to talk to her and ask her on a date. We went to the movies and ended up making out on the back of my father's pick up truck. We were each other's firsts on prom night. After high school, we ended up four hours away from each other during college. She stayed home taking care of her little sister Prim and attending Community College while my wrestling skills gave me a full ride to Panem State University on District 3 to earn my degree in Finances and actuarials. I would have preferred to stay home and run my parents' business, a bakery, but my mother, who never hid her dislike for my girlfriend, insisted on me earning a degree that could help me make it more profitable. It wasn't easy. We had our fair share of fights over lack of time and jealousy issues. Specially when I was partnered for a project with a pretty girl named Lavinia Porter. The project was so long and complicated that I almost hadn't time to see or talk to my girlfriend. We had a huge fight over that one day Katniss came unanounced to surprise me and Lavinia opened my door because we had been working late. We broke up that night, and I felt miserable for the following six months. We dated other people during that time. I ended up having sex with Lavinia several times, the first one after many rounds of tequila two weeks after my break up, but it didn't last. She was very pretty, she was smitten with me and I liked her a lot, but I wasn't in love with her. There were a few one night stands too, and my mother made sure to inform me that Katniss was sleeping with Darius Wright, one of the town's deputies whom I knew always had his eyes on my girl. I got so drunk the day mom told me that, but I wasn't in any posicion to demand anything from Katniss. I'm pretty sure I ended up in somebody's bed that night, but I was so wasted I couldn't even remember. But when I came back home that summer, we ran into each other during our mutual friends, Finnick and Annie's engagement party. That night we took a walk to the lake, and talked about everything that happened. She told me about being with Darius for a while after our break-up. I told her about my unmeaningful escapades, about missing her…missing us, and ended up making love under the stars, between tears, kisses and words of forgiveness. We came out stronger as a couple, and we manage through my two final years of college. My mother even ended up accepting that we were serious about our relationship and gave us her blessing. I asked her to marry me after my graduation. Capitol Investments had offered me a dream job in the city, and, although at first she was reluctant to move to the Capitol, she relented since Prim was accepted in Medical School on District 2. So we marry in a small beautiful ceremony by our beloved lake and we moved to the city. And that's where we've been for the past ten years. She's a seventh grade biology teacher. Although I make a good living, she's always been strong and independent, and supported her sister financially all through med school. One of the many things I love about her. Her careness and loyalty, the fierceness of her love. That night, Katniss was laying on my shoulder in her favorite position, gently purring. I was thinking about what would happen if Cato got the position. I had a few poachers contacting me to move, but I had stalled them off ever since Plutarch had retired. I had done well over the past year, due to the fact that I had a group of four big time investors. They were into building malls and shopping centers. I got a lot of bonuses that went into my offshore retirement account. Katniss knew about the account, but not how much was there. I was going to spring it on her when it was big enough for us to leave the big city. We've always dreamed of going back home to District 12, take over my parents' bakery; the old man is reluctant to retire, that place is his life. Buying a house with a little white fence, and fill it with a bunch of kids. We didn't want to raise our kids in the Capitol. That's why we haven't had any. Well, at first it was because she didn't wanted. Her mother abandoned her and her sister after their father passed away in a car accident, and she was left alone at just eleven, with a seven year old sister under the care of their uncle, who was a good man, but was always drunk. But after ten years of marriage, and a lot of convincing from my part, she was starting to relent. My mother is begging us for grandkids since my older brother's wife, Delly, is sterile and unable to have children, and my middle brother is gay and living with his partner in Europe traveling and running his fashion empire. It's not that we have a problem with that. On the contrary. Mom and dad, Bannock and Delly, Katniss and I, even Prim, we all love Cinna, he's the best brother in law. Mom keeps telling them that they can always search for a surrogate. But Rye says children don't add to their equation because all of their traveling. So all her hopes are on us. Anyway, I would decide what I was going to do after the weekend. Staying in the Capitol for a few more years to keep engrosing my offshore account or packing up and going back home. ….. We arrived at the lodge at about ten thirty the next morning. The valet parked our car and we were taken to our room. After we were unpacked, Katniss sat on the bed and bounced a couple times. "Oh god, this is nice, honey. You know how I get horny when we sleep in a strange bed. We need to try this one out." She started taking her clothes off immediately. Then she helped me out of mine. She pushed me on the bed and attacked my cock. In no time at all she was riding me like it was the Kentucky Derby. I tried to hold off for a while but her hot wet pussy took control and I emptied my balls in her. She squealed and came with me as I painted her cervix. We cuddled for a little while, took a shower -complete with another heated sex session- and went down for lunch. Katniss had a pair of black slacks on and a white blouse with just a little cleavage showing. The host seated us and Seneca showed up, playing the gracious host and glad handing everyone. I noticed he took extra time checking out Katniss' cleavage. It wasn't unusual, because Katniss is definitely a good looking woman. Her misterious smoky gray eyes, medium long silky ebony hair, smooth olive skin, perky medium sized breasts that fit perfectly in my big hands, round firm ass and long toned legs…I stand corrected, she's not good looking, my Katniss is a goddess. I had gotten used to guys checking her out years ago. But, she's all mine, all the others can only look and wish. Besides, our marriage is solid. Our love and trust for each other has very strong roots. Also, my wife is a