Hi. This is my first Fan Fiction ever. This story is an adaptation of a novel I read a few years ago with the characters of THG. I own nothing. All the credit to Suzanne Collins and Tessa Radley who create the characters and the story. There will be a few twists in later chapters and as the story progresses some heavy variations from the original novel. I hope you enjoy it because I love the story and I love THG characters. Please read and review. Chapter 1 How had it all gone so horribly wrong? Katniss Everdeen wrapped her arms around her stomach, nausea welling up. If she could only stop thinking about it, then maybe the sick feeling in the pit of her stomach would subside. The wedding was her priority, Katniss told herself. Focus on that. She'd already been paid for arranging it—in full—the check flung at her last night. Last night. That kiss . No, don't think about last night. Concentrate on the wedding. A Mellark event. A desperate glance swept the tables laden with glittering silver cutlery and Baccarat glasses, the slim crystal vases each bearing six glorious long-stemmed white roses on the tables. Naturally she'd had unlimited resources at her disposal, and no expense had been spared for Peeta Mellark's wedding. The vaulted ballroom ceiling of Panem's Presidential Palace Hotel had been draped in soft white folds of fabric to give the dreamy, romantic mood of a bower. Garlands of ivy and hothouse white roses festooned the walls, filling the ballroom with heady scent. Brass wall-mounted sconces held torches that added an intimate glow, while the vast room had been heated to allow women to show off an astonishing array of flimsy designer gowns even though the winter air blew cold outside. In the center of the otherwise empty dance floor, Peeta Mellark performed a graceful maneuver, twirling his new bride to the melodious strains of the "Blue Danube" waltz, his head close to her pale blond hair. He was one hundred percent gorgeous male from the top of his overlong ashy blonde wavy hair, sapphire blue eyes, strong jaw all the way down to his broad chest-just like a Greek God, but with a male's hotheaded certainty that he was always right. And right now Katniss wished he were a million light-years away. "Tha boy of mine is a fool." At the voice of Effie—Peeta's godmother and widow of the powerful Plutarch Heavensbee. Katniss smiled and said, "Peeta wouldn't care for that description." "My brother would have been so dissapointed on him today." Effie's brother, Hank, his wife Meredith-Peeta's parents- along with their sister in law and her husband Mags and Finlay Odair, all died in a plane crash fifteen years ago, leaving the Heavensbees in charge of 10 year old Peeta and his 12 year old cousin Finnick, raising them as their own. But then, three years ago, her husband Plutarch suffered a massive heart attack due to the pressure their company was enduring at the moment. That leave 22 year old Peeta, fresh out of College in charge of the struggling Mellark Enterprises, his father's legacy. He managed to save his company and became the youngest most succesfull bussinessman in all Panem. "And look at you, Katniss! My dear, did you have to wear scarlet? Like a red flag to a bull?" Effie sighed. "That wicked dress will only fuel the tales that grow in each retelling." Katniss laughed and glanced down at the extravagant Cinna's-her favorite designer, dress she wore. "Let them gossip. I don't care. At least I'm not stealing the bride's thunder and wearing white." "But you should've been. You would've made a beautiful bride. If only Plutarch had been here—he might have knocked some sense into the boy's head." Shocked, Katniss stared at the older woman. "Effie?" "This wedding is a mistake, but now it's too late. My godson has made his choice and he must live with it. That's my last word." Effie disappeared into the throng surrounding them. Disconcerted, Katniss turned her attention to the dance floor. Peeta chose that moment for an uncharacteristic display of public affection—brushing a kiss across the top of his bride's head. The bride tilted her face up, revealing astonishment but none of the sparkling joy expected. Katniss couldn't help wishing that Peeta was where she was right now—in hell. She couldn't bear to watch. She closed her eyes. Her head ached with a combination of inner tension, the strain of the day and the residue of last night's wine. She wanted the wedding over. Done. So that she could rid her mouth of the bitter taste of betrayal. "Come. Time for us to join them." Katniss; painful thoughts were jogged by a touch on her cold, clammy arm, and she became abruptly aware that the music from the stylish ensemble on the raised dais was fading. Check, the bridegroom's cousin and best man, stared at her expectantly. She forced a smile. "Sorry, Finnick. I was miles away." He gave her a wide grin. "Stop worrying, everything's magnificent. The flowers, the menu, the cake, the dress. Women will be queuing for you to organize their perfect day." Katniss blinked at Finnick's enthusiasm. Organizing yet another Panem high-society wedding was the last thing she wanted; yet she was thankful that he'd put her distraction down to anxiety about the success of the function. No one—not Finnick, nor anyone else—knew why she had fretted all day. Or why the memory of these particular nuptials would cast a pal over every wedding for years to come. Oh, God, how could she have been so stupid last night! "Come." Finnick tugged her hand insistently. She dug her sandal-clad toes in, not budging. "I don't dance at weddings I've organized." Over Finnick's shoulder she met the bridegroom's narrow-eyed gaze, read the disdain. It hurt. More fool her. She dragged her attention back to Finnick. He chuckled, oblivious to the tension that strung her tighter than the violinist's bowstring, his blue eyes, so like his cousin's lighting up. "No excuses. You're not working tonight, you must dance. Come. It's traditional, the maid of honor and best man join in next. Look, everyone's waiting." A rapid glance around told Katniss he was right. Hordes of exquisitely dressed couples had flocked to the edge of the dance floor and stood waiting for them. Even Effie was there, her eyes sympathetic. Katniss raised her chin. Instinctively she touched the opal pendant that rested just above her breasts. And then her mercury gaze collided with blue. A cold, icy blue. Peeta Mellark was glaring now, disapproval evident in the hard slash of his mouth, his bride clamped in his arms. His bride. Madge. Her best friend. Katniss tossed her head, slid her chilled hand into the crook of the arm Finnick offered and, forcing a parody of a smile onto her lips, allowed him to lead her onto the floor, the flouncy skirt of her scarlet dress swirling around her legs. She would dance. Damn Peeta Mellark! She would laugh, too, wouldn't let Peeta glimpse the misery in her heart, the emptiness in her soul. Peeta would never know what it had cost her to organise his wedding to Madge, to help Madge with the myriad choices of music, flowers, fabrics, or how sick and despondent she had felt trudging up the aisle behind the pair of them. Nor would he ever know of her quiet desperation when the white-and-gold-robed priest had pronounced them man and wife. Of the ache that had sharpened as the bridal couple had turned to face the congregation. Madge had been pale, but she'd managed to give Peeta a flirtatious glance from under her lashes. And Peeta had sought Katniss' gaze, his eyes blazing with triumph, as if to say, "Nothing you can do now". Oh, yes, she'd dance. She'd be as outrageous as ever, and not a soul would guess at the agony hidden beneath the brittle facade. They'd see what they always saw: brazen, independent Katniss. Never again would she allow herself to become vulnerable to this raw, consuming emotion. It hurt too much. She smiled determinedly up at Finnick as he put an arm around her shoulder and ignored the glower from the midst of the dance floor. "Hey, cousin, my turn to dance with the bride." Startled by Finnick's words, Katniss surfaced from the numb place to which she'd retreated, a place where she felt nothing. No pain, no emotion. The sudden stop brought her back to the present, back to the ballroom. Finnick stepped away as the romantic melody faded. In front of her stood her nemesis, the man she knew she would never escape. Even in this dim light his blue gaze glittered. Only the bent blade of a nose that had clearly been broken more than once saved his face from the classic beauty his full mouth and impossibly strong jaw promised. Instead it created a face filled with danger, utterly compelling and ruthlessly sensual. Hastily she looked away, grabbing for her departing dance. "Finnick?" But Finnick was gone, spinning Madge away, Madge's wedding dress fanning out against his legs. Feeling utterly alone, Katniss waited, heart thudding with apprehension, refusing to look at Peeta. "So, you are now trying to seduce my cousin? Another crack at our family fortune, hmm?" Her head shot back at the cynical words. There was something dark and tumultuous in his sapphire blue eyes. He was angry? What about her? What gave him the right to judge her? He didn't even know her—hadn't had the slightest inclination to get to know her. "Go to hell," she muttered through grimly smiling teeth and swung away. "Oh, no, Katniss." A hard hand caught her elbow. "It's not going to be that easy. I'm not going to allow you to cause a scene and leave me standing alone on the dance floor. You're not making a fool of me." Katniss tried to wrench free. The grip tightened. Big. Strong. Powerful. She didn't have a hope of escaping Peeta Mellark. But the last thing in the world she wanted today was to be held in his arms, to dance with him. She must have said it aloud, because his mouth flattened as he twirled her around to face him. "Yes," he hissed. His eyes had turned to flat, unforgiving chips. "You will dance with me." His right hand moved to rest on her waist as the joyous bars of the next waltz struck up. "For once in your selfish life you will do something for someone else. I will not allow you to destroy Madelaine's day." As he'd already destroyed her. Katniss wanted to laugh hysterically. Peeta had no idea…no idea that he would destroy Madge, too. Dear, beloved Madge, the closest thing she had to a sister. Her best friend. Her business partner. Or at least she had been until last night when, after the final wedding rehearsal, Madge had signed her share in MK Southern Events over to Katniss. And why? Because Peeta had demanded it. The lord and master had made it clear he wanted all ties to Katniss severed, and Madge had obeyed. Katniss had been hotly, impulsively furious. Yet under the fury there had simmered the unspeakable pain of betrayal. Katniss knew why Madge had capitulated. Hell, she even understood why her friend was so desperate to marry a man to whom she was so totally unsuited. But Madge should've known better, should never have agreed to marry him. Yet how could Madge refuse? Because Madge craved security—as Katniss once had. Unlike a heroine tied to the train tracks in one of those ancient black-and-white movies, Madge didn't see the danger. She saw only Peeta's solid strength. His power and wealth. Peeta was too strong. He'd dominate her. Madge would never stand up to him. Katniss feared Madge would wither and die. So last night Katniss had decided to take matters into