Summary: Life is like a piano. The white keys are the happy days, and the black keys are the sad ones. Just remember you need both to make music. All Human. Oneshot. Character Death. Author's Note: This is a one-shot. This is not intended to be a long story, the word count should be around 12k, but hopefully you find it to be sweet and endearing. I will probably edit it more in the future but I just had this plot bunny that would get out of my head. There is a character death in this story and there are some mentionings of others. Disclaimer: D'S doesn't own any of the characters in this story, only the plot. This story is broken up into two parts. Parts One and Two are included. " Never shall I forget the time I spent with you. Please continue to be my friend, as you will always find me yours." - Ludwig Van Beethoven Bella's Lullaby (Part I) Edward Cullen was a bitter, sarcastic and stubborn man, and that was a fact. At the very young age of nineteen, he was loathed by his neighbors and was estranged from his caring but often absent parents. Growing up Edward Cullen had been the only child to a renown surgeon and an equally well-known interior designer. In spite of all this, his parents loved to spoil him with materialistic items to make up for their absence, more often than not the boy felt that he came second to his parent's jobs. His family might have been loving and supportive of their own pursuits but they were not what one considered to be a tight knit family. For as long as he could remember, his parents had arranged for a live-in nanny to care for their son while they pursue their own passions of healing arts and interior design. Sometimes it would be days before he got a chance to speak to his father who would stumble in late at night only to leave early the next morning while he was still asleep; or sit down to a home-cooked meal that his mother prepared on the rare occasions where she was not on the phone with a client or browsing the web for ideas. When he did see his parents for more than a brief moment, he would beg for their attention and plead for them to stay and go with him and spend the day at Central Park, sometimes one of them would, on occasion, cancel their plans and would take a taxi to the park and spend the day; but it was always one or the other, never the three of them. Never a family outing. Even with his parent's busy work schedule they recognized his love for music early on and didn't hesitate in enrolling him in piano lessons. In his parent's absence, he threw himself into his music and used it as a way to cope with the ever-present loneliness that plagued his childhood. By the age of twelve, he had gotten an invitation to play at the famed Carnegie Hall. His parents, of course, couldn't have been any prouder of their young musical prodigy. And for that one glorious night, both of his parents turned off their phones and pagers and sat in the audience and listened. Listened to their son as he played songs ranging from Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata to Debussy's Clair De Lune and listened to the deafening applause and standing ovation before joining in themselves. For that one night, it was just the three of them: his mother Esme, his father Carlisle and him together as a family. The next morning life resumed as it usually did for the Cullen's, with Dr. Carlisle Cullen leaving the New York City penthouse early for the hospital that he worked for and Esme a short time later for her office in Manhattan. Edward followed begrudgingly a while after as he left for his prestigious school that centered around the arts. The following years proceeded in a similar fashion of abandonment until it was finally time for Edward to leave for Juilliard. After his graduation from high school and acceptance to Juilliard Edward deemed it was time to live his lonely childhood behind. This time it was his parents turn to beg him to stay, but Edward firmly insisted that it was best for him to move out. So taking money from his trust fund he bought an apartment almost thirty minutes away from his parent's penthouse and pursued and further explored his passion for music. He didn't visit his parents often, despite the short distance but he was happy. At least, he felt that he wasn't coming second to work anymore as he only had himself to worry about. For once in his life he was happy, and that was when tragedy struck him. (-) On February of last year, it happened, though he couldn't recall exact details. The fateful phone call that he could scarcely remember making to his father after being sick for two weeks and almost delirious with fever was nothing but a vague haze. How his sickness had gotten so bad, Edward didn't know, only that he, for a fleeting second, was thankful of his father's occupation for the first time in his life. That particular phone call was the first time he had called the man in over a month's time. He couldn't have a close relationship with a father who was never there, and thus didn't feel obligated to call him a few times a week. When he did finally get up with one or the other of his parents, he decidedly felt no remorse upon the scolding words he received from his worried mother every time he called; who wanted to know why he couldn't be more like a "normal son" who called their mothers every week. Nor did he feel any shame when his father lectured him on the amount of unnecessary stress he caused them by not checking up with them regularly. He only really remembered that the man hadn't answered the phone on the first ring or the second for that matter, and it was only after many failed attempts that he was finally able to get across to the very busy Dr. Cullen. With his father finally on the line, he requested the man to stop by after his shift that day refusing to give much more explanation as to why. However, his father who had played detective enough on the job had immediately suspected something to be wrong with his son and with his full attention directed to Edward- for perhaps the first time since he had graduated from Juilliard. Carlisle Cullen had demanded Edward to tell him the nature of the call. Edward couldn't remember telling his father of his prolonged illness nor did he remember collapsing in his apartment midway through the telephone call. He was still unconscious when an ambulance arrived almost eight minutes later with his panicking father following just minutes behind. The only thing Edward could remember now was the ever present darkness. Sure he could visualize his surroundings: the endless chains of taxi's, the less frequent privately owned cars and limousines, the endless faces of people, the towering buildings etc. But it was lost to him now. That was what his life was like for the past year and a half. Complete and total darkness. From the moment he regained what he thought was consciousness in that hospital room up until this very moment and to the moment of his final breath he would see, hear and live in darkness. He relied much more on sound now than ever before. His mother's crying and his father's silent acceptance that was only accompanied by a tired sigh would forever be burned into his memory at the doctor's diagnosis. He was blind. Blind at the age of eighteen. A life so new and full of potential marred by a tragedy…by blindness. The doctor had tried to explain that he had been in a coma for three days and had had such a dangerously high fever that it was a miracle that he was even alive, much less awake and coherent without any evidence of neurological damage. A true miracle. But Edward didn't want to hear it all he wanted was to see again. Couldn't the doctors do something to allow him to regain his vision? Dr. Cullen was always going on and on about the newest medical breakthrough so where was it? Silence reigned the room for what felt like forever and it was only upon the doctor's leave that Edward had begged his father to tell him that it the blindness wasn't permanent. That-that the diagnosis wasn't true, that somehow the doctor had gotten the charts and test results mixed up. Like always, his father let him down. His father was just some doctor who's world surrounded by set facts and the harsh reality couldn't offer his son the words of comfort Edward had wanted to hear. Once again his father put his profession before his own son. Instead, Dr. Cullen had tried to gently explain to his son that his blindness could have been avoided had he sought medical attention sooner. " Had you come to me earlier I could have gotten you some help, Edward. When the paramedics arrived they found you lying unconscious and practically unresponsive. We did everything we could, Edward. Everything. I am sorry son, but Dr. Whitlock is right, you are very fortunate to be alive right now. At least be grateful about that. Many others wouldn't have been nearly as fortunate as you. Anything could have happened, Edward. You suffered from at least one febrile seizure before we were able to get your fever down to a more manageable reading. When a fever gets that high there are many potential factors a doctor must consider, brain damage is one of them, as is potential blindness, although it is a bit more rare. The loss of your vision is a small price to pay for what could have been, Edward." He was furious at his father's attempt to pin the blame on him. Livid. Edward couldn't have known his fever would have lead to blindness! He wasn't a doctor. That was his father's passion, not his! Anyway, this had not pleased Edward and in his denial, he sent both his mother and father away and refused to "see" either of them again. Little did Esme and Carlisle know at the time but that would also the last time Edward would voluntarily speak to them for a long time. Still, his father had disobeyed his son's wishes and had stopped by in-between shifts and rounds to check on his stubborn son hoping to convince him to move back in with them once he was released, promising to take a few weeks off to help him adjust himself to his new way of life. His mother also came by every day either during lunch or after work just to sit with him and begged him to stop being so stubborn and listen to them as they really wanted to help him. Edward tuned them out. He would be fine back in his own apartment. What was the difference really? What would happen after his father's vacation leave ended and his mother got a client that couldn't be ignored? He would be left alone in the penthouse for hours while his parents once again sacrificed their home life for that of making money. His parents should have tried harder when they had had the chance. Now they only wanted him around because he was blind. They felt sorry for him and to ease their conscious they would try to make it up for him by being there for him now. But his decision had been years in the making. Edward had sworn upon moving out it would bring an end to his