A/N: This is my first attempt at a multi-chapter or AU fanfic, so if either of those offend you, consider this fair warning! Also, T is probably pretty high for the rating, but I figured I'd err on the side of caution for now. Special thanks for this one goes to bibliophile114, who not only acted as beta reader but also gave me the idea in the first place. So now you all know who to blame, right? (Seriously, thanks. I can't say enough how awesome you are! ...Unless everyone hates this, of course... :P) I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: Aside from the plot, everything here belongs to Rick Riordan. Even though he's making us wait an entire year for the next book after ending "The Lost Hero" like that! Chapter 1: Hydra 101 Well, this was definitely one of your classic good news, bad news situations. The good news? After playing "Off With Your Heads" with a hydra for over an hour (the game probably wouldn't have lasted as long if I'd remembered right away hydras liked to grow heads twice as fast as I chopped them off), the hydra was officially ancient history. Well, kind of. It doesn't really count as ancient history when the monsters just re-form and go right back to trying to kill you. But the bad news? I was now standing next to a smoking pile of rubble that used to be a high school gym. Whoops. Still, as far as I knew, no one had been hurt, which meant I was getting better at this. When I saw the hydra was nesting in the alley behind the school, I'd sent my keeper, Grover, to evacuate all the kids. He'd told them there was some sort of bomb threat, which was usually a good cover story. And anyone looking at the gym right now was not going to argue. Anyway, I was feeling pretty proud of myself overall. Not only was I uninjured, I'd also gotten all the mortals out of danger and only caused minor property damage. Someone was going to have to replace the water heater I'd had to blow up to dust the hydra, and of course the students were going to have to run their laps in the middle of Manhattan for awhile, but this definitely ranked as a success on Percy Jackson's List of Potential Disasters. Considering I'd just turned sixteen a couple months ago, that list was already pretty long. I turned around to start the "fleeing the scene of the crime" part of the battle and stopped dead. Leaning casually against a streetlamp was a tall, suntanned girl with curly blond hair and steel gray eyes that matched her blazer and pleated skirt. I cursed under my breath. She did not look happy. I wondered what she saw; I had firsthand experience with the tricks the Mist could play on mortals. Considering I still had my sword out and the wreckage behind me was still smoking, I didn't think this would end any better than last week's chimera fiasco had. (Given the highly circumstantial evidence, a lifetime ban from Chuck E. Cheese had seemed a little unreasonable.) I put down my sword and held my hands in front of me non-threateningly. "Look, I can explain," I told the girl as calmly as I could while still looking frantically up and down the alley for any signs of police cars. Grover must have persuaded the police not to investigate the bomb threat somehow, but personal experience made me doubt he was prepared to hide an explosion. Even if he probably should have been expecting one by now. "I swear this isn't what it looks like." "Oh, really?" the girl snorted. "It looks like you forgot hydras regenerate their non-immortal heads and were forced to finally use our school's water heater when you couldn't defend yourself anymore." "No, that's not—wait, what?" I must have been staring at her like she had more heads than the hydra, because she rolled her eyes. "Hydra. You. Water heater. Am I right, or am I right?" I continued to stare. "You saw the hydra?" She rolled her eyes again. "I think we've established that, yes. And while we're on the subject, the battle would have lasted about five minutes if you'd driven it into the furnace room of the school. Cauterize the head wounds so new ones can't grow. I suppose the burning water eventually accomplished the same feat, although that looked more like desperation to me—" "Wait!" I said, stopping her as I finally realized what she was saying. "You saw me fighting the hydra, and you just decided to stand there and watch?" She shrugged. "Yeah." I started to get a little angry. "Why didn't you go get help or something? People could've gotten hurt! I could have gotten hurt!" I didn't want mortals charging into battle or anything, but what kind of person just watches as someone fights for his life? And how had I not noticed her for over an hour? I could have sworn she appeared out of thin air. The girl just shrugged again. "The school was already evacuated, and the hydra has a limited range, so the only person in danger was you. And you dying makes my life a lot easier. It was only logical not to interfere." "Oh, as long as it was the logical choice," I said sarcastically. "I'm so sorry to inconvenience you by staying alive. Maybe you should've helped the hydra, huh?" "I considered that," the girl said thoughtfully, her gray eyes calculating. "But there was never a good opening." I was sure my jaw was about two inches from the ground at this point. This girl was certifiably insane. "Anyway," she continued, "after the first ten minutes, I figured there wasn't much point. It was pretty clear you didn't have a chance." "Well, apparently you were wrong," I snapped. "Yes," she said, frowning. "I overestimated the hydra's abilities." I scowled. "Or you underestimated mine." "No." The way she said it, so matter-of-factly, had me nodding in agreement before I caught myself. I scowled deeper. Who did this girl think she was? Suddenly I heard sirens in the distance. The girl must have heard them too, because she muttered something like, "I thought I'd taken care of them for at least another hour." Before I could ask, though, she sighed disappointedly. "You should probably run now." My scowl melted into a grin. "What, upset you don't get to spend more time with me? I didn't know you cared." I have no idea where she'd been concealing it, but suddenly the girl had a wicked-looking bronze knife pointed at my chest. It looked like the same material as my sword, but there was no way this girl could have access to celestial bronze. …Right? Either way, I was suddenly regretting dropping my sword so early. "Let's be clear: I will never care about you ," she spat at me. "I'm only upset I don't have time to kill you before the police arrive. Now I have to wait and kill you later. I don't like to procrastinate." "…And you're sure you're in high school?" I asked. She rolled her eyes yet again and glanced pointedly at the ruined gym behind me. "No thanks to you. And if my drafting table isn't exactly as I left it, I will personally hunt you down and chop off your head." And with that promise, she turned and sprinted down the street in front of the school. I stood in shock for a moment. I'd ticked off girls before, sure, but so far they'd stopped short of actively promising my death by bronze knife. It was too bad the blond girl was so nuts. She'd been pretty cute for a psychopath. The sounds of the approaching sirens broke into my thoughts and reminded me I had some running of my own to do. I'd have to ask my dad about the mysterious blond girl later. I jumped the chain-link fence at the end of the alley and took off. When I finally got back to our rendezvous point, Grover was already there. The rendezvous point was a foreclosed business just east of the hydra's nest, and he was currently pacing awkwardly in front of the "Sorry, we're closed!" sign in the window. He must have been worried too, because he was gnawing on an empty Coke can despite being in full view of any mortals wandering past the deserted store. "Hey, G-man, what's up?" I asked nonchalantly, strolling up behind him. He yelped and jumped a full foot in the air, dislodging one of his shoes and exposing his natural hoof. I glanced around quickly to make sure no one was watching us. Most people ignored Grover chomping on cans, but his hooves were a little harder to explain. That's how I'd found out Grover was a satyr in the first place, back when I was seven. Of course, that would have been a little more shocking if it hadn't come right after finding out my dad was an ancient Greek god. "Perrrcy!" he bleated as he hurried to hide his hoof again. "What took you so long? That hydra should've taken about five minutes! Did you have trouble getting to the furnace in the school?" Inwardly I groaned. Did everyone on the planet know about the furnace trick? Apparently I'd nodded off for a few minutes in Hydra 101 the other day. "No, not at all," I lied smoothly. "I just had a little…trouble…after that." I hesitated for a minute, debating whether or not to mention the blond girl. Something told me I shouldn't go around telling the world, but Grover was my best friend. Plus I was going to go crazy if I didn't tell someone soon. "There was this girl…" "A girl?" Grover made a strangled squeaking noise. "You almost gave me a heart attack because you were busy flirting ?" "No!" I said immediately. I could feel my cheeks heat up. "Not unless I really don't understand how flirting works." Grover raised his eyebrows at me. "Shut up," I grumbled. There wasn't exactly a ton of time to talk to girls when you were chasing monsters all over New York. I cleared my throat. "Anyway, she could see the hydra, and all she talked about was how much she wanted to kill me!" "Hmm." Grover munched slowly on the rest of his can. "Beautiful? Deadly? Looked like a student?" "Yes!" I was glad someone understood. "So you know who she was?" "I know her kind," Grover said darkly. "Sounds like an empousa . It's usually easiest to make fun of their legs, since they're kind of self-conscious about them." "Why?" I asked curiously. From the nice, long look I'd gotten at her legs, the girl had absolutely no reason to be self-conscious. Grover stared at me. "Um, the whole one donkey leg, one bronze leg thing?" I shook my head. "I think you've got it wrong, G-man. Definitely one hundred percent human. Take my word as a teenage guy." Grover frowned. "You're sure?" I nodded. "Positive. She looked just as normal as me or you. Well, me, anyway…" I glanced at the Coke can hanging from Grover's mouth. "Well, some monsters are really good at disguising themselves," Grover offered, but it sounded pretty lame to me, like he was seriously reaching. "She looked totally human," I insisted. "Usually monsters eventually reveal themselves, and she wouldn't have worried about getting picked up by the cops if she was a monster, would she?" "Wait, what cops?" Grover asked suspiciously, which was the part of my question I'd really been hoping he wouldn't pick up on. "Um…" I rubbed the back of my neck. "Well, see, there was this accident with a water heater…" Grover sighed. "Percy! My confusion spell was only good for the bomb threat! How did you manage to draw police with