Hi, so here is another story and my first next gen fic. This is part of a story I have ongoing about an after war fic so a lot of these OCs you might read about will be featured in that. There are a lot of OCs predominantly in this chapter. I have taken some liberties with this story-firstly I DO NOT consider Cursed Child cannon. And I really like the idea of Molly and Narcissa forcing their husbands to be civil to each other for the sake of the grandchildren so Scorpius, Rose and Albus are all friends earlier on in this story. I have also taken some liberates with the ages of the Weasley grandchildren and Teddy as well as the marital status of each Weasley and Charlie's life. All of Harry's auror team are OCs to be featured in an upcoming story except Seamus. As is the 'East End'' Wizarding Gang. Disclaimer-Nothing is mine just some OCs. This story will have alternating point of views. Any Questions don't hesitate to ask. Also I think this will take place either over the course of a term or a whole year depending. Please Read and Review. SIDE NOTE-I know that this story was once called Assassin however due to a reworked plot and not a lot of time on my hands I have changed the plot to this story in order to make it easier and quicker to update. I hope you all understand. The James. S. Potter Mysteries. (THIS SYNOPSIS HAS BEEN CHANGED DUE TO REWORKED PLOT) J ames Sirius Potter prankster extraordinaire and his friends are heading to Hogwarts for their first year. The school is in upheaval, Headmistress McGonagall is retiring, their is a delegation of students from Ilvermorny coming to stay and a series of strange incidents taking place. It's up to James and his friends to investigate! Chapter 1- The day of the first of September came around with a weak sun and a strong wind. James Sirius Potter had already been up half an hour though that was not uncommon. They were not at Potter Manor his grandfather's childhood home where they lived but at the Burrow and the small room he was crowded in had at least five other boys. His grandmother had insisted that the family get together for one last blow out the night before everyone went back to Hogwarts and true to his grandmother she had insisted everyone spend the night. The entire Weasley clan had descended, half of his father's auror team if only for the free food and half his Dad's old classmates and their families. When James had asked his Mother if his Grandma minded cooking and feeding that many people she had shrugged and got that look on her face that James understood was her thinking of the brother she had lost in the war and said something about his Grandma thought the house too empty for most of the year and wanted to have it full to the brim. James thought that that might explain feeding everyone until they couldn't move and then cracking open the firewhiskey. Right now the room he was in was filled with his cousin and his three best friends. Fredrick Prewitt Weasley was sleeping in the bed with him. He was the son of George Weasley and Angelina Johnson and had taken the moniker Freddie before he turned two. Uncle George's favourite tales…or at least one of them was to tell people the inspiration for Freddie's middle name was due to the fact that he couldn't chose weather to name him Fabien or Gideon and had decided on Prewitt because he thought one kid was enough. Or something like that anyway. Freddie had inherited his father's hair though it was darker than anyone in the family and a slightly darker skin tone that shouldn't work but did. Sharing the second bed was two of James best friends, Aidan Finnigan and Charlie Thomas. His father had kept a close correspondence with his roommates when they had left Hogwarts a product he said of all five of them fighting in the war against Voldemort. Charlie was the son of Dean Thomas and Parvati Patil and was an only child while Aidan was Seamus Finnigan's son with a muggle who had freaked when she found out about magic and had abandoned both father and son. Charlie's dad worked as a curse breaker for Gringotts the wizarding bank while Aidan's worked for James's dad as a liaison between the auror department and others around the world though if Uncle Seamus swearing the other night was anything to go by then James couldn't imagine anyone less suited to the job. On the floor on a camp bed was the last of James's friends Frank Longbottom, named after his grandfather and the son of Neville Longbottom and Hannah Abbot. His mother had had to run the pub the Leaky Cauldron and his father had to get to Hogwarts the night before the students turned up to help with preparations. Neville Longbottom was the Herbology professor and according to the other members of James's family a rather good one. He was in the middle room on the middle floor. In the room next to his the other males of his family slept. James's brother, Albus, his cousins Louis (Uncle Bill and Auntie Fleur's son), Hugo (Uncle Ron and Aunt Hermione's son) and Scorpius Malfoy who was Albus's best friend and who had been invited by James's grandma who had claimed that it was time to put the past behind us ' Yes Arthur and you will be nice to the boy or else' He checked the watch, it was seven AM. Soon his grandmother would wake them all up by shouting that breakfast was ready. The table had to be magically enlarged and set in the garden but the morning James surmised was a good one to eat outside. He was right because as soon as the clock downstairs chimed seven his grandmother was heard banging and shouting on all the doors in the house and the sound of people stirring was heard. Aidan woke up first shouting about quidditch fouls and getting an elbow in the ribs from Charlie for his troubles. Frank shot up looking like a bewildered hedgehog and Freddie opened his eyes and then grinned. "Hogwarts" he said and that was enough to get all five boys to stop. Because today was the first day of school for the five of them. And that was enough to get them all dressed and downstairs. James's father, Harry Potter and the rest of auror's that his grandmother liked were already downstairs shovelling eggs and tea down their throats so they could get to work or at least the ones that had to get in to man the office. That really was Colt Rawlings, head of the Werewolf Defence Commission, his wife Skander and James's uncle Charlie who wasn't an auror but who had to floo back to Romania and head of the Department for International Co-operation Uncle Percy. As well as Aunt Hermione and Uncle Ron who both had to get to work, Uncle Ron to open the shop and Aunt Hermione to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. His mother Ginny Weasley-Potter was helping her own mother in the kitchen and James helped himself to a handful of toast and managed to command four chairs for his friends before the madness began. Most of his aunts and uncles were up. Uncle George nursing a coffee and scoffing at the news, Auntie Audrey (Uncle Percy's wife) doing the crossword and scoffing at the mistakes and his grandfather frowning at the headlines. The rest were helping to bring out breakfast while the rest of his family came down. The state of James's family at these occasions confused him so he tried to put it in order. First was Uncle Bill who was married to Auntie Fleur and they had three children Victoire who was silver haired, sleepy eyed and entering her sixth year at Hogwarts, Dominique, (to her grandma and mother, Dom to her uncles and aunts and grandfather, and Nikki to everyone else) who was red headed, had a temper and was joining them for this magical first year and Louis who was eight, blonde like his older sister and soft spoken. Uncle Charlie had yet to have children but had a semi-steady relationship with a woman James had only met once called Sophie Shaw that his grandmother didn't like simply because Sophie Shaw was 'liberal' about somethings whatever that meant. Nikki had told James that was due to Sophie having sex with numerous men and not caring of the consequences but had been told to shut up by her father. Uncle Percy was next married to Aunt Audrey a healer at St Mungo's and they had two girls, Molly his red headed, bookworm cousin who was also sixteen and Lucy who was eight and blonde like Aunt Audrey. Next came Uncle George. James knew he had gone through a rough patch after the death of his twin Uncle Fred in the war, he had battled alcoholism and was now sober and was not only Freddie's father but the father to an eight-year-old Roxanne who looked more like Aunt Angelina than her father. They were not married because as Uncle George said they had never gotten around to it because there had always been something better to do. Freddie was a self-proclaimed accident and James didn't need to be older than eleven to know what that meant. Uncle Ron had two children with Aunt Hermione, Rose who was the same age as Albus, James's brother and who looked like her mother and was as intelligent as her mother and Hugo who was nine nearly and Uncle Ron's younger twin. And then there was his Mum and his Dad, and James Sirius at eleven, Albus Severus at ten and Lily Luna at eight. That you would think would be more than enough family to be getting on with but no, it never stopped there. Including James's three best friends, Charlie, Aidan and Frank, there was also James's godbrother Teddy Lupin who was seventeen and always late to breakfast on account that he could never get up until noon. His godbrother who was not a werewolf but overcompensated by changing his hair every six seconds to a different colour also had expanded the family by ensuring his three best friends were always welcome at the Burrow. Along with his grandmother Andromeda Tonks he had brought along, Theo Rankin, the son of James's dad's second in command Max Rankin, Ben Collins, whose father was a werewolf in the Defence Commission and Malcom Blackwood who had seemingly no father and a muggle mother that baked pies from scratch, threw knifes and shot arrows out of a bow for a hobby and who was dating (kinda) Ben's father depending on how you looked at it. And the sad thing was it never stopped there. His Dad's third in command, Sean D'Medichi who had created a stir by pointing out that when he was a teenager he had smuggled muggleborns across the border to his home country of Italy during the war and not told anyone, had a daughter who too was joining them this year. Alina. Oh Alina, James really liked Alina. Alina was dark haired and called him 'Frogspawn' but James knew deep down soon he would wear her down and they would get married and have a happily ever after. It happened for his grandad after all. This comment had made Teddy smack him on the head with the paper in response but James knew it to be true. Also joining them was Aunt Luna's twin eight year old's Lorcan and Lysander who spent most of their summer's with their grandfather over the hill only James's grandmother didn't trust Xeno Lovegood to feed his grandson's properly. The