Summary: Bella's life changed when the Cullen's left in New Moon, after graduating from high school and escaping the small town that held to many bad memories, she was brought into a world of hate and violence lead by a sadistic bitch named Maria. When Bella is given a second chance at life away from war, she finds someone from her past that will change her life forever. Jasper, now free from the controlling family known as the Cullen's is facing an eternity alone, but that changes when a bright red eyed, and scarred Bella enters his life. Can he help her heal? And what exactly do the Cullen's have to do with what has happened to Bella? Read and find out. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Warning: This story contains real vampires 'human drinking vampires' and not just Peter and Charlotte, some violence and the author has a potty mouth! If any of this offends you, maybe you should find another story. Bella's POV "I promise that this will be the last time you'll see me. I won't come back. I won't put you through anything like this again. You can go on with your life without any more interference from me. It will be as if I'd never existed." My knees must have started to shake, because the trees were suddenly wobbling. I could hear the blood pounding faster than normal behind my ears. His voice sounded farther away. He smiled gently. "Don't worry. You're human—your memory is no more than a sieve. Time heals all wounds for your kind." Well, the asshole was wrong! I spent six months mourning the loss of my first love and the people I had considered my true family. I had nightmares that woke me in the middle of the night, drenched in sweat, with tears streaming down my face, and screaming bloody murder. At first Charlie would come check on me and calm me until I fell asleep again, but after the first two months he let me be. Food no longer held any appeal to me, causing me to drop over twenty pounds and look like a skeleton, bones poking out of everywhere. Purple bruises lined the bottom of my eyes,and my social life had dwindled since no one wanted to be friends with the depressed freak. I only smartened up after Charlie made a threat to send me to Jacksonville, and I truly saw the effects of my depression on him. The nightmares still made occasional appearances, but after a few months I was able to sleep through the night. From then on I focused on my school work and graduated top of the class. When you spent your time alone with nothing to do but study, you got good grades. I received a full scholarship to the University of Texas, and decided to major in journalism. I wanted to write; it had been my dream for years, but when I met that stupid boy, I was willing to throw everything away to spend forever with him. Over time I stopped mourning the Cullen's and became angry with them. Esme and Carlisle told me on a daily basis I was now their daughter, and that I was a part of the family. But they still left me without a word, not even a fucking goodbye. Emmett was supposed to be my big brother, and be my protector from evil, and annoy me to death about being a clumsy human. He was just as heartless as the rest of them- his big, goofy grin fooling unsuspecting humans. Alice claimed to be my best friend, my sister. In reality, I was just a life-size Barbie doll to her, someone she could mould into the perfect doll. Edward, the selfish bastard who told me he loved me, made me believe that we were soul mates, and then left me feeling worthless and alone. I realized I was never really in love with him; I was infatuated with his gorgeous, crooked smile and false promises. I was a stupid, foolish little girl. The only ones I couldn't be angry with were Jasper and Rosalie. Rosalie was honest from day one. She never pretended to like me and make me believe I was a part of the family. A part of me wondered if she was trying to protect me from what the family would eventually do. How many other human's lives have they screwed with? As for Jasper, the poor, misunderstood member of the family, it made sense he would leave. We were not friends, so he had no obligation to me. I knew there was more to him than met the eye. His gift was a true burden that the family took advantage of, and there were days I missed feeling that warm blanket of calm that would wrap around me in times of stress. We may not have been close, but he always treated me nicely. I'm sure we could have been friends if it wasn't for that manipulating pixie, who had him wrapped around her little finger. My anger towards the Cullens fueled my decision to move to Texas for school. I knew the sun would keep away any unwanted visitors, though I was sure the Cullen's had forgotten about me long ago. In August, I moved to a small, one bedroom apartment close to campus in downtown Austin. Within the first week I had gotten a job at a small book store a few minutes away from my apartment. The owner was an elderly woman, though her name was something that had faded from my memories over time. She needed someone who could do the more labor-intensive aspects of the business and could trust to watch the store when she needed a break. Between classes, work, and volunteering at the campus library, my first year passed quickly. I passed with a 4.0 GPA and made it on the Dean's list. I went back to Forks for the summer, wanting to spend time with Charlie. I knew he was concerned about me, and he knew that the Cullen's had done some damage to me that would never heal. For the next two months I spent some quality time with him, even going as far as to go fishing with him a few times. But after the time I knocked us both into the water, we decided to stay on land. By the time I left in late August Charlie felt more comfortable with me being in Austin because he realized I was healing. School started back up in September, and I resumed my job at the book store, often running everything when the owner's health started failing. My life changed in October of 2007, the exact date unknown. The owner of the store had been hospitalized earlier in the day for chest pains. So she asked if I would close the store,since the other girl I worked with wasn't available. The store closed at nine, but a delivery was late and didn't arrive until eleven. After I signed for the delivery and put it in the back room, I locked up and started my journey home. The neighborhood was good, and I had never had a problem walking home late at night, especially since I only lived ten minutes away. Even if I did, I felt safe with the can of mace Charlie gave me on my trip home tucked away in my bag. I took my usual short cut through an alley way that lead to my front door; I was half way through when I realized I was not alone. Within seconds a woman appeared before me, her hair a dark chocolate brown, and her facial features showing her Mexican heritage. By the time I noticed the bright red eyes she had me by my throat against the wall. The fucking irony of the situation made me inwardly chuckle; I had moved over two thousand miles away from Forks to avoid vampires,and I was about to become a meal for one. She was silent, staring at me, probably confused as to why I wasn't screaming or pleading for my life. After that dick stomped on my heart I hadn't been truly living, only going through the motions. It seemed appropriate a vampire would end my existence after a group of them ruined my life. "You're brave, I like that," she said into my ear. "Don't toy with me. I know what you are and what you are about to do, so just get it over with. You'll be doing me a favor," I replied, not letting her sense the fear and sadness I was truly feeling. "You know, I was going to make you my midnight snack. There is something particularly attractive about your blood, but I can sense something else, something that will be more useful to me than a meal I can get anywhere." "What are you going to do to me?" I asked, the first sense of fear slipping through. "You'll see soon enough," she said. And that is the last thing I remember before I felt her razor sharp teeth pierce my skin. I can't accurately describe the pain that is brought on by the transformation. I remember the feeling of hot lava running through my veins, the erratic beating of my heart as the flames lapped at it, charring it in to ash. The only relief came from the screams I was able to release when I was conscious. After three days I awoke. At first I was stunned into silence by the small dirt particles in the air, and all the bright colors I could see. When I sat up, at an inhuman speed,I noticed there was a human lying on the ground beside me, with blood pooling from a small wound on their wrist. The smell drove me crazy; I felt the fire again, but only in my throat. I fought to swallow it down, but it was like drinking acid. I fought with my new demon, to reason with myself that I should be like the Cullen's and drink from animals. But then the little devil got inside my head. My anger at the Cullen's soon became the only thing I could think about, and I killed that human to spite them. I expected to be depressed and guilt-ridden when I was finished, but I wasn't. I'm still not sure if that makes me a bad person or not, but at that point, all I wanted was blood. I later learned of the hell I had been brought into. My sire's name was Maria and she was the leader of a newborn army that I was now a part of. My life was to become nothing more than fighting and blood. Newborn armies had been around since the early 1800s. The vampires in the south fought for territory, which is really just a nicer way of saying feeding grounds. Maria had created her army in the late 1800s. She had originally been created as a soldier, but she decided to make her own when her army was destroyed. I soon learned that there was more to this army life than first expected. As a newborn I was trained day and night by the older vampires. The fights were brutal, often ending up with two newborns going at it and ripping limbs off each other, or biting the other. I had, unfortunately, been on the receiving ends of both too many times to count. I knew something was up when newborns that had passed their first year started disappearing. I found out that when a newborn had passed its first year they lost all their extra strength, and we