Even when you were fighting thousands upon thousands of orcs, you were still hopelessly distracted by the elf standing less than 10 feet away from you. How is that even possible? With the extremely high risk of death, air of impending doom, and the adrenaline of battling, it is only logical to assume that one should be able to keep their thoughts away from the one and only Prince of Mirkwood, Legolas Greenleaf? However this was not the case as you managed to deflect the spear of one of your many attackers while trying to make sure his highness's royal arse alive. Seriously, you were going to get stabbed if you kept looking over every three seconds to make sure he hadn't gotten himself killed. This had been an issue before of the quest for the One Ring: The time at Amon Hen when you were so distracted for Legolas's safety, you lost focus for a second, allowing an Uruk Hai to cut you across your torso; the time you were fighting at the Mines of Moria, and a cave troll almost cut your arm off while you were trying to help Legolas fend off the oncoming orcs; also, there were the countless times you had lost all focus while staring at the blue-eyed elf causing you to trip and fall, which resulted in you almost stabbing yourself with your own sword. Thankfully, unlike most maidens, you had been training with a sword, bow, knives, and really any weapon since you were old enough to walk, so you hadn't severely injured yourself...yet. A few minutes into battle, you heard a voice by your ear, causing you to jump in surprise, "Twenty nine."The Prince of Mirkwood said as he shot an arrow into the eye of an Uruk Hai."Ha, thirty seven!" You said as you beheaded a particularly ugly orc. You both laughed as you heard Gimli huff in frustration as he struggled to catch up. "This is reminds me of the time at Amon Hen." Legolas yelled over the noise. "This is nothing like the time at Amon Hen!" You exclaimed incredulously. "There has to be at least ten times more people out to kill us than usual!" "Well that, and the fact that it only took two minutes into battle before you almost started bleeding to death." He said, smirking when he remembered how he had to save you. "I think this a new record for you not getting fatally injured yet." "Oh please," you rolled your eyes, "I have saved you elven arse like seven thousand times, you saved me once." You looked back at him with that look still on his face. "Wipe that damn smirk off your face, you look like a love child of Saruman and an orc." He quickly stopped and went back to killing the opposing soldiers. You turned back to your killing spree, your mind starting to flash with memories of your time with the fellowship: the day they met you in the forest shortly after their departure and decided you would be a valuable companion to have along; The time Boromir grudgingly admitted that a girl might be a better fighter than a man after you beat him in a sword fight; having a drinking competition with the hobbits and Gimli (Sam won, believe it or not.) The first time you had an actual conversation with Legolas after screwing up your courage to talk to him; and your favorite, the time you realized you were in love with the Prince of the Woodland Realm. The night air was silent. Everyone was looking intently at you and Legolas sitting across from one another, the tension thick in the air. "You can always back out if you wish, princess." Legolas smiled mischievously, his eyes glinting with defiance, "There is no shame in surrendering when one know they are beat?" You merely scoffed and replied, "Oh please, pretty boy, I'm always up for a challenge." You both took your stances, determination etched on both of your faces. "For the love of Gondor, I cannot look!" Boromir exclaimed dramatically as he turned away from your faceoff. Frodo finished counting down and almost immediately you let out a cry of victory. "Ha, parchment beats stone; I have proven man the superior race!" You pranced around in victory, high fiving your fellow humans, Aragorn and Boromir. "Explain to me again why parchment beats stone; stone obviously is more durable." Legolas asked, confusion lacing his voice. There was a collective groan throughout the camp. "Oh my gods, we are not going through it again, that is simply how the game works." You said exasperatedly for what seemed the thousandth time. Everyone else looked at each other and went to bed, not wanting to be present for the metaphorical storm that was coming. "Well considering the faulty aspects of this game, I have deemed your victory false." He said in mock arrogance. "Says the elf who just got his butt kicked by a human." "Unlike you humans, elves don't have such petty weaknesses."He said while ruffling your hair. "Oh really? You sure about that Leggy?" You asked slyly as you reached over the table. Legolas's eyes widened as he realized what you were going to do, but it was too late. You grabbed him by the ears and he immediately started laughing hysterically. "Aria s-stop thA-At's not fair." He barely managed to get out between laughs. "I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you over your elven ego." You said in mock innocence, "Now what was that about 'No weaknesses'? Just admit, pretty boy, humans are superior." "We'll see about that, Princess." You started to roll your eyes at the ridiculous nickname until he started tickling your sides. "Legolas, I-I will rip y-y-your dainty elven ears o-o-off if you d-don't get of m-mEE!" You threatened between giggles. "Admit the elven race if superior and maybe I will release you." "N-never!" This went on for several minutes before Legolas stopped tickling you and you just sat there, staring at each other. You became increasingly aware of how close you were to him. I could just lift my head and our lips would be touching. That would be pleasan-. You made your mind go blank as soon as it started to form. Your cheeks started to redden as you processed what you were thinking. Legolas started to blush as he too started to realize the awkward position you were in, but made no move to get up. Just as you were screwing up your courage to just get it over with and kiss him, Pippin started in his sleep, causing you to snap out of your daze and put some distance between you. Things were abhorrently awkward until you heard Legolas say, "You do have to admit, our hair is pretty superior." Legolas said, gesturing to himself. You started laughing and said, "I wouldn't flaunt that, pretty boy." He tried glaring at you, but after a few seconds, a smile broke through and you both broke out in horribly concealed laughter. I love how he can make me laugh. I love him...WAIT WHAT? Nopenopenopenope that did not just happen! Happy thoughts, puppies, killing your enemies, not Legolas. You looked over at the blonde elf to see if he had witnessed the inner war with yourself, to catch him looking up at the stars with a dazed look on his face. You only realized you had been staring for quite a while when he looked down and met your gaze with a smile, sending butterflies in your stomach. Oh my Gondor, I am so screwed. You smiled at the memory and focused back on the fight, listening to Gimli and Legolas argue about their count. But as the battle wore on, conversation diminished as you fully concentrated on fighting. You kept stabbing, slashing, and decapitating Sauron's army, but it seemed to make no difference. You then heard a deafening roar that drew your attention. You whipped around to be greeted with the sight of Aragorn lying at the feet of an enormous troll. Everything seemed to go in slow motion as you started cutting through the sea of soldiers to him with your bow drawn, but you knew you wouldn't make it to him in time. He tried, seemingly in vain, to distract the troll by stabbing it in the foot. Suddenly, the troll drew back from Aragorn and began to retreat away from him. Oh come on, I know you were kinda stabbed and everything, but you literally pick your teeth with that puny blade, man up. You thought as you rolled your eyes. You soon found out why the troll had retreated when your attention had been drawn by a high pitched, agonizing screech coming from the tower which held the Eye of Sauron. Slowly, everyone stopped fighting to witness the amazing sight before you. The tower started to rumble then started caving in, bringing the Eye down until it disappeared into oblivion. The ground starts crumbling, taking the majority of Saruman's army. The remaining opposing soldiers started fleeing the opposite direction, but everyone was too busy rejoicing to notice. Merry started cheering Frodo's name as everyone let out cries of joy. You turned and started scanning the crowd for a certain elven prince. You spotted a flash of platinum blonde and then you met his gaze. "Legola-!" was all you got out before you felt a flash of pain before you crumpled to the ground. The last thing you heard was your name being called before you slipped into a cloak of darkness. LEGOLAS POV I had dared to hope it was over. Seeing that tower collapse to the ground, I had started to hope we would all get out of this alive, that maybe I would have the courage to tell her. Yet here I was feeling broken inside while cradling Ariadne's head in my lap, barely paying any attention to the erupting volcano Frodo and Sam were on. Right as the last of the other army was retreating, one Uruk Hai had launched a small thin arrow at Ariadne's back. When I saw the surprise and pain in her eyes before she crumpled in a heap to the ground, I drew three arrows and shot them all simultaneously at the Uruk Hai. I then rushed over to where she was lying and started to examine the seriousness of her wounds. She was already bleeding heavily from the waist area. When I started to attempt to remove the arrow, she started to rouse from her unconsciousness. I started whispering words of comfort to her as I continued to try to remove the arrow. The blood was slowly blossoming across her tunic as she gave a cry of pain from me snapping the arrow in half. I quickly tore my cloak into pieces to wrap Aria's torso. The blood wasn't stopping its flow, even as I tried tightening the bandages. She winced in pain and stilled my hands. "Legolas," Her voice cracking from effort. She started coughing as blood caught in her throat. "Stop, it's no use." "Don't say that, you're going to be alright. I promise." I said softly, not quite sure who I was trying to convince. "Legolas, we both know that isn't true," Her voice started weakening with strain," I-I just wanted to say I-I am in love with you Legolas. I could not tell you b-before because you are an e-elf and I am a human…we could never compare to your superior hair." She joked, despite the melancholy of the situation, "I needed you t-to know before I…" Her eyes started to drift shut. "No, stay awake Ariadne, don't leave me," I willed her to open her blue eyes again, "Aria,please, I need you...I love you," but it was all in vain. Her body started to grow cold and tears started to form in my eyes. I cradled her head in my lap and then let out