Chapter 1 Percy I didn't want to fall in love with a princess. I honestly didn't. Now, some of you must be thinking that I'm a weird person, for not wanting to fall for a princess. I mean, a princess has it all right? The beauty, the grace, the brains, everything. But no. The princess I fell for had them all, but everything's different. Everybody wants a good love story. Like a fairytale-like love story. Where the guy's the prince and the girl's the princess. But it isn't the same thing for my princess and me. I was a commoner, and she was a, well, a princess. I'm not exactly a lowly commoner because I had at least money, but it's the same story. She was like heaven and I was like earth. We're so close, but so far. She's just totally out of my league. I'll introduce myself first. My name's Percy Jackson, and I just turned seventeen last week. I live in a nice apartment in New York with my Mom and stepdad. My real dad died when I was just a baby, so I didn't get to see him. But whenever I see the pictures of him and Mom, I knew they must really have loved each other. I don't know. I never met him. Anyways, I'm a senior in Goode High. Until now, I still can't actually believe that I got to study in Goode. I mean, it's a really rich and prestigious school. It's really big, and there's a baseball, football, and soccer field. There's even a race track, and there are two huge swimming pools. The buildings are like mansions, and almost every student there is, well, rich. Emphasis on almost. Not everyone, like me. The rich kids are those of big families. They're heirs, major shareholders, or just plain rich. I'm not an heir, a shareholder, or rich, but my stepdad (he's cool, by the way) works there as an English teacher, so I got to study there as well. Honestly, I think my life's pretty cool. We're not exactly rich, but at least I've never missed a meal and I have everything I needed, and some of the things I wanted. I'm contented with that. So how did a princess come into the story, you ask? Well, because Goode's a school for rich kids, there's a chance royalties might attend. I had a few friends who are royalty (though they kept in secret), but we never thought we'd have another addition. And it so happened that I'm the first to know that she's a princess. And suddenly I started falling for her. Things come when you least expect them to. And a certain gray-eyed royalty stole my heart when I least expected her to do so, too. ~oOo~ Annabeth I walked through the great halls furiously, my cheeks pink and my fists clenched. Honestly! What did my mother want now? It was already evening, and I was supposed to be spending the time alone in my room while I go to the Internet. And to think, she even made me wear a freaking dress! I mean the skirts-that-reach-the-ankle-and-keeps-tugging-at-your-shoes type of dress. And it snagged on the heels that she also had me wear. Aarrgghh! "Damn!" I cursed out loud, not caring if anybody heard. Huh. I removed the shoes from my feet and chucked them as far as they would go. They landed near the big pendulum clock that was on the center of the big living room. With the feet devils away from my sore feet, I lifted my skirts and rushed to the throne room. I opened the two big doors, and then I ran to where my mother was, my feet padding on the soft carpet. My mother, Queen Athena, stood up when she saw me. She was wearing a long gray dress, and she wasn't wearing her crown. She still looked regal, though. She always does. I curtsied in front of her, and I smirked when she frowned when she saw that I was barefoot. I straightened up and brushed a stray blonde curl away from my eyes. "Mother," I said. Athena nodded and clasped her hands together. "What do you want?" "I want to talk to you, Annabeth," she said. "About your responsibilities as the princess of Olympia." I resisted the urge to roll my eyes at her. "What about them?" I tried to keep the impatience in my voice unnoticeable. "It seems to me that you are not doing your duties," my mother said, her brows furrowing and disapproval in her gray eyes. "What do you mean?" I said. "What did you do to the last prince who came to visit?" she inquired. "Prince Jonathan, wasn't it?" "I did what I had to do with him," I said dryly. "Obviously I sent him away." "You can't keep shunning your suitors, Annabeth!" Mom's eyes flashed with anger. "He was the twenty-seventh prince in eight months that you have sent away. You're already seventeen, and we still haven't found you a suitable husband." "For god's sake, Mom!" I almost shouted. "Why do you keep finding me a guy? Can't I just live my life normally and find my own boyfriend when the time comes?" "You cannot live normally!" Mom said. "You are a princess. You cannot marry anyone who isn't royalty. By the time you turn eighteen you should be married!" "Prince William married Kate Middleton and she wasn't royalty," I retorted. "Why can't I do the same?" "Because it's different," Athena said. "Completely different from your case." "Well what about you and Dad?" I snapped. "He wasn't royalty. And I'm a princess." My mother was silent for a while, and I could see sadness in her eyes. "It was a mistake, what we did," she said quietly. "So I'm a mistake?" I said harshly. "Well, tell you what; I'd rather be a commoner than be a princess." "It doesn't matter!" Athena snapped. "My family is of pure blood –therefore, there is more royal blood to you than a commoner's. You are a princess and always will be. Therefore you should fulfill your responsibilities!" "I don't give a damn about my responsibilities!" I said. "I don't care about them. I'm not gonna get married next year. Now if you'll please excuse me, I need to go to my room." With that, I turned around and stormed out of the throne room. I officially hate my life. Why does it have to be like this? I guess I should probably introduce myself first. My name is Annabeth Chase, and I'm a princess. Not just any kind of princess. I happened to be the princess of one of the richest places in the world, the Kingdom of Olympia. Now don't get deceived when I say I'm a princess. I don't live in castles with moats and knights and carriages, if that's what you think. No, I'm a modern-day princess. Uh, duh? This is the 21st century! And Olympia isn't a medieval city too. It's just like New York or Vegas. When I said I didn't live in a castle… well, I'm sorry about that. Of course I live in a castle! What princess doesn't? But my castle didn't look like the ones you see in movies or the others from other kingdoms. It's big, yes, but it looked more like a mansion, only thrice the size of a normal one. I can prove that I'm a modern-day princess –I have gadgets, I use cars instead of carriages, and the palace was air conditioned. Umm… is that enough? And, I don't wear ball gowns like old-time princesses do. I only wear casual dresses, but I prefer t-shirts with jeans and sneakers. I wear gowns on special occasions, but not those exaggerated ones. Just simple yet elegant. I mean, who wears puffed out sleeves with ruffles and tights with wigs these days? Anyways, I headed to my room and opened the door. Then I locked it behind me. I discarded the frilly dress that my mother had me wear, and exchanged it for comfortable pajamas. Then I turned the air condition on, and then I plopped into my bed. I really loved my room. The whole palace, actually. But mostly my room. It looks like a normal teenager's room, only grander and bigger, I guess. It's big, and two of the walls were painted mint-green while the rest are painted baby pink. My bed was in the center, and the comforters were owl-printed and I had many pillows. I had large windows, and I had these pretty white curtains. The floor was wood, but most of it is covered with my soft carpet. I had a mini-living room there, complete with couches and a coffee table. A flat screen was suspended on the wall, and below that was the console where I put my DVD's. Then on another part of the wall was my beloved bookshelf. Did I mention that I really loved reading? The shelves were filled from top to bottom with all my favorite books. For example, The Hunger Games, The Mortal Instruments, The Chronicles of Narnia, and all those kind of good books. I grabbed my gray iPhone from the bedside table and flicked it open. There were two missed calls from my best friend, Thalia Grace. I put my phone away and turned the TV on. I was scrolling through Netflix when I heard a knock on the door. "Come in," I called, putting the remote down. The door opened and one of the servants, her name was Josephine, entered. She bowed slightly. "Good evening, Your Highness," she said. "Your mother sent me to inform you that Prince Luke Castellan of Sobryta will be arriving tomorrow with his father, King Hermes. Queen Athena says that you are to get up early and get ready to meet them." "Thanks, Josephine," I said. "You can go now." Josephine smiled and bowed again, and then she exited the room, closing the door gently behind her. I let out a groan and let the remote fall to the ground with a thud. Not again. Another suitor? But I just sent the latest away, like, last week! What the heck is wrong with my mother? I really hate being a princess. If only I was just a normal teenager, happy and free. Without knowing it, I fell asleep, still miserable and desperate. ~oOo~ "Turn around, Your Highness," My stylist, Carinthia, said. I slowly did so I was facing the mirror. And damn, she was right of what she said a minute ago. Not to brag or anything, but I looked breathtaking. I was wearing this pretty white dress that somehow looked like a wedding dress, except it had tinges of blue in it. The bodice was tight and was decorated with crystals and blue gems, and the skirt was ruffled. My hair was done in what they called "chignon." Honestly, it was just a complicated term of bun or French pleat, but all in all it looked good on me. As requested by me, I didn't have a lot of make-up on. But Carinthia did a good job in making me look pretty. Oh well. She said I was pretty normally, anyway. Today's the day. Prince Luke Castellan and his father, the king of Sobryta, King Hermes, will arrive today. And like the usual, I would have to talk to him, and then Mom will engage us and blah, blah, blah. Huh. Good luck with that, though. Because I'm not marrying anyone. After Carinthia fit on the stupid 6-inch heels that I would have to wear on my feet for me, I thanked her and strode out of the dressing room and made my way to the dining room. While I was walking, horrible thoughts came into my mind. What if Luke didn't look good? What if he was way older than me? What if he had broken, yellow, or crooked teeth? What