Disclaimer: Character names and some locations in the story belong to Stephenie Meyer, all plot and story-line enclosed belong solely to JessAndTAT, no copyright infringement intended. Check us out on Facebook on either of our groups, links available on our profile page. One time WARNING: This is an OLDERWARD story. Bella is 14 at the start of the story, and Edward is 31. There is a seventeen year difference. HOWEVER... there will not be any type or kind of child-porn involved in this story. HUGE THANKS to our behind the scenes chickas' : Sally/TooCute & Nikky/WeeKitty - These gals are the BOMB! ~BL~ Chapter 1: Freshman Year Summer Dear Diary, I am so scared. I'm leaving today to spend the summer with my dad. I've never been on a plane before, and I'm scared of heights. I see my dad twice a year, but this is the first time I will be spending more than a couple of days with him. Carlisle is the team doctor for the St. Louis Cardinals. I know it will be cool to spend the summer traveling with him, but it's gonna be hard to be away from my mom; she's my best friend. Dad said I can come home if I don't like it, but I won't know until I try. Mom says I'm old enough now, and even though I'm terrified, I'm also really excited. Now that I'm old enough, my mom has started to tell me more and more about how I was brought in to this world. I know one thing for sure: I am never going to play seven minutes in heaven. I don't think kids really play that anymore, anyway. I'm lucky, though. My life could have been all kinds of messed up, but I had pretty good parents. I didn't understand all their choices, but I was always well taken care of. Mom says I can talk to Dad about any of the stuff she's told me, but I don't think I can bring myself to question him; we've never been close like that. Anyway, they just called my flight, so I'll write more later. ~BL~ My heart is racing as Mom and I sit near the terminal. She's been reassuring me that everything is going to be fine. We made sure that I had an aisle seat so I wasn't temped to look out the window. As long as I don't see how high up we were, I'll be okay. When we were talking about how I was going to get to my dad, I had to open my big fat mouth without thinking and suggest I could fly on my own. Now, I wanted one of them with me to help calm my nerves. I'm just hoping that once the plane is in the air, everything will be okay. I know my mom is sad about me leaving, but she said that Dad has always wanted to spend summers with me, his job just kept him too busy. I wasn't old enough to travel with the team before, but now that I'm fourteen, well I guess that means I'm old enough now. My dad is pretty cool. He's more my friend than my father, but I feel the same way about my mother. They were young when they had me, and they barely knew each other; Mom was fourteen and Carlisle was fifteen. Once I learned that piece of information, I understood why she was a little overprotective when it came to boys. I remember Carlisle freaking out last year when I was hanging out with Jake. I told him we were just friends, but he still told me that boys weren't good to hang out with. I remember laughing at him and rolling my eyes. Jake wasn't in to girls, and he was my only friend that I really hung out with outside of school. He told me that he liked boys, and who was I to judge? I didn't think you could really know such a thing at thirteen, but he said that's how he felt. It was our secret, and I wasn't planning on telling anyone about it. "Be safe and call me whenever you want," Elizabeth, my mother, said with tears in her eyes. "Please don't cry," I beg, knowing that I would end up crying too. "I love you, and I'll call when I land." "Okay, I love you, too. Make sure you have fun." "I will. Bye, Mom," I say as I take a shaky breath and turn away to board the plane. After all the instructions are given, I put my ear buds in my ears, and try to relax as much as possible. Once we are in the air, I'm fine and realize that flying isn't as scary as I thought it was going to be. I'm shocked that my four hour flight went by with in a blink of an eye. Landing is rough and I end up getting pretty nervous, but I manage to make it through. My dad is going to be meeting me at the baggage claim, so I'm hoping to find it easily. I know international airports can sometimes have several baggage claims, so it can get pretty confusing. The airport is huge and very intimidating. As soon as I turn my cell phone back on, it starts to go crazy with messages. My flight was ten minutes late in arriving, and my mom has already called five times. She probably thought I forgot to turn my phone on when I got off the plane. I send her a quick text telling her I made it, and that I will call her once I get settled. Her text back to me is a book, telling me how worried she was. I know this is as hard on her as it is for me. We've only had a hand-full of nights apart in fourteen years. Mom worked her way through high school and was even able to attend college. She worked from home mostly after she graduated. She's an accountant, and is the most popular person in our town at tax time. She also has a few clients that she keeps the books for. She has made a good life for the two of us. I know my dad helped, but I'm not sure exactly how much. Mom always said that children didn't need to worry about money. I knew my grandparents helped her out, too, but I only knew that because I had eavesdropped on one of their phone calls. A couple of years ago, Mom just couldn't make ends meet, and I could hear in her voice that she didn't want to ask for help. She always made sure I had what I wanted and needed. She is truly a great mother. My grandmother, Renee, took care of me when mom was working or at school. I remember always having a good time with her, and I still do. I don't see them as often as I used to, but that's because Mom is always really busy. Now that I'm spending the summer with my dad, I know I'll see them even less. When I get back home and before school starts, I need to make time to see them. As I look around the busy airport, I realize I need to call my dad. "I'm lost," I say after my father picks up his cell. I hear him chuckle as he asks where I am. I feel like a dumbass, but there's not much I can do. I've never been in this airport before, or any other airport for that matter – except the one I flew out of earlier. My dad is a carefree guy. I don't think I've ever heard him raise his voice or order me to do something. When he came to visit, we would go shopping and then out to dinner; he has never had to father me. Who knows? He may hate having me around and ship me back to my mom after a week. I'm nervous that he won't like me. I know we'll be doing a lot of traveling and he will most likely be busy a lot, so maybe I'll be able to make it longer than a week. I don't really understand baseball much, so this whole trip is going to be a learning experience. Once my father rescues me, we go to retrieve my bags and then head to the parking garage. The ride from the airport to his house isn't long, but it is quiet. He asks how school went, and my reply is like any other typical teenager. "Fine." Next, he asks if I am excited about the summer, so I say, "yes." I know he's trying, but I really don't know what to talk to him about. "We're having some people over tonight for dinner. I have a pool, so it should be a good time," he says with shrug. "You're not too tired, are you?" "No, I'm good," I say as I chew on my lip. After that, the ride is quiet again. We pull up to his house. It's not small, but it isn't huge, either. We walk in, and I notice that Carlisle looks as nervous as I feel. He shows me to my room that I didn't know I would have. "Um...Esme, my girlfriend – you'll meet her today – picked everything out. She has a daughter your age," he says as I nod. I don't know how I feel about the whole 'girlfriend' word. I can't remember my mom having boyfriends in the past. I knew it could happen, but I honestly don't know how to react. "Just get settled in and then come on down. Everyone will be here soon." He kisses me on the forehead before he walks out of the room. It's hard to believe that he is only thirty-one and is my dad. I really don't know a lot about him. I sit on the bed and call my mom. We talk for almost forty-five minutes before we hang up with each other. A few tears slip down my cheeks when I hear voices float up from the open window. I walk to the wall and watch as Carlisle sips a beer and gives a woman a kiss. She looks nice enough, and smiles at my dad like she loves him. I see a younger girl sitting next to them, texting on her phone. She has short, spiky hair, and her shorts look really short. I start to wonder if that's Esme's daughter. My dad looks up to me and nods his head, telling me to come down, but I'm not ready. I move from the window and change in to a bikini that my mom bought for me. The bottoms are like boy shorts, and the top just ties around my neck and back. I put my shorts and shirt back on, not knowing if I'll actually go swimming. I walk back to the window to see that three more men and another woman have shown up. One of the guys kinda looks like Esme, but I can't be sure. Esme's daughter is leaning over, showing her cleavage to some blond guy, and Esme is talking with the tall blond woman. They all look so happy and comfortable with each other, and I just don't know how I am going to fit in to their little group. I get a text from Jake, and it makes me smile. He sent a picture of himself making a funny face, telling me not forget him. Like that could happen. He tells me when I get home we have to have a sleep over so I can tell him about all the hot guys I meet. Yeah, I was pretty sure he knew his sexual orientation. "What's so funny?" Carlisle asks, making me jump. "You scared me," I say with