Okay so this idea has been bouncing around in my head for months and I finally got it onto paper in 3 days. I made myself cry writing this so fair warning to all of you. If you want to get into the mood of things, listen to the songs Suns and Stars (what this fic is named after) by Really Slow Motion and ...To Die For from the Lion King Soundtrack. And if you can name all the books the quotes are from, I'll be really impressed! Give me feedback at the end! Enjoy. It was Annabeth's eighth birthday and she knew that Luke knew something and it was related to her. She tried to get Luke to spill the information because she hated being left out in the dark about things but he wouldn't relent. She would scrunch her nose and eyebrows with her arms crossed to try and guilt trip Luke but he seemed more persistent to not let her know than usual. Luke was her only friend at Camp. Even though she had been living here just shy under a year all the campers were much older than her. They often excluded her from their activities because of her age and it frustrated her. The Ares kids would pick on her making Annabeth start fights with them. The Hermes kids would pull pranks at her expense, but once Luke caught wind he would yell at his half-siblings and cabin mates, but it wouldn't stop them the next time they did it on her. But today was Annabeth's birthday. She hoped that since it was her special day they would treat her a little nicer. She hopped off her bed and quickly got ready for the start of her day. When she was ready she ran over to the Big House to see Chiron standing in his full centaur form with a smile on his face. Annabeth bounded right up to the only real father figure she had and hugged him tightly. He petted her hair gently. "Happy birthday my child," he said to her. She got off the centaur and looked up at him with a big smile on her face. Chiron was the real reason she felt at home here no matter what the campers thought of her. He was worth staying. "I have a gift for you as well my dear. Follow me." They both walked inside the Big House and into the office that Chiron has in the back. It's filled with various schedules, report cards and pictures of campers past and present giving it a messy look. This was her favorite place to hang out in her free time. Chiron was rustling through various drawers and papers before he turned around with two books in his hands. Annabeth's gray eyes widened and brightened with delight at the sight of books. She grabbed them from Chiron's hands and almost fell down from the weight. Chiron and Annabeth stifled little giggles. The first book was a big one that was emerald green in color. In gold lettering written in Ancient Greek read: Greek and Roman Myths. She opened it up to see beautiful illustrations of heroes, heroines, gods, goddesses and monsters with their stories written inside. Annabeth felt giddy looking at it. The second book was smaller and it was red with black lettering on the cover. It was an architecture book which made her even more excited. There were pictures in this book as well with definitions and explanations for all the terminology. Inside the front cover of both was a handwritten message from Chiron. Happy birthday Annabeth. May the gods bless you with all the knowledge you can obtain. Chiron "Thank you so much Chiron! This made my birthday even more special," she said affectionately to her mentor. They hugged again before the both of them walked out to the big wrap around porch. It was still early and campers were just getting ready for their day. Some were heading to the dining hall for breakfast still in their pajamas and looking like they just woke up. Others were heading to the shower first. "Do you need help carrying your books to the cabin?" Chiron asked. Annabeth stood up straight and stuck her chin out in pride. Her grip around her books tightened. "No thank you, I can handle it myself," she said with a prideful tone. Chiron knew what her fatal flaw was from the beginning but he always wanted to try and help her anyway. He gave a soft smile and nodded his head. "Very well. I'll see you for dinner tonight. Happy Birthday my dear." With that she skipped down the steps and all the way to her cabin with the heavy books in hand. Some campers would say happy birthday to her and greet her with a smile. Annabeth immediately picked up that it was unusual. Most kids didn't even acknowledge her and now they were. She would hesitantly smile and thank them before continuing to walk. When she opened the door to the cabin all her half-siblings were waiting and they call screamed "Happy birthday Annabeth!" She was so startled she almost dropped her books on the floor. She just stood there for a few moments processing what was happening. Marius, one of the older kids came up and wrapped an arm around her. Even though he was her half-brother she felt uncomfortable with him so close to her and showing such affection suddenly. It was out of character. But she didn't make any move to get away from him and causing speculation among the others. "Happy birthday kiddo. Some of us got something great planned for you today." "What is it?" she asked suspiciously. He gave a smile that reminded her of the Cheshire Cat from Alice in Wonderland and it made her stomach churn. "It's a surprise kiddo. But after lunch, come back here and I'll show you." Annabeth slowly nodded reluctantly agreeing to go with her older half-brother. She figured it was just another harmless prank they were going to pull on her again. At this point she didn't really care all too much. She put her new books from Chiron on her bed and headed off to the Dining Hall where she met up with Luke. When she saw him he looked a little nervous. She couldn't understand why though. So she ran up to him and pulled on his shirt to grab his attention. He looked down with his bright blue eyes and smiled at her. He picked her up and swung her around in his arms getting giggles to erupt out of her. "Luke put me down!" she screeched. After another spin her put her down and crouched to her level. He rustled her hair much to her annoyance and tried to get her curls back in order again. But she could never stay mad at Luke for long. He was her best friend, her only friend. "Happy birthday Beth? How old are you sixteen now?" "No! I'm eight!" she responded. His blue eyes widened in surprise. "Eight?! Oh my gods you're so old!" She giggled at his response. "I'm not as old as you are! You're fifteen and old!" "I am not old," he defended with his arms crossed. "Are too, one of the oldest in Camp." He pursed his lips and raised a blonde eyebrow at Annabeth. "Whatever you say Beth." She was proud she won the little argument between the two of them. She usually did but she was always proud anyway. Annabeth then remembered the worried look on his face before and decided to address it. "Why did you look so worried Luke?" she asked. His body tensed up and the playful banter they had going before came to an abrupt stop. The look on his face came back again but he was trying to hide it. "Nothing you should worry about Beth. Just some punk campers at it again." Her face dropped when he referenced the campers who usually picked on her. She would always defend herself but she was only a little kid and they'd remind her of that. "Does it have to do with me again?" she whispered. Luke put both of his big hands on her shoulders. "Hey look at me Beth," he quietly commanded. She followed and looked into his bright blue eyes. "I will always protect you okay? Even when you're big and strong enough to do it on your own, I will always be there for you. Family right?" She nodded feeling a little better. "Family." Just like Marius told her, she went back into her cabin after lunch. Marius was already waiting for her when she arrived. Annabeth gave him a small smile and wave as a greeting and he gave it back. "Are you going to tell me what it is now?" she asked wanting desperately to know what was happening. He just clicked his tongue and shook his head stepping forward. "It's still a surprise Annabeth. But don't worry okay? I'm going to blindfold you so the surprise won't be ruined okay?" he said softly trying to reassure her. Annabeth had a feeling churning in the pit of her stomach. She was nervous for whatever this might be but she agreed anyway. Luke's words echoed in her mind. I will always protect you okay? He would save her if anything bad happened to her, like he always did. He always kept his promises to her. She let Marius put the cloth over her eyes and blindly escort her to wherever she was going. Marius' hands were on her shoulders guiding her to where the surprise is. She had no bearing on her and had no idea where she was. "Okay guys I got her!" Marius screamed. It startled Annabeth because he'd been silent the whole way. She heard the cheers of others coming closer. Annabeth tried to get her blindfold off but she felt a pair of hands hold her arms to her side. She was freaking out by now and panicking. She was suddenly lifted off the floor and being carried somewhere. She heard the sound of a door being burst open and she was thrown inside. A whizzing sound came to her left and right and she started to cough. Smoke bombs had been thrown inside wherever she was to blind her when she took the cloth off her face. The door was slammed shut again leaving her alone. She had no idea where she was and was trying to figure it out. From outside she heard the laughing of the older kids who picked and pranked on her. Suddenly her head felt like it was going to explode and she crumbled to the ground. "YOU DARE DESECRATE MY CABIN ATHENA SPAWN? I WILL PUNISH YOU THE WAY YOUR MOTHER PUNISHED SOMEONE I LOVED TOO." A booming voice came inside her head. She started to scream in agony as her body felt like it was being ripped apart and sewn back together again. She felt like her brain was melting and she was set on fire. Annabeth grabbed her hair and she realized that it was falling out of her head. She had no idea what was happening to her. "SOMEONE HELP ME PLEASE! PLEASE SOMEONE!" She screamed in mercy. Annabeth crawled her way towards the door and started to bang on it. Her legs weren't working anymore and she was too afraid to look at them. Through the haze of the smoke she saw her hands grow green scales and her nails became sharper. She dug them into the wooden door dragging them down in agony. From the outside she heard the doorknob jiggle as someone tried to get in. Their body pushed against the door but it wouldn't budge. "Annabeth?! Annabeth are you in there?" The familiar voice of Luke came from the other side. Tears were running down her face. She was