Because shit is about to hit the fan during the last two weeks of the semester and I am feeling angsty and stressed. So I wrote an angsty fic about Annabeth in the two weeks Percy was MIA on Calypso's island. And also because there's not enough of pre-percabeth here anymore. Also, the last scene is dialogue taking from Battle of the Labyrinth just flipped to Annabeth's POV. So I hope you like it! Reviews are welcome! Warning: some minor graphic descriptions in a dream. Nothing too terrible. Also some cursing. And it was not beta'd at all. I will own up to my mistakes. Annabeth felt like she had lead in her stomach as she ran down the tunnel. Having to split from Percy was the hardest thing she's ever had to do, and she felt guilty just leaving him there to defend himself against all those telekhines. He might be the strongest demigod she's ever met, but he was still just one person, someone who was fourteen years old for gods sake. The tunnel wasn't the same one that she and Percy came in from. The labyrinth was always changing, which was something that frustrated Annabeth to no end. But the little mechanical spider she had to follow back to Hephaestus didn't seem to have any problems navigating it. She didn't know how far she had run away from Mount St. Helens, but apparently, it wasn't far enough. The tunnel seemed to be made out of solid limestone, and it was almost unbearable to breathe in because of the heat and humidity. She heard a gut-wrenching scream that made her stop in her tracks, allowing the spider to keep on running ahead of her. Annabeth felt her stomach drop to her feet. She recognized that voice. It was Percy's. Their little argument replayed itself in her mind. Him telling her to get out, she refusing to leave him in fears that he would be killed. Then she went ahead and kissed him. Annabeth wished that she had been able to look at his stunned face for more than a split second. She wished that she hadn't kissed him because she was fearful that she'd never see him again. And then she ran off with fleeting words telling him to be careful. A moment after his scream, a jet stream of steam and heat blasted down the corridor, so powerful that it slammed Annabeth to the ground and knocked the wind right out of her lungs. She heard an explosion that shook the tunnel, sprinkling dirt and rock down onto her. Annabeth covered her head to avoid getting hit. Annabeth felt tears start to come out from her eyes. But she had no time. She lifted her head to see the spider as just a little glimpse of metal in the distance. She couldn't lose her only navigation back to the god. She stood up and started sprinting as fast as she could. Soon enough she was back with the spider who brought her to Hephaestus. The god was hammering around, still working on that car. He didn't even notice Annabeth was there until the spider scurried its way to the god. Only then did he roll out from under the car and look at her. "What do you have to report, daughter of Athena?" he asked, tinkering with the spider until it dismantled. Annabeth secretly was relieved to see that spider is in pieces again. But it didn't quell the hysteria that was building inside of her. She felt the tears starting to form a thin sheet over her eyes, and her breathing was starting to pick up. The echoes of Percy's scream replayed in her head like a broken record. "The-the," she stuttered out trying to get her thoughts together to form a coherent sentence. The forge god thankfully didn't rudely interrupt her. She didn't think she could handle any testy gods now. "The telekhines were using it to forge some kind of weapon," she said in between heaving breaths. Hephaestus scratched his beard which had little embers flickering in the hairs. His black eyes then locked onto hers. "Do you know what the weapon was?" he inquired. Annabeth shook her head no. She didn't trust herself to speak out anymore. Hephaestus then glanced to the side of her. "Where are your friends?" Annabeth almost let out a sob. She was just able to catch herself instead just gasping for air like a fish out of the water. She looked down from the god, not wanting to make eye contact with him. Shame flooded inside of her. "Percy and I split up from Grover and Tyson before we got to Mount St. Helen's. But then we got discovered by the telekhines and Percy told me to leave so he could form a diversion." She paused not ready to admit what she thought happened to Percy. She couldn't believe that he had died from the explosion. He was the strongest demigod she'd ever known if anyone could survive something like that, it was him. She took a deep breath and soldiered on through her explanation. "There was an explosion, and that's all I know," she finished lamely. Annabeth sneaked a glance at the god. His face was scrunched together, and he was rubbing a hand through his beard. He then shook his head slightly and turned around to tinker with something. "That is not good," he muttered to himself, but Annabeth heard it. Wanting to know more she took a step forward toward Hephaestus. "What do you mean this is not good?" she demanded. She knew that demanding information from a god was never good, no matter which one it was. But she was desperate to know. Any information could be vital. Hephaestus shook his head again and turned it towards her, so she could only see his profile. He hammered something and then turned around. "Do not worry about it daughter of Athena. Take this tracker, for it will lead you back to your camp." Annabeth took the gift from his huge hands but wasn't satisfied with the answers she didn't get. She pursed her lips and narrowed her eyes. "Tell me something at least," she started, before becoming overwhelmed by sadness. "Please." It had almost sounded like begging, but she would never admit that to anyone. Hephaestus' face seemed to soften just a little bit. His black eyes didn't have such a hard gleam in them anymore. "Have hope, Annabeth Chase," was all he said before turning around and going under his car, dismissing her. She looked down at the gift he gave her, hoping that it wasn't another mechanical spider. Instead, it was just like a compass, but the arrows glowed in the correct direction to go. With a sigh, she walked out of his shop and back into the labyrinth. Navigating the labyrinth alone was something Annabeth never wanted to do ever again. It was scary enough when she had three companions by her side, but when she was by herself, the place seemed to feed off her fear and amplify it tenfold. Even with her magical navigation device, she was still worried she would get lost forever down in the tunnels. Thankfully, she emerged from the entrance in the woods. She breathed in the fresh air with gusto, thankful for finally getting some. It was dark in the forest, but it was only from the canopy of trees that was blocking most of the sunlight. Annabeth felt drained both physically and mentally when she came out. She dropped to her knees and fell face first into the grass and dirt that surrounded Zeus' Fist. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a dryad emerge from her tree. Her vision was already starting to blur from the distinct lack of good sleep in gods knows how long, therefore couldn't tell if it was someone she knew specifically. "Someone get me to the Big House," she mumbled to the dryad. She saw her nod her head vigorously before running away in the direction towards Camp. A moment later blackness overcame her. When she woke up, she felt like shit. Once the blurriness of sleep was away, Annabeth noticed that she was in the infirmary. Gauze was wrapped around her arms, and she felt the gel of salve underneath it. Will Solace, one of the chief medics Camp had was taking inventory of medicines. She cleared her throat to signal that she was awake. His mop of golden blonde hair whipped around and his light blue eyes widened. He dropped the clipboard he had in his hand onto the counter and in three strides was over at her bedside. He took out his medical kit and started examining her. "Annabeth, thank the gods you're alright," he said with a sigh of relief. Will was a year younger than her, making him thirteen years old. But she knew that he was turning fourteen soon. But that didn't stop him from being a great medic for Camp. He had inherited that talent from his father, Apollo. "How long was I out for?" she croaked while letting out a long yawn. Will was carefully unwrapping the gauze around her forearms and checking out the burns she had received from running from the explosion. She also had cuts and scrapes everywhere. He walked over to a cabinet and sorted through bottles until he picked up the one he needed. He placed on gloves and then squirted the salve onto her arms. Annabeth let out a sigh of relief, the salve felt so good on her skin. Will had a little smile on his face as he rubbed it up and down the burns and cuts before wrapping it in fresh gauze. "Just over twenty-four hours. By the time I and the other medics got to you, you were passed out cold. You had burns all over your arms and face, thankfully just first-degree ones. Nothing too serious," Will informed. She could see the unasked question that was on Will's tongue: where are the others? Now that she was awake and alert, the crushing feeling of failure fell back onto her shoulders. Her hand went to the gray streak that was in her hair from being forced to carry the sky that past winter. Annabeth felt the lingering pains in her back and shoulders just thinking about it. She wasn't sure which pain was more of a burden on her. "I'll go get Chiron. Just stay put Annabeth," Will softly spoke breaking Annabeth out of her reverie. His light blue eyes looked up and down her body like he was making sure everything was alright, at least physically. He then looked her in the eyes and gave a small grimace and a curt nod before turning around and walking out. Annabeth adjusted herself on the cot she was lying in and tilted her head back. The ceiling of the infirmary came into her line of vision. It was boring and white, but she was okay just looking at that. For the moment, it would distract her from her own thoughts. From the outside, she could hear the hustle and bustle of campers. Even though numbers had dwindled significantly due to demigods going rogue to Kronos' side, there was still at least forty of them all together. She wanted so badly to get back out there already and fix what she started. She let out a loud and frustrated groan. Annabeth closed her eyes tight and banged her head against the backboard of the bed. "I wouldn't hurt yourself more my dear," an old voice came. Annabeth's eyes snapped open, and she felt heat spread to her cheeks from the embarrassment of getting caught. Chiron slowly trotted inside, his hooves echoing every time they touched the wood floor. He was in one of his many tacky t-shirts that older campers (no matter how few and far in between they are)