Here's a quick one-shot I wrote for Ashlee (banannabeth on tumblr) because she made me suffer through her Hamilton(ish) au, so I retaliated. This was not betad so all mistakes are mine. Enjoy! The shroud rippled like the ocean under the flames. Normally when something is on fire, it burns and chars. But this a mythological word they live in. The rules don't apply to them most of the time. The colors of blue and green are bright underneath the orange and yellows. Instead of that distinct burning smell, there is a scent of salt. The type you only find when on the shores of the beach near the Atlantic Ocean. The silence that fills the beach of Camp is deafening. As the shroud is pushed off onto a raft into the Long Island Sound, Annabeth can't help but think about how Norse and un-Greek it seemed. But the son of Poseidon deserved to be where he felt most at home, the ocean. As it became just a fleck of light in the horizon, the water seemed to come up and bend over the shroud taking it underneath with it. Annabeth, who had been strong throughout the whole procession, let a sob out of her mouth. Her hand went up to her mouth to cover it up and silently let out tears. The gold and diamond bands on her left hand glint under the moonlight reminding her of what they were robbed of. They had hoped that they would live old together. Annabeth should've known better than that. Demigods never live to be old; it's just a thing that didn't happen. But what she couldn't have known was that Percy would be the next of the Seven to leave. Only twenty seven years old, killed trying to bring a child through the border to Camp to safety. He pulled a Thalia, she bitterly thinks to herself as the funeral comes to an end. As everyone headed back to their cabins with their heads hung low, Annabeth and the remaining Seven stayed on the beach. Annabeth fiddling with her wedding rings on one hand and the other running over the coral he had gotten when they were sixteen, stared out into the sea. It's calm, like the ocean still couldn't believe he was gone either. She felt an arm wrap around her shoulder. Annabeth numbly looked over to see who has joined her. It's Piper, whose eyes are puffy and red. Her face, still beautiful is solemn looking. They don't say anything, just take comfort in each other's presence. One by one, each of the Seven join the huddle and just stare out where Percy's shroud had just been minutes ago. Annabeth feels thankful for them. Eventually Annabeth left the beach in silence. She goes back into the Big House where she stays there as a guest. Chiron is waiting for her on the porch, his brown eyes full of sorrow. Annabeth stares at her father figure for a few moments before running into his arms and sobbing finally. She doesn't know how long she cries into his arms for. But he just pets her head and let's her get it all out. When she does pull out, she sees that there are a few stray tears coming out of his eyes too. Annabeth had never seen Chiron cry over a hero. Not even during the Titan and Giant Wars. That's when she realizes how much Percy meant to every hero of this generation and the ones to come. "Annabeth, come with me my child," he whispered. Chiron turned around and walked into the Big House. Annabeth followed without hesitation, wiping the tears off her face. He leads her into his office, which she's only been a handful of times. It's messy, with photos of demigods, report cards he has to finish. Books are stacked up against the walls. He shuffles through a few papers before pulling out an aged envelope. He silently hands it to her and Annabeth scrutinizes it. "What is this?" she softly asks, afraid of what she might find. Chiron sighs and gestures to open and read it. She can tell that he senses her hesitation and fear of what might be inside. "It's from Percy." It suddenly felt very hot in the cramped room. Her heartbeat increased and she just stared at the envelope with his handwriting on the front. Her name scribbled on it. She gently opens it up not wanting to rip the envelope too badly. With shaky fingers she takes out the piece of paper and unfolds it. Out of the corner of her eye she see's Chiron pull over a chair for her. Annabeth closed her eyes and took a deep breath to calm herself for what she was about to read. When she felt ready she opened them up again and started the letter. Annabeth, The first thing you must always know is: I love you. I love you so much, and I know I tell you almost every day, I just need to reassure you once more. If you're reading this, that means my life as a demigod has ended and I have left for the Underworld. I never wanted to be a demigod. I knew from the beginning that it had sealed my fate for an early death. The Fates are cruel like that, and there's nothing we could do. If I had it my way, I'd still be here with you right now. But sadly we don't determine who lives and who dies. But I will tell you one thing; we can determine who tells our story. Annabeth, you're going to keep our legacy alive. You and the rest of our friends who are here. The new generations of heroes, they will look up to us as role models. I know you can do it. You can do anything. You're Annabeth Chase; the greatest daughter of Athena and demigod ever. Even better than me. It's because of you that I lived for as long as I did. I was your sidekick and we both knew it. Make your mark on this world Annabeth. You're already starting, but keep doing it. Be the greatest architect of this century, be the best person you can be. I know it's hard for you to share your feelings and emotions, but don't bottle them up. It's okay to let them out sometimes. Open up a little more, it'll be okay if you do. I swear on the Styx. And Annabeth, whatever you do, don't get hung up on me. Please, I beg you . It's okay if you never get married again, but don't lose out on potential opportunities. I don't want you to suffer on my behalf. Just remember, I'll see you on the other side. And it's okay if you take your time getting there. I can't wait to hear about the rest of your life when we live ours forever. As long as we're together. I love you so much Annabeth. Percy Her eyes lingered on the messy handwriting of her beloved after she finished. The letters blurred together as more tears came out and gently hit the paper below her. She wiped them away and gently refolded the letter back into the envelope. "When did he write this?" she horsely asked. "A few weeks after you got married," Chiron responded in a soft voice. Annabeth took a seat and rubbed her face with her hands. She was hunched over trying to figure out why he would write a letter like that to her. "It's like he knew he would die young," she whispered more to herself. She could hear the clip clop of Chiron's hooves as he shuffled around in place. The room seemed too small for just the two of them. "He did express some concerns about dying early because of his parentage from time to time," Chiron admitted. "Especially after the Giant War." Annabeth's head snapped up looking straight into the Centaur's eyes. He had a frown but other than that she couldn't really read his face. "He did?" she breathed out. Thoughts were whirling around in her mind. Of course she noticed a change in Percy's demeanor after Tartarus. They were never fully the same after that. But she thought they told each other everything. Chiron walked up sensing her distress and put his arms around her shoulders. "He didn't want to scare you. The boy scared himself of the new found powers he discovered during that time. He thought it was for the best if he kept that part of himself a secret from you." Annabeth shook her head. "He would've told me though! He told me everything!" she claimed getting a little hysterical. Chiron rubbed her shoulders and sshhed her to calm her down. Her hysteria died down a little. "Percy loved you Annabeth. Everything he did was because he thought it was in your best interest. I'm sure it pained him to keep that part of himself a secret; he didn't know how to control it and didn't want that part to ruin what you had." "We could've worked through it together!" she weakly argued. Even through all the pain that had clouded her usually sharp judgement, she knew there was no use in arguing what could've been. She put her pride on the shelf and accepted the truth. "I should've died young. I've been in this world so much longer than he has; it doesn't seem fair that he died before me," she muttered. "We can't change fate my child. I think Percy put it perfectly. We can't choose who lives and who dies. All we can do it pick ourselves up and keep moving forward." Chiron changed his position so that he was in front of her face. He had his hands on her shoulders making her look him in the eyes. "Percy believes you can. And so do I." Annabeth is the last of the Seven remaining. She had somehow made it into old age and now at the age of ninety-seven she is the only left of her generation. She had kept Percy's words to heart and lived her life. She never did re-marry, but it was just because she belonged only with him. The skyline of New York had changed over the years. Many of the buildings have her name on it, becoming one of the famous architects of America. Every major city in America has at least one skyscraper with her name on it. She knows Percy would be proud of her. Annabeth had finally gotten her something permanent. When Sally Jackson died many years ago, Annabeth had taken over the role of the maternal figure for demigods who didn't have any. In her youth she lived out in Queens, and satyrs with their demigods often stopped by for a few days to regroup. She was a safehouse before Camp. Annabeth helped raised two generations of demigods. Kept her generation's legacy alive. Telling stories about her days at Camp. All the adventures she had with her friends and Percy. She loved telling her stories and seeing the looks of awe on their faces. Many came back to see her when they were older and told them of their own adventures. It warmed Annabeth to the core when she heard them. In her new home, now in New Athens, photos of all the demigods who she helped raise cover her walls in frames on her walls. They mix with the old ones of her days, of her friends and their kids. Annabeth even in her old age never forgets a name or a face. She refuses to. She also built New Athens inside Camp. With the money she made from her successful profession, she used it to buy more property so it could happen. She advocated with the gods many times and cashed in some favors with them to help extend the magical border. Now demigods are