Here is my Beauty and the Beast au! It's been weeks in the making, but really only took 4-5 days to write everything out. Now this wasn't edited much by me, just a quick read through so there will be mistakes. You can find all the parts and links to Annabeth's dresses on my tumblr: jediannabeth. Now on with it! Reviews are encouraged and welcomed! Enjoy! Staring out of the windows the princess watched as the rain pounded against the glass, accompanied by the rolling of thunder and flashes of lightning. It was one of the worst storms the kingdom had in months, and it didn't seem to be letting up any time soon. What a perfect day to storm, she thought to herself quietly. She was in mourning clothes, as custom after the death of family members. Her dress which was in typical Victorian fashion was composed of two main parts. Her bodice had a high neckline that covered her neck trimmed with black lace. The sleeves went all the way down to her wrists, with her hands covered up in delicate floral lace. Her underskirt formed a royal length train behind her while her skirt pushed out from the back of her hips to form a full backside. On her head was a black crepe bonnet, covering all of her blonde hair. A veil made of the rough silk fell across her stone face covering it from the world. The mourning princess was in the most secluded part of her castle up in the West Wing. It was dark and full of shadows, which was the perfect place to hide away from everything. Every servant knew to stay away from her today. She already had enough pity stares for a lifetime. Every other royal that showed up for the funeral of King Frederick and Queen Athena gave her the looks of pity and doubt. They were worried about her being suddenly thrust into a position of power so young, and without a husband. Queen Hera from the neighboring kingdom hadn't let anything back. The two had always had a disliking for each other, even when she was a young child. They had an argument at the funeral about her abilities which had felt like a smack in the face to the princess. Yelling and insults were thrown causing a big scene and for both to storm off in an angry frenzy. Even if it was days ago, she was still steaming with anger. The insults consumed her every thought as she mulled it over. She had promised herself to be the best ruler the kingdom has ever seen, and she would do it alone. She knew that she was a much better ruler than Hera ever could be. She was far more wiser and more intelligent than the trophy wife to the King. She wasn't even sure if Hera could read or write, no less be able to compare to herself on an intellectual scale. Even as a child, she knew she would always be far more superior than her. "Your majesty?" a soft voice came from the entrance of the chamber. A loud clap of thunder boomed in the background as the princess whipped her head around to face whoever was disturbing her. A petite girl with elvish features was standing there with her head down and arms behind her back. The princess glared at her for interrupting her solitude. "What is it?" she demanded. The servant jumped a little at the tone of voice but continued to speak anyway. She balanced from foot to foot and kept looking down. "There's someone at the front gates wanting to have an audience with you," she quietly said. Slowly the princess lifted up her veil and put it back behind her. She glared at the servant girl who looked up for a second only to flinch away immediately afterward. She took a step forward. "If it is no-one of importance, send them away." "That's the problem, your majesty. They won't leave until you speak with them." The two women were silent for a few moments before the princess let out a growl of anger. She stormed past the servant and stomped down the grand staircase that led to the atrium of the castle she lived in. She put her gloved hands on the intricate door handles and yanked them open to reveal an old beggar woman. Wind from outside was howling, blowing the rain inside and all over the princess which only angered her more. The beggar woman turned around to show her wizened and haggard looking face. In her hand was a single rose which seemed to shine bright in the dark night. "Your majesty, I come before you in seek of shelter from the storm tonight. Your palace is the only sanctuary for miles and I'm afraid my old body cannot walk any further," her voice was rough and cracked at certain words. The princess was disgusted by her, and couldn't believe she had the nerve to not leave until she spoken to her. "There is a church a few miles away, go there," the princess told her coldly. The old woman raised her left arm shakily and lifted the rose up before the princess. "Please, I can't walk any further. Take this rose as a token of my gratitude, as well as a token of my sorrow for your loss. It will just be for one night, until the storm has blown over," she begged. Anger overcame the princess and she swiped the rose out of the beggars hand and stepped on it with her heeled boot. She glared at the old woman on the other side and scowled at her. "You know nothing of sorrow you disgusting beggar woman. A rose won't bring them back, and it won't give you shelter at my castle either! You better get away from me before the storm kills you too!" she angrily exclaimed. She went to slam the door, but the old woman's cane jammed the way. The princess sneered at the old woman for daring to do such a thing to her. The old brown eyes hardened as she looked at the princess. "Before you turn your back on an ugly woman like me, be warned your majesty. Your pride and arrogance will be your undoing. The ice around your heart will stop you from finding true happiness. You may look like a princess, but your soul is very wicked. Remember, beauty comes from within." "Remember who you are talking to old woman. I am your Queen now and will be treated as such. You have disrespected me, and you have no idea who I am. Leave now before I do something that will truly be wicked." With that declaration, a clap of thunder roared over the sky followed by a flash of lightning so bright the princess had to close her eyes for a second. When she opened them, in the place of the old woman was Queen Hera. Confused as to how that could be possible, the princess tried to find a logical explanation. She was in a dark green evening dress, with her black hair curled beautifully into ringlets around her face. With a wave of her hand, the air around her shimmered and the rose the princess had crushed underneath her foot, magically appeared in her hand again pristine and bright pink in color. "How-how is this possible?" the princess stuttered out. "You arrogant little girl," Queen Hera chided, "how little you really know. You have always been too prideful for your own good, and now it is time you be punished for it." "Why?" the princess demanded. "You have no love in your heart. A good queen would've given sanctuary to any traveler who needed it, especially in times like these. Instead, in your own selfish desire and pride you turned her away. And now you must learn a lesson the hard way. I will curse you and all who stays with you in your castle. Those who have struck a deal with me, will be spared." "My servants went behind my back?" she said in aghast. Hera just gave her a look of fake sympathy to the princess. "Don't act so surprised your majesty." She lifted the shimmering rose in front of the princess' face. It shone brightly in the dark night, looking like it was covered in mist and glitter. It was the most beautiful thing the princess had ever seen. "This rose I offered you as a gift of condolence will bloom until your twenty-first birthday. If you learn to yield your pride, as well as find someone to melt the ice around your heart, and earn their trust and love in return before the last petal falls, your curse will be lifted. If not...you'll be damned to life as a beast for eternity." "Hera, you can't do this to me!" The princess yelled. With the flick of her wrist, the air shifted around the princess, immediately immobilizing her. The princess fell to her knees in agony and closed her eyes. She let out a scream of pain as she felt her body changing before her. The princess ripped the mourning bonnet off her head and felt the hair coming out of her head. The transformation only lasted a few seconds. When the princess opened her eyes, she was met with complete darkness. A wave of panic crashed into her. "Why can't I see?" she yelled. She leaned down to touch the ground beneath her and started crawling around like she was a toddler again. The princess felt a hand grab hers, and placed a thorned stem inside the palm of her hand. It pricked her skin and she let out a yelp of pain. "Part of your punishment is to take away your sight. You value your books and intelligence, therefore I ripped your only portal to gaining more of it until you learn your lesson. As for your looks, I'm sure you've heard of the myth of Medusa." "Medusa?" she whispered to herself before she remembered. She put her hand to her head and instead of feeling soft hair, she felt scaly snakes slithering on top of her head. She let out another scream of despair as she realized what her fate was. The idea of being completely blind left her in a crazed state. She felt desperate and angry that she couldn't see. Something seemed to shatter inside of her mind. Her rationale that she had prided herself on, vanished. With that, she raked her hands across her eyes, realizing that she now had claws where her nails were. She cut across her face tearing flesh on either sides of her eyes and down her nose and cheekbones too. "HERA!" she cried demanding more answers. But was left alone out in the pouring rain. Percy was always up at the crack of dawn with his mother. Together they ran the little village bakery where everyone got their sweet treats and bread for the week. For as long as he could remember it has always just been the two of them against the world. The aromas of cinnamon and other spices wafted through the small kitchen and around the small house they had. Percy had put his apron on as he walked into the kitchen and started helping his mother Sally kneed the dough. Sally, a average height woman with wavy brown hair with streaks of gray in it and the kindest blue eyes gave a warm smile to her son before kissing him on the cheek. She squeezed his shoulder before going back to making cinnamon rolls. "Good morning Percy," she greeted. He kissed his mother in return with a big smile on his face. "Good morning to you too mom." The two of them got to work and had a beautiful silence between them for a few minutes. The sun was just rising over the