So here's my new story called Centuries. It takes place in Ancient times when the Roman Empire was coming into power. I'll try to make it as accurate as possible but with limited sources of knowledge it might be a tad difficult. I try not to make the characters too OOC so just tell me if they are too much and I'll try and fix it. I'll break this one up into different chapters. I have the first few already written out so I'll update maybe every other day for this? But when I have to actually write chapters that weren't already pre-written on my google docs it will take longer for updates. It won't be too bad of a wait though. Disclaimer: I do not own any characters from Percy Jackson and the Olympians/Heroes of Olympus. Never in her life would the Queen of Sparta ever thought that she'd be captured by those nasty Romans. She was powerful, intelligent and extremely beautiful. Some even had the nerve to compare her to Helen of Troy; the former Queen of Sparta and the woman who launched a thousand ships. She wouldn't deny her beauty. The Queen was far from conceited but she wouldn't hide the truth. Being a direct descendant of the gods helped too. Her mother, Athena gave her the fierce gray eyes that some Olympians possessed, but was Athena's main physical attribute. The Queen's blonde hair though was from her father. It was like golden waves that matched the golden laurel that she now had to wear for Rome. Formerly married to the King of Sparta, she had great respect towards him and him to her. The Queen loved Sparta because women were treated more equally than in her home city-state of Athens. There they promoted democracy; but only to educated males. Women had no right in society and were treated with disrespect. Being married off to Sparta was the best thing to happen her. She was a born warrior. She had the heart of a lioness and the fierceness of one too. The Queen was the best war strategist the King had ever met. It was what drew him in to her in the first place. Not only was the Queen beautiful, she was cunning and intelligent too. Which is why she wasn't killed by the Romans. The damn Emperor fell in love with her. And he slaughtered and enslaved all of her people except her. She charmed and deceived her way out of death. Now she was in Rome as the Emperor's form of pleasure. "My Empress, listen to me," the Emperor demanded. The Queen blinked slowly before glaring back at him. Just because she was captured does not mean she will obey his every whim. "I am not an empress. I am a Queen," she calmly said. The scrawny blonde just rolled his blue eyes and waved his hand in a dismissive manner. "What's the difference anyways?" he scoffed. "The difference is, Empress means that I succumbed to being yours and Rome's. Queen means that I stay loyal to Sparta and Greece," The queen growled. He shifted his golden laurel on his head and his gold and purple chiffon was still loose on his haggard body. He gripped the golden throne he sat upon and gave her a glare. It did not faze the Queen at all. "Queen Annabeth of Sparta ," he said her former home with venom. "The Wise Queen they called you. People from all over praised you for your wit and diverse cultural acceptance." The Emperor pointed to the kohl that outlined her eyes with intricate designs. And the brown dyed skin from the Henna that people from Libya had brought her and taught her how to use properly. "Obviously not Greek is it now?" he questioned. Queen Annabeth kept her face indifferent but her eyes still fierce and cold. "If they praise you to be Annabeth the Wise, why don't you seem to be living up to your glorious namesake?" Maybe it's because you're a dumb, egotistical Emperor who doesn't know what's coming, Annabeth thought. She would never say something like that out loud to this guy though. She hated everything about him, but Annabeth knew she had to do her time. Annabeth was not called wise and cunning for no reason. She could play this guy like a lyre easily. He was easy to manipulate. "It's because you are more clever than me your highness," The Queen said in mock respect. She then proceeded to stand up and walk over to the throne. The Queen sat on his lap and rubbed her hands on his face and through his blonde hair. She proceeded to kiss him first on the neck and then on the lips repeatedly. The Emperor seemed to enjoy this sudden affection he was getting from his Empress. She rubbed her soft hands up and down his chest under his chiffon toga. The Queen stood up and pulled the strap to her own white and gold chiffon dress down and it flowed to ground revealing her tan body in all it's glory. The Emperor looked at her with lust. Manipulating him slowly, Annabeth thought. Did Perseus want to become a Legion soldier? No. No he didn't. Did he really have a choice? The answer to that question is no too. Perseus had never really been on the mainland of Greece for very often. He was usually traveling along the Mediterranean with his crew trading with the coast of Africa or the Canaan's over to the east. Percy knew of the Roman Empire. It was kind of hard to miss it. The empire itself was huge and slowly conquering more and more every year. It just so happened to be that he was traveling through Greece when they decided to ransack the Greek Empire and bring it to it's knees. He just so happened to be able to lead some sort of militia to fight against the Romans. And it just so happened that he was fighting against one of the Praetors of Rome who happened to admire his skill at sword combat. The little town was far out numbered and the Romans instilled fear into the villagers. Their golden armor shone bright against the sun blinding all of them therefore leading them to their deaths. The man Perseus was fighting had blonde hair that was cropped closely to his head. He found it weird considering most Greeks (like himself) just kept it long. His was in a little half ponytail. The man was also clean shaven, Perseus had a thin beard on his face. They both fought for what seemed like hours before both men came to a stalemate. They were both tired and a little dehydrated from the vigorous fighting. Both men were panting heavily and they stared at each other not saying a word. The blonde Roman stood up straight and walked straight up to him. His blue eyes seemed to hold a look of grudging respect to him. "You fight well for a Greek," he said in a clipped tone. Perseus's green eyes just narrowed at the man that stood before him. He put his sword back in the scabbard that was next to his leg and crossed his arms. "Is that supposed to mean something?" Perseus asked. "We could use a soldier like you in our legion," The blonde said. A black eyebrow raised and Perseus looked at him like he was the craziest person he'd ever met. "Why in Zeus' name would I do that? My loyalties lie with Greece and they always will," Perseus retorted. "Well, I'm not really giving you a choice here. It's either that or become enslaved for Rome. Your choice." "Who exactly are you?" Perseus demanded. "Jason, Praetor of the First Legion and General under Emperor Romulus Octavian ," he introduced. Perseus didn't look too impressed. "Interesting. You know Jason is a Greek name right?" Perseus teased with a smirk on his face. Immediately there was a golden sword pointed across his neck and Jason giving him a wolf glare. "Do not ever mention that ever again you graceus scum. Now make your choice before I do it for you." Perseus gently removed the sword from his neck. "Okay. I guess I'd rather fight for you than be enslaved by you bastards." Both men just stared at each other without saying a word. "Wise choice. Now would you like to tell me your name stranger?" Jason asked. "Perseus, son of Poseidon." "Wise choice you made Son of Poseidon. Follow me back to Rome." With that, Jason turned on his heel and retreated back to his camp. Percy didn't really have a choice in what manner his fate with Jason and the Romans were. So he followed him back to Rome. Piper never wanted to like the Empress. In fact, she had hoped that she would loathe her so she could poison the Empress' drink. But instead, she had become friends with her master. Piper was Empress Annabeth's main handmaiden. The Empress was tricky and clever Piper had figured out early on. Those gray eyes that she had could paralyze you with fear if she looked at you a certain way. Her curly blonde hair was always hung loose around her shoulders and held together by a cloth headband. Empress Annabeth just had this certain way of holding herself that seemed to ooze confidence and grace. She was after all, formally the Queen of Sparta. Piper was a natural beauty. Her mother was the Greek goddess Aphrodite, but she was a Roman born and raised citizen. Her father was a patrician of Rome and held quite a social status. Her loyalties were with Rome through thick and thin; even if she loathed the ruler of Rome. And that's why even though she liked Empress Annabeth, she felt unnerved whenever she was around her. There was just something about her that made Piper nervous. Piper walked down to the Palace Bathhouse to start drawing the hot water and oils for Empress Annabeth's final bath for the night before she headed off to dinner with the Emperor and all of his lackeys. As the water from the local aqueducts filled the brass tub the steam seemed to coil around the room and her making it slightly hard for Piper to breathe. Piper got up and opened up some of the vents to get rid of the excess steam that was radiating off the hot water. She then set to work on making sure all the oils were ready for the Empress when she arrived. Empress Annabeth was always very punctual and never late to anything. If on cue, the secret side door opened up revealing Empress Annabeth in her golden and white chiffon toga. Her hair seemed a little disorderly signalling that she had just been with the Emperor. She walked over to Piper with grace and gave her a small nod and smile. "Piper, is everything ready?" she asked calmly. Once again just being in the presence of the Empress made Piper nervous and she's been tending her for almost eight years now. Piper just bowed her head at Empress Annabeth. "Yes Empress, everything is ready for you," Piper responded. When she looked up Empress had a scowl written on her face. Piper immediately started to get nervous. "Please," she said, "Do not call me empress. I am a Queen and nothing else." "Yes Queen," Piper said wanting to please her. Queen Annabeth just gave her a nod. She then proceeded to slip off her chiffon revealing her naked body before she emerged herself into the hot water. When she got in, Queen Annabeth sighed in relief and had a small, relaxed smile on her lips. She then dunked her head underwater and smoothed her wet hair back. After she went over to the edge of the brass bath where Piper was sitting and Queen Annabeth rested her head on