Since today is the day the Force Awakens opens up in theaters (at least in America), I thought it would be appropriate to share my secret santa gift to you, theywereinseparable today! I know how much you love Star Wars, and I do too, but I hope this lives up to your expectations. I did end up basing Percy and Annabeth on Padmé and Anakin, because I feel like they fit them well. And clarification: Ruseé is just a title name for Annabeth. Like how Amidala was for Padmé. Disclaimer: I don't own Star Wars or Percy Jackson & the Olympians. "Explain to me why we're going to Naboo again Chiron?" Percy asked as he turned on atmospheric pressure control button. His former Jedi Master and mentor, who was still at the Jedi Temple at Coursuant was talking to him through his earpiece. His padawan, Tyson who was a Wookiee, was pressing other buttons to make sure that they would have a smooth and undetected landing. Percy was one of the only people to understand wookiee, so he could communicate well with Tyson. But Percy couldn't actually speak wookiee, because he'd sound like an idiot. Tyson was okay with that of course. "Because the Jedi Council has sent you to protect Queen Ruseé. The Trade Federation has some sinister motives. The Council believes that they plan to invade Naboo and assassinate the Queen. We must be there to help her with peaceful negotiations with the Federation in hopes that they will step off," Chiron explained. Percy hmphed in response before activating the shields to protect the ship. He leaned back in his chair and put his arms above his head. "Those Federation scum are cowards anyway. They'll back off when the pressure gets too high." "You may have passed your Trials with ease my boy, but you still have so much to learn." Percy loved his mentor, but sometimes his cryptic wisdom annoyed him; just a little though. Chiron was usually always right anyway. Up ahead the blockade of control bases and starships belonging to the federation came into view. Percy thanked every celestial being for his fiery mechanic from Mufastar, Leo for building invisibility shields for the ship. The guy was an absolute genius when it came to this stuff. He would have to thank him later. "Tyson activate the invisibility shields. We're heading into the atmosphere and we need to stay the hell away from that blockade," Percy commanded. Tyson nodded and did what he was told. He adored Percy like he was his own brother, and Percy liked the big guy too. He was incredibly sweet to everyone and everything he met. Very intelligent and likes to help Leo build stuff when he's not training with Percy. "I'll touch down with you Chiron once I've landed. For now I'm turning off all radio signals and waves," Percy said touching his ear piece. "Very well. May the force be with you." Percy turned off all radio waves and signals the ship was giving off before. As a precaution he turned off all of the lights in the cockpit as well as putting the starship into autopilot. The last thing Percy wanted to get into was an aerial battle and get shot at. As they snuck their way past the blockade, it was silent in the cockpit. Percy and Tyson didn't speak a word to each other. It was intense not knowing if Leo's invisibility shields were going to work or not. But as they got further away from the ships and into the atmosphere of Naboo, it got less tense. Once they were in the clear, Percy and Tyson turned on everything again before landing right outside Theed, the capital to Naboo. They were about a mile outside of Theed. Percy made contact with Chiron once more before he put on his robes and walked out of the starship. He made sure he had his lightsaber and that the invisibility shields were on so no one would see the ship. Tyson followed out and did a quick check up before giving the thumbs up that everything was okay. Theed was the epitome of what a cultured and renaissance city looked like. Naboo, proud of its democratic heritage embraced the arts. As Percy and Tyson walked down the streets of the capital, Percy couldn't help but admire all the details. The buildings were tall and filled with architectural gradure. The Naboo, milled around in the streets dressed in elegant and expensive looking robes and clothing. They would often just give a glance at the two Jedi and smile before going on with their conversations. When they walked up the steps there were Royal Guards at the grand doors to the palace. As they approached the big golden spears that crackled with electricity, crossed each other stopping Percy and Tyson in their tracks. Percy knew the spears were just for show, and underneath their red vests was a laser gun. When he was a padawan under Chiron, he had visited Naboo a couple of times with his master. He was good friends with former Queen Sagesse. Percy wouldn't dare say anything to her, but would just stand by his master's side. Chiron never called her by her royal title when it was just them, but instead called her by her birth name, Athena. He doesn't recall anything significant, except that she was extremely fair and just. And for some reason she didn't really like Percy, but had a grudging respect for him because of the Lesser Mark he has on his head. Even with all the makeup and grand clothes she wore, her gray eyes always seemed to bore into him and often made him squirm under her stare. Percy had been sixteen the last time he was in Naboo. He remembered having a companion to hang out with when Chiron dismissed Percy to talk to the Queen alone. Her name was Annabeth and Percy loved her company. She had curly blonde hair that was big and poofy. She was very tall too, taller than Percy when they were younger which she was very prideful for and always let him know it too. She had the same intelligent gray eyes as her mother, the Queen and was a know it all. She loved ranting about the architecture and would drag him all around the palace showing him everything. When they had first met when Percy was twelve and in his first year of training, Annabeth had hated Percy. She thought he was stupid and annoying. But when he held his own against her wit and they saved each other from getting caught a couple of times, they became fast friends. They exchanged ideas and described each other's culture. Percy described his life on his home planet of Chalacta. He explained what the blue tattoos on his face meant and how before he became aware of his force-sensitivity he was going to be a part of the Chalactan Adepts, which is why he has a gold bead between his eyes. It was a sad goodbye when his final trip had come to an end. They knew that it would be impossible to write to one another. Annabeth was going to follow in her mother's footsteps and rise politically while Percy was training to be a Jedi, and hopefully in the future a Jedi Master. They had promised to meet again in their lifetime, even though they both knew it to be an empty promise. But now, maybe there was a spark of hope that Annabeth had become Queen. It had been twelve years since he had last saw her. Percy knew that being a Jedi meant not having any emotional ties with others, but Percy couldn't help his feelings towards Annabeth. Many jedi, even masters had secret relationships with others. It was only dangerous if you couldn't control your emotions. "State your business," a guard commanded to the two of them. Percy calmly walked up, his back straight and a serious expression on his face. They probably figured out they were Jedi by their uniform by now, but just taking extra precautions. "I am Master Perseus and this is my padawan Tyson. We were sent here on orders to protect Queen Ruseé." "Under whose authority?" "Chancellor Ramírez-Arellano and the Jedi Council." The two guards looked at each other quickly before glancing back at the two Jedi again. After a moment of silence they uncrossed the spears and opened up the doors to the palace. One of them stayed behind while the other escorted them inside. The palace looked just like Percy remembered it. In the grand hall leading up to the throne room was grand tapestries of all the rulers of Naboo. As he got closer, he saw the one of Queen Sagesse in all her glory. The next one was a King, a man with the same curly blonde hair as his childhood friend and gray eyes. His features were soft and he held the aura of kindness. "We weren't expecting you until later tonight or tomorrow morning. Apologies for the strict questioning," the guard said turning around to the throne doors. Percy just nodded his head with a small smile. "No need to apologize. You were just doing your job." The guard who gave off a welcoming and kind aura smiled at him. It was a big smile which caused crinkles around his eyes. He was an older man, probably had a family of his own to feed and take care of. "Our new Queen has only been elected a few months ago. She is extremely intelligent and wise beyond her years; but with the Trade Federation threatening to invade at any moment we must make sure that she is kept safe at all costs." The guard turned around and opened up the golden doors that led to the throne room. He stepped aside to let Percy and Tyson through and closed the doors behind him. In the room was a massive throne and desk. On each side sat chairs for the Royal Advisory Council. Big canopy windows stretched from floor to ceiling showing the landscape of Naboo. When the doors closed all attention turned towards them. "Your majesty, the two Jedi who have been sent to protect you have arrived," the guard said bowing to the ground. "Thank you. You are dismissed," Queen Ruseé's voice echoed. Percy watched the guard quickly walk away through the doors. He turned around to look at the Queen he was supposed to protect. At once he knew it was Annabeth. She was a lot older and mature looking but he would recognize her anywhere. Her face was covered in white foundation with a red dot symmetrically placed on each cheek. Her top lip was red with one strip going down the middle of her bottom one. Her blonde hair was pulled up in a high chignon laced with gold and silver threads. She was wearing a white silk dress that scooped low on her chest and a drape that was ruffled. "Step forward Jedi," she commanded. Her voice was very different from what Percy remembered. When she spoke she had an accent, the same one her mother used in the throne room. Her voice was cold and demanding. It lacked emotion, but commanded attention at the same time. Percy quelled the butterflies that were in his stomach and eased his nerves. He couldn't afford to be embarrassing in front of his long time crush. Especially in her throne room and in front of her court. He even had a doubt that she didn't even remember him. The look on her face said so. The two of them walked forward until they were in the center of the room and right in front of Queen Ruseé's desk and throne. She stood up, showing off her tall height. Percy noticed that he had an inch or two on her now, but she was still