So I've been watching Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D and one of the episodes stuck with me and I decided I could write a fic on it. This is based off of the episode called "Yes Men" but with some of my own details put in it as well. And while writing this I was listening to "I Put A Spell On You" (Clearwater Creedence Revival and Casey Abrams covers) hence the name of the fic. I hope you like it. Enjoy! All the agents on board the Argo II were lounging around in the living room area. They had just completed another mission and were in the midst of celebrating their small victory. Working for S.H.I.E.L.D could be a tiring and stressful job because it opens your eyes to the unknown and other worlds beyond Earth. When Percy signed up when he was twenty, he didn't really know what the heck he was getting himself into. All he knew was that it was not a boring nine-to-five job in a cubicle all day every day which seemed like hell to Percy. He loved this job because it gives him a way to release all the pent up energy inside of him from his ADHD. He was born to be a field agent. Going on dangerous missions, fighting enemies from everywhere, alien included. His trainer when he started off, Chiron Brunner made Percy love his job working for S.H.I.E.L.D. He has since moved up to be Director Brunner and ran the entire show, but they still remained close friends. Director Brunner had granted Percy a team to do missions all over the world. It was a nice thing because after the recent events Percy needed to get away from HQ for a little while. Just do his own thing. He had went through the agents and hand picked the team that he wanted to join him on board the Argo II. Leo Valdez, a twenty five year old hispanic who was a genius when it came to mechanics. He was known for his erratic ways and joking personality, but he could build and fix anything you gave him. Agent Valdez is the type of person who is good time Charlie and will always be down for free drinks. Percy had some encounters with him, they weren't buddies but Percy knew he needed him. Agent Will Solace was twenty six from Chicago. He was one of the best healers S.H.I.E.L.D has and could cure and diagnose anything faster than anyone Percy has ever seen. He is a little quiet around strangers but put him in a ER and he will take charge right away. Agent Solace also has a PhD in Medical Sciences meaning he can also create vaccinations quickly as well. The blonde would be well needed on the team because Percy is not a healer at all. Next on his team is Agent Piper McLean, twenty seven years old and born in Paris, France. Her father is the famous actor Tristan McLean, but keeps herself unaffiliated with him in every way possible. Agent McLean is a field agent who has a major in Linguistics. She is fluent in over ten languages and she has a gift of being able to persuade people to do her bidding. She is the same level as Percy, being a level seven agent. Agent McLean is a good friend of Percy's, they've known each other for a long time. Agent Jason Grace, a long time great friend of Percy's was on his team as well. He like his girlfriend Piper, came from a family of fame. Born and raised in California he had dismantled his relationship with his famous mother Beryl Grace. Agent Grace is one of the weapons specialist as well as the one of the pilots of the Argo II. He is known for his aviation skills and being able to do hand to hand combat as well as Percy. Agent Grace is one for rules, but if the time came he could bend and break them as well. Frank Zhang, a Canadian agent was one of the first agents Percy was able to train at the Academy. He was his S.O. and became a close friend. Standing 6'5" he was a force to be reckoned with. Agent Zhang is one of the best field agents on the job in 2015 and is very good at hand to hand combat. He could be used for the intimidation factor, but in reality he was one of the nicest people Percy has ever met. Agent Nicolo di Angelo is the best forensic scientists Percy knows. They aren't exactly friendly with each other, but there was a mutual respect between the two. Agent di Angelo, originally from Venice is fluent in both Italian and English. He also has connections with the Italian government which is nice. Agent di Angelo is able to determine the cause of death within minutes and give details quicker than anyone Percy knows. The youngest member of the team, twenty one year old Hazel Levesque was another trainee that Percy had taken under his wing. She's a sweet woman from New Orleans but has a hard streak in her. Percy loved training her because she was unlike the others. Agent Levesque was part of the Science Academy as well. She is a geologist and as well as an expert on unidentified, and potential magical objects. She has a close brotherly relationship with Agent di Angelo. She hangs out with the scientists of the team. Agent Reyna Ramirez-Arellano is one of the best field agents Percy knows. The Puerto Rican is fluent in spanish, like Agent Valdez and is able to fight with nearly any weapon given to her. Like Agent Grace she is strict and follows orders unless they need to be broken. She is more closed off than the rest of the people on the team, but very loyal. Percy would be an idiot to not have her on his team. The final members of Percy's team are the Stoll Brothers. Travis and Connor Stoll, are not twins but look almost identical. Travis is the older of the two being twenty nine years old, and Connor less than a year younger than him being twenty eight. The two are known for their mischief and can party just as hard as Agent Valdez. But they are extremely loyal to their fellow team members. The Stoll brothers are master hackers; they will be able to get into any system overriding firewalls and other securities protections just about anywhere. They are also great in the field because they are also masters at pickpocketing and lock picking. Geniuses in their own terms, Percy needed them on the team as well. The eleven person team on board the Argo II was stacked with the best of the best in every field. Percy made sure that he chose them out very carefully and thoroughly. Right now ten of them were lounging on couches drinking beers and chatting casually with each other. Telling stories about different encounters they've had while working at S.H.I.E.L.D. It was a nice sight to see. "I still can't believe beings like Asgardians exist in this world," Leo causally mentioned before taking a sip of his Corona. "Yeah well, believe it Valdez. Not everything is scientifical and mechanical. Ever since the Manhattan incident everything has just gotten weirder," Piper said. "Percy over here has seen it the most haven't cha? You met Thor that one time," Travis said with a smirk on his face. Percy took a sip of his own beer and shook his head rolling his eyes at his friends. "No Travis, I didn't meet Thor. That was Coulson. You got the wrong 'son'." Conversation went on like that. The agents would pick on each other and laugh about it while restocking up on the beers. It was nice to have a relaxing time because it wasn't too often that they got time like this for leisure. The team was always traveling to different places, solving different cases that were unusual. Nico came up the stairs and into to living area. His black hair was covering some of his eyes and he shook it out of his way. His face was stoic, like how Reyna's always is. Nico grabbed a beer, opened it and took a sip. "What's up di Angelo?" Reyna asked. He nodded his head towards the television. "Turn on channel four news. Then you'll see what's up." Nico then sat down on the couch next to Will. Will gave a small smile to Nico which he returned. Everyone knew they were basically together, but Nico and Will have yet to admit to it. Piper thought they were cute together. Reyna had turned on the TV to the channel Nico told them to tune into. The news reporter was in Nevada. You could tell by the sandy and desolate looking place in the background. "Eyewitnesses say that a woman came up to a man in front of Lola's Gas and Go and talked to him. She was seen whispering to him before he committed arson to the place and fleeing with the woman in tow. The woman was also wearing clothes that were described as ancient greek looking. A black and gold toga was being worn by her and she is said to be also wearing gold bracelets and a necklace with a red stone in the middle. This is not the first time she has been seen. Within the past few days she has been seen at multiple places with different men. It seems that they do her biddings for her when she asks. The men working for her have been committing various crimes such as arson and multiple heists on banks in the Nevada-California area. If there is more details we'll be telling them. Back to you Lester." Reyna then muted the TV as it went back to the news anchor. There was silence between everyone as the processed the news and tried to think what it meant. Leo was already on some tablet no doubt searching for something. "What do you think this is?" Will asked. Percy just shrugged his shoulders and turned to Leo. "I'm sure Valdez is going to find something in a minute that will bring us there." Leo's fingers were moving across the touchscreen rapidly and his eyes as well scanning all the information that was coming across the screen. Everyone was watching him waiting to hear what he had to say. He was the best with technology, minus the Stolls and knew how to work everything on the Argo II. When he was done he looked up. "Did it say where in the Nevada-California area this happened or no?" he asked. "When I watched it downstairs it said that she was first seen in Death Valley, California and headed west after," Nico informed. Leo nodded after Nico confirmed. He moved his fingers across the tablet again. "That makes sense because there have been some weird activity signals coming from that area." "Are they Asgardian maybe?" Percy asked. Leo shooked his head no. "No I would know if it was Asgardian, this is different but almost seems similar in the way it shows up on Earth. I think we should go check it out." Jason was already up stretching his arms above his head. When he was done he checked his watch before starting to make his way to the cockpit. "Well we're right above Vancouver, so I'd say we'll be there three hours tops," he told everyone. "Valdez are you going to accompany me or will it be you McLean?" he asked with a smirk on his face. Piper smiled and wrapped an arm around his waist. "I'll join you for the ride Grace." Everyone scrunched their noses in disgust and some were stifling little laughs and coughing to cover them up not so smoothly. "Yeah, yeah we get it you two. You