Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to the wonderful J.K. Rowling – not me (in case you were wondering ;)). Beyond the Veil Prologue She was 14 when she saved his life for the first time. She was 15 when she fell in love with him. She was 16 when he died. She was 25 when she saved him a second time. Some people fall easily in and out of love. Some people fall in love, get their hearts broken, and are somehow able to move on. Some become bitter others are able to find happiness again eventually – at least for a little while. And then there are some people who fall in love and when that love dies a part of them dies with it. She was 15 when she fell in love with him. The kind of love that consumes all of you. The kind of love where you think you can't live without the other person. The kind of love people would say she was too young to feel, to understand, to know about. He was 19 years older than she was. He thought that she merely had a crush on him. He liked her. He liked her intelligence and brilliance. But he saw her for what she was – a teenage girl - lovely, so very lovely – but also so inexperienced and naive. He died before she had the chance to fall out of love with him and move on. He died before they could find out what time would bring. If they had been given more time… who knows what might have happened… who knows… part 1 Hermione had a hard time deciding on a career. She had too many interests. Finally she decided to become an Unspeakable. They had offered her a position. They always offered a position to the best graduates of Hogwarts- well not always- they did if a student stood out and somehow sparked their interest. She had certainly sparked their interest. And they had sparked hers. Even though the interview had been quite vague on their part. There was talk about research and experiments, trying to solve mysteries she couldn't even fathom . It sounded challenging and fantastical- so how could she refuse? Hermione never regretted her decision to become an Unspeakable. She was finally around people who could keep up with her intellectually – people who she actually had trouble to keep up with. There was so much more to learn – so many things to explore – she loved every minute of it. She worked long hours because she forgot time when she immerged herself in a subject. When Ron asked her to chose between her career and him – there was no doubt in her mind what she would chose. She cared for Ron, she had tried hard to make things work with him, but they weren't well suited. He wasn't interested in most things she was passionate about and vice versa. He wanted a family- she wanted a career. But above all he wasn't … well it won't do to dwell on that. So they broke off and after Ron had gotten over his disappointment and started dating Susan Bones they got back to being friends. When one of her co-workers got seriously ill, it was quite by chance that Hermione was assigned to work with a group of people that were doing research and experiments on portals. The wizarding world of today knows only very little about that subject and what they know is believed to be mostly myths or conjecture. She read through accounts of people who went into caves and when they came out, after what felt only minutes for them, years had past in the outside world. She read about mirrors that were supposed to enable you to speak with beings from other dimensions or planets. Certain places on the earth that, when you go there at a specific moment, would transport you into the past or the future or to parallel worlds and dimensions. She soon realized that this topic was a bottomless pit. She had to read up on theories about time and dimensions and parallel worlds – things she had only come across in the form of fantasy or science fiction. One day she found the notes of a certain Theophilus Hayhurst. He had lost his daughter to the Veil and had subsequently dedicated his life to studying it. He had travelled around the world to find out what the scholars of his time had to say about it- which wasn't much- so he had turned to legends and old wives' tales. He disappeared around his 70th birthday and some believed that he died on his travels while others believed that he went through the Veil as well to find his daughter. Hermione learned that the Veil, actually the Veil of Arawn – a celtic god of the Underworld -had many names, depending on what people believed that it was. Some called it the Gateway, others the Cloak of Death and others the Shade of Time. All quite cheesy names in Hermione's opinion so she preferred to just keep calling it the Veil. She was quite shocked to learn that only very few people who studied the object seemed to believe that those who crossed it actually died. There seemed to be two main parties, those who believed that the Veil transports those who pass it to a different point in time and those who believed it transports you to some kind of parallel world or dimension. Hermione started to look for accounts of people who had travelled through time whether voluntarily or involuntarily. But all those people had different means to be dislodged from their original timeline. It was of course possible that people would be sent so far into the future that their accounts didn't exist yet or that you forgot everything once you entered the Veil. However, Hermione thought it more likely that it would transport you to another dimension or world. After an indept analysis of the Veil and tracking down every scholar and mystic who had studied the object in more or less detail, Hermione came to the conclusion that she wouldn't get anywhere unless she went through the Veil herself. part 2 It wasn't an easy decision. After all she didn't know what would await her on the other side. But her curiosity and the chance – however slim- to see him again made her do it. She had studied the memories of those who had been there when Sirius crossed the Veil (those who still lived and agreed to help her anyway). She had been told that Bellatrix hit Sirius with an Avada Kedavra before he went through the Veil. But after she had studied the five memories she was able to obtain, she was fairly certain that he went through the Veil before the curse was able to hit him. Which meant that he most likely wasn't dead when he went through. Which then meant that there might be the chance, no matter how small, that he was out there somewhere and she might be able to bring him back. She didn't tell anyone what she was planning on doing. They wouldn't let her go through with it. And now, standing in front of the Veil she had to admit that it was, after all, quite an insane idea. She took a deep breath and took a step forward. She felt a prickling sensation all over her body. She stopped to take in her surroundings. She stood on what she assumed was grass, above her was some sort of sky and in the distance she was able to make out the silhouette of a town. The only colours that seemed to exist where different shades of dark blue and red. She turned and was startled by the sight of a very tall woman who was watching her silently. The woman was easily over 2 meters in height, her dress was dark blue while her skin and her long hair were of a greyish blue, her lips and eyes were of a darker blue while her fingernails were red. Her facial expression didn't give anything away. Finally after a while the woman spoke, her voice surprisingly deep: „ You've come here voluntarily." „Yes", Hermione answered, „ is that so unusual?" The woman shrugged: „It happens from time to time, though nodoby comes here by accident." „Where am I?" Hermione inquired. „This is Maniatua." The woman replied. Hermione sighed this didn't help her at all. „You are several million light years away from your home planet." „Aha", Hermione couldn't really think of anything to say to that. „This place is different for each soul that comes here." The woman continued cryptically. „Soul? So I am dead?" Hermione blanched. „No you are not." „I've come here to find someone – maybe you can help me?" Hermione sounded hopeful. The woman gave her a hard stare before she answered: „ I cannot help you, everyone has to go through this alone." „What exactly is this ?" Hermione asked. „ This means something else to everyone who comes here, as I have explained to you before." The woman answered. „ I will leave you to it then." „But…" , Hermione started, but the woman had already vanished. Hermione sighed and started walking towards the town. There were only few people in the streets once she reached it. Some of them looked human, others not so much. She tried to talk to some of them, to ask if they had seen Sirius or for information about this place but none of them seemed willing to talk to her. Finally she reached a big building and upon entering she realized that it was a library. She gasped and started browsing for books that would give her more information about that place. She didn't know how much time had passed, it could have been hours or days when she suddenly heard a whisper: „What have you come here for?" Startled she looked around but there was no one there. She continued reading. She kept on reading and reading more and more but it seemed that she was unable to absorb any of the information. Desperately she reached for yet another book and then another one and so on. When suddenly she heard that whisper again: „What are you looking for?" She turned again and this time she saw a small man in a monk's cowl. „I am looking for answers," she replied impatiently. „Answers to what?" The monk asked. „What this place is." Hermione said desperately. „Why do you think you could find those answers in a book?" inquired the monk. „Because you can find the answers to anything in a book? The knowledge I got from books saved my life and that of my friends during the war" Hermione replied grumpily. „That is only partly true. Your intuition, compassion and bravery and your friends saved you as well. And you do know better than that, you know that some things have to be lived and experienced in order to understand them." Hermione started crying. She knew that the monk was right. But a book gives you the opportunity to learn or to escape reality - to live life second handedly without being in danger of getting hurt. She was afraid to go back out there. She wanted to stay in here with her books- they have always offered her sanctuary. The monk gently took her by the hand and led her outside. Hermione followed him dazed. Once she was outside the monk went back in and the heavy wooden doors fell shut behind him, and Hermione knew that she wouldn't be able to go back inside. So she started wandering through the streets of the town looking for Sirius. After what seemed like days of not finding him she started to doubt herself. Maybe he wasn't there. How