This was my Wonkyward contest entry. Thank you to the ladies who worked so hard on the contest. Thank you Jaime Arkins for the nod and the amazing banner. Beta'd by Kitchmill Your Song Edward's body slumped more heavily on Bella, his semi-conscious ramblings quieting. With a pat on his head, Bella sighed and said, "I know. I know." This was typical behavior for Edward, and she both loved and hated it. Once again she tried to move his heavy head from her shoulder in an attempt to lay him down on the sofa, but to no avail. Instead, he made a cute little growling noise and clung to her more tightly, if that was possible. In defeat, she laid her head on the back of the sofa, closing her eyes and hoping to get some rest before her early morning rehearsal. The alarm on her phone chimed way too soon. Bella's attempt to reach it to silence the annoying sound was futile. The heavy weight on her body was unmoving. She huffed in frustration, slowly opening her bleary eyes to glance at the offending presence, only to grin at what she saw. Although he was an annoyance, she couldn't help but smile at the sight of him sprawled across her body, on her body, a position they obviously moved into during their short sleep together on the sofa. The wet drool spot on her shirt evidence of his peaceful sleep, his hand cupping her left breast evidence of his comfort level with her, him being there at all, evidence of her inability to set boundaries with him...again. "Edward," she whispered, knowing full well that a whisper was not going to rouse him. "Edward." More volume. The tenth time she had said his name and shaken him, she was mere seconds away from slapping his handsome face when he finally began to respond by smacking his lips and wiping the drool from his creased cheek. When he lifted his head and opened the small slits of his eyes, Bella tried not to smile at his cute, rumpled face and chaotic hair. She needed to remember that she was annoyed with him, as she was every time he crashed at her place after a drunken night out with the boys flirting with...anyone with tits. Doing lord knows what with these "girls" before coming to her with his self indulgent woes. The ridiculous woes of a handsome, talented, single man. For some reason, Bella indulged him each and every time, and once again she neglected her own…responsibilities, the alert on her phone glaring evidence of said responsibility. "You missed a call," he rasped, his voice thick with sleep and alcohol. They both stared at her phone, just out of their reach. Although he wasn't holding her literally, his presence made it impossible for her to reach out for the phone, for the messenger. This was becoming more and more the case, and it freaked her out. "Yeah," she finally responded. "He's going to be pissed." "Fuck him," Edward said, sitting up and stretching his arms over his head. "You're too good for him anyway." Although she didn't want to watch him, look at the exposed skin peeking from under his raised shirt, or wonder about the trail of hair at his navel...she did anyway. It was almost out of her control. Edward was a gorgeous man, tall, lean, angled jaw, bright blue-green eyes, charismatic, intelligent, with a voice that made women swoon—what woman wouldn't look if she had the chance? Those swoony women would be surprised to know the real Edward, the guy who couldn't match his socks or zip the zipper on his pants regularly. Bella, however, found this endearing. Although Bella wanted to argue with him about Riley, defend their relationship, she didn't, because she had tried before with no luck. Besides, part of her agreed with him. Things with Riley were not good, and hadn't been since she had left to rehearse for the tour. They'd been together for years, and the hectic long distance thing had always worked for them...until now. Now he was possessive and jealous and Bella was just...over it. Unlike Riley, she had always known their relationship was not forever, but it had been comfortable, safe. Not so much anymore. He had cheated on her...repeatedly. She always took him back because—well now she was coming to realize that she always took him back because his infidelity didn't really bother her. This revelation needed to be addressed with him, but not over the phone or long distance. She wanted to end things with him, but the right way. They owed it to each other, and she hoped they could remain friends; after all, they had been through a lot together. Bella stood, doing a stretch of her own that caught Edward's full attention. Out of the corner of her eye she could have sworn she saw him adjust himself in his jeans. "I'm going to get in the shower." "Me too." Edward quickly stood, nearly tripping over his feet as he tried to follow her in the direction of the bathroom. "Alone," Bella said over her shoulder, causing Edward to pout and change his direction. She could have sworn she heard him say something like "not for long" before the door closed behind him and he headed back to his own hotel room. "Have you talked to Riley today?" Rose asked in a not-so-friendly tone. Rose, who had been friends with Riley first, introduced Bella and Riley. At times Rose's friendship with Riley bordered on unhealthy and Bella could swear Rose had a lingering thing for him, that was until Edward came along. Now her affections had shifted to Edward, which caused Rose to be snarky and nosey in every aspect of Bella's life. Bella tried to have a friendly relationship with Rose, but it almost seemed more like a "keep your friends close but your enemies closer" thing most of the time. "I'll call him later when I have more time," Bella said, turning her focus to tuning her already tuned guitar. "You better," Rose mumbled, also turning her attention to her bass. The air around them was tense as they fiddled with their instruments. With Esme's leadership role and Alice's bubbly personality, the tension was broken the moment the other band members arrived, and before long they were all laughing and rehearsing their own music and jamming cover songs they loved to do. "Edward. It's tree pose. Just stand there with one leg up, tighten your core...suck in your stomach," Mike, the yoga instructor, reiterated with an impatient tone. Bella was having difficulty holding her own tree pose because she was laughing at Edward's inability to perform the simplest ones. He looked like the scarecrow from The Wizard of Oz , his limp limbs going in every direction. It was a running joke among them, and all who knew Edward knew that anything physical was not his thing. It started the first day with Mike when Edward had to be taught how to stand correctly, and that posed to be a difficult lesson. Still, he could make the simplest tasks look difficult and awkward. Luckily he could laugh at himself, which made it all the more fun to watch. "Damn, Edward. You suck at this. You buy drinks tonight, dude. That shit is too funny," Emmett said loudly, clapping Edward on the back when they finished with their daily yoga session. Edward laughed, throwing his arm over Bella's petite, damp shoulders, pushing her long brown ponytail out of the way. "If this yoga shit wasn't so important to you, and you didn't look so good is these clothes," he said checking out her firm ass, "I wouldn't be doing it. It's hard." "It's good for all of us, Edward. You'll get it...eventually," she teased. Doing yoga every day helped keep Bella even and focused. When she had suggested bringing her instructor on tour for group lessons, everyone jump at the idea...except Edward. He was outvoted, and now he served to entertain and distract them each and every morning with his lack of coordination. It was after midnight and, although slightly disappointed, Bella had come to the conclusion that Edward was not coming by tonight. The realization that he could possibly be in another girl's apartment, another girl's bed, in another girl, made Bella a little queasy. Her call earlier in the evening to Riley had been unpleasant to say the least. He was hostile and downright mean as he accused her once again of sleeping with Edward. She had slept with him, per se, but not in the way Riley was accusing her. It was innocent, but explaining that to Riley fell on deaf ears. He was jealous of Edward and loathed him, accusing him of trying to break them up. The truth was that Edward's comments and opinions didn't help Riley's situation, as he too didn't hold back his dislike of Riley, but the reality of the situation was that Edward's arguments were becoming more and more valid. The way Edward talked about Riley was exactly what he was or what he was quickly becoming—possessive and disrespectful. On the other hand, although Edward was a natural flirt, with everyone, he had never made a move on Bella. They had quickly become close friends, which happened when you were rehearsing and touring together, but he had never tried to be with Bella, pressure her in any way to be unfaithful to Riley. He joked publicly that he was waiting for Bella to be single, or that he loved her, but that was just Edward, a giant flirt with no verbal filter. Riley heard about everything Edward said and did from Rosalie, which made things so much worse. She was like a double agent. Originally she wanted Riley, so she watched Bella's every move closely and reported back to him, but now she wanted Edward...more, causing her to shed Edward in a bad light to Riley. Luckily, without even having to be told, Edward saw Rosalie for who she was and what she was trying to do, and he loathed her almost as much as he did Riley. However, it made for a tense working environment at times. Bella found herself being the peacemaker on more than one occasion. On the other side of the US, Riley was fuming. He had had enough of this long distance relationship crap and not knowing what was going on with Bella and "one hit wonder Edward." He had no reason not to trust Bella—she'd been faithful until now—but something was different; he could feel Bella drifting away from him. Even with his good friend Rosalie there giving him information, it wasn't enough, and Riley could tell she was becoming less and less objective about Edward. Riley needed to see for himself. "Edward, right foot forward, hips, one, two, three, four. One, two, three, four," the choreographer repeated. Bella stifled a giggle. His dancing was nearly as bad as his yoga poses. Bella could see him literally tripping over his too-big, wonky feet on stage. "Your counting means nothing to me, Tanya. I need help dancing, not with numbers." Edward harrumphed. "Can't I just hide behind my guitar or piano or something?" he whined. Bella could no longer hold back her laughter. Before she knew what was happening, she was over his shoulder being tickled, which he knew was her weakness. "Stop, Edward. Stop. You're going to drop me. Uncle, uncle," she gasped while struggling to get out of his grasp. "Say 'Edward is the best dancer.' Say 'Edward, I love you,'" he teased, his fingers unrelenting on her sensitive sides. "Okay, okay. Edward's the best dancer. I love—" Bella started. "Are you deaf? Or just dumb? When a girl says stop, you stop." Edward and Bella both froze at the sound of his cold voice. They both craned their necks in Riley's direction. "It's fine, Riley. We were