Here's a fun little O/S based on an article that has been circulating on Facebook. Some of you may have heard of it...The grapefruit blow job. (Thanks Edward's Eternal, for the inspiration) Thanks Cejsmom for the last minute betaing Birthday Surprise It's my birthday, my thirtieth to be exact. I know when you're an adult birthdays just aren't the same as when you're a child, but I can't help that bit of excitement as I pull into the garage of our house. Bella promised me something special today, a surprise. I told her, begged her not to go overboard, which she has a tendency to do. At nine months pregnant, in what has been a scary, unexpectedly high risk pregnancy, she and our baby, are more important, not my birthday. I smell the Italian food the second I open the door to the house. "It smells amazing in here, love. I hope you didn't spend a lot of time on your feet cooking," I say setting down my work things and taking off my shoes. "Nope," I hear coming from the next room, dishes clanging as she talks. When I round the corner, she takes my breath away...still. In a flowing dress, hair in a messy bun, no make up, natural beauty, just how I like her. "Hey, baby," I say laughing. "Both of you." I pull her against me and kiss her soundly, rubbing her large protruding tummy which protects our son, Masen. I swear he kicks against my hand to say hello. "Happy birthday," she says smiling against my lips. "Did you have a good day?" "Yep. Emmett took me to lunch and the girls in the office brought me a cake," I say grabbing a piece of garlic bread shoving it in my mouth. "How about you?" I say around my bite. "Are you feeling okay? Any contractions? Tired?" "Good," she says smacking my hand when I reach for another piece of bread. "Sit down, dinners getting cold." I get us both some water and do as she says. "How are you feeling baby? You know I hate being away from you two all day." "Good. Tired of course, because as you know I can't sleep for anything, but good." She takes a small bite of pasta before continuing, seeing those pouty lips around the fork, sends the blood straight to my neglected cock. I discreetly adjust myself under the table, she feels bad enough that we can't have sex and haven't been able to for months. "I saw doctor Cope today." She has my full attention with that. "I didn't know you had an appointment today, I thought it was tomorrow. Is everything alright?" "Relax Edward, everything's fine. I just moved the appointment up a day. I had some things I wanted to ask him about, you know what to expect, etc. I'm fine, the baby is fine. Hopefully only one more appointment before I go into labor. He's really happy we've made it this far." I'm disappointed I missed it, I always go with her to her appointments. "Edward," she says putting her hand over mine. "I needed to ask him a few things. Can you trust me when I say that you'll understand later?" She reassures me, knowing my tendency to overreact. I nod, "okay." Taking another bite of the delicious pasta that she had delivered from my favorite restaurant. After dinner, I clean up the few dishes we used and put away the leftovers. I see the chocolate mousse in the refrigerator, but don't say anything. I just hope she doesn't fall asleep before we get a chance to eat it. I join her on the sofa, a fire warming the room, music is quietly playing in the background. She's laying down so I move her legs and sit settling her now swollen feet in my lap. I start rubbing, just like she likes. The pleasurable moan she makes, reminds me of her sex sounds, my cock hardens again. That thing can go from zero to sixty in two seconds flat these days, like when I was a horny teenager. I adjust her feet so she doesn't feel my need...for her. "You ready for dessert?" She asks after I rub both feet equally. "Sure. Do you want me to get it?" She shakes her head, but needs help to sit up and then stand. I smile at the waddling figure walking away from me. From behind she looks almost the same, a little more to grab, which I love. She's always been so thin and now she's curvier, softer. I hope some of that stays after the baby is born. "Happy birthday to you," she sings in her off tune voice, while carrying the lit up mousse cake. "Thanks, baby," I kiss her. "My favorite." We tuck into our slices of the most delectable mousse cake I've ever eaten. "This is amazing. Where did you get it?" "That little bakery across town. I goggled mousse cake and they came up on Yelp as having the best," she says proudly. "Oh, let me get your gift." She tries to get up quickly and I have to reach out to steady her. "Slow down, baby. No rush. I'm here all night," I say opening my arms wide. She blushes and laughs nervously before turning and walking away. Hmmm, why the blush? "This is great! I guess I need to brush up on my lullabies," I say while tuning the vintage guitar she gave me. "I love my surprises, baby." I say pulling her into my lap. With one hand on my baby and the other behind her neck I chastly kiss her with all the love and passion I have for her. It astounds me that with each day I love her more than the last. "Wow, someone is thankful," she says. "But that wasn't your surprise." "It wasn't?" She shakes her head, that blush creeping into her cheeks again. "What's up baby? You're nervous and blushing. It's just me, don't be nervous." "Um, I want to try something...in the bedroom," she rushes out. "Do you trust me?" Her eyes boring into mine. "Of course, completely. If you think I'll like it then, ya sure. I'll do whatever," answering honestly and trying not to think with my cock, which only heard the word bedroom and is coming to life. "Okay," she says after a deep breath. "Come on." She grabs my hand and leads me down the hallway. Our bedroom is neat and tidy, the bed is made, but there are some towels folded on the end, a few of my neck ties laid out and a couple of throw pillows piled up. "Let's take your shirt off," she says tentatively reaching for the buttons of my dress shirt, she releases each one, her hands grazing my chest and abs lightly as she works. I can already feel my cock pressing against the zipper of my pants. Down boy, this may not be about you. With the shirt pushed off of my shoulders and on the floor, she kisses my chest. I'm already getting all worked up and needy. "Baby, what's this about. You're driving me crazy here." "This is about you," she whispers against my skin. "For you." "But…" "I cleared it with the doc." "But, you're not supposed to get...aroused," I whine. "It's okay. He says I'm close enough to my due date. Still no intercourse, but if I get excited it's okay." Elation, excitement, relief...well, not relief yet. "For my sanity, let me get this straight. For months now you haven't been able to even get aroused for fear of going into labor. So we've avoided...everything. No seeing each other naked, no showers together, no morning cuddling, no touching, barely any kissing and now…it's a go?" She nods shyly. "But I have something planned for you. I think you're going to like it." "Baby, I'm up for anything. Just don't be surprised if I come in like two seconds because I've been almost as sexless as you...almost." "What? You haven't been taking care of business in the shower, which I have totally been avoiding thinking about because it gets me all hot and you know…" I shake my head. "I've tried. No orgasms for you, no orgasms for me...for the most part." She raises a brow at me. "Okay, a few times I couldn't help it. It just wouldn't go away. Cold water didn't even help and I can't exactly go to work with a boner can I?" She laughs, "Imagine how I've felt, pregnancy hormones making me hornier than usual. If I didn't love this little guy so much I would've gone crazy." I hug her to me. "I'm all yours, do what you want with me." "Okay, um...I'm going to cover your eyes." This is new, but I'm not opposed to anything right now. I bend down so she can reach better as she ties one of the dark ties around my head. "Can you see anything?" "Nope!" I say, my eagerness making her giggle. I hear some shuffling noises before she touches me again. The muscles in my stomach quiver when she touches them. She makes quick work of the button and zipper leaving my pants pooled around my ankles. She palms my hard cock through my boxer briefs, making me grunt. Months, months since she's touched me like this. Lowering my briefs, my cock springs free. "How are my balls, baby? What shade of blue?" "Not blue," she laughs in husky voice, obviously affected by seeing me naked. "A perfect shade of…" "Umph," I grunt. Her mouth and tongue on said balls. Instinctively my hands go to her hair. "Uhn, uhn, uhn. No hands or I'll tie them up. My gag reflex is hyper sensitive." I nod, disappointed, but not, cuz damn…she's down there. With her hands firmly on my ass, keeping my hips still, her tongue tests the leaking tip of my cock. Not being able to see what she's doing, the anticipation level is high. I struggle to listen to every sound and smell, focusing on my other senses. But the sense of her touching me is in the forefront. "I missed this," she muses while taking me in her hand and stroking slowly. "God, yes. So have I." She giggles again. "Liking your surprise so far?" "You have no idea." When her warm, wet mouth engulfs the tip of my cock I about die from pleasure. I cannot remember it ever feeling this good. My hips shift instinctively. "Sorry." I mumble. "We can't have that, Edward," she tsks. "I'm going to have to tie you to the bedpost." "Really, baby. I'll be good I swear, no more thrusting," I plead because her mouth is no longer on me and she's attempting to stand. I put out a hand for her to grab onto, which she does. "I need you perfectly still if this is going to work," she insists. I shrug, I trust her and if it means she's touching me I'll do just about anything...just about. She secures my hands together with what I assume is another tie. Then backs me up to the bedpost and attaches it there. "Spread your legs a little bit, Edward," she asks, I kick my pants and boxers off my feet, and get into a comfortable stance before she secures my waist up against the post as well. I can move a little, it's not too tight, but my hip action is definitely being hindered, which is good because I apparently have no self control right now. Can we get back to my cock? I'm thinking when she says she'll be right back. My erection, which has been unwavering, deflates slightly. I listen for sounds from the other room, I think I hear the refrigerator close, but I can't be sure. "I'm back." I hear her shuffling around a bit. When her warm mouth unexpectedly engulfs my cock