A/N : This story is primarily Movieverse, with the addition of 'The Scouring of the Shire' and some of the other hobbit characters mentioned in the books. Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin have returned to their beloved home to find that it has entirely changed in their absence. Ruffians rule it and a mysterious individual named 'Sharkey' has taken control. Farmer Cotton meets up with them and offers that they all stay with him while they figure out a way to deal with the situation. Rating : T for violence and adult themes. Pairings : Sam/Rosie, Frodo/Rosie, Meriadoc/Estella, Peregrin/Diamond Disclaimer : I do not own this brilliant universe or its characters. They all belong entirely to J.R.R. Tolkien and the interpretative genius of Peter Jackson. In the first few, preliminary chapters, I use some direct quotes from the book. Chapter I Notes : * The Cotton family: Tolman (Farmer Cotton, Tom), Lily Cotton (wife), Young Tom, Rose, Jolly, Nick, and Nibs. A Journey of Hobbits : [All That Glistens] .+. Chapter I Around the Kitchen Table " I for one would rather suffer now Than leave this life without passion This is our chance Our time to stand" -As I Lay Dying .+. Frodo and Merry sat together at the table in the Cottons' small kitchen, the events of the evening still weighing heavily on their minds. Farmer Cotton and his wife had briefly excused themselves to prepare hot beverages and scrape together a decent supper. Their children occupied the seats on the opposite end of the two travel-weary hobbits. "They all said you'd been offed," Nibs said, wide-eyed and mouth even so slightly agape. Merry furrowed his brows and frowned a bit, "well, that's what comes of listening to the likes of rumors. As you can see, Frodo and I are very much alive, so you can all stop starting at us as if we were ghosts." "Oh," Nibs nodded, trying to compose his face. "Right." "I don't know what foolishness any of you have been up to," Rosie spoke up then, as all but one of her brothers seemed to have gone speechless. "When Sam came riding through here earlier, he only said he'd been off with you, Mr. Frodo," her eyes shifted to him, stern and purposeful. "And all I have to say about that is you'd better have a good reason for disappearing the way you all did." "Good reason?" Merry replied, tone indignant. "Why, if y-" "It's alright," Frodo spoke up then, having merely regarded the Cotton daughter in silence. His glance briefly shifted to Merry before it returned to Rosie, a reassuring smile crossing his face. "All will be explained in time. At the moment, unfortunately, we have other things to concern ourselves with." Rosie seemed sated by that, though a trace of discontent was evident to Frodo. He found he entirely understood the call for its presence, as he'd deprived her of her dear Sam for an entire thirteen months without word of his whereabouts or assurance of his return. "The least you could tell us is the location you all been residin' in," Mrs. Cotton pressed as she returned to the table, loaf of bread in one hand and a sampling of ham in the other. "It was no single location," Merry corrected, "and different for each me and Frodo. I was in Rohan most of the time, while he trekked to the very edge of our map. Mordor, to be exact. He and Sam both." Frodo noted the confusion that followed this answer, and considered it was also well placed. It was a thing unheard of among Hobbits (with the exception of Bilbo, at least). He supposed they probably expected this of him , an adventurous streak running in the family or something of the like. However, for the others, and especially for Sam, it was nearly uncharacteristic. "Rohan and Mordor?" Tolman Cotton questioned finally. "Such foreign places I've scarcely heard of! what business had you there?" "A quest of vital importance," Frodo started to answer, yet he hardly knew how to properly explain. "Involving a ring of power, and the need to travel to the only place it could be destroyed. It had been kept here, in the Shire, for over 50 years, in possession of my Uncle. Gandalf learned of its nature and assigned us with its transportation from here, to Bree, and then on into Rivendell." He paused then, as Tolman's eyes lifted to the window, scrutinizing and belaying that his mind was, indeed, beginning to return to their current situation. When his attention shifted back to Frodo, he only nodded and smiled politely. "Well, I'm glad to see you've all returned safely." "I certainly hope you didn't face too much trouble," his wife added, her expression also notably distracted. An indignant huff escaped Merry but, as he caught Frodo's eyes, he composed himself. "None that couldn't be handled, no." A silent nod was all she offered at that and, after a moment, Frodo felt it was time to turn the direction of their conversation to what was undeniably more pressing. "Tell me how all this began, Tom." This was the only prompt Cotton needed before he began to explain. He told them of Pimple and his trading of supplies, of the arrival of the ruffians, the tearing down and rebuilding of new structures, the scavenging and lock ups. Things had only gotten worse from there, as Pimple declared himself 'Chief'. Rules were declared and belongings and food were stolen. Sharkey had come then and ruination had set in. "Who is this Sharkey?" Merry asked. "I heard one of the ruffians speak of him." Cotton was quick to answer this too, revealing that Sharkey was the big man whom had taken residence at Bag End. No one had seen him, but all the ruffians were at his bidding. His orders included hacking, burning, ruin and now even killing. He had begun turning the Shire into a place of industry, where peace could not be found, even in the night. "That's right!" added Young Tom after his father."'Why, they even took Pimple's old ma, that Lobelia, and he was fond of her, if no one else was. Some of the Hobbiton folk, they saw it." Frodo's eyes lowered briefly, as he was reminded of what he had seen in Galadriel's mirror, all that time ago. It seemed the Shire's future had indeed been heading in that foretold and foreboding direction. A wasteland; a place of bondage and misery. A sad sort of smile crossed his face as he listened to Tom junior's telling of Lobelia's stand against the ruffians, and at how she had shown more spirit than most anyone else. The woman had always possessed such a fierce temper, and he sincerely hoped that they might find her yet alive when the ordeal was over. However, his attention was instantly roused and directed to the front door as Sam burst through, followed by his gaffer. Frodo was pleased to discover that the old man hadn't much changed since he'd last seen him. "Good evening. Mr. Baggins!" the gaffer said as he set his own eyes on him. "Glad indeed I am to see you safe back." He approached the table with his son behind him, claiming the attention of every occupant in the room. "But I've a bone to pick with you, in a manner o' speaking, if I may make so bold. While you're been trespassing in foreign parts, chasing Black Men up mountains from what my Sam says, though what for he don't make clear, they've been and dug up Bagshot Row and ruined my taters!" "I am very sorry, Mr. Gamgee," responded Frodo, sincerity evident in his voice. "But now I've come back, I'll do my best to make amends." "Well, you can't say fairer than that," the gaffer returned. "Mr. Frodo Baggins is a real gentlehobbit, I always have said, whatever you may think of some others of the name, begging your pardon." Frodo merely nodded, knowing the man was referring to his uncle. Others had deemed him cracked, even somewhat ostracizing him from their simple society. Hobbits were typically tentative creatures, and responded to the unknown as would a fearful child, with avoidance and, on occasion, resentment. "And I hope my Sam's behaved hisself and given satisfaction?" The man then asked. "Perfect satisfaction, Mr. Gamgee," Frodo assured him. His mind returned then to that look of discontent on Rosie's face, as he all at once knew a way in which he might somewhat appease her. With a slight, genuine smile, and without averting his gaze from the gaffer, he continued. "Indeed, if you will believe it, he's now one of the most famous people in all the lands, and they are making songs about his deeds from here to the Sea and beyond the Great River." When he looked to Sam then, he noted the blush, but also a fair bit of gratitude contained in his gaze. Rosie had offered him an impressed, wide smile and, as Frodo also glanced to her, he noted how prominently her eyes shone as she beheld Sam. Her family too, it seemed, all looked to his friend with similar, admiring expressions. They were proud of him. From beside Frodo, Merry also afforded Sam a firm nod. The former gardener deserved their respect, as his valiant efforts had rightfully earned him all manner of praise. "It takes a lot o' believing," said the gaffer, ever practical in his opinion. "Though I can see he's been mixing in strange company." His eyes looked to the foreign and exquisite garb his son wore. "'Strange indeed," Frodo offered, containing another smile at that. It was, after all, a severe understatement. It was after an ensuing pause though, that Farmer Cotton redirected the focus of the conversation. "Enough on all that now, we'd best be preparing for a full day come tomorrow." He looked to his children, "better be oft to bed with us then. There'll be plenty of time to hear more of Sam's wandering's when this is all said and done." He looked to the trio and gaffer before motioning a hand to a set of spare rooms, "you all can bunker here as long as you need." "Make yerselves at home," Lily added as she rose beside her husband. "Thanks for the offer," Merry replied as he stood, stretching his arms. "But I'm going to keep watch on the main road. I'll return in the morning." "Do you need any help?" Sam asked. Frodo silently looked to his cousin, willing to assist as well. "No, you two rest," Merry insisted as he stepped towards the door. "Keep up defenses here." "Very well," Frodo relented. "Be careful." The Brandybuck nodded before heading out into the night and securing the door behind him. "Nibs," Farmer Cotton began saying then to his youngest, "you'll be stayin' to look after your ma and sister tomorrow, understood?" The boy seemed a little disappointed with the request, yet wordlessly nodded all the same. He received some sympathetic glances from each Nick, Jolly and Young Tom, before they all made their way from the kitchen with only parting waves in the direction of Frodo, Sam and the gaffer. "Be sure and let me know if you need anythin'," Lily stated to the trio before turning and following after Tolman, who directed Rosie to head to bed also. At her father's request, the hobbit lass stood, smoothed her skirt, and offered a set of polite smiles to the three who returned her gesture with smiles of their own. Her eyes lingered briefly on Sam before she also took her leave. The cackle of the hearth was heard in the silence the three were greeted with. Frodo looked to Sam and noted that his eyes had fixed on where Rosie had sat. He lifted a hand to his shoulder, expression earnest. "Go on and get some rest, Sam."