Faramir was looking forward to an unexpectedly happy future. Certainly only a few months ago the best fate he had anticipated was a quick and glorious death in battle. Instead, spring had brought Sauron defeated, Gondor delivered, a king returned, and, greatest joy of all, a love requited. As time and hope tempered his grief for his brother and his horror at his father's end, he felt his world opening around him like some vibrant blossom. In the days before the coronation, he divided his time between readying the city for the king's entry and blissful hours at Éowyn's side. Just administering the repair of the war's damage to the seven circles could have taken all the time in his day, but he soon had a team of overseers and craftsmen to take charge of the major tasks. The mood of the people was jubilant, such as Faramir had never seen before, even at the most lighthearted midsummer festival. Like everyone else, he was curious to know more about the king. His only meeting with Elessar had been at his time of awakening in the Houses of Healing. He remembered vividly the deep, strong and gentle voice calling him out of the darkness and the grave face with warm grey eyes bending over him as he woke. But the king did not again enter the city before leaving three days later with the army marching on the Black Gate, and Faramir was then confined to his bed. Tongues wagged. Rumors and stories flew around the seven circles, to be chewed over in the taverns and inns. Some were nonsense. The king, some said, was an Elf lord sent by Elvenhome to save Gondor. He was Isildur himself sprung from the grave to summon the Army of the Dead. Gandalf had conjured him up with his staff out of the legends of the North. The Sword Reforged could slay men on its own, leaping at a spoken word out of its scabbard. The green stone could show images of the future, or cause bare trees to grow leaves and fruit overnight. The king had cast down Barad-dûr and destroyed Sauron by confronting him in the Seeing Stone. The Star he wore on his brow was the star of Eärendil come back to Middle-earth. His healing hands could even bring back the dead. Faramir only wished he would hear something that might actually be true. But he had little time to pursue the matter, nor did he want to ask prying questions of the few in the city that were likely to have some personal knowledge of the king—such as the two Northern Rangers, recovering from wounds, who had remained behind when the Host marched forth. And he did not like raising the question with Éowyn, who was rather prickly about Aragorn and did not know much anyway. Things only got worse when his two aunts arrived in the city for the coronation festivities. Faramir had moved his personal belongings out of the Citadel, which was being made ready for Aragorn's return. Dreaming of the day when he would bring Éowyn there as a bride, he settled into the sumptuous house in the fifth circle that he had inherited from his mother, who had brought it to the Steward's family as part of her marriage settlement. Shortly after, his aunts, Denethor's older sisters, arrived from Linhir, where the Lady Morwen lived with her husband, Artamir, Lord of Pelargir. Haleth, unmarried, lived with her. While they had not actually seen it, they had heard stories of the Army of the Dead as it passed through the town, and Artamir had joined the Grey Host and assisted in the assault on the corsairs at Pelargir. He was now with the Army of the West at Cormallen. Haleth was a shy, sweet lady who had always favored Faramir of all her nephews and nieces and given him many gifts of books as a boy. But Morwen was a female caricature of her brother: officious, domineering and haughty where Denethor had been dignified, masterful and proud. In place of the intelligence and astute judgment that had earned Denethor respect and honor, she was a mix of gossip, petty prejudices and trite opinions. Denethor himself had disliked her and sought to discourage her visits to the city. Faramir discovered that she was interested in only the most private aspects of recent events: What was Éowyn really like? Was she suitable to marry into an ancient family of high blood? "Running off disguised to fight in a war! What kind of behavior is that for the Steward's lady?" Morwen declaimed. "I hope she is not proud of it!" Faramir did not reply. "You do know that you will far outlive her," Morwen said. "Your children may lose the long life of Númenor as well." Faramir felt his temper rising, but he endeavored to keep his tongue still. "And everyone says she is quite besotted with the king," Morwen said. "Are you sure that you are not just second best?" Faramir stood up. "Dear aunt," he said between his teeth, "I can only say this: one, to be second best to King Elessar is no insult; and two, if any man said to me what you have just said, he would find himself on the ground before he knew what hit him. And now I will bid you good day." And with that, he left the house and went to find Éowyn, determined to gain that day as many kisses as he could woo from her inexperience. The next day, Morwen's focus shifted: Was the king married? "I don't believe so," Faramir said, happy the subject had moved from himself and his betrothed and hoping to heal the breach with his difficult aunt. "At least I haven't heard anything of a wife or children." "Well! That must soon be settled," said Morwen. "And I can't imagine what better family to produce a queen than ours." She could only be speaking of her remaining unmarried daughter, Lalaith, nearly forty years old and a sworn spinster, unless she meant Imrahil's young daughter, Lothíriel. Faramir decided that silence was the best answer to these musings. But his aunt would not hold her tongue, and soon was chatting up every lady in the city with plans and speculation. Faramir thought, with some amusement, that the run on the dressmakers' shops was no doubt making them a small fortune. Then Morwen heard that the Northern Rangers all wore a star on their cloaks, just as had the mysterious Captain Thorongil, whom, of course, she had known during his years in Gondor. "So Thorongil was one of the king's men!" she exclaimed. "Or the father of one of them! What a shame that we did not know! He should have been made to marry." Fixing his eyes on his book, Faramir tried to keep his lips from twitching. He had a vivid picture in his head of his aunt ordering a captain of Gondor to a handfasting. She prattled on. "Captain Thorongil was a most handsome and capable man, but quite unsuitable for the best ladies in Gondor. He had no family, no title, no father. If we had known of his connections, it might have been different. A number of lesser families did sound him out on marriage with their daughters, but he always declined. Why, by now he would have been a grandfather, and just think of the ties we would have with the king's men! It was strange at the time, I thought. What better way for a nameless foreigner to establish himself? And he liked women very well, so that was not the problem. I even heard that he had affairs, but I was never able to find out the names. He was so infuriatingly discreet." Gritting his teeth, Faramir thought, Indeed, a model for all of us. "I never did understand why Denethor disliked him so much," Morwen said. "Excellent manners! Rather quiet, but such a fine looking man!" Haleth, sitting in the corner engrossed in the embroidery that was her life's passion, said in her quiet voice, "Captain Thorongil had a true gentle heart. At court he looked rather like the statues of the kings in the Great Hall, but when he smiled, his face lit up like the sun." This was a long speech for Haleth. Indeed, it was unusual for her to speak at all, especially when Morwen was present, and Faramir had learned long ago that what she said was thoughtful and often important. But Morwen said, "Spare me, Haleth. You were always sweet on him." Haleth blushed scarlet. "Morwen, how dare you—you know better—I never—" and she clutched her throat, coughing. Faramir picked up her hand and kissed it. "Lady Haleth always sees straight to the truth of any man." "Oh, nonsense," Morwen said. "She is a silly goose. Captain Thorongil was a man of war and, as I myself saw in tourneys, a very dangerous opponent with a blade. Gentle, indeed! But we must find out what sort of ties he had with these Northern Rangers…." And so it went. Faramir was pointedly silent in response to these speeches, but Morwen did not seem to care. Then Imrahil returned to the city, and Morwen had a new audience. "My lord prince," she said, "have you heard this story? Have you heard that Captain Thorongil was one of the king's men?" "Don't be a fool, Morwen," Imrahil said. "Captain Thorongil was Aragorn himself." This surprised even Faramir. Haleth dropped her embroidery and turned white. Morwen gasped. "What! Are you sure?" she said. "Of course. I recognized him." "But you could be mistaken." "I am not mistaken. I knew him at once. I ought to know the captain at whose side I fought at Umbar. And no two men could handle a sword like that." "But he says so? He confirms it?" Imrahil gave her an exasperated look. "Morwen, Aragorn has been a little busy lately, as you may have noticed. But if it will make you happy, yes, when I first saw him on the Pelennor after the victory, I said, 'Welcome back, my lord. I have been expecting you.' And he greeted me by name, saying that he was most honored to see me again. Are you satisfied?" "Imrahil, you make my flesh crawl," Morwen wailed. "Expecting him! These foretellings!" "Complain to Faramir," the prince said. "He had the dream. Didn't you hear the words? I knew who would come in response, and, I expect, so did Denethor." Faramir looked up at him sharply, but said nothing. "My brother knew no such thing," Morwen said. "He did. He knew who Captain Thorongil really was, although I don't know how he found out. I knew, from seeing it." "Oh, never mind," Morwen said, dismissing this important matter with a wave of her hand. "But this means the king is much older than we could have thought." Faramir saw the light of calculation in her eyes, and figured she was measuring the age of the man against the prospects for Gondor's older unmarried ladies. "He is nearly ninety, I believe," said Imrahil. "But he is a full-blooded Númenorean, as you would expect. As I understand from what I have been told about the Northern Dúnedain, he will probably live some seventy-five more years, and easily outlive me and maybe even Faramir." Morwen gaped in surprise. "Well, that is most astonishing. Who would have guessed it! Captain Thorongil! I should have known! Why didn't Denethor tell me?" she rattled on. "But Imrahil, please do say, is Lord Aragorn married? Perhaps he prefers older ladies." And she seemed to flash a look at her sister. Imrahil raised his eyebrows and fixed Morwen with a look of stern disapproval. "I will not," he said in a menacing tone, "have you bringing disgrace upon the Steward's family with your silly plots." "You men never do understand the importance of these