Chapter One: The Steward's Heir Denethor did not know exactly when his opinion of the man began to change. It seemed to have crept up on him so subtly that there was no real beginning, just an imperceptible drift. But from that faint blush his dislike had now become blood-red. When the man had first arrived in Minas Tirith, he was far too below the Steward's Heir to merit much attention, despite the high regard of the King of Rohan. On the basis of that recom­menda­tion Denethor had, more or less immediately, placed him in charge of a troop of guardsmen within the city. An important post, but scarcely making its holder worthy of Denethor's personal recognition. However, Denethor made a point of looking out for talent among the men, and soon noticed that Thengel's men had understated the case. Yes, the man was an extraordinary swordsman and a talented military leader, which the Rohirrim recognized with high approval, but he also had knowledge of the ancient lore and spoke several languages, as well as possessing a love of music and poetry that told of far more than a mercenary's life. He spoke Quenya as well as the Sindarin of the Dúnedain. The Rohirrim, being largely unlettered and valuing only their horses and arms, were too ignorant to even know what Quenya was. At this point Denethor mentioned him to his father, knowing that Ecthelion was always looking for more talent to promote in building the forces of Gondor against the increased threat of Mordor. It was then, for a brief time, as Thorongil began to rapidly gain the ear of his father and the respect of men in the city, that Denethor contemplated befriending him. He was quite sharp, when so many, to one of Denethor's capacities, merited little more than scornful pity. It wasn't until then that he gave much thought to the mystery of the man's origins and true name. Many men served Gondor without much attention being paid to where they came from or who their fathers were. Ecthelion was, in Denethor's opinion, a little too free on this point, but he acknowledged the need for the talent. He sought to promote certain individuals on his own account so that their loyalty would be directed at himself and not only his father. And he certainly thought that Thorongil would be a good addition to his side. He made a few overtures, including an invitation to a sparring match with the sword, which was readily accepted. Thorongil was a valuable opponent, and Denethor found himself admiring the man's swift ease with his blade. He learned some things from him, which, he had to admit, had not happened for a long time. It was rather pleasant, for a change. When he asked the man where he had learned his sword-fighting, the answer was, "My teachers were two brothers with extraordinary skills and experience. I was indeed fortunate." He called the man to his office shortly thereafter, seeking to impress upon him that Denethor could prove to be a valuable master if he were willing to do as bid. This usually had an effect on men, who held Denethor in high regard by virtue of his talent and his title. But Thorongil either did not understand what he was being told (which seemed unlikely) or he was strangely indifferent to such offers of advancement. It was not his words per se, "I serve Gondor, my lord, according to the commands of her Steward and his council," but the look in his grey eyes as he spoke. A proud distance out of place in a subordinate. What could the man be thinking? It was then that Denethor began to inquire of others what they might know about the mysterious captain (yes, after two years he had been promoted to a captain of the Guard, one of 12, and then sent to Ithilien as one of the senior officers of the commander of the Rangers). Denethor had heard speculations and rumors spoken of, but the question had not seemed very important. As it turned out, nobody knew much. It was clear that the man had some Númenorean blood, from his appear­ance, his speech, and his skills. In fact, he had never denied it. But nobody knew where he had been born or much else about his past before Rohan, beyond that he was (at that time) 35 years old. That he would say. But all other questions were either ignored, deftly turned aside with an ambiguous answer, or confronted with a steady look from those grey eyes and the quiet words, "Ask me no questions, my lord, so that I may be spared the shame of lying to you." Probably it was then that Denethor's opinion began to sour. But it did not occupy much of his attention; he had other matters to address. And then Ecthelion sent the captain to Ithilien as the commander of the Rangers. The last inhabitants of that once bountiful land had finally fled across Anduin ten years before, after Mount Doom had burst into flame, spewing its poison into the pure air over the eastern reaches of Gondor. Thorongil, it turned out, was a remarkable tracker and hunter, skilled in woodcraft of all kinds. A truly strange set of talents he had, indeed. For three or four years he was little in the city, which suited Denethor just fine. It was to be hoped that Ecthelion would retain the captain in a post far, far away; Denethor was beginning to be sick of his face. In the next year, the first of two things happened that quite clinched Denethor's suspicious dislike. Ecthelion promoted Thorongil to Captain of Gondor and made him a member of the inner council. No mysterious strangers had ever been given such power before. When Denethor pointed this out to his foolish father, the Steward said, "If Thorongil's services are conditional on my respect for his wish to remain unknown, I am happy to grant it, for his worth would merit a much greater reward." At least, due to his assignment in Ithilien, he was in the city so seldom that many council meetings took place without him. Then, the next spring, yet another incident proved far more disturbing. Denethor went to Ithilien on the Steward's behalf to conduct an official inspection of the Ranger operations. Naturally this involved extensive contact with Thorongil, which was fine. Despite their mutual dislike (at least Denethor assumed that by now the man returned his negative feelings, although it was often difficult to read him), they worked together smoothly. Certainly Denethor had no intention of ignoring the man's ability. He made it clear to him and to any others that might notice that he valued and respected the captain's opinions and capacities. Not to show respect for Thorongil would have been foolish on several counts: first, Denethor would have deprived himself of a valuable servant, and second, others might have misinterpreted any animosity as due to jealousy or resentment of his father's favor. Denethor was far too proud to risk gaining a reputation as petty or susceptible to feeling in any way threatened by a subordinate. And usually they thought alike, in fact—except on the matter of Gandalf the Grey, whom Denethor could not abide. The captain, on the other hand, seemed to know him rather well. In Ithilien, however, he was surprised at the extent of the respect and trust that the men displayed toward their commander. And he had to admit (he made it a habit to examine his motives and to insist on honesty with himself) that he did feel a certain resentment and jealousy in this case. While he himself commanded the loyalty and respect of many, never had he seen in another man's eyes that sort of trust; he was more accustomed to a look of wary fear. This had never bothered him, as he considered it to strengthen his own position of authority. But in Thorongil's case, the men's trust led to the same reinforcement of his command—or more so. They were willing to take risks on his behalf that would have required more coercion from Denethor or most other commanders. This, Denethor could tolerate. After all, an effective commander was an asset to Gondor's military defense. But that display of uncanny powers—that was an entirely different matter. He found out about it when a number of men badly wounded in an ambush were brought back to Henneth Annûn by their companions. One had been pierced by a poisoned arrow to his chest, and was bleeding from the mouth with shallow, agonized breaths. He was semi-conscious, white with shock and most likely not far from death. While the healers saw to the needs of the others, who suffered from blade cuts needing to be cleaned and stitched and other such wounds, Thorongil had the injured man taken to a separate alcove in the back. He knelt by the soldier's bed and placed his hand on his forehead. "What do you intend to do?" Denethor asked. "Let the healers see to him." "I have some skill," the captain said. "He cannot spare the time." He turned to an attendant. "Bring me hot water and clean cloths." He picked up the man's hand and held it firmly for a few minutes, closing his eyes, while Denethor watched impatiently. Then the captain turned his eyes on Denethor and said, in that quiet manner he had—which, Denethor thought, employed a seeming deference to cover an actual command, "It would be best if I could attend to him alone, if you would be so good, my lord." Denethor tightened his lips, but he could see no reason not to comply, so he moved away, but watched what he could from a distance. Thorongil further directed the attendant to bring him a leather bag from his own personal effects, and took some herbs from it. Then Denethor lost interest. This was just some sort of foolishness. When one of the other healers was finally free, he would make sure they looked at the poor man, if at least merely to ease his passing. It was an hour before this proved possible. By then Thorongil was nowhere to be seen, and Denethor felt a kind of grim satisfaction. He directed the healer to the wounded man, and asked him to see what could be done. "Is that the man the captain was attending, lord Denethor?" the healer said. "Yes. Please see to him. I would not leave him suffering." The healer gave him a strange look, but only said, "I will look at him." Denethor turned away to deal with some other business, and did not see the healer for some time. Then, when he went to inquire about the well-being of the other wounded, he asked him, "And how is the other man?" "Oh, very well. He is sleeping peacefully and should recover with time." This was astonishing. "And what did you do to make this possible?" "I did nothing, my lord. It was the captain." "Don't play with me, healer," he barked. "Indeed, my lord, I am not. I have seen this before. The captain has an ability such as we would all wish to have. I don't really understand what he does. But I see that he is not present; usually, after one of these healings, he needs to rest. I believe it is some Elvish magic." Elvish magic? Denethor decided not to grace this with a reply. He strode over to Thorongil's quarters and drew open the curtain that separated the alcove from the main room. The captain lay on his bed, eyes closed and rather grey-faced. "So, captain Thorongil, I hear that you are an Elf." The eyes opened. After a brief moment, the captain rose from his bed with a faint smile. "Your pardon, lord Denethor. I am quite weary. How shall I answer you? I am no more an Elf