Third Age Year 2983 "I plan to leave by the end of the week," said the Chieftain. Aragorn and Halbarad stood on the walls of the Dúnedain Keep, looking out to the green land of the Angle beyond. On the high ramparts a sweet breeze blew, easing the heat of the August day. Aragorn's hair, the ends still damp from his morning swim, shone in the sun. Strong body, long-waisted, lithe with a swordsman's grace, sleek with river water, rising naked from the blue stream. Halbarad dragged his eyes away from the beloved face, and closed his lips over the curse that threatened to escape. "So soon?" Aragorn shrugged, his keen eyes gazing into the cloudy east. "No reason to linger." Lips firm in the freshly trimmed darkness of his beard, profile noble as a bird of prey. "But you've only just arrived." The corner of Aragorn's mouth lifted in a half smile. "Have you forgotten how to count the days, Halbarad? I've been here a month. A long time by my usual custom." He rested his hands on the stone sill and leaned forward to gaze into the dark river below. Strong hands to mold willing flesh into desire…. Halbarad wrenched his thoughts away from the long-dead past, and pushed aside his longing. "It has been good to have you here." For the past two years, since his return from Gondor, Aragorn had passed most of his days wandering the wilds of Eriador. He came to the Rangers' stronghold only for brief stays, even in the harsh winter. And he had been gone for nearly twenty-five years before turning up one day, wholly unexpected, looking somehow bigger and certainly older, but just as quiet as he had always been. And just as beautiful. He said little of the years spent in Gondor, but Halbarad saw the new scar on the hard muscle of his right side, and knew by its color and size that one had almost killed him. He knew too that the sword hanging at Aragorn's side, just as it always had, was no longer the weapon of a young and untried warrior, but had been wet with the blood of many Men and Orcs. "You should spend more time here. The people barely know you. They expect to see you." "Why, when they have you?" Smiling, Aragorn turned at last to face him. "As capable as you are? We have settled what little business came before the captains, the harvest promises to be good, and your children grow. Now I may return to my duty." "Is not your duty here?" Incandescent laughter lit up Aragorn's stern face as he chuckled. "Are we not Rangers? You, too, are often gone. And you know, better than most, my vow to hunt the servants of Sauron in any land where they may be found. This time I mean to travel into the far east, to Rhûn and beyond." Halbarad drew a deep breath. Now is as good a time as any to bring it up. "You know that I support you in all you do. But before you go, there is one duty you have quite neglected." Aragorn grew still, and turned away again. When he spoke, his voice was cool with the distance that had wounded Halbarad's heart these past years. The distance that once was not there, so long ago, when they had loved each other. "I know what you will say." "Then you should act on it. Aragorn, you must marry." "There is yet time." "You are fifty-two years old." "My father did not marry till the age of fifty-six." "Your father was not the sole bearer of the line of Isildur. He had a father and a sister." Aragorn looked at him, and his eyes were dark. "Nor am I now the sole bearer of the royal line. You, too, are the great-grandson of Argonui. If I fail, you and your sons will be the Heirs of Isildur." Halbarad snorted in disgust. "Fail! How can you fail to marry? It is simple enough." A shadow of sadness crossed Aragorn's face before he hooded his feelings in a stern set of his mouth. "For you, maybe. Have more children, Halbarad. The Dúnedain need you." Anger surged from Halbarad's belly into his head in a burst of heat. He didn't know whether he would punch Aragorn in the face, or grab him in a passionate embrace. As if it has ever been so easy. As if I could love my wife as I love you. The good woman deserved love, but all he felt was affection and gratitude for her good nature and her forbearance. He sometimes wondered if she had guessed the truth. He doubted she had heard gossip. They had been so very careful. Aragorn clasped his shoulder and for the first time looked directly into his eyes. "I envy you, Halbarad, to have a loving wife and a small son. Be thankful for what you have. Such a fate is not for me." Two days later, Halbarad climbed again to the high ramparts and watched the tall, straight figure of his Chieftain make his way out of the gates of the Keep and disappear into the far distance. He did not see him again for eleven years. oOo Third Age Year 2994 When Rangers returned from the Misty Mountains bearing a tale of a party of Dwarves found brutally slaughtered and stripped of all their clothing and gear, Halbarad made up his mind that a visit to Rivendell, seeking counsel with Elrond, could no longer be put off. "We buried them as best we could, not knowing the custom of the Dwarves," said Rodnor, the returning captain. "You did well, captain," said Halbarad. "I will consider what further measures to take. Dismissed." Rodnor saluted and strode from the chamber without a further word. Frowning, Halbarad packed his pipe with weed and lit it, drawing heavily on the fragrant smoke. Holding the bowl of the pipe in one rough hand, he paced back and forth and pondered the problem at hand. Murder of travelers through the mountains was nothing new. But with this slaughter came tales of uncommon activity among the Orcs. For months now the tales had come back of their hoarse singing in the night—always the harbinger of greater danger. He had not been to Rivendell to take counsel with Elrond for a number of years. It was past time to visit again, and he could think of no reason why he should not go. Unfortunately. So he packed his bags and saddled his horse and made his way to the location of the Hidden Valley, where for a solid day he wandered in the vicinity of the path, seemingly lost. Then, rounding a clump of trees, he saw white stones set in the mossy earth that hadn't been there before. Shaking off the unpleasant tingle that slithered up his spine, he turned his mount down the steep path, knowing that within the hour, a welcoming party would appear as if by magic— it is magic —knowing who he was and why he was there. He never felt at ease in Rivendell, but his discomfort turned to pain at the flood of memories of Aragorn that always gripped him in the Valley. Here, Aragorn had grown to that young manhood of grace and strength. Here, he had been taught the Elven arts of love that welcomed the easy giving of pleasure without sin. Halbarad remembered that first kiss as if it had been yesterday. Shock and delight hit him in one ball of frenzy before he pulled away and hissed, "What are you doing?" Dismay shadowed Aragorn's face. "Don't you like it?" And Halbarad's world turned upside down as he answered, "Yes. Yes ." The best times had been journeying together in the Wild, just the two of them. Then they did not have to sneak and hide from the grim judgment of the doughty Dúnedain and their harsh moral code. Back home, what had been full of joy became a difficult game of clandestine caresses and regret. Then Aragorn had left to become Thorongil, and Halbarad tried to forget. A man of great discipline, he did this pretty well—at least when he was awake. At night, his dreams told a different story. Steeling himself against the flood of memories and furtive desires, Halbarad let his horse choose his pace as he wound down the long, twisting road into the Valley. The very air was softer and warmer, as if the Valley were in a different season than cold early spring. Already flowers grew, and the trees seemed to have kept their leaves all winter. Elrond was as ever courteous, grave and wise, his eyes shining like stars. Glorfindel glowed like soft moonlight. After hearing Halbarad's tale, Elrond and his councilors determined to send a messenger to the Lonely Mountain and to the Blue Mountains in the West, seeking the kin of the murdered Dwarves. It was all they could do. His business done, with great relief Halbarad went to visit Gilraen. She, at least, had changed. Ever beautiful, ever gracious, yet each time he came, there was more silver on her dark head and new fine lines around her grey eyes, so like her son's. With joy she served him wine and cakes on the terrace outside her elegant rooms. "You are in high spirits today, lady," he said as he accepted another small cake. She settled into her cushioned chair, setting her goblet of wine on a low table. "Why, naturally, Halbarad, with the good news we have just received. Do you not know?" "Elrond did not mention anything special." "Elves!" she said, with a subtle roll of her eyes. "Everything is a secret." Except what should be. He smiled. "Enlighten me, lady." "My son is to return soon. We received word from Gandalf. It's about time—it's been eleven years." "Excellent news." Halbarad slapped his hand on his thigh and grinned. "But I must say I never count on Aragorn until I see him. Last time he stayed away for nearly twenty-five years." Gilraen grimaced. "Let it not be so long ever again." "He will come back in his own time, as usual, my lady, no doubt with more great deeds to his name. We will all of us be overjoyed to see him. But I must add that there is some discontent among the elder Rangers when his name is spoken, and this time he will not leave again without doing his duty." Surprise lifted her fine brows. "What duty does he shirk?" "I speak of marriage and securing an heir for the line." Gilraen stared at him, her eyes clouding. She opened her mouth and shut it. She looked at her feet, where her white cat lay curled on a fold of her gown, and reached down to lift the cat into her lap. She buried her slender hands in the luxuriant fur, and, thus armed, spoke with her eyes fixed on the cat's golden collar. "Is there a lady?" "None of Aragorn's choosing," said Halbarad, puzzled by the sharp amusement that flashed across her face and then vanished like a gleam of the sun behind clouds. "But there are several daughters of high blood of marrying age, any of whom will suit." "Ah." She busied herself with petting the cat. "He must have a son. Our future requires it." Gilraen continued to stroke the cat. Silence settled in, except for the loud purrs that reached even Halbarad's ears. Perplexed that the prospect of grandchildren made her so uneasy, Halbarad changed the subject. "And you, lady? Will you return to the Dúnedain, as your father wishes?" "I think not, at least not yet." She looked up at him then and smiled. "I have been in Rivendell too long and cannot find it in me to go." Halbarad well understood that. Why rejoin the outside world with its sweat, blood