AN: So this is my first serious attempt at writing a fanfiction. I am so excited and I hope that it is enjoyable. This is an OC SI. Summary: What happens if a fellow student at Hogwarts is a vampire? Book 1: Harry Potter and the Girl who Died Chapter I: Before the Beginning Here I was, living my normal life, doing my normal job, and perfectly content with normality. Then, one hot summer day, I was crossing the crosswalk, after having looked both ways, and a car comes careening out of nowhere and hits me. The world went black. The first thing I became aware of was lying on my back on slightly uneven ground. Uneven, the pavement wasn't uneven, it seemed perfectly flat to me . The second thing I became aware of was soft feathery things falling on my face and on my hands. I opened my eyes and saw that I was in a forest, it was nighttime, and it was snowing. I shut them again. I'm dreaming, I must be dreaming, or I'm dead and this is what the afterlife is like . I lay still with my eyes closed and began to notice a few more things. I could feel that I was wearing different clothes than what I normally wore….some type of robe? I was also quite thirsty. Then I heard shouts "There she is!" Running footsteps. "Oh dear me, it doesn't look like she's breathing" a matronly Scottish sounding woman said. Just then I realized that I wasn't breathing and that I didn't feel the need to take a breath either. This astonished me so much that I didn't react as a pair of fingers were laid hard against my neck. "She has no pulse." A man with a voice that was as rich and smooth as cream announced. What? I'm…I'm not dead, because I'm thinking. "Oh, the poor child. Whatever will we tell her parents?" I didn't want to cause them too much alarm by dramatically having my eyes snap open so I pretended to stir and I let out a low moan. I slowly opened my eyes and found myself staring at the sky still. So I turned my head and saw the astonished faces of Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall. Professor Snape let in a sharp intake of breath and I realized he was looking at my throat "Minerva, look!" She bent closer and gasped, "We've got to get her to Madam Pomfrey." Severus looked grave, "I'm afraid it may be too late." Meanwhile, I was still just trying to process the fact that I was in the Harry Potter world. I didn't know whether or not I should be excited or scared. I closed my eyes again. I didn't know what the heck they were talking about but it did register that they knew who "I," this girl, was and that they had been looking for me. While I knew who they were I didn't have any memories of this girls' so I decided my best course of action was to pretend that I had lost all of my memories and didn't even know who they were. Just as I made up my mind to speak to them Severus picked me up bridal style and my eyes flew open as I automatically put my arms around his neck. He looked to the side, "I'll take her to the hospital wing. I think you should go get the Headmaster." He looked at me and I finally spoke. "Sir, could you tell me what my name is? I don't seem to remember anything." He stopped dead in his tracks and Minerva, who had gotten a little ahead of us, turned around and looked at me in shock. She looked at Snape and said, "Right, one thing at a time." She looked at me, "Let's not repeat conversations dear; wait until we have everyone gathered." Then she turned back around, transformed into a cat, and started running. It was my turn to be shocked, running, at her age? I remembered seeing her walk quickly in the movies, but I didn't remember her ever running. This would probably be a good time to mention that I have only ever read the books once and that was ages ago, and that I haven't even seen all the movies. Snape picked up his pace a little too but we weren't going anywhere near as fast. I looked around at the dark forest and deduced that we must be in the Forbidden Forest? Or was it called the Forbidden Woods? Oh goodness, how am I going to change things for the better if I can barely remember how things were in the first place? To my surprise we exited the woods, forest, whatever, not very long after that, so I hadn't been very far in. About fifteen or so minutes later we arrived at the infirmary where McGonagall, Madam Pomfrey, and Professor Dumbledore were all waiting. Snape gingerly set me down on the bed in a sitting position. For a moment no one spoke, Snape was recovering his breath and everyone else just looked so very worried. I felt a twinge of fear, I didn't feel like my health was in bad shape, besides for the thirst and not breathing. Wait….does this mean I'm a vampire? Dumbledore broke the silence, "Child, do you really not remember anything?" "No," I answered immediately, "I don't know who I am or how I came to be here." Severus spoke up, "Your name is Esmira Thorncrow and you are in my house." I gaped, "This castle belongs to you? Thank you kind Sir for rescuing me." Snape, who had probably never been called a "kind Sir" in his life, looked halfway between laughter at my question and bewildered at the latter. McGonagall rescued him from having to answer and said, "No, Esmira, the castle is a school. You had just started your first year here. The first term is over and you were one of the few students staying in the castle during Christmas break. Hogwarts, that's the name of the school, is divided into four houses with one Professor leading each house. We can tell you more about everything later, but you were, I mean, are, in the house that Snape is in charge of." Dumbledore said, "You just rest now while we get in contact with your parents." Madam Pomfrey burst out, "But what about-" Dumbledore cut her off, "We don't want to overwhelm Esmira, we'll talk more in the morning." 000 (A little while later in the Headmaster's office) Minerva was not a person who was easily shaken, but she was clutching her teacup now as if the thing could prevent her from drowning in this mess. Again, Dumbledore was the one to break the silence. "She is undoubtedly a vampire." McGonagall set her teacup on her plate and covered her face in her hands, "Oh dear….." She trailed off. Snape began to pace from where he had been standing. "Now, we have had a werewolf student and were able to manage that-" Dumbledore began. Snape whirled on him "That was only a once a month thing and he didn't rely on human blood to survive. I've tried contacting the girl's parents by floo powder and they didn't respond so I will be sending an owl immediately after this meeting and awaiting their answer. I can only hope that they do the sensible thing and take her home. They are reasonably well off and will be able to find a way to provide for her I am sure." Dumbledore looked uncomfortable, but didn't disagree and Minerva merely snatched her teacup again and took a big gulp. "Well," Dumbledore said, "Perhaps you had better get started on that letter then. I'm certain it will take you some time to word it just right." 000 (Meanwhile…) "What's your name?" I asked. "Madam Pomfrey. You must be feeling tired." "I don't feel tired actually," at which Madam Pomfrey looked suddenly flustered as if she had just remembered something. "Could you hand me a mirror? I don't remember what I look like." She hesitated, then a resolute expression crossed her face and she said, "Of course." She went and got one and then handed it to me. I was unsurprised to see that I looked like a twelve year old, since they said I had just started school here and that I had a different face and different hair, I also wasn't really surprised at what else I saw, though a cold feeling of dread did fill me. There were blood encrusted bite marks on my neck, my skin was unnaturally pale, my face was rather gaunt, which was very unattractive, and my eyes glowed red. They're actually glowing! It isn't even that dark in the room, just a little dim and I can still tell they are glowing! I swallowed, which only reminded me how thirsty I was, and I noticed Madam Pomfrey eyeing me nervously. I handed the mirror back to her, my hand was shaking slightly. "Could I have a book to read please? I need to get my mind off of things. I don't feel like I'll be able to get to sleep." She nodded, left my field of vision, and brought me a book. "Thank you." I said automatically as she handed it to me, not even looking to see what it was. Then she got a little towel, dipped it in some water, and gingerly cleaned my neck. After she was done she turned on the lamp by my bedside and said, "Just stay here reading and you'll be fine." Then she turned out the lights and left, maybe to go to her office nearby or wherever it was that she slept. I could still hardly believe it. I'm really here. I'm really at Hogwarts. Then, A vampire? Really? I vaguely remember one vampire being mentioned in the books and that nothing much was said about him. Vampires must not be very common. I can only hope that they aren't treated worse than werewolves. Even though Lupus was fired after he got found out at least he wasn't locked away in a cell somewhere. I really, really hope that they don't lock me away somewhere. That would be a miserable existence anyway, let alone knowing that you are in the Harry Potter world and that you could be learning how to do magic and everything. Then I decided that worrying would get me nowhere and I looked at the book in my hands A Beginner's Guide to the Healing Arts . I sighed, but I had nothing better to do so I started to read it. I read until morning. When the sunlight entering the room didn't kill me, I took that as a good sign. It did make me feel very weak and tired though. Professor Snape entered the room and sat in a chair beside my bed. "Esmira, I've sent an owl with a letter to your parents. I expect to hear back from them today. Since you don't remember anything, if they decide to let you come back to school, you'll have to start your first year over." He paused, I nodded. "I'm very thirsty. I don't suppose an animal would work?" I looked at him hopefully. "Oh…you figured it out then. No, that's been tried before." He looked regretful. I sighed, "How long can I…erm, live, without drinking blood?" "I don't know," Snape said, "It might vary from vampire to vampire, not a lot is known." "Could you take me on a tour of the castle?" Snape looked a little surprised, but agreed. We spent a good three hours walking around the castle, with the last place we visited being the owlery. No owl with a letter awaited us there. Severus looked worried. "They really should have responded by now." "Who?" I asked, having forgotten. "Your parents." "Oh." "Well," he