Hello, hello, my friends! Here's a small bio for each of the characters that will be forming part of this story, just for you guys to get to know them a little better before it actually begins. Gryffindor Rivka "Ree" Esther Longbottom : She is a Pure-blood Year Six student from Nazareth, Jerusalem – although she was adopted by Neville Longbottom, current professor of Herbology at Hogwarts, when she was five years old, and grew up with him living in his quarters at the school during the school year and in a small house in Godric's Hollow during the summer. She also grew up being really close to one of his father's friends' son, Simon McCarthy, who was training to become an Auror and got killed during the Ministry attack the previous summer. She's an outgoing girl, and also really athletic – she's a Chaser and Captain of the Quidditch team and also top of her class in most of her subjects, except Transfigurations. She also excels at dancing and Muggle football – which she often practices with the help of a few Muggle-born friends. In spite of her outgoing personality, she spends a lot of time with her father too – they often have dinner together or go for a walk on the weekends. Her NEWTs are Astronomy, Charms, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Potions and Transfigurations. Ariane "Ari" Buchanan : She is a Pure-blood Year Seven student from Ripon, Yorkshire. She grew up in a magical family with her parents, Peter and Jane, her older brother, Tony – who was an Auror and got killed during the Ministry attack the previous summer – and her younger siblings – Eleanor, currently fifteen and a Ravenclaw, and Arthur, a very bright ten-year-old. She's a loyal, brave girl, who usually excels at school and is curious by nature. She can often be found with her nose stuck in a book on her favourite subject – that is, the Muggle world. As a young witch who grew up isolated from the Muggle world, she has become increasingly interested in things such as Muggle cinema, music, art or literature – that's why she finds Muggle Studies a truly fascinating class, and hopes to work for the Ministry in the Muggle Liaison Office. Her NEWTs are History of Magic, Muggle Studies, Ancient Runes, Charms and Defence Against the Dark Arts. Marie Desaulniers : She is a Half-blood Year Six student from New Orleans, Louisiana. Born in the States to a MACUSA Magical Regulation officer and a Muggle – or No-Maj, as they call them there – voodoo priestess that her father met while working in New Orleans, she spent a happy childhood in Louisiana until her mother died in a car crash when Marie was seven. A few years later, after recovering from his wife's death, his father met a British witch who was visiting the city and, after they fell in love, the family decided to move to England and start a new life there. Marie is an energetic, lively girl, who loves to laugh and is absolutely fearless. She's also an intelligent, bright student, curious by nature and extremely skilled at Potions and spellwork. She has an older brother, Zephyrin, who attended Ilvermorny and was a Thunderbird, and Arabelle, a fourteen-year-old Slytherin. Her NEWTs are Care of Magical Creatures, Potions, Charms, Herbology and Astronomy. James "Jimmy" Wilde : He is a Muggle-born Year Six student from Brighton, East Sussex. As his blood status suggests, he grew up in a Muggle household, blissfully unaware of the existence of the Wizarding World – his mother, Nora, is a Muggle Primary School teacher, and his father, Horace, owns a small library near the Brighton Pier. He has a younger twelve-year-old sister, Grace, who is not magical but is constantly writing to him and asking about Hogwarts and what he's learning there. He's outgoing, nice, sometimes a bit cheeky, and won't hesitate to pull a prank on his fellow Gryffindors or a couple of annoying Slytherins – after all, he's one of those kids who always looks like he's having a great time. But there's a lot more to him than what meets the eye – deep inside, Jimmy is a very sensitive boy who is still coming to terms with his own sexuality and being a Muggle-born student surrounded by people who have lived in the Wizarding World their whole lives. He often listens to Muggle rock music and enjoys writing poetry. His NEWTs are Charms, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Care of Magical Creatures, Potions and Transfigurations. Aidan Leonhardt : He is a Half-blood Year Six student from London. At first, he would strike you as the average Gryffindor – outgoing, friendly, always up for a prank and also a bit of a flirt. However, behind his happy-go-lucky façade hides a much calmer and more manipulative boy who is capable of using intimidation to achieve his goals. In spite of this, he is still the most loyal of friends and cares deeply for his friends and his older sister Audrey, especially after their mother's death. He's pretty well-known at school, due to his reputation as a ladies' man and his involvement in the Quidditch and Duelling teams. Aidan has a lot of friends, given his easy-going and nice nature, but his closest friend is a boy in the year above him, Dave Prescott, and both of them have gotten into trouble on several occasions due to their shenanigans. His NEWTs are Defense Against the Dark Arts, Charms, Transfigurations, Astronomy and Potions. Hufflepuff Kanon "Kan" Miyamoto : She is a Muggle-born Year Seven student from Tokyo, Japan. Her family moved to Manchester when she was a little girl, under the tight grasp of an abusive mother who refused to acknowledge her children's magical abilities – for the Miyamoto family was graced with not only one, but four magical children. Her father, although a sweet and protective man, is also a victim of her mother Ran's abuse. She had an older sister, Etsuko, who died in the Ministry attack, and two younger siblings, Daichi and Daisuke, both fourteen and Ravenclaws. Kan can easily be described as the "Mom Friend" – she's always willing to help and even carries around a backpack with an assortment of weird but surprisingly useful supplies. She's easy-going and usually very well-liked, mainly because she always has words of kindness and support for everyone – although, unfortunately, she has an unhappier side, as she's currently struggling with anxiety and depression and an eating disorder due to her sister's death and her mother's constant abuse. Her NEWTs are Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, Charms, Defence Against the Dark Arts and Potions. She is also a Prefect. Martha "Marty" Anne Lovett : She is a Pure-blood Year Five student from Dublin, Ireland. Her parents are both Irish – although her mother immigrated to Ireland from Japan when she was two years old – and met at Hogwarts, becoming really close on their seventh year and, after three years together, they decided to get married and had Marty's older brother, Jonathan, Marty herself and her younger sister, Violet. She was also really close to her father's best friend, Johnny Kringle, who was like an uncle to her and worked with him at the Department of International Magical Cooperation until he got killed the previous summer. Marty is a really enthusiastic, focused and hard-working girl, and a people pleaser by nature, but also extremely loyal to her word and her friends. She does really well at school, but she's particularly fond of Arithmancy – to the extent of considering becoming an Arithmancer once she graduates. Her electives are Arithmancy and Ancient Runes. Gabriel Sanguine : He is a Half-blood Year Six student from Cambridge, East of England. He grew up as the only child of a Muggle psychiatrist and his wife, an Auror, and had a fairly normal childhood in which he developed a very deep bond with the boy who would become his best friend – Conrad Labyrinth. Gabriel is an optimistic, hot-blooded boy who shows a very strong dedication to his ideals and promises – that's why Conrad's death during the attack on the Ministry left him absolutely devastated and made him want to fulfill his old friend's dreams. He is extremely loyal, intuitive and an avid reader, and often gets along with his fellow Hufflepuffs and most Ravenclaws fairly well. His NEWTs are Ancient Runes, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Transfigurations and Care of Magical Creatures. Leon Phillips : He is a Half-blood Year Seven student from Dublin, Ireland. Although he may come off as a relaxed, easy-going guy at first, there's a lot more to him than what meets the eye – he often hides his thoughts or feelings, tending to lie to himself and the people around him a lot. However, he is also a very hard worker, and his close friends know that he has a more teasing, extroverted side. Born and raised in Ireland, his parents usually spent a lot of time working at the family bakery, resulting in Leon having to take care of his younger sisters Amelia and Mia. He had a best friend, Lucas, whom he met at age nine, who got killed during a rather unfortunate summer internship when the attack on the Ministry of Magic happened. This devastated Leon – he and Lucas were so close that they had developed a sort of brotherly relationship, and he had even been the first person Leon had come out as gay to. His NEWTs are Potions, Herbology, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Charms and Transfigurations. Kevin Finney : He is a Half-blood Year Six student from a little village in the middle of the English countryside. He's a highly extroverted boy, always willing to be surrounded by people and not minding being the center of attention at all. He's talkative, bubbly, and an excellent listener – and, although he might not be the brightest tool in the shed, he is still able to charm all sorts of people with his cheeriness and charisma. He excels at ballet and dancing in general, a hobby that was first introduced to him by his grandmother – that's why he felt devastated when he found out that his first ballet teacher, Norma Attwater, was killed during the Ministry attack the previous summer, as she was a huge role model for him and always encouraged him to follow his dreams. Growing up, he never felt neglected or lonely, in spite of being the result of a hook up between his mother and a Muggle lover that ultimately wanted nothing to do with her or their baby. At school, he is an enthusiastic and rather popular boy, with a lot of friends in his own House and a few scattered around the other three. His NEWTs are Astronomy, Charms, Muggle Studies, History of Magic, and Divination. Ravenclaw Sereina Marie Vash : She is a Half-blood Year Six student from Worcester, England. She grew up in a loving family, but she had to move around a lot while growing up, and was homeschooled by her mother so that she and her siblings would get a head start at Hogwarts. Because of that, Sereina lived a relatively secluded life, with the only company of her older brothers, Orin, twenty, and Tyler and Kyle, seventeen, and her younger sister, Elliana; however, in spite of being a relatively shy girl, she is a caring friend and very open-minded and accepting. She's also terrible at controlling what she says, and might come off as rude sometimes. She felt devastated by her oldest brother's death during the Ministry attack, and wants to become a Healer like her mother. Her NEWTs are Transfigurations, Charms, Defence Against the Dark Arts and Herbology. Kestrel "Kes" Galloway : She is a Muggle-born Year Six student from Bristol, South West England. She is fiercely independent and a naturally curious person, whose world is ruled by