~A Tale of Florence~ She arrived in a carriage drawn by two creme painted horses, at the cusp of nightfall. The trip had been arduous, but not entirely unenjoyable. Lady Rosamund Alys Darlinge had always taken pleasure in traveling, though the distance she had come in a fortnight was admirable, even by her standards. As the carriage came to a full stop, the Lady Rosamund waited patiently for the footman to open her door. When he did, she took his offered hand and exited into the calm evening. The English countryside was a vision this time of year, as the sky seemed to glow like crystallized silver. Being near the middle of October, snow was not far off. Soon the thriving hills and dells would be covered in blankets of white and gray. With the numerous trees and cottages that dotted the land, it would be a sight lovely to behold. Rosamund was grateful she'd be able to enjoy the winter months in her homeland. After years of being abroad, she drank in the crisp air of England like a drowning woman. It had been too long since she's traversed these paths. But she was home now, and she'd savor it without a second thought. The pale lady calmly walked past the footman, thanking him softly as he began to unload her luggage, before she made her way towards the house in her view. Arkae Grove was a lovely three story manor, with large windows and arches that overlooked a quiet lake surrounded by maple and ashwood trees. The structure was at least a century old, but with the constant care it received, one would never have known of its history. Bright mixes of clear cut marble and granite could be seen easily against the darkening sky, as if the house itself was made with a touch of eternal light. It had been upwards of eight years since Rosamund had seen Arkae, and she found herself almost overwhelmed by her rising feelings of nostalgia. The longer she gazed upon it, the lighter her heart became. The reason behind her sudden return made the lady smile, but she fought down her excitement. There would be ample time to explore that elation later. For now, she would only focus on the moment. As the footman fumbled with her two large trunks, the Lady quickly made her way towards the manor, her shoes crunching on the dirt path that led to the entrance. Though before she could come anywhere near the spacious porch, the door was thrown wide, and a figure darted out of the manor to greet her. Rosamund's face split into a wide grin long before the figure- a woman with unruly black curls- tackled her in an embrace. The lady did little to quell her pleasure at the warm welcome, as her arms wrapped around the other smaller woman. The two continued to laugh and hug, before Rosamund peppered her companion with kisses. Though one was dark skinned and the other quite pale, the two women had always been equals. They had grown together and had always been the best of friends. And now they embraced contentedly, giggling like schoolgirls, as they greeted each other fully. "I should strive to visit you more often, Lyn, if I get such a lovely welcome," Rosamund teased, pulling away to look at the brown skinned woman happily. "I feel like a Queen." "You should dearest!" Lyn, the plump young woman with dark bouncy curls said with another laugh. "You're earlier than expected, otherwise I would have rolled out the red carpet and brought out a glass of wine to meet you!" "I'm glad you didn't go to the trouble," Rosamund said. "You've got enough to worry about without pampering me." "But I should be able to pamper you, when you haven't darkened my door in years, lovie!" Lyn pouted. "It's cruel to make me wait so long to see you, my cousin. Shame on you." "You have my apologies, dearest. . . But I am here now , for as long as you'll have me." Rosamund tucked her arm around Lyn's as they walked up the wide porch steps together. "You are always welcome in my home, cousin. For as long as you wish to stay." Lyn gestured with her free hand towards Arkae. "What's mine is yours. You know that." "Thank you, Lyn. I am obliged to you and your household," Rosamund said as they strolled past the entryway arm in arm. "It is so very good to be back." It was sometime later that Lyn and Rosamund settled in the parlor. Rose's trunks had been taken up to one of the guest rooms, and the carriage had rolled away into the hills. Now only the two women remained, not that Rosamund minded in the slightest. As Lyn brandished a chilled bottle of wine for Rose's pleasure, the two grew comfortable in the quaintly furnished parlor. They spoke for what seemed like hours, joking and reliving their girlhoods from so long ago. In the dancing glow of the candelabra and crackling fireplace, the ladies basked in each other's company. It had been so long since they'd been separated by life, that it was almost too good to be true. As Rosamund sipped her wine, she realized that the house was a bit quiet. Too quiet, all things considered… "Lyn?" "Hmm? What is it, Rose?" "It quite slipped my mind. . . But where's Vlad?" At the mention of her husband, Lyn's eyes grew perceptibly lighter. "Oh, he took the children out to the lake to fish one last time before the water freezes over. I'm sure they'll be back anytime now." "Out by the lake? This late?" Rosamund wondered, as Lyn nodded. "Yes, they were bundled up well for the weather, and Vlad has always been a night owl. I fear it's rubbed off on our babies as well. Bedtime is rarely honored before midnight at Arkae. Hopefully it won't offend you, dearest." "I appreciate the night, Lyn. We shall be owls together." At Lyn's relieved expression, Rose continued, "How many little ones do you have now?" "Three," Lyn replied happily, moving to refill Rose's glass of wine. "Lydia, my oldest, and then my two-year-old twins, Jack and Jareth." "I didn't know you'd had twins! What a wonderful gift that Gods have granted you." Rosamund had always loved children, and the news of her cousin having so many healthy ones made her heart incredibly light. "I am blessed, Rose, there is no denying it," agreed the plump woman, with a peaceful smile. "Between Vlad and our children, I am surrounded by love. I have never been happier. Especially now that you've returned to top off my fountain of cheer." Then with a thought, Lyn asked easily, "How goes your life, cousin? I have not heard from you in at least three years, not even in letter correspondence. I had honestly feared the worst, until I got your notice that you were coming to visit. What has happened to you? Where have you been all this time? You must tell me it all!" Rosamund's eyebrow rose with humor, as she took another sip. "Are you sure you wish to know? It is a long story." Lyn bounced in her seat, like she had as a little girl, before granting her cousin her full attention. " YESS , dearest! Tell me everything ! You know I love a good story, and when last I spoke to you, you were in the midst of great adventures!" Rosamund lowered her glass, beaming as Lyn's contagious giddiness captured her too. If Lyn wished to hear of Rose's exploits, who was she to refuse? It was a simple enough request, and one that she could easily indulge in. Seeing as she had looked forward to the opportunity since her arrival. "Alright then," Rose said thinking back. "I shall tell you about my last three years. . . Though I'm not sure you'll enjoy it." "Liar," Lyn chuckled. "Now, you must begin where we left off.… After leaving England, I recall that you found your way to Italy where you lived with our sister Aora for quite sometime. You were painting, studying the great masters, and living a life of glamour among the elite of Florence, or so your letters implied." "That's one way of putting it, I suppose," Rosamund laughed. "But it wasn't quite as glamorous as all that." "Oh, let a woman embellish won't you?" Lyn snorted with laughter, before sobering as she recalled, "Last I heard you were smitten with some man you met.. . . You must tell me more! What became of the man, and how did you meet him in the first place? What happened after your first encounter? Spill your secrets, Rose! For I will not let you be until you do." "Such curiosity! … But so be it. I shall tell you all." Rosamund Darlinge considered her words carefully before she began, slipping into a deeper cadence as she relived the past. Her last three years had been full of adventures and wonderful memories. Though she set her sights on several incidents and meetings in particular. Those unshakable memories that had followed her every step of the way, even on her journey back to England. The lady took a deep breath and began her tale. ~Three Years Ago~ Rosamund's blue eyes lifted to the high pillars above her head with an almost imperceptible sigh. Her heart ached at the beauty before her, though she had admittedly witnessed the glorious designs of the Florence Cathedral innumerable times. She had come to stay in Italy some five years ago with her younger sister Aora, though she never grew tired of the beauty of Florence and its architecture. The woman walked through the Duomo with soft footfalls, taking her time to gaze at the frescoes that lined the dome of the cathedral. Rosamund had never considered herself particularly religious, but the artistry of the sculptures and paintings was not lost on her. The details were absolutely exquisite in their singularities, and Rosamund often found time in her weekly schedule to come and wander the cathedral. It was a sunny June afternoon, and Rose had happily taken refuge within the cooled dome. Florence had been sweltering for the better part of the week, making it nearly unbearable to stay outdoors for more than a couple of minutes. So, for her health as well as her personal fashion choices, Rosamund had donned a simple day dress with a loose neckline and a breezy skirt of her own design. She had received more than her fair share of glares and disapproving glances on her way to the Duomo , but she had ignored them. Let them talk. Let them stare. It was their privilege, as it was hers to be comfortable. Rosamund now smiled as a cooled breeze from the depths of the cathedral swept past her. It was subtle enough to barely ripple her light hair, but pleasant enough where she found her body relaxing. Sweat beaded at the nape of her neck and bosom, as she stared up at the frescoes, grateful to be shielded from the unforgiving sun. It was sometime later that the Lady felt the foreign pair of eyes watching her. For a moment, she waited, before turning her light blue eyes to regard the one who was staring at her. The man, who stood several feet away to her left, was undeniably handsome. With long white-blonde hair that draped well past his mid back, and intent pale blue eyes, he was unique. He was tall of stature and boasted a lithe physique. His clothing was obviously expensive and tailored to fit him flatteringly; a suit and day coat of the most lovely shade of forest green that Rosamund had ever seen. While his gray leather shoes shone brightly in the natural light and gleam of the candles. The lady turned her