I'm moving in a few weeks (again) and have some free time before school starts up, and there are a lot of half-written stories on my computer. So don't be surprised if I post more than usual for a bit. Anyway, this story might have a second chapter, but I'm not positive yet. I tried to capture Edward's voice during this specific time, which is why there's some repetition because, well, Edward waffles a lot. Reviews are always appreciated. Enjoy! Chapter One: Leave-Taking Her blood on the air, her scent beneath my tongue. Fire and wonder and love and life. The sky and the warmth of the sun on my skin, repentance and a soul and a second chance. Everything I could ever want or need in the palm of my hand. I was thirsty, always so thirsty. My throat burned like acid and my vision swam. Her blood was just inches from my grasp. I could reach out and take it with unimaginable ease. I could live again, could have a second chance. The world at my fingertips… Her world. I didn't argue when they told me to leave, because I saw how frightened she still was. There was no comfort I could offer her. Not then. And I was terrified that she would look at me and see only hunger written on my face. So I stalked out of the house, biting my mouth hard and pretending that the pain would distract me from the scent of her blood. It had saturated the house with its cloying sweetness, was making me dizzy and nauseous with want. The night air was cool and damp, a fine mist soaking through my hair and clinging to my skin. The full moon overhead flooded the ground with bare white light, leeching the colors from the scene and turning the forest into a looming wall of darkness to my left. I hesitated, feeling Bella's presence in the house at my back. The thirst was devastating, fire searing up my throat and sending heat through my veins. The gnawing longing to just drink spreading through my mind until I could think of nothing else. I almost turned around. Stop . I shook myself as if that would dislodge the thirst and hurried into the woods, where the whole world was shadows and the warmth of the house almost seemed like a dream. Jasper leaned against a tree a few yards in, methodically snapping a branch into pieces. He looked up at me through strands of falling hair, his lips turning up slightly at the corners in an expression the furthest thing imaginable from a smile. I was unsurprised by the wine-red tint to Jasper's eyes. Of course he would have killed a human in his anger. A vagrant, somebody who would not be missed so that we were safe from the light of suspicion. Carlisle and Esme didn't mind so much as long as our family was kept intact, however much they claimed to revere human life. " Jasper's very upset with himself right now, and I doubt he'll listen to anyone but you." I always had wondered at Carlisle's idealistic view of our family. We weren't the saints he liked to think we were. Jasper was furious, but not with himself. He was angry with me. He was right to be. I'd brought a human into our home and put everyone I loved in danger. I'd broken rules and crossed lines—lines that were not to be crossed . Jasper glared at me, his red eyes dark, upper lip curled back to reveal bloodstained teeth. It was the most frightening sight some people would ever see. I'd known so much worse. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry," I breathed, trying not to look at the accusation in his eyes. My family's thoughts were already screaming in my head, all of them, furious and betrayed. And now this nameless man. How many more people were going to die because I was too selfish to let her go? Jasper sighed heavily and crouched down beside me. I hadn't realized that I was on my knees. "Guess I'm sorry, too," Jasper said grudgingly. There was nothing he hated more. "For trying to kill her and all that." His voice went cold. "But it isn't my fault, you know." I nodded, feeling the dampness of the ground seep through the fabric of my jeans. Her blood was still so close, so tempting. A stronger siren call than anything in the world. Just a taste. I knotted my fingers in the grass, as if that could possibly hold me back. "It's my fault," I agreed in a low voice. "I had no right to bring her into our home." The one place that was supposed to be a safe haven from the world, and I had waved temptation right under Jasper's nose. I owed him more than an apology. Guilt washed through me in waves until I could feel nothing else, and I knew that Jasper was amplifying the emotion. Let him. Bella would never know how close she'd come to death tonight, how near she was to never reaching nineteen. Jasper's teeth had been a millimeter from the skin of her throat by the time I had managed to shove her away, the glass shards just inches from cutting an artery and bleeding her dry, her head a bare fraction from slamming against our plaster wall with enough force to kill her. She had died in Alice's visions. Three times in three different ways and I had seen them, all of them, the memories printed in bold inside my skull. I was so sick of watching her die because of me. But what else could I possibly expect? That a human could survive in my hands, that her heart would keep beating when surrounded by people whose first instinct was to silence it forever? Because I had brought her to our house of nightmares and horrors and expected her to remain unharmed. I had been so selfish. So stupid. I could fight for her with everything I had, and it would never, ever be enough. Jasper watched me quietly, his face gone soft and warm. "You shouldn't have fallen for a human," he said. "It's messing things up for all of us." I nodded once, pulling back when his hand twitched and he thought about grasping my shoulder. The truth was slowly sinking in, a horror that I had up until then been mostly successful in pushing away, and the knowledge hurt like hell. Bella was going to die. Today or in a hundred years, what difference did it make? I couldn't stop it, I couldn't save people—and the thought made me laugh, right, as if I'd ever managed to save someone, as if I was good for anything but ending lives and fucking things up —nothing I could do would make a difference in the end. She was going to die. She would go to a place where I couldn't follow her. And what would I do then? Would the world even spin on its axis when she was gone? Because she would die, she had to—it was either watch her die or change her. The other option, the one that made me cold. Damn her to burn for all eternity. Switch her warmth for deathly cold and steal all the good from her, everything that made her who she was, leech it out to be replaced by anger and pain and thirst. It wasn't an option: it never had been. Because I loved her, and I couldn't do that to her. Because she didn't understand, and I—I didn't know how to make her. Why didn't she realize how lucky she was to be human? And here she was willing to give up her life, this thing I would kill to be granted, she was willing to throw it away like trash. I was angry with her for a brief moment. How dare she be willing to just give it up ? Because Isabella Swan had every chance that we had ever been denied, and I didn't think I could stand to see her throw it all away. So it was her choice, but wasn't it mine too? Whether I was responsible for doing that to her? The truth was that she didn't realize what she was asking for. Nobody could, not until they'd felt that first gut-wrenching horror upon looking in the mirror and seeing something dead staring back. She couldn't know what it was like. A distant part of my mind registered the change in conversation as inside, Carlisle offered to drive Bella home. I was back in the house before he'd finished the sentence. "I'll do that." They both looked up at me, Carlisle with his eyes gleaming flat gold in the lamplight, Bella's face soft and still a little stunned. She blinked at me, registering my sudden appearance. Surrounded by vampires, she might have been moving in slow motion. Her pretty blue shirt was streaked with blood, and I swallowed hard. Alice appeared in the doorway like a ghost. "I'll get you something less macabre to wear. C'mon, Bella," she said, and I wondered if Bella would hear the strain in her voice. Bella was distracted, examining her bandaged arm as Alice led her upstairs, and Carlisle's posture changed in a moment to something stiff and predatory. He was thirsty, they all were, and I might as well have been taunting them. Dangling bait beneath their noses and telling them not to drink. Saturating the whole house with the smell of her blood. His voice was tight and strained. "Get her the hell out of my house, Edward." I stared down at the floor, unwilling to meet his eyes. "On it," I said, trying hard to keep my voice calm. My throat was already bared to him and he would look for any weakness, any vulnerability to exploit. It wasn't that Carlisle didn't love us: he did, as much as was possible for our kind. But we were predators and we couldn't just push that fact aside. Couldn't just be as soft and sweet and human as we tried to pretend. Bella's heartbeat thumped from upstairs, the sound echoing off the walls, and I clung to it. A reminder that she was alive, at least for the moment. Carlisle had stitched her up. And I would take her home. She would be all right. But what Alice had seen— She had been so close. So close to dying because she was with me. There could only be so many close calls before she died and that just wasn't an option. I couldn't let this keep going on. "I love you," I told her later that night, lying next to her and taking comfort from her deep, even breaths. Her warmth and her pulse and her heartbeat, tangible proof that she was there by my side. I looked at her face, soft and watchful in the dim light, and felt as if the breath had been wrenched from my lungs. I loved her. That was the reason for everything I did. Not good enough. Because she was going to die and I was going to kill her and how could I do that to her ? Bella yawned and murmured, "Then change me." She was half-awake, her eyes slipping shut, pulse gone slow and steady as she drifted off to sleep. I loved her. I would always love her. But I looked at her and felt helpless, wanted to crush things in my hands until I'd shaped the world into one that made sense. How could she want this? Did she even realize what she was asking for? Because if I had known—I would have really died rather than become what I was. Would have cut open my wrists and bled myself dry before a drop of Carlisle Cullen's venom could reach my veins. She didn't