Ahem. So this is a story I began a very long time ago, when one of the best people in the world and I decided to do a summary trade. I think I'm far enough along now to post, and Carolina, I hope you'll accept this as an apology for falling off the face of the earth. Because look! And I've been waiting to reply until this was posted, because I wanted to finally get it up, so I shall do so now. No, I don't know what I'm doing with the chapter titles either. Enjoy! Chapter One "Bella," Edward began, watching the yellow shine of lamplight off her dark hair. "Would you like to go on a date tonight?" Ridiculous, he told himself contemptuously. He shouldn't be so nervous. It was just—she'd been refusing him on all counts recently, she didn't want to take his ring or his hand or anything he tried to give, and he could only assume that she was losing interest in the relationship. The next logical step was for her to... leave. So maybe Edward was right to be nervous after all. He traced the flower-patterned coverlet, concentrating on the slip of rough fabric beneath his fingertips instead of the tension coiling inside of him as she hesitated. Her heartbeat was the rhythm to which he'd set his world, so when it quickened, he caught his breath. "All right," Bella said finally, her voice scraping a little bit on the words. She was speaking slowly enough that Edward had to force his mind not to wander. "We could see a movie, I guess." She didn't sound all that excited. Edward shoved the thought aside. She'd said yes . It was just—he'd never liked movies. A vampire wouldn't be fooled by the best of human actors: talent was laughable against supernatural eyes that caught every facial tic and delayed reaction, the most minute of expressions and deviations in tone. The flashing lights and amplified sounds were hell on vampire senses, and spending two hours in a room filled with pulsing human blood and warmth and worse, their thoughts , was the furthest thing from fun he could imagine. But Bella had said yes, she wanted to go with him, and there could be nothing better in the world. Edward was at her side before her heart had time to beat, hugging her as tightly as her body could stand. It was that same feeling that he always got when she smiled at him, a tangle of love and relief and joy, the thought— I don't deserve this, but I'm damn well going to savor it while it lasts . He smiled against her hair and felt warm from the happiness that she'd said yes, she'd chosen him. The sunshine beamed warm golden through his closed lids and Bella's scent was fire and sweetness, lying heavy on his tongue. Edward felt dizzy with longing and love. She was so beautiful and she'd chosen him and he would do anything in the world to make it last. Edward sighed, shifted on the family room couch, and sighed again. His skin was too sensitive to be fooled into thinking the cushions were soft or the fabric smooth, and he could count the denim fibers in his jeans by feel alone. The air felt like grit in his lungs. The rest of the family had gone hunting but Edward had begged off, and from a distance of a few miles their thoughts were almost overwhelming. He saw the lush green forest over and over again through their eyes, smelled the fecund soil and damp rotting leaves, tasted fresh blood on his tongue. Instincts and longing burned molten in his chest, the desperate need to hunt. His throat burned and he closed his eyes, letting the world filter in through them. It seemed like no time at all before his siblings came clattering in, bringing a rush of laughter and energy that was only ever possible when warm blood ran through their veins. Edward rested his head against the couch back and looked upside down at them, wondering if they would seem more human from that angle. Four people done in white and gold, all smooth lines like they'd been drawn by a talented artist's hand. The scene might have been idyllic if their designer clothes hadn't been drenched in blood. Rosalie's shirt was sodden and slipping off one shoulder, her wet hair hanging in a thick golden rope down her back, and she was scowling horribly. Emmett had pushed her headfirst into a stream when her back had been turned, and her seething rage had only made him laugh. Then he'd done it again. Edward had never actually understood the union of Emmett and Rosalie. "I hate you all," Rosalie announced, sending a glare around the room. "I hate you and I'm going to kill you all." "I'm going to state the obvious and point out that we're already dead," Jasper said mildly, pushing damp hair away from his face. He leaned against the wall like he was posing there, ignoring the blood that ran down him in crimson rivulets and stained the rug. Jasper could usually get away with blaming Emmett for any property damage. Glowering, Rosalie made an effort to storm upstairs, but Emmett caught her by the elbow and smiled goofily down at her. Their minds fell into sync with alarming speed. Clean bed sheets, smooth skin, the feel of his lips against hers. Edward turned to them with eyebrows raised to derail the train of thought. "All? What'd I do?" Rosalie looked pensive. "Well, nothing," she admitted. "I just don't like you." She wore even the glint in her eyes like another piece of fine jewelry, and Edward snorted. Sometimes he wondered what would have happened if the two of them had followed Carlisle's plan and gotten together. The relationship would have ended in murder: the only question was how long they'd have been able to hold out. "At all," Rosalie added as an afterthought. Edward sat up and twisted around in his seat to better roll his eyes at her. "I don't like you either, actually." "Your eyes are black," she sniped back. "You should've come hunting with us. Idiot." "I didn't—" Jasper, who had been sending out ineffective waves of happiness and love for the last two minutes, let them fade with a sigh. "You're all hopeless," he said heavily, pushing his way upstairs. " Move , Em." Edward gave up on scowling at Rosalie in favor of sinking back into the couch with a shiver. The air was cold, and the cushions pressed to his skin were even colder, the temperature creeping through the air like a mist. Edward closed his eyes again, reaching out blindly and grabbing a pillow to shove over his face. He felt the disturbance in the air and the dip in the cushions as Alice sat beside him. "Seriously, you'd better drink something before Carlisle gets home. You know how much he hates to see us with black eyes." "I will," Edward told the pillow before Alice yanked it away with an impatient huff, bringing the world back into view. Edward stared. For a moment everything looked all wrong, lights turned into darks. Their eyes and Rosalie's swinging hair and Emmett's white pants, which he had worn against all Alice's instructions to the contrary. He blinked and the world returned to normal, though the first picture was still printed on the inside of his lids like a negative. Jasper had come downstairs to lounge against the banister, and was looking at him oddly. "You all right, Ed?" "I'm fine," Edward said quickly, his voice catching on the words. He shook his head like that would dislodge his own thoughts and turned back to Alice, who was looming over him like a thundercloud. Edward would be forever in awe of the fact that Alice, who generally ended a hunt with her clothes and the forest around her in shreds, had never once gotten a single strand of hair out of place. "You know, you smell of her so often, I've almost forgotten what your scent used to be," Alice commented, so casual, and somebody else might not have heard the razor-sharp edge in her voice. Edward sat up, frowning at the way—well, her thoughts weren't exactly pleasant. "I thought you liked Bella, Alice." Alice pressed her lips together hard. "I—do," she said slowly. "I know I'll love her someday. But I can't say she isn't trying my patience with her attraction to that mutt." "Jacob's her friend," Edward told her reflexively. "And—look, he has a name." Alice snorted. "Yeah, okay. And I suppose he calls you Edward as polite as can be?" Rosalie finally managed to make it upstairs with Emmett trailing behind disconsolately like an abandoned pet. Edward shrugged, closing his eyes again and leaning back. His head felt too heavy to hold up. The leaves outside thrummed loudly as raindrops pounded down on them, and the sound was terribly distracting. "You could look at me when I'm talking to you!" Alice snapped. And they were supposed to be less prickly once they had fed. Edward smiled, trying to look repentant. "Sorry, Alice." Her mood shifted rapidly to the other end of the spectrum as she grinned at him, eyes warm. Honestly, vampires were worse than the wolves when it came to mood swings. They were just better at hiding it. And in a family of the undead, the most peaceful atmosphere could become a bloodbath in seconds. Jasper, wincing at the lust beginning to emanate from Emmett and Rosalie's bedroom, sat heavily on the couch and snatched up the remote in one long-fingered hand. The TV took almost a full second to flicker on, and he tapped his fingers against his thigh impatiently while he waited, the remote cradled in his hand like something precious and irreplaceable. Jasper liked reality shows, though it was one of the best kept secrets of the family. Instead of leaving the room as he normally would, Edward fixed his gaze on the TV and forced himself to watch. A dull headache began to build immediately from trying to look past the pixilation to the images beneath, but Edward ignored it. He didn't—if Bella wanted to see a movie, then he wanted to really watch it with her, not just pretend. It wasn't a big deal or anything. He just didn't get the feeling they had much in common, and he wanted to. He wanted to like what she liked. When the little sky visible between thick layers of clouds had gone brilliant with sunset then faded into purple dusk, Edward found himself on the Swans' front stoop. He had been stupidly excited all day, his attention drifting constantly until four very irritated siblings had all but thrown him from the house. He held his hand poised to knock, contemplated the likelihood of punching a hole through the flimsy wood, and rang the doorbell instead. The sound hurt his ears, so Edward flinched back as if a bit of distance would help. Two heartbeats picked up on the second floor, and a fine wind smelling of fir blew hair across his eyes as he waited for the few seconds it took for them to come down the stairs. The air ruffled against his skin and he glanced up to see a lone pigeon in the sky. Its feathers were so waterlogged that each beat of its wings seemed to take an eternity. There was something very exhausting about trying to slow himself to match the world's pace, Edward thought, staring up at the individual droplets of water collected on its wings. Edward impatiently shoved the hair away with one hand, only to have it flop around, made heavy from the rain, and fall back over his eyes. He finally gave up just as Bella opened the door, dressed in jeans and