A/N: Hello all! This is an idea that sprang out of the blue one day. I had just seen the music video for "The One That Got Away" by Katy Perry. It was so random, the entire idea just popped up into my head as one large lump out of no where. I was like, "I gotta write this." So I did! It has similarities to the music video, but it's definitely not just a copy. I didn't just put the music video into words and switch the characters. This one-shot is a severe AU. Italics are memories. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games series. I only own part of the story idea, like the memories, having used the music video "The One That Got Away" sung by Katy Perry as a story reference. Which I also do not own the music video or song. ... Closing my car door, I make my way up to the lugurious mansion. It's a towering castle that is magnificent and beautiful. It's decorated extravagantly with flowers all along the yard in various spots, different colors everywhere. There is even a large weeping willow that towers off in the corner of the lot. I gaze at it, the branches swaying sadly in the breeze as the thick bark stands strong. I sigh and open the front door into my 'home'. "How was work?" Gale asks me as I head towards the stairs that lead up to the second story where our room is located. I grunt a response that sounds kind of like "muhbluh.." "Ok.." He mutters as I glare at him from my spot in front of the staircase. I stop and cross my arms as he gets up and begins collecting his belongings that are sprawled across the kitchen table. "I'm heading off to work early today." He says casually. I scoff. "Well tell Glitz that I say hi and make sure she knows how much she like totally means to me." I tell him snidely, mocking the voice of his blonde secretary. He gives me a dirty look over his shoulder as he goes to the front door. "Don't worry. I will." He quips back. I roll my eyes. To think that young women were still going after the much older man was amazing. He did have money though. I'm just beginning to climb the first step when his voice stops me in my tracks. "By the way Katniss. You could at least pretend you don't hate me." I frown and don't say anything, just make my way up the stairs without looking back. I hear him sigh as he exits the house and I go up to our room. Opening the bedroom door, it feels almost surreal. Everything is too white. The chandeleir up in the middle of the ceiling hangs delicately over the massive queen bed that is covered in a blindingly white blanket, the pillows placed perfectly at the head of the bed. The walls are also an eye aching white. It looks too perfect. I can't stand it. It makes me want to puke to add some color to it. I go over to the bathroom, noting that everything in here is also a porcelain white. Why did I ever agree to this? To live in such a rich mansion? I hate it. Standing in front of the mirror, I frown at my reflection. Since when did I get so much grey hair? How old am I anyways? Fifty? Fifty-five? I can't even remember anymore. Nothing seems to even matter at this point. 'What's the point anyways?' I wonder as I go back to my bedroom and throw my body onto the soft mattress, purposefully messing up the perfect sheets. I stare up at the ceiling, my mind wandering. What is the point? I hate this house. I'm married to someone that I don't love. Who is also cheating on me every day with his beautiful secretary. What was her name again? Glitz? Glitter? Some stupid name like that. I don't even know why we're still married. 'Because he has money.' I cringe as this crosses my mind. It's true. He's filthy rich. Having worked for the Panem military for so long, it really paid off. He's one of the top men. It also gives us a good image. Seeing as I've never been a very likeable person, and Gale is, it gave me a high status marrying him. I was able to put on a pretty good facade of being a wonderful and loving wife for him. The public loved us. It wouldn't look too great for either of us if he was revealed as a cheater and I wouldn't doubt that he would find some way to throw me under the bus with him. Both of our families were happy when we announced our engagement. His more so then mine. My family was more happy that I "finally moved on". Gale's family said, "we knew you would come around!" Having always loved the idea of me and Gale together. I sigh exasperately as I throw my arm over my eyes and memories begin to resurface. "Finnick you butt head! Give that back!" I yelled, running as fast as my little legs could carry me. He laughed at me as he ran ahead, waving the flower crown that I made above his head tauntingly. He could be a pretty big jerk, loving to tease me, his 6 year old cousin, with his friends who were around 9. I screamed more things at him as I attempted to catch him and reclaim the crown that I had worked so diligently on for so long. I was beginning to think that I should just go rat him out to his mom, who was talking with my own mom over on the park bench. I hadn't decided if I should be a tattle tale or not before I tripped over a rock that was jutting too far out of the grass. Unfortunately, I happened to trip into the side walk instead of just the grass. My right knee and palms caught my fall, but didn't fail at scraping all three areas viciously. Normally I wouldn't cry, just fume and call for my moms help when I got a cut or scrape. But this was different. The skin on my knee and palms were scraped off, revealing angry red flesh underneath for all the germs in the air to attack. Then the blood started. Everywhere. This was when I started crying. I never could stand the sight of blood. It always made me queasy. So as I fell back on my butt and sat on the pavement sobbing and blood began to run down my leg and hands, I felt like I was about to both puke and faint at the same time. I continued to sob hysterically until my mother was suddenly by my side. She was already situated beside me with her trademark first aid kit next to her. It was always nice having a nurse as a mom. I looked up and saw that Finnick's mom was currently reprimanding him as he stared at me worriedly and looked the guiltiest I had ever seen him. His friends stood behind him looking as if they wanted nothing more then to just leave the scene. I hissed in pain and more choked sobs escaped my mouth as she cleaned the wounds with alcohol. I turned away and tried to will away the pain, gritting my teeth together. And that was when I saw him. A small blonde boy who looked to be about my age was standing above me with a worried expression. He bent down and stuck out his hand, which contained one thing. A dandelion. "Here." He said sheepishly. I stared at him as if he were crazy. I didn't even know this boy. He looked down at my hands which were at the time being cleaned by my mom. He then re-met my gaze. "Make a wish." Holding it out farther, he put it up closer to my mouth so that I wouldn't have to hold it. I gave him another confused look before I began to wrack my brain for a wish. Aha! I wish that Finnick gets payback! I sucked in a lung full of air and blew it back out as hard as I could at the weed being held up to my face. I did it! I looked up happily at the boy, since I had never been able to blow out all of the feathery things on a dandelion before. He smiled back toothily at me. I noticed he was missing a front tooth. "What did you wish for?" He asked curiously. I rolled my eyes before looking back at him and smiled. "Well it won't come true if I tell you, duh!" I teased. He feigned a pouty face and I just stuck my tongue out at him. It was at this time that I noticed my mom was done with my bandages. Wow! I hadn't even realized that she was done with it already. She was watching the interaction between me and the boy. I turned back to him and cocked my head. "Why did you bring me a dandelion anyways?" I asked. He grinned and shrugged his shoulders. "It got your mind off of the pain." I smile at the memory of my first meeting with the boy that ended up stealing my heart. He was the only one who had ever succeeded in melting my cold exterior. He was always so sweet to me, even when I could be so rude and angry, at anything and everything. He was always there for me. And I was for him. We were always watching out for each other. We were practically inseperable ever since that first meeting. "Katniss and Peeta sittin' in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G!" I glared down at the fools below me. Cato, Clove, and Marvel were all situated underneath the tree that Peeta and I usually hung out in after school at the local park. "You know, the weather is pretty nice up here. You should come on up." I offered sarcastically, snapping off a nearby twig and aiming it at Cato's head. He just side stepped my good aim and scowled at me. "Maybe you and Clove can do up here what I saw you guys doing behind the library the other day." Clove's face turned red with either embarassment or anger. Or maybe both. Cato just laughed. "Well what you saw us doing is more then you'll ever get!" He smirked cockily at this. "Is that so?" I asked, picking my finger nails, not in the least bit phased by his attempt of offending me. "Yeah, I mean look at you! You're just skin and bones!" Clove said haughtily. Oh no. She took the wrong route. "What? Your poor mother can't even feed you? Maybe your dad shouldn't have gone and gotten himself blown up!" Cato added nastily, noticing my surfacing anger. I nearly slipped out of the hook in the tree I was nestled in by the overwhelming rage that was beginning to spread through every limb and cell in my body. Peeta thankfully caught me by my arm, but this didn't stop me from attempting to climb down the tree. He ended up pushing me back into my original spot and climbed down the tree himself. It wasn't a far fall, it was just one of those falls that could get your feet stinging if you jumped straight down. "Oooo! The Bread Boy! I'm so scared!" Cato yelped in an overdramatic voice, that I assumed was supposed to sound like a girl. I thought he just sounded like a dog in pain. "Why don't you guys just get on out of here." Peeta said calmly as he walked up to the towering ninth grader. He may have been just one