Note to readers: Hey guys and gals I'm here to give you the low down on book 3. It is a work in progress my goal is to upload everything I have than continue uploading once a week (Wednesdays for now) and go from there. NOTE this is not a Re-mastered this is hugely unfinished and a massive work in progress. So with that being said anyone who's been around before John and I posted the re-mastered editions of Book 1 and 2; Grammar will be updated. Enjoy. -John and Eric (Brains/Co-writer and Writer) Demititan Saga Book 3: The Blade of Ruin Chapter List: To be made upon completion Chapter 1: Sons and Daughters "When you have fought for so long what will you do in death? Your soul will never rest it will never meet peace. You and I are alike in one thing Kat we are Warriors meant to end the gods. In our blood runs vengeance and our souls will never stray from the path of destruction." Havoc looked upon the beaten Kat her sword chipped to nothing but a stub and Arma cleaved nearly in half, he looked at her with distant amusement. The daughter of Enyo's eyes were broken their dark irises shattered. Kat had three spears on her all willing to take on her curse just like the others and a god killer to boot. Havoc looked up to the rafters of the old temple. He had changed Kat thought. Havoc's hair was unnaturally black his cheek bones sharp and angular and his eyes glowed yellow like a beast. In the past two months Havoc had toned down to a lean all muscle demon. Havoc smiled at Kat looking him over. "Like what you see Kat? This such a rare sight you looking upon me much less a man with such awe. The look of one who has killed all of the Olympians and Titans, does it appeal to your cursed pallet? You should be grateful that you will fall to my blade Katelyn my Sister cursed to Wander and to kill those who pass her." "Bite me Havoc!" Kat snarled pounding Arma against the ground which glowed faintly and gave off a low hum... It wouldn't be enough to end any of her advisories but it was a sign of defiance. She could die knowing she was telling Havoc to piss off. In that moment three spears slid into her chest with painful ease. "Burn in the Fields of Torture!" In that moment all three spear holders exploded into puddles of blood and various meat chunks. "Oh only if I were to be that blessed." Havoc laughed pulling Fallen from the sheath across his back. The blade burned black with twelve silver stars that ran down the blade at each side. One for each Olympian and Titan, Kat grimaced. The blade seemed to suck the light out of the air around it. "Any last words, Kat?" "Look alive Soldier!" Kat snarled lurching forward with a blood curdling war cry she brought around Arma which began to hum and glow with a brilliant crimson sheen. "You always did expect an easy fight!" "I would have chosen better dying words." Havoc sighed moving with inhuman speed he ran both Arma and Kat through. Kat coughed up blood looking down at the blade which ran through her heart. The Daughter of Enyo gasped as she crumbled to dust still waiting for her curse to finish Havoc... it never did "You will pass on as a hero, Katelyn that much is certain... But you have died with your secrets intact... and with the Prophecy unfulfilled... All thanks to the blood of Prometheus." ... Yin awoke from his nightmare taking in a deep breath before he let out a sigh as he lay in his cot next to the sleeping Alanna. She looked so peaceful with her features soft with even breaths of sleep. Her golden hair seemed like a halo of Hyperion's Golden flames. Yin watched as her eyes moved beneath her eye lids in a dream he could tell it wasn't a nightmare by her relaxed and even breaths. Yin pulled her close careful not to wake her as he let her warm his chilled body. Ever since the turn of events dubbed The Battle of New Bonds and nearly dying for the fiftieth time Yin had been cursed by nightmares. He didn't even know Havoc much less Katelyn Scott that well or even why Havoc had betrayed the demititans. Much less did Yin know what Havoc meant by mentioning his Father's blood. But the nightmares still plagued Yin. The nightmare was always the same; Katelyn would be on her knees with three spearmen at her and Havoc. It always ended the same way with Kat being reduced to dust and Havoc saying he had died with his secrets intact and the Prophecy unfulfilled. Yin thought for a moment about what secrets She held; for one he had no idea all he knew about Kat was that she was cursed after killing someone, turned her back on the gods, was probably the best fighter he had ever seen and could command an army just by calling them Soldier. No, Yin was certain that the secret Havoc spoke of didn't have to do with Common knowledge about Katelyn. Yin sighed as his rational side took over and he noted that it was just a dream. Unlike demigods, demititans did not have crazy visions about the future or anything like that . . . well at least Yin knew of only a few cases of recent events that they have, had visions like that. Alanna let out a yawn as she stretched her arms and found Yin beside her deep in thought. Alanna could always tell when Yin was lost in his endless mind by the distant look in his eyes. She wrapped her arms around him finding Yin to be nice and warm. He looked at her with an equally warm smile. Alanna could tell he had a nightmare again. She placed her hand on Yin's chest feeling his calming heartbeat. Alanna flinched as a massive horn was blown meaning it was time for breakfast. … Kat Lay in her cot unable to sleep as she pondered the meaning of her Cursed life. The twenty seven year old appeared only eighteen. She was built well with a good bone structure and decent center of gravity for her height. By all acounts she looked like the perfect soldier with an aire of authority she could never shake. Despite Kat's soldier like build her features were soft and for the first time in a long time relaxed yet clearly taxed. Her dark eyes inspected the olive green tent above her with ease and her rosy lips were defined yet at ease. The Demigod thought back to her most recent battle remembering as three fatal wounds were landed on her only for the attacker to explode and her wounds heal nearly instantly. "You know you could wear armor." Thea said after finishing her pushups to her friend and superior. Thea added one more thing before Kat could respond. "Just saying if you are going to mop around about getting sudo killed you could easily fix it." "Thanks for the input, but armor and I don't get along very well. Besides..." Kat said in a bored tone as she sat up from her cot to address Thea who was doing bicycle curl ups "I'm not mopping Soldier." "Then what is this?" Thea asked her voice riddled with curiosity as she glanced at Kat noticing her to look drained almost ill. "My soul's way to remind me that I lived is because I'm cursed." Kat said looking at her exposed right forearm which bore the Mark of the Wanderer or as most knew it, the Mark of Caine. The mark was harsh and angular and screamed danger almost like a bio-hazard symbol though more ancient, and readable by all. Even when covered the thing would glow through her sleeve. "Either way I'm famished want to get some grub, Soldier?" "I have to finish my work out I'll meet you there." Thea said as Kat Nodded in agreement as she pulled on her fur lined hoodie, scar and strapped on her Ancient Gold sword to her studded black belt which hung at her hips. The soldier walked from the tent feeling infinitely more drained the second she saw the line for grub... she had a feeling it would be a long day. … The two got ready in silence helping each other get dressed and find their weapons. Alanna's Backbiter had been reforged to be a coin when it was not being used. Yin's Neck Lacer was a Simple golden money clip with a skull and crossed swords pressed into the front. Both weapons were wicked deadly and both were even deadlier when both Yin and Alanna fought together. The two made way for the opening of their tent holding each other's hand as they walked towards the massive makeshift dinning tent. Both demigods and demititans had taken up residence in Titans Roost since the treaty had been forged against the will of Zeus and many other Olympians. "Hey love birds." Percy's voice called from behind Yin and Alanna they turned smiling as Percy and Annabeth walked up to them. Neither Alanna nor Annabeth made eye contact as the four walked together. "So how did you guys build this place?" Annabeth spoke up looking up at the high vaulted stone roof of the mountain. In the short while that Annabeth had been here Yin could see she was a huge fan of Architecture. "I mean to hollow out a mountain... That must have taken a long time." "Legend has it that when the Russians still owned Alaska they found this place and found a tablet with a prayer to Rhea. It said that once the prayer would be said this would be a sanctuary to both demigod and demititan whoever first arrived." Alanna answered softly knowing the lore from Yin. "It was said that Rhea believed that if both gods and titans couldn't live in harmony their children wouldn't either. So she made this place so that one day both the titans and gods could learn from their children." "You know I tried making a deal with the Olympians so that you guys wouldn't be blamed for your parents' actions." Percy blurted out cursing how he sounded but both Alanna and Yin looked curious. "We've tried sending convoys to Olympus in the past to talk peacefully but it didn't end well..." Yin said with an awkward smile. "Both sides have a lot to work out. Thousands of years of aggression doesn't just die in a few months. To be honest the fact that we haven't tried killing each other so far is pretty good." "I think a lot of our demigods are just in shell shock from being saved by a Titan." Annabeth said shaking her head she was having a hard time accepting that the demititans were good people. But after they allowed them to stay in their home to regroup and recover Annabeth could see goodness in them. She shook her head as they came up to the massive dining tent. There were already a lot of demigod and titans sitting at various tables and conversing about numerous topics. Others were serving or cooking food at a makeshift kitchen. "After we eat there is a meeting with the Romans that Landon, Kat, Maxwell and Thea will attend." Yin said as the four got into line for food. "They want to meet on their grounds so Dianna is going to warp them in-" "Yin we need to talk to your guys." Percy said grabbing Yin's shoulder keeping his voice low as he continued. "The Roman's aren't just going to let old enemies waltz into their camp-" "We don't intend to waltz." Thea's