"I don't need your help, Mudblood!" The words kept running through Severus' head. After Lily had stomped off, after the damned Marauders had let him go, he had scrambled for his wand and hidden himself away in an empty classroom, pacing. He had been Lily's friend since they were seven, and he knew the signs: Lily would not forgive him unless he did something... drastic. Changed. This was impossible - if he started defending mud bloods, the Slytherins would give him Dreamless Sleep potion, slit his wrists and leave him in a public corridor. It had happened before. Lily didn't believe him. So, there were two problems: a) He needed to show Lily that he had no choice, and b) he needed to show her that he was 'good'. Which meant... Why not say he was spying? He could convince her that he had to get them to trust him, that he was trying to protect her... He couldn't convince her with words, he knew that. So... showing her his memories? His full memories? All the deepest moments of his private self? ... Yes. Lily was worth it... so long as he got to see her memories, too. Now that would be worth it. They'd know the most intimate thoughts of each other - and because of that, because no one else shared what they did, it would mean that Severus was the closest one to her. Severus Snape blinked. Had he just decided to give up all of his weaknesses for a chance that a girl might stay his friend? Yes. He had. (Clearly he was insane, to give up his history, all his private moments of weakness, to someone). Well, if it was like that... perhaps it was time to really think about his future. Severus closed his eyes, relaxing and settling his emotions. He had precisely two loyalties: The Dark Lord, and... Lily. When the Dark Lord was mentioned, when Dark Magic was mentioned, he felt wildly powerful, full of... euphoria. It was addictive. He had done his first bit of Dark Magic at eight, accidentally, snapping his father's arm bone when the man raised a belt against his mother. The power was... exhilarating. As if nothing could hurt him. It reminded him of Muggle Drugs that his father sometimes took... that he had tried, once, but forced himself to stop. ... wait a minute. It reminded him of DRUGS? He was describing it as addictive - oh, shit, and Severus suddenly stumbled to his knees, gasping for air. What was he doing? He had sworn that he would never be like his father, and here he was, taking magical drugs, and - and hurting people, god, he was sick . Right. The Dark Lord was clearly not an option, so Lily was... everything. Why didn't he see it before? He felt... happy with Lily. Unburdened. He laughed , for Merlin's sake, he laughed when he was with Lily. (He thought he might love her). (That thought was shoved away, burned, de-boned, castrated, gutted, carved up, mutilated and killed. Severus was fifteen - he wasn't going to embarrass himself with thoughts of love .) Anyway. What was he going to tell Lily...? Ah. He had an idea... But first. First, he had to make himself look the part. He needed to look beautiful, and pitiful, begging for her help, but not an insect. (Manipulation was easily learned when watching a Slytherin third year put on Hufflepuff robes and charm her way into... ah... something he really didn't need to know the details of.) At any rate - Severus took a full shower, complete with shampoo... a lot of it. And no conditioner - the slightest drop made his hair greasy, if easy to detangle. Then, he began to do what most of the population had done in their third year. Carefully, he placed charms on his teeth, so that they'd be pearly within two hours, and perfectly straight besides. It'd be painful, but permanent. (Mostly - he'd have to either brush his teeth or reapply the cleaning charm). Then... he hesitated, but carefully positioned his hair so it looked like a hastily done loose ponytail. Something that would give the impression he didn't care and did the first thing that came to mind... but also kept the hair away from his face. It made his nose seem slightly smaller, and his skin look less pale. There. Now... wide, frightened eyes, panting slightly - that would come easily, as he would run to the Gryffindor common room - sleeves rolled up, he looked more childish, more innocent. Yes. Perfect. Now... he had wanted to show Lily all his memories, yes? No need for her to see him getting ready, and he had been practicing Occlumency for a while now, so he quickly took the memory and changed it into furious pacing, muttering about plans, keeping people safe, damn Dark Lords, and let Lily be safe, please, Merlin. Severus knew exactly what to do. With a quick review of his plan, he ran as quickly as possible to the Gryffindor common room, skidding to a halt in front of the Fat Lady and begging, pleading - cry, quickly, yes, that's it! - for Lily to be let out. "No, of course not, you're not from Gryffindor - are you crying, young man?" "N-no, please, is she safe, I need to talk to her, please, -" Someone was coming. Severus sank to his knees, pleading to know if Lily was safe, please, lady, had the Slytherins taken the hint and left her alone? Is she all right? Can I speak to her, please, she has to know to stay away, I can't protect the muggleborns much longer, please, "Sev?" Lily stood at the edge of the Hallway, blinking at her friend. She had been coming to her common room when she heard his voice, and she went to give the boy a piece of her mind - saying 'mud blood', honestly! - when she froze at the sight of him kneeling. And crying. As far as her memory went, Severus Snape never showed weakness. As she listened, blinking as he begged the Fat Lady to verify that she was safe (?), inside, hale and hearty... and then... 'she has to know to stay away', what did that mean?, and I can't protect the Muggleborns much longer? Honestly? He was the one hunting them! "protect them", as if who did the bastard think he was - Except he was crying. When she spoke his name, she didn't know what she was expecting, but the way his face lit up with relief as he stumbled to his feet, relief and fear and pain warring on his face as he neared her, checking her for injuries, it told her... a lot. (Lily closed away the thought before it could materialize. Sev was her friend. Loving her was not in the cards). He hugged her, sobbing into her hair as he told her he couldn't do it. "Sev - what happened, sh..." and here she was, angry not a minute before. Opening the nearest empty room, she pushed her friend into it before closing the door. They sat on the front desk together, as Sev began, sobbing, to unload... and Lily found she couldn't be angry with him. Ever. "It... began in first year, in Slytherin, Merlin, anyone consorting with a muggleborn would have to... to hurt them by third year, I had to tell them I was using you for grades or they, they said they would... they-" He was inconsolable for a while. (Everything he said was true, verifiable in his memories. But viewing someone's memories did give you the associated emotion, so he could pretend to have been terrified immediately, terrified during the entire time he had ever hurt anyone). "God, Lily, the hunts... Dark magic is like a drug, Lily, I've had it in me since I was eight, broke an arm, I can't get it out, I'm sick, wrong, and - god, the hunts. They had me invent spells to hurt Muggleborns... I tried, I tried to protect them... Sectumsempra, it cuts everywhere in the torso... but shallowly, Lily, so much blood and pain, but no scars, and very little chance of death, I made it look bad, but Lily, I tried to stop it..." Severus pushed away the thought that it was partially true, trying to convince himself that he was just manipulating Lily. To do that, he gave himself a goal: Hhm... How to make Potter more despicable to Lily? "They wanted to kill Potter for hurting the Slytherin firsties, Lily, his gang hurts eleven-year-olds , and the children go to people like Malfoy to protection, and Potter's gang don't even realize what they do! I... I made myself a target, Lily, I couldn't let them hurt those kids, so I said things like Mudblood... they couldn't hurt the kids when they were hurting me..." When she was viewing memories she couldn't view his thoughts. He had not been thinking that when he called some chit 'mud blood' in front of Potter's gang. But... to keep Lily, he would start. God, for Lily, he'd be the martyr he was pretending to be. "I thought, maybe, if I was enthusiastic, they would trust me and I could be a spy, passing information, but there's no information, no nothing, just hurt that person and that person and that person and I hate them! " "I had to call you Mudblood because they would hurt you... d'you know, there was... I had a friend there, there was a boy, third year when we were first..." This next part was all true. "His name was Jared, Jared Fendockit, and he had a friend - Hufflepuff, muggleborn, he defending the boy in the common room - Gods, Lily, they dosed him with Dreamless Sleep, slit his wrists and left him in a corridor as an example!" And then Severus was sobbing. That wasn't part of the plan. The plan was to 'calm down' now, to get Lily to be his friend... But he was sobbing, memories of Jared giving him winks and helping him chop flobberworms and yelling about Transfiguration and what if his puff friend didn't like the gift he gave him? And what if the others found that he was giving gifts to a male muggleborn puff ? Severus dimly noted he had never actually mourned Jared. Jared had dark brown hair and grey eyes. His smile was either wide and quick and false, or small and gentle - small upturn of the lips - that was herd to earn and meant everything. Jared wasn't lanky, but he was thin. Jared was the second person who had treated him like a person. The first... with red hair and green eyes... was sitting next to him, holding him and whispering that he wasn't alone. Severus held on to that thought. He wasn't alone. It took quiet a while until he stopped crying, and when he was done, he felt... oddly light. Better. Of course, being with Lily fixed everything. That was why he chose her. "Alright, Sev, I forgive you. But... there's a war brewing. Are you going to be a spy during the war? Or are you going to fight openly?" "Lily, I..." Severus swallowed. He couldn't stop hanging out with the Slytherins; they'd kill him, but he needed an excuse to do so, and Lily gave him one. "I think I need to be a spy. Because there's no one else. Dumbledore needs to be able to get information somehow , and I can do it. Besides, maybe I can slip one or two of them Insanity Elixirs and see how much they mess up the Dark Lord's army... I can fight from the inside." "Of course... but Sev, I don't feel comfortable sending you back there. How about this: You can tell them you spent the entire night