A/N: If you want to help me, if you have any complains, questions, suggestions or if you just want to talk, message me. I'll reply. :D Enjoy! :) Chapter 1 – A Wretched Choice Annabeth's POV It felt good to finally take some time off from work. I have to say that this vacation that my friends have been planning for probably a year now was well deserved. Other than my workaholic tendencies, which was, uhm well, all the time, another reason for this vacation to be moved repeatedly is that our schedules never seem to coordinate with one another. Once everyone would be set for the vacation, one would have something suddenly come up. For example, Silena would have a fashion week to cover and write about, Thalia would be urgently sent off to somewhere to take photos for the magazine, Katie would be running over to the publishing house on last minute because the publisher wanted to get the manuscript a couple weeks earlier than the deadline, or I would be flown to a country to cover or report a protest or some event. Although one thing I can't understand is that there were a couple of times when we all already simultaneously filed for a leave and the vacation still would be cancelled. As if there was another person who was part of the planned vacation. Or perhaps, I'm just over-thinking things. It was a night before our flight and right now, I was bracing myself and expecting a call from one of my friends, calling off the trip. I, for one, already had my bag packed. It should have been filled with thick clothes that are suited for really cold weather: gloves, beanies, a spare coat, scarves, sweaters, and the like. Since our vacation was rescheduled repeatedly, I had to pack clothes that were fit for summer. I looked at the view that my huge window offered me. The busy streets of Times Square were just bustling with cars, cabs, and people. All of which looked minute from the floor I was on. The light coming from the LED lights was something that always made me smile and grateful that I actually bought this loft just beside the famous tourist spot. The sound from the whistling kettle caused me to look away from the scene and scurry towards the kitchen. I filled my mug with hot water and poured the remaining into a thermos. I watched the tea bag float to the surface and change the water's color to brown. I carried my mug and padded barefoot from the kitchen, through the living room, and to my office. The window from my office offered a similar view. I placed my mug down on a coaster on my work table and sat down. My office was neat and orderly due to the time allowance I allotted to cleaning it. The room had some file cabinets, numerous bookcases and book shelves, and a couple boxes, which were stacked neatly. My work table was situated on the corner of the room. It faced the wall and to its side was one huge floor length glass window that allowed me to look at Times Square. There were numerous picture frames that were hung and held pictures of the places I have been to due to my profession. One of the picture frames held my first ever news article written and published as a CNN correspondent. Yup, that is my job. I always get sent to different countries to cover, report, or write about the latest happenings there. To be a CNN correspondent is one of my dreams and I couldn't be happier with my current job. Name a country and perhaps I have been there already. I've even reached Iraq! Was it weird to see my name as the author of a news article posted on the website of CNN? No. How about seeing my face on the television, reporting in the studio or out on the streets? Yeah, it was weird at first but I got used to it. The first time I saw my face on the morning news on the CNN channel, I almost choked on my coffee and a couple minutes later, some friends of mine started phoning in and telling me that they saw me on the television. It's overwhelming but soon enough, I got used to it. Now, the boxes, book shelves, bookcases, and file cabinets in my office all contained researches, recordings, and other sources for my reports and articles. My friends work in media as well. Thalia Grace works as a photographer in National Geographic and she usually gets sent to different places, sometimes to extreme places, to get photographs that will be printed on National Geographic magazines. A large number of her photographs were even compiled on National Geographic's huge book of pictures. She even has a short commercial on the National Geographic channel where she talked about her job as the company's photographer. The commercial would then be aired a couple times a day. Silena Beauregard is a freelance writer for fashion magazines. She was naturally inclined to fashion because her mother was already in that sector of work. Her mother was a model, who then started her own fashion line and perfume collection. When Silena was younger, she was in fashion shows alongside her mother and she was even her mother's model in all her fashion shows. Until today, she occasionally still modeled for her mom and with her mom. Although being on the catwalk was second on her list. She preferred writing about fashion. Silena started writing for Seventeen and her scope just got bigger and bigger. She has written for a lot of top fashion magazines and she already made a name for herself. You can actually read her articles on Cosmopolitan, Marie Claire, Elle, Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, InStyle, Glamour, Lucky, Allure, W, and more. She was even a judge on Project Runaway with Heidi Klum and Nina Garcia. Katie Gardner always had her name on the daily newspaper. She wrote for New York Times' travel section. Honestly, her job is one of the best jobs in the world, according to me. You get sent to different countries, do whatever you want, have fun, and write about the place. You actually get paid to have a vacation in the world's awesome vacation spots. Katie has already visited just as much countries I went to. She was always the one who planned our getaways. She would make us go to the places she has been to because she already knew the place from where to stay, what to do, and what to eat. It's just one of the perks of having a travel writer as your friend. Katie is also an aspiring author. She already has a manuscript containing a couple chapters. Just a couple more chapters and she'd be done with the manuscript of her first book. Although the publishing house that already considered publishing her book constantly asks her for updates and drafts for comments to refine the book. Another perk of being paid to visit different countries is that she gets to incorporate her experiences in her book. How did we meet you ask? Well, we met in college when we all had the same writing class under Mr. Brunner. I could still remember those days when we were in one classroom. Chiron, Mr. Brunner's alternative name, was a middle-aged man with thinning brown hair and bushy eyebrows. He had intense brown eyes which would look even more intense, if possible, whenever he would check and read our papers. Chiron was on a wheelchair and he would sometimes have someone to accompany him, which was why Dionysus was sometimes in the class as well. Dionysus was Chiron's student assistant. Dionysus had a red nose and a chubby face, which was topped with curly black hair. He usually went to class with bloodshot eyes, most probably because of the alcohol he drank the night earlier, and always had a can of Diet Coke in his hand. He wore his signature Hawaiian shirts with tiger or leopard prints and purple running shoes. Dionysus never ever got our names right. Annabelle Chasm. Telia Grey. Celine Bureau. Kasey Gardenia. The list would go on and we never found out if he really did that on purpose or not. To be honest, I think that he does it on purpose cause the exemption to the wrong name calling were always Pollux and Castor. I sipped my hot tea and looked at the screen of my laptop. I refreshed the homepage of the CNN website and saw my article on the top of the latest news section. Well, that's the last article before I am officially on leave. It was about Ukraine. I was about to close the web browser when I suddenly got a message. I smiled when I read Malcolm's message. Great article, Annabeth. Good job! He wrote. Thanks, Malcolm! It feels good to finally turn in that article. It's also good to know that Petro Poroshenko has extended a week-long ceasefire with pro-Russian separatists in the east for another three days. Perhaps peace is just arms reach. Well, hopefully. How are the Sunnis, Shias, and Kurds? I replied. Same old, same old. Baghdad's really getting beaten up. U.S. though started to send armed drones there. So I heard. I don't know how to feel about it. Ditto. Have you heard about the search for the MH370? Yeah, new search area: southern Indian Ocean. They say that the search would take twelve months at most although they're still starting on August. Any news on the abducted Nigerian school girls? Nada. Are you updated with the FIFA? I asked. Not really. All I know is that one of Uruguay's player bit a Italian player. Yeah, Luis Suarez bit Giorgio Chiellini. Suarez is banned from all football-related activity for four months, suspended for Uruguay's next nine internationals, and was fined 100,000 Swiss francs. It was his third time to bite a person in a football match. Oscar Tabarez, Uruguay's coach, is going to quit FIFA in protest. Even Chiellina agreed that it was too much. I informed him. Whoa. Thanks for the information. Do you know the remaining teams? Ask Don Riddell. Gods, Annabeth, for all I know you're interested in FIFA so much cause you're interested in Don as well. I know those moves, Annabeth. He teased. I rolled my eyes but smiled. I thought for a remark. I laughed maniacally and typed quickly. How about you? How's it going with trying to get closer with Christiane Amanpour? Did you sweat bullets when she asked how your day was or how you were? He replied after a while. ...that was good. Okay, we're even. I sipped my tea again before typing. Now if you teased me to Anthony Bourdain, I wouldn't bother trying to deny anything and maybe I'd even tell you to go on. Same. I was about to type a tease saying, "Well, who knew we had the same taste in men," but Malcolm immediately corrected himself. I mean, I'd do the same if you teased me to Katie Linendoll. He restated himself. I cocked my head to the side, pictured the girl Malcolm was pertaining to, and replied. Yeah, she knows her gadgets alright. She's also such a natural in front of the camera with her bubbly personality. I like how she prefers wearing her glasses in front of the camera instead of hiding it. Malcolm chimed in. And I have to say, she is good looking. She looks adorable. I've worked with her a couple of times already. You do know that she does her regular tech segments on CNN Newsroom, right? Yeah. I smiled and teased him. I bet you're trying to get a promotion as the CNN Newsroom news anchor. What? No. (Maybe). He replied, making me laugh. I should mention you to her