A/N: If you want to help me, if you have any complains, questions, suggestions or if you just want to talk, message me. I'll reply. :D Enjoy! :) Chapter 1 – Memories of You Annabeth's POV "Percy and Annabeth, both of you go in the closet." Silena instructed. "And we have to stay there for seven minutes?" Percy asked her. "Yeah, that's why it's called, 'Seven Minutes in Heaven'." "And we have to do what exactly?" I asked. "Oh, I don't know, maybe get your first kiss?" Silena teased. Percy and I got pushed into the closet and were surrounded by darkness. I searched the small dark room for Percy and once I touched his hand, both of us just sank down to the floor. "So you hadn't had your first kiss?" He spoke softly but enough for me to hear. He put his arm on my shoulders which was rather normal for the both of us. "Oh, you hadn't had yours too." "What makes you so sure?" "If you did then you would tell me because that's how we are." So here I am, sitting on the floor of Silena's closet with Percy. Percy is my best friend. We were best friends ever since we were kids. When I first met Percy, I instantly had a crush on him. We became best friends quickly and as years passed by, the feelings I had for him faded away. Why? Because Percy would never like me and I will never be like those girls who are perfect for him. I saw Percy as a bother, as someone I will never have feelings for, and as a best friend. "You know what? Let's get this over with." Percy said in the dark. "What do you mea-" He didn't give me enough time to finish my question. His lips were on mine, he was kissing me, and I was kissing him back. When we stopped a couple minutes later, I bit my lip and looked away. I felt his hand softly touch my face and made me look back. "That was a great first kiss I say." I could hear the smile in his voice. I slowly nodded, still kind of dizzy and overwhelmed with what just happened. I just had my first kiss with my best friend, who I swore to never have feelings for. But the kiss felt so good and so right. No, these feelings are not to be tolerated. "What was that for?" I asked coolly. Because I wanted to kiss you . I wanted him to say but instead he said, "To get it out of the way." "What?" "To get the first kiss out of the way. So we don't have to worry about who our first kiss will be." "Good point." I said, leaned back against the wall, and Percy put his arm on my shoulders again. Percy spoke up a few minutes later, "How about you put you lips like this…?" He trailed off. I blushed at the thought of kissing him again. We kissed again and it felt right and good. After that, we kept our lips to ourselves but we kept talking. "Seven minutes are up. Come out guys…but you could stay if you want." Silena laughed. We waited a couple seconds before leaving the closet. Percy stood up, I held my hands out, he helped me up, and walked back to the group. We sat down on the floor, facing each other. He was giving me a smile as if we had a secret. I felt fuzzy and warm inside. Oh no. No. No. No. I must not have feelings for Percy. I swore to myself! And I knew that if I would have feelings for him, I would end up being hurt because he will never feel the same. One. Two. Three. Feelings, be gone! xxxxx "Annabeth, you have got to help me!" Percy pleaded as he rushed over to my locker. "Why? What's wrong?" "You're friends with Rachel, right?" I gave him a straight face, "Yeah, why?" "How do you suggest I ask her out?" He smiled at me. I pursed my lips and thought of a way for my best friend to ask one of my friends out. "I say that you just ask her. She's the kind of girl who is straight forward." "So, I just say it straight?" Percy was doubtful. "Who's the friend here?" I smiled at him. "Okay. Okay. I'll ask her today." "Good luck." "Maybe I shouldn't ask her today. Not today. Maybe tomorrow." He said as he leaned on the locker beside mine. "No, you do it today. Today. Go. Now! Before the bell rings." I encouraged him and pushed him away. "Okay. Okay. I'm going." He said as he started walking away from me. "Good luck!" I called after him. I smiled to myself because I was happy for Percy. I was happy because he was happy. I closed my locker and walked to my next class. Later that day, Percy was waiting for me by my locker. "Hey." I smiled at him and opened my locker to fix my things. "Hey." He smiled back at me. I got my books, stuffed them in my bag, and wore my coat and scarf. We walked towards the exit. Percy put his arm on my shoulders. "So, how did it go?" I asked him. "She said yes." He said casually. I looked at him and then smiled widely at him, "That's great! I'm so happy for you. Where are you going to take her?" "I really don't know. That was what I wanted to talk to you about." We went to my house, did our homework, ate dinner, and talked and planned his first date. I'm being a supportive friend here, right? xxxxx I was at the mall, in a bookstore to be precise, looking through the bookshelves for good books to read. I was supposed to wait for Percy in front of Burger King but I knew if I wasn't there, he'd immediately go to Barnes and Nobles to look for me. I saw a baby pink book that had the words, "Something Borrowed," on it's spine. I got the book and read the synopsis at the back of it. I was reading it half-way when somebody covered my eyes. "I know you would be here." The person whispered in my ear. I held the book in one hand, removed the hands covering my eyes, and said, "Hey, Percy." "So what do you have there?" He said, eyeing the book that I was holding. "Just another book that caught my attention." I said as I put the book back. "I can buy it for you if you want." "No, it's fine. C'mon, let's look for that gift for your girlfriend." I said as I pulled him away from the bookshelves. "Okay, okay." He said and then put his arm on my shoulders. We went around the mall, looking for the perfect gift for Rachel. They were celebrating their two year anniversary in a couple of days. Percy says that he wants me to tag along. We went to jewelry stores, art shops, and boutiques but Percy wouldn't budge. Now, we were at a toy store looking for none other than, a teddy bear. "You have been with Rachel for two years and you want to give her a teddy bear? Really, Percy?" I said as he looked at different teddy bears. "This teddy bear will be special." He smiled at me. "May I help you, sir?" A staff went near us. "Do you have teddy bears with recording machine built in?" "Yes, we do. Please follow me." We followed the staff and then Percy looked at the different bears that the staff showed. He ended up buying a blue bear. "Is this a gift for your girlfriend?" The cashier asked Percy as she got the bear. "Yeah, it is." He smiled at the cashier. "Your girlfriend will love it." "Oh, you know my girlfriend?" He was surprised. "Isn't she your girlfriend?" The cashier pointed at me. "Oh, no, she's not my girlfriend." Percy said then put his arm on my shoulders, "She's my best friend." "Well, both of you would look cute together." She smiled at us, making me blush. After we bought the toy, we left the mall. Percy brought his stepfather's car and I wanted to practice driving so I offered to drive the car and luckily he said yes. I was focusing on the road when Percy said something that almost made me swerve the car. "I love you." "Excuse me?" I felt myself blush as I tightened my grip on the steering wheel and my eyes widened. "I was recording it so when Rachel plays it, she can hear me and know that I loved her." He explained to me. I loosened my grip on the wheel, let out the breath I was holding, and smiled to myself as Percy kept saying, "I love you," over and over again because he said that he just couldn't get it right. xxxxx I rushed back to my dorm and turned on my laptop so it could warm up as I changed my clothes. Once that my clothes were changed, I sat in front of the laptop and logged in to Skype. The moment I was logged in, a window popped up, I agreed and a few seconds later, Percy's face was shown. "Percy!" I smiled as I saw his smiling face. "Hey, Annabeth. I've waited half an hour for you." "Hey! I'm right on time, Mister-I've-waited-half-on-hour-for-you." I stuck my tongue out at him. He smiled widely at me, "So, how's your day?" "Like every other day, it was fine but better now because I'm talking to you." "Is it me or does it seem like you have a crush on me?" He said jokingly. I scrunched my nose and said, "Well, how about you? How was your day?" Percy smiled and told me how his day went. We did this every day. Since I'm studying at Harvard University and Percy is studying at Stanford University, we couldn't be together every day. So what we do is that we video chat with each other every day. We talk for more than an hour, never going less than that. And we would talk about our day, favorite professor and subjects, and our least professor and subjects. "Hey, Annabeth, there should be a package for you coming any day of this week." "You sent me something?" "Yeah." He said while nodding. "Wait, I'll check the front desk if I have any packages." I said then stood up. "Wear something decent!" Percy said but I was already about to exit the room. "This is decent!" I said then left the room. I went to the front desk and asked if I had any packages. "You're in luck. This came in just a while ago." The personnel gave me a package that seems to be from Amazon. "Thank you." I smiled and went back to my room. "I got the package." I said as I entered the room and went back to my laptop. "Open it in front of the laptop; I want to see your reaction." He smiled widely. I stared at the package for a while and said, "Maybe I'll open it later." "No, open it now." "Okay, okay. I'm opening it." I said and ripped the tab off. I was shocked when I opened the package. Percy bought me an Amazon Kindle 3. It was black and had a plastic covering it. I cautiously held it. It was very light in my hands, also very thin. I carefully held it up so he can see it. "You bought me an Amazon Kindle 3?" I asked in disbelief. "Turn it on." I did what he asked me to do and saw that there was one file. I opened it…he bought me Something Borrowed. "You