Title: Emmett's what? Disclaimers: I do not own the Twilight characters, or any other Twilight object, location, and whatnot. Any locations in this story that match to a real building, company, or anything else, aren't mine. "Emmett's what?" Rosalie asked blankly, her gold eyes going to Edward's golds. Edward nodded surely, placing a plate in front of Bella who thanked him with a smile for the food she asked for...again. "I saw him, Rose. He was...listening to music and dancing to it in a very...odd fashion." He said delicately. Alice sat back in her chair in shock. "I never would have guessed. He's just so...masculine and such." Jasper nodded in shock, looking at the table in deep thought. "All the times we've been together though...he's never expressed anything like that. I know we're brothers, but wouldn't he at least express an interest?" He asked Edward. "Most likely he did, but we never saw it. I couldn't believe it either, but I saw the signs of him being in hiding, and I thought we should consult this as a family before confronting Emmett at last." Edward told them and set down a glass of milk. "You should drink this glass, Bella. Carlisle says you need more calcium, and so does the baby." He said softly. Bella nodded and rubbed her four month belly. "I'll make sure he gets some more than what I've been drinking lately. So, what is this about Emmett?" She asked, feeling lost once more. It wasn't a big shocker to the Cullens to hear Bella wasn't following them. Since she found out she was pregnant, and the pregnancy progressed: she was rather...air-headed and slow to process things. Rosalie wondered how she would deal with the baby when she was so air-headed recently, but was sure she would be able to help her sister in caring for the child everyone was expecting very shortly. Vampires and humans usually didn't make babies, but Edward and Bella managed – which fit just fine in Bella's magnet life – and now the baby was just finishing up developing before he made his appearance in the world in about two months, maybe less depending on how fast he was developing inside Bella's human womb. "We feel, Bella, that Emmett is hiding something from us which we really need to confront him about." Jasper commented firmly at the end. No one spoke firmly with Bella sine sometimes it made her burst into tears for no reason. Rosalie blinked. "All these years we've been married...was I just a...figure head?" She sounded hurt. Alice quickly consoled her sister. "Of course not, Rose! Emmett does love you!" She assured her. "He really does, Rose. Maybe he wishes to be with you more than who he really wants to be with." Jasper assured as well. Edward nodded. "Yes. I know he loves you. You're in his head all day," He paused shortly, "maybe he thinks of you hourly to make sure no other thoughts get in." He thought it over. Alice hummed. "it sounds accurate enough. I mean...why else would he imagine Rose naked twenty-four seven when he's not even horny?" Rosalie gave a short thought before, "so...he's married to me to stay straight?" She asked. "It's very possible." Jasper nodded, wondering why he never thought of it earlier after everything he had seen from his brother over the years. Bella gave a blink as she swallowed her ice cream that was drizzled with blood and chopped cherries. "Are guys saying Emmett's gay and you never noticed?" She asked sweetly and with some confusion on how they never saw it before. Everyone looked at Bella with unveiled shock. "You knew?" All four asked her. Bella nodded. "I mean, isn't it obvious? He likes boy bands, the color pink is all he wants for curtains and pillow cases, he reads Pride and Prejudice every Sunday, and he even likes shopping for my clothes and baby shopping with me." She listed off. Rosalie should have known earlier, but it just slipped her mind due to her thinking of her just rubbing off on Emmett and wanting fashionable things. The book thing...well...he said everyone was reading it. No one read Pride and Prejudice anymore, so that had to be a lie. "Wow. What else did you notice of Emmett?" She asked her sister, wanting to be able to support her husband any way she could, even if if meant divorcing him so he could get a good boyfriend and show who he was. Dammit, she was his wife and she would support her bear any way possible! Bella shrugged. "He thinks the baby should do ballet at least for a season." She told Edward who gave a furrowed eyebrow look back. "I don't think he'll like ballet." Edward felt her belly, "nope. He wants to do baseball." He nodded at the baby's thoughts of doing what his daddy did. "Ballet... Pride and Prejudice ...pink curtains...baby shopping...shopping...it's all true and leads to one thing." Alice commented firmly. Jasper nodded. "Emmett's gay." He finally said it. "Emmett's what?" The five heads turned to the kitchen doorway where Esme was standing with a bag of groceries and a bag of blood for Bella that she had gotten from the hospital for Bella. "We discovered something very delicate about Emmett, Esme." Edward told her softly while she set the items on the counter before walking to them with some worry. "What is it? Is he okay?" Esme asked quickly. Rosalie patted her mother's arm. "Of course he is, Esme. He's immortal; but that's not what it is. We found out that...Emmett's hiding in the closet, and not being his true self." She said delicately. Esme looked confused. "Hiding in the closet? You mean you think he's homosexual?" "Yep." Jasper nodded shortly. "We want him to know that we support him fully, and want him to show himself off as he truly is!" Alice said happily and full of moral support for her bear brother she was going to have fun shopping with. "Exactly." Edward nodded with a grin and watched Bella softly as she dug into the top of her ice cream mainly for the blood on it. She had been craving it lately, and it was really helping the baby grow quicker than before. He knew that Bella wasn't even thinking of it as blood anymore; she was thinking of it as a delicious gravy that could be mixed with anything or nothing at all. Sometimes she was just too cute. Esme looked very surprised now. "Really? I suppose I should have known. I mean, he was always wanting to shop with me recently for Bella's maternity clothing." She side nodded at the thought of her son being gay not so far fetched. "Right?" Bella nodded in agreement. "So we all agree to this? That we should confront Emmett as a family, and tell him to just come out already and be himself?" Rosalie asked the table, ready to talk to her husband. "What about Emmett?" Carlisle asked as he came in the room with the sippy cup for Bella's blood since it was about that time for her to drink another cup. "Emmett's gay and we know now." Jasper stated holding his breath as the blood on the counter was poured into the cup slowly. Carlisle blinked, pausing in the pouring of the human blood. "Really?" He sounded just as surprised as his wife had been when he looked to Rosalie. "He's using me to stay straight and off of his true persona. I don't blame him I guess. I mean, do you see how those humans treat homosexuals lately?" Rosalie rolled her eyes. Esme nodded with her arms crossed. "Well, when he gets back, we'll confront him face to face as a family should, and give him all the support and love we should." She told them. Carlisle hummed in agreement and gave Bella the cup with her thanking him softly before taking a small sip. "I agree, Esme darling. Emmett must be afraid to come out in the open because of what he thinks we feel about him. He's still the Emmett we all know and love, and he is to be treated as normal." He informed them firmly. Alice nodded. "Right. We still love him and now we can all be closer together. We should do our secret telling too! To make him feel like he wasn't the only one hiding a secret, you know? I mean...don't we all have secrets that we're hiding from each other?" She asked honestly to her husband. Jasper nodded with honestly. "I suppose so, yes. Maybe a good secret confessing could be good for us all." He grinned at Edward. He nodded. "We could use the truth-telling time to make Emmett confess to being gay as well. It's a perfect opportunity for us all to be closer together as well before the baby's born." Edward looked to Carlisle and Esme. Esme agreed to this fully. "Alright then, we'll all confess our secrets, big or small, and we'll give Emmett a wonderful opportunity to be himself from here on out." Carlisle smiled. "Wonderful idea, darling. This will be a great thing to do before the arrival of the new Cullen." Bella looked at them all. "Where are we going?" She asked her husband, showing just how air-headed she really was in this pregnancy. Edward could only shake his head fondly at her and wonder how much longer before the baby's born so he would have his intellectual wife back. "I whip my hair back and forth!" Emmett sang along to the song as he handed Esme a bag of clothes "Keep fighting until I get there!" He continued to sing along to his favorite song on his Ipod. Rosalie watched her husband while she kept Bella company on the couch as they both watched their TV show together, staying close together as they could with how large Bella's belly was. Bella had her legs on Rose's legs and was playing with the ends of her long hair as she watched Emmett pass by with a swish of his hips. Both girls looked to each other and they finally understood how Edward finally decoded Emmett's actions. Jasper was doing the same thing from behind his novel and wondered how he never saw this before. Alice, who was draped across his lap bodily with a magazine with her watched on as Emmett handed over more bags to Esme, telling them all that he got exactly what Esme asked for from the store. Both partners turned to each other and figured out their brother at last. Edward and Carlisle were examining their family member and pondered over how Emmett was able to hide his homosexuality from a mind reader, a psychic, and an empath for this long when living together for years on end. Of course, both Cullen men were going to be very supportive in Emmett's sexuality, bu just thinking about him hiding this long amazed them to no ends. "Bells, you'll love what I got you and the baby!" Emmett took out his ear buds and dug into a bag to hand over a book. Bella took it curiously and blushed as red as a tomato as she glared at Emmett. "Gee, thanks, Emm." She tossed the book to the table. Emmett just smiled widely and picked it up to toss it to Edward who thumbed through it with curiousness. "It's a perfect bonding time for baby and you! Ed and the baby can do different things, but the baby needs to bond with his mommy more than his father in this stage of his life, the infant stage!" He told her after recalling what he had read up on. Rosalie knew everything was true after that when she read the title of the book.A Mommy's Guide to Safely Breastfeeding and Bonding with Baby. Her husband really was gay if he picked out this rather