Terrorizing Bella Summary: Bella has a terrible fear: she's deathly afraid of clowns. Now: to get her out of the closet! T - just to be safe with the language! Warnings: Maybe some language and some child neglect and abuse. Very little of that though. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight in any way. I only own the specific plot I write. "How did this even happen?" Charlie wondered out loud as he scratched his head. Billy glared once again at his brother and refrained from running over his foot again. "I don't care how it happened, Charlie. We need to get Bella out of that closet before she suffocates herself in fear." He stated. Jacob hummed as he put an ear to the closet door, hoping to get a better hearing for his claimed sister. "She's quiet." He muttered to Edward who looked so worried. "She's hiding under a blanket. Well…she was earlier, and I don't think she's moved from the corner behind our jackets." Alice corrected quickly after remembering Charlie Swan was in the room. Carlisle hummed curiously and worriedly for his claimed daughter. "What is she hiding from, son?" He asked Edward who was watching Jacob peek under the door again. "I don't know. Emmett was with her today." He nodded to Emmett who was torn in being amused, terrified, worried, and sympathetic on Bella's part. Emmett shrugged. "She got a letter in the mail, so I gave her the letter of course. She opened it, screamed bloody murder, and hid in the closet." He retold and handed over the paper. Charlie instantly sighed and showed Billy the stickers on the paper, making the Indian sigh angrily. "Renee." Billy grumbled and tore up the paper without a care in the world. "Figures. I assumed it would be for Bells to be hiding completely under that blanket in there." Jacob looked up to his father. Billy half-nodded in agreement. "Bella love, please come out of the closet. It's very unsafe." Edward pleaded again in hopes of getting his girlfriend out of the seemingly dangerous closet. She never answered. Jacob sighed. "She won't answer. I remember when we were kids and this would happen." He scratched his spiky hair in thought. "What would you do?" Esme asked worriedly and watched her son try the knob again. "Will she be okay?" Jacob waved it off. "She'll come out of her fearful state eventually. But what I would do when she would lock herself in my closet or the bathroom: we would pass notes to each other." He grinned childishly. "How long did that usually take; to bring her back to reality?" Jasper asked and tried the door himself, but getting a kick at the door that made him jump away with his brother and Jacob who scooted away from the door. "Bells, try not to break their door." Charlie pleaded, worried for both the door and his daughter. "Well, sometime it took hours, but one time I was passing notes with her for two days to make her open the damn door so Sam could get in and get her out." Jacob snickered despite the situation. "How old was she in this?" Edward asked him curiously and worriedly as he listened for his girlfriend who was silent again. "She was about fifteen." Billy answered. Carlisle sighed lightly. "Well, you can certainly try it, Jacob. Rosalie, please give some paper and a pen to Jacob." He asked his daughter who sighed and left for the office. "What if it doesn't work?" Charlie asked. "Then we bust the door down and sedate her ass." Emmett said seriously and humorously, getting a swat by Alice at his arm. "You didn't see her, Alice! She flipped out! I mean she flat out lost her shit!" He defended himself. "Stop yelling!" Jasper chided. "You're going to scare her." He said pointedly. Edward glared at Emmett for scaring his poor fearful girlfriend as Rosalie handed the pen and pad of paper to Jacob. "Thanks. Now, we take it from here." Jacob grinned as he started writing and slid it under the door, not getting it pushed out. "This is good! She hasn't rejected it." He beamed happily. "What if she rejected it?" Alice asked and listened for her best friend. "Then we would have to think of a new plan." Billy huffed in worry. Jacob grinned as the pad was pushed out again. "Excellent. She responded." He frowned instantly at whatever was written. "Thanks, Bells. You're a treat." He grumbled and lifted it up for Edward to take. "What does it say?" Charlie asked hopefully. "Go fuck yourself." Edward cleared his throat at the crude message his sweet girlfriend wrote. "Pardon?" Charlie asked sharply, making Alice giggle. "The message, Chief; it says go fuck yourself. Pardon my language, Esme." Edward apologized as Esme looked to be blushing at the language usage. Charlie blushed. "Oh." He grumbled. Billy snickered. "Thinking you were getting told off at last, Charlie?" He asked amusedly. The chief blushed again. "Sorry, son. I wasn't expecting Bella to curse and…the message thing." He scratched his head again. "It's alright, chief. I wouldn't be any different from you." Edward waved off the apology. "I should have been clearer. Write something else." He gave it back to the Quileute who snatched it away and wrote something else down, looking victorious as he slid it back under. "What did you write?" Jasper asked suspiciously from the victorious look and emotions coming from the sixteen-year old. The paper came back. "Bella, for the last time: I'm not gay." Jacob snapped. Another paper came, and Jacob read it and blushed before he shredded it. "What? What did she write?" Edward asked worriedly. "Nothing." Jacob snapped on him and handed the pad to him when he stood up. "You get through to her. She has too much dirt on me." He blushed through his copper skin and went to sulk on the couch with his tail between his legs. Edward looked to the paper and quirked his lips at the still crude message from his sweet Bella. "That's quite crude and rude, Bella love." He gave the paper to Carlisle after he ripped it out, who looked to the Quileute boy who was still blushing and not meeting eyes. "What was the other message?" Carlisle asked him with humor and curiosity. "Nothing." Jacob stated firmly. Jasper shook it off and wrote on the pad himself. "This should get her out." Jasper smirked at his brother who agreed. The paper came back and Jasper shredded it completely. "What is she writing? "Charlie asked worriedly. "Nothing, Chief." Jasper stated, looking to be blushing. "It didn't work. Who does she not have dirt on?" He asked hopefully. Emmett raised his hand. "I take anything she throws." He grinned with his dimples showing as he took the paper and wrote something on it and gave it back to Jasper who slid it under the door for Bella. I came back and Jasper chuckled with Edward. "What?" Emmett asked confusedly. Edward looked to him with so much amusement. "Nothing, cuddle butt." He laughed at the end of the name with Jasper. The name effectively made Jacob stop sulking and laugh loudly with everyone else as Emmett look embarrassed. "What?" He asked horrified and took the paper to read it. "Bella: that was our secret!" Emmett whined in betrayal. She slid another paper out from under the door and Edward took it and laughed again. Carlisle took the paper and widened his eyes in horror and amusement. "What does this one say?" Alice asked. Carlisle looked to his bear son who looked scared to hear it. "Do I want to know what this means, son?" He gave the paper to Jacob who wanted it. "Denim yeti?" Jacob laughed at the meaning. Suddenly, the dirt she had on him wasn't so bad. Emmett wanted to die of mortification. "No, Dad. You don't need to know." He mumbled in defeat and sat down in shame. "How does she know that?" Rosalie asked in amusement and full curiosity. "Please…don't ask." Emmett mumbled behind his hands. "That bad, son?" Charlie twitched his lips. "Next." Emmett claimed. Alice nodded. "Alright, my turn. Let me see if I can at least get her to unlock the door. That will be a good step." She said. Carlisle nodded. "Yes. Just get the door unlocked and I handle this from there." He said positively. He couldn't do anything from the other side of the locked door. Alice wrote something down this time and slid it under, feeling hopeful that her best friend will open the door for her. They waited only ten seconds until Bella slid the pad of paper back under to them. Edward took the pad and immediately looked at Jasper with horror and amusement. "What?" Jasper asked worriedly on what she wrote this time. Edward looked to Alice who was just as confused. "What did she write? Will she open the door?" Alice asked. Edward looked to the paper. "You…dress up?" He asked softly. Alice gasped in horror as Jasper looked to be blushing again. "She didn't write that." Alice claimed and took the paper. "Bella: that was a secret!" She whined in horror. She slid another one under the door that Edward took and regretted immediately. "What now?" Jasper hid his face in embarrassment. "I…don't think I should read it out loud." Edward cleared his throat uncomfortably at all this knowledge his innocent lover had in her head. He was officially grateful he couldn't read her mind. "Tell us!" Jacob pleaded. "Son, we have to know everything. It could get her out later!" Charlie urged. Edward sighed as he looked to Alice who was horrified. "That will teach you for threatening me with Victoria's secret, Captain S.S Sparkles." Alice wanted to die from all the laughter at the message. "Oh god!" Jacob laughed with Emmett. Rosalie had broken down laughing as well, with Esme looking horrified and amused with her husband who was holding in his chuckles like the other male adults. "I give up. Next."Alice mumbled and sat down in shame as well as Jasper. Billy grinned. "I don't think she has anything on me." He took the paper when after he wheeled over to write something down ad have Edward slide it under, not reading it. Billy rolled himself back as Bella wrote back and shoved it under the door. Edward regretted this instantly as he peeked at Charlie who blinked. "What?" The chief asked. Edward peeked at Billy. "Go on, son. Read it. What did she say?" Billy asked worriedly from that horror in those gold eyes. Edward gave it to Carlisle as he was too horrified to read this one. Carlisle blinked and looked up to the two men who were like brothers. "Says the man who had sex with my father." He said slowly and carefully, not trying to judge though he was amused to no end. The two men blushed through the roof as Jacob cracked up. "She did not write that!" Charlie hissed and snatched the paper out of the doctor's hands and blushed harder before he ripped it up. "Bella, it was one time!" He defended himself. She slid another one under the door. Edward read this one from it not being so crude. "It only takes one time, Bottom." He cleared his throat to no laugh at the blushing the chief did. "Bella, you are officially the queen!" Emmett laughed and received a smack from Esme who pitied the poor man who plopped down in a seat in horror. "I give up." Billy said in a clipped tone before wheeling over to sit by the chair Charlie was at. "This doesn't leave this house, or every one of you are under arrest." Charlie swore. He got everyone to nod quickly. "Well, why don't I try this time?" Esme asked curiously and took the pad. She gave Edward the paper and