Title: The End Disclaimers: I do not own the Twilight characters, or any other Twilight object, location, and whatnot. Any locations in this story that match to a real building, company, or anything else, aren't mine. With the hearing I had in my old age of sixty-four, I heard the two cars pull into my daughter's driveway. I opened my eyes and looked off and over the railing of the wooden porch to gaze at an old Mercedes Benz. I hadn't seen one of them on the road for a long time now, and I had to chuckle at the color of black. Everyone nowadays seemed to like bright colors, but this car was an appreciative dark tone. The one that pulled up behind it was the car I hadn't thought I would ever see again; a silver Volvo. The car brought back memories, and I had to appreciate the colors and types of old styled cars. These days were box shaped cars, and I just didn't like those. I liked space for my old legs, dammit. Give me a Ford or Chevy, and I'd be the happiest grandma in the world. I continued to rock myself as I kept eyes on the little munchkins playing ball in the front yard, while taking the looks at the cars when no one exited the cars. I knew they were there, and my raised gray eyebrow was seen through those tints where the people were sitting. They could see me. I knew it. The people were who I had wanted to see just once more, and voila. Here they are being cowards in their cars. I crooked a finger at BJ, my favorite – don't tell Peter. She came running up on those five year old legs to stand next to me. "Why not go knock on the black car's window and tell them to say hi to me?" I whispered, knowing they could hear me. BJ nodded quickly and ran off to do exactly as I told her. She was the good child. The rest were demons from Hell. A.K.A my daughters and sons. It didn't take more than my BJ to get the people moving out of the cars. I guess they needed a push or a little cutie who looked precisely like me when I was younger to get them going. Seeing them now was bringing so many memories back. Carlisle Cullen in all his twenty-two year old glory, was with the entire Cullen family exiting when Carlisle did, from the cars. I roamed my eyes over them all while BJ went back to playing dolls with the other girls. All of them looked like they did so many years ago. Emmett still looked big and handsome with mischief written over his forehead. Rosalie still looked so beautiful and mythical with that long blond hair. Alice was still short as ever with the grace of a ballerina. Jasper was still the tall silent one it looked like. Esme was still looking motherly and beautiful. Carlisle still in his youth like back then. Then there was Edward. The lone single one who was still the Greek god I remembered clearly. His bronze hair wasn't styled messy no more. It was longer and laid more flat like in style with the teens these days. I never knew that vampires could grow their hair out. It was about as long as Jasper's curly hair, and much more dark red than brown. That was probably the light though. It was always brownish in clouds, but not in sun. When they reached the porch I had to chuckle. "Well I'll be a monkey's uncle." I claimed humorously, holding onto my cool cane that my grandson Jimmy bought me. I was going in style everywhere, and this cane with the vintage Ed Harvey, like in my time, cane that read 'Love is Dead'. Ah good ole Ed Harvey. Carlisle chuckled. "Hello, Bella dear." His voice was still so melodic and full of that compassion. "Carlisle. Lookin' youthful as ever." I complimented him with a smile. "Thank you. You look well yourself." Carlisle roamed his eyes over me. I saw sadness in them. It was because I was old though. I wasn't young and savable anymore. "Shoot. If you think this is good: you should have seen me after my first daughter. I was hot." I complimented myself, lightening the mood. Emmett snickered as Rosalie actually smiled. "Wish you had smiled like that when I was younger. Mighty beautiful still, Rosalie." I looked at her fully. "Thank you, Bella. You still have your spunk, I'll give you that." Rosalie said with a smirk. I nodded. "I do. I passed it on to all seven of mine. Bastard children always stealin' my junk." I cursed in the name of my grown kids once more. Alice giggled. "Can you call your kids bastards when you had them in wedlock?" She asked me, her voice full of light and happy emotions with a twinge of sadness in it. Her soprano voice was still so soothing to me. "Yes I can. I birthed 'em. I can do what I want with 'em." I said once again. "My kids, my rules. You should see me talk about the husband." "Where is the lucky man?" Edward asked me, sounding very curious and eager to meet the father of my kids. I chuckled. "He's bein' walked." I told an inside joke that made chuckle again and slam the end of my can to the window near me. "Jacobi David, I know you ain't eavesdroppin' on your momma in there!" I called him out. "...no. ma'am." Course he was. He was always a nosy child. Always in everybody's business when he shouldn't be. He didn't get that from me. I rolled my eyes, and Esme had giggled softly with Alice; Jasper had to hide his smirk while Emmett just laughed that wondrous boisterous laugh that made my grandkids look at him like he was an alien. My son who looked a lot like his father and nothing like me came out the front door with his tail between his legs – no pun intended. I glared. "Well? Did you fix the heater like your sister asked you to? It gonna get cold this winter, and I don't want the grand kid militia freezing." I asked him. "Yes, ma'am." Jacobi mumbled before brightening up with a smile appearing on his tanned face. "Jacobi Uley. Nice to meet you Mr...?" He dragged out, shaking Carlisle's hand. Carlisle was surprised from that look at me at my son's last name, but was the perfect gentleman with a polite smile appearing on his face. "Carlisle Cullen. Wonderful to meet Bella's son." "I'm the best one she has." Jacobi winked. "And the most retarded." I added on to Edward who stifled his chuckle. "She has Altimeter's and doesn't know what she's talking about." Jacobi defended himself. I glared. "I might be old, but I ain't senile." He rolled his eyes and received a slap to his head by my daughter who looked precisely like me. "Don't be pickin' on your momma in my house, Jacobi David. I'll beat you down when we were eighteen." She threatened. "I let you win." Jacobi stated while he back inside. Cathy looked to me. "So, who are your friends?" She asked me sweetly, ordering me silently to tell her who these people on her porch were. I decided to play with her a bit. "The tall blond is your dad, the woman next to him is your step-momma..." "Funny, grandma. Do it again and I'll put in your box and float you down the river." Cathy threatened with a grin while Carlisle gave me a scolding look accompanied by a small smile. I chuckled. "These are some kids of my old friends. They came to say hello to me and bail me out of this Hell." I said with a wave and sat back in my rocking chair. "Why aren't you dead yet again?" Cathy asked me with such seriousness I had to laugh. "I'm too cool for Death. He don't want me." I told another inside joke. Cathy rolled her eyes and shook hands with Carlisle and Esme. "I'm Cathy McGee. I'm her oldest daughter and most of those kid's mom." She waved out to the front yard where all the kids were playing. "And dictator." I added on for the hell of it. "And your death granter if you keep irritating me." Cathy warned before taking the glass from Jimmy who came out with it silently. "Thanks, hun. Drink it." She ordered me and walked away for the kids in the yard. I grumbled and set it aside, not drinking the foul substance. "Don't like lemonade anymore?" Edward asked me curiously. "I love lemonade. I hate the medicine inside it. We thought it would make it easier for me to drink it, but it didn't Now it's plain disgusting. Can't swallow pills too well anymore." I informed. "gettin' old, Bells." Emmett said sadly but with a teasing smile. I smiled back. "Didn't expect me to stay young forever did you?" I asked him softly. He frowned slightly. "Yeah...I kinda did." He told me softly. I hummed in understanding. "Little too late now, Em." "Yeah. We see that." Jasper commented softly, leaning on the porch railing. I hummed again. This wasn't the place to do all this talking. Kids were annoying and nosy, and this was a private conversation. "Help me up, will you, Carlisle? We'll take this inside." I set my cane on the board firmly. "Of course, Bella." Carlisle waked to me and aided me in standing. "Knees not what they used to be anymore. Jacobi, stay away from the den or I'll castrate you in your dreams." I warned when I made it inside and walked through the cleared living room. Thank you Jimmy my boy. "Yes, ma'am." Jacobi said quickly, standing with Jacob, his twin who was snickering at him and feeding my newest granddaughter. I let Esme open the door to the den when she got there first, and the others filed in before me. "I'm slow, I know it. I get complaints all the time." I told them and chose the most comfortable, firm seat in the den. "We like slow." Rosalie told me, helping me sit gently. I humphed at the lie, and received a smirk from her and a giggle from the youthful Alice. "Nice try, but I have about fifteen grandkids. I can smell a lie a mile away." I claimed and set my grandkids approved cane on the wall nearest me. "Now, confess to this old woman why you're here now of all times?" I asked them, looking at Edward directly. He sighed. "I don't know. Nothing I do can change anything, but...I had to see you again." He said softly. "While I'm old? I'd rather you kept my young memory than this one. Lost all the good color in my hair." I trailed off about my grey hair that was kept in a bun on the back of my head. "You'll always be beautiful, Bella. No matter what age. I just wish I preserved the younger age while I had the chance." Edward told me, sounding tragically upset. I sighed. "I just this, I just that. Justs don't matter anymore, Edward...I waited for you. When I was eighteen that is." I confessed. "I waited everyday for you to appear back in my room and be with me again, even if but for an hour. I wished I could have said bye to Alice and at least leave on good terms with Rosalie and not be enemies." I shrugged discreetly. I couldn't shrug anymore. It hurt my shoulders like this. Alice looked ready to burst into tears. "Oh, Bella. I'm so sorry I did that to you. I loved you and I still do! I called you though. Hundreds of times, and