This Little Love Disclaimers: I don't own Twilight or any characters of Twilight. I own the specific plot I write and any characters I come up with. I don't make money off this story. Summary: Bella comes to Fork pregnant with her ex's baby. Edward still finds her very attractive, like in the books, and he wants them to get together. Bella isn't a shy girl, and she's very confident in herself. Edward isn't the restraining guy he was in the books; he's more in tune with his vampire, confident, and enjoys fooling around with his pregnant girlfriend. Bella and Edward go through the pregnancy together, along with the Cullen family. AU! Warnings: Some sexual content. Course language. I sighed for the tenth time as I drove down the road to the local high school. I had moved to Forks, Washington a few days ago to live with my dad for a new start. I glanced to my swollen stomach quickly before going back to the road. I had gotten pregnant by my ex-boyfriend who wanted nothing to do with this baby. My mom had threw a giant fit with my ex; stating that he was the father and should help me with my precious baby. After he said he wanted nothing to do with me or my baby, he signed over all custodial rights, and my mom and threatened him with rape if he came near me again. I didn't think it would work as he was only twenty-one and I was seventeen, but I didn't complain. I was fine with raising my baby on my own. I knew I would be a great mommy to my little baby. I was three months on my twelfth week mark, and I clearly showed that I was with child. Mom wanted me to stay with her for my pregnancy so she would be able to help me with my baby anyway she could, but I had stated that she needed to be with Phil more now that they were married. I had moved myself to be with my dad, Charlie who was chief of police in here in Forks, and he accepted fully. I hadn't seen my dad since I was fifteen, and I was excited to be with him. I knew he was happy as well when he touched my belly to feel the baby move for his grandaddy. Dad wanted to help me with the baby in all ways; meaning he bought me a crib, a changing table, and all types of baby things. I had gotten a lot of baby clothes from Billy; dad's old friend, who claimed it was a boy right away when he felt my belly, too. I had gotten his two daughters' old clothes, and Jacob's old clothes to prepare for the baby. My room was now full of baby things. I really had to rearrange the room I had to make space for the baby stuff. My childhood room was small, but I had somehow fixed it up perfectly. I had taken out the desk with my old computer and set the crib there. It was in nice view of my full bed that I had changed from a queen to a full just for space. I was thinking of getting a twin just for the sake of space, but dad wouldn't let me. He said I needed my own little space and comfortable bed for my back. Oh, my back was a whole different story. It hurt all the time, so dad had gotten a wonderful soft adjustable bed that cradled my body firmly, but was oh so heavenly. It seemed like I had gained so much weight with my three months, but everyone said I was all baby who was still so small, unlike me. I didn't know really, but I took their word. I pulled out of my thoughts as I saw the school. I pulled into the parking lot and I saw all eyes on me and my mini-van that Phil had bought me; claiming that the baby might have sibling in there. I had glared so hard at him for saying that. I knew he jinxed me terribly as it was just my luck. I pulled into an open spot, and got out as gracefully as I could with this baby of mine not liking the drive at all. She – I thought she was a girl – was having a fit in there, I just knew it. Everyone says she's too small to move and I wouldn't feel it and all that, but I was the mommy so I knew what my baby was doing inside of my belly. I looked around the parking lot after I took off my Ray Bans off to see that all the teenagers of Forks were looking at me and my obvious belly. I hated it. Now all the people would want to touch my belly thinking they had the right to touch me and my unborn child. I situated my back pack on back carefully and walked in the direction of the front office that dad told me to go to. I took a look around the lot as I walked and noticed a group of beautiful looking people that were around one of the men. I looked at the man and I noticed that he was looking directly at me with seemingly black eyes from what I could see. As much as I wanted to keep gazing at the handsome man that slowly turned his eyes to a smaller girl and off me and my belly, I turned back around to finish my walk to the front office. Inside the office, I spoke to Mrs. Cope who gave me my map, schedule, and a slip I had to get signed. I had let her feel my belly when she asked and I was glad I did. Her face had lit up in pleasure at feeling the baby move. After I left the office I was approached by Angela Weber who offered to show me to my class that I had with her coincidentally, and I agreed. She was a nice girl and seemed so shy. I really liked her and I knew we would be good friends. My classes were boring. Nothing really interesting, and I had learned all of this stuff in Phoenix. The people were so nosy as well. All of the girls wanted to touch my belly – which I turned down except for Angela. She was just so cute – and ask about my personal life. The guys were just creepy. Period. I saw a few of the beautiful teenagers that I had seen in the parking lot in my classes. I had the big one, a blonde female that pretty much ignored me unlike the big one who chatted non-stop with me like the small girl that was with him in my class. I didn't see the two other guys, but whatever, right? The big one, Emmett as he introduced himself, was really muscular like a bear and had black hair and, the oddest things, topaz eyes with pale skin. He was really talkative, and seemed very happy. The small girl, Alice, who was pixie-like and had short spiky hair, topaz eyes, and pale skin. She was energized like the energizing bunny on crack cocain. The blonde female was taller than Alice by far. She had topaz eyes and long curly blond hair with pale skin. She hadn't spoken at all, and I hadn't tried to speak to her at all, which seemed to make her even more huffy. I didn't really care about it. If she didn't want to talk to me; I wasn't going to talk to her. Simple solution. **At lunch, I sat with Angela and her friends that wanted to touch my belly -I declined again. That was getting really annoying. You'd think they would learn after I had turned down most people. I had gotten a salad just to watch my weight gain. Dad said I needed to eat more to gain weight for the baby, but I didn't really think I did. I was a healthy weight except for the baby that added ten pound. As I ate it, I caught sight of the Cullen siblings at a table with the two guys that I hadn't met. ''Angela, who are they?'' I asked and looked to my new friend. Angela looked to the Cullen's table. She was about to answer, but the girl named Jessica butted in. ''Those are the Cullens. The big one is Emmett, and his girlfriend Rosalie. The small one is Alice and her boyfriend Jasper. Emmett and Alice are siblings and are Cullens, and Jasper and Rosalie are twins, and are Hales. The last one is Edward Cullen. He's single, but none of the girls here are good enough for him.'' Jessica sniffed. I briefly wondered when he turned her down. I felt happy that he was single for some reason, and couldn't tell if it was the baby being excited and hungry, or if I was really excited about the fact of Edward Cullen being single. I looked to the Cullen table again to inspect the two boys I hadn't met. Jasper was tall and willow-like with curly honey-blonde hair and dark eyes, and was pale like the rest. He seemed stiff, but was glancing to Edward who was facing me as he sat in front of the window. I gazed at the single Cullen. He had bronze hair, pale muscled skin, but not as much as Emmett or Jasper, and the blackest of eyes that were locked on my brown ones. I felt almost lost in them until the baby kicked me angrily and pulled me away from those eyes that looked into my soul. I put my hand on my swollen belly. ''Ouch. Not nice.'' I spoke to my baby. Angela looked to me. ''The baby hungry?'' She asked softly. I nodded and picked up my fork again to eat the salad like my baby wanted. ''She must be. That hurt.'' I complained, making Angela laugh. Lauren turned those blue eyes to me. ''I thought babies didn't move that early. '' She said stupidly. I shook my head. ''No, they move all the time. You just can't see them as their so small right now. I'm only twelve weeks right now.'' I informed her before turning back to my food. ''What does it feel like?'' Tyler asked curiously and innocently from his place next to Eric. ''Um, weird. Not uncomfortable, but foreign almost. She's so small so it won't really feel like anything right now. When she get's bigger, I'll feel more, but right now she's just really small. Sometimes it hurts badly, but I'm so small and she has no where to go and stretch out; so she improvises with my organs.'' I told him. Tyler laughed with the boys and Angela. ''How do you know it's a girl?'' Jessica asked dubiously. I shrugged and took a bite. ''Intuition.'' Angela smiled. ''Mother's intuition! Must be nice to feel that. Oh! My mom said that she's giving the Chief some of my old baby clothes for you sometime this week.'' She told me. I smiled at the graceful offer. ''Thank you, Angela. That's really sweet of your mom and you. I need to make room in my closet again.'' I mumbled. I snuck a peak at the Cullen table to see that Edward Cullen seemed tense and looked at the Alice, to me, and back again before nodding and semi-relaxing between Emmett and Jasper. I wondered if he was okay. But it wasn't really my place to say anything, so I looked back to my tray. After a little while, Lauren whispered to me. ''Bella, Edward Cullen is looking at you.'' She said with jealousy. I turned my gaze to her and then to Edward. He really was looking at me