Title: Edward's What? Disclaimers: I do not own the Twilight characters, or any other Twilight object, location, and whatnot. Any locations in this story that match to a real building, company, or anything else, aren't mine. "He's...what?" Jasper asked carefully and slowly, looking at Carlisle who was looking at a white, long stick in his hand. "He's pregnant. He confessed just this morning before claiming he needed to be somewhere." Carlisle told them all, looking to them and the pregnancy stick that he gave to Esme who gazed at it with such confusion. Rosalie blinked and stopped filing her nails. "Is that even...possible with a guy?" "How about a vampire dude?" Emmett asked shortly. "It's happened, and he's pregnant." Carlisle sat down in his chair in a loss. "He didn't even give me a chance to sit him down and question him on the father." He murmured as he thought over the possibilities of a father to his...son's child. Esme looked to the positive mark on the test. "Well...does he want to keep the baby, or...what? Can he carry a child to term healthily?" She questioned her husband with worry. "If he's pregnant, his body has to have a way to give birth to the child. I think..." Alice muttered the last part to herself as she tried to ponder over scenarios of her brother growing with a child. Emmett turned to Rosalie. "If Ed even gay?" He asked the biggest issue in his mind. His brother never told him about liking guys, but he's never looked at a girl before. Rose shrugged. "I don't know. He doesn't date girls, but he did think that a blond human was a little cute last year in Canada, but nothing happened." She assured them all. Sighs of relief came from all five who listened to Rosalie. "So...what do we do now?" Jasper asked the main point. Carlisle shrugged, honestly at a loss. "What can we do but support his choice, whatever it may be. We need to be there for him through this all, and help him with the child." Esme nodded quickly. "Of course! He might need some help with what he doesn't know about a child, and maybe we can get him to confide in us who the father is...well...the other father." She corrected herself with some confusion. That was going to take some getting used to in the sense of her son being a mother. Alice nodded in agreement. "Right! We should find out what he wants first, then we can get the things he needs if he wants to keep it." "Perfect. Will it be a vampire...or human?" Jasper wondered. Emmett shrugged. "What if it's a vamp-wolf? Or a vamp-human? Is that even possible?" He asked about one more thing to his father. "Well, when he tells us who the father is, then we'll worry about the creature status." Carlisle said, still wondering over how his innocent son fell pregnant. Or how it was even possible with his son. Forget the vampire status he has; what about the male part? Rosalie sighed. "So...where is he?" She asked him. "He told me he was going to do something, then he would be back around two." Carlisle looked to his watch, "he should be back anytime now." Jasper looked to them all. "How do we confront him about this type of issue?" He didn't think he was anything but moral support, and babies weren't his department. "As a family. We can't just...let him think this changes anything in the family. Think it as an oncoming Cullen." Rosalie advised them all. That certainly perked up Emmett and Alice. "I guess it kind of is like Ed bringing home another Cullen. Like a newborn." "Literally!" Alice claimed. Carlisle smiled. "Wonderful. Now remember, we need to find out the father, and how far is he. We need to show him support and be considerate of his feelings. This is no doubt frightening and stressful for him. He's carrying a whole other life inside him...somewhere wherever the womb was made. I need to look this up." He muttered and disappeared for a book before coming back with it. "Well, as such as I see...the womb might be located just in line with his navel." He flipped a few pages. "Wow...he's gonna grow really big then..." Emmett dragged on, receiving a slap from Rose. "Don't even think of calling him big when he grows either. That can hurt his feelings." She hissed heatedly. "Oh...I thought it was a good thing when a person grew with the baby? Doesn't it mean they're healthy?" Emmett asked with confusion. "It does, but he'll be sensitive about his weight and what he looks like now that he's having a baby." Esme claimed gently. "His hormones will be out of balance." Jasper picked up a different book that Carlisle brought out and opened it, "well, apparently his body will make room for the making of the birth canal and...the opening." "The opening?" Alice asked innocently. "The vulva, Alice." Carlisle told her delicately. Alice blinked her gold eyes. "Is that a..." She dragged out the last word. Carlisle nodded, knowing what she meant, but didn't want to say. Alice made a silent 'oh'. "Well...that'll be painful." She said in sympathy for her poor brother. Emmett looked between his father and brother. "Where do you get these books, dude?" He asked what was going off in his head. "Aro sent it many years ago as a tease of one of the men in my family growing promiscuous." Carlisle claimed and flipped the page. "Who?" Emmett blinked with a grin.- "You." Emmett frowned instantly. "Asses." He grumbled and sat back on the couch with his DS. Esme gazed over Carlisle's shoulder to read the book. "Well, the baby should take after Edward the most since vampires are a dominant creature. Unless the father is an Incubus, werewolf, or a lunar baby: the baby will be just like Edward in creature and features since he's the mother in technical terms." Esme thought the baby would be very cute! Her son was a handsome man and the baby would be very cute in looking like him. "There's nothing dominant about Edward." Alice murmured. "Alice!" Jasper warned her once. "Sorry. It just came up. I'll be supportive, and be the best aunt ever!" She promised. "This can be a good thing." Rosalie claimed lightly with a smile. "This is TERRIBLE!" Edward sped into the house and dropped a small bag onto the floor when he entered the living room. Carlisle looked at his son when he came in from the kitchen quickly. "What is it, son?" He asked worriedly. Edward motioned to the bag. "It's all true! This shouldn't even be possible!" He claimed and crossed his arms over his chest before putting his thumb nail in his mouth. Esme took the bag up and took out an object that turned out to be a pregnancy test that read positive. "Oh, baby. It's not the end of the world." She cooed softly. Edward gave her a look that plainly said she was totally wrong. "This isn't possible, yet here it is." He waved at the bag before falling into a chair with an exhaled breath. Rosalie looked him up and down and saw the signs of a pregnant man in the making, and she had some sympathy for her brother. "Well...what are you going to do?" She asked slowly. The family looked to Edward who shrugged. "What can I do but...take care of it? It's already done and I think it's fast-growing." He commented. Jasper looked to his brother's abdomen. It didn't seem swollen yet...so how far was he? He didn't try and ask since he thought he would too blunt and inconsiderate with his words. Alice did it instead. "Okay...so how long until a ta-da makes a grand appearance?" She asked carefully. Edward paused before. "well, I think a month and a half covers two months together, so...five and a half months; probably not even if this grows any faster." He calculated in his head. Carlisle did the math. "A month already, son? Why not tell me sooner?" He asked gently, sitting on the coffee table in front of his guilty son. "How would you have reacted to this, Carlisle? I mean...really? Pregnancy with vampires?" Edward asked sarcastically. "Son, this is very serious. We have approximately four months until a birth, and we don't even know who the other parent is." Carlisle chided lightly, not wanting to upset his son. Edward huffed. "Other parent. Hilarious." He grumbled. "Did they quit?" Rosalie asked quickly. "Right when the proof was shown." Edward claimed darkly. "Bastard." Rosalie hissed, ready to find the man and force him to be a father. Esme gave a look to her daughter that halted any hunt downs. "Edward, sweetie; we can do this ourselves. Why not go take bath and relax? I put some bubble baths in there for you." She urged him to relax for the baby's sake. Edward agreed to a bath and he disappeared, forgetting about his cell phone that was on the table. Emmett snatched up the phone and instantly went through it, getting a look from Rosalie for doing so. "We need to know who the father is. I'm his big brother, and dammit I'm going to find out who knocked him up." He claimed in a mutter and scrolled through texts. Jasper nodded in agreement of being a protective brother all of a sudden and Alice rolled her eyes at how they both went so quickly into Protective Brothers Over Pregnant Brother Mode. "Here you are, asshole." Emmett said in victory when he spotted a conversation between Edward and someone obviously the father from Edward telling him he was needed, and that he was a dick for doing this and just leaving. "Who is it?" Jasper asked quickly. "Uh...Jacob...Black?" He stopped at that name and became shocked. "Jacob Black...a mutt on the reservation is the father?" He turned to Alice who had a light bulb go off in her head. "That must be why I can't see the baby or the father! He's a mutt!" She said softly, hearing the taps still going upstairs where their brother had retreated to so he could relax and be alone. "It makes perfect sense on why he wouldn't tell me either. Both of them broke the treaty and must have crossed onto both lands, breaking the treaty for each other." Carlisle sounded more understanding on why his son was afraid to say anything on the pregnancy. In all rights, both parties broke the treaty and could call the other to war. His son must want to avoid a war, and willingly raise the child alone to avoid a blood bath that could very well kill him and the baby. Esme looked understanding as well. "Well, no one's calling war. We should get this boy over here and talk to him, and inform him that this child is his responsibility as well. Edward shouldn't be doing this alone." She claimed firmly. "For holding off a war or not." Carlisle nodded in full agreement. "Yes; Emmett, call the boy on the home phone, and tell him to come over and talk with us while Edward relaxes. He shouldn't be stressed." Emmett made the call, and Jacob sounded very surprised that Edward told them already. He was coming over in five minutes in wolf-mode, and was bringing someone else. "I wonder who he's bringing..." Alice muttered, looking out the windows for the mutt. "Maybe some he knows?" Jasper questioned. Rosalie hummed. "It better not be his imprint. Is he even imprinted?" She asked quickly. Emmett disagreed. "No way. If he was imprinted he couldn't have been with Ed. I mean...it's like a law with them. When they imprint, they don't see anyone else at all. They wont even look at someone else." He told her. "Well, we'll have to see when they get