Dark Memories Warnings: Past mentions of rape/gang-raped, murder/rape. Summary: 45 years ago, Edward left Bella. She is now living humanly and is happy. Or, at least Edward keeps telling himself that. DARK-STORY "This is a nice restaurant, dear." Esme told Carlisle, sitting next to him with a smile. Carlisle nodded with a smile back, "Yes, I thought so as well. Just a small family moment for us." Family...what a wrong word to use nowadays. Without Bella around anymore: family was a useless term to me. Many years had passed me by with Bella being human somewhere as she aged. She could very well be dead by now. She would be sixty-two today, September 13th. It was the real reason we were coming out tonight; we were silently celebrating a human's birthday whom I wished back with me like when she was seventeen. Bella Swan was aging, but I wasn't; and that was the most depressing thought ever. "Edward?" Jasper nudged me with his elbow. I blinked and turned to him, then to Carlisle who he motioned to with his eyes. "Yes?" I asked him. 'I asked if you would like to light a candle again?' He asked me in his head, a sorrowful tone and gleam in his eyes. "What's the point? It won't bring her back." I huffed lightly, looking away from him and fending off the venom pooling in my eyes. "It's the thought that counts, sweetheart. You've been doing it for so long now; don't break your tradition." Esme rubbed my arm lightly. 45 years later, and a single wish I had asked for over and over never came true. "C'mon, Ed. It's a special day. Don't be so hard on yourself." Emmett told me lowly so no humans passing by with their families and friends didn't overhear. "Hard on myself?" I looked at him. I was being hard on myself? I hadn't really noticed. He nodded, "Edward, it's been 45 years. We all miss her, but beating yourself up for a judgment call for the rest of eternity isn't worth it. She's probably lived a good, long, happy life, alright? We can only be happy for her." Alice nodded. "She'd want us to be happy, Edward. At least give yourself the chance." "No thanks. Just order the food, Carlisle." I told my father to just get this night over with. "...very well, son." The evening went on terribly slow, and I couldn't wait to end it. The food had no taste as always, the conversation was light as ever with the others talking nonstop about useless things, and Rosalie was cursing me in her mind for not being apart of the family once more. All was normal for all, and the night was miserable as the others. "Can you at least pretend to be happy tonight?" Rosalie finally set her fork down and looked at me with gold eyes. "Leave him alone, Rose." Jasper defended me; the normal when it came to most days. "He's doing fine." "Are you seriously just going to sit there and act like you didn't make the right choice?" Rosalie went on. Alice made a noise directed at Rosalie, "Rose. Stop." "No," She shook her head. "I'm tired of the moping and groaning, Edward. It's been 45 years, let her go." She hissed lowly. I gave her one look, set down my fork and napkin that had been on my lap, and stood up with Carlisle starting to plead to me not to leave with Esme joining. "I lost my mate, Rosalie. The least you can do is show some pity." I told her, fending off the venom pooling in my eyes over the mention of Bella once more. Rosalie started to re-think her statements, but it was too late now, "Excuse me. I'm driving back to the house now; enjoy your night." "Edward, don't leave!" Alice pleaded with me from the table as I walked away, ignoring their calls and Jasper's 'way to go, Rosalie'. I wasn't staying tonight. Bella's birthday was too emotional for me, and I didn't feel like breaking down crying in a restaurant full of nosy humans that wouldn't understand why I was completely upset. Later in the morning hours, after Carlisle called off work for some reason, I was sitting alone in my room – as normal – and simply staring a single picture I had of Bella and myself when she was young and beautiful. I bet Bella was still beautiful now if she was alive in her old age. I wonder if she still had her spark of defiance and cheeky words of sarcasm. Bella really had been the best woman I had ever known. She even surpassed my own birth mother, which seemed impossible to do before she came along. My Bella in the picture had her long, beautiful chocolate hair cascading down her back. Her warm brown eyes were looking to the camera with a smile on her ivory face. I was next to her smiling back at the camera, too. This football game we had both gone to had been a perfect night to me; we had been together, and that was that mattered to me. "Edward?" A soft knock on my door alerted me that Carlisle had actually come up here. "What?" I asked him, not bothering to be polite right now as I set the important picture on the window sill; the snowy backdrop of Alaska was adding on the beauty of the picture I had frozen in my memories. Carlisle came in and sat down on the couch near me. "Son, please talk to me. I fear you're just getting worse by keeping all this inside you." "What are you talking about, Carlisle?" I asked him, turning my dark eyes to his light gold. "I'm talking about your mourning of Bella, son. You keeping all this to yourself isn't healthy. At least talk to me, Edward." Carlisle pleaded me. I sighed in my head and probably outside it. "I'm fine, Carlisle." "Stop lying to me, Edward. We all know very well you aren't fine." "What does that mean? If I recall correctly: some of you think I should just get over Bella, not talk about her." I reminded him scathingly while turning to look back out the window. Carlisle seemed very shocked at the hostile tone I used. "Edward..." "Just stop, Carlisle." I sneered and jump off the couch and to the middle of my room with speed. "I already know everyone's tired of all this. Sorry If I can't move past the one great thing that's ever happened to me, and sorry if I can't talk about it because I want to cry when I even picture Bella in my head...but I've spent 45 years wanting this girl back, and no one can give her back to me." I ranted off. "Edward, she's gone; she's sixty-two, son. She must have lived a good life. You have to believe that. You can find happiness again, son; you just need to stop looking in the past." Carlisle stood up as well, but stood near my couch as he spoke back to me more calmly and softly. "I have nothing but the past, Carlisle. I can't have my happiness because someone won't let me just go to the Volturri and end it there. No," I hissed. " SOMEONE just can't let go of one useless soul." "I will never let you go, Edward. If I can help you, then I will not give up on you. You're my first son; I can't let you go. Killing yourself isn't the answer..." He paused, "how long have you felt this way? That killing yourself will make it all better?" "Don't play doctor with me, Carlisle. I don't play shrink these days." I growled lowly at him, facing the bookshelf where the old withered copy of Wuthering Heights was innocently sitting with the collection of Romeo and Juliet , and That Was Then, This is Now. All were Bella's favorites... "I'm not playing with you, Edward Anthony. How long have you thought of killing yourself?" I rolled my eyes. "Play with Rosalie or something, Carlisle. I'm not in the mood." I chose not to answer him. How could you say that you felt this way for 45 years now? Without Bella: life was completely useless. Immortality was nothing when you didn't have your partner beside you. Days and months past by, and nothing was getting better. If at all...it was getting worse. I couldn't get one second alone unless hunting, and I wasn't attempting to do even that. Maybe if I starved I would be able to see Bella again. It seemed like I didn't have to starve though. Tricks on a mind were doing just fine on its' own. Bella was everywhere I looked. Her youthful figure was always lingering somewhere in the house, a smile was always on her face, and her brown eyes always sparkled. It was starting to worry Jasper who claimed to have been feeling spikes of hope and longing in me on random occasions. All thought I was about to take a daring dash away, but I wasn't going anywhere if Bella lingered here with me. "Edward, can we talk?" Rosalie was at my door, interrupting my hundredth examination of Bella who stood at my bookshelf staring back at me as she leaned on the black furniture. "Go ahead." I invited her in neutrally, not bothering to look at her since Bella was more important. She came in, and took a glance at where I was staring before, "Edward, I want to know the truth." Rose declared. I blinked and turned my eyes to her bright ones. When had she hunted? She hadn't left the house in the last three days... "The truth? On what?" I asked her, deeply curious on what she meant. She seemed to hesitate before she asked me the oddest question. "Do you see Bella?" I had to freeze at her question while giving a slow blink. I heard Bella give a soft gasp, " She's going to take me away from you... " Bella sounded so afraid, and I couldn't just let her be afraid. "I asked you a question, Edward." Rosalie interrupted my rapid thoughts of how to make Bella feel better. "Why would you even ask me that, Rosalie?" I questioned her, deeply curious on why. "Because we need to know if you see her. Do you see Bella?" My sister repeated her question once more in a more slow fashion. I paused... "Why would I tell you if I did?" She grew a strange look on her face at the tone of my voice; blank, and nothing in it. "Why wouldn't you?" She countered. "Why should I have to?" "Stop playing games, Edward. Just answer the da-" Rosalie started to curse at me, but was cut off my Jasper appearing in my door way. "That's enough, Rose." He stopped her from continuing. "You know we need -" "I said," Jasper started again, "that's enough. Go do something with Alice, and leave Edward alone." He ordered her, a dark glower in his honey eyes. I couldn't help but twitch my lips at Rosalie's scoff of being told what to do, and I turned away from both siblings to look back at Bella. She gave me a smile as thanks of not letting them take her. I would give anything for her to make her happy. Just a few days past since then, and I was looking out the window into the forest past the snowy grounds of the house. I was awfully hungry, but if I ate, Bella would be gone. "Edward?" I made a noise, not answering back to Carlisle who was in my room now. "Edward, you cannot sit here any longer. You need to hunt, Edward." Carlisle said firmly, standing behind me now. "Not right now." I told him softly. "Why not, Edward? Son, it's been