Only Young and Running Wild Summary: It's not known to many people, but Mike Newton has a twin sister, Liccy Newton, who happens to be returning to Forks with a bang in her wake. TWINCEST. Mentioned suicide. "Tyler!" Mike collided with his best bud, forcing the black boy to lean against the lockers and not bump into Emmett Cullen who moved away when Mike literally ran into Tyler purposely. "What, Mike?" Tyler sighed and pushed off the blonde who looked terrified. "Dude, are you okay? You look like you saw a ghost." Tyler was instantly worried. "She's back." Mike whispered in fear. Tyler narrowed his dark eyes. "She? She who?" He asked. "She! It! The devil himself! The apocalypse! She's back!" Mike whispered fearfully and looked around the five Cullens who were looking oddly at the Newton boy who seemed like he was waiting for a strike against him. Tyler grew even more confused. "Okay, dude, relax. I don't understand you at all. Who is back? You're grandmother?" He asked carefully. Mike huffed, still looking fearful as he let his back go to the lockers as if fending off an attack from behind. Tyler stood in front of him and looked worriedly at his old childhood friend. "I would rather my hellish grandmother be back on Earth and force me into a church than it being back in town. She's in school, too. She's watching us." He whispered urgently. Tyler looked his friend up and down. "What are you smoking, dude?" "I wouldn't let myself be in the open like that. We must be alert! She could be anywhere. Waiting for us to drop our guard and attack us! Stay alert!" Mike hissed and ran off, leaving Tyler wondering if he should take his buddy into the hospital for a doctor to look him over. Tyler shook his head and went to open his locker, still worrying over his buddy for three seconds after he opened his locker before he slammed it shut, looking whiter than Mike was now. "Oh god! She is back!" Tyler said horrified and ran off to find Mike. "MIKE!" Tyler called out fearfully down the hall, leaving the other students to be confused, and the Cullens to be amused and confused at the same time as they wondered what was inside the lone black boy's locker. "So, she's back?" Jessica said slowly, looking Mike up and down as he looked like a paranoid crack addict that was coming off a high. Tyler at least looked composed though he was looking around the classroom they were in like he was expecting someone to pop in and scare them to death. "Yes!" Mike hissed, keeping his head low on the desk, getting confused looks from the two Cullens inside the class like the other students were giving the poor Newton boy. "She's here! She's waiting for me to drop my guard to attack me in her hellish ways. She's somewhere in this school!" He hissed urgently and looked around again. Jessica looked to Tyler who nodded. "I saw the sign in my locker this morning. She's here, Jess." Tyler urged on calmly and softly, unlike Mike who was looking like an escaped convict now as he slid under his desk for his safety in his mind. "Whatever is in Mike's locker scared him to death, Jess. Look at him!" Tyler pointed to Mike. "Don't give me away!" Mike hissed at him, making Tyler surrender. "Okay, Mikey, you're going to a doctor after school." Jessica swore and went back to her essay. "Will they keep her away from me?" Mike asked hopefully, his baby blue eyes going wide. Jessica nodded. "Yes, Mikey. They'll keep her far away you." She promised slowly. "Thank god." Mike breathed out, still under his desk. "Michael Newton?" A teacher called out, causing Mike to bang his head on his desk in scared shock. "I'll take it Mrs. Cope." Jessica told her and went to her to get the note. Mike looked to Jessica like a rabbit ready to flee when he saw the note in her hand. "Just read the note, Mike. It won't bite you." Jessica cooed softly. Mike snatched the note out her hand and inspected it, like it was going to come alive and eat his soul in Emmett's amused mind. When the blonde opened the note slowly and read whatever was on it, he immediately stood up, his desk falling over as he screamed bloody murder like a girl and ran for his life, dropping the note and startling the teacher and the students. Jessica blinked and picked up the note to read it with Tyler reading it over her shoulder, making him sigh and her sigh as well. "She really is back." Jessica muttered to herself as she reread the note before putting it on her desk. "Mike is terrified of her." Tyler commented as he fixed the desk and put Mike's backpack next to his so he could give it back if he ever found the Newton boy again. He was most likely halfway to Canada with how fast he ran out of the room screaming. "Why? She's harmless. Like a kitten really." Jessica insisted to him. Tyler snorted. "She's the devil." He told her back. She rolled her blue eyes. "Well, what did he do to anger her then?" "He played a prank on her, and when she was sent to her grandmother's house for some reason he couldn't stop or something, she swore revenge on him and now he's paranoid that she's back to get her final revenge and kill him or something." Tyler chuckled though he looked around the room expecting her to pop up or something. Jessica sighed as she picked up her pen. "Well, she's back now so all we can do is keep Mike from being locked up in an asylum with how crazy he's acting over her." Tyler sighed as he picked up his own pen to continue his essay that Mike wouldn't even touch because of his paranoia. "I just hope she doesn't get us in her revenge. She's brutal." He swore. Jessica giggled. "I like her, She's a sweet little angel." "Her father thinks that as well. He's never experienced her wrath like Mike has." "Oh well. She's back so there's nothing we can do but ride this crazy train until the end and hope this town doesn't burn down." Jessica stated. Tyler sighed and nodded. It couldn't get worse. Right? "Okay, Mike, she hasn't been here all day! We haven't seen her in any class at all! I haven't seen her in the halls or the bathrooms! Let it go and let's go to lunch." Jessica pleaded, feeling very hungry. Mike looked down the hall again, seeing barely any students in the hall other than the Cullens who always wanted to go to the lunch room late for some reason. "She's here. I can feel her hellfire in my skin." He insisted with a whine, looking so out of control and scared. Tyler sighed. "Okay, dude. We searched this school head to toe! She isn't here! Let it go!" He begged his friend. "Dude, I'm worried about you! Are you on something?" He asked. Mike glared at his friend. "Hardly! I can't let myself be in the open! Being under the influence is what she's hoping for. To catch me and drag me to hell!" He hissed quietly and stayed inside his barely opened locker. He fit perfectly inside the locker that was officially cleaned out of everything that Jessica and Tyler were forced to put in their lockers. Jessica sighed. "Oh god! No more horror movies, Mikey! You know what they do to you!" Jessica ordered, looking as worried as Tyler who on the verge of forcing him out of the locker to eat something. "They keep me alert for her ways." Mike hissed, letting the locker close. Tyler shook his head. "Mike, get out of that locker. You'll suffocate!" He ordered and went for the combo, but when Mike banged on the locker to stop him, the black boy jumped away in freight. "Don't touch it." Mike hissed. "Okay, Mikey. We won't touch the locker." Jessica promised . Tyler looked to the Cullens that were a few lockers down. "I'm getting him out of that locker." He swore to Jessica who nodded. "Go for it." Jessica gave the free reign that made Tyler go down the hall to the Cullens. "Look, I know we don't talk or anything, but Mike's been paranoid all day, and we can't get him out of his locker now." Tyler summed up to the amused Cullens "And you want us to get him out?" Alice hummed politely, leaning against Jasper Hale who was leaning on the lockers with an arm around her tiny waist. Tyler nodded. "If you can. He's hissing, biting, and kicking, and someone needs to get him out of that locker before he suffocates himself in fear." He insisted, looking desperate. Emmett Cullen nodded with an amused look. "Alright, I'll get him out. What's the combo?" He asked and leaned off the wall and away from Rosalie Hale. Tyler gave the combo to the bear-like Cullen who was so amused by the hissing the Newton boy did when he was opening the locker and pulled him right out. "Alright, there you go." Emmett chuckled and closed the locker. Tyler held onto his buddy. "Thanks a bunch. Let's go to the nurse now, Mikey." He nodded and dragged his friend in the direction of the nurse with Jessica following with a sigh and a shake of her head at the oddness of her crush. "No! She'll find me!" Mike pleaded and held onto whatever he could on the way there. Tyler held onto the Newton boy as much as he could. "Mikey, the nurse has to look at you okay? I think you're having an aneurism or something!" He pleaded. "It's what she wants!" Mike hissed and bit his friend's arm. "OUCH!" Tyler immediately let go of the Newton, letting him dash off somewhere when Emmett missed catching him. "He bit me." Tyler told Jessica who looked stunned and looked to the bite mark on Tyler's forearm. "He actually bit me, the bastard!" He cursed. "We have to find him now! What if he hurts himself in his paranoia?" She asked frightened for her friend. Tyler nodded and dashed after the Newton with Jessica following. "Michael!" Jessica shouted when she exited the building to look for her friend. She was so hungry, but she guessed that lunch could wait until next period. She would skip her next class for she could eat. The teachers would understand. "Michael, come out of the trash can." The principal asked softly as he tried to handle this odd situation with his usually happy-go-lucky sophomore who looked very unstable in the man's mind right now, like he had been all day. "It's what she wants." Mike hissed, his blue eyes peering from the trash flap. "She's out there." He insisted, going back in to the empty trash can. He had taken out all the trash and hid himself inside, to where Tyler, Jessica, Lauren, or even his buddy Tanner couldn't get him out. "Michael, whoever you're talking about isn't here. Now, why don't we hide in my office instead." Principal Johnson suggested. At least then he could have the poor boy checked out by Doctor Cullen who was on his way to deal with this situation. "She's waiting to attack! She's in the school!" The Newton stated surely as he peered out again, ignoring the vacated hall that was once filled with his classmates that were wondering if the kid had been possessed or something when they started to go home. The Cullens were still there, on Tyler's plead of talking Mike out of the trash, plus their father was on the way so of course they would stay and replay what they