Chapter 1 I watch the way his hand moves the pencil across the page. Smooth yet strong, his hands possess a mesmerizing quality of their own. It's been a month since I saw him planting the bushes. When I first saw him, my heart nearly jumped out of my chest. So much has changed. Peeta and I have been through hell and back, together, and each in our own ways. We've lost nearly everything except for each other and growing back together has been a challenge to say the least. When I first started inviting him over for breakfast with Greasy Sae, he shifted back and forth on his feet, nervously. I couldn't expect him to know what he wanted. We both had changed so much. 'What if he didn't want to be my friend anymore?' I had told myself. 'He certainly couldn't love me the way he used to.' "Katniss?" He glances at me, his mouth slightly turned up, as if to know I've gotten lost in my own world, again. "Sorry, I was just thinking." I pause before I continue. We had promised to be honest with each other. Promised to share our feelings to help grow back together. "I was thinking about us. Our friendship." I swallow slowly, watching as his eyes light up. "I think about us a lot, too." He responds. And with that he continues to sketch. I haven't seen his work, yet. I've simply been sitting here, allowing the warmth of the fire to engulf the room. It's a nice feeling. Fire doesn't scare me as much as it used to. It doesn't bring back the haunting thoughts as much. At least not when Peeta is with me. The nightmares continue to plague me, every night, however. I know they bother him, too. We hear each other scream at night and every morning, when we see each other again, we note the dark circles under our eyes. We don't dare to speak of them though. I don't speak of my nightmares for fear of triggering something in him. I don't know if I could forgive myself if Peeta had yet another episode because of me. I'm to blame for too much already. It's my fault he's so broken. And, that's when the tears begin to fall. I know I won't be able to keep the sobs to myself as my shoulders begin to shake. I can feel Peeta's eyes on me as he's stopped drawing. I clear my throat and walk to the bathroom. I can't let him see me like this. Why am I always the one to break down? My body hits the side of the wall and I slide down, my limbs feeling numb. I'm trembling and it's all I can do not to throw myself against the wall, willing this feeling of overwhelming sadness to end. I hear the doorknob jiggle and know that Peeta has discovered I locked the door on him. I knew he would try to follow me as he's always the one to try and help put me back together. I just need a moment to myself, though. As I hear his footsteps retreat to the living room, I take a few deep breaths, like Dr. Aurelius told me to do. Calming myself down, I stand up, shakily, bracing myself against the sink. The cool water feels good against my flushed cheeks and puffy eyes. Taking a moment, I view my reflection and I'm not sure what I see. Certainly not the mockingjay. I see a shell of a person. Someone who once had the will to fight but has been broken and torn every which way by a war even she didn't understand. And, it is in that moment that I remind myself that Peeta is just as broken, if not more so. I dry my face and brace myself for what I'm about to face as I walk out of the bathroom and back into the living room. "I'm sorry about that." I barely whisper. I look up and see his soft eyes watching mine. "It's okay, Katniss. I understand. Sometimes I just have to get up and have a minute to myself as well. I just wanted to make sure you were alright." His eyes don't falter and he continues to watch me, a glimmer of sadness hidden behind those blue eyes. Slowly, my feet carry my body back over to the spot where I was sitting, next to him, but not close enough to view what he had been working on. My curiosity has gotten the best of me as I twirl my hair around my finger, trying not to steal glances his way. He's content as he continues to sketch his pictures and I'm listening to the fire crackling on. It's then when I suddenly speak up, brave enough to share what was bothering me only minutes before. "I'm sorry about everything, Peeta. This would have never happened if it weren't for me." And that's when it all comes pouring out. "The games, the lies, your hijacking and this now, it's all my fault. I'm so sorry for causing you pain and confusion and I just wish I could express myself in an easier way. I've never been good at this but I'm trying. I want to be better." My eyes don't leave the ground and I continue to nervously play with my hair which is very unlike me. I can tell how anxious I am because everything in my core is screaming to run away, lock myself in my room and wait for whatever this is to dissipate. It seems like forever when he lets out a deep breath. My eyes flit up in his direction and I see him smiling sadly. He slowly brings himself closer to me, pausing for just a fraction of a second, letting me set the pace as always. The next thing I know he's embracing me in a soft, yet incredibly strong hug. His body is filled with warmth and I can hear the gentle beat of his heart. We sit like this for a good minute and I can feel his chest rise and fall with each breath. It's as if he's trying to find the right words and I don't blame him. "I don't blame you and I wish you would stop blaming yourself, Katniss. We all lost things in this war and that isn't because of you, but because of the horrible people that were power-hungry. Despite all of the awful things I've had to experience, at least I got to know you better and I'm thankful for that." He squeezes a little tighter as he says this last part, I'm sure to try and reassure me of our friendship. "Thank you." I manage to squeak out my meager appreciation for his kind words but I know he understands that this is all I can say right now. It may be difficult, but I promise myself, silently, that I will try my best to forgive myself and believe Peeta, because even after all of this time, he has yet to betray my trust. Before I know it, my stomach lets out a low grumble and Peeta removes himself from my grasp as I stare up at him with a lopsided grin. "I guess I didn't realize how late it was getting. I must be hungry." I chew on my bottom lip contemplating whether or not to ask him to stay, because so far, he's only been around for breakfast. Before I know it, the words escape my mouth and I'm kind of glad they do as I know my brain is still having trouble processing certain thoughts. "Would you like to stay and eat?" The comforting smile he gives me is reassurance enough that I have done something to bring him a small bit of joy. He pushes himself off of the couch, extending a hand out to me and we head toward the kitchen together. Since Peeta and I have been spending more time together, Greasy Sae has stopped by less and less to check in on me. She still brings the occasional items from the new market, in town, as she knows going there is something I cannot manage at this time. However, I have been managing to feed myself quite well, even if my cooking is less than stellar compared to Sae's culinary skills. As I begin to pull out plates, to set the table, Peeta is searching the pantry and looks at me with a devious gleam in his eye. "How about some cheese buns?" He asks even though he already knows the answer. As he busies himself to prepare my favorite of his items, I glance in the refrigerator to find something to throw together. There's some chicken left over that Sae had brought by and I decide that grilling this up and adding some spices together will do nicely. Along with this, I pull out a few vegetables and the other necessary items that Peeta requires. We cook and bake in silence as is quite normal for us. Sometimes, no words are needed, and things are comfortable as they used to be. We listen to the wind outside and the shuffling of our feet brings us peace because we both know that neither of us is spending this evening alone. We have each other's company and that is enough for now. Because of the smell of meat and noise in the kitchen, Buttercup comes slinking down the stairs, eyes still half closed, no doubt from his late evening nap. I swear all that cat does is sleep, but after Prim died and he returned to find me, we've grown to have a tolerant understanding of each other. He is there sleeping at the foot of my bed at night and I throw him the occasional piece of food, knowing all too well that he's growing on me. He approaches my feet and begins purring softly as he rubs himself along my legs. "Looks like Buttercup is playing friendly for a bit of food, eh?" Peeta looks at me and grabs a chunk of chicken off the counter to toss it in the cat's direction. Buttercup hungrily chews his prize and then takes a seat on the chair in the living room, facing us as we continue to work. Within a few minutes, we've prepared a nice, warm dinner and I'm smiling more than I have in a long time. We take our time eating, savoring each bite of our food. Peeta and I still understand what life used to be like and I think neither of us intends on not appreciating the abundance of food we have compared to what we used to get. I'm still very thin but my body is gaining back its curves and each morning as I look into the mirror, I see a change in my appearance. Peeta appears much stronger as well. He's gained back some of his muscle and he doesn't look as shattered as he did when I first saw him after the hijacking. I know he still gets episodes. Dr. Aurelius even told me this. But, he convinced me that Peeta has been given plenty of coping mechanisms and emergency medicine to help reduce the effects of an oncoming episode. I clear my throat softly and Peeta's eyes move up to my level. "When we're done with dinner, do you mind if I see what you were sketching earlier?" I pause, worried about continuing. His expression is unreadable. "It's just, you looked very concentrated and I'd love to see what you drew. My mind was kind of preoccupied earlier." His hand reaches out, across the table, and gently grazes mine. "Sure." It's the only word he utters as he retreats his hand and casts his eyes back onto his plate. Peeta has always been a kind soul and very trusting. He opens himself up to