Fates Mirror Disclaimer: Tolkien and all of his works do not belong to me in any form or way, I never planned in the past to make money from this nor do I plan or want to do so in the future! This is just plain Fan-work, nothing more. Type; Oneshot Rating; PG Summary; Little Faramir goes onto the adventure of his life. Pairings; Legolas/Faramir (kind of). Characters appearing in the story; Thranduil, Denethor, Legolas, Faramir, (Less in person but mentioned) Gandalf, Boromir, Estel/ Aragorn, Elladan, Elrohir, Elrond, Galadriel, Isildur, Elendil, Anarion, and others. Genre; AU Warnings, This is slightly AU! My grammar and stile since I am Native German and this has not been beta read! Other; This is a bit dark in some ways, at least to me. I tried to not go with the Canon in which Thranduil is a complete jerk the most of the times. I happen to like him, yup, nods. However, I believe he can be ruthless if he wants to get a point across to someone. Furthermore, this story is a dark and slightly different take on a German fairytale called the Earlking I think in English. I German it is der Erlkönig for those who can read my language. Notes: I took on a challenge on the; Faramir Fiction Archive last night. This, points down, somehow did not let me get some sleep, so I wrote it down until 01.00 a clock in the morning! * 6th Anniversary Challenge: Green Apples By Geale Posted 13 March 2010 I challenge anyone to pair Faramir with… Legolas, I think, in a story that contains at least three – green – apples (possible more, but definitely green), a huge mirror, a tiny book and one boot. Absolutely no mpreg and no dogs allowed! There's no need to take this request seriously at all but all items must appear. And it doesn't have to be a steamy romance either… as long as the apples are green.* Well, this is what I made out of it…hope you and Geale will enjoy it^^ Please leave me a nice feedback if you wish, Suryallee Fates Mirror "This is unacceptable, he is the only one that can inherit my seat! " Denethor, Steward of Gondor hollered through the throne room. His face red from his anger already bloomed with white blots of suppressed rage, what made his sight a truly unbecoming one to the observer. The one, known under many names as such as Gandalf just shrugged. "It is as it is, my Lord Steward. Your eldest son failed the challenge. The cursed thing did trap him in the end; your unrestrained wants put onto his young shoulders have made Boromir fail the test. Moreover, as you did say it yourself, only the one who is fated to be the next Steward of Gondor is able to manage this tool of evil. If one cannot withstand its seductiveness, then he is not the one who will one day rule Gondor in behalf of the rightful King!" He turned away from the enraged steward and moved to walk out of the room. As if he had an afterthought, his voice floated through the sunny summer air that innocently filled the room even when he had already reached the doors. "You know this all too, my Lord. Besides that you have two sons and not only one as you likes to pretend all the time." Sitting heavily down onto the lesser throne of Gondor, Denethor balled his hands into fists. Never! Never would he have allowed his youngest to become steward. It was always the older one of the brothers he had groomed for this task in the past, Boromir, who Denethor had molded after his own image to make him a worthy heir for Gondor's throne! The lesser son of him, the one that preferred Books to swordplay…in a fuel of anger the steward threw the tiny book from the small table next to his throne. His younger son had written it for his Lord Father in hopes to show him how much he had learned. In his childish hope it would make his father proud…he had been wrong. If anything, it made his father, the man he only was allowed to address with My Lord, even madder. In Denethor's mind, only a strong man could rule Gondor, a man like himself. And not a bookworm and wizards pupil like his weaker, lesser son! Faramir, the one who had cost his beloved wife her life while giving birth to the cursed child. He was not even certain of his fatherhood of the boy; he looked nothing like the members of his line nor did Faramir share their love for swords and fighting and taking what they wanted. That brat was a miracle if he had not known for certes that his wife had been absolutely faithful to him all the time, Denethor would have sworn that he was not his! He never saw the smallish form of a little boy move out of the room like a ghost. On order of the steward, the item in question was moved on the same day into a chamber of one of the abandoned towers to let it rot there…together with a tiny book, that was thrown inside the room uncaringly with it from Denethor itself. Two years came and went before the figure of a tiny child crept up the tall stone steps that lead up the abandoned old tower. A tiny and fair face, surrounded by unruly reddish blond locks, was set in a stubborn mask of childish determination to avenge his beloved big brother Boromir. Yup, little Faramir wanted to take revenge for his beloved brother. Boromir always gave him his cakes in the past! He would defeat the bad evil thing…whatever it was…and then bring his brother back. Then…maybe then his Lord Father would love him too? Further and further up the eight years old climbed the high set steps of the ancient staircase that had last seen the last king of Gondor step up upon them in the far past. Or so the tiny imp imagined it in his head. He had been six when he had mastered his writing skills enough to write a little book for his Lord Father. Nothing much, just a fairy tale he had made up to pass time. Now he was eight, well, nearly nine, but he did not look like it. Unlike his big brother, he still was no taller as a seven years old child and looked even younger as his right age too. Not even being smarter as all the other children of his age in Gondor together had made him grow up more in size…what angered his Lord Father all the time. He had told Faramir that Boromir had already wielded a small sword at his age, where Faramir could only passably use his knife yet. His early shown intelligence and able mind had been it what had made Gandalf take on him and teach the youth allots of things his Lord Father did not like him to learn like history. Faramir loved history! For a short moment, the tiny face filled with joy. Imagining heroes of long gone times and Elves…but he was forbidden to speak of them. All in Gondor were forbidden from it, they were no longer welcome here since ages past. Why, he had no real clue, only that it was so. Then his face settled back into a mask of comically grim determination to lay siege to the foul thing that took his brother away! Finally, an hour later the waif hit the last floor of the tower where the item had been thrown away into one of the reminding chambers there. Long unused from anyone, the tower itself was said to be fragile in the build. Eventually it would crumble from alone or be broken in to make place for a new one. Boromir had told Faramir that, to keep his little brother from going there when he was still around. Always he had worried about his little brother's safety. The first door Faramir tried was not bulging a bit. The door was not locked from the outside or inside but seemingly stuck for some reason or another. He shrugged and tried the next further down the hallway. Stepping through it, he fast saw why the other was stuck. Through a hole in the wall, he could see the lights of Gondor far down. The other room's ceiling and parts of the outer walls had crumbled in, now a thick wooden plank bolted the door closed. He had to walk a little while through abandoned rooms, stripped bare of all furniture and tapestries. Occasionally a broken old chair or other things stood abandoned in a corner or leaned at the walls. But even the child could see that this place must have been once grand and fair. On some of the walls, he still could make out lavish paintings of a great battlefield. Everywhere were dying Elves, men, and even Dwarfs. Faramir concluded out of this that they showed the great battle of the last Alliance when Lord Isildur had defeated Sauron in the past. Faramir had never liked the stories of said Lord much. He had always liked it much more to read about his Father Elendil and the first king of Gondor, Lord Anarion and promptly Faramir had been reprimanded from his Lord father because of this when he had once told this to a Guard. The ceilings were high and the rooms wide. Once, this place must have looked truly beautiful, now it was just a sad place full of old ghosts. On some places, the color still looked through the filth that now covered the tower rooms' walls. The tower was one of the older ones, out of the beginnings of Gondor. Faramir knew that from Gandalf. It was differently build from the most others. With wide-open spaces and waterspout's and artfully made Gargoyles on the outside rims, and in the past these rooms had held the grand suites of the former King's wife's or consort's in the past. Faramir tried to imagine children playing in here and smiled softly. It must have been wonderful to grow up in the old tower and suddenly he felt sad for the sorry look it had now. Three generations before his, the steward had closed it off fully, since the foundation was giving in and there was not enough money to repair the damages of time. In the end, he reached the room the old Tower Guard had told him about in the past, the room Faramir suspected his Lord Father's guards to have thrown the item into, along with his book. The latter had hurt Faramir greatly, since had worked so hard on it. In the past, this had once been the observation room of the old tower. Gripping his knife harder the youth tentatively gave the old Oakwood door a soft push. Nothing happened, the heavy thing refused to move. Scowling Faramir squared his tiny shoulder, sheathed his knife, a present of his doting big brother before he went to the three times cursed test, and pushed harder against the heavy old door. In the end, he had to use his entire body strength to move it just enough to let him slip past. It promptly snapped back closed after his entrance, the boy shrugged it off; Boromir could help him to push it open later. Inside it was surprisingly different as the rest of the tower before. It was not dark in here, and the walls still held some of their former coloring, a soft hue of green and dark blue. Great windows all around the walls let the last rays of the evening sun inside and some doves sat nesting in one of the near windows in the mists of the dust all around. Their purring made