The Moonhorse Dissclaimer; I do not want or plan to make any kind of profit or money with this story! Nor do I plan to do so in the future. The Works of J.R., like the lord of the rings and such belongs not to me in any way or form nor do I put any claim to them or the rights on them. They belong sorely to their rightful owners! *First I would like to point out some things here to all who are reading this, I Am Native German. That means my grasp on English isn't the best sometimes and I only write for my own fun and that of any who, who likes to read fan fiction and not for those who seem to make a living of it to harass others into no writing anymore at all…from those we have enough already, thank you. I, myself was a victim of those too and due my illness of my eyes and my low self-esteem I quit several times to write my stories. Please don't make me do so again. I did write this on a whim. As I often do. When I get an idea stuck in my head, I have to write it down, I hope others enjoy my little insanity too and ask humbly to overlook my errors. I am pretty sure there are allots of them. Since I have no Beta for this, please be kind when reading it. Also I am fairly sure I got some of the names wrong if so, the shame is on me. Suryallee The Moonhorse The voice of the old story teller filled the hall of Meduselt out... "The moon has its own horse, did you younglings know that? The mare is running along with it on the moons route over the heavens between the stars each night. Neighing its head and trotting sometimes after but running mostly to the fore of the moons path over the heavens. It is a Meara's, one of the old horses of that we Rohirim do ride the descendants of all over the plains of Rohan until today. In our legends of old, the first one born to the first couple of them was a little mare. Pale as snow and shining with a gentle silver light from the moment of her birth onwards and her name spells Moon-tide in other languages. Other as her later born brethren she always did run after the moon when it hung high in the sky. The Meara was only content when she could follow it over the land. Well knowing that the moon was too far away and that the mare could never reach it. She followed it nether less. Over the course of years she came to the very ocean that separates the land of Arda from Valinor to find out that she could go no further after her beloved round object in the sky. For a year and a day she did run along the shorelines to search a way over the vast body water and found none. And after the time she jumped into the water and simply swam after the moon. After two days she grew almost too tired to go on and Ulmo the Valar Lord of the waters took pity into the beautiful horse and gave it fins to swim and gills live in the water so she could follow the moon a little longer. The mare enjoyed her stay in the water for a time but then to Ulmo's and all of his water creatures sadness the old call got to her again and she finally stepped on the lands of the fair beings, Valinor. To follow from now on her old obsession all over the beautiful and us to second born forbidden lands of the first born and the Lords of the West. For a while the mare was content again to just run after the moon. Varda and the other lords and ladies of the west saw this with sorrow. They did want to keep the Meara with them, so great was the mares beauty and grace that no horse in Arda or beyond could match. But whatever stallion of the Elvin Horses they brought to her, none could hold her interest for longer as a day. Not even the stallion of the great hunter managed it to keep her longer from her track than a few days. The most others she did not even give a glance. Aye, proud are the horses of the kings and she, was no exception of that rule. And stubborn are they, what is too true too, as the Valar lords had to learn it too in those days, much to their chagrin. Tulkas finally voiced out what all of them thought and said, 'If the horses are already this unruly, how headstrong then will the people of the horse-lords be when they come into the great story of our world?' His words should ring true and to this day our people are often called stubborn, valiant and single-minded from others, just like the pale horse had been who followed the moon to Valinor in her persistence. Even from the people of the white city, Gondor who are our allies in this dark world we are called thus. One day the mare finally reached the end of even the holy lands of the west and when she could go no further she simply jumped off of the cliffs there out into the vast void that is the sky that holds the stars and the ships of the sun and the moon and the evening star. And the one that is above all else took pity in her like Ulmo before him and gave her white wings so she could follow Ithil and his ship through the heavens each night. And so, you children, it came to be that one of the Mearas of old runs over the heavens with the moon. Eternally it is his companion on the way over the heavens. And she is fully content to have it this way. To this very day it is told that some of us followed her on her path. That sometimes one of our own is struck by a bold of love or simply obsession so deeply that they follow their own moon to wherever it is leading them and if they have to cross the eternal ice or the ocean to reach them. Nothing will stop those doomed souls until they reach their goal, besides death." One of the children surrounding the old storyteller on Théoden's court in Meduselt was a young boy going by the name of Haleth. Another beside him was his cousin Eofine with his baby sister Ealfreda in his lap, suckling on her tiny thumb. Both of their fathers where Marshals of the great king of Rohan and sworn brothers through the marriage of Eofine's mother to his father who was the sister of Hama, Haleth's father. The blond haired boy, Eofine with his sparkling blue eyes was a year older as the more silent red haired boy next to him. But since the two had met while being no more than baby's they had been inseparable to any who that had tried. All of the adults were certain that they would be shield brothers when grown and smiled at the two boys with fondness and a certain pride. The two were loved by all of them. Next to the red head the blond moved when his mother came over and took the baby out of his lap. Protesting a little Eofine finally relented and gave Freda to his mother with a pout. He was known to care a great deal for his new baby sister and carried her proudly around each day with him, much to the chagrin of the adults who loved the little trouble causer all the more for it. Even being just seven right now, Eofine had already gained a reputation to be a prankster. And many feared to be the receiving end of one of his pranks since he had reached the age of fife. Almost always at his side, Haleth was often the only one who could stop him from getting into trouble. Although many suspected, rightfully, that the most of the duos sometimes devilish pranks had been hatched inside of the, oh so silent and solemn child. It was just…that more often than not, the adults could not provide enough evidence to trace the pranks back to the youth or that he had been involved in them in the first place! And Haleth, he merely smiled slightly and hid his thoughts behind a veil of thick red hair that was so rare under the mostly blond haired Rohirim. Even his parents often told that they could not fathom what was going through the youngsters cunning mind all of the time. He was already known for it to be smart, cunning and sometimes to be a little bit too wise for his six years of age. Many wondered and mused in silence what was going on inside of his mind and what he would become when grown. A conciliator, of that strangely no one had a doubt. Like his always calm mother was it already, or a great Marshall of the king or his son Theodreth, like Haleth's father. He had the thick unruly hair of his father and the brown almost golden eyes of his mother. Harvest Moon eyes called Haleth's people this particular shade of brown that was bordering on gold when the owner got the mood, be it anger or happiness. When they had these emotions, they shone often almost golden, like the yellow moon in the harvest month in the end of the summer. Add to it the strange blood red shade that his hair held when the light was shining right he made a stunning sight already just being a child as he was it now. The ladies of the king's court made already bets on the golden and the fire child as they had duped Eofine and Haleth secretly under themselves of how many hearts they would break when grown up and often giggled like young maids then. Not even Hama had this shade of red being a slight red head himself and often wondered about it from who his only heir had gotten it from. Sure his house was called the fire house of Rohan but never in the history that he could remember one of the members of his house had been born with such a fiery red hair. The tall and broad shouldered man shook his own mob of wild hair and finally uncrossed his arms to scoop the tired looking boy up in them to put him to his bed in the halls of Meduselt. He cast one look of growing concern at his king on his way out who looked more tired each day. His wife fell in step with him almost immediately and both shared an alarmed look. Theoden was behaving oddly and stranger with each passing day. In the late he only trusted what Hama and his wife had duped the Snake in his counsels and no longer the aging king searched for the wisdom of his wife. Hama saw this all with growing trepidation, he was sure that something fishy was going on but couldn't put a finger to it what it could be, darn it! Looking down at the child in his arms he noticed startled that the boy seemed wide awake and not half asleep as he had thought. Haleth was staring at the dark man covertly hidden from Hama's tunic that whispered urgently to the lately so old looking king with much too old looking eyes for a six winter old child to have. "What ails you, Haleth?" Hama couldn't help to ask. The look in his son's eyes was too strange to