When I came to consciousness, it was very, very dark. I couldn't see a thing- it was as if somebody had tied a blindfold over my eyes or turned off all of the lights. But I could hear people murmuring around me in a language with sharp accents that I couldn't understand. And when I reached out to try to find something, anything, my hand brushed against something cold. The cold thing- a hand- immediately recoiled at my touch, and I cringed at how fast it pulled away. At this, the voices began talking faster and louder. "Edward, ne pas la revellier! " One voice exclaimed, the speaker's tone chastising. " Desolee, Carlisle. Il a été un accident." a smooth, velvet voice responded. This voice sounded closer to me than the others, though I still couldn't be sure where exactly it was coming from. I ground my teeth in frustration- if I could only see, then I would know if there was someone next to me, and find out whose hand I had touched! I attempted to raise my hand to my eyes, but something stopped me. It felt rubbery and cold, easily bendable- some sort of cord. If I could just free my hand from this, then I would be able to take off whatever was blocking my vision, or ask someone else to. Gently pulling my hand upwards, I felt a prickly, tugging sesation just below my knuckles. The cord was resisting; it wouldn't come undone. I pulled up again, this time a little harder. It was still firmly attached to my hand. The third time, I yanked my hand up in the air as quickly as I could. Something sharp ripped through my skin, and I let out a gasp as the pain hit me and the smell of blood filled the air. "Ow!" I yelped, bringing my injured hand close to my chest. The room went silent; the conversation immediately halted. "Son," I heard a voice murmur, the same one that had been chastising only a few moments before, "move very, very slowly. Don't breathe." Someone snarled in response, and it was a guttaral sound. It was unlike anything I had ever heard before. I instinctively cringed away from it, pushing myself against something soft behind me. "Need to go." someone muttered. The velvet voice! And this time in English. Seconds later, a door slammed, and I assumed the velvet voice was gone. The room was silent again. Wait! I wanted to yell, Come back! Why are you leaving me? Instead, I settled for, "Who turned out the lights?!" That got a few chuckles. "Oh, Carlisle, take off the eye mask. The poor dear is probably so disoriented!" a new voice exclaimed. After that, a pair of footsteps moved towards me, and then the darkness was gone. I blinked twice and then squinted at the sudden, bright light, my vision filling with spots as my eyes adjusted to the new lighting. I raised my bleeding hand up over my eyes in an attempt to shield them from the brightness, but to no avail. "Augh!" I let out a wail of frustration as I swung my head around blindly. The people around me chuckled again After a minute of this, my vision suddenly cleared, and everything came into focus around me. I was sitting in a large, white bed with low rails blocking me in on either side. The room I was in was shaped like a hexagon, with windows on southwest and southeast walls. There was a door on the north wall, but I didn't know where it led. The walls were all painted a stark white, and the floors were shiny, white linoleum. I realized that I was in a hospital- but I had no inkling of an idea of why I was there, or even how I got there. I found out that the cord I had pulled out of my hand was actually an I.V.- that would explain the pain, and the blood. I.V. Blood. I cringed at those thoughts; I hated needles. I was glad that I had ripped it out when I had the chance. When I looked up again, I was finally able to see the talking people. There were six of them, and they were all so beautiful. I gasped softly as I took in their appearances- they were all so inhumanly beautiful. With their snowy-white skin and dark, amber eyes, they looked more like angels or gods than simple humans. They were too beautiful for this world. One of them, a tall man wearing a doctor's coat, noticed my gasp and gently reached out his hand, patting my non-bleeding hand with his. His amber eyes were kind, but his stethoscope and lab coat instantly made me wary of him: doctors meant needles, and I hated needles. I cringed back into my pillows as he took a step towards me. "Don't be afraid, Isabella." he murmured, taking another careful, cautious step towards me. "We aren't going to hurt you. I just want to ask you some questions, okay?" Isabella. That word confused me. Why was he calling me Isabella? I wasn't an Isabella. At least, I didn't think I was. I searched my brain for anything related to the word Isabella , but I found nothing. "I... uh..." I stammered, not knowing what to say first. "Ummm... what's Isabella?" A tall boy with dark, messy hair howled with laughter, bending over and slapping his knee comically. Several of the others shot glares at him, but he kept laughing until he fell to the floor on all fours, clutching his stomach as he laughed even harder. I giggled softly, unaware that he was laughing at me. "Emmett!" the woman scolded, reaching down to slap the boy on his back. "Stop laughing at the girl and stand up straight. Now. " the impatience was clear in her voice, and the boy- no, Emmett- quickly stood up, and put on a serious expression, almost afraid of the woman. The doctor, Carlisle, had been watching the boy the whole time. Now, turning back to me, he opened his mouth to respond. "Isabella is your name, sweetheart." he told me with a kind laugh. "Can you remember anyone ever calling you Isabella?" I screwed up my face in concentration as I wracked my mind for anything that had something to do with Isabella, but I couldn't remember anything. I shook my head. "Can you remember anything before you got here?" Carlisle asked me, his brows furrowed in concentration. I tried to think back, but the only thing I could remember was waking up in the dark, and the cold hand. Again, I shook my head. "It's okay, Isabella." Carlisle smiled sadly. "Your memories will come back when they're ready." I nodded once, hugging my knees to my chest. "Isabella." I murmured to myself, the sounds strange and foreign in my mouth. "Isabella." Carlisle agreed, and then the room fell silent. After a few moments of silence, Carlisle began to speak again. "I'm sure you're wondering why you're here and where you are," he began gently. "But first I would like you to meet my family, Isabella. My name is Carlisle Cullen. This is my wife, Esme," he pointed to the lady who had yelled at Emmett, and she smiled warmly. "Our daughters- Alice," a short girl with cropped, black hair waved at me and smiled enthusiastically. "Rosalie," he motioned towards a blonde girl who was standing next to Esme. She also smiled, but blew me a kiss as well. I giggled, and her smile grew a little as I laughed. "And our sons- Emmett," the big boy who had laughed at me before grinned and barked a booming laugh. "Hey, kiddo!" he exclaimed, and I smiled and laughed. I liked Emmett, he was fun to be around. "-and Jasper." Carlisle finished, pointing to another boy who was standing in the corner of the room, leaning on the wall. He raised a hand in greeting, but quickly put it down and looked away, distracted by something I couldn't see. "We have a third son, Edward, but he couldn't be here right now." Esme added, still smiling. "I'm sure you'll meet him another day, though." I nodded. Carlisle, Esme, Alice, Rosalie, Emmett, Jasper, Edward... I repeated all the names in my head to be sure that I wouldn't forget them. I added my own onto the end of the list as an afterthought for good measure. Isabella. "It's very nice to meet you all." I said softly, a bit shy around so many new people. "We're delighted to meet you, too, Isabella." Esme responded, eyes gleaming. "So, Isabella," Carlisle broke in, crouching down next to my bed and gazing into my eyes. "I need to ask you a few more questions, is that okay?" I nodded. "Yes, that's okay." I paused for a moment before making a face and adding; "As long as there's no needles!" Carlisle laughed and smiled. "No needles." he promised, and I smiled. For a doctor, Carlisle was really, really, nice. I liked that- and the fact that he had promised that there wouldn't be any more needles was a plus. "Do you know how old you are?" "No." "Do you remember where you were before you woke up here?" "No." "Do you know if you were with anyone before you woke up?" "I don't know." The conversation continued on like this for many, many minutes. My answers to all the questions were either 'no', or 'I don't know'. The look on Carlisle's face each time I answered made it clear that he was disappointed, and I looked down sadly, upset that I had let him down. "Do you- Isabella, what's wrong?" I had curled up into a ball and started to cry when I realized how I had disappointed the nice doctor. I pressed my face into my knees as he searched for my gaze, not wanting to look at him. "I can't remember." I whimpered as tears poured down my cheeks. "I don't know any of the answers. I'm sorry Carlisle." I began to cry harder, angry at myself for not being able to remember anything of use. My voice rose to a wail. "I can't remember!" At some point, someone crawled into the bed with me and took me into their arms. I didn't know who it was, although I thought it was Esme. But I didn't bother to look; I continued to cry, letting myself go to pieces as I mourned the life that I couldn't remember. I wanted to remember so badly. After a few minutes, I felt whoever was holding me rise from the bed and walk away, but a moment later, someone else took their place and held me close. This 'rotation' happened a few times. Soon it seemed my tears would never stop, and I could tell that Carlisle and his family were starting to worry. For a long time, the room was silent except for my sobs, and the occasional "shhh," from whoever was holding me at the time. But I couldn't hear them- the only sounds that reached my ears were that of my gasping breaths and wails of grief. Somehow, I heard the door open softly and a few snatches of a quiet conversation between Carlisle and a newcomer. "Finally back, we were worried-" "What's wrong with her?" the voice sounded pained, worried. "...won't stop crying." The bits of Carlisle's voice I could hear held notes of concern in them. "...holding her... you try?" "...Not a good idea..." "You are strong enough." Silence. "Please, son, try . You can ." More silence, and then the sound of footsteps. "All right. Rosalie, give her to me." the newcomer instructed, and then, suddenly I was lifted off of the bed and placed into someone's arms. I continued to cry, startled and unsettled by the sudden change. "Shhh, shhh, everything is all right, love."