AN: Hiiiiiii guys! This is a (rather long) oneshot about the evolution of Hermione and Avery's relationship following the events of the The Light. As it turned out, it's actually more of a two-shot since a few of you were asking me when I was going to write something new and this is taking me forever! So I decided to split it in half and publish what I've got so far now! Obviously you don't have to have read TL to understand this (I'm sure you can enjoy it if you're just a slut for fluff) but for those who came here from TL, this is for you. When I introduced Avery, I never anticipated an original character of my own creation would receive such a warm reception but I can honestly say it means the world to me! As someone who wants to publish one day, I'm using this entire experience to learn all that I can about world-building and character-building and you have helped me so much with that. So, here it is, perhaps an unconventional couple, but one that survived all the torment and tribulations I put them through in my last fic. I hope you like it. Bliss Sometimes I have the strangest feeling about you. Especially when you are near me as you are now. It feels as though I had a string tied here under my left rib where my heart is, tightly knotted to you in a similar fashion. And when you go, with all that distance between us, I am afraid that this cord will be snapped, and I shall bleed inwardly. – Charlotte Bronte October 1981 "You did it," Avery said numbly and she turned to face him. She hadn't realised it but she was trembling. Though she hadn't seen him clearly (everything was faded and unclear), she blinked and his white face came into sharp focus. He looked drawn, like he couldn't believe what had happened. His dark eyes were wide and young and he looked at her and said again, "You did it." Hermione just offered him a half-smile, though it wasn't quite real. She said, "I told you I was crazy enough to." Avery's face softened and he looked at Voldemort's body, but the sight seemed to sicken him, for his eyes returned just as quickly to her face. "I never doubted you for a moment." She looked at him in exasperation and said, "You insulted my intelligence more than once. And insinuated my plans were foolhardy!" "They were foolhardy," he pointed out, though he was smiling slightly. "Every last one of them." They shared an amused look, before Hermione felt herself grow solemn once more, and she whispered, "Now the monster's dead." Avery raised his chin slightly as he remembered their conversation from so long ago. He said, in a voice as equally as quiet and final, "So does this mean it's the end?" She let herself smile. "I guess it does." oOoOo November 1981 It was really quite impossible to think of a time before Frederic Avery. Though she tried, and sometimes she tried often, the smug Slytherin always seemed to permeate through every memory he was absent from, like water devouring a piece of paper. There was no keeping him out, though Hermione found she didn't mind it quite as much as she thought she might. He was always there, usually silent; a statue of strength and resilience, a tree with its roots planted so deeply and firmly in the ground, no tornado could uproot it. Of course, when this observation had been made, one could never have predicted that it would take more than a tornado. Nobody could've predicted Hermione Granger would be the one to uproot him. He was a tall boy, with broad shoulders and a resounding chest that never seemed to fall. His face was marble, effortlessly sculptured, painstakingly carved. It nearly always wore the same expression of impatient boredom, though Hermione found the patience (or fury) to wring from him a rare droplet of a smile from time to time. His eyes were dark, his hair black, and it was as though he was allergic to warmth for it seemed to roll over him in strictly eluding waves. That being said, there was something eminently warm that lingered in those dark eyes when Hermione Granger held him, or kissed him, or even forced a laugh from his bow lips. It took time for people to melt around him. The world could not seem to understand why they fit together so perfectly, or how they managed to love one another in full. For she, on the other hand, was a resounding sun. Though plain in appearance, there was something blinding about her, something which made your eyes ache and forced you to squint if you stared for just a second too long. Her small body was perpetually tense and alert, and yet there was an undeniable softness to her very existence. She seemed to exhale compassion, breathe the gentle lull of consideration. Everything she did, she did passionately; she let it consume her. Perhaps that was why they were so in-tune. She consumed him in her love, and for once, he didn't mind terribly to relinquish his control. He was never bored around her. Whatever the reason was, it was cemented in place: Frederic Avery and Hermione Granger were in love. It was a skinny love, a love that was conveyed through lingering touches and fleeting glances that lasted just a moment longer than necessary, but it was love nonetheless. And it was a love rattled though resilient. The war took a lot out of them, but they remained standing at the end of it. Somehow. The world slowly rebuilt itself, and neither one of them had a place to belong anymore, so they returned to the Muggle lady's house, quiet sewing their lips shut, grief weighing them down. They were disconsolate prisoners to the past, and the torments they had seen. Everything they did felt numb, like they weren't really doing it. Only Regulus retained that fresh youthfulness that they had all once thrived on. It was an evening, peaceful and free, untouched by the cruelties and demands of the world around them, and Hermione sat on the settee, curled into the corner. She had a blanket strewn over her lap, and her eyes were staring but not seeing. Everything was calm; everything but the crackling of the fire. The grandeur of the house had long since fallen from her fancy, and she no longer regarded the alcoves or pretty cabinet displays with wide eyes. It had become the mundane to her. Hermione didn't even think of the Muggle lady who was currently living in an idyllic seaside cottage in France. Not that often anyway. Though she didn't know why she bothered, the rich old dear was probably living the dream. Avery appeared in the doorway of the living room. Her eyes blinked, focusing on him, and he brought her a cup of tea. She accepted it gratefully, bringing it close to warm her body up. He sat beside her. There was space between them, stretching out, chilling them both. Neither one of them spoke; they simply basked in the serenity that still felt foreign to their tired bodies. Regulus was out someplace. He seemed to be living to the fullest, spreading his wings and pulsing with unbridled electricity to make up for all the years he'd spent locked in Grimmauld Place. Hermione and Avery could not share in his liberty. They left the house very rarely, often choosing to remain in their designated rooms. Headquarters was still open to her, and all the other members of the Order, though she found that it just reminded her of everything they had endured. Every time she closed her eyes, she was plagued with nightmares, haunted by things that had both happened and not. So, at the soonest opportunity, she had moved out and into this place. She slept better here. Avery, though he'd never said it in so many words, had seemed quite glad for her company. They were going through the same thing. It made sense for them to quietly go through it together. "It's strange, isn't it?" Hermione asked. Her voice was soft, barely an indentation on the air. "What is?" Avery replied in a voice just as quiet. She paused for a moment, then said, "How things are more frigid now the war is over." He looked at her. "Frigid?" "Scarier," she amended. "More on edge." Avery considered this. "Perhaps it's because you're not used to freedom. You know how to survive a war. Life, on the other hand, is very different… it is not so easy to live." Hermione didn't quite know what to say to that, but she sipped her tea. It was hot, scalding her lips. She ignored the burn and continued drinking. "You know what else is strange?" Avery said. She hummed questioningly. "That we don't have to hide anymore and yet we can't seem to leave the shadows." Hermione stopped drinking. She looked at him and said, "This isn't the shadows. You should know. We've both been there." "So you're trying to tell me this is the light?" he demanded, eyebrow raised in slight disregard. "If this is what you stand for, I'd request a different title." "No," said Hermione. "I'm trying to tell you that this isn't dark. Nowhere near. Not even close." She reached out and held his hand, breaching the distance between them, and it was more than some thirty centimetres she crossed. Avery's eyes latched onto her. It was so much more. He realised maybe she was The Light for a reason. Avery dragged his eyes away, and asked, "Do you think it will ever go back to normal?" "What?" She stared at him, a small frown knitting her eyebrows together. Their hands were still lazily interlocked. Avery swallowed, looking back at her, and repeated, "Do you think it'll ever go back to normal?" A wry smile curled her lips. "I don't think you could really call it normal." "How it was meant to be then," he explained. There was something vulnerable about the urgency in his voice. Hermione just stared at him. "This is how it's meant to be," she said softly. And Avery gave her one of those rare smiles; the type that fluttered her stomach and made the room that much brighter. oOo December 1981 It wasn't always like this; that skinny love didn't always present itself in the most obvious of ways, nor the easiest. But it was there in the nights they both woke up screaming, writhing in the darkness, tangled in the grip of their bed sheets and memories. Hermione had cast a silencing charm around her room, but that didn't stop him from knocking at her door one night. She was sat up in bed, throat torn and hurting, heart racing in her chest. It had taken her a few seconds before she was able to call, "Come in." Avery opened the door gently, standing in the doorway. He had bags under his eyes, dark hollows, and from the look of him, she assumed he hadn't gotten much sleep either. She didn't know how he had heard her through the silencing charm, if he had at all, but she was glad for him; she soaked the sight of him up. Hermione held out her hand, and he walked over to her. Their fingers grasped the others, linking them, interweaving their souls. He climbed into bed beside her, and she pressed herself as close as she possibly could into his warmth. His heart beat steadily against her ear. "How much sleep have you gotten?" he asked her. She whispered, "Not much. You?" Avery paused for a moment, and she felt his throat bob. "I haven't slept since the war ended," he murmured honestly, his free hand playing with her hair. "Me neither," Hermione