AN: Hellooo! Happy 2017! If you're here from The Light then prepare yourself for another heart-wrenching Marauders story with the same characterisation. Also, I am reusing a lot of the same scenes and interactions and motifs because they work in the original universe so, though you don't have to read The Light for this fiction to make sense, there will be many similarities between both stories if you do read them both. This is my interpretation of the Marauders' story, and how I imagine their life blossoming. It will be sad, it will be lovely, and I would love to hear your thoughts and any headcanons or personal ideas that you would like me to include:) Please correct me if I make any mistakes for I do want to keep as close to canon as possible. I hope you like this, and I hope I do their story justice. Everliah Perhaps we are just kings, Who once were promised gold. Perhaps we are just boys, Who never got to grow old. Perhaps we are just men, Sent to fight in somebody's war. Perhaps we are not anything, Though we once were something more. Chapter One- Platform 9¾ The platform was an explosion of life. He could hear snippets of conversation, floating past him, like snatches of a far-off dream, and laughter rang around the station. Owls hooted, children screamed, parents shouted, and all of it was like the most beautiful orchestra he had ever heard; music to his ears. The horn of the Hogwarts Express danced with it all. The train was pulled up proudly, a vibrant red that glistened and beamed, and he felt his eyes widen at the sight, the grin pulling his lips before he could stop it. His legs stopped moving. "Sirius!" He tore his eyes away. His mother was scowling at him. She was a short woman, though her height hardly subtracted from her demanding presence. Her hair was blonde, and scraped back into strict curls that framed her face. Severity made her look older than she was, and her lips were perpetually pruned. She wore a period dress of the darkest purple, heavy with frills and embellishment. Walburga jerked her head, and he followed obediently. They weaved their way through the throng of people, shoving past families to find a space where they could breathe, without being touched. Eventually, his mother stopped walking when they found his father and brother, standing a little apart from everyone else on the far end of the platform. Walburga straightened her dress, fixing her curls, and said tightly, "Honestly. Where has the dignity gone? I barely raise my eyes and there are Muggles everywhere! It's like I cannot breathe without inhaling their mundanity. It's not right, Orion." His father, a tall man of austere countenance whose pale, leathered face had not adorned an expression in years, stood beside his wife, though did not touch her. He was wearing long, dark robes and his hair, of a pitch black, fell to his shoulders, in stark contrast to Walburga's blonde. "No, you're quite right, Walburga," he replied absently, his equally black eyes were roving the station, hands slipped into black gloves clutching his cane. He didn't seem too concerned about the fact, however, though Sirius knew his father agreed more ardently than what he was letting on. Walburga raised a single, fine eyebrow at him, though opted not to comment and instead focused on her eldest son. He was tall for his age, and wore his eleven years elegantly but boldly. His chin always seemed to be raised in defiance to something, and his eyes, though dark, glimmered with youth. It was like it drenched him, like he could never outgrow it, no matter how many more years dragged him down. Mischief seemed to run through his veins, and he lived and breathed it. The star for which he was named shone brilliantly within him, and outside in the beauty of his face. "Sirius," his mother said, and she regarded him over the sharp point of her nose. She was all points and edges, his mother, giving the impression that if you touched her, you'd bleed. Walburga knelt down in front of him, cupping his cheeks in her cold, bony hands. Sirius had inherited her aristocracy, and it tainted him in the shadows of his cheekbones and length of his eyelashes. The ghost of her lingered in his insolence. "Your father and I will write to you, and we expect to hear progress reports on how you are doing," she continued, smoothing his hair back behind his ear. Though not kind, her face was not as harsh as it had been a second ago. "And remember, dear, tell your cousins that they're coming straight from school to our house for Christmas, this year." He refrained from pulling a face. She added, in a clipped voice that was slow with distaste, "Your Uncle Alphard is also coming for once. He's back in the country, which I'm sure is a surprise, though Salazar knows how long he'll be here for... With any luck, he'll be gone by New Year." Sirius almost let his excitement show, but he was quick to stamp it down. His ears perked at the word ' cousins .' He asked, though careful not to let any hope seep into his voice, "Andromeda too?" His mother's face tightened. "Yes. Uncle Cygnus requested. I imagine he thinks she is still susceptible to changing her mind, though your cousin seems to have made her opinions perfectly clear to me. She tarnishes the House of Salazar Slytherin." Sirius' jaw clenched at this, though he simply looked away to avoid saying something he knew he shouldn't. The train's horn bellowed, like it was calling to him. His mother straightened his robes, and her grey eyes were piercing and meaningful. Her lips stretched into a taut smile. She said, "Don't forget where you come from." When Walburga stood back up, she smoothed down her dress, and wrinkled her nose at the children boarding the train. "I can't believe the type of filth Dumbledore is letting into that school," she said coolly. "Cygnus was right. The old coot has let it go to the Muggles, as though they deserve to be there." As his mother continued raging, Sirius tuned her out (it was a skill he learnt years ago) and turned to his brother. He was a small boy, thin and pale, with the same dark hair and eyes. He wasn't looking at him. "Regulus," Sirius said. His brother still didn't look at him. He moved closer so that they were stood incredibly close. " Regulus." Finally, his brother looked at him. His eyebrows were knitted together, eyes narrowed and hard. His bottom lip jutted slightly out. Sirius sighed. "I'm not leaving forever," he told him. "I'll be back before you know it." Regulus stared sullenly at him. "Promise?" he asked after a moment. Sirius smiled at him. He had never been more sincere when he said, "I promise." "Sirius! The train is about to leave," his mother trilled behind them. "I won't have you sitting with Mudbloods, simply because you were too late to find an empty compartment-" He ignored her, however, because he noticed the way Regulus' face dropped once more. Without another second passing them by, he pulled his younger brother into a bone-crushing hug, squeezing him so tightly it was like they were the same person. "Don't forget to practise your reading," Sirius whispered in his ear. "I won't," said Regulus. They only broke apart when Walburga swatted the back of Sirius' head, and he grabbed his trunk and hauled it onto the train. He paused when he boarded, looking back at his family. They were cold and scanty, empty to the eye; Orion stood beside Walburga, his hand on Regulus' shoulder, holding him back. Sirius couldn't say he was sorry to leave them. Except for Regulus. He would write to Regulus every day. The Hogwarts Express rolled forward, and he was thrown into the side. He huffed, dragging his trunk away from the window to try and find a compartment. His mother had been right; many were full already, crammed with friends reuniting after a summer apart. Their laughter echoed to him, but Sirius couldn't bring himself to care. All he wanted was to find a carriage. Eventually, after a few minutes of searching, and when the platform had become a distant memory, he found an empty one and he opened it and fell inside. Sirius lugged his trunk in, managing somehow (and with great difficulty) to shove it up onto the rafters, before he collapsed on the seat. His heart was thumping in his chest from the effort, and excitement thrummed through his body. He felt like this was the start of something big- maybe adventure. Maybe the rest of his life. He closed his eyes. He wasn't necessarily tired, though he felt like all the years he had spent locked away in Grimmauld Place had drained him. Being away from his family, his mother in particular, felt like being allowed to eat when you had been starved for days. It was like being able to breathe freely for the first time in forever, and Sirius gulped it down. This serenity, this quiet before the storm, where he knew anything could happen, was tense but incendiary. He found he quite liked the feeling of being on the edge, of knowing he could jump or run and nobody could stop him from doing either. "Excuse me, you don't mind if I sit in here, do you?" a voice said from the doorway. Sirius didn't move. Maybe if he thought he was sleeping, he'd go away. The boy frowned. "Are you alive?" He prodded his foot. "Yes," replied Sirius irritably, sitting up completely to take in his companion. The boy wasn't nerdy , though he teetered on being so. Square glasses framed his eyes, which were wide and hazel, and his frame was long and thin. He had black messy hair, and Sirius thought he looked like he'd just been electrocuted, or dragged through a hedge backwards, or perhaps both. Simultaneously. Whatever he was, he looked to be struggling with his trunk. "Here," Sirius said, getting to his feet to lift the other end of it. "Let me help you." Together, in a manoeuvre that no doubt looked as difficult as it was, they succeeded in pushing his trunk onto the rafter, and both dropped onto opposite sides of the compartment. The two boys stared at one another. "My name's James, by the way," the other boy said, holding out his hand. "James Potter." Sirius shook it. "Nice to meet you, James. I'm Sirius Orion Black the Third." James' eyes widened theatrically and he repeated, "The Third? I didn't realise Sirius was such a popular name." "My family tend to recycle names," he shrugged. "There are only so many stars you can name your child after." "Really?" James asked incredulously. "Seems like there are a fair few to me." "Yes, but then you start running out and get onto ones like Camelopardalis which is just ridiculous." "I don't know, you look like a Camelopardalis to me." Sirius' eyes lit up and he grinned at him. James' face broke into an ear splitting smile. He looked odd when he smiled, Sirius thought, like the very epitome of happiness. It shone as a beacon from his cheeks, starting a spark in his eyes that set his whole being on fire. There was something warm about James. "Well, Sirius Orion Black the Third," said James. "I think we should be friends. There's only one Sirius Orion Black the Third out there, and I'd be proud to call him my friend." Sirius felt his chest heat up. He said, "There's only one James Potter out there too." James smiled at him again, though this smile was softer, more crooked and wonky, like the glasses on