Title: Open Hearts and Open Hands Author: magan bagan Rating: M Summary: When his father is injured and can't tend to his land, Edward returns to the Amish, the life he'd left behind. While there he encounters a young woman who is shunned. Every day she is ignored. Every day her spirit grows a little dimmer. Edward finds himself drawn to her, but must break through some barriers, hers and their communities, to win her heart. Warning: Be aware that there are some sensitive topics mentioned. They are alluded to, but not discussed in detail. Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. All Stephanie Meyer. The plot idea is my own, everything else is purely fiction. Edward pulled up to his parent's home, tugging on the reins urging the horse to come to a stop with a murmured, "Whoa." The clip clop of its hooves on the ground stopped and their breaths huffed out steadily, billowing into the air. He moved around to the back of the buggy and grabbed his bags, stopping to look back up at the structure before him. It felt strange to be back. To see the house he'd lived in for eighteen years. Like so many other in the community, it was warm and inviting, simple. But it had never really felt like home to him. As Edward made his way toward the steps, the front door creaked open and a slight figure stepped out onto the porch. His mother, beautiful even in the plain clothes of the Amish, watched him with a hesitant smile on her face. Though her hair had streaks of gray and her eyes looked dark with exhaustion, she didn't appear any older than the day he'd left. She met him at the bottom of the stairs and he was finally able to see her tear stained cheeks. "My boy. Oh, Edward." Edward set his bags down and pulled her into his arms. "Maemm." Her familiar scent of lavender and cloves filled him with warmth security, something he hadn't realized he'd been missing. Her arms wrapped securely around him and her body shook as he realized she was crying. "Maemm, it's okay." He rested his chin on top of her head and rubbed her back soothingly as she sobbed against him. "It's okay." He didn't know what else to do, so he just held onto her and let her cry it out. When she finally seemed to calm down, Esme pulled back to take in her son and they shared a look that said it all. She took his face in her hands and rubbed his cheeks with her thumbs, complete adoration all over her face. Edward leaned down and kissed Esme's forehead before stepping out of her embrace. "Come on. Let's get you settled in." Esme smiled. He picked up his bags again and followed his mother inside, bracing himself for whatever greetings awaited him from the rest of his family. He hadn't seen or spoken to any of them in over six years and he didn't know just how welcomed back he would be. It hadn't been an easy decision or one that he'd really wanted to make, but he knew that coming back would be even more difficult. Esme had Edward place his bags near the foot of the stairs and led him into the family room. She took his large hand into her small one and gave it a squeeze. Edward took it all in, allowing the memories of simplicity and love take him over. His father, Carlisle, sat resting in his well worn chair. The leg he had broken was elevated on the coffee table, his blond hair and beard longer than the last time Edward had seen him. Though he looked exhausted, the smile on his face showed his contentment. Besides his siblings, two other people waited in the room. A brother and sister that Edward remembered going to school with. Jasper and Rosalie Hale. They had all been friends growing up and Edward could recall that his older brother had sought to court Rosalie before he left. As he watched, Emmett sat beside Rosalie now, his hand firmly in hers and his cheeks dimpled with his smile. It was strange to watch the big man so humbled and caring around the woman, but they somehow just fit. Jasper stood in the back if the room with Alice, Edward's younger sister. Her normally excitable, bouncing personality seemed calmed, subdued. A simple touch shared between them spoke volumes of their connection. She had grown up so much since Edward had last seen her, he was sure that if they weren't married yet, they would be soon. The hum of their chatter had filled the room, but when Esme made her way to Carlisle's side they all quieted down. He took his wife's hand in his and kissed the knuckles. "My love, look who's here." Everyone's eyes darted to the entrance to the room where Edward stood. No one spoke at first, but he could see their eyes widen in surprise. He felt uncomfortable under the scrutiny of their gazes, but Edward forced himself to remain still. They were his family, after all. After some time, Carlisle looked his son in the eyes and nodded. That was the best he'd be able to expect from his father. The fact that he'd been able to come back at all had been a surprise in and of itself, but to think he'd get any more from him would have been a setup for disappointment. "Welcome home," Alice said softly, her voice a tinkle in the otherwise quiet space. She walked shyly over to her brother, almost hesitantly. It was unlike the young girl he could recall from before. When she was close enough, Alice stopped in front of Edward and looked up at him warily. She was still over a foot shorter than him, but beautiful. Her black hair was pinned meticulously out of her face. She smiled up at him, and whatever she found their seemed to relax her because she stepped forward into his embrace and hugged him tightly. "I've missed you, short stuff," Edward said, loud enough that only she could hear. Her shoulders shook and Edward wasn't sure if it was from laughter or tears, but when she pulled back he saw her eyes were bright with excitement, her lips parted in a wide smile, and her freckled nose scrunched with her grin. He kissed her forehead and glanced over to the others in the room. It didn't really surprise him that none of them said anything. He just nodded in acknowledgement to the stares and cleared his throat. Returning to the life he left behind wouldn't be easy, he'd known that the moment he'd received his mother's letter asking for his help. Seeing his family's response to him, though, Edward was sure that it would take a bit more work than he'd thought. Esme ran a hand down her husband's cheek, the look they shared full of love and devotion, before she rose to her feet. "Alice, Rose, and I are going to get started on dinner. We'll leave the men to their discussions," she said with a hint of finality. The ladies headed to the kitchen, leaving the four men alone. Edward didn't move from his spot for a few minutes, before he finally sighed and sat down in one of the chairs set up around the living. The other men continued to sit in awkward until Carlisle finally cleared his throat, breaking the uncomfortable tension in the room. Ooo~Ooo~Ooo Edward woke the following morning just before dawn. Despite his time away, he'd never truly been able to break himself of the habit. So after washing up and changing into his clothes for the day, Edward made his way downstairs. The familiar sounds of activity coming from the kitchen caused his lips to curve up in a slight smile. He found a fresh cup of coffee on the dining table and a plate with breakfast on it that smelled wonderful. Once he'd eaten, he went out to get an idea of the work that lay ahead of him. From what he'd been able to observe, there was plenty that needed to be taken care of, on the property as well as on the fields. So much in fact that he figured he might need an extra set of hands in order to get it all finished. He went back to the house and made a list of the supplies that he needed and was about to head out to ready the buggy and horse when he heard a thump and groan from the stairs. Leaning up against the handrail was Carlisle, sweat pooled on his forehead and determination set on his features. Edward watched as his father slowly made his way down the rest of the steps, the cast on his injured leg thumping with each movement. When he finally made it to the bottom, Edward was at his side to help him to his destination. "I can do it myself," Carlisle grumbled under his breath. Edward sighed, but didn't let his father's bad mood deter him. He put one arm around the older man's side to ensure that he had a firm grip on him and began to lead him slowly to the family room. "I know that you can, but you don't have to." With that, Edward helped him walk and then got him settled down in his favorite chair. After a moment of awkward silence, Edward cleared his throat. "Okay. I'll be back." "Thank you, son," Carlisle said, his words so soft Edward wasn't sure at first that he'd actually heard them. But the expression on his face, the small hint of vulnerability, told him he hadn't misheard him. In order not to embarrass him further, Edward simply nodded and turned to leave. Since the stables were set up at the back of the property, Edward decided to leave through the kitchen. Esme and Alice had the space filled with the smells of their cooking with the evidence of their day spread out all over the place. A few pies sat in the window sill to cool, Alice set down a pan of the bread that she'd pulled from the oven, and even better smells came wafting from the stove. "Edward." Esme grinned up at me, her cheeks spread so far with her excitement it almost looked as though they would snap from the pressure. "Do you need something?" He shook his head. "I'm just heading into town. And this is the quickest way to the stables." Alice wiped her hands on her apron."May I join you? There are some goods that I need to bring to Sue." Shrugging, Edward nodded. "Sure. Just let me get the horses ready." He made is way out back and brought out the two horses he'd ridden to the house with. When they were attached to the buggy and he had the reins resting on the front seat, he called for his sister and they packed up what she was bringing. The ride into town was surprisingly quiet. Before he'd left, there was hardly ever a time that Alice would sit in silence, her energy a marvel to behold. To see her so grown up and comfortable with herself, was a shock to him. But it was a beautiful sight to behold, to see his sister becoming a wonderful woman. The life of the Amish was all about simplicity: how they dressed, the homes they lived in, the toys and art that they made. And even though they kept themselves separated from the English and the modern world, they still relied on outside communication for certain things that they couldn't provide for themselves. So when Edward arrived in town, he stopped at Newtons and told Alice that he would meet up with her when he was finished. He entered the establishment, prepared to be turned away