I don't own Twilight. all Stephenie Meyer. Flyaway With Me "Come on, Bella. Just try them on. I promise you it'll make you feel better." Alice pushed me toward the dressing rooms. "If you don't like them then no harm done. If you do, well then they'll be on me." I rolled my eyes. "What's the point, Alice? It's not like I'll be able to fit into them in a few weeks," I said with a sigh. Alice sighed, fisting her hands on her hips in exasperation. "Listen, Bella, I know that you've had a difficult time moving on from Jake. The way he treated you was deplorable, but you can't keep moping around. If anything you should be showing him what he's missing." With that she stomped her foot, the sight hilarious coming from such a tiny person. "And you should start with this lingerie." I wanted to continue arguing with her, but I knew that it was a lost cause. With a groan, I grabbed the pile of bras, panties, and assorted nightwear that Alice had picked out and trudged toward one of the empty dressing rooms. "Don't just stand in there and not try anything on. I really want you to pick some stuff out, Bella. Trust me," Alice called from the other side of the door. She was only about 4'10" and had cute spiky black hair, but I would never want to be on her bad side. "Fine, Alice." I sighed and stared at the pile that I'd placed on the dressing room seat. Hopefully, she'd picked out some stuff that wasn't too embarrassing. Alice and I had met in high school during an unfortunate incident in our school's theatre room. The elective class I had signed up for my junior year had been cancelled and one of the administrators thought it would be a good idea to put me in a makeup and costumes class. The day Alice and I met happened to be around the time of the spring musical when everyone was rushing to get the costumes and sets finished in time. I had been struggling with one of the sewing machines as I finished the dress I was working on, and as a result, wasn't paying as close attention to what I was doing as I should have been. Somehow, and I still don't know how, I managed to sew the sleeve of my shirt to the dress and got the two entangled with the machine. Fortunately, Alice had been nearby and decided to help me out. She managed to yank my arm free of the machine, but then I lost my balance due to the quick movement and we both fell in a heap on the floor. The classroom erupted into laughter and applause at my complete lack of coordination. Amazingly though, Alice and I have been the best of friends ever since. We just seemed to get each other and always had a lot of fun together. The present moment excluded, though. I tried on most of what she'd picked out, only disregarding a few of the items that were mortifying to even look at on the hanger. In the end I picked out a few things that were really pretty and I wouldn't mind wearing. "So?" Alice asked when I finally came back out. "Okay, I'll admit it," I said with a sigh. "I actually do feel a little bit better." Alice squealed. "I told you. Now, hand those over, this little outing is on me. And I made reservations for us at a nice restaurant down the street." She grabbed the few items from me. "You really don't have to do this, Alice," I began. "Nonsense. Wait for me out front. I'll only be a minute." She made her way to one of the cash registers without even looking back. I just shook my head, smiling despite myself, and made my way out of the store. After graduating college the year before we both moved to New York: Alice to pursue her dream of being a clothing designer, me to attend graduate school at New York University. We got an apartment together to cut down on the cost of rent and to help make the transition to New York easier. There was just something so beautiful and magical about the city, I could never get used to it. We started making our way down the street when Alice came out of the store and handed me the shopping bag with my new lingerie. "Do I even want to know how much the bill was?" I asked. "Bella, it really wasn't that bad." She hooked her arm with mine. "I knew the guy at the checkout and he gave me a great discount. Now you have something to wear with your outfit tonight." Alice's energy was infectious, you just couldn't help but be excited right along with her. "Oh, that's right. I completely forgot about Jasper's gallery show tonight." My mind seemed to be somewhere else completely for the most part. She'd mentioned the show to me weeks before, but I just couldn't seem to focus on much of anything. Alice nodded, stopping in front of the doors of the restaurant. "Yes, and it would mean a great deal to me if you went." She had met Jasper about six months ago at a fashion show for up and coming designers and they hit it off instantly. She'd heard of his work as a photographer and he'd heard good things about her cutting edge fashion. They were a matched made in heaven. I followed her inside, quietly telling her, "Of course, I'll go." "Thank you." She hugged me before turning to the hostess stand. "Hi. A reservation for two under Brandon." She checked her book and then grabbed two menus. "Right this way." Large windows from floor to ceiling gave the restaurant a very open feeling while pillars were built into the corners of the walls. Beautiful statues and other pieces of art were carved into the pillars, smooth and intricate like marble. The tables and place settings were tastefully put together, along with candles for ambience in the evenings. I could hardly believe my eyes. "Here you are ladies. Your waiter will be right with you. Please enjoy your afternoon." The hostess handed us our menus before heading back to her post at the front. I settled into my seat and perused the menu for a minute. "This place is amazing. How on earth did you find it?" "One of Jazz's friends eats here regularly. He recommended the eggplant." A dreamy look crossed over face at the mention of Jasper. The two of them were so adorable together. I loved that she was happy, even if my own life had been shattered. After placing our orders and getting our drinks, Alice and I settled into a comfortable silence for a couple of minutes. She thankfully wasn't pushing me to talk, but I knew it wouldn't last too long. The whole reason she'd brought me out on a spur of the moment lingerie quest was because she felt I'd been holed up in our apartment for far too long. Maybe she was right, but I had been taking advantage of the small amount of time I had left of the summer before classes started up again. Facing the world was just too much, in lieu of what happened. Forget the world, facing school and my thesis was just too much. I wasn't ready. Jacob, my ex-boyfriend, had walked out on me, on everything we had. All of the promises he'd made, the kisses we'd shared, all of it was gone because he realized he wasn't ready for such a commitment. He wanted to experience more of life before he settled down. I didn't know how to just move on from that. "Bella?" "Please. Can we not, right now?" "Okay." "I'm just not ready to talk about it yet." "That's okay, Bella. I understand." "Thank you." Ooo~Ooo~Ooo~Ooo~Ooo Cocktails before the gallery show that evening were set to be served at 6:30. Alice wanted to get there early to be there for Jasper, so I promised to meet her there. Being the meddlesome woman that she was, Alice also decided to pick out the clothes she wanted me to wear for the evening. So, after I had showered I found a green and gold cocktail dress with a sweetheart neckline that reached about mid-thigh. The straps had knots where they met the bodice and were a thinner, more iridescent version of the fabric on the rest of the dress. Since a bra didn't really work with the dress I picked decided to go with one of the corsets I'd tried on that afternoon and a pair of lacey boy shorts. Even though wearing heels was a disaster waiting to happen, I put on the open toed pumps Alice had also picked out. They were covered in lace with a cute lacey bow on the front to give them a flirty, playful look. I put on a little bit of makeup, managed to do something with my hair, and grabbed my purse before it was finally time to leave. I took a cab across town to where the gallery was and walked as carefully as I could so that wouldn't fall. While the shoes I was wearing were beautiful, the tiny heel was still enough to make me feel unsteady and I couldn't afford to have any injuries. Once I got inside, it took me a few minutes to find Alice. Everyone was still gathered in the front room until the show began at 7:00. I found her standing with Jasper, talking with a couple a little older than us. The man, even though he had slight laugh lines around his eyes and mouth, was very handsome. His hair was so blond it was almost impossible to tell that the roots along his ears were turning gray. The woman was just as beautiful, her caramel hair twisted up in an elegant do and her smile soft and genuine. They didn't need to touch for me to know that they were married. There was just something in the way they looked at each other, the ease they exhibited at being around on another. I wondered if they were Jasper's parents, because he looked just like the man. "Bella!" Alice motioned for me to come over. I carefully made my way across the room and smiled when Alice hugged me quickly. I turned to Jasper when she released me and he pressed his cheek to mine quickly. "Congratulations, Jasper. This is a wonderful turnout so far. I can only imagine what it'll be like when the show is revealed." He chuckled, a few strands of his honey colored hair falling in his eyes. "Thank you, Bella. I appreciate you coming." He was the perfect Southern gentleman. Alice motioned to the couple they had been speaking with. "Bella, I'd like you to meet Dr. Carlisle Cullen and his wife Esme. This is my best friend, Isabella Swan." "It's a pleasure to meet you." I reached my hand out to shake each of theirs. "It's a pleasure to meet you, as well," Esme said kindly. "Alice has told us such wonderful things about you." When Carlisle shook my hand, I found myself blushing. He was incredibly handsome. "So, how do you all know each other?" I asked. "Jasper and our son were roommates in college. We've gotten to know him quite well over the years," Esme explained. "They caused us quite a bit of grief, too." "My Jazz? A trouble maker? No." Alice giggled, shaking her head emphatically. Carlisle took a sip of his drink. "You'd be surprised, dear. Put them together with our eldest and I'm amazed we only had to bail them out of jail that one time." I tuned them out after awhile, my eyes wandering over the room, taking everything in.