This is what I think would happen after the war. *Harry just defeated Voldemort and they are all in the great hall McGonagall is saying " I would like to thank everyone who fought in this war and especially to Harry Potter for finally removing are the world from evil." *Harry is thinking about all who died for him and just ran out of the hall* Ginny is worried about Harry so she follows him out into the forbidden forest* Ginny said: "Hey Harry where are you". Then she finds him crying on a rock saying it's all his fault and he wishes Voldemort would have just killed him. Ginny gives him a big hug and says you were a hero today and all the people that died did not die for you but for freedom. Harry says to Ginny, "you always know how to cheer me up!" Then Ginny says "come on let's go back to the feast and enjoy ourselves because finally, Voldemort is dead!" Then on their way back boom, a dementor comes right up to Ginny and tries to make her think of unhappy thoughts. Harry is quick and gets out his wand and says "Expecto patronum"! Afterward the dementor left but Ginny was lying there on the ground as frozen as could be It looked like her soul was ripped right out of her. Harry was screaming Help! Then Ginny spoke just for a brief moment and said Harry then she fell back frozen on the ground. Harry was crying and saying "It was all my fault" I should have had the dementor attack me instead of Ginny. Then he picked up Ginny and rushed her to the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey came rushing in and said" What happened to her, put her on this bed. Then Harry said a dementor came and then she froze and said my name faintly then fainted. " Ok, Potter here is what I want you to do if you want me to save her life go in the great hall and get Professor McGonagall and say it's urgent and then go tell the Weasley's what happened to Ginny. Harry rushed to the great hall and ran up to the teacher's table and told McGonagall something happened to Ginny Madam Pomfrey needs you in the hospital wing. Then McGonagall was quick to her feet and ran off to the hospital wing. Everyone was looking around to see why McGonagall left without saying anything. Everyone was chatting about what they thought happened. Some kids thought Voldemort was back while others thought McGonagall had to use the restroom urgently. Then Harry went up to the Weasley's and told them what happened to Ginny. Ron was yelling at Harry saying things like Why did you not try to save her! Harry was very mad at Ron while Hermione was trying to calm them down "boys stop arguing Ginny needs us right now so stop making a big deal out of this especially you Ron. Mr. Weasley was the first to run to the hospital wing followed by the rest of the Weasley's. When they got their professor McGonagall was muttering in indication over Ginny. Then when McGonagall was done Ginny woke up, her eyes as big as balls and then she started screaming. Then Harry was screaming "Help her". Mr. and Mrs. Weasley looked frightened as her daughter was going through a "fit". Ron was looking straight at Hermione and was trying to ask her what's wrong with Ginny but no words came out." Bill and Fleur came rushing in while Fleur was asking " WHat's wrong with Ginny? *Harry looked like he was about to burst into a million tears because the one he loved looked like she was going to die." Hermione gave Harry a hug and said "she will be alright she's strong I promise. Then everyone left because Madam Pomfrey said if she doesn't wake up in a week I'm afraid she might die" All the Weasley's looked horrified while Mrs. Weasley, Hermione, and Harry were crying. Everyone left to go to bed except for Harry because he wanted to stay with Ginny" days and Days past and Ginny still hasn't woken up. Harry was feeling tired and beaten even though the Weasley's said go take a break but he said: " I will not rest until she is awake". Sometimes people would come in and bring Ginny cards, fizzing whiz bees, chocolate frogs and other yummy treats. Then when it was the last day of the week and Harry was just staring at Ginny while she was still in a coma, he looked her straight at her eyes and then She said "Harry where am I, I'm scared! "Ginny you're ok," said Happy Harry. He hugged her so tight that he never wanted to let go . " ow ow you're hurting me Harry" said Ginny while in pain. "I'm so sorry I didn't mean to," said Harry while withdrawing from Ginny. "No no it's fine but what happened to me? Said confused Ginny. Harry told her the whole story and then Madam Pomfrey came in. "Oh Ginny you're up that's a relief. I shall go find your family and tell them that you are up and ok. Said happy Madam Pomfrey! Then the Weasley's came rushing in. Mr. Weasley was saying "you're ok my daughter is ok !" They were so happy that Ginny was alright so they all went to a fancy muggle restaurant for dinner. *Hermione and Ginny are getting ready* What should I wear said frantic Ginny while looking through her big collection of dresses. " I don't know said Hermione but this one, *she pointed to an emerald dress* matches your eyes. Said, Hermione, while doing her makeup. Then they met Harry and Ron in the Gryffindor common room. *HArry's mouth was wide open when he saw Ginny in her dress. He looked her straight in the eyes and from that moment on he knew he loved only one redhead girl Weasley, Ginny. Then she said to Harry " What are you staring at " she said with confidence in her voice. Then Harry had the guts to say you like nice Ginny" Afterward Ginny said "you too Potter" Then Hermione came down and Ron was standing there frozen and all he could say was "pretty". *Hermione, Ginny, and Harry all laughed! "All ready to go ?" replied Hermione. YEs muttered harry ginny, and on. * Then they met the other Weasley's up and side-apparated to an alleyway behind the restaurant. Ginny took harry's hand and they looked at each other straight in the eyes and smiled at each other Then they ate a very nice meal and went back to the burrow. "Ok Harry you're with me and mione you're sleeping in Ginny's room, " said on while stuffing his face with a bread roll he took from the restaurant." Can't you ever stop eating" said Hermione while hitting him with a newspaper. " ok ok I'll stop eating for you ok mione." said Ron in an irritated tone while putting down his bread roll. "Goodnight guys I'm so tired , see u boys in the morning." Said Ginny while heading towards the staircase. "Wait up!" said Hermione as she ran up the staircase to ginny's room. Then everyone went to bed and Harry was lying in his bed thinking about all who died for him. After about an hour he finally fell asleep. *Ginny is dreaming about seeing Fred again* while Harry is having a nightmare about Ginny dying and It was all his fault. At about 9:00 in the morning Harry woke up frightened he was sweating and he was wondering where Ron went. Then he ran down the stairs and everyone was eating breakfast. "Good morning dear would you like a spot of breakfast," said Mrs. Weasley while refilling Ron's plate. "No thank I'm not hungry," said Harry while sitting down next to Ginny and across from Ron and Hermione. " Hey Harry why were you thrashing in your sleep?" said Ron while shoving his bacon down his throat. "Just a bad dream" replied Harry. " What was it about?" said Ginny while scrapping the food of her plate. " Just forget about it ok " said Harry who was getting very irritated. Then Harry got up and left. "What is his problem today?" said Ron while pushing in his chair. "I'll go talk to him" replied Ginny. Then she ran up to Ron's room to find Harry. " Hey, Harry are you in here". Said, Ginny, while knocking on Ron's door. Then Harry opened the door and Ginny came and sat down next to him on the bed. " What's wrong Harry?" said Ginny while sitting down. " I just had a really bad dream and it felt so real!" said Harry in a depressed voice. " What was your dream about?" said Ginny in a questioning voice. " You died and it was my fault!" replied Harry while crying. " No no it was all a dream I'm here Harry and I will never leave you," Said Ginny while she was giving him a hug. Then Harry and Ginny got out of the hug and just looked into each other's eyes for about 5 to 10 minutes. Then Harry leaned into Ginny when their lips were almost touching. Then Ron came into the room and ruined the moment. " What are you guys doing, Harry you can not date my sister you hurt her once and I don't want her to get hurt again." said angry on while he was about to punch Harry. " Don't hurt him and yes Ron I love him and you can't stop me from loving Harry" replied Ginny in an angry tone. " Fine if that's what you want, so be it." said Ron who stormed out of the room. Then Ginny started crying and Harry was comforting her saying it's ok I'm here for you and I will never leave your side" Said Harry while looking straight at Ginny's green emerald eyes. Then Harry stepped closer to Ginny so their bodies were touching and he kissed her. " I love you Harry" said Ginny whose eyes were glistening. " I love you too Harry" replied Ginny. Then the Weasleys and Hermione came into the room. " what is the matter of all this on came down angry so you guys better explain" said angry Mrs. Weasley. Then Harry and Ginny explained to Mrs. Weasley what happened. Then Hermione went to go talk to Ron and Mrs. Weasley told them it was ok if they dated. Then they all went down for dinner and Ron kept giving the dirty eye to Harry. Ron was so mad at Harry that he made him sleep on the couch and kicked him out of his room. *Harry is crying on the couch* He was saying to himself that he wished his best friend didn't hate him. Then Ron came down and apologized to Harry and said he didn't mean to yell at him and he is ok with Harry and his sister Harry and Ron headed back to Ron's bedroom. * The next morning* " Wake up Harry" said Ginny while gently tapping his shoulders. "I'm up I'm up", replied Harry. "We better get downstairs for a spot of breakfast" said Ginny. "Ok" replied Harry. Then they went downstairs and they sat down across from Ron and Hermione. Mrs. Weasley was filling up everybody's plates and Hermione and Ron were bickering about some new wizarding book. Ron kept saying " I think books are the worst things in the world and this book is really weird" and Hermione was like " how dare you insult books they have a personality of their own and they are a life necessity and this book is about a strong wizard who had his own amazing collections