AN: Hi guys. This is my first story. I haven't wrote anything in awhile so please be nice on the reviews. Hopefully I will get back in the swing of things soon. Just bare with me in the meantime. I looked at myself in the mirror. I had gotten up extremely early after not sleeping well the night before, but I managed to hide the bags under my eyes well. After some concealer and blush, gold eyeshadow with a small dose of glitter on top to make my not so bright brown eyes shine more so than normal and some beige lipstick to make my lips look full; I thought I looked pretty damn good. Even my clothes looked good. I had chosen a cami with a sweater over the top to match my eyeshadow and some dark skinny jeans that made my ass look amazing. To top it all off I donned my knee length brown boots to complete my outfit. I clicked the home button on my IPhone to check the time. 6:45 A.M it read. Almost time for my first day at a new school. Renee had gotten at new job as the head of the E.R. at Forks Medical. With the pay and the benefits it was a hard job to turn down. Not that I could blame her. "Bella?" Renee called up the stairs. "School starts soon. You should come down and eat breakfast. I already made coffee." I laughed a little at myself. Coffee was the only thing Renee could cook without the fear of burning it which is why I am such a great cook. After so much take-out you learn to fend for yourself. Tucking my phone into my back pocket and grabbing my backpack and small clutch that held my money and important cards I opened the door and trucked down the stairs, finding Renee sitting at the table scrolling through her phone with her coffee in her hand. She smiled brightly at me when I came in. "Morning baby!" I walked over and pecked her on the cheek. "Morning mom." I reached into the cabinet for a cup and filled it to the brim with the hot coffee. I breathed in the smell, hoping it would wake me up some more. I opened the snap of the little compartment of my clutch that perfectly fit my pack of cigarettes and my lighter. I pulled one out and tossed the pack of the counter. With my coffee and lighter in hand I wandered to the front door. This was my favorite part about the morning. Sitting outside in the cool air and enjoying the nicotine flowing through my veins. It gave me a calm I couldn't explain. I puffed it slowly, taking sips of my coffee between hits. When I finished my I dropped the butt in the ashtray of the ledge. "Well I am off. Gotta stop by the office before I start my day." I gave Renee another peck on the cheek and collected my things. She looked up at me when I moved for the door. "Have a good day. I wanna hear all about it when I get home." I smiled and promised I would tell her everything before walking back out of the porch. I smiled when I saw my car. It was badass that was for sure. I had gotten my BMW coupe for my birthday. I had gotten it for my sixteenth birthday and it was still in perfect condition as the day I found it in the driveway with a big bow on it. It was blood red with solid black rims and I would totally sleep with it if I could. Jumping in I dropped my bag into the passenger seat and sped off to my first day at Forks High. X-X-X When I arrived the parking lot was still pretty empty since I was a little early. The office was easy to find since the school wasn't that big. I greeted the older lady at the desk when I came in the office. "Hello," I said grabbing her attention from her paperwork, "I'm Bella Swan. I'm new here." She smiled and nodded her head while reaching behind her for a crisp piece of paper. "Here is your schedule and I do hope you enjoy your first day. If you have any questions don't be afraid to come and ask." I smiled and thanked her. I walked back to my car and gathered my things before locking it. Sitting all my stuff on the back end I quickly lit another cigarette before school started. The parking lot filled up quickly as I smoked. My eyes followed the new faces, but I wasn't really paying attention. My eyes focused in though when a loud vroom came blazing into the parking spot a few down from me. A nice looking dude stepped out of a new Dodge Charger that was a dark, sexy blue. I couldn't get a good look at the guy since he turned and moved quickly toward the entrance, his car beeping behind him. I shook my head and threw my cigarette toward the ground and sighed, mentally still not ready to face the day. X-X-X All of my five (actually four since the period before last was an hour study period} passed without trouble. I didn't mind having a free period. It was actually welcoming. I didn't mind all the new people because that I was used too, but I sure didn't welcome it. I was very much an introvert. I would rather be by myself, but sometimes it was nice to go out with friends. It was a refreshing break from my room and house. The end of the day came fast after fourth period and I felt a sense of relief when I finally got to my car and lit up one of my smokes. I held the cigarette between my lips as I tossed my bag into the passenger seat and shoved the door closed with my butt. I scrolled through my Facebook; liking posts and glancing at videos while I smoked real slow, enjoying it before it burned to the butt. I turned and went to get in a my car, but a shout from behind me made my head turn. I noticed a small, pixie like girl pushing through people while she was headed my way. She was a tad out of breath when I reached me. ] "Hi! I'm Alice Cullen." She smiled brightly and I gave her a small one back unsure of what she wanted. "Hey, I'm Bella Swan." Alice nodded. "I know. We had first and second period together. I doubt you noticed me. You didn't hardly look up when we were in class." I nodded, remembering how I didn't want to talk to anyone quite yet. "So, what's up…" I trailed off after she didn't continue talking. "Sorry, " she didn't look up as she dug through her bag eventually pulling out a pen and a piece of paper. She jotted down some info and handed it over to me. "Here's my number. We are all having a big get together over at La Push beach tonight. It's tradition and I would love if you stopped by. Not many girls go to this thing, but my brother always drags me along." I nodded and shoved the paper in my pocket. "I'll see if I can stopped by." Alice smiled again and I smiled back. I couldn't help it. It was infectious. Her hand went up as a goodbye and she skipped away to another group of people across the parking lot. I shook my head and little and sank into my car. I was a little exhausted and decided to take a nap when I got home and finished all my work that I had been assigned in school. I inched my radio up and hummed along to a familiar song on the radio. Forks was so small it took me less ten twenty minutes to get home. A significantly less drive than driving from school where I used to live. Where it was a hour drive just from one city to the other where the high school was located. I sighed and gathered my stuff. The house was empty when I got there with a note on the door that said Renee had the midnight shift and wouldn't be home until tomorrow morning. I wadded it up and threw it in the trash. The fridge didn't hold anything I wanted. I clicked my fingernails against before finally deciding on to run into town to a little 24 hour store I noticed. It only took a few seconds to grab my keys and wallet before I was off. The grocery store had a good bit of people in it when I walked in. More than I would have expected. Grabbing a basket I started slowly going down the aisle, hoping to find something that caught my eyes. Soup...no Crackers…. Um, no please Wheat cereal? Yuck. This was ridiculous. I'd have to have been through almost the whole store and still hadn't found anything. Finally, at the very back of the store I found what I was looking for… frozen pizza and chips and just a few feet away was the bottles of Mt. Dew. I smiled a little and gave myself an imaginary pat on the back for not getting too discouraged. I quickly piled my basket full of a two liter Mt. Dew. Some spicy chips I saw that I thought would be good and some beef and bean burritos. I made one final look through to make sure I had everything I wanted before proceeding a checkout lane. There was about three people ahead of me with quite a few items so I picked up a stray magazine and began to flip through it. Nothing on any of the pages caught my eyes as it seemed to be out of date with all the dust that lined the edges. "That same magazine is always there, you know?" A voice behind me made me turn my head. Behind me was a semi-short, auburn haired woman who didn't look to be a day over thirty. I smiled at her. "Is that so?" I asked. She gestured to the magazine. "I have lived in Forks for five years now and I shop here almost everyday and come down the same checkout lane and I can promise you it will never changed. Try it sometime if you don't believe me." I nodded and sent her another smile before turning around and handing my basket to the cashier. The girl slid my few items across the scanner and then into a bag. "12.76, please." I pulled the twenty I had brought in from the car out of my pocket and handed it to her. She quickly cashed it out and I grabbed my bag. What a nice lady. I drove slowly on the way home, enjoying the hum of my baby underneath me. It was dark outside by the time I got back with just the sound of the streetlight hum above me. I quickly scurried into the house, turning the deadbolt behind me. I ate quickly as I sat in the soft light of the streetlight shining in through the small window above the sink. Once my belly was full I took one last swig of my drink and glanced at the clock on the wall. 8:00 P.M. Plenty of time to make it to the party Alice had told me about. I sighed, but eventually decided to go. What could it hurt? Plus, I hadn't had a drink in a while. With that in mind I bounced up the stairs and stripped my clothes in the bathroom floor before jumping into a semi-hot shower since I hadn't let the water heat up long. But as I stood there soaping my hair