Written for October Skies who has been kind enough to beta my stories for me even when I haven't gotten around to fixing all of them yet. Thank you so much for all your work! Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. ~*Sometime in the future*~ It was a strong, dependable truck. The fire engine red paint finish was worn and faded with age to a dull, burnt red. The solid steel fenders were streaked with rust from years of life in a damp, drizzly climate. The engine was noticeably loud even when just idling at a stop light and would protest at being driven over speeds of 50 mph. The interior was as pallid and dated as the exterior, the smell of diesel lingering in the seats. It was a strong, dependable truck. I touched the hood of the truck, a smile gracing my lips as I thought about all the memories it held for me. "Don't throw up okay? I've only got a ten, and if Paul got his teeth into Jacob..." Embry had won that bet against Jared that day. Fifteen bucks. I could remember it so clearly even though it was long ago. "Your truck is slow" "Sorry." I had always been apologizing back then. For everything. ~*March 2006*~ "I'm so sorry." The words slipped easily out of my mouth. The recipient of my words, Sue Clearwater, nodded her head absently. I imagine she had received the same apologetic phrase many times today. Tears streaked down her face, little traces of make-up creating trails upon her cheeks. Her husband Harry Clearwater had died of a heart attack just three days ago. His body had been cremated and he had asked that his ashes be scattered into the ocean, off the cliffs of La Push his home reservation. Harry had been one of my dad Charlie's best friends, a fisherman by nature, and a celebrated elder on the Council of the Quileute tribe. I hugged my arms close to myself, snuggling into the thin, black cardigan I wore as I moved away from Sue to let other mourners share their sympathy. The Olympic Peninsula wind was not kind to those of a human nature today. The cold breeze blowing in off the cliffs caused goose bumps to lift the hairs on my arm in response. I glanced around the bluffs, noting the only ones not affected by the cold weather were Paul, Sam, Jared, Jacob and Embry. Of course not. They weren't human. They were werewolves. I shivered as the brisk wind tossed my long, brown hair in every direction. It caused my dark skirt to billow around my ankles, threatening to trip me as I walked. Not that it needed any help. My clumsiness was legendary and I stayed away from the cliff's edge as I walked over to where the pack was standing. To my surprise they were standing in a group around Seth and Leah Clearwater. As I approached the group, their body language read protective concern for the siblings. It made sense. Harry was an important member of the council and in on the tribe's most closely guarded secret. His funeral had produced a large turnout. I hadn't talked to Jacob since about four days ago. I tried to phone him but Billy had insisted he was busy with the funeral which is why he hadn't been able to talk to me the past few days. I made my way towards the boys, wanting to get a moment alone to catch up with Jacob. I slowed my walk as I neared them, hanging back slightly in hopes of catching Jake's attention without the other's noticing. It's not that I didn't like the pack. Some of them were pretty nice and funny like Embry and Jared. It was just that I got nervous around Sam and Paul. I was pretty sure they didn't like me much since Jake inadvertently let on the secret of their tribe to an outsider. It also didn't help that my ex-boyfriend Edward Cullen was one of their mortal enemies. Thinking of Edward, I glanced over at Sue Clearwater for a moment, a pang of grief wracking me as I compared her loss to mine. The moment Edward had left me that day last August; he may as well have died because a huge part of me died that day as well. My gaze moved from Sue, to Leah and Seth. Whereas Sue and I had both lost the love of our lives, Seth and Leah had lost their father. Seth, usually so bright and cheerful, was openly crying while Jared had a comforting hand on his shoulder. I glanced over to Leah whose face was impassive. At least, that's what I first thought. Upon closer look I could see tears brimming in her coal dark eyes, never falling upon her cheek. She would sometimes swallow a bit convulsively and I got the feeling she didn't want to be seen crying in public. There was a shift of movement behind her and my eyes focused on a crisp white shirt paired with dark black pants, bronze skin and short jet-black hair. Jacob. I smiled and started to step forward just as Jake settled his arm around Leah's shoulder and gave it a soft squeeze. My astonishment at the gesture was doubled when she actually leaned back into his chest and turned her head, laying it there, her hand reaching up to cover his where it rested. There was no mistaking the expression of their bodies locked in what was clearly a lover's comforting embrace. My footstep froze. I felt my confusion mount as I looked at Jake who wasn't even glancing in my direction. It was like he only had eyes for Leah. He was staring at her the same way I had once caught Sam looking upon Emily. It was like she was the earth, moon and sun all in one. I don't know how long I stood there in shock but I heard my name being called and shook my head to clear my stupor. "Bella!" It was Embry who had finally noticed me a few feet away from the pack. "Hi Embry." I managed a tiny, uncertain smile in his direction. My gaze kept shooting back and forth between him and the two lovebirds, questions hovering in my brain that went unasked. Hey Bells," Jake finally looked at me. My smile for him was genuine although I know my puzzlement still lingered on my face. Jacob never usually wasted an opportunity to be next to me and yet he stayed firmly planted by Leah's side. His dark, black eyes that always regarded me with loving adoration were filled with friendly interest and nothing more. "Hey Jake," I replied as I tried to figure out the changes in his behavior. As I watched him, I became aware that Leah was regarding me from underneath her long lashes, her stare cool and reserved. It reminded me of Rosalie, whose golden eyes had the capacity to unnerve me with her long, cold, inscrutable looks. Leah was a human version of that. My voice shook a little as I said, "Hey Leah. I'm really sorry about your Dad." I managed to walk a few steps closer towards the pack, but even without the distance between us, by not having Jake stand next to me, I felt like a complete outsider. My arms instinctively found their way across my stomach in response to that. Leah's stare never wavered as she nodded her head curtly to my words. Still reeling from the awareness of my interloper status, I could hear the hesitation in my voice as I said, "You too Seth." My voice sounded weak. "Thanks Bella," Seth's voice was filled with pain as he responded to me. Sam added his large hand to Seth's other shoulder and he leaned forward to murmur into Seth's ear. It was inaudible to me but the others seemed to be aware of what was being said. I glanced over at Jake who still hadn't left Leah's presence. He was no longer behind her. He was next to her and my eyes didn't miss that their hands were interlocked at the fingers as they stood side by side. "Uh…Jake?" I hated that my voice sounded uncertain as I tried to get his attention. All eyes swiveled to me, butterflies kicking up in my stomach the moment they did. "Can I talk to you?" I inclined my head away from the group, swallowing around the ball of dread that appeared in my throat any time I was the center of attention. It worsened as Jake said, "Now Bella? It's really not a good time." He barely registered a glance my way, his eyes only for the mourning girl in front of him. My heart plummeted and my stomach dropped as I realized I was getting the brush off. From Jacob. What could I say to that? "I guess it can wait." Jared and Sam began leading Seth off towards the wooded areas of the cliffs. Paul trailed after them, glancing over his shoulder at Jacob and Leah, shaking his head and smirking. I found myself wondering what amused him so much as I looked back at those remaining. Jacob and Leah, looking very cozy, along with Embry and I were left. I found myself curious if Embry felt as self-conscious as I did at being with the paramours. "Charlie's probably going to your house," I said to Leah for lack of anything better than another sympathetic apology. "I'll see you guys there?" My statement came out as more of a question, not certain of the reception I'd find at the Clearwater house. "I've got the truck." Jake nodded his head. "We'll see you there." His voice was not unfriendly, but the tone, missing its usual eagerness to please, was foreign to me. Mystified and worried about these changes in him, I longed to talk to him and find out what happened to him. Instead of speaking up though, I just nodded my head and turned to leave. "Hey Bella, can I catch a ride with you and Charlie over to Seth's?" Embry's voice stopped me before I made it two steps. I turned towards him and nodded my head. "Yeah, sure Embry." "Thanks!" He flashed me a large smile, his white teeth contrasting to his dark skin. "See you there Jake. Don't do anything I would do on the way there," he tossed over his shoulder snickering as he strode towards me. Jacob was glowering at Embry before I turned away from the sight of him and Leah. I tried to match my steps to Embry's longer strides but it was nearly impossible without tripping over my feet. Adding to my distress, my mind was replaying the image of Jacob and Leah's embrace over and over, distracting me. What was going on with those two? We approached the truck and I clambered in on the driver's side. "Sorry it's just me," I told Embry as he got in on the other side. "Charlie's got the cruiser." "What are you apologizing for?" Embry asked as he slid smoothly into the passenger seat. "It's cool." I nodded my head and started the truck; completing a three point turn from where everyone had parked haphazardly along the dirt road leading up to the cliffs. As I crept slowly down the dirt road at a sedate 25mph I was unable to prevent myself from saying, "So Jake and Leah huh?" Embry wasn't fooled for a minute by the light, casual disinterested tone in my voice. He shot me a look of sympathy and concern as he agreed, "Yeah. It's kind of a