Authors Note: Summary: Bella is in an accident causes her to lose her memory, she's abducted and trained to become an Assassin for the competing agency to Cullen Enterprises which Edward and his family run. Bella and the Cullen's have known each other all their lives but Bella doesn't remember any of them. How will Edward deal with Bella running from him? Will she ever remember? Violence/Lemons. Note: Hi guys, this is my first try at fanfiction so take it easy on me, I will try my absolute best. I thought it would be fun to do kind of a Bourne Identity twist/ Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Both are a couple of favorites of mine. My story will have romance, none of that lonely crap Jason Bourne does lol. Jacob fans you probably will not want to read, I like Jake in twilight to an extent but this is an Edward and Bella story. There will be violence (fighting/killings- no rape!) and lots of Lemons. Also, keep in mind- I am not an Assassin, or in the mob, or some crazy gangster. I'm just a boring house wife that is addicted to Fanfiction. So that being said I will try to make the story as entertaining but as real as possible. I OWN NOTHING OF TWILIGHT: I simply like to play around with the characters the great Stephanie Meyer created. ? POV I've had a lot of feelings these past two months- Anger, sadness, grief, more anger, confusion but I think the most terrifying and accurate feeling I've had is just feeling lost. Don't get me wrong these past six months I've had my fair share of feeling alone but ever since I started having my "dreams" or flashbacks as I now know they are. I've never felt so alone in my life, I'm sure of it. I just can't get over the feeling like I belong somewhere- to someone. I had a life, a story, happiness. I just know it, and they took it away from me. I guess I'll start from where I can remember since who knows how much of my dreams are just that- dreams. I woke up in a dark room on the floor, only light coming in was from under the metal door across from me. I tried to sit up slowly but every part of my body ached, I was sure I had a few broken ribs, cuts and it felt as if I was bruised from head to toe. I was dressed in what looked like a hospital gown. My first thought was "where am I" and How did I get here. As I laid there trying to get my eyes to adjust to the darkness I started trying to remember what happed to me. I thought the best thing was to put myself where I last remember but I couldn't remember anything. I couldn't remember where I lived, where I was, when I was taken to this place, what I was doing, or who I was with. I started to panic not being able to see anyone or anything in my past. I couldn't even remember my own name. I don't know if I ever had an anxiety attack but that's the best way to describe what was happening to me right then. Right when I thought it couldn't get any worse there was a loud noise from outside the door that seemed to stun me into silence, gone with the anxiety and replaced was an alert feeling. I remember thinking how strange. The door swung open and two men walked in, while one stayed at the door watching me the other placed what seemed to be a tray of food and water. Until then I didn't realize how thirsty I actually was. Both men seemed to be surprised that I was awake and sitting up. They seemed to be calculating waiting for something. It was a few minutes of this silent staring/glaring match we seemed to be in the middle of until the man at the door moved aside to let a very tall dark skinned man with dark short hair and huge arms. I immediately knew he was in charge of the two silent idiots who seemed to shift uncomfortably when he walked in. The huge guy cocked his head to the side and took a step towards me. I immediately shot up the wall I was against, surprised at myself for being able to move that quickly considering how much sitting up hurt a few minutes ago. My sudden movement seemed to surprise all three men since their eyes widened just the slightest until they composed themselves again. Big guy as I know referred to in my head stopped his movement and just grinned at me seeming pleased with my sudden defensive posture. I could feel my lips curl and what I could only describe a growl like sound forming in the back of my throat. This seemed to only amuse the big guy further as he started to chuckle quietly to himself. I started to actively think of ways to kill this man, which should have terrified me considering I couldn't say my name if asked so how the hell did I know that I could do anything to the huge muscle man that looked as if he could kill someone with his bare hands. Strangely enough I felt confident, don't get it wrong there was three of these morons surrounding me right then so I was still scared shitless. I didn't think I would get far if I attacked this man with dumb and dumber standing behind him. I was pulled out of my crazy ass killing/ plotting thoughts when big guy spoke "Hello I'm Jacob, I'm so glad to finally see you awake, we were worried about you, how are you feeling?" I just narrowed my eyes, how do you think fuckstick? Okay so apparently I said that aloud as he just threw his head back and evilly laughed. He seemed to sober himself up and narrowed his eyes slightly. This guy seriously had some kind of multiple personality shit going on. "Don't test me, eat, drink and rest up we start tomorrow your obviously ready" he said looking me up and down slowly. I could feel the hairs on my neck stand up at the creepy way he was looking at me. As he turned to walk out I seemed not to be able to control my outburst "what do you mean we start tomorrow, where am I? I want to go home!" I seethed. He slowly turned around with a grin and that same evil gleam in his eye, it seemed I was not in on some kind of inside joke he had going on in his head. "And where would home be?" he asked as if knowing the answer already. I could feel the panic starting up again but tried my best to remain unfazed by his comment. His grin widened letting me know I was not fooling him. "This is your home now, I suggest you get used to it, rest up your gonna need it" He finished walking out the door. The two morons I temporarily forgot were still in the room followed him out slamming the door shut, leaving me alone with the darkness again. I immediately slide down the wall to the floor. I felt I wanted to scream, cry, throw things. It seemed a little strange to me that I only thought about what was to come to me tomorrow in passing, my main thoughts revolved around trying to remember who I was and If I had anyone that would be looking for me. I felt that I did which made me all the more frustrated as I could not picture them in my mind. My life took a dramatic ass turn after that night, I didn't see much of Jacob but I always knew he was watching. The 2 weeks were absolutely brutal, I was beaten tortured, starved. I know this was the "Breaking me in" faze of my training. At this point I had no dreams or flash backs of my past just nightmares of what was happening during the day seemed to torment me at night too. After exactly 15 days since I "woke up" I was moved to the living quarters. There I met several other girls and men going through the same fate as me but they seemed to always be talking about their past and home life's. I couldn't understand why I was the only one still unable to remember who I was. We were trained all day and night. Everything you could think of we learned, I was turned out to be quite the assassin only a few months in, which let me know I have done this before on some level. I don't know how or why but it seemed like instinct on most of the stuff we did. Jacob and his men seemed to know more about my past than they would let on which irritated me to no end, the story that I was told was that I was an orphan with no family which is why I was recruited. This of course made no damn sense since most of the shit we would learn I would already know or pick up easily. The other "subjects" didn't seem to have the experience that was imbedded in me. I was taught I was sure of it but Jacob would only laugh and tell me I was just special. The creep would always look at me like a hung the fuckin moon. Disgusting . Four months after "waking up" I was the best in every category, including the instructors. Jacob was too much of a pussy to ever train with us, I was always itching to get my hands on him. I doubt I would have been able to not kill him if I did though. I knew I was just biting my time until they let their guard down so I could get out of there. I robotically did everything that was asked of me. In their eyes I was the perfect subject which seemed to only make Jacob fall in love with me more. I was running out of time. Okay okay, so the assholes almost got me. I started to think that maybe going out on my own would be bad. If I couldn't even remember where to go or who to go home to so what did it matter right? I was well fed and cared for after my "breaking point" and I was getting good at what I did. Trained Assassins were eventually let out to live and traveled all around the world for jobs and paid ridiculous amount of money to be at the Agencies beck and call when they need them. I had the feeling that's not what Jacob had planned for me, and I was not down for what I thought that ass wanted. The day I really thought what it would be like to stay at the agency was the night I had my first dream. I was sitting in a classroom filled with kids, I didn't seem to belong there. The bell rang and I gathered my books and started walking to the cafeteria keeping my head down. I found a seat at the pack of the room and I quickly took it before it filled up and I would have to sit next to other students. I could hear the whispers directing towards me- the new kid when the seat next to me was pulled out harshly and down plopped was a small pixie like girl with short black spiky hair and bright blue eyes. I instinctively scooted away from the weird crazy girl who was looking at me with a strange faraway look. Her eyes seemed to kind of glaze over. She then nodded like she decided