This is Part 4 of the "Perfectly Normal" fic series, that begins with "The Definition of Normal". The first story in the series sets up the point of divergence, where Harry strives to be more "normal" to please the Dursleys. The second and third stories give alternate versions of the first and second books of the Harry Potter series. This fourth fic will include some key events from HP & the Prisoner of Azkaban, but will otherwise bear little resemblance to the canonical story, having drifted well away from canon over the course of the series. If you love slow and realistic character development, a smart & manipulative Harry, pure-blood culture, sane!Voldemort, and new twists on an old story, then give this series a try! Series content is rated K+ with no warnings except for child neglect/abuse (roughly at a level as per canon). June, 1993 Harry gained another cousin at the start of summer. Oh, not a Dursley, there were quite enough of them in the world already, even if Dudley was starting to grow on him lately. Dudley had even been helping hide his pet snake from his aunt and uncle. No, Harry gained a new cousin when he'd run into Narcissa Malfoy at the St. Mungo's two hundred galleon a plate fundraising dinner at the end of June. He was attempting to make awkward small talk with some people four or more times his age at his assigned table in the Ministry ballroom as he sipped a Butterbeer, while they lingered over goblets of fine white wine while awaiting the arrival of the entrée. He tugged nervously at the tight collar of his dress robes – the gold embroidery on the black fabric looked lovely, but made the edge of the high collar a little scratchy where it kept rubbing against his neck and chin. It really was a bit small now – he'd bought it on his first visit to Diagon Alley, and that was two years ago now. He felt glad he'd dressed up for the occasion, though – everyone present was either wearing formal robes or a fancy outfit with a vest and cape, or an old-fashioned gown. And there was not a single person there anywhere near his own age, much to his embarrassment. He wished the person at St. Mungo's he'd been corresponding with had warned him of that. He guessed they were just too keen at the thought of securing another donor for the privately-funded hospital, not that he could do that much to help them while he only had access to his trust vault. When the pale-haired witch in a tight-waisted mushroom-coloured evening gown with puffed sleeves stopped by his table, he assumed at first that she was another fan coming to congratulate him on his parents dying (well, not that they said or meant it like that, but that's how he took it). Or perhaps someone who was going to hint about how they knew about his talent as a Parselmouth, and how impressed they were about that, and did Harry know how important and powerful and pure-blooded they themselves were? "Mr. Potter," the witch said politely, with a small curtsey, "it's a pleasure to meet you at last cousin, my son Draco has told me so much about you." "Oh! Mrs. Malfoy," he said, standing up politely and bowing as he gave her silk-gloved hand a polite peck, "it's a pleasure to meet you too, ma'am. And thank you again for the Christmas gift; Storm loves his enchanted rocks." "Is he here this evening?" she asked curiously. Harry glanced nervously at the people at his table watching their conversation intently. "Well ah, yes, but in my pocket. I didn't want to upset anyone. But it's not safe for him at home without me – the Parkinson family's gift was a lovely one, but I'm not really supposed to have a pet at home, and they certainly wouldn't approve of a snake. Especially not a magical one." "Are you saying you have your pet snake with you? Here?" asked an elderly witch at his table. She seemed more fascinated than alarmed, which was reassuring. "Yes, I'll show him to you if you like?" Storm was happy to escape the smothering confines of Harry's robe pocket and be carefully passed around for admiration of his beautiful shimmering rainbow scales. And Harry was thrilled that people didn't panic at his quietly hissed instructions to Storm to behave. One old man nervously excused himself to mingle elsewhere, and another refused to hold Storm, but those were the worst reactions he got. "So may I call you Harry, cousin? For my husband has no objections to my claiming the relationship between our families. I was Narcissa Black before I joined hands with Lucius – my great-aunt Dorea, your grandmother, used to come to our family celebrations all the time. We are second cousins." Harry hesitated, but only briefly. While Draco's father made him nervous, she seemed nice enough, and claiming a relationship really was mostly just a polite formality (unless done by the Head of a family), not used for much except to help build alliances or acknowledge that you were too closely related to marry. And the latter certainly wasn't a consideration in this case! "Certainly, cousin Narcissa," he said politely. She smiled delightedly at him, and as he reclaimed his snake, she offered to furnish him with some introductions to various people attending the event. She apologised to him as they wandered off to mingle that neither her husband nor son were attending the event on this "evening of the summer solstice", with a meaningful look. "Just the two of them? Draco doesn't have any siblings, does he?" Harry asked curiously. Narcissa looked sad and wistful for a moment. "I regret to say he does not." She forced her face into a smile again. "So what is your design in coming hence this evening, what goal are you trying to accomplish?" She must have been a Slytherin , Harry thought. "Uh, well it seemed like a good cause, mostly," he said. "Because unlike in the Muggle world, it seems that the hospitals here rely entirely on donations, and on fees charged to patients, to fund everything. And I'm also interested in eventually becoming a Healer." "Well then," she smiled, "let me introduce you to my dear friend Healer Miriam Strout, who works in the Janus Thickey Ward, and the very charming Healer-in-Charge Hippocrates Smethwyck, who holds a very prestigious position in running the 'Dangerous' Dai Llewellyn Ward, and whom many say is next in line to take over St. Mungo's when the current Warlock retires." Harry didn't really mind the motherly Healer Strout, who clucked over him being at the event without his guardians, and worried about his snake. But he got on better with Healer Smethwyck, who was well used to odd creatures, as creature-induced injuries were his ward's area of specialisation. Storm also approved of the latter Healer the most, who was happy to fearlessly admire his brilliant scales up close. "Now that's a creature I've only seen in books," he said, holding Storm up and turning him about so the light glinted off his scales, bringing out the bright rainbow shimmer. "There was an interesting case I heard about where a champion racehorse lost a leg to one of these beautiful snakes. The jaws clamped down, you see, and since it's illegal to kill the Wonambi and due to the difficulties of regrowing limbs severed by magical creatures, they eventually... Well, perhaps that's not a story to be told over dinner!" he laughed boisterously. "My wife's always telling me off for that sort of thing. To cut a long story short, they regrew the leg just fine, and the snake wasn't harmed." Storm, unsurprisingly, loved the partial story when Harry translated it for him. Healer Smethwyck told him if he didn't end up being a Healer, with a talent like that there'd be a grand opportunities for him harvesting snake venom and parts for potions ingredients. As a bell rang to announce the start of the feast proper, Harry gave a polite bow in farewell, which Healer Smethwyck returned after a startled smile. Narcissa promised to come and find him after dinner, which he found he didn't mind at all. There was a rather mysterious meal full of unidentifiable foods that required far too many forms of cutlery, including a dessert of sugary flowers that floated in the air above your plate and bobbed up and down while you tried to catch them with little silver tongs. They stopped trying to float once you dipped them in the berry sauce. Thank goodness for the book on dining and party etiquette that Mrs. Parkinson had recommended he buy back in first year, or he would've been completely lost. After dinner, Narcissa smugly reported to him that the Minister for Magic would like to be introduced to him, if he didn't mind. Harry wasn't keen on the society photographer who hovered to take yet more photos of him, but was very interested in the opportunity to meet the Minister. And Minister Fudge was very interested to meet him, or at least be photographed shaking his hand. "You're most welcome to stop by my office if you want to come and take a tour of the Ministry some time, Harry!" he said, still shaking his hand. Harry knew an opportunity when he heard one. He just hoped he wouldn't stuff it up. "That would be marvellous, thank you so much, sir! I'm hoping to visit the Ministry soon, Minister Fudge," he said, with a polite smile. "It would be good to finally sort out reclaiming Potter Cottage for the Potter family." "Ah, yes, one of our most popular historical landmarks," smiled Fudge. "Your family's sacrifice has not been forgotten, I assure you. It's much beloved by the public. Why there's a Knight Bus special tour that stops there every week, simply packed with well-wishers some days." "And the Cottage was left to me explicitly in my parents' will," Harry said, glancing at the society photographer who was continuing to take photos. "It's been difficult sorting things out with the Ministry administration!" he laughed. "They've been simply marvellous, really, but all that red tape is hard for a boy like me to navigate. I'm not even allowed to make repairs to the roof, let alone claim it properly. A bit of attention from you Minister, and I'm sure it could all be sorted out much faster. I'd really appreciate the assistance if you can spare the time from your busy schedule." Fudge kept smiling, though perhaps a shade less genuinely, and dropped Harry's hand at last. "Oh, you poor thing," cooed Narcissa, smoothing a hand comfortingly over Harry's tidy hair. "Of course you want to reclaim your parents' old cottage. The previous administration and your parents' executor made a rather singular call there, didn't they? I must admit I had never thought about the matter before! But I'm sure Minister Fudge will sort out such a grievous mistake now he's aware of it too. Why to think, the Boy-Who-Lived, an orphan , his family home stolen from him by a mountain of paperwork!" Harry spotted her approach, which he hadn't thought of or considered before - people usually never felt sorry for him about anything so it wasn't a technique he used much. But she knew the Minister better than he did, and thus probably knew what would work best. He looked up at Narcissa with calculatedly big wide sad eyes and a tremulous smile. "It's hard sometimes, knowing that I don't really properly own my parents' home like they wanted me to. I think they'd be sad about that." The society photographer for the Daily Prophet was scribbling some notes down on a roll of parchment, and Fudge's smile became even more tight and thin. "Well don't fret another minute, I'll