A/N: Because you demanded it, you crazy skim-reading people! Inspired by my other similarly titled fic, "Hermione Granger, Demonologist", and the dozen or so people who reported that they read its title wrong on their first glance. This one's for all of you, and especially for Astramancer, Kate in Space, and bluspacecow who thought it really should be written. Please enjoy this little bit of silliness that somehow blew out into a long and unexpectedly serious fic. Hermione's ambition was sparked in first year, in her very first Potions lesson where they brewed a Boil Cure Potion. She could barely believe what she overheard Professor Snape tell Goyle, one of his Slytherin students who wanted an explanation of what the potion did. It would cure boils, and other similar pus-filled bumps on the skin, and even the most virulent pustules like those caused by diseases like Dragon Pox or Spattergroit would be helped to recede (though not be entirely eliminated) by the topical application of the potion. Hermione tuned out of her eavesdropping as her teacher explained in an irritated whisper to Goyle what "topical" meant and how it had nothing at all to do with pineapples and bananas. Hermione had realised what else it would probably cure. Pimples . Smear it on your skin and your blemishes should be gone within minutes . She crushed her snake fangs and stewed the horned slugs with the utmost attention to detail. Forget bottling fame or brewing glory, this easy first year potion could do both of those things, and make you incredibly rich to boot. All she'd have to do was find a way to mass produce it for Muggles in a way that wouldn't draw the attention of the wizarding world. There could be an incredible future for her in marketing her own line of skin and hair care products! Nettles, snake fangs, horned slugs, and porcupine quills. Difficult, but not too exotic. Nothing too magical. And if she could only manufacture small quantities? Well, there would still be people willing to pay through the nose for tiny jars of her very exclusive remedy. While the rest of the class was distracted by Neville's horrible accident – poor boy – with her hands trembling from excitement and nerves she covertly ladled as much potion as she could into every single one of her spare glass phials. Now all she needed was a test subject, and she knew just who to ask – Eloise Midgen. Her dormmate had a number of unattractive blemishes that reminded Hermione of her very own humiliating experience with getting a big fat pimple right on the tip of her nose on school photo day a few months ago. Except Eloise's face was spotted all over with reddened skin and pus-filled pimples that looked ready to burst at any moment. They hadn't hit it off so far in their first week at Hogwarts. Eloise had asked what Hermione's favourite Quidditch team was, and "none of them" wasn't an answer that had met with her approval. Hermione had tried with brave persistence to find something else to bond over by talking about their respective favourite books, but her new favourite Hogwarts, A History didn't inspire Eloise who favoured the Enchanted Encounters series of romances. Both girls were rather unimpressed with the other's incomprehensibly dull tastes. Parvati Patil had cooed in agreement with Eloise about the romance of the latest Enchanted Encounters book all about destined soul mates finding each other, with what Hermione had pronounced a dreadfully poor grasp of the statistical likelihood of finding the one person among billions who was destined just for you. The two had taken great offence to her sneering scepticism about destined love. In an ill-fated attempt to keep the peace amongst her new acquaintances, Lavender Brown had cheerfully attempted to change the topic by volunteering that she loved reading the comic book The Adventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggle . Far from calming the situation down, however, it had started Hermione off on a shocked rant about the condescending and discriminatory attitudes against "Muggles" that appeared to be rife in wizarding society. But the uncomfortable tension so thick in the air of their dorm you could almost feel it was soon to disappear. For on Friday afternoon Hermione was practically bouncing up and down she was so excited to chat with her dormmates about that morning's Potions class. Hermione waited with great anticipation in the dorm for Eloise to return from wherever she'd wandered off to after their last class, while Lavender re-braided Parvati's long dark hair for her, chatting with her amicably about which teachers they liked the best. Hermione was pacing up and down, ignored by the other two girls, when Eloise finally arrived. With a beaming smile, Hermione rushed up to her and said, "Eloise! I'm so glad you're here! Wasn't Potions class fantastic today?" Eloise blinked, and looked very taken aback by her enthusiastic greeting. "Uh, I didn't really like the professor much. I didn't think you did either? He didn't let you answer any questions, even though you obviously knew the answers." "Ooh, he was dreadful wasn't he?" agreed Lavender. "The way he picked on Potter was really mean. And he didn't explain things very well at all." "That's all quite true," Hermione said with a nod, which seemed to please her. "I didn't think much of Professor Snape's teaching methods either. But Potions itself is going to be such a wonderful subject! The possibilities are incredible!" Parvati shrugged wordlessly, and shared a sceptical look over her shoulder with Lavender. Eloise grudgingly said, "I guess. Maybe." Hermione twirled one of her locks of bushy hair nervously as she took a deep breath and asked Eloise the question she'd been dying to ask since that morning. "So, Eloise, I was wondering if you'd help me test a potion? I don't want to offend you, though. So if you don't trust my brewing I'll understand. I'd be happy to brew it again if you're at all unsure. You can say no if you want to." "Test what potion?" "The Boil Cure Potion," Hermione said, nervously. "I don't have any boils," Eloise said, looking a bit offended. Lavender tittered in amusement. "Your um, pimples," Hermione explained. "I'm pretty sure it could cure them. Instantly." "Blessed Merlin!" Lavender exclaimed in amazement, dropping the brush in her hand with a clatter to the stone flagstones as her hands rose up to her cheeks. "Do you really think it could do that? I'm so scared of getting pimples! My peaches and cream complexion would be utterly ruined !" Eloise sat down on her bed with a heavy thud, looking shocked. But at least she didn't look offended. "Me too!" cried Hermione. "I got a big one on my nose earlier this year, and it was awful , I was so embarrassed and my mother said it's just part of growing up and probably no-one would even notice. But I've seen so many teenagers with scars from acne it gets so bad! I get teased enough because of my hair and teeth, I don't want to add my skin to the list of reasons everyone thinks I look dreadful." "Oh, you don't look that bad, you're quite pretty really!" Lavender kindly rushed to reassure her. "And a bit of Sleekeazy's Hair Potion would smooth your hair down beautifully! It's so thick and long, it just needs a bit of care and it would look wonderful, I promise!" "I don't know, I've never had any hair products make it look any good before," Hermione said doubtfully. "Hairspray was just a disaster." "Oh, this one is fantastic, I promise-" started Lavender, before Eloise interrupted her. "-Do you really think it would work?" Eloise asked Hermione, eyes wide and hopeful. "I never thought of trying a potion. And we don't really have the Galleons for luxuries like that at home in any case." "It should! The theory is sound," Hermione said. "I double checked in some other textbooks at lunch time and apparently it reverses the spots caused by the Pimple Jinx. Also, I asked Neville what Madam Pomfrey used to cure his boils, and he said she used a blue potion, so I expect it's just the same as the cure we brewed in class." "I wish I could try it, then," moaned Eloise. "But mine didn't work, and the whole cauldron contents just got vanished in any case." Hermione rummaged in her robe pocket and drew out a vial of shimmering navy-blue potion. "But I kept mine! I really wanted to try it. That is, if it's alright with you." "Is it ever!" Eloise said eagerly. "You're a great friend, Hermione." Hermione straightened up proudly from her slightly nervous hunch. "Let's try it then!" With Parvati holding a silver-handled mirror up so Eloise could watch the procedure, Hermione cautiously dabbed on a little of the potion onto one of the smaller lumpy red pimples with a clean hanky. The potion foamed gently on the spot as soon as it touched her skin, and a couple of minutes later after it stopped bubbling, Hermione wiped it away to reveal beautifully smooth skin without even a touch of redness. "You are a genius! It's incredible!" babbled Eloise gratefully. "Let's do the rest!" Soon, her face was carefully covered in a layer of pale blue foam, and after it was all cleared off she sobbed with joy to see her skin so clear. She hugged Hermione in gratitude, who was startled but pleased to be pounced upon. Like she was a friend . Appreciated for something over than doing someone's homework for them, which had been the only way she'd ever gained anything like friends in primary school. "That was really kind of you," said Parvati wonderingly. "I didn't know you cared about uh… cosmetic things. I thought you only cared about books, like my sister Padma." Hermione patted Eloise gently on the back, after which Eloise let her go and returned to admiring her restored complexion in Parvati's mirror. "Well I really do love books!" Hermione babbled excitedly. "They can teach you so much! Did you know there's all kinds of potions that affect your skin and hair? I'm only just starting to research them. I came across a reference to a Hair-Raising Potion that can make your hair stand on end! Isn't that funny? But you know, I'm hoping to find some more medical potions for skin conditions, and if I can't find them I think I might try to invent them once I know more about the subject. Imagine if I could find a cure for skin cancers! I always thought it would be a fine thing to become a doctor, and now I'm thinking I might become a dermatologist." "A derma-what? What's that?" asked Parvati. "And what's a skin cancer?" "They're Muggle words, I guess. A dermatologist is like a Healer who specialises in just looking after problems with a patient's skin or hair. And skin cancer is like… weird spots on your skin, where a mole starts getting bigger or itchy. They can be really dangerous. They're odd growths that usually have to be cut out of your skin if you don't want them to spread. At worst, they can be life threatening if they metastasize, and at best you end up with a scar. Sorry, I'm not an expert so I might be getting my definitions a little wrong." Hermione hated getting things wrong. She'd have to see if she could borrow a school owl to beg her parents to send her some medical textbooks, so she could give her a better answer later – a more precise quote. "They sound dreadful!" gasped Parvati. "What a wonderful ambition!" gushed Lavender. "I'm going to owl mother and ask to send me some of Sleekeazy's potion for you to try." "Have you thought about brewing some Bruisewort Balm?" Eloise suggested. "It's really