Disclaimer: R.R. owns it all. Every right and regulation and sentence etc. You guys know the drill. oooOOOooo "Leo," Piper said, gently pushing her friend with an outstretched hand. "Leo, wake up." Whether it was charmspeak at work or just the son of Hephaestus reacting to her voice, Leo shot up straight in his chair, eyes wide open the moment Piper's hand made contact with his shoulder. "I'm awake," he said dumbly, bleary eyed and probably still half asleep. Piper grinned and shook her head, helping him up out of his chair. "Leo, you were snoring. You were dead to the world." He flinched. "Sorry," Piper murmured. "Bad choice of words." He shrugged standing straight up, taking in his surroundings as if trying to remember where he was. Piper took in the surroundings as well. It was June the 3rd (or at least it had been. It may be past midnight by now) and they were in Bunker 9. The Argo II was very close to being finished. Apparently all that was left was protection things. The Hecate cabin were casting protection spells, regaining their strength and then casting even more. Leo and the Hephaestus cabin were handling building and installing while Annabeth was drilling the Athena cabin to make the plans, add in any extra weapon they could and improve the already built structure plans. She was working them all to the bone, every Athena camper had bags under their eyes, dragged the limbs when they walked and were all as tired as the Hephaestus kids. Sometimes Piper wondered who was really in charge here, Annabeth or Leo. Speaking of Annabeth- "We should wake her up," Leo muttered, watching her with a strange expression on his face. "She's been sleeping here every night for days …" Piper shook her head. "Don't. She needs the rest. If we wake her up now she'll just work herself harder so that she won't fall asleep again. Plus she has a knife that she can use pretty well even when she's half asleep. Believe me, I've been there." Leo looked back up at her. "We can't just leave her here." Piper watched the daughter of Athena, watched as her forehead creased and her mouth moved in silent words. It looked like she was having a nightmare. Piper heard only one word, and even that was a quiet mutter. She was surprised she heard it at all considering the low humming of every single machine in the place and the other electronics that were doing their work, not needing to take a break to sleep. Then again, she may have only been reading Annabeth's lips- the name was spoken so often around here it wasn't hard to lip read it anymore. "Percy," the blonde girl whimpered and Piper bit her lip in indecision. Leo frowned again, making Piper certain he had heard her too. But he ignored it, pressing on with his earlier comment. "We'll carry her." He finally said. "What?" Piper exclaimed quietly. "All the way back to the Athena Cabin?" Leo shrugged. "Sure, why not? You've got arm muscle, I know that for a fact from all the punches you oh-so-kindly give me," he shot her a mock glare. "And I've been working on the Argo II for months so it's bound to have given me some strength…" "I could go get Jason," Piper offered, blushing slightly when she said the name. She and Jason had been dating for a couple of months now but she still wasn't completely used to it. "No way, he's probably asleep already," Leo objected. "Besides, how heavy can Annabeth be? We can do this." Piper saw the determination in his eyes and wondered suddenly why he was pushing so hard. She really didn't see the harm in Annabeth sleeping out here again, the girl did it every night. But both Annabeth and Leo were Piper's friends so she just shrugged instead of saying anything. "Alright then," she said. "But if we end up dropping her in a river or something it's your fault." "C'mon Beauty Queen, there's no rivers around here," Leo muttered. "There is," she said, moving to stand beside Leo and slip her arms under Annabeth's back and head. "It's just a little ways away from here." Leo shrugged and whispered in return. "I've never seen it. Besides, we'll take the path. It's the safest and fastest way. No water. Ready? 1,2,3 lift." Piper wasn't sure whether she should be jealous of how light Annabeth was or worried. She wasn't the only one who had noticed Annabeth was hardly eating anymore. A bite of toast at breakfast, a bowl of soup at lunch and maybe several big spoonful's of macaroni and cheese at supper surely wasn't enough for someone her age. Hades, it wasn't enough for a 10 year old. Piper didn't know if it was Annabeth being too distracted to notice, thinking about the Argo II or the upcoming quest, or whether it was worry over her boyfriend being missing. Leo seemed to be thinking the same thing. As they lifted he shifted Annabeth's legs slightly. "She's lighter than I thought," he muttered, that crease appearing between his eyebrows once more. Worry. "She's just been working it all off," Piper said, perhaps a bit too defensively. She knew Annabeth and Leo were friends, good friends, but Piper and Annabeth were also good friends. Annabeth hated people pitying her or worrying about her. Unless it was Percy, Piper guessed. She had heard many stories about Percy and Annabeth. How Percy was the only one who could calm Annabeth down, or even talk to her when she was angry. How Percy had gone and fought the Titan Atlas just because Annabeth was kidnapped. How she had been stabbed on a bridge in the Battle of Manhattan and how Percy's face as he went to see her in the camps headquarters (a random hotel) was pure worry, desperation and fear. The campers had all made sure to get out of his way. At least that's what Piper had heard. She hadn't seen any of it with her own eyes of course. But she wanted to. She wanted to see Percy be the only one to calm Annabeth down and get through to her on her worst days. She wanted to see Annabeth get jealous of Drew flirting with Percy. Piper wanted to see Percy worry over Annabeth when she got a little cut during Capture the Flag. But mostly she just wanted to see them together . To see what all the campers here were really talking about when they said that the couple were so in love nothing else mattered or even existed. She wanted to see a love like that because even though she was a daughter of Aphrodite, she hadn't seen much of it. Not these days. "Beauty Queen?" Leo interrupted her thoughts and she realized that they were already outside Bunker Nine. "Huh?" She asked dumbly, remembering to be quiet at the last moment. She shifted Annabeth's weight slightly, surprised even more when the older girl didn't even stir. Gods, she must have been really tired to not even notice she was being transported from Bunker Nine to Cabin Six. How tired did someone have to be to not notice that? A demigod, no less, someone who was trained to have a guard up at all times, keep one eye open while they slept, etc. "How did you know I was in Bunker Nine?" Leo asked her, just as quietly. He was looking at her curiously and Piper rolled her eyes. "Where else would you be, Repair Boy?" Leo smiled. "But why did you come?" He asked. "You fall asleep there every night," Piper said. "I figured tonight you could take a break, get some sleep in your own bed for once." "I do not fall asleep there every night!" "Sure you don't," Piper said disbelieving. "It's not like I come out here at least once a week and wake you up to drag your butt back to Camp." "But why ? Why not just leave me out there like Annabeth?" "Because we're friends, Repair Boy, any more stupid questions?" Annabeth whimpered once more in her sleep and Piper shifted her hold slightly, lowering her voice. "I do wake Annabeth once in a while, by the way. It's just… she needs all the rest she can get." Leo nodded. "I get it," he said, watching the blonde for signs of anymore discomfort. "Do you ever wonder what they'd be like if they were actually together again?" He asked her. Piper knew immediately who he was talking about. Percy and Annabeth. Or, as her cabin liked to call them, Percabeth. "All the time," she replied. "I've heard so many stories…" "Me too," Leo said. "All those quests they did together, and then that one where he went to rescue her. Did you hear the story about Rachel?" "Yeah," Piper grinned. Apparently Annabeth and Rachel hadn't always been as close as Piper thought. It had been an almost love triangle between them and Percy. It was funny, if you thought about it. Considering how close Rachel and Annabeth were these days. They were quiet for several steps more before Leo spoke again, almost too quiet to hear. "Do you think everyone gets a love like they have?" Piper shot him a sideways glance but he was staring straight ahead so she looked away. "I don't know," she finally replied. "I know people don't always end up with the people they're supposed to be with. But I think everyone experiences what they have, sometime in their life. You know, first loves, or the people they end up marrying. Maybe a fling they wish had lasted longer. Maybe a relationship killed by distance or something else." She shrugged. "I don't know." Leo was quiet for a while after that, taking in her words. "Do you think we'll ever find a love like that?" The question hung in the air and Jason's face flashed in Piper's mind before Leo laughed quietly. "What am I saying, you and Jason are together. You guys already have a great love like Percy and Annabeth." Leo shook his head. "My bad, Beauty Queen, I forgot. I keep thinking things are just like they've always been." Piper paused again, watching her friend. Was that a note of jealousy in his voice? Or bitterness? She thought back, to the past days, weeks and even months. Did Leo feel shut out, discluded because of Jason and her starting to date? Did he feel like the third wheel more often than not now? Now that she thought about it, she and Jason had been spending more time together than usual. Worrying over the war, distracting one another from whatever task they had to do. In fact Piper had hardly seen Leo at all apart from the times when she occasionally remembered and came to wake him up in Bunker Nine. He was always in here, planning, improving, adjusting and calibrating. Piper didn't understand most of it, wasn't able to follow his conversations with the rest of the Hephaestus and Athena campers. She tried to stay out of his way because she had learned from experience that most of the time she was only in the way. She had thought he liked being alone to work. She had thought he needed that time to himself. But maybe he missed her and Jason and the way things had always been between the three of them. They were best friends after all. "You'll find somebody," she eventually murmured, looking over at him. "Any girl would be lucky to have you. I mean that." Leo shrugged as well as you can shrug while carrying a 120 pound girl. "Maybe," he said. "I guess I just haven't met her yet, huh?" Piper bit her lip. She wasn't good at things like this, relationship advice and keeping people hopeful that they