Disclaimer: I don't own anything. oooOOOooo "Annabeth!" Athena called from downstairs in the kitchen. "Hurry up, your bus is waiting!" Annabeth checked herself in the mirror one last time, screwing shut the lid to her pink lipgloss. "Coming!" She yelled back, "don't worry, it'll wait a bit longer!" She could practically hear the frown on her mother's face at her words. She definitely heard the impatience and the disapointment in her tone. "If you miss that bus, young lady, I promise you..." She trailed off, but Annaebth got the threat loud and clear. She rolled her eyes and grabbed the strap of her purse, rushing out the door of her bathroom to the stairs, practically flying down them to the hall and out the front door. "Bye mom, bye dad!" She called out hurriedly behind her. "Bye honey!" Frederick Chase yelled back at her. "Do your best!" Athena barked out after her father. Annabeth slowed down a few feet in front of the bus, wiping a stray curl of hair from her face. She collected herself, took a deep breath, and stepped onto the bus. She immediately had to resist the urge to wrinkle her nose. The kids around her were either just that, kids too young to drive, or unpopular teens with no sense of how to arrive to school in style. She looked around and took a tentative step forward, finally spotting an empty seat. She checked it for any signs of disfigurement, any stains or wet spots. When it passed the test she sat down, resisting the urge to stand up and just walk off the large yellow vehicle. You used to ride the bus all the time, she told herself. Calm down. She took a breath, clutching her purse on her lap to avoid it touching anything unnecesarily. The bus had just jerked forwards, finally moving, when a moderately pretty girl with brown hair and blue eyes turned around from in front of Annabeth to speak to her. "You don't want to sit there." The girl said. Annabeth raised an eyebrow, not used to people telling her what to do. "Why not?" "Percy Jackson sits there," the girl said hushed, like it was a secret. "Every day since he moved here. He's never let anybody else sit there and won't move for anybody." Annabeth smiled at the girl, unconcerned. "I'm sure he won't mind me sitting here." The girl shook her head. "He will," she assured Annabeth. "He doesn't move for anybody." Annabeth shrugged a shoulder, still trying to think of who Percy Jackson even was. "I'll be fine." The girl looked at her in disbelief. She was silent for a few seconds before her eyes shot towards the bus doors that had just opened to let on a teenage guy with raven black hair. "Don't say I didn't warn you," was the last words she muttered to Annabeth before turning back around. Annabeth stared at the back of her head in shock. What was the big deal about a stupid bus seat? Who was that girl to tell Annabeth Chase where she could and could not sit anyway? From the looks of it, that girl didn't even know how to pencil in her eyebrows right. A figure suddenly blocked out the sun and Annabeth glanced over to find the boy who had just gotten on standing in the middle of the bus aisle and staring down at her. He was tan, tall and muscular, she noticed. His body, from what she could see, was definitely attractive. She looked up at his face, about to open her mouth and speak, when she met his eyes and suddenly found her throat going dry. The black hair complimented his tan face very well, and his teeth were perfectly white and straight. But none of that made any impression on Annabeth. What she was staring at were his eyes. Perfectly sea green, they held so much depth and emotion that Annabeth was breathless. They could be enrapturing, she was sure, if he was happy. As it was Annabeth was still caught up in them. Even though he wasn't happy. In fact, he looked puzzled. "You're in my seat." He said stupidly. She was snapped out of staring at his eyes- because that's what she had been doing, she realized in mortification, staring- to glancing at his lips. They were good lips, she saw. Very attractive. She always had loved guys with nice lips... Finally she understood what he had just said and frowned. "Excuse me?" She asked him. Cute or not, nobody spoke to her like that. He cleared his throat, a bored expression taking place on his face, replacing the almost shy one that had been there for less than a second. "That's my seat." He stated. So this must have been Percy Jackson. Annabeth didn't really remember seeing him around before. "Oh." Annabeth said, and glanced down. "Well I'm really comfortable here, so..." The boy who was sitting across the aisle from her stuck his head around Percy. "But that's his seat," he said, as if that explained everything and was a good enough reason for Annabeth to just get up and move. "I'm sorry," she said sweetly. "I didn't realize we were in third grade." The boy, who looked maybe a couple of years younger than Annabeth herself, blushed slightly before pulling back, muttering something to himself. Percy was quiet throughout the whole ordeal but at Annabeth's answer he snorted. She grinned, assuming he was laughing at the boy, before she looked up and saw he was staring at her with something like disappointment in his eyes. He was laughing at her. Well screw him, she thought to herself. But she didn't look away from him. Percy shook his head slightly before sitting with the boy across from Annabeth, not saying a word the entire time. When he sat down he turned to the boy and Annabeth heard snatches of their conversation. "Hey Nico," Percy said. "Perce." Nico said, before glancing towards Annabeth again. She noticed all of that out of the corner of her eye. "Why didn't you make her move?" She glanced up in time to meet Percy's eyes, turned back towards her. They held contact for a moment, before Annabeth dropped hers and turned, facing forwards instead of sideways in her seat. She saw Percy shrug out of her peripheral vision. "It's just a seat man. Besides, do you honestly think she would have moved?" She didn't hear anything after that. oooOOOooo Annabeth had practically run over the kids in front of her on her way off the bus, making her way towards her boyfriend's locker where she knew he and her friends would be waiting. "Annabeth!" Thalia Grace said loudly. "Hey girl, why were you so late?" "My ride," Annabeth said, pointedly looking at her boyfriend, "cancelled on me and I had to take the bus." Luke Castellan grinned at her easily, unaffected by her words. He made his way over to her and slung an arm around her shoulder, giving her a quick peck on the lips. "Hey babes." She smiled at him happily. "Hi Luke." "So you had to ride the bus," Piper Mclean, who was a year younger than Annabeth and two years younger than Luke and Thalia, interrupted them. "That sucks." "Yeah," Jason Grace, Thalia's younger brother spoke up. He was Piper's boyfriend and in the same year as her. "Did you have to sit with anyone?" Luke asked her. "'Cause I swear, if you got touched by any of the slimy guys in this school..." She smiled at how jealous he was. "No, I didn't." She promised him. "Although it was close. I took this guy's seat and he almost made me move." "Who?" Thalia asked curiously. "Was he cute?" Piper asked. "I have a boyfriend, Pipes," Annabeth answered her smiling, avoiding the question. "And his name was Percy Jackson." "Jackson?" Luke asked in surprise, while Thalia and Jason asked "Percy?" at the same time. "Yeah." Annabeth nodded. "You know him?" "Sure," Luke said. "He's that loser who moved here a year ago. Hangs out with Hazel and Frank from Piper and Jason's grade, and that other guy Nico who I'm pretty sure is a goth loner. Oh! And Grover." Annabeth frowned at the last name. "Grover? Like from when we were kids Grover?" Luke nodded. "They're a group of oddballs." Thalia, Annabeth noticed, was staring at Luke with pursed lips, not saying a word. Annabeth tried to find something to say but couldn't think of anything. "Anyway," Luke said after a second. "I need to get to class. If I'm late I'm pretty sure I get detention from Mr. Arland. Stupid old sot always marks me late." "That's cause you're usually late Luke," Thalia said, smiling. Usually Luke wouldn't have let anyone say that, even as a joke. He would get defensive like he always did. But this time he let it slide, probably because it was Thalia. "Like you have a perfect attendance record, Thals." She grinned. "Nah, that's Annie over here." Annabeth smiled. "It's not that hard." Luke shrugged. "Maybe for you," he said before quickly kissing her. "I'll see you at break." He said, walking down the hall, fist bumping guys and smiling at girls as he went. "Catch ya later," Thalia said, before rushing to catch up with him and immediately engaging him in conversation. "We should go too," Piper said, taking Jason's hand. "See ya, Annabeth!" "Bye," she called out as they walked away. She smiled and adjusted the purse strap on her shoulder, walking towards her locker as she did so. She unlocked it and grabbed her textbook and notebook for science. It was the only class (except physical education) that she was in that wasn't advanced and she was around the people who were her age and would usually be in her classes if she wasn't so smart. Half-Blood High was a small school. Only a couple of hundred people went from the small town of Rivers in California. Annabeth had lived here her entire life, as had her mother and most of the parents of current students. One of Annabeth's biggest goals in life was to move, far away from here. To escape, like her mother never did. Annabeth wanted to live in a big city, filled with people and new places, of amazing architeture. She had signed up for travel club in the hopes of going to Greece to study the amazing sights there, and when she grew up she wanted to be an architect. She smiled as she closed her locker. If things went well for the rest of the second semester, she would be perfectly fine. oooOOOooo Science was about sexual reproduction, and since it was grade eleven, Mrs. Mccoy figured the class would be mature enough to conduct an experiment. "Mr. Jackson," she called out. Percy jerked his head up from his desk, obviously having not been listening. "The one thing needed to reproduce sexually is a mate. To find a mate you need to find someone you're attracted to. Correct?" "Yeah." He said slowly, obviously unsure, like everybody else in the class, where this was going. "So," Mrs. Mccoy looked around the room before her eyes fell on Annabeth. "Let's say that you're sexually attracted to Ms. Chase here. What qualities make her attractive to you?" Annabeth spluttered and Percy sat there not saying a word. "Excuse me?" Annabeth asked. Mrs. Mccoy looked through her red librarian's glasses with her green eyes at Annabeth. Her brown hair was slightly greasy and in a ponytail today and although jeans were always a good choice for wear, the polka dot baggy shirt that was paired with it definitely did not go. "I think you heard me," Mrs. Mccoy told her. "You want me to..." Percy trailed off. "Tell me three characteristics you find attractive in Ms. Chase." The teacher said. "One must be physical." "You