Disclaimer: I don't own anything! Rick owns all rights! oooOOOooo "Holy Hermes Travis, just ask her." Travis Stoll looked over at his younger brother and sighed in exasperation, obviously distressed about something. "This is why nobody ever comes to you for advice Connor. You don't know anything about girls." Connor raised his eyebrow. "Bro, you're getting this worked up over a girl? Over Katie Gardner ?" Travis turned his head to hiss at his brother, "dude, shut up! She'll hear you!" "She's at the Demeter table!" Connor rebutted, gesturing to where all of the Demeter kids sat at their table in the mess hall. "Plus it's loud. Everybody's talking about Silena and Beckendorf going to the fireworks together. No one's listening to us." Travis's eyes moved to glance at Katie- who was indeed listening to something her half-sister Miranda was saying, not paying any attention at all to the Stoll brothers- and then his eyes moved to Beckendorf who was waving back to Silena; his new girlfriend. "Lucky bastard," Travis muttered. "Why can't Katie be as easy to ask to the fireworks as Silena?" Connor rolled his eyes. "She probably is," he replied, buttering a piece of toast, not even bothering to pay full attention to Travis anymore. "You're just stressing over it because you lo-" "I don't," Travis said. Connor snorted. "Dude you've been pranking Demeter cabin more and more ever since she got to camp. You can't stop talking about her- even if you are just complaining- and you guys have fights to rival Percy and Annabeth's. Apparently that means you're in love." "Says you?" Travis asked skeptically. "Think about it. Percy and Annabeth fight constantly about things as stupid as whatever you and Katie fight about. So do you. Apparently that's demigod language for 'unresolved sexual tension'." "Connor!" Travis exclaimed, choking on a bite of pancakes and flushing deeply. His younger brother looked at him. "What?" "I- Katie and I don't have sexual tension ," Travis muttered, casting another look around to make sure nobody was listening. "We hate each other. That's why we fight." "Riiighhhttt," Connor dragged out. "That's why you want to ask her to the fireworks so bad." Travis stared at his brother for a few seconds before frowning. "Shut up." Connor only laughed as Travis looked, yet again, to where the head of the Demeter cabin was sitting at the other table. Katie, as if finally feeling his eyes on her, turned her head suddenly and met his eyes. For a second they both stared. Travis had realized a year or so back that Katie Gardner had very pretty eyes. They were green and warm and Travis had found himself getting lost in them more than once during yet another fight. Connor nudged him, causing Travis to break the eye contact and look at his annoying brother once more. "Oh yeah," he said, nodding sagely beside his brother but obviously holding back another laugh which made Travis wanted to punch him. "You guys hate each other alright." Travis turned back to his pancakes, mumbling all the while. oooOOOooo Stupid Connor , Travis thinks as he walks to where Katie's tending the strawberries in the strawberry fields. Stupid, stupid Connor. And stupid me for listening to him. Why do I ever listen to him? Just turn back, walk away, retreat, retreat!- "Travis?" His head jerked up from where he had been looking at his feet to meet Katie's eyes for the second time that day. She had streaks of dirt on her face, her knees were caked in it from where she had been kneeling and her hands were black. Travis took her in. The orange camp t-shirt, the jean shorts, flip flops…. He was especially distracted by the jean shorts- or, rather, the legs they weren't covering. He swallowed, throat dry, and his eyes snapped back to meet hers. As he watched she reached up to wipe away a strand of hair that had escaped her braid with her wrist. His hand twitched at his side, wanting to do it himself. Thank gods he resisted. That would have been weird. And awkward. Mostly awkward. "Umm… what are you doing here?" Katie continued after Travis didn't say anything. "I…" He thought quickly, eyes landing on the strawberries behind her. "Came to pick strawberries?" It came out more as a question than an answer but Katie didn't seem to catch it. "Really?" She asked him in surprise. "But you hate strawberries." Styx, how did she know that? Travis shook his head. "For Connor," he lied. "He loves them." Hades, Connor hated strawberries even more than Travis did. For the son of the god of liars, Travis wasn't doing so well. "Oh," Katie said. "Okay." How did she know that he hated strawberries but not Connor? Travis wondered. That was weird. "Will you help me?" Travis blurted out before stopping. "I mean… if you're done with everything else… it would make it go faster…." "Sure," Katie agreed right away before flushing a bit. The heat, Travis told himself as red filled her cheeks. "Umm, it's no trouble. And I don't want you here any longer than you have to be, Stoll. You'll probably end up killing all of the strawberries somehow." She was teasing he realized, causing the hurt he felt to go away. Gods, Katie needed to work on her skills at joking. For a second Travis had thought she was serious. "Oh?" He raised an eyebrow. "How would I do that? The satyrs would kill me. Plus I expect you'd make a plant strangle me in my sleep." Katie shrugged, smiling a bit. She had a nice smile. "You could find a way I'm sure." "Probably," he agreed, smiling at her. They stood like that, just watching each other, smiling, for a few seconds before Travis realized what was happening. Was it just him or were they a lot closer to each other than when they had started speaking? "Strawberries," he said suddenly, saying the first thing that popped into his head to break the silence- and the moment. His brain was feeling warm. He wasn't thinking straight. Katie blinked and seemed to take a step back. "Right," she said after a second. "Strawberries. Umm.. Let's start picking I guess." River Styx, Travis cursed in his head. Way to go Travis, ruin what could possibly be the only good moment you two have ever had. He dropped down across from her, picking the plant beside the one she was. Of course, he was staring at her more than actually picking but hey. He was a teenage boy, you couldn't blame him for being distracted. Besides, Katie really was beautif- Woah, woah, woah there Travis, he thought to himself. That's enough of that. Since when have you thought of Katie Gardiner as beautiful? He glanced up once more to look at her. She was kneeling in the earth between the rows of strawberry plants and gently picking a couple of strawberries off of each plant. The biggest. The juiciest. Gods, what was he going to do with so many strawberries? He couldn't just go and dump them somewhere, not when she was going to so much trouble getting the best ones for him. Besides, what if she saw them somehow? She'd be hurt. She'd think he was pranking her again or something. Who in the camp liked strawberries so much they would accept them from him and not tell Katie? Everyone he thought of would think it was a prank and that eating them would turn whoever it was into a Pegasus or something along those lines. But Katie was here doing this with him. He was spending time with her and it was nice. He liked it. He enjoyed her company- when had that started?- and he didn't want to stop spending time with her. Dear Zeus, maybe Connor was right. Maybe Travis did love her- "How much?" Katie asked him, looking up to see his mouth fall open in surprise. Oh gods, had he been talking out loud? Did she know? Could she somehow read his mind? Maybe- -"Uh, what?" He asked dumbly. That's right Travis, play it cool. Act like you don't know what happened, good plan! "Strawberries," Katie said. "How much should we get for Connor?" "Oh," Travis breathed out a sigh of relief. "Umm…" "He can't want too much," Katie said. "I don't think I've ever seen him eat anything healthy, never mind heard he loves strawberries. He must not eat a lot of them." "It's his secret," Travis blurted out, trying in vain to think of another lie. "His guilty pleasure." Katie raised an eyebrow at him. "He secretly loves strawberries?" Smooth, Travis, real smooth. "Yeah. You know what that's just the perfect amount," Travis gestured to the 15 or so strawberries Katie had picked. "I should probably get these to him before anybody sees, he wouldn't want anyone to know-" "Travis?" Katie interrupted him, looking concerned. "Are- are you okay?" "What? Me? Fine," he waved a hand before cupping his hands together to make a bowl. "I'll just take the strawberries and run…" Forget coming here to ask Katie if she wanted to go to the fireworks. That mission was officially aborted. He was getting out alive while he still could. "Alright then." Travis looked at her in surprise. Was he imagining the disappointment in her voice? He must have been because when she looked up at him again she was smiling, albeit it… awkwardly. She scooped up the strawberries she had picked and placed them in his hands, brushing hers against his as she did. Travis looked up again and met her eyes. Her hands didn't moved from his, even after he felt the strawberries drop into his palms. Hers were resting gently on top of his and Travis couldn't even pretend and say he didn't like it. Her skin was dirty but smooth. Soft too, he noted. The contact made his skin tingle. "Katie," he murmured quietly. Now was a good time to ask right? To just go ahead and say, 'I like you, wanna go to the fireworks together tonight?' It might be his last chance. Percy's birthday was coming up, Kronos could attack anytime. Travis could be dead before the year was over. He didn't want to die without asking Katie out on a date first. Even if it was only to the fireworks. "Yeah?" She breathed out in reply, still not moving away. "Do-," he cut himself off. No, he couldn't do it. Like he had said this morning, Katie hated him. She would never say yes. "Never mind," he muttered, casting his eyes down as he moved his hands away and stood up. "Thanks for helping." "It was no problem," Katie replied, her voice sounding strange. Travis didn't look up to see her face. She would probably see how big of a coward he was. "If Connor ever wants more I'd be glad to pick them with you again." She paused. "Or him too, I guess." "I'll tell him you said that," Travis muttered. Great. So now Katie was inviting Connor to come pick strawberries with her. Maybe she had a crush on Connor for all Travis knew. Wouldn't that just be perfect? And going by his luck, not entirely impossible. "See you Katie," he said before quickly turning around and making his way to the Hermes cabin. What was wrong with him? He never got nervous around girls. Ever. He never froze up around them. Travis had had his first kiss when he was 12 years old, he was a ladies man. Everybody knew it. He didn't get nervous around girls. It just wasn't him. It seemed that Katie Gardner could make Travis do anything. oooOOOooo "Let me take you down Cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields Nothing is real And nothing to get hung about Strawberry Fields forever!" Travis rolled over on his bunk and groaned, shoving his face in