Disclaimer: Rick Riordan owns it all! oooOOOooo "Have you decided yet?" Clarisse looked up at Chris, meeting his brown eyes that for once weren't warm and compassionate. They were cold and detached and she hated that, hated it more than anything. She didn't need this right now. Not when she was one of the people in charge of getting the Camp Half-Blood camper's packed up and shipped out to Greece. Not when her muscles screamed at her every time she so much as shifted because she had been busy every day, all day training the kids. Not when she was so tired of people, and worrying. At the moment she just wanted to be alone with her blades. To relax and think and remember back to when times were happy and simple and everything was as good as it could get for demigods here. Right now she was in the training arena, sitting on one of the spectators' bleachers sharpening her spare sword with Maimer lying beside her. She was resting. She was planning. And despite being alone she had not been able to relax. She was, instead, fretting. She always came here, and she supposed Chris knew that. Maybe if she had really been trying to get away she would have chosen somewhere else. Like the campfire, although he knew that was somewhere Clarisse liked to go too so maybe not. She loved the arena. Clarisse had a lot of great memories here. In the last few summers the older campers had started holding sparring competitions, just them. The Hermes kids started up bets and campers could choose their opponents. Last summer Clarisse had sparred against Annabeth, Percy, Beckendorf, her own cabin mates and Chris. It had been the best day of her life. She had had fun. She had felt included and comfortable and she had joked around with everyone else, laughing and teasing and telling old stories… She had felt like the people around her were her friends. Which, she supposed, they were. But she had never felt more comfortable with them all than on that day. Clarisse wasn't good with friends. She was good with fighting. Fighting… she understood fighting. Fighting was easy, fighting was something that, with enough practice, you could learn and be a master of. Physical fighting was simple and straightforward and uncomplicated. People were harder. A lot harder. There was so many different types of people and you couldn't act the same around them all. Some were weak, some strong, some pathetic and some frightening. Fighting was the same with everyone- either you were good and you lived, or you sucked and you died. End of story. Interacting with people, being friends… being a girlfriend? That was hard. And something Clarisse wasn't really good at. Or used to. She had been friends with Beckendorf and things had ended badly for him. She had felt closer to Silena than anybody else and look how Silena's life had ended. And now Percy was abducted and part of another prophecy, Annabeth was off with Silena and Beckendorf's replacements and the Roman, probably involved in the new Great Prophecy as well. Clarisse's friends, it seemed, kept dying. And then there was Chris. oooOOOooo Chris Rodriguez had arrived at camp when Clarisse was 12 years old, one year before Percy came and changed everything. Clarisse was the one who had met him and his satyr, Billy, at the camp border. She had been moping at the time, she remembered and had figured she may as well join the border patrol. (A drakon had been spotted around camp and Chiron had posted sentries for the week to make sure nothing happened.) It had been a stupid comment, one she didn't even remember now. Something Michael Yew had said to her. She had gotten to camp the year before and from the moment she met the child of Apollo she knew they weren't going to get along. A few months later she had been claimed as a child of Ares and then things had only gotten worse between the two demigods. But that was a different story. She had met Chris and he had been relatively unharmed, something that was almost an anomaly for demigods arriving at camp. Usually there was at least one monster scratch, some sort of head wound and lots of confusion because, Clarisse had to admit it, the satyrs sucked at explaining things to their charges before they got to camp. Kids usually had no idea what was going on, lots of them just assumed they were kidnapped by some sort of goat before the first monster showed up and made them start questioning things. Chris wasn't like that. He knew exactly what was going on, he had some sort of golden knife thing that didn't kill monsters but was good for slowing them down. He walked into camp, as calm as could be with Billy at his side, and seemed to know exactly what was going on. Clarisse had walked right up to him, stopping both the satyr and the boy in their tracks. Even as a 12 year old she had been rough around the edges and unafraid of most things. Chris, she found out later, was only a couple of months older than her. She had stomped right up to them, still made at Michael, and had decided to take her anger out on the new guy. "Hey Billy," she had greeted before stopping right in front of the dirty, bored looking kid. He had curly hair and a mischievous smile and instead of acting afraid or even annoyed at Clarisse's move he had just raised an eyebrow as if waiting for something. "What's your name, punk?" Clarisse demanded. "Chris Rodriguez," he greeted, outstretching a hand that Clarisse ignored. "Yours?" Clarisse looked at the hand until it dropped, meeting his eyes, ignoring the weird feeling in her gut at the depth of them. He was a boy, a stupid newbie who needed to know how things worked around here. Even if he did seem… different than most of the idiots who came over the border. "Clarisse La Rue," she said proudly. "Listen up, we need to get something straight. If you listen to me, you'll be fine here. If you don't do what I say… we'll have some trouble." "Clarisse-" Billy tried to cut in but Chris shook his head to stop the satyr. He was watching her, just as closely as she was watching him. Chris rubbed his jaw, not moving his eyes even a little bit. "So I take it you're not someone the camp sent to greet me." Clarisse stopped her mouth from falling open at the last second. Someone sent to- who the Hades did this kid think he was? "Excuse me?" She growled. "What-" "I figured they'd send one of the pretty girls," Chris shrugged. "Just to make me comfortable and all. I thought that's why you came up here." Clarisse blinked. Billy's jaw fell open. Chris stood there seeming unaware of the effect his words had. "It seems I was wrong," he said, not seeming to notice that Clarisse had just turned as unresponsive as a tree. Did this kid just call her pretty? Clarisse shook it off at last, opting to ignore it and the weird tightening of her stomach. He was probably making her nauseous. But she couldn't find the right words to threaten him. Or make fun of him. "Just go to the Big House," she muttered instead. "I have to get back to border patrol." She didn't, hadn't even made it to the campers on patrol yet, but Chris didn't need to know that. "The Big House is-?" "I'll show you," Billy interrupted quickly, seeming to realize this was as good an opportunity as any to escape. "Come on, Chris." "Sure," the stupid boy agreed easily before looking back at her. "It was nice to meet you, Clarisse." She turned her back on him to walk away. But after she was sure he had started to follow Billy she looked back. He was talking to the satyr animatedly, seeming to be asking questions, and Clarisse wondered if he was asking about her. It didn't matter, she thought a moment later. Forget about him, he's just some new guy. Not important. Focus on winning Capture the Flag this week. But even as she met up with the Demeter campers on patrol she couldn't help but hope that Chris wasn't a new sibling of hers. For some reason she didn't want him to be her brother, or anything close. oooOOOooo "Clarisse?" Chris's voice brought her out of her memories and she looked at him standing above her. He hadn't been claimed, she remembered. Even when one night several unclaimed campers from the Hermes cabin sat down at their dinner table with glowing winged shoes above their heads. oooOOOooo Somehow Chris and Clarisse had kept running into one another over the years. Camp wasn't big but Clarisse had gone years there without talking to most of the campers- a gift of hers. But Chris.. he kept popping up. He would sit beside her at campfire, would make sure to be on the enemy team and spar with her during Capture the Flag. They would tease, trade insults and banter for a few minutes every time. His face became one she saw most at camp and she couldn't pretend that she minded. But they were never friends until the night Clarisse got the news about her mom, the year after he first came to camp. Clarisse went home every year for school. She lived in Phoenix, Arizona and went to school. She had never been expelled from it, which was a big accomplishment. Clarisse got straight A's. You wouldn't expect it of her but she did. Partly because her mother pressured her to work hard but mostly because she wanted to get into a good college miles away from her home. She hated her mom. Her mom… how to put this delicately? She was beautiful and vain. Clarisse figured what drew Ares to her was that she was like Aphrodite that way. He was one of her mother's many one night stands but somehow they didn't use protection and Clarisse was the result. There was no tragic love story like the other demigods had. Her mother, to put it bluntly, was a simple fuck to Ares. It was sex, nothing more. He cared about her about as much as a person cared about a wildflower on their lawn. It looked good and was nice for a few days but after that you ripped it out, making sure to get all the roots. Then again, comparing Clarisse's mother to a flower was a little off base. Clarisse's mother was basically a porn star. She was a member of websites, she had an expensive laptop that Clarisse was never ever allowed to touch and a cell phone with the same restrictions. She texted constantly, multiple men were on the go and Clarisse? What was she to do? To her mother's credit (what little she had) she sheltered her daughter from that. Clarisse was constantly sent over to the neighbour's house while her mother entertained guests and it's not like Clarisse ever saw anything. Plus her mom did have a job. She was a book editor. Clarisse was looked after well enough. Clothed, fed and sent to a good school. She was taken care of. But one night Clarisse did go snooping on her mom's phone and she found out everything. She never told anybody. Her mom would lie about going out to see a friend. She would say she was going to watch a move that just came out. Instead she would meet up with people. Clarisse ignored it. Her mom drank a lot, Clarisse ignored it and cleaned the mess when she could. At 10 years old she realized that none of this, their lifestyle, her mom,