A Rivalry of Parents (And Their Children) Disclaimer: I don't own anything, all rights go to Rick, etc. Don't sue me. oooOOOooo Everyone knows that capture the flag at Camp Half-Blood gets a little heated. Hey, these guys take their night games seriously. Honestly, one time the Ares cabin had the banner for four weeks straight so the entire camp- and I mean the entire camp- teamed up against the cabin to finally take them down. It's intense, even without all the demigod stuff. We're talking about 200 hyperactive kids here. Then through in your weapons, helmets, shields, magical items… you've got yourself a dangerous combination. But when a certain son of Poseidon and a certain daughter of Athena became leaders of opposing teams…. well, that just makes for a whole new level of craziness. (Especially when said demigods have a running competition on who can overpower who and come out on top that's been going on since they met at age 12.) They're now 18 years old. And did I mention they're dating? Ladies and Gentlemen, sit back and enjoy the read, because this is one 'friendly' competition you do not want to miss. oooOOOooo Jason's arm is wrapped around the back of her chair and his fingers are tracing lazy patterns on her shoulder when Chiron walks into the counsellor meeting he's called. Piper watches Travis and Connor hurriedly hide the notebook they're peering at (she makes a mental note to warn her friend later) and Clovis jerks awake at the sound of hooves for maybe two whole seconds before he face slams back into his pillow. "Campers," he greets, not even bothering to wake Clovis up because it's a losing battle, and giving the Stoll brothers a warning look. "We all know that Percy and Annabeth are leaving to go to Camp Jupiter in the fall for college." Percy and Annabeth look up from where they were both sitting on a loveseat in the corner of the Rec Room, his arm around her waist, their fingers interlocked. "And, as a special going away present," Chiron has a smile on his face but it doesn't quite reach his eyes and Piper wonders if he'll ever talk about her and Jason this way when they leave for Camp Jupiter next year. She catches Leo's eye from across the table and he mimes wiping away a tear from his eye. Piper sticks her tongue out at him. "The other campers have requested for the Athena cabin to lead the opposing team in capture the flag- and for Annabeth to be captain of that team- to try to get the banner from Percy's hands." To say the least, Piper thinks as she watches all of the senior counsellor's jump up in excitement, people are happy about that arrangement. "Percy's team!" The Stoll brothers call out unanimously as they rise from their chairs. Katie grins widely, Will Solace laughs before whispering something to Nico who only raises an eyebrow, Lou Ellen actually jumps in her chair and… and the most excited one of all is, surprisingly, Clarisse. "Yes!" Clarisse punches one fist in the air. "Let's get the banner out of the punk's hands once and for all!" "Thanks, Clarisse, love you too." Percy replies, rolling his eyes before looking at Annabeth. He raises an eyebrow at her. "You up for this?" Annabeth grins at him. "Bring it on, Seaweed Brain." Percy shrugs. "I'm just going to point out now that getting your butt kicked won't be the best going away present for you." It's Annabeth's turn to raise an eyebrow and Piper laughs at her words. "Who says I'm the one getting my butt kicked?" Percy grins. "Wise Girl, if there's one thing I know by now, it's how to beat you at capture the flag." Annabeth scoffs. "Maybe I just let you win to get your guard down and now I'm going in for the kill." Percy frowns, as if seriously contemplating her words before saying warily. "There's no way even you're that sneaky." Annabeth shrugs and looks away casually. "We'll just have to see now, won't we? I mean you've practically challenged me already." "Wait, no-" "So let's see where this goes." Annabeth grins at him. "I'm in, Seaweed Brain." "I was just saying-" "Unless you'd like to admit that you're scared I'll beat you and hand over the flag now?" They have a silent staring contest- that everybody else in the room unashamedly watches- before Percy narrows his eyes. "Never." "Great!" Annabeth pecks him on the lips quickly before turning to Chiron. "We're in." He nods back at her and stamps his hoof to quiet the whispers and alliances being made. "Very well," he says. "Go and speak to your cabins and decide whose team you will be on." Chiron turns his eyes to Annabeth and Percy again. "We begin the game at nightfall." With that he turned and went out the door, leaving everybody else to follow. oooOOOooo She walked with Leo back to their cabins, kissing Jason on the cheek before she let go of his hand so he could hang back to talk to Percy. "So," Leo rubs his hands together in excitement. "Who are you going with?" "Annabeth, obviously." Piper replies. "We all know she'll win in the end." Leo raises his eyebrow at her. "Umm… may I remind you that Percy had to beat her two weeks ago to get the flag from the Stolls in the first place?" "And may I point out to you that the only reason Percy didn't lose it the next week was because she was on his team and was helping him instead of against him?" Leo snorts. "Yeah, the record game that only lasted five minutes." He shook his head. "That's seriously the last time I go against those two when they're together. My arm still doesn't feel right." He rotates his left shoulder slowly, frowning at it as he does. "Anyway Beauty Queen, I'm just saying, I have a feeling Percy's gonna win this one. I think I'm going with him." "Leo," Piper stops walking just outside his cabin and he turns to look at her. "Annabeth's the smartest person in this entire place," she says. "And her siblings aren't far behind. Percy may have strength, but even strength has to bow to wisdom sometimes." "Sometimes," Leo points a finger at her with a mischievous grin on his face. "Not tonight though." Piper hits his hand out of the way playfully as she starts to walk towards her own cabin. "Sure, Repair Boy. Keeping thinking that until we kick your butts tonight." "Keep dreaming, Beauty Queen!" He calls from behind her before he goes into his cabin. She grins. Poor boy doesn't know what he's just signed up for. oooOOOooo Friendships might actually be broken because of this, Piper thinks as she sits in the mess hall that night eating her slice of pizza and taking in the surrounding tables. In the course of the afternoon things had risen to an extreme level. The alliances were shaky, with people switching sides every couple of minutes. The Aphrodite cabin was the first cabin to sign up with the Athenians, followed quickly by Ares. Neither of them had changed sides, although apparently Clarisse had made Annabeth promise that the Athena cabin would clean bathrooms for the rest of the month if they joined their side. So far, as much as Piper had gathered from various sources, the teams were like this. Apollo, Hades, Zeus and Hermes had signed up with Percy. Ares, Aphrodite and Hephaestus had agreed to join Athena. Oh, and Demeter, because Katie wanted to be on whatever side Travis was not. Hypnos's cabin were currently negotiating with Percy, Hecate's cabin was being sought after by both sides ( hello , they had magic) and Iris, Hemera, Dionysus and the rest were scrambling to choose the winning side. Thank god there were no Nike kids here, because children of the goddess of victory would have definitely made this a full on battle. Percy surprised them all by sliding into the empty spot on her left side. Lacey and Michael, her siblings, leaned forward to look at him, as did almost everyone else in the mess hall. "Listen, I'll make this quick-" He started. "Don't bother, Perce," Piper smiled at him gently. "We're with Annabeth." "But if you just-" "I'm not going to change my mind." "We could really use you guys-" "Nope." Piper popped the p and took a big bite of her pizza, smiling at him as she did so. "Sorry." He narrowed his eyes at her. "Whatever she promised you I can do better." Piper shrugged. "She didn't promise me anything, we joined out of the goodness of our hearts, right guys?" She turned to look at her cabin. Percy looked out at them all. "You're sure about this?" Drew spoke up. "Well now that you mention it, it was mostly Piper who-" "We're sure." Lacey spoke up from beside Piper. "Sorry, Percy." He smiled and shook his head at her. "That's okay, Lacey." He said, causing the girl to blush a bit. Luckily Percy didn't notice. "Alright, I see how it is." He stood up before Chiron could shoot him once last warning look and looked at Piper again, holding his chest in mock hurt. "I can't pretend you haven't wounded me, Piper, but I'm sure I'll get over it-" She shoved him playfully. "Get outta here." She said, shooting a wink at Annabeth who had been watching the entire interaction. "Go try and build a team that won't lose." "We'll win!" Percy called back as he was walking away. "And you'll wish you'd sided with us!" He turned to look at Leo. "You too, Valdez!" "It's my cabin man, I was so ready to mess stuff up with you!" Leo said. "I had to go with Annabeth or my siblings would have led a mutiny on me!" Annabeth spoke up. "Well if you'd rather we didn't clean stables for you this week-" "No, no!" Leo hurriedly interrupted her. "We've made our choice, we'll stick with it." "Wrong decision man," Percy warned. "Hey, Percy?" Annabeth called sweetly. "Good luck for tonight, you'll need it." "What was that, Annabeth?" He called back, cupping one hand around an ear. "I couldn't hear you, I'm too busy imagining the sound of everybody cheering for my team when we win." Annabeth's eyes narrowed. "Careful Seaweed Brain, don't say something you'll regret. Remember I'm close friends with your mom." "And your dad invited me to stay the entire winter break at your house this year," Percy shot back, making everybody glance back and forth between them like a tennis match, "so there. Don't play the parent card, dear, it's beneath you." "Well, just so you know-" "Will you two sit down already? Please?" Nico called. "Save it for tonight, will you?" Percy and Annabeth had somehow ended up chest to chest in the middle of the mess hall, staring each other down, practically nose to nose. Piper couldn't help but laugh along with everybody else, and she smiled when Percy whispered something in Annabeth's ear, which made her smile and punch him playfully before he kissed her on the cheek and sat down. Mr. D's sigh broke the silence as it was so loud everybody heard it. "And I thought us gods were bad," He said. "But you brats are like us with no dictator to shut us up." Thunder rumbled loudly, making Dionysus wince before yelling, "Just kidding father, only a joke!" Piper turned to Lacey. "Thanks, for what you said." She shrugged and turned to eat her food, her ears going red a bit. "We made our choice," she said. "We're not going to change our minds. Besides," she glanced up at her. "Silena and Annabeth were really close, just like Beckendorf and Percy. The four of them used to hang out all the time,