So right now I'm sitting here drinking my Tim Horton's French Vanilla coffee, hair up in a messy bun, pj's on, blanket wrapped around my shoulders, and I am really ready to get started on this new story. The idea came to me when I was rereading the Lost Hero and I just had so many written sentences in my head already that I just couldn't wait to write it. Sorry to the people who are waiting on my Ancient Greece Percabeth story- it is in the process of being written- but I just needed to get this typed out before I forgot about it. Basically this is a story about what it would have been like for Percy if it had been Annabeth Hera switched with a roman demigod instead of him. You'll notice some big changes in the plotline of the books, not the least being Annabeth being abducted and memory wiped instead of Percy, but I plan to tie this up at around the start of Mark of Athena time in the series and then the story could just be the same as Rick wrote it, or close enough. This is first person and in Percy's POV. I hope, I beg and I pray that I can do him the justice of being close to Rick's writing; but let's face it. I'm not that good and the master of masters cannot be matched. I'm just aiming to get in the same ballpark. Or maybe close enough to stand outside the fence and wave in to the actual good writers. I'm bringing back the funky chapter titles from the first series as well because those are a lot more interesting than roman numerals. Summary: What if it had been Annabeth Hera took to Camp Jupiter instead of Percy? What do you think Percy would have been doing while she was gone? How far would he have gone to get her back? Would he go so far as to confront the gods? Or maybe even the Fates themselves, all to get her back and know that she was safe? How will this affect the Prophecy of Seven? And will Percy survive long enough to get Annabeth back? Rating: I would rate this as whatever you guys would rate the House of Hades. Personally I would put a K plus but since Percy did some freaky stuff to the goddess of misery with the poison and everything I'm placing it at a T just to be safe. This story should be about the same rating as that book anyway. *I'M ONLY PUTTING ONE DISCLAIMER AND IT'S ON THIS CHAPTER SO MAKE SURE YOU NOTICE IT AND PLEASE DON'T SUE ME.* Disclaimer: Rick is the master/creator of all things Percy Jackson and I take no credit for anything to do with this fandom. I'm just a fan who obsesses and writes. I also don't own Spongebob or the Goofy Goober song. Enjoy my lovelies! oooOOOooo Prologue: A Schizophrenic Queen of the Gods Abducts my Girlfriend oooOOOooo I really hope you guys already know all about the Greek Gods, Western Civilization and all of the old 'legends' from Ancient Greek times, because there is no way I am going to explain all of that again. Zeus already wants my backside on a platter for telling my story to the Camp Half-Blood scribe, Rick. I'm sort of hoping Lauren here can cut me a deal and do this anonymously- but I'm not all that optimistic. So far I haven't exactly had the best of luck in life, and judging by recent events that hasn't changed. But if you guys could maybe be discreet about this? Perhaps not mention it to your friends and make it a worldwide bestselling book series again? That would save me a lot of trouble- and embarrassment. Do you know what it's like for your own mother to be sitting on your apartment's living room couch reading about how you and your girlfriend or boyfriend got together on your 16th birthday and had a huge make-out session at the bottom of your summer camp's canoe lake? While reading it out loud to my step-dad? Or get a personal message from Zeus, King of the Gods himself, saying that now he was getting a bad rep and that I had publicly trashed his chances with all the ladies from this generation who had read the books about me? Seriously, it's not cool. If it wasn't for my dad I'm sure Zeus would have killed me fifty times over for everything he's deemed I've done wrong; and Hades, my other uncle, would just let me come back to life every time so that he could help. If you've read the previous stories you'll understand where I'm coming from with all of this. My family on my dad's side isn't exactly the Brady Bunch. If you haven't read the series I'm talking about, here's pretty much all you need to know to understand this story. I'm a demigod. Son of Sally Jackson and the ancient greek god Poseidon, Lord of the Seas. I wasn't supposed to be born and when I reached sixteen I made a choice that helped save the world from my dad's evil father- technically my grandfather, but let's skip over that little tidbit- the Lord of Time, Kronos. He wasn't a god, he was a Titan, and nobody liked him except his mother; who, as it turns out, isn't all that great either. Even Kronos's wife, Rhea, who was sort of like my mom and loves everybody, minus the whole being a titan and the wife of an evil immortal, didn't like Kronos. I'm sure if divorces had been a thing back in the ancient times she would have been first in line to hire a lawyer- probably Alecto, one of the furies, who does the role of 'lawyers and teachers very well'- to file for divorce. Unfortunately for her, that's not how they did things back then. So she was creative and found another way to get rid of her husband- but that's a different story as well. So yeah. I sort of saved the world with my friends. But believe me, all of the crap that happened to me, saving the world… it's not all it's cracked up to be. If I get a choice before my next life on whether to be a regular everyday mortal or a demigod, I'm choosing mortal. For sure. Like I picture it going something like this. Right before I swim in the River Lethe (this is after I've died and spent a few centuries or millennia in the Underworld with Annabeth of course) and I'm about to be reborn, one of Hades' lackeys will be standing on the banks, holding a clipboard and asking me questions about who I want to be in my next life or whatever. (This isn't for sure, just what I'm hoping will happen.) Anyway, he'll be in a suit and everything, all official. He'll get to the question "Would you want to be a mortal, demigod or unknown in your next life?" And me, I will look him right in the eye and say, with a big smile on my face, "Mortal, please." He'll nod and hmmm, and check the box beside the mortal option and continue with the questionnaire and I'll walk contentedly into the Lethe knowing that there is no way my new life will be as hectic as my last. (I think last time I did that, if I've gone through the process before, I probably chose human then too; but the worker was probably a jerk who deliberately messed up my answer, and when Hades called him out on it would protest and deny any responsibility. "But Lord Hades, I had just had a fight with my dead wife that day and was distracted- it's not like I meant to mess up the guy's life." And Hades, being the total sucker he is, would probably nod and play the understanding role while thinking in his head, I really need to replace these guys. They've been dead 1000 years, it's bound to be someone else's turn now. He'll make a mental note to ask Persephone who's in line for special punishment and get them on the job.) But I'm getting off topic. Let's get back to the main idea of this story; basically it comes down to one name. Annabeth. Annabeth Chase is a curly-blonde haired daughter of the smartest goddess around, Athena. She's the smartest person I know and beautiful. (Annabeth, not Athena, although Athena's not ugly or anything. I just prefer blondes.) Annabeth's like a typical girl from California- tan, tall, blonde, athletic and stunning. Her eyes are unique to Athena and her children- I've never seen any eyes like them before. Swirling gray, they're kind of intimidating but my favourite feature about her. She's gorgeous, is what I'm trying to say. And she's also my girlfriend. In August on the 18th (my birthday) last year we finally started dating after four years of being best friends. We had about four and a half months together, trying to be just a regular couple, doing coupley things. I live in New York, and Annabeth came to New York a lot so she could go to Olympus- she was kind of in the process of redesigning it. And yes, I mean the Olympus, Palace of the gods, home to most of them. It's a huge fortress that hovers invisibly above the Empire State Building and was pretty much destroyed when Kronos tried to take over. Seriously, I'm not kidding. Go to the Empire State Building and ask to go to the 600th floor. Watch the security guard's reaction- he'll do his best to convince you there isn't one and that it doesn't exist, but I promise you there is. He and I are pretty much old friends by now, even though I don't actually know his name or anything about him except that he's employed by Zeus. What I'm getting at here is that Annabeth and I were happy. Really happy. Everything was going great and even though I was constantly nervous I would mess up and she would dump me, she didn't. And there wasn't a chance in Hades I would dump her- if you knew her you would understand why- and those four months were probably the best of my life. But it seems someone really has it out for me. (Ahem, Fates, Zeus, almost every god alive, Kronos… the list is pretty long, honestly.) My good luck doesn't seem to last for very long. So if you want to read a story about me and my usual life struggles sit down, get comfortable and enjoy. If you don't… well I guess you can close this book right now and never touch it again. (Or close your computer tab, or shut off your Iphone or whatever it is you're reading this on. Lauren wasn't really clear on how she would get this out to the public.) Ready or not, here we go. oooOOOooo Have you guys ever been in love? Take a moment and think about it. I mean real love, where you wouldn't trade the person you're with for anything- not the world, or superpowers, or lots of money or even being a god. If you've had that, or have it, then you'll know what I'm talking about here. It's not really like how people write it in books. And it's not as dramatic or romantic as in movies- usually. She and I are in life or death situations all the time and it's not like how authors and desperate romantics say it is. It's not like if Annabeth died I would die too at the exact same second or anything like that. I think it would be more like feeling empty. Without Annabeth I would feel empty. I'd still live- I wouldn't kill myself or anything- but