Takes place on Mount Tam- the fight scene in The Titan's Curse where, you know… Luke gets kicked off a cliff. Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Rick owns PJatO and it's characters! Oh, and J.K. Rowling owns Dumbledore! oooOOOooo "As for you, daughter of Zeus, it seems Luke was wrong about you." Atlas's words hit Thalia much closer to the heart than they should have. You could read that sentence in so many ways, misinterpret it to have so many different meanings…. Her eyes shot to his, blue met blue, and Thalia wanted to curse him and hate him for still making butterflies flutter in her stomach. She didn't want to care about him anymore- at least then this, all of this, wouldn't hurt so much. But Atlas meant Luke had been wrong about Thalia wanting to join Kronos's army, Thalia knew that. The words still sent a pang of hurt through her (deep down they may even have been true if Atlas had meant them in a different meaning). There was no way the titan could know the rest though, about her and Luke. All the promises made to one another, the proclamations of feelings, the hidden kisses and touches and- She stopped herself there. Anytime but now she could think of those things. Now her life was in extreme danger and she needed to find a way out of it and a way to save her friends. "I wasn't wrong," Luke croaked out. His words made some part of her relax- he still believed in her. And even though he was wrong to, she would never join Kronos, that made some selfish part of her ease. He still cared about her. He might even still love her. Thalia wanted to run to him. To hold him, comfort him and whisper to him that it was okay, everything was okay now, they would figure it all out…. But it wasn't. Nothing would be okay ever again if Luke didn't come back to the right side. "Thalia," the way he said her name was like a plea and she had to squeeze her eyes shut at the sound. The Luke she knew would never plead, never stoop so low as to beg. It was wrong . Luke, oh Luke… how did they both get so far off path? How did they both stray so far from who they were? She blamed herself. A part of her was so self-centered that she believed it to be because of her. If she hadn't left Luke, if she hadn't been turned into a gods awful tree…. he would still be her Luke . She would have stayed with him and Annabeth and gods, they would have been a family. They would have stayed at Camp, a safe and happy place where Thalia thinks she could have grown to love and be happy there. But now it was all too late. There were too many memories and she knew if she even made it back to Camp Luke's face would haunt her everywhere she turned. "You can still join us," Luke continued, his eyes looking desperate and making her feel like she had just been punched in the gut. "Call the Ophiotaurus. It will come to you. Look!" He gestured and next to us a pool of water appeared. A pond ringed in black marble that would definitely be big enough for the creat- Bessie. Because it wasn't a creature, Thalia thought. It was Bessie, she had a name. And- and if she did what Luke wanted it would be like murder. "Thalia," Luke continued and now his voice was soft and persuasive. Thalia's eyes flicked back up to look at his face against her will and she had to catch her breath once more at the sight of him. The scar…. the light made it look suddenly harsh on his face. He hadn't had that scar when she had known him. "Call the Ophiotaurus. And you will be more powerful than the gods." Looking at him she was tempted, if only because it meant they would be together. But there was something cruel and manipulative in his eyes and when she didn't answer right away victory shone there against his will. She did not want to be more powerful than the gods. Despite his flaws, a part of her loved her father. She would not destroy him or the home he loved so much. Glancing out of the corner of her eye she saw Percy standing there, staring at Annabeth who was chained and gagged, Luke holding his sword at her throat. He was her cousin, her family. If she destroyed the gods she destroyed him. Gods knew he could annoy her sometimes but he was Percy. They were more than cousins, they were friends. And even if he didn't know it yet he loved Annabeth. Just like Thalia did. And Annabeth loved him too. If Thalia joined Luke… they would never be able to be together. And there was Camp. And the campers. Thalia may not love the gods, but she loved their children- her friends. And then there was Annabeth. Beautiful, young Annabeth who wasn't so young anymore. Somehow she had grown up without Thalia noticing and now, Thalia thought with a shock, she was closer to Annabeth's age than Luke's. Thalia had once told Luke that if it came down to a choice between him and the rest of the world, of him against everything else, she would choose him. At the time she had meant it. She looked into his eyes once more and saw that he was remembering that night too, that promise. It was what had kept him going, what had kept his faith in her strong. The knowledge of that made Thalia want to stab something. But she had made that promise to a different man, she saw that as well. The Luke that Thalia was in love with would never hurt Annabeth, never mind hold her hostage to use as blackmail. Luke wasn't the same and this man in front of Thalia… no matter how much it hurt and destroyed her , she would not give up the world to save him. "Luke," she said, and it was broken and full of pain. "What happened to you?" So many emotions flashed in his eyes at her words and she ached inside. She so badly wanted to make him listen, make him understand…. "Don't you remember all those times we talked? All those times we cursed the gods? Our fathers have done nothing for us! They have no right to rule the world!" Luke said and what made everything worse was that she did remember. She remembered cursing her father, poking fun at the Olympians. But she had been a child then, too self-absorbed in her own life to see that even if the gods weren't the best- nowhere close in fact- at ruling, they were the best the world had to offer. Better than Kronos. She shook her head. "Free Annabeth. Let her go." "If you join me," Luke bargained, "it can be like old times. The three of us together. Fighting for a better world. Please Thalia, if you don't agree…." He faltered and she saw real fear flash in his eyes. It made her ache all the more. "It's my last chance. He will use the other way if you don't agree. Please." Again he pleaded and Thalia hesitated once more. He looked so scared and unwilling. Did his life depend on this? Her choice? Was she sentencing him to some sort of death if she continued to fight against him? Looking into his eyes it was almost like she could see her old friend. The face of the man she loved was different- marred now- but she could still have loved him. His appearance… she could care less about that. Thalia loved him . Luke. His personality. The way he made her laugh, the pranks he pulled, how much he loved red Jello and how orange was his favourite artificial flavour but he hated actual oranges. She loved the way he kissed her and whispered in her ear that he had fallen in love with her. Gods, she just wanted everything to be different . But they weren't. They were standing on top of Mount Tam, Artemis was bearing the weight of the sky, Percy and Zoe were beside her, Grover was off with Bessie taking her to Olympus. Atlas was in front of her and right across from her was Luke, holding Annabeth captive. It wasn't different. This was her life. This was her choice. Before she could say anything- before she could even take a deep shuddering breath- Zoe spoke. "Do not, Thalia," the huntress warned. "We must fight them." Luke waved his hand again and a fire appeared. If things were how Thalia wanted she would make a joke, asking if Luke had turned into Dumbledore while she was a tree. He would laugh and they would be Luke and Thalia again. Not this. Not these people who fought one another and stood on different sides of a war. The bronze brazier looked exactly like one from camp. In it was a sacrificial flame. She couldn't look away. "Thalia," Percy said. "No." My eyes snapped to look at him but he was watching behind Luke, where the golden sarcophagus began to glow. Around us in the mist images appeared. As Thalia watched the ruins of the terrible and beautiful palace became whole and firm. But it was an illusion made of fear and shadow. It wasn't real. "We will raise Mount Othrys right her," Luke said. His voice was so strained and broken it didn't sound like him at all. Thalia couldn't look away from his as he spoke. "Once more, it will be stronger and greater than Olympus. Look, Thalia. We are not weak." He pointed toward the ocean and she followed his hand, feeling her heart twist as she saw a great army marching up the side of the mountain. Coming from the beach where the Princess Andromeda was docked. Hundreds and hundreds of monsters. All on the enemy side. A side she could join. A side with Luke. "This is only a taste of what is to come," Luke promised and she looked at him again. "Soon we will be ready to storm Camp Half-Blood. And after that, Olympus itself. All we need is your help." The only thing Thalia wanted was to believe him. She hurt because she wanted to trust him so badly. But he shouldn't have threatened Camp Half-Blood. Or Annabeth. Taking a breath and holding back the sudden tears that sprung to the corners of her eyes, she lowered her spear to level at him. "You're not Luke. I don't know you anymore." The look in his eyes at her words killed something inside of her, something she would never get back. She felt it, near her heart, cracking and breaking and ripping apart. "Yes you do, Thalia," he pleaded, begged. "Please. Don't make me…. Don't make him destroy you." She stared at him and felt nothing. Maybe there was a tinge of something but it wasn't enough for Thalia to even know what emotion it was. The fact that he could even think of hurting her… it proved he wasn't Luke anymore. Luke would never hurt her. Percy spoke before she could do anything. "Now." Without a pause the three of us charged. Thalia went straight for Luke. Her shield was so powerful, so terrifying, that the dracaenae around Luke dropped the golden coffin and fled. She ran straight towards him, not stopping to think because if she did she knew she wouldn't be able to do this. Luke snarled at her, like a wild animal, and raised his sword- the one that could hurt both mortals and demigods and monsters. She hit the sword away with her spear and between