Disclaimer: I own NOTHING of middle-earth. All characters and places are the sole property of J. R. R. Tolkein, save for the characters of Trelan and Reniean, which belong to Cassia and Sio (I obtained permssion to use them when I submitted this snippet to the Mellon Chronicles website). Departures, Part One Twilight bathed Imladris in hues of blue and violet. December snow clung to the crevices among the stone stairways and weathered statues as still gold and red leaves fluttered and fell. The elves were in their autum, preparing to leave middle-earth for the gray havens. But on this evening, an unlikely aliance of men, elves, dwarves, wizards and hobbits made other preparations. Upon the dawn, the Nine Walkers would depart Imladris for Mordor and the mountain of doom. It was December twenty-fourth, and their lives were about to change forever. Legolas of Mirkwood, son of King Thranduil, stood beneath this last twilight in Rivendell with his friends Trelan and Raniean beneath a pair of statues at the foot of a stone staircase. Trelan's soft features were sullen, and his posture revealed his disagrement with his Prince's decision to aid in the One Ring's destruction. He leaned back against the statue to Legolas' right, his arms crossed over his chest. He was dressed in a soft tunic of gold and brown, with leggings of soft brown velvet. His feet were bare, having just followed Legolas from the Hall of Fire. The December chill did not touch Trelan. It did not touch any of the elven kin. "...other elves that could be going." Trelan's soft voice in the gray tongue carried in the night air. "Glorfindel is more than qualified to accompany them." Legolas nodded. He was dressed in a silver-blue tunic, one loaned to him by Elrohir, one of Elrond's twin sons. They were of similar build and height. Legolas' golden hair gleamed beneath the half-light, as did Raniean's and Trelan's. "We have gone over this for a month, Trelan. Yes, Glorfindel is more than qualified to go in my stead. I did not make this decision lightly. I promised Estel that I would follow him - a promise made the night before the council meeting. I am happy to do this, Trelan." He crossed his arms over his chest as the corners of his mouth turned up. "If Elrond had not had faith in me as a contributing member to this quest, and had thought Glorfindel a better choice, I would not be going." Raniean, the taller of the two friends, gave a soft laugh. Dressed in a dark blue, velvet tunic and black leggings, the Mirkwood elf opened his arms in a gesture of appeasement. "Oh not very likely," he nodded his head toward his friend and prince. "Where Estel goes, you seem to follow. You would go whether you were wanted or not." Trelan straightened up and put his hands to his sides. "Raniean's right. When you and Estel are together..." he did not finish, his meaning well understood between the three of them. Legolas and Estel's adventures together had usually ended in pain and torment - much to Lord Elrond's and King Thranduil's dismay. Legolas shot Raniean a hard look, but continued with his entrities. "Please, both of you. If there is one thing we all have to worry about, tis not my safety, but the destruction of the ring." Legolas thought again of the deep, graveling voice in his mind that came from the ring as he had gazed at it while at Elrond's concil. The pain that accompanied Mithrandir's recital of the Black Speech still echoed behind his eyes and he shuddered inwardly. The physical power of the ring had been exhibited when Gimli, Son of Gloin, had attempted to bash the simple gold band. The axe had disentegrated. A dwarf's axe...utterly destroyed. Ah, but leave it to a dwarf to act so brashly. Raniean nodded. "You are right. The Ring's destruction is where our prayers to the Valar should be." He turned and reached a hand out to Legolas' shoulder with a firm grip. "I will tell your father, but I will not leave tonight as you have asked. Trelan and I will remain here until the dawn. I will see you off safely, my Prince." Legolas shook his head. "You both are the most frustrating of elves." A smile finally broke Trelan's scowl. "Isn't that a dead argument as well?" ~*~ Legolas, after leaving Trelan and Raniean for the night, wandered back into the Hall of Fire. He was looking for Estel, but was told his friend was with Elladan and Elrohir, Elrond's twin sons. Legolas laughed at this - he could only imagine the sage advice those two were filling Estel's head with. He knew his closest friend was now years beyond holding to any tricks the twins attempted - but still it brought back old memories. Looking for the trio, the elf Prince stepped back out into the night and slowly descended the stone stairs to where he, Reniean and Trelan had spoken. As he passed beneath the statues and starry wreath, a soft sigh break the night. He paused and looked around him for the source. A figure stepped out from an archway before him and his heart caught for a second. "Undomiel," Legolas gave a slight bow, "you startled me." Elrond's daughter gave him a half smile with her full, pouty lips. Her expression was somber, and she kept her hands clasped before her. Her gown of shiny gold and burgundy weave glimmered beneath the lamps addorning the stairs. Someone must have come and set their flames when Legolas stepped inside. "Mae govannen, Legolas." He raised his eyebrows in concern. "Was it your sigh that I heard? It was quite a heavy exclamation." She focused her soft blue gaze on him and nodded. "I didn't mean to disturb you. I have been looking for Estel." "I have heard he is with your brothers," Legolas smiled. "I was looking for him myself. I feel he might be in need of rescuing." "Indeed, he might. I need to talk to him -" Arwen paused. Then, with a determined look, she said, "Legolas, he is pulling away from me." "Estel?" The elven Prince took a step closer to Arwen. "Perhaps he is only thinking of tomorrow and what lies beyond. As long as I have known him, Strider has often kept his emotions to himself when he believed there was danger. He does this even more so since our travels together. Perhaps he is concentrating on what dangers lay ahead for all of us at dawn." She shook her head slowly. "I wish I could believe that," she smiled at him, but the smile did not touch her eyes. "I feel something has changed between us. It frightens me." "Frighten? You?" Legolas stepped forward and took her hands in his. Her slender fingers were cold and he clasped them tighter. He held her gaze in his. "Arwen Undomiel - I have never known you to be frightened of anything. Put the fear away - I can assure you that Estel loves you and that he desires you." The wind rustled the trees around them and more autum leaves fell. A chill played along Legolas' spine and he shivered. As did Arwen. He did not believe it was the cold, but the approaching doom that hung above middle-earth if their quest failed. His race was so sensitive to the earth - here in Imladris, where spiders did not web the wood and darkness from the Necromancer had not tainted the very air, he could feel the world holding its breath. Her eyes grew wider and she stepped toward Legolas. "I could not live in this world without him. Yet..." she lowered her gaze. "I fear he will not want me to stay." "What has he spoken to leave you with such a fear?" She looked looked into Legolas' eyes and he was struck as always at their deep blue color. "That is where my fear comes from - he has said nothing to me in two days." Legolas pursed his lips in thought. If indeed Aragorn had chosen not to remain with Arwen once the ring is destroyed, there was nothing Legolas could do save berate him endlessly. Only Estel's heart could change his mind. Through their long years together as friends and traveling companions, Legolas knew that sometimes Strider protected those he loved by pushing them away, always thinking of their own health and happiness before his own. The elf prince had been the subject of that devotion many times in the years since their first meeting. Legolas took Arwen by the shoulders. "Arwen, no matter what he says, he feels only love. Whatever he does, don't back down. Don't add burden to his shoulders - for tomorrow will be heavy enough. But in the end, know that Estel loves you. He loves you with every fiber inside of him. Be firm. Be strong. Be Undomiel." She searched his face with her gaze. "Oh Legolas...if I could be as confident as you. If I could go with you and protect him..." "Remain here, Arwen," he shook his head. "I will watch over him. I give you this promise. But you must promise to watch over yourself. Estel is full of thoughts, many of which will be fear of his own future. He has not given form to your fears." "Promise me again, Legolas, that you will watch over him. You will protect him." Legolas took both her hands in his and looked directly into her eyes. "I promise you, Undomiel. I will protect him with my life." With a soft touch of her hand on his cheek, Arwen turned and moved into the darkening night. Legolas felt dizzy for an instant, the place on his cheek where Arwen touched him tingled. He moved back to one of the statues and put a bracing hand against the ice-cold stone. Whatever power he had just issued in that oath, the Valar had seen fit to embody it. And Arwen would accept nothing less. ~*~ The night wore much later before Legolas found his old friend. The Ranger was seated in the room where Narsil, the broken sword of his forefathers, rested. Just beyond the statue was the platform where two months before, Elrond had held his council and the Nine had been chosen. Behind Legolas, on the wall, was the painting depicting the cutting of the one ring from Sauron's hand. "Estel?" "Legolas," Aragorn's voice was gruff, firm, no-nonsense. It appeared the Ranger had not heard his friend's approach. "I believed you were with Elrohir and Elladan?" He gave a half smile. "I wondered if you were in need of salvation." "They have retired to bed." Estel stood. "Are you packed and ready? I would advise getting some sleep. It will be the last you orI will enjoy in a soft bed." Legolas strolled toward Estel, the night's chill rustling the leaves that blew into the open room. "And this has never happened to us before? Sleeping on rock and stone? Cowering in stables of hay or beneath trees or perhaps in them?" Estel's stern look melted and he smiled. Though Legolas noted it was a sad one. "True, mellon nin. You and I are accustomed to so many hardships. But the hobbits..." he shook his head and glanced behind him to the building over the river where they slept. "Times will be hard. The weather cruel. And the Nazgul will be at our heels." "And Saruman." Legolas stood before the statue that bore the broken sword. He looked up into the serene face of the cold stone. "We can't forget he who once guided The White Council." Estel nodded. "Elrond seemed very shaken by Gandalf's news of his betrayal." The Ranger moved away from Legolas, his arms crossed over his chest. He moved to the farthest edge of the room and