A/N: Not going to say this is my first Hunger Games FF because I have another one I'm working on which is a longer one but this little one-shot popped into my head whilst at uni this morning and I couldn't leave it! Hope you enjoy! Also, implied Hayffie at some point but can be read on a surface level as friendship if you're one of the crazy people who doesn't ship them ;) I'm not an idiot. I know what people think about me. Effie Trinket; vapid, away with the fairies, oblivious to the real world. Let them think it. I play my part well. But that's all it is: just an act. It never used to be. When I first started as an escort, I suppose that really was me. I had been brought up in the Capitol after all, so what reason did I have to not be that way? The Hunger Games were a part of my life growing up, as they are for every Capitol citizen. I would eagerly await the Tribute Parade, wanting to see the beautiful, intricate designs the stylists created. I would watch the interviews whilst judging the tributes and, as I grew older, debating with the people around me on who would come out that year's victor. Then came the grand event itself: The Hunger Games. I remember the days when I would make a fuss about going to bed, because I didn't want to miss a single moment of them. The Victory Tour, held six months after the end of the Games, was another exciting event on the calendar of every Capitolite. We would watch the footage as the victor made their way through each of the twelve Districts before they finally arrived back in the Capitol for the Grand Celebration: a night filled with food, music and dancing. It was why I had wanted to become an escort when I grew up. As soon as I was old enough, I applied for the training so that I would be ready when a position became available. I learnt how to keep the people around me to a strict schedule, always making sure to leave enough time in case of unexpected delays. I learnt how to walk, talk, dress and behave like an escort. I wasn't surprised when the role I finally landed, after years of training and waiting, was for the escort of District 12. New escorts always started with District 12; available roles in other Districts were for promotion only. The thing was, District 12 was seen as the least glamorous of the Districts, and the last time they had a victor was at the 50th Hunger Games. That was another reason the new escorts always got stuck with them: Haymitch Abernathy. The infamous, intolerable drunkard of District 12. Why he chose to spend all his money on liquor I would never understand. Or, at least I thought I would never understand. The first few years were, as I had hoped, exciting. True, there was never a victor from 12, but as an escort I still got to be involved with the glamorous events that came with the Games. It was the 69th Hunger Games when things changed. For the first time since I had been escort, two frightened twelve year olds were reaped. I could hear them on the train that first night, sobbing relentlessly, and I could not help but feel guilty; it was by my hand that their names had been picked from the reaping balls. They continued to weep at night whilst we stayed at the Training Center, and I was woken at least once each night by their terrified screams as they suffered nightmares, or their desperate calls for their mothers. That was, when I managed to block out the crying enough to get to sleep in the first place. Over those few days, I began to understand Haymitch Abernathy. The drinking was not something he did for pleasure, but something he did to distance himself from reality. It blocked out what was really happening, and numbed his emotions. Of course, I would never stoop so low as to drink myself into oblivion the way he did, and I frequently chastised him for the habit, but I at least understood why he did it. My way of coping was to go on as I always had. Shoulders back. Chin up. Smile on. The makeup I wore every day was no longer my only mask; I now hid behind the laughter and smiles expected of a Capitolite. The Games were no longer the glamorous event they had been all my life. I had been harshly awoken to the dark, twisted nature of them. I wouldn't say anything, though. I wouldn't let the hatred I now felt for President Snow and the Gamemakers show in my eyes. I wouldn't let the sorrow for each tribute I reaped and watched die be known to those around me. To them, I was still the same old Effie. To them, I still am the same old Effie. The 75th Hunger Games are upon us. The third Quarter Quell. Excitement was at an all time high in the Capitol and the career Districts, for the Quarter Quells, held every twenty-five years, were the Ultimate Hunger Games. The first Quarter Quell, they had made each District vote on the tributes who would represent them, as a reminder that it was due to the choices made by the rebels that their children were dying. The second Quarter Quell, they had sent twice as many tributes into the arena, to represent that two rebel children died for every Capitol citizen. That had been the year Haymitch won. This year, they have decreed that the tributes will be reaped from the existing pool of victors, to remind the rebels that even the strongest cannot overcome the power of the Capitol. I cannot begin to describe how I felt after hearing President Snow make the announcement. I brought two victors home only last year; Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark. That brought the total victors of District 12 to three. Katniss was guaranteed to go back in, and I knew that Peeta would volunteer should Haymitch's name be drawn, and vice versa. This was too much of a coincidence to have been something decided by the creators of the Games seventy-five years ago. It was too appropriate that, just as the idea of rebellion hung in the air. There was little doubt in my mind that President Snow had set this up. He needed Katniss out of the picture, and killing her directly would spark off exactly what he wanted to avoid. Katniss had, he believed, defied the Capitol in last year's Hunger Games. Half-way through, there had been a rule change stating that two victors could be crowned if they came from the same District, no doubt inspired by the star-crossed lovers act Haymitch had devised for Peeta and Katniss. Then, just when they thought they had won, the rule was revoked. It was gripping viewing for the Capitolites: which of these star-crossed lovers would kill the other? Katniss, however, had saved some nightlock berries they had found earlier. Deadly poisonous, they would kill the eater in a minute. Just as it looked as though they would both die, the rule was reinstated and both tributes were crowned. Now, President Snow needed to get rid of them. The trick with the berries had been the last, desperate act of two hopeless romantics to the Capitolites, but to those in the Districts it was an act of defiance. I wasn't sure of all the details, but I knew that fighting had broken out in several of the Districts. I also knew that the Victory Tour was unlike any others. I remember clearly our arrival at District 11, where eight Peacekeepers directed us into an armoured truck. Though I had never been on a Victory Tour before, I knew this was all wrong. I made some flippant remark about how you would think we were all criminals, the sort of comment people had come to expect from ignorant Effie. The real Effie, however, knew what was going on. I knew that this was all because of Katniss and the berries. True, Peeta had played his part too, but the idea had been Katniss'. She was the one who now symbolised hope and rebellion for the Districts, and trouble for President Snow. I still remember the beautiful speeches Peeta and Katniss made at District 11 that day. Peeta, offering up a month's worth of his and Katniss' winnings to the families of the tributes who had competed with them, Thresh and Rue, and Katniss' emotional thanks to the families whose children had both helped her survive the arena. I remember the screens going black, and a gunshot. Haymitch mentioned it and I, in true Effie style, denied it. I was just relieved to see Katniss and Peeta walk in. I'm still not exactly sure what happened out there, but what I do know is that they stuck to the scripted speeches provided by the Capitol for the rest of the tour. And now, they are to go back into the arena. It's all too perfect for the current situation. I couldn't stand the reaping this year. It was obvious that Katniss was going back into the arena as the only female tribute from District 12, but I still had to perform the ritual and pull the lone piece of paper from the reaping ball. Then I pulled Haymitch's name from the second reaping ball, and no sooner were the words out of my mouth than Peeta had volunteered in his place. Haymitch still came with us to the Capitol, acting once again as mentor. I knew it would be hard for him; after so many years, he had grown close to several of the other victors. They all knew the painful existence after the Games, and mutual understanding had evolved into friendship. Mags, the District 4 victor of one of the first Hunger Games, and Chaff, the District 11 victor of the 45th Hunger Games, I knew were especially close to him. We took our usual seats for the Tribute Parade, watching the twelve chariots come down into the city circle. I noticed how several of the stylists had attempted to mimic Cinna and Portia's illuminations from last year. It worked for some of them; the tributes from District 3, known for producing electronics, were dressed in electric-light-studded outfits, but for others it was laughable - the cows with flaming belts from the livestock District 10, for example. And yet, despite all this, Cinna and Portia still managed to make sure all eyes were on the tributes from District 12. I'm sure that everyone watching was mesmerised by the way the outfits really did look like glowing embers from a fireplace. We truly were blessed with the most fantastic, talented stylists. Haymitch went to meet Katniss and Peeta back in the training center whilst I spoke with a few of the other escorts before meeting up with him by the elevators. Seeing as District 12 always stays on the top floor, we had quite a long ride up in which to discuss Peeta and Katniss and their appearance in the Tribute Parade. We agreed they had looked simply magnificent, and that their cold, unforgiving stares were perfect for expressing the sentiment shared by mentors and tributes alike: these Games were not right. Their entrance was perfect for another reason, too. It made them seem powerful, no longer the giddy children they had been last year, and that was exactly the right way for them to gain sponsors this year. The training this year was especially important. Last year, Haymitch had advised they keep their talents hidden to surprise the other tributes in the arena. This year, their talents were already known and so he told them to show