Hey! It's my Solangelo shipping anniversary! To celebrate, I've written this one shot in Will's perpective. This was inspired by the Library Scene in Junjou Romantica. It was episode six of season one, I think. Since in Soul Healing I focused on Nico so much, I really wanted to write something that could be true to Will's personality in the book. I hope I succeeded! You be the judge :) Disclaimer: No matter how hard I wished I owned every fandom I write in, I just don't own anything. The Apollo cabin was filled with shouts and screams as the summer campers trickled in. Someone was belting out a Bruno Mars song as the karaoke track played. A group was having an epic haiku battle. Most were fighting over which bunk they took or where their luggage were. In short, cabin seven was in chaos. The only one who was quiet amongst the siblings was the eldest one - cabin seven's head counsellor, Will Solace. He had only been back for an hour yet his heart raced as he stared at the walls, absentmindedly playing with a bottle labelled: aromatic spirit of ammonia. Why has he been ignoring me? "Um… I think Will's broken," one of the younger kids said. "Hit him with the ammonia," another said before going back to the intense haiku battle. Not noticing his little sister taking the bottle from his hands, he continued staring blankly, his mind elsewhere. He never wrote back to me. He didn't Iris message me. Was there something I've done? Is he going to break up with me? Oh my gods, he's totally breaking up with- Suddenly, the bottle of ammonia went flying from the little girl's fist and towards his head, snapping him out of his daze. "Ow! Tracy, why would you do that?" he said, rubbing the sore spot on his head. "Vinny told me to!" she said, pointing to her older brother. "I did not tell her She threw the bottle at you Will, it is not my fault." "That's six syllables!" his opponent told him. His brothers and sisters burst into argument. He strode towards the middle of the room, holding his hands up to calm everyone down. Unfortunately, no one noticed him. Well, they were asking for it. Will put his fingers in his mouth and did his loudest ultrasonic whistle. Everybody grabbed their ears as the sound pierced through the air. Some of the younger kids even dropped to the floor. He would get everyone's hearing checked by tomorrow. "Would someone turn the music down please?" With a grumble, his brother turned the speakers off. He mentally did a headcount. "Good, we're all here. Before I let you do whatever you want, I'll assign the soloist for tonight's sing-along." Otherwise, he'll be leading the camp in singing Journey songs like he did last year. What a disaster that turned out to be. Now, everyone knew Will Solace, son of Apollo, can't sing to save his life. Why was it that he could sing healing hymns finely but not regular songs? Several hands flew up in air so he was forced to pick one. "Okay, Mae but no showtunes. Just songs about the gods, alright?" She nodded and the music was immediately turned up. The haiku battle and all the fights resumed. Will sighed. He decided to go by the infirmary. If any of the other cabins' family reunions went half as crazy as theirs did, he would certainly be needed. Besides, healing was his favorite thing to do because honestly, it was the only thing he could do. Also, it would keep his mind off things... probably. Inside the infirmary was half of the Hermes cabin. Apparently, someone thought that indoor fireworks was a good idea. At least no one lost any fingers this time. Regrowing body parts was hard work. In no time, the Hermes kids were sorted out and Will gave the smaller ones lollipops for being good patients. Will smiled as he led them out. He was about to put the lid back on when he noticed that the whole candy jar had gone missing. He sighed and dropped himself on his chair. Nico would have noticed , he thought. Will should have just stayed at camp that year. But attending a university had always been his dream. When he was a little kid, his mom always took took him to the library and get him science books. He loved learning, even when the words would do dance numbers in his dyslexic mind. Nico's face as he bid him goodbye last summer flashed in his mind. He did everything he could to convince Nico that staying at camp was a good idea only to leave him in the end. "You're leaving? F-For college?" he asked. "But you stayed at camp every year. How-" "I took a proficiency exam," Will replied. "And I was accepted at the university near my home." He looked down to his feet "Well, that's good. You get to be close to your mom." "Nico… I'm really sorry. I just couldn't tell you sooner "Why?" Why indeed. Well, Will was already in love with him then, but he didn't say that. They kept in touch, Iris messaging each other originally for at least once a month and then gradually coming close to once a day. Nico even shadow travelled to his house for his birthday. Will's mom liked Nico so much that she gave him half the carrot cake she baked. Gods. He missed Nico so much. Although they had been going on dates - outings, as Nico called them - they had only been together since Winter break when he decided to spend Christmas at camp. That was the last time he had spoken to him. The door opened causing Will to jump up. He waited eagerly, hoping it was Nico, but was disappointed when he realized it was just Jason. "Hey Will, you're back!" He greeted with a smile. "I just need a band-aid." Will looked at Jason's fingers. "A paper-cut?" That was probably the lamest injury a demigod could get. "Yeah, I was helping Nico with-" he stopped himself, pushing his glasses up. He furrowed his brows, handing him the band-aid. "With what?" "It's not really my place to tell." "But I'm his boyfriend ." What kind of secret did Nico have that he couldn't tell him but could tell Jason? He frowned at the son of Zeus - Jupiter, whatever. He knew better than to get jealous at Jason of all people, but he hasn't had any contact with Nico since January. What if there's someone else? "Listen, man. Nico's a complicated person and you probably know that since you two are together." "Are we?" he asked bitterly. "Are we really together?" "We are," Nico said softly, coming out of the shadows. His worn jeans and black shirt were still shadowy around the edges but sharpened as he stepped into the light. "Hey, Will." For a moment, Will stood frozen. He didn't know whether to laugh, cry, both or just kill the son of Hades right there. Jason muttered something about meeting with Piper and left the two of them alone. Nico went closer, watching him with expressionless eyes. "W-what are you doing here?" he asked. "I wanted to see you," Nico said. Will rolled his eyes and went around the room, pretending to be busy. Nico caught up to him and took his hand. Ignoring the flutters in his chest, he wrenched his hand from his. He had to remember that he was furious. "I was like one rainbow away." "You're angry at me." "Gee. Whatever gave you that idea?" he said sarcastically. It was the first time he appreciated how messy his siblings were. They really let the infirmary go to the dumps. Towers of papers, threatening to spill over, were sitting in a corner, empty containers of salves strewn carelessly around and all the beds were unmade. Now, he busied himself with cleaning and thinking how he would punish the year-rounders for doing this to his precious infirmary. "I actually came to apologize," Nico said as he followed him around. The sound of his voice made Will's heart clench. Ignoring him was hard enough. How could he possibly stay angry at him? He lifted his head from the floor and glanced at him. Had he grown taller? He offered him a weak smile, which made him smile back. Nico hesitated for a moment, before approaching in a slight jog. The sound of papers falling over echoed in the room. Will cursed under his breath. Nico had knocked over a tower of papers. "Gods, I'm so sorry. Let me help-" "No Nico." He let out a deep breath. "You've done enough. There's a specific way to organize these and you can't possible know how." Uneasy silence settled over them as they knelt on the floor while Will arranged the papers in order so he could place them back in the cabinet. Clearing his throat, Nico broke the silence. "I'm sorry for disturbing you then." He stood up and headed towards the door. For a second, Will stared after him, a mixture of disbelief and dread rising in his chest. Instantly, he forgot that he was angry with him. The feeling of Nico leaving him weighed heavier that his own hurt feelings. Will got up and rushed to close the door before Nico could go. Eyes wide, Nico spun around and gaped at the sight of Will towering over him almost too closely. Will opened his mouth to say something but stopped himself when he realized he didn't know what to say. Nico grew taller , that was the first thing that registered in his mind. He also looked tired and it broke his heart a little. "I thought you regret being my boyfriend," he admitted, finally. Nico shook his head. "You're wrong." Relief washed through him. It was all he needed to forgive him. Although, it did kind of suck that even after everything he went through to get close to the guy, he was still chasing after him. But Will pushed all those thoughts away and leaned into Nico's lips, pressing a delicate kiss there. He just couldn't resist. Nico deepened their kiss but Will playfully pushed him away. "Jerk," he said. "Why didn't you contact me?" "I um... was busy with a lot of things," he said and Will nodded. When Nico got crazy busy, his mind would go into depressing prince of darkness mode. Will sorted it out before, recommending tons of sleep and occasional dates with him - the latter being totally made up - but he supposed he could never fully take it out of him. "I'll forgive you this time," he said, pulling him in a tight hug. "I missed you." "I missed you too," he said softly. Will placed his lips close to his ear. "You have to make it up to me," he whispered. "Excuse me?" Nico shoved him away. Will shrugged. "Come on, I haven't talked to you in months. You got to have a truly epic date planned when you ignore your boyfriend like that." He almost laughed when Nico crossed his arms and rolled his eyes at him. "Besides, we didn't get to celebrate your birthday." "That's not necessary." "Your present is back at my cabin." His eyes snapped up to meet his. "P-present? Really?" Nico looked so adorable as he tried to suppress a smile. "Of course, but you can only get it when you finally take me on that date," Will said. "You can't expect me to let you have everything you want just because I love you." "Idiot. Stop saying weird things like that..." he said, turning away. With his face flushed crimson, Nico turned back around, looking embarrassed. All the affection he showered him with still wasn't enough. Maybe it was because they were both guys? Although, Will