Disclaimer: I don't own the PJO characters. This will not be in true family order. Brackets are siblings, in age order (The brackets, that is.) Grade 6: Hazel Grade 7:(Percy -cousins with: Thalia, Jason, Nico, Bianca, Hazel, all in grade 7.) (Thalia, Jason.) (Bianca, Nico, Hazel is in grade 6) (Clarisse {La rue}-step-siblings-, Frank {Zhang}) (Katie, Miranda ) (Travis, Connor) (Lou Ellen (Dunno her last name(gonna make one up)) {Mic})(Charles, Nyssa, Leo) Calypso {Titan}, (Hylla, Reyna {Wrior})(Other demigods, I forgot) (Silena, Piper) (Annabeth. Malcolm{Dence}), Rachel. Ah whatever! The demigods have the same last names, if it is half-siblings, they are step-siblings. Grade 8: (Aphrodite, Persephone{Amour}) (Artemis, Apollo{Hunter}) (Hestia, Demeter, Hera {Olema}) (Poseidon, Zeus, {Hades is in grade 8.}{Lerpia}) (Hermes, Dionysus) (Hephaestus, Ares, Athena{Spark}) (Thanatos, Morpheus, Hecate {Dinder}) , Grover Underwood, Juniper Nyna. Leuce Weta Grade 9: Hades Teachers: Paul Blofis, Mr. Brunner, Coach Hedge Floors: Learning: 2-4|Dorms: Boys: 5, Girls: 6| Food, Library, Extra Stuff: 1 Persephone's POV: I brushed my hair, sighing as I did. Same old same old. I would start school in one week, and once again, I was alone with my sister, Aphrodite. Our parents were always travelling, so we lived by ourselves. This year, we would be going to a boarding school in a city close to hear. The two of us were in grade 7, because the school was from grade 6 to university. "Sephy!" Aphrodite shouted. "Yes Aphy?" "Your best friend, Demeter is calling!" She walked into the room. "By the way, you should apply some make up. You need to look attractive when we go to the school." Oh right! I forgot we were leaving today. Taking the phone from her, I put down the brush. "Hi Demeter!" "When are you going to the school? Hera, Hestia and I are leaving today!" She practically yelled in my ear. "Same here." I groaned, I really didn't know who I was bunking with. "I'm in a room with Aphrodite and two other girls, I think." I said. "Great! See you there!" She squealed. "Oh, and wait for me!" She added. "Okay." I said. Demeter's enthusiasm was annoying. "Let's go!" Aphrodite squealed. In a way, she got along with Demeter better than I did. I got along with Hestia, who was Demeter's sister, more though. I grabbed my large pale green suitcase and bright green backpack and followed her to our parking lot. A green and pink car, with a chauffeur sat there. "Hello girls." The man had a southern accent. "Helios!" Aphrodite yelled, hugging him. Helios was an old friend of our mother, when she found out that I was missing, and he helped her find me. After the long drive, with Aphrodite chatting away, we finally reached the school and stopped. It was giant, with banners and balloons all over it. 'Welcome to Olympus Academy!' The biggest sign read. "Hello! Would you like some help with your bags?" A bright voice asked me. I turned around and saw a green-eyed and green-haired girl. "Sure. Thanks!" Aphrodite accepted the help, and gave the girl some of her luggage. We just arrived, and I already saw most of the boys drooling over her. What really caught my attention though, were three brothers-I knew they were brothers because that's what they called each other-, two of them drooling over Aphrodite and the seemingly older one slapping them over the head and whispering something to them. More like sneering, actually. As I walked up the stairs with my sister and the girl, she introduced herself. "My name is Juniper, and I'm part of the cheerleading team with my friends and some annoying people. Go nymphs!" She jumped up and cheered. "I'll introduce you to my friends later." She added. As we walked into the sign up corner, the lady there stared and asked. "What is your name, dearie?" "I'm Aphrodite Amour, and this is my sister, Persephone." Aphrodite said, confidently. "I'm Juniper Nyna." "Alright, you two will be in room 604, with Athena Sparks and Artemis Hunter. And then Juniper will be in room 605 with Demeter, Hera and Hestia Olema." She told us. "Thank you." I said. Aphrodite, Juniper and I walked over to the office to get our schedules and look at the activities. On the way to the office, I saw the three brothers again. This time at the sign up sheets. "I will win football and all the other sports." The blonde one said. I glared at him, he seemed arrogant. "I think I can get a spot in swimming." The sea-green eyed one said, that was a bit better. "I think you will forget me." The darkest one said. "Like last year, and the year-" He was cut off. "Oh come on, Hades! I don't think that you should stay out of this. Imagine all the pride we would get over it!" The blonde one said, slinging an arm over Hades. Yep, I will definitely hate him "Zeus. If you don't get your arm off me right now, I will..." He seemed at lost for words. "Mom likes me best, father left us and Poseidon won't help." Zeus said. Hades seemed upset. "I guess. But still! I don't want to sign up for anything." He said. "I hope you don't forget me." He added. "Of course we won't!" The sea-green eyed one replied. "You said that last year, Poseidon." Hades said. Zeus didn't seem to hear him, as he walked over to the jocks and started laughing with them. Poseidon just smirked at Hades and went over to the swimming team. Hades stormed off, with all of their luggage. I wrinkled my nose. His brothers were kind of mean, leaving him alone. "Persephone?" Aphrodite called me. "We have to go..." She started dragging me over to the stairs. I just realized that Aphrodite got our schedules. I scanned the courtyard for Demeter, before spotting her with Hera, Hestia and another girl. I raced up the stairs after Juniper and Aphrodite. "This is your room!" Juniper said, flinging the doors open. I stared at it, open-mouthed. There were two bunks, four desks, four closets, four bathrooms and a hell lot of space. Two girls were already there, chatting. When I stepped in with Aphrodite, they paused to stare at the three of us, waving. "Juniper!" The gray-eyed one said. "Hi Athena! Long time no see." Juniper giggled. "Artemis!" She hugged the other girl too. A boy burst into the room. "Hey Athena, where is my..." He trailed off, staring at Aphrodite. "Hi! My name is Ares." He told her. "I'm Aphrodite." My sister said. I rolled my eyes and entered the room. "Hello. My name is Persephone Amour and that is my sister." I greeted the other girls. "I call top!" I yelled at Aphrodite. "Hi!" The two girls said in unison. "I think you might know us from the lady at the front. We came here a few years back." Athena said. We chatted for a while before Athena asked Ares something. "So... what were you looking for again?" She asked. "I'm younger than him." She told me. "Oh. Right. Where is my notebook?" He asked her, while Aphrodite settled into the bed under mine and started setting her things up. "Right here." Athena took out a blood red notebook. "You study?" She asked. "Yes, oh wise one." He replied, taking the notebook and leaving, not before saying bye to Aphy though. "Artemis?" A soft voice asked. "Hecate?" Artemis asked. "Hi cousin!" Hecate bounded in the room. "I'm in room 605." She added. A boy walked in after her. He was the boy I saw at the entrance! I remembered. Aphrodite caught me looking at him and smirked. I sat on her bed and elbowed her. He was actually rather attractive, I thought. "Hecate? I thought you said that you were going to finish unpacking first?" He asked. "Hades... I thought you would understand that I need to talk to my cousins." She sighed. "We're cousins too. Besides, I unpacked all of my family's stuff. Immediate family that is. My brothers forgot me. Again." He sighed. I felt strangely relieved when he said that they were cousins. "Oh come on, don't be so sad." Hecate patted him on the shoulder. "Oh right!" Athena jumped up. "Hecate, Hades, this is Persephone and Aphrodite Amour. Persephone, Aphrodite, this is Hecate Dinder and Hades Lerpia." "Hello." Hecate said to me and Aph, smiling. Hades, on the other hand, shook our hands. "So... do you like the school?" Hades asked. "I guess." I answered. "How long have you been here?" "Since grade 1. When I was that young, they had all the grades. My brothers came in grade six." He answered. "I've been here for the longest. After, it would be a girl named Leuce, who is a friend of mine." "And you are in grade...?" Aphrodite asked. "Nine." He said. As much as I loved Aph, I hated the fact that she chased after men. Right now, she was eyeing Hades. "It's kind of busy the first day." Hades warned us. "He was our guide for our first year." Artemis said, gesturing at Athena, Hecate and herself. "I think I should go back. I'm in 504." He told us, leaving. "Poor Hades." Hecate sighed. "What?" I asked, confused. "His brothers never like being seen with him, so they 'forget' him each year, while his parents don't like him, so he rarely goes home. This is one of those years, and all he got was more scars." Artemis explained, frowning. "Boys are such pigs." She said. Athena's phone rang. "Poseidon? What the hell are you calling me for?" She snapped, and paused. "Okay then. No, I'm in room 604. Yes, my roommates are nice. Yes, I do feel bad for Hades. Bye! Oh, okay. Be right there." She hung up. "That was my oldest brother, Hephaestus. Sorry, but I have to greet students. Bye!" She told us, and raced out the door. Hecate stared at the clock and rushed to the door. "Bye! See you later. I have to finish the homework from last year!" The three of us waved. Demeter's POV: "Where is the school? I can't find it!" Hera wailed. "I think we have to go left." I said. After a while, we finally reached the school. I looked around for Persephone, but didn't find her. "Hello. Do you need any help?" A black-haired girl asked us. "Yes, this is our first year here. I am Demeter, and these are my sisters, Hestia and Hera." "I'm Hecate." The girl said. "Follow me. You have to go get your schedules and find out which dorm you're in." We followed her over to a desk where a lady asked us something. "What are your names?" "Demeter, Hestia, and Hera Olema." I said. "You will be in room 605 with Hecate Dinder." She said. I stared at my sisters and Hecate. "Yes!" Hecate pumped a fist in the air, and led us to the office. I bumped into a boy on the way there. "Sorry- Demeter?" He asked. I looked up to see the face of one of my best friends, that left a long time ago. "Hades!" I hugged him, and my sisters did the same, while Hecate grinned. It was then I saw all the bags he was carrying. "Finally. I thought you would never show up and had been taken by an alien, Hecate!" He joked. "Jeez. I thought I was your favorite cousin!" Hecate pretended to be hurt. "Thanatos is." Hades said. "What are the bags for?" I asked. "My brothers'. I'm dropping it in our room." He told me. " Speaking of rooms, which room are you in?" He asked us. "605." The four of us replied in unison. "I got 504, with Grover and the trouble brothers." He frowned. "Did you see Persephone?" I asked them. "Umm... who?" Hades and Hecate asked. "Never mind." I said. "What are you signing up