Happy July 4th weekend, everyone! May you all be surrounded by family, beer, fireworks, and fried foods. I honestly am bewildered at reaching the 100-review mark, and I can only thank you all over and over again for taking the time to read my little story and leaving your thoughts. As philosopher Katy Perry once said, "'Cause baby you're a firework. Come on show 'em what you're worth." So as a special thank you, I've decided to write an EPOV. Hopefully it doesn't suck. And no, I will not be focusing on anyone else's relationship than the ones I've already introduced (A/J, B/E, B/J). We all know who ends up together :) The (Ass)umption Edward "I quit." My words of freedom land flatly, without any cadence of emotion. Like other bittersweet occasions, I automatically compartmentalize how I feel, and instead focus on my decision. My ex-best friend and research partner, Ben, just scoffs. "You're not quitting. You're tied to two of our biggest projects, which you spearheaded, and besides me, you're the only other person who's billed more hours here." I raise an eyebrow. He rolls his eyes. "Ok, your numbers are higher than mine. But seriously-you're not leaving." He punctuates his statement by leaning back in his expensive, Swedish chair, and he almost appears impressive-maybe even intimidating. He is the VP of one of the largest health research companies, after all. But he was also my best friend in college, and we met while puking in the same bush outside of the Theta Chi frathouse. Whoever said money doesn't buy class...was 100% accurate. I glance around his desk, taking in the penthouse style, open panel windows, and the various metallic and minimalist furniture that probably cost more than the secretaries' salaries on this floor. Ben traded his college hoodie and sweatpants for a three figure suit and wing-tipped shoes, and I don't think he's ever gotten the irony of the situation. I don't think he's ever stood in front of his mirror after getting dressed in the morning and realized, "Damn, when did I become a grade A douchebag?" And, despite weeks of wrestling with my decision, I don't think he ever felt guilt over the cover-up. I clear my throat and stand up straighter. "I turned in my two week notice, I've made arrangements with the other project directors, and I've cleaned out my office. Technically, I don't even need to be here right now. This was a courtesy call." Ben frowns and starts to fiddle with the glass chess set on his desk (I wish I were kidding). "Look, I get it. Everything's kind of shitty right now, but it'll get better. Dude-we're practically in charge of this company right now. We get to make the calls. And we can correct our mistakes in the future." His voice takes on a more optimistic note towards the end, as if he actually means what he's saying, but I know better. Still, he's a previous coworker and close friend, so I figure I owe him a modicum of decency. "Maybe we shouldn't. Maybe what happened is an indication that we shouldn't be the ones calling the shots," I explain slowly. He throws the chess piece down and stands up, agitated. "I don't understand why you're throwing it all away-all the progress we've made-just because of one fuckup. People fuckup all the time, your highness. Sorry we can't all be as honest and dignified as you," he spits. I just stand still, absorbing his rage. "It's not just one fuckup," I respond quietly. "It's not an error that can be easily fixed. What you and Tanya did was inexcusable and unforgivable. You're both incredibly lucky that no one died." He winces and starts to pace around, like a wild animal that's been hopelessly trapped behind steel bars. "The settlements were more than generous for the families-" "Yeah, I'm sure they'll be hugging their money as tightly as their hospitalized kids from the side effects of the medication that we apparently had no knowledge of." I clench my jaw and remind myself to breathe in and out. From the very beginning, I knew something was wrong with the contract to MedRing, a promising but still relatively unknown pharmaceutical company based in Switzerland. While the company was vouched for by our other partners, the medication they were pushing, which promised to alleviate the effects of neurodegenerative disorders, seemed too good to be true. Though I had repeatedly voiced my suspicions, Tanya and Ben, the other directors on the contract, decided to move forward. A year into the project, families were appropriately worried about their children, who comprised the majority of the target population, and exhibited severe reactions to the medicine. After conducting an evaluation, we found that not only did the medication cause the symptoms to worsen, but it also increased the patient's risk of other conditions like liver failure, cervical cancer, and infertility. My response? Report it to the FDA and accept the appropriate punishment, wiping our conscience clean. Tanya, Ben, and the CEO's response? Slap the families with an NDA and pay them enough money to keep their mouths shut. Most of these families were poor and vulnerable. Essentially, we gave them a poisoned apple and then bullied them to hide the rotten cores. And people ask me why I have trust issues. Like any skittish rat, Ben nervously asks, "So what does this mean? Are you actually thinking of going to the Board?" I smile wryly. This is what I'd been waiting for. Not that he gave a shit about my career or my well-being, but because he was only thinking of himself. I don't even think Tanya, his wife, was on his mind right now. "I already have," I answer, watching him freeze. "But I guess when the CEO's daughter and her husband fuck up, it's not that big of a deal. Congratulations, Ben-you got the father-in-law you've always wanted." For a second, I think he'll punch me, but I almost laugh at myself for the ludicrous suggestion. As if he would lift a finger to get something done. Still, I wait for the inevitable anger and fake threat. "You son of a bitch. After everything I've done for you-this company has done for you? Fuck you, man." I nod. "Excellent. You could have also said, 'This isn't over', 'You'll regret this', and the classic-'Yippie Ki-Yay, Motherfucker'." I don't bother to stick around and listen to the rest of his explosive rant, and instead button my suit jacket, grab the "World's Biggest Jackass" mug I had gifted to him after his promotion, and close the door behind me. Good riddance. It isn't ideal going to work for my father, who owns the company that I had competed with for the last five years, but I almost had no choice at this point. Every company, once they achieved a certain level of success, started to fuck around with the rules. Granted, sometimes it's not that big of a deal, but other times-as in the case with my previous place of employment-the results can be catastrophic. I still have nightmares from listening to all the voicemails left on my office phone-all of the families' tirades, tearful pleas, and appropriate threats. We had injured the most precious and vulnerable people in their lives, and the only reason behind it was money. It was always about the fucking money. I enjoyed my work (when it was in the right hands), and even though I had sworn to never work with my father, wanting to prove myself and carve out my own path in the health research world, there was also no one I trusted more. Would I have some benefits and flexibility just given the nature of our relationship? Probably; I'm not naive enough to dismiss the possibility. But I had been working for almost nine years, collaborating with some of the world's most renowned researchers and organizations, and if anyone wanted to play the "nepotism" card, then I would gladly show them my list of accomplishments and publications. "This is wonderful. My boys finally working together-oh I'll have to visit more often now!" Esme grins, grabbing both my and Carlisle's shoulders. "Edward, sweetheart, have you started looking at apartments yet? You're welcome to stay here, you know. There's plenty of space." I almost choke on my drink. I was already single, early 30s, and (momentarily) unemployed. If I moved in with my parents, I might as well just give up and start looking for cats and inflatable sex dolls. I smile appreciatively, making sure to flash the dimple. "Thanks, mom, but I actually just moved into a 1 bedroom over on Capitol Hill." She simply raises an eyebrow, and shoots me a, "You're cute but not that cute" expression. "Perfect, then I'll be over to help decorate. Be sure to text me the address. I can stop by sometime next week." I stifle a groan. I should've known she would try the highballing technique. Carlisle refills his lemonade and pats me on the back. "Esme, the boy is almost 30-" Close, I just turned 31 last October but thanks dad- "Don't you think he can buy his own home furnishings by now?" Esme simply raises the other eyebrow. "Are you saying you could go to Crate and Barrel and pick out the appropriate items to create the same atmosphere I have in our lovely home?" Poor Carlisle just blinks. I'm pretty sure he doesn't even know what Crate and Barrel is. I wipe my mouth and start to stand up. "Mom, I'll be around next Monday and Tuesday for some last minute furniture to arrive and to have cable set up. You're welcome to come over anytime. Dad-I'll see you at the office on Wednesday." He rubs his hands together like a toddler gleefully. "Sure, son. Be prepared-IHS is well-known for its hazi-I mean, unconventional welcome." He snickers and finishes the rest of his lemonade while my mother shoots him an exasperated but loving look. I roll my eyes and hug them both, feeling my heart squeeze in my chest. While I treasured moments like these, there was still a leftover part of me that felt like the lost kid looking in from the window. Carlisle and Esme were the perfect parents, and I've never taken them for granted or forgotten how lucky I was to be adopted by them. But sometimes, I wonder if I've let them down. Sometimes I wonder if they wish they found me earlier, so I wasn't as reserved and skeptical as I am now. Ultimately, it doesn't really matter. On paper, I was educated at some of the best schools in the country, traveled extensively throughout my 20s, and exemplified every inch the lifestyle of the 1%. People are often jealous of these experiences, and on a certain level-they should be. The life I was given is far better than the life I had, but things that sparkle and glisten are the most noticeable when they start to fade. Eventually, the insatiable need for power and money become the sole motivations for living, and I was either too naive or too cynical to believe that would ever make me happy. Then again, it took me a week before telling the CEO about the cover-up. It took me another week to resign. The college version of myself would have kicked my ass for waiting so long. I close my eyes and lean back against my car seat, inhaling deeply. ABS, Ben, Tanya-that was in my past now. Yes, it was shitty, but I had no doubt that things could only improve from here. Three weeks later I was wrong. Dead wrong. I prefer Dr. Swan. And I prefer having a co-worker who didn't just embarrass me on my first project, but I guess we're both shit out of luck. I watch her stride out of the conference room, forcing myself to count backwards from ten, a