Because who doesn't want to start off the New Year with some good ol' fashioned angst? Originally written for the Beyond the Bedroom contest, but eh, decided to post as an experimental exercise instead. Happy almost 2017, everyone! Warning: Serious angst ahead. You won't walk away with a smile on your face. And yes-everything is deliberate here :) Inspired by An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge. An Occurrence "We can talk about this," the man pleaded, his hands behind his head. "Please don't-don't leave." The brunette simply blinked in response, glancing up at the ceiling, even as the tears silently trailed down her pale cheeks. "I can't. I'm sorry." The man stood up and moved threateningly towards her, his fists clenched. "We won't have a chance the second you open the door. We won't be able to go back." She wiped away at her eyes, the agitated, jerky movements starkly in contrast to her previously wooden expression. "There's no place to go back to," she cried. "There's no place for us anymore. Don't you get that?" The man had started to pace in response to her first question, until he stopped in front of her and pointed, his finger hovering a few inches from her face. "No. NO-you don't get to do this. Why are you saying this, Anna? Why are you telling me this?" He shook her shoulders, adding to the tremors that overtook her body from her sobs. Waves of raw pain and loss finally caused her to collapse against the wall, so that he was somehow holding her upright and tearing her apart. He punished her mouth with his, the desperation fueling flickers of lust, inappropriately timed as they were. For a second, she didn't react, until she reared back and slapped him. He broke from her with resignation but not surprise. The brunette swallowed and stretched to every inch of her height, still barely meeting the man's nose. Her skeleton never seemed more brittle to her, as if it were an empty shell, misleadingly strong. At the same time, she felt determination sink in, so that the bones slowly forged into iron. She placed her lips right next to his ear, her tears staining his cheek like rain on freshly poured concrete. "Because I don't ever want to see you again." "CUT!" I took a deep breath, breaking my gaze from his, fighting the instinct to run back into my dressing room. Professional, I reminded myself. You need to be gracious and supportive. Ben, our director, waved us off impatiently, licking his lips in concentration at the worn and marked script pages in his hand. He nodded approvingly, the only praise of which he was capable. "Decent take," he murmured, underlining another line absently with his ever present red pen. "Let's go from scene 137. I really want this to come across as authentic as possible, so remember-neither of the characters know the truth about each other, and this is their dance. It can't be cute but it can't be too cautious either." He paused. "Just remember that none of it is real." I nodded before walking off the set to hurriedly change into the expected outfit-a semi-sheer nightgown, much to my annoyance. Why men think every woman wears this to bed was beyond my understanding, but I rolled my eyes and secured the straps to my shoulders, not taking any chances. Each step amplified the pulse thrumming in my ears as I approached him. Edward Cullen. The once promising box office draw turned reckless playboy who had been arrested for drunk driving and forced to rehab. It didn't matter that I had cheered him on as many times as I had bailed him out. It didn't matter that he was now on the verge of a professional comeback while I struggled for roles. Once the camera turned on, he was someone completely different-Masen Queen, my character's love interest, who would unknowingly lead to her ruin. The parallels were still eerily similar, even if that assessment was slightly unfair. My breaths accelerated as I felt the familiar rush of slipping into character, desperate to shed my skin and adopt their feelings, hopes, and dreams. Their wants, needs, and desires. Their fears, addictions, and weaknesses. "Quiet on set!" Ben yelled. "And...action!" Masen stretched his arm against the leather cushion of the couch. Of my couch. "You're trying too hard," he coached. "No one at the auditions is going to trust someone who still has the bright-eyed, deer in the woods look." I bristled, crossing my legs and watching his eyes linger on my exposed skin. "I don't recall asking for your advice. Or your presence." The silk material flattened to the front of my thighs as I stood and walked to the kitchen, pulling out a glass from the shelf. He followed me, footsteps heavy against the hardwood floors. "I'm giving you constructive criticism. Friends do that right? Helpful ones, that is." He grinned cockily and leaned against the counter, his presence far too imposing in the small, studio kitchen. "Yes, I'm thinking about the colors of our friendship bracelets as we speak," I deadpanned, pouring myself some water. "Why are you really here?" Regret flashed in those murky green eyes before it was replaced by a strained smile. "It doesn't matter. You wouldn't believe me anyway." My breath hitched at his improvisation. Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale- Goddamn it, why had no one called cut yet? I slowly traced the rim of the glass, never breaking his stare. "I don't believe in anything. Least of all you." Controlled rage kept my tone curt, even if it hinted at the volatility of our relationship. Professional and otherwise. He spread his hands on his thighs, as if in surrender. "Maybe that's why I'm here, B-Anna." Ignoring his slip, I continued, creative adrenaline strumming my veins. "I don't need you, Masen. Maybe I would have a few years ago, if we met under different circumstances, but that's not true anymore." He looked away. "You don't know what you need," he murmured darkly. Fucking hell. I strode up to him and against all reason and sanity, placed my fingers under that sharp jaw, tilting it towards me. "I need air. I need water. I need shelter. I need to fight and breathe and give and take and prove myself. I need to survive. But I do not-I will not , need you." Defiance burned under my lids, as that mysterious spark seemed to brighten the green irises, the contrast so sharp that it made you wonder if you were looking at technicolor before. His hand wrapped around my wrist, barely skimming my skin. His thumb slid to my pulse, and I watched his pupils expand as he discovered the rapid fluttering. Sanity returned briefly, motivating me to tug myself free, but his grip secured itself and he narrowed his eyes in warning. "Cut!" In an instant, the string around my lungs loosened, and I stumbled back in relief. Patting my dress down to stop the tremors of my hand, I walked calmly over, avoiding Edward's unyielding stare. "Uh, that was...creatively adventurous," Ben labeled, his eyes rapidly bouncing between both of us. "I like the tension-that's definitely what we're trying to capture here, but let's stick to the script next time, alright guys?" Ben was an up and coming director who had been plucked from the music video world, and even though this was a small, indie movie that would probably be shown at a few hundred theaters, it was still his first "big" film project. His politeness, though well-intentioned, was also extremely annoying because it reeked of uncertainty and novice. He had no idea how to cultivate his actors to give him the performance he wanted, simply because he had no idea what kind of performance he wanted. Then again, what did I know? After all, I had been labeled a "box office curse" after my fourth film flopped. Nevertheless, we both nodded curtly. Ben cleared his throat authoritatively, pleased that his "directing" was going so well. "Let's take a break for five and then set up for the next scene. Bella-" He pinned his eyes on me, the corner of his lips tugged downward. "It will be a closed set, but you have to be ready," he explained. "Of course." I answered his implied question. "I can do this." My determination was lost on him, as he averted his eyes uncertainly-too polite to lie but too transparent to hide his doubt. "Ok," I inserted unncessarily, before nodding and walking back to my trailer. Once the door gingerly closed, I sunk down into the chair next to the mirror and fisted my hair tightly, wincing at the sting of my pulling. The trailer was much smaller than I was used to, but quite generous given how dimly my star now shined compared to a few years ago, when I played Trina Trammel, America's favorite quirky IT girl/high schooler. Solving cybercrime before Algebra, one tagline had bragged. Hacking her way through high school, another had proclaimed. Now, of course, the headlines were much uglier and less flattering. I can't exactly say I miss the days when magazine covers would speculate if I were pregnant or secretly married, but perhaps they'd be preferable to "Swan Reverts Back to Ugly Duckling" and "Bella Out-Why Hollywood Refuses to Cast Her". The migraine that had been lurking on the edges of my nerves finally broke through, and I shakily reached into my purse for the yellow prescription bottle. I considered popping two pills and forced them down, the slippery coating sliding down my throat like artificial bugs. "Shit," I mumbled, shoving them aside. I couldn't risk messing up the next scene. I looked up at my reflection and decided to re-apply some of my makeup instead, adding a fresh layer of powder to cover any traces of exertion from the previous rehearsals. I dabbed and brushed until my skin was smooth and blemish-free, practicing my reassuring, "million dollar smile" until it looked natural, and not psychotic. Slowly, my lips relaxed while I held onto the way my eyes crinkled and brightened with that dewy starlet sparkle, the pretty shiny coat of paint over a rusted, misshapen piece of scrap metal. A knock came on the door. "Bella-they're ready for you." I swallowed. Lights, camera- "ACTION!" I turned on the shower handle, the spray immediately hitting the glass. Carefully, I untied the sash around my middle, the anxiety causing my stomach to contract. Without thinking or looking back, I brushed the soft cotton of the robe off my shoulders, well aware that the camera would pick up every wrinkle, every freckle, and every imperfect wobble of my body. The water hit my chest first, slowly dampening the strands of my hair until I fully submerged myself, my head bowed directly under the spray. I clasped my hands under my chin as if in prayer, and kept my eyes closed. In this scene, my character discovered Masen had betrayed her on the same day she had lost out on a major role to much less qualified actress. She was to pout prettily while naked, the very definition of gratuitousness, and display her body at just the right angle to serve as fodder for masturbatory fantasies across the nation. Too fucking bad. Instead, I slowly wrapped my hands in my hair and tugged, reveling in the sting as the last pieces of preparation settled into place. My hands slid down my body, between my breasts, before I held them out in front of me, watching them visibly quake under the flourescent light. Then, as if a switch had been flipped, I curled my fingers into fists and banged on the tiles in front of me, yelling and crying out in hysterical frustration. Over and over, I continued to hit at the cool hardness, uncaring but not unfeeling. My fists would no doubt be bruised by the scene's end, but