Disclaimer: Harry Potter does not belong to me! If it did, I would be rich and famous, and sadly I am neither of those. Chapter 1: The Catalyst Everything went wrong during the quidditch match between Gryffindor and Hufflepuff in November 1993. You know the one I'm talking about. The game that was originally supposed to be against Slytherin, but due to Draco Malfoys "injury" the team couldn't play. Not that they'd want to, the weather was atrocious; wind, rain, and thunder showering everybody who dared venture outside. It was during this game that a swarm of dementors, who could sense the large group of positive emotions, attacked the students in their hunger. Of course, we all know what happened the last time Harry Potter got near dementors, except this time he fainted on top of his broom hundreds of feet in the air. He fell down, unconscious, but thanks to the quick spell work of Albus Dumbledore he survived the fall unharmed. However, he couldn't perform two spells at the same time, so he was at a loss when one of the dementors went right for Harry. It was then that the course of history changed forever, for before anyone could stop it, the dementor gave Harry the Kiss. Surprisingly, almost no one noticed it actually happening, for there was chaos in the stands as the other dementors attempted to do the same to the rest of the students. The professors and a few students who could perform the Patronus charm were busy chasing out the dementors around them. Because of that, only one being actually saw what happened as Harry Potters soul was sucked out of him, a large black grim that had been watching from the sidelines. What that being saw though, wasn't a cut and dry Kiss like the ones it's seen before. No, it was a tug of war because unlike most, Harry Potter had more than one soul in his body. Of course, the small proportion that belonged to someone else hadn't made a difference in Harry's personality, it was just there. However, when the dementor sucked out the bigger of the two souls in its hunger, it left that tiny sliver behind. The abnormal part was when the dementor noticed that it left something behind, but upon recognizing it as the soul of its ally, the dementor immediately left it alone. Now let's talk magic. The soul is an abstract object. It exists inside of you, but there is no place for it. While the brain is capable of holding memories, they are part of the soul instead. All skills, quirks, and born traits are also held within the soul. The most important fact to know, is that the soul is what's responsible for producing magic. That's why every single persons magical signature is different, because every soul is unique. This is also why, when the soul is forcibly removed from the body by a dementor or the Killing Curse, the body becomes what the muggles refer to as a vegetable. The body does not need a soul to survive, but one is not a person without it either. So when the dementor removed both Harry Potters soul and the one belonging to another, the body was just that: an empty body. But then the dementor allowed the soul of its ally to return to the body it came from, essentially resurrecting him. The problem was that Harry Potters body had had around 102% of a soul now only had less than 2%, and it didn't belong to it. The drastic change caused the body to go into shock, for it was trying to assimilate the new soul but couldn't. The brain had to physically rearrange itself to become like the mind of a Master Occlumens and Legilimens. The eyes changed color due to the toxicity of the dense magic now thrumming in its veins. These changes and many more were too much for the thirteen year old body, so the only resolution was to go into shock. Thankfully, by then most of the dementors had been driven out, and the professors were able to recognize that there was something seriously wrong with Harry Potter. Once Madam Pomfrey got a hold of him, she knew only some of what happened. She could tell that his body was going into shock, but since he still had a soul according to her spells, she had no idea what caused it. Nevertheless, she was able to stabilize his body and put him in a healing sleep before attending to the other children who experienced the worst of the attack, none in the same state as Harry Potter though. It was a week before the body woke up, but it wasn't Harry anymore. During that time, the body was allowed to change in a slower, safer rate. So when the small sliver of a soul regained consciousness a week later, it was immediately extremely confused. For that soul piece only had the memories of the person it belonged to, and nothing of what happened after Halloween of 1981. So when he woke up in the Hospital Wing at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in a body he didn't recognize, he forced himself to stay calm and analyze. It was dark, but he could still see so he looked around his bed, cursing his newly blurry sight. Finally he noticed that there was a wand on the nightstand, next to an old pair of circular glasses. He put them on and took the wand before immediately noticing that it was almost exactly like his own, but different somehow. Brushing aside that conclusion for now, having more pressing matters at the moment, he silently conjured a mirror. He was met with an angular face that had messy black hair, a lightning bolt scar on his forehead, and blood red eyes. He knew that the red eyes were definitely a characteristic exclusive to him, so he glamoured them. It was a slightly dark spell, that showed the viewer exactly what they expected to see, but it wasn't enough to alert the wards at Hogwarts as far as he knew, which was a lot. Finished with that, yet still having no idea whose body he was in, knowing without a doubt it wasn't his own in any way, he did another silent conjuration after vanishing the mirror, this time getting a standard set of robes. Based on the size of the male body he was in, thank Salazar it wasn't a female, the boy was obviously a student here. Hopefully, no one would find him sneaking around after curfew so he could find some information about his situation. He didn't know what year it was, how this had happened, or what occurred to his original body. Thankfully the library kept copies of newspaper publishings, so with all luck he would at least be able find out what happened to him and the events since then. He changed while using a lumos, and took note of how skinny and scarred his new body was. After, he cast another glamour on the bed and a notice-me-not charm on the curtains. So now, if the mediwitch or wizard on staff checked the bed in the middle of the night, they would only see his sleeping form and leave him alone. And that was if they even got passed the charm on the curtains. It wouldn't last long, but it was enough for him to get away unnoticed until he gained his bearings. He was able to sneak out and navigate the halls with ease despite it being dark and him having not been in the school for multiple decades, he entered the library. He was not surprised to see the librarians chair empty, or the placard with the name Madam Pince on it. He realized that it hadn't been *that* long since he was a student, so he shouldn't be surprised if there was quite a few familiar faces. Once he arrived at the newspaper section and his wand lit with another lumos, he searched for the year 1981, and was shocked to see more than a decade of papers after that year. Reaching the October editions, his brain stopped working upon reading the headline bearing, "YOU-KNOW-WHO DEFEATED! MIRACLE CHILD SURVIVED THE KILLING CURSE!" With his breath held, he started reading the article in the dim light. "With only a pair of robes left behind on top a large burn mark in the Potter home, You-Know-Who's death has been confirmed! According to officials baffled by this shocking event, they theorized that on Halloween night, The Dark Lord personally attacked and killed the Potter family heads only to meet his defeat at the hands of a toddler! You heard me right dear readers, the most terrible Dark Lord in history was defeated by his own rebounded Killing Curse! No one knows how, but one year old Harry Potter deflected the unblockable with only a lightning bolt shaped scar left behind on his forehead! As news spread across the nation, witches and wizards everywhere celebrated this historic event so fervently that a few risked endangering the Statute of Secrecy! Thankfully the Aurors were able to take care of any necessary Obliviations before panic could spread among the muggles, and the ones responsible for the chaos were arrested for violating the Statute. But they were soon released with a warning due to the extenuating circumstances concerning why they performed magic in the first place." He stopped reading there before moving on. A day later there was another one: "TRAGEDY IN THE LONGBOTTOM FAMILY! FRANK AND ALICE LONGBOTTOM TORTURED TO INSANITY! DEATH EATER BELLATRIX LESTRANGE ADMITS TO CRIME ALONGSIDE HUSBAND AND BROTHER! SENTENCED TO LIFE IN AZKABAN!" "One day after the historic defeat of You-Know-Who by miracle child Harry Potter, there has been another attack on a prominent family: the Longbottoms. Bellatrix, Rodulphus, and Rabastan Lestrange entered the large Manor and proceeded to torture Alice and Frank Longbottom into insanity using the Unforgivable Cruciatus Curse. Their only son, Neville was visiting his grandmother Augusta at the time, who is he is staying with from now on and now the Head of the family and Lady Longbottom. Without their sanity, Neville's parents have been moved to the Janus Thickey Ward in St. Mungo's Infirmary for Maladies and Injuries indefinitely. Thankfully, it seems that one of them had alerted the Aurors of an invasion of the wards surrounding Longbottom Manor minutes before the attack, so they were able to apprehend the criminals while at the scene. The three Lestranges were captured and have been sentenced to life in Azkaban. The most telling thing was that Bellatrix Lestrange had confessed to torturing the Longbottoms in the name of You-Know-Who. 'They know! They know what happened to [You-Know-Who]! The mark has disappeared and I know they had something to do with it!' She told Aurors. For months the exact working of the Dark Mark has been unknown, but it seems that it has disappeared completely! Will this affect identification of other Death Eaters? Is this proof that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is really dead? This journalist thinks yes, so when celebrating this revelation make sure to thank Harry Potter for saving the Wizarding World from the Dark Lord!" Starting to get greatly annoyed by whoever was writing these articles, he moved on. The next major shock was the headline only two days later, "SIRIUS BLACK IMPRISONED FOR BETRAYING POTTERS TO YOU-KNOW-WHO! 12 MUGGLES AND ONE WIZARD IN HIS ESCAPE! SENTENCED TO LIFE IN AZKABAN!" "A few days ago, the Wizarding World received the shock of a lifetime when He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named met his end at the hands of the magical miracle and newly dubbed "Boy-Who-Lived" Harry Potter. This great accomplishment at the age of one was tainted by the deaths of his parents, James and Lily Potter, who died protecting him. What does this have to do with the newly imprisoned Sirius Black you ask? Everything.