Summary: Rose wakes up in a strange flat with no memory of the night before, but extremely sore muscles. What exactly did she get up to the night before? Disclaimer: I own no recognizable content. That One Crazy Night One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor ~George Carlin Warm sunlight trickled through the open blinds. The rays landed across her face and she stirred at the light. She rolled over so the rays of the sun landed on her left ear and warmed her face. Then she slowly stretched out her muscles. However, she found them stiffer than she had mornings previously and some even radiated a numb pain after she moved them. She began to search her mind for an explanation for the soreness, but found most of the events and happenings of the previous night clouded. She remembered leaving work and meeting up with family and friends at the Sleazy Kneazle to ring in the New Year. However, after that, things became much more fuzzy. There were drinks, a lot of them. There were cheers and laughter. She most certainly enjoyed herself. Perhaps her sore muscles were from some dancing she didn't remember. She'd done some fairly questionable things in the past while under the influence of alcohol. Deciding some hangover potion would be beneficial to her memory recall, Rose Weasley opened her eyes and moved to get out of bed. Instantly, she regretted it. Her muscles protested the movement most strongly and her head quickly joined in as a pounding headache erupted as a result of the moment and the bright light from the sun. She flopped back down on the bed. Moving was apparently not an option. It was a good thing Rose kept a store of hangover potion in her medicine cabinet, within reach of an accio charm. She slowly and carefully rolled over, trying to move as little as possible so as to cause as little pain as possible. She always kept her wand on her bedside table when she slept so it was nearby. It had become such a habit that Rose would do it no matter what state she was in. Rose finished her roll and froze. That was not her bedside table. Rose sat wedged in a booth at the new 'it' magical pub in London. Hidden down a back alley, the Sleazy Kneazle offered both magical and non-magical food and drinks, a popular option in the very accepting climate. That night, New Year's Eve, it was packed with joyful partygoers. As a result, Rose and her cousins were squished into a single booth. Occasionally, one of her cousins would leave to get another drink, visit with someone else, dance on the small and overcrowded dance floor, or various other reasons. However, at that moment, there were eight bodies in a booth made for six. Finally, the claustrophobia became too much; Rose had to get out of the booth and get some fresh air. However, she was right in the middle with three people on her right and four on her left. She'd have to disturb a lot of her family to get out, so she'd need a good excuse. "Next round's on me," she spoke up, quickly getting everyone's attention. The family members had been taking turns buying rounds of drinks for everyone, but as Rose was a healer-in-training and not making much, she'd been holding off until later in the night. If she waited long enough, she may not need to buy everyone a drink, or they'd all be so drunk that she could get away with buying the cheap stuff. However, her claustrophobia had outweighed her miserliness and she'd offered her round. "What does everyone want?" Rose asked as her family shuffled out of the booth to let her through. "Double firewhiskey," Albus, who was squeezed in beside her, requested. James asked for the same, while Lucy and Roxanne both requested a muggle vodka martini. Fred asked for some over-complicated fruity drink that he had to repeat four times before Rose could remember it all. Finally, Molly, who had agreed to be the designated apparator and ensure everyone got home safely, ordered a coffee with two sugars. Rose carefully made her way across the crowded bar area of the Sleazy Kneazle. Her plan was to place the order, direct the waitress to the table, and then slip out to the back into the alley for some air. But before she could slip out to the alley, she had to make her way through the sea of humanity that was currently in the fairly small pub. "Rose?" a voice asked from the crowd. It took her a while to locate the answer, but when she did, a smile broke out across her face. "Long time, no see!" A quick inspection of the room revealed that nothing in the room was hers. Not the bed, not the dresser, not the elegant off-white walls. This was not her room. And she had absolutely no idea whose room it was. She couldn't remember what had happened the night before, let alone whom she'd left with. The room itself wasn't helping with her recollection. It was annoyingly non-descript and void of personality. It looked exactly like the model bedroom in a housekeeping magazine; like someone had walked into the store with the magazine and just bought all the furniture without even thinking about personal taste. On top of the personality-less room, there wasn't a single personal picture in the room. There was tasteful art on the walls, but no pictures of recognizable people. Rose swore under her breath, her frustration mounting as a result of her pounding headache. Deciding that, before she did anything else, she needed to deal with her head. The pain was definitely hindering her mental abilities, and she couldn't think clearly. After a few minutes, she was able to coax her sore muscles out of bed and into a standing position. She then carefully began picking her way through the bedroom in search of the bathroom. That, for Rose, was the most logical place to keep an illness remedy. There were three possible doorways in the bedroom: the closet, the bathroom, and the hallway towards the rest of the flat. The closet doors were folding, so Rose immediately ruled those out. however, there weren't really any distinguishing features between the two doors, nothing that made it clear which was the bathroom and which was the hallway. She'd have to take an educated guess and hope for the best. Doing some quick estimating of the layout of the flat, Rose carefully made her way to the farthest door, believing it to be the bathroom. When she reached it, she pressed her ear to the door, trying to se if she could hear anyone moving around within it. Because of the unfamiliarity of the place, Rose didn't want to just barge in on a possible stranger while they were in the bathroom. When she heard nothing, she turned the doorknob and gingerly opened the door. She'd guessed correctly and found the bathroom empty. Like the bedroom, it was kept extremely neat. Shower products were carefully arranged on a shower caddy. Linens were housed in a small, yet elegant linen cabinet. The sink was devoid of all toiletries save a single glass with a simple green toothbrush contained within it. Once again, devoid of personality. Though something, and Rose couldn't put her finger on what, felt vaguely familiar about the rooms. However, the pounding in Rose's head didn't allow her to puzzle over it. The pounding brought her back to the task at hand. She turned to the small medicine cabinet on the wall beside the sink. The contents within, a razor and shaving gel, made it clear to Rose that a male lived here and he didn't share the room with a girlfriend. That dissuaded some of Rose's guilt; she wasn't a home wreaker, at the very least. Finally, Rose located a small vial filled with hangover potion. She greedily downed it and, as soon as the liquid passed down her throat, her headache was gone and her body no longer ached. Now, with one problem solved, Rose turned her mind to the much bigger one. Where the hell was she and what the hell had happened the night before? "Rose?" a voice called from the crowd. There were literally people everywhere, pushing in on her, so she couldn't locate the source at first. Because it was New Years Eve, the normally busy pub was packed to the rafters, as they say. Rose quickly began to swivel her head around, trying to spot a familiar face in the crowd, one who could have called out her name. A hand clamped gently on her right arm, and Rose's head quickly snapped in that direction. When the hand initially made contact with her arm, Rose's body tensed, believing and expecting the worst. However, when she saw the person who had touched her, her body relaxed. "Long time, no see!" Scorpius Malfoy spoke, a brilliant, almost perfect smile crossed his face. Rose found it endearing that his smile wasn't perfect; a Quidditch accident had resulted in a small chip in one of his front teeth. Rose had always equated his imperfect smile to be like a metaphor for the man himself. At a glance, he seemed like the epitome of perfection: good looking, wealthy, whip smart, an excellent Quidditch player, and extremely kind to everybody. However, if you looked closer you would see the chip, see the weight of his family name and the legacy that went with it. See the times he'd failed to perform a spell. See the times he hadn't caught the Snitch. See the times he'd miss-answered a question. See the times he'd gotten angry with someone and physically fought them. "Scor!" Rose exclaimed, smiling just as wide, if a little less brilliantly, "it has been months! What have you been up to?" Rose and Scorpius had been in the same group of friends at Hogwarts, bonded by their relationship with Albus, Rose's cousin and Scorpius' best friend. However, since leaving Hogwarts, the two had few reasons to remain in contact and, as a result, had drifted apart. The last time Rose had seen Scorpius was a few months before in late October at a silly Halloween get together Albus had hosted. "I've been busy. Auror training and all that. The auror office has implemented a new program in which more senior aurors-in-training run the newer recruits through basic drills. Well, James is our trainer and he is quite the drill instructor. He's got us running some crazy drills and doing them an insane amount of time. Some days, I'm so exhausted by the time I get home that I just collapse into bed. This is the first time in weeks that I've got time off and have the energy to leave me flat. How about you? How is your healer training going?" As Scorpius had spoken, he and Rose had moved out of the crowd and headed towards the bar. Rose took advantage of the brief pause in conversation to order her cousins' drinks and direct a waitress to the table where her cousins were sitting. She and Scorpius then ordered their own drinks and remained seated at the bar. Talking to Scorpius at the much less crowded bar, while not fresh night air, was better than being squeezed in a booth with too many people. Having done her duty, Rose turned back to Scorpius and prepared to answer his question, to fill him in on her life up to that point. With her head clearer, Rose left the bathroom and headed back into the bedroom. She needed information, clues, about who lived in the flat. There was nothing helping her in the bathroom, no prescription potions with names, or cologne with a scent that Rose recognized. In fact, all of the cologne bottles were barely used, like the