I don't own Harry Potter. The problem with being a magnet for bad luck, Harry decided, was that the power to attract it rarely diminished with time. Of course, in most people, this seemed to be quite innocent. Neville's clumsiness meant that he wasn't allowed anywhere near the potions section of the castle, and Dean had completely given up on trying to teach Seamus to cook. Harry, however, was the Boy-Who-Lived-Twice, which meant his childhood bad luck included a genocidal maniac trying to kill him. If things went true to form, his afternoon would start off with a nice continental war, dinner would consist of a Goblin Uprising, and supper would finish with a plague of Dragonpox. If he was lucky, there might even be time for a game of quidditch with a cursed snitch. When he mentioned this to Hermione, she smacked him on the back of the head and straightened his tie. 'It's only one of Slughorn's Parties. Even you can't find something to kill you there.' Ron made a cheerfully unsure noise, putting his feet up on the couch. Somehow, he'd managed to get out of this particular event, the git. 'I dunno, 'Mione. I mean, I drank poisoned mead with him once.' Harry brightened. 'See-' 'Harry. No one is going to try and poison your wine, you're not going anywhere on a broom, and it's already 8PM! You don't need to worry that something's going to happen.' 'If it's 8PM, there's still time for a Dragon Pox epidemic.' She gave him a Look and Harry grinned, pushing his glasses up his nose. 'It's true.' 'Get in the Floo, Harry James,' she threatened, a grin threatening to make its way onto her face. 'Or I'll not rescue you at the next ministry function when the reporters start circling you like sharks.' He offered her an arm with an offended sound, bringing his hand to his chest in mock affront. 'When did you become such a Slytherin, Hermione?' She grinned, planting a kiss on Ron's cheek before throwing a handful of powder into the Floo. 'Since I had to share my office with Nott. I swear he's completely off his rocker, but he's sneaky about it. See you later, Ron.' 'See ya, Hermione.' Harry stared at the fire as they made eyes at each other, trying to ignore the knife twisting in his stomach. His relationship with Ginny had tanked about six months ago, and whilst he was glad she and Krum were getting on, it still hurt a little to remember that he was single. 'Professor Slughorn's Office, Hogwart's Castle,' Hermione said, taking his arm when the flames went green. They stepped into the fire together, Harry keeping his mouth firmly shut, and then stepped out into the refined chaos of a Slug party. Their arrival was heralded by a chime, and Harry groaned internally as Professor Slughorn's head snapped towards them like a meerkat, plastering a cheerful grin on his face as the Slytherin Head of house made his way towards them. 'Harry, m'boy! And Hermione Granger, goodness you've grown. Come in, come in, can I interest you in any mead today?' Harry muffled a snort in his collar as Hermione's smile took on a pained edge, taking his proffered hand and shaking it. 'Ah, no thank you, not tonight, Professor Slughorn.' 'Ah, call me Horace! Where's your fiancé today; I hear Mr Weasley is quite the entrepreneur these days?' 'Ron's looking after his niece, but he sends his regards, Horace,' she said. 'But of course, I couldn't let you down when so many young people wanted to talk to me, could I?' Harry saw the politician's smile come into play on her face and beamed internally, trying to ignore the stares of some of the students. If she was going to engage him in conversation, he could easily slip away, find Neville, and spend the night drinking scotch in the greenhouses instead. He cast an innocent eye around for the tell-tale knitwear, loosening his grip on Hermione… 'Oh, quite! You're the rising star in magical creature rights! Mr. Abercrombie, wouldn't you like to meet Miss Granger? He's head boy, you know, mother's a potioneer… Now, Harry!' Harry froze, eyes connecting with an oblivious Neville's back in a silent plea before turning back to the potions master as Hermione started chatting to the Gryffindor. 'Hello, Sir.' 'Horace, my boy, Horace. How's life as the twice saviour of the wizarding world? Why, I hear you're up for promotion at the Auror office?' Harry felt his face begin to heat up as faces around the room turned towards him. Even at 23, he'd never quite got used to the stares. 'Er, it's good, thank you. They offered me control of the North Eastern England department, but I'm not sure if I'll-' 'Oh, that's run by Harris currently, isn't it? Yes, Charles Harris, he was a student of the Slug club, he'll definitely take you under his wing,' Slughorn continued, flinging his arm around Harry's shoulders. Harry winced at the contact, stretching his smile further. Goddammit, Neville, turn around. 'That would be fantastic, but-' 'Harry!' Maybe good luck had come looking for him after all. The broad frame of his blonde classmate made its way towards them with unconscious authority, the students parting to let him through. For someone currently wearing a knitted reindeer jumper and what looked suspiciously like slippers underneath the school robes, it was impressive. 'Nev!' Harry said enthusiastically, grabbing his hand and giving him the 'Please-Get-Me Out-Of-Here' expression. 'How are you?' 'Great, thanks, the fanged daisies are getting on fantastically,' Neville replied, taking a beaming Slughorn's hand. 'Sorry to interrupt, but do you think I could borrow Harry for a bit? One of my students wants to be an auror.' 'Oh, quite right!' the potions Master said, raising his glass and turning back to Harry. His voice became mock conspiratorial, meaning it was loud enough for half of the dungeons to hear. 'Professor Longbottom has become quite the eye for talent! When I retire, why, he might even take over the Slug Club.' 'It would be an honour. Now, may I…?' They walked away from Slughorn with his blusters of 'Of course' ringing in the background, finding the darkest corner of the room, then sitting down at a table with a soft sigh. Harry immediately went to work on disillusionment charms, whilst Neville eyed the tank beside him. 'So, head of the Slug Club, Nev?' Harry teased when he was done, taking a goblet of butterbeer. Neville groaned, sinking down into his chair. 'Honestly, Harry, if he gives it to me, I'm going to be a traditional gardener and immediately drown the thing in so much alcohol that they ban it outright.' They held each other's gaze for a few seconds, then dissolved into laughter. Harry wiped his eye and beamed, taking Neville's hand and smacking him on the back. 'You're a guardian centaur, Nev. How's teaching?' 'It's interesting,' he said, pulling over one of the treacle tarts the table had helpfully provided. 'Haven't knocked anything over, though, which is helpful. How's the auror office?' Harry pulled a face, running his hand through untameable black hair. 'They want to send me to Newcastle to take over a division. More desk work, less on the job.' 'The horror,' Neville said sympathetically. 'Have you thought about applying for the Defence Against the Dark Arts position?' The pulled face suddenly became so pulled that it followed annoyance out of the club, stopping only to take its heels off on the way. 'Still can't fill it?' 'Nope. Bill says the curse is broken as far as it can be, but most Professors get an urgent, er, urge to leave after a year. No deaths or illness, though.' 'Shame. And I'd do it, but… the wards.' This time Neville grinned, coughing to cover another laughing fit. The Hogwarts wards were, Harry thought, the most ridiculous things on the planet. During his time at school, they'd happily let Tom Riddle ride around on the back of someone's head, ignored a basilisk, missed a disguised death eater, let the literal devil in pink in, let completely undisguised death eaters in, and then allowed the fully resurrected Lord Voldemort to take it over. After the battle of Hogwarts, however, the wards had decided that they didn't like this Harry James Potter who came and caused destruction. The experts theorised that coming back from the dead altered his magical signature to be so dark they registered him as a creature so wouldn't control things properly for him. Harry knew better. The stones had never quite forgiven him for blasting bits of them to pieces and made their revenge known by wildly jerking the staircases and making gargoyles follow him around the place. Hilarious for everyone else, of course, but bloody annoying for him. 'Well, maybe exposure therapy would work…' Neville eventually got out. 'Like how Hermione got over her fear of rule breaking by breaking Gringotts to pieces.' 'The goblins still haven't forgiven us,' Harry said sadly. 'We have to... wait, is that a snake?' In the tank beside them, a triangular head poked out of a rock formation, regarding them with big eyes. Neville rubbed the back of his head and nodded. 'More exposure therapy. The students remember Nagini slithering through the halls and Horace thought having harmless ones around the kids might help. They use too many in potions and transfiguration to flinch every time someone says the world.' Harry nodded absently. 'Sorry to bring that back, Nev.' 'It's not a worry, Harry,' he said, another smile crawling over his face. 'It got me Hannah, didn't it? Don't tell anyone, but we're expecting. Beginning of September.' Green eyes went wide, and Harry sat up quickly. 'What? Nev, that's- wow. A dad.' His classmate laughed and smiled, going red. 'Yeah. Just keep it secret. I just wanted to tell you because, well… You're good with Teddy. Would you be Godfather?' Harry gaped. Another Godchild? 'Of course, but are you sure? I tend to almost get myself killed on a fairly regular basis. Merlin, I did once.' 'Almost is the operative word, I think,' Neville said, eyes scanning the students. There was a knot in one corner playing what looked suspiciously like ring of fire, and one of the younger ones was going green. 'Besides, with your bad luck magnet he'll be the luckiest child in a five-mile radius. I'll see you in a few minutes, I think Galloway is about to-' The boy heaved and Neville hurried over, Harry catching the plate he knocked in his haste. Around the boy, his classmates took a look at the oncoming professor and scattered, only a Hufflepuff staying behind to hold him up as he vomited over his Herbology Professor's shoes. Harry chuckled softly to himself and picked up the goblet, tipping it towards the snake in the tank. He wasn't sure what it was, but it looked a little bit like the boa constrictor he'd once had a chat with in the zoo. 'I used to be able to talk to snakes, y'know,' he told it conversationally. 'Didn't realise until I was twelve. Funny thing is, I set a boa constrictor on my cousin when I was ten. I was a bit of a thick child, looking back on it. Most of the time, snakes don't talk back.' The reptile stuck out its tongue at him, making a displeased sound as Neville dragged a few of the other ring of fire players over and told them to get their housemate back to the tower rather than leaving it to a poor badger. 'I know, kids have no respect these days. When I was that age, I'd never dare get drunk in front of adults. Then again, I'd also broken a rule to get on the quidditch team by the time I'd been here a month, so maybe I'm not the best role model either…' It