1. "so much for my happy ending right?" that was what I thought as I signed the divorce papers. In fact, that has been on my mind ever since Jasper came home telling me he met someone else, Alice he called her. There was so much I wanted to say; 'let's talk this over', 'we've been married for a year', and 'did I do something?' I did however settle for "is this what you really want?" I looked at my hands which held the paper Jasper had just handed to me with no warning of any kind. I looked up again to face him as he nodded. "Okay" I whispered taking a pen that lay on the kitchen counter and signing the documents. As a lawyer, I read everything before actually signing. The reason why I was giving him everything he was asking for was because, he wasn't asking for much and I wasn't going to fight this, I practice family law, I knew how long these things took. I was able to make the process go a little faster because of my connections in high places. Truth is, I don't know why I was so calm about it, I had every right to kick and scream and punch and stomp. I actually thought Jasper and I could be happy together. Jasper was virtually close to everything I dreamed off, there was only one other who I could say was better than him, I never spoke of him. "It was a mutual agreement" Jasper told every one of his dumb friends Everybody knew, everyone knew I adored him, I loved him enough that I can't shake the pain. It actually got harder every day when I thought of him. I loved him enough to want his happiness. Everyone knew, but no one knew how to ease the hurt. My phone rang startling me. My fingers moved frantically searching for it in the dark space. It was my mom "Momma?" I answered "How Ya?" "It hurts" I replied "it hurts momma" "Come home darling" she pleaded. That was Momma's answer to everything, come home. But I had to admit, home sounded good right about now. Or maybe it was just my mother's soft voice that lulled me "I got ya tickets" "Okay momma" I replied without an argument. I could argue that I had a career, but I was licensed to practice in three states and one of them was my hometown. The other two was Washington and Montana. I mean it was a bit tricky to handle, but I was doing it. "Bring a company" she requested "I gotcha two tickets. Tomorrow morning, the plane will leave" "Sure momma and thank you" I said. I got up from my bed which was one of the few things I unpacked since last week when the divorce was final and I moved into an apartment. I went into the bathroom to freshen up some to see Emmett. I got presentable in record time, even putting a bit of make up before going out the door. I walked into Storm's abrewing. It was a quaint café that Emmett's momma owned; Emmett brings his work here sometimes. My eyes roamed about the place looking for Emmett but spotting the back of a familiar head. Jasper. He was here with a girl it looked like a date. She was short, with dark hair and grey eyes that were now looking at me guiltily. Ah, she must be Alice. I briefly studied the girl that had stolen Jasper. Then I realized Jasper was now looking at me. I shrugged then turned around, flipping my hair in the process. I spotted Emmett next to the bakery display case. "Bee!" his booming voice greeted as I tapped his shoulder. His voice carried throughout the entire place. I waved to Mrs. McCarthy behind the counter before Emmett grabbed me into a hug. I laughed at his sheer exuberance. I took the sit in front of him which provided me with a view of Jasper and Alice who were still looking at me. Sariah, Mrs. McCarthy, quickly cut off their view as she placed a slice of key lime pie in front of me. Unfortunately, I knew my money was no good here so I gave her the next best thing, a hug. "Thanks Sara" I whispered but she waved me off saying something about family. "What brings you here?" Emmett asked pulling the lid of his laptop down giving me his full attention. I bit my lips and wondered how to ask him. Emmett and I met about seven months ago, two months after this whole mess with Jasper started, we'd become close but what I was about to ask him was about to test just how much. "I've got two tickets to go home" I stated slicing my pie with my fork "and uh, I'd like some company, scratch that I'd like your company and I'm kind of leaving tomorrow so whad'ya say?" Emmett frowned in concentration making my heart race in preparation to be rejected. I took a bite of the pie as I waited. Emmett was really what I needed. He was damn cheerful twenty-four seven. I needed cheerful right now. "I thought you were from Washington?" Emmett said. I shook my head taking another bit of the delicious pie, it was almost as good as Momma's. I shook my head "Baton Rouge" "Louisiana?" he exclaimed surprised. I flinched at the sound, then filled my mouth with another bite of pie. I stole Emmett's coffee so I could have a sip. "you don't strike me as a country girl" Emmett noted "Please?" I begged. My two hands holding Emmett big ole mug to my mouth. "Alright" "Really? What about work?" I questioned dropping his mug beside pie "I dint even get to bribe you with mountain and rivers and sights that'll give you the good kind of shivers" "I am a teleraidiologist" he gestured around proving his point. "I can work anywhere" I squealed then reached carefully over a table to hug him and he laughed putting his arms around me. I stayed long enough to discuss details of our trip. I apologized to Sariah for taking her son away even if it was just for two months. She reminded me she had three other who were happily married and close and if I could find Emmett a girl. I laughed. I gave her the number to the house at home in case she can't reach our cellphones. 2. The difference between the Seattle air and New Orleans was quite noticeable as we landed. I took a deep breath embracing it. Emmett's loud self-came down with a few suitcases. "Wow" Emmett said hitting my back "Right?" I asked him with a smile. "Iz" I heard a velvety voice say. I froze. I froze because I remembered who that voice belonged to, because that voice has hunted me since I left for Washington. Remember that man I said was better than Jasper? Well that voice? Yeah it belonged to him. First crush, first love, first everything and sadly first heartbreak. "Ed" I said turning with a pleasant smile that betrayed my inner turmoil. "All gussied up too" Edward smirked. It was an old habit of his; I guess he never got rid of it. I colored then turned to Emmett "Em, this is Edward. Ed, this is Emmett." "Nice ta meet cha" Edward said to Emmett extending his hand which Emmett took "Likewise" "I reckon my mama sent you?" I asked Edward as he helped Emmett with the suitcases and we walked to Edward's red pickup truck. another thing he hadn't gotten rid of. "Yea, she's been happier than a puppy with two peckers, even Rosie" Edward informed me. I smiled at that bit of information. I missed them too. "Why are you being so quiet Em?" I asked looking at him "It's like I've never heard you speak" he said in awe "I don't even know you anymore" "Don't be silly, as for the accent I worked hard to get rid of it, no one takes me seriously if I go all southern in court. But when I am back home on the other hand…" I said to him without the accent "Fine, I still have to get used to it though" he said "I can't believe you never told me you were from the south" "hop in, we have about an hour and a half on the road" I said to him taking the front seat reluctantly took a deep breath as the memories momentarily overwhelm me. Emmett's door closing snapped me out of it. "Mama didn't tell me you were back home?" I questioned Ed whose was arching his eyebrow at me. "I aint back home. Rosie and I stay in New Orleans" he said. I wrinkled my nose in confusion still ignoring what he said about his sister. "I'm a general contractor" Edward explained reading me perfectly "I work 'ere at New Orleans but I go home every now and again 'specially on the weekends" I nodded we all fell into silence. I sneaked glances at Edward every now and then, he had done a lot of growing since I last saw him. He had stubble, his hair was a few shades darker, and he was more muscular. A buzzing interrupted my silent ogling. I looked at Emmett because it was coming from his pants. "Wanna get that?" I asked "what?" he responded and as if answering his phone started ringing to a tune foreign to me. Edward lowered the music which was coming from the stereo. I stared ahead barely listening to Emmett's conversation in the back ground. My attention returning to him fully when I heard him volunteer me for legal advice. Though the words I heard were 'hotshot lawyer' and it would have been vain of me to assume but the pleading looks he was sending me told me I was right "Vacation" I said when I saw Emmett press the end button "Technically yes, but, Bella it looks like repeated domestic abuse" he said "there is a child involved in this mess, she's six" I narrowed my eyes at him for pulling the little child card with me. I had a soft spot for kids…sue me. I went the most reasonable route I could think of. "I am a family lawyer Em, have her speak to the victim's unit. I'm sure Maggie will take her case if I call in a favor" I wasn't saying this to be mean "she's very competent and her rates aren't as crazy as mine." He nodded in agreement "thanks Swan" I turned around facing the glass window trying to block my Edward's side glances at me. 3. I didn't come down from the car immediately we arrived. I just stared at my mom who was waiting at the porch sitting on the swing chair that stayed there. The light reflected of her eyes giving it a sparkle that added to her beauty. I smiled at her. She already had her arms out and wide open. I ran into them "Momma" I said as she stroked my back "Sweet girl" she cooed before pulling away to look me over her lips tightened in disapproval "way too skinny" I rolled my eyes and gestured behind me "I'm fine Momma. This 'ere s Emmett McCarthy. Friend of mine and company ya asked to bring" Emmett took my mom by surprise as he pulled her into a hug even twirling her a bit. "Put her down" I scolded Emmett with a chuckle. Momma's surprised face still making me laugh "Hello Mrs. Swan, I'm Bella's best friend in the whole wide world" Emmett said with a cheeky grin after putting my mother down on her feet. And like the southern woman she was she looked at him with a composed calm. "you don' say?" Momma said to Emmett