Title: Elvellon and Mílellon Author: Lady Jet Author's E-Mail: lady. Legolas/Gimli Rating: PG-13 Summery: Based on the Plot Bunny by rainydayman "I am looking for a story in which Gimli is turned into a beautiful elf (like-rivaling-Galadriel-beautiful), much to his horror, as he travels to Mirkwood to visit Legolas. Legolas is drawn to him right from the start and unabashedly tries to court him (hence chases after the poor soul with elvish persistence). Gimli, while residing with the elves, refuses to tell them who he really is out of embarrassment and has to make up a story accounting for why they have never heard of him. He also has to acclimate himself to elvish customs, trying not to give himself away while sometimes slipping accidentally into his own native customs. Any embarrassing situations arising from that would be appreciated. By the end Gimli is turned back to his original form, but Legolas' affections still remain true." Disclaimer: I own only Nethalas and Adatel. Legolas and Gimli and even this idea are owned by Tolkien and rainydayman respectively. Chapter one: Distorted Mirror "Why are you going to see that damned elf, Gimli?" Gloín looked at his son as he packed his things. Gimli rolled his eyes and sighed deeply. "He's not a damned elf, father, he's my friend. Besides," Gimli hefted his heavy pack onto his back and turned to his father; an axe at his side in case of trouble on the road. "Legolas wishes my company for a few days. I'll probably be back before the end of the month." Gloín glared at his son and sighed. "Very well, if that's what you wish. I'd rather you didn't become friends with that Thranduil's son. You're a dwarf, not some elf's friend." Gimli glared a bit at his father. "That title was given to me, Father, frankly I no longer see a reason to hate Thranduil and his family any longer. Now, I'd best be going, I'll see you in a few weeks." With that Gimli left the constant racket of the Lonely Mountain mines and homes, and eagerly headed for the dark forest of the Mirkwood elves. Gimli walked along the path quietly, enjoying leaving the bustling and growing dwarfish city under the mountain and heading for the peace of the elves. Looking back to the first time he saw Legolas and his brothers riding towards Rivendell, he could have never imagined that he would become such close friends with the fair elf. He laughed quietly to himself and shook his head. It was during the fellowship's trek through Moria that Gimli had taken notice of Legolas and began their friendship. He still remembered the slight sting on his chin from Legolas saving his life while fleeing from the orcs. Gimli stroked his beard in thought and then froze looking around, his ears, though not as sensitive as an elf's, picking up a faint voice. "Who's there!" he called out, his hand on his axe. It was still known that dangers lay in wait on roads even in the days after the successful defeat of the Dark Lord. The voice continued raising in power. Gimli spun around and tried to keep his wits about him; yet as the voice continued he felt strange and faint. Finally Gimli passed out in the outskirts of Mirkwood. "Oh...what was in that ale last night?" Gimli groaned and slowly sat up. He winched and rubbed his head, hoping the pain would soon pass. Gimli shook his head and blinked, feeling his hair gently brush his chin, which was odd because he could never feel hair on his chin except for his beard. He quickly flung his hand up to his chin, feeling the clean smooth surface. Odd for two reasons, even if shaved a dwarf's chin would not be smooth but stubbled and even his hands felt smooth. Perplexed Gimli looked down at his hands, finding them slender and without the scars that had been their since childhood. He felt his heart race and he looked at his clothing. His breaches and boots were replaced by leggings and high boots of elvish make, similar to that of Legolas' during the Fellowship. "What in the name of the Valar is going on?" Gimli stood up and suddenly found himself in a different perspective of the world. He was taller, MUCH taller; the height of any man or elf in fact. He spun around in horror looking at his shirt, of similar make to the riding clothes Legolas had worn, and seeing his chestnut red hair long and wavy, no longer in the ties of a braid or ponytail as it normally was. As he reached for his axe at his side, he thanked the Valar it was still there, he saw a stream one hundred yards away. With elvish eyes as well as ears he heard voices, or more like whispers and songs from the trees and air, in languages that he could not understand. His eyes were able to pick out rocks, movement of the grass and details of even a running deer for hundreds of yards. Grabbing his pack he ran for the stream hoping to wake himself from the horror. He quickly went to his knees and looked into the clear reflective waters. "No, Valar no!" His reflection was not of a dwarf, but of a handsome, even beautiful, elf. His rich chestnut hair without tangle or snarl, his brown eyes were now gray and full of the fear he felt. His face and skin were fair with only a slight color to them; and his once muscular arms and chest were all but gone. Taking his hands into the water he splashed his face hoping to wake up, but the distorted reflection was the same. He leaned back onto his heals and covered his face trying to make sense of the chaos. "Post!" The call of the party of elves startled Gimli out of his thoughts. He looked up and swallowed. At least ten elves on horseback were coming his way, and had already seen him. He stood up, knowing too well that running would give him arrows in the back; their arrows cocked in the bows ready to fire. "Eneth lín?" The leader of the group said to Gimli. He was fair, with elvish gray eyes and fair strawberry blond hair similar to that of Legolas'. Gimli could only guess they were from Mirkwood, their clothing and overall presence assured him that. As for what they wanted to know, Gimli didn't understand a word. After several minuets of silence the head elf spoke up again. "Eneth lín?" His voice was becoming stern and losing patience. "Your name?" he said after another long silence. Gimli swallowed, he could not tell them his real name, his pride and fear of embarrassment wouldn't allow it. "I am Coeiond," Gimli quickly spout off. The riders looked at him curiously as he was still holding his axe and his pack was at his side. Gimli hoped he had pronounced it correctly; Legolas had only taught him that one word of Elvish, 'son of the earth' and figured it was as good of an elvish name as he could come up with. "Coeiond is it? I have never heard of you. What is your business here in Mirkwood?" Gimli swallowed and thought quickly. "I'm from an eastern tribe, not many have heard of us. News has come that one of the Mirkwood princes helped destroy the One Ring of Sauron. I was sent to give our good wishes and congratulations to him," Gimli said quickly; he was always the best story teller as a child and he was grateful he hadn't lost that talent. "It seems my brother's tale has reached every corner of Middle Earth," the lead elf said with a proud smile. "You are his brother?" Gimli asked, now seeing the resemblances between the two. "Yes, his oldest brother, I am Adatel; this is Nethalas the second oldest son of King Thranduil." Adatel made a motion to an almost identical elf next to him; shorter and eyes the color of gray ice. "It seems odd that an elf would be carrying an axe of Dwarfish make." Adatel glared slightly at Gimli as his brother spoke. Gimli fidgeted and swallowed. "My...my bow was broken in my travels a Dwarf offered me his axe for protection." Gimli silently prayed to the Valar that the elves would buy his story. The two brothers spoke softly in elvish and nodded. "Very well, we will take you to the caves; but don't wander far; the spiders aren't nearly as hospitable as we are." That said, the troop of elves turned back and headed farther into the woods. Gimli swallowed and hurried to catch up. As Gimli was escorted into the Kingdom of Thranduil he tried hard to pick up and understand what the two brothers were saying softly in elvish. He gave up soon after when the younger, Nethalas, began to eye him suspiciously. Gimli turned his head away, nervous of those penetrating eyes. "I don't trust him brother," Nethalas spoke softly. Adatel nodded and glanced back. "Neither do I. He isn't telling the truth about something. Whether it be who he really is, or his true intentions." Adatel rode on silently with his brother. Wonderful, Gimli thought to himself. What else can go wrong today? Gimli frowned and continued to walk along, surrounded by the elves. "Adatel! Nethalas!" Gimli glanced up at the familiar voice as the party reached the home of King Thranduil. There quickly heading down to greet his brothers was Legolas, in royal robes his hair tied back with braids. "Legolas, good to see you're excited about tonight," Adatel quipped with a grin as he got off his horse. Legolas sighed and shook his head. "You know how father has been lately, no doubt he's going to embarrass me. Anyway, is Gimli here yet?" Legolas looked into the crowd of elves and looked at Gimli. "Who...is that?" Gimli swallowed and fidgeted. "Coeiond, we found him on the outskirts of our territory, he's from an eastern elf tribe; said he was sent to give congratulations to you," Nethalas said quietly. "We didn't see Gimli I'm afraid." "That's all right." Legolas walked towards Gimli and smiled, his eyes locking onto Gimli's own. "Welcome to Mirkwood, Coeiond." Gimli nodded nervously. "Thank you, Prince Legolas," Gimli said shyly, unsure of the look his friend was giving him. "Come, tell me about yourself, Coeiond." Legolas gently held Gimli's hand with a smile that made he and Legolas' older brothers frown. "He isn't..." muttered Adatel. "He is," answered Nethalas his hand over his eyes. Legolas gently led Gimli into their home his eyes filled with only a few emotions; wonder, and love. "It really isn't important. I only came to give my people's congratulations, then leave." Gimli pulled his hand away, fearful of what his friend from the war was doing. "I would be honored if you would stay for our dinner tonight, though. Please, mellon, you are welcome here, and you seem weary." Legolas smiled and gently stroked Gimli's face, his fingers brushing over his elf ear. Gimli pulled away and frowned, he didn't want to be rude, but at the same time, he didn't exactly want to leave. While the other elves gave him nothing but the feel of being unwanted, Legolas, his dear friend, wanted nothing but for him to stay. Gimli frowned and nodded slowly. "Very well. I shall stay." "Thank you, Coeiond." Legolas smiled again and took Gimli's arm to guide him through the passages of his father's home. It was later that night that the celebrations began for Legolas' successful return to Mirkwood. Gimli was given a seat next to Legolas near the front of the room. He felt all of the eyes on him and swallowed nervously. He listened quietly throughout the speeches and looked up as the King himself came into the