Chapter I: Family Reunion At Camp Half-Blood Hello, everybody! It is I, StoryMakerr014 , bringing you another story! If you have been following me for quite some time now, you must have already expected this to come up this November. In fact, this fanfic, along with several updates of my other stories, should have been posted last week. But I encountered some health problems. Don't worry though, I'm okay now. :) Anyway, this fic is similar to one of my first stories titled " Transformers 4: The Untold Stories " in that this is a sort of epilogue to Heroes Of Olympus while serving as a prequel to a future fanfic. And just like it, this one will only consists of 9-10 chapters at best. However, I could tell you that they will be very interesting. Especially the last two. :D Anyway, enough of that. Sit back, and enjoy the first chapter! For the first time since he was kidnapped by a goddess, Percy had finally slept well. Three days after the defeat of Gaea, things were finally settling back to normal. Well, as normal as things could be in the life of a demigod like him. Especially since he is a son of Poseidon. Waking up in the morning inside his own cabin with the salt fountain on the corner and the metal fish ponies his Cyclops brother, Tyson, made hanging near the window was the best. But for Percy, nothing can compare to seeing his girlfriend, Annabeth Chase, safe and happy once again in their home. Camp Half-Blood. He smiled in his bed, remembering last night's campfire songs and that wonderful kiss she gave him before he entered his cabin. Sighing in contentment, he rolled off his bed and sat up, stretching briefly. He stood up, brushed his teeth and changed his clothes to the usual orange camp t-shirt and some faded blue jeans. He walked towards the door and opened it to reveal a certain blonde daughter of Athena with her back turned. "Hey, baby." He smiled, wrapping an arm around her. He heard a giggle and smiled again. "How's your sleep, baby?" She asked, still not turning around to face him. "Good. Especially with that kiss you gave me last night." He whispered the last part in her ear, making her giggle once more. "Which reminds me, aren't you suppose to give me that morning kiss already?" He grinned slightly. "Are you sure? Someone might see us." She said. Though judging by her tone, she wants it too. "Of course. In fact, I think it would be best if somebody did see us." He chuckled. She giggled again, gods how he loved hearing her like that, and answered. "Well, baby, if you really insist." She turned around slowly to reveal... the grinning face of Travis Stoll. "How about it, baby? Ready to receive your morning kiss?" He said in a very poor imitation of Annabeth's voice, batting his eyes rapidly at him and making kissing motions with his lips. Percy screamed loudly and pushed the son of Hermes on the ground. "What the actual Hades, Travis?" Percy shrieked, backing away hastily. Suddenly, the air to his left shimmered as the real Annabeth Chase appeared, laughing hysterically. "You should've seen the look on your face!" She laughed, doubling over. On the ground, Travis looked like he was having difficulty breathing. "Dude, I can't believe you would actually fall for that!" Travis said between gasps of air. "To think that you've known Annabeth for five years already." As Percy calmed down, he took a closer look at Travis and noticed a really big difference between him and the real Annabeth. For one, his body was not feminine at all. Plus, her girlfriend's hair was not that long either. "That's not funny, guys. Not funny at all." He grumbled as Annabeth approached him, giggling a bit. "Don't be mad, Percy. They're just "officially" welcoming you back." She explained, hugging him from the side. Then she snickered. "Besides, that look you just made was totally priceless!" She laughed again softly. "Still not funny." Percy muttered. Suddenly, Connor Stoll appeared out of thin air, grinning maniacally and holding a video camera. "Welcome back, Percy!" He greeted jovially before hastily helping his brother to his feet. "Thanks for this video!" He waved the camera triumphantly. "We are going to submit this to Olympus' Funniest Videos." He said with a grin. "We're really sorry dude, but we need that grand prize money of 1,000 drachmas. Especially since that invisibility powder we used was not cheap." He said. "See you later!" He laughed together with his brother and ran. "STOLLS!" Percy yelled as he prepared to go after them. However, Annabeth restrained him back with a hug. "Hey, just let them be." She smiled. "Besides, don't you want that morning kiss?" Percy grumbled and turned towards her. Then he frowned. "Are you sure you're my real girlfriend?" He narrowed his eyes with fake suspicion. He expected her to reply with a smart comment, he didn't expect her to actually kiss him. As he got over his surprise, he closed his eyes and started to kiss her back, pouring his love for her into it. They broke apart a minute later, both of them with a smile on their lips. "I really missed this." She said, leaning into him and sighing contently in his chest. Percy chuckled softly. "Annabeth, we just did this last night." He said, smiling. "That's not what I mean, Percy." She said, her voice soft. "I mean this." She glanced at their surroundings. "Our home. Our friends. Living normally without any fear of angry gods or goddesses bringing the end of the world." She leaned into him once more and sighed. "Yeah, me too." He murmured. Then he cupped her cheeks with his hands and pressed his lips once more into hers. "Especially since we could do this over and over without anyone watching us." He grinned as they broke apart. She giggled, slapping him gently in the chest. "You're such a seaweed brain, Percy." Then she placed her forehead into his and smiled. "But you're MY Seaweed Brain." She whispered. "And you're my Wise Girl." He answered with a smile of his own. As they prepare for another kiss, they suddenly heard someone coughed. They sighed and turned their heads toward the sound to find Jason Grace smirking at them. "I hope you two are done eating each other's faces already. Because you're both gonna be late for breakfast." ... "So, how are you and Piper doing?" Percy asked Jason. The two of them were currently walking towards the dining pavilion, with Annabeth heading back to the Athena cabin and her siblings a few moments ago. "We're doing good." The son of Jupiter smiled. Along the way, they passed Grover and Juniper, who waved at them in greeting. "How good?" Percy gave him a sideway glance as he waved back at the satyr and his girlfriend. "Good enough that you needed to sneak Piper out of her cabin well past curfew?" He grinned. Just last night, he saw Jason and Piper cautiously making their way to Zeus cabin. Jason's eyes widened. "Y-You saw us?" He stuttered, blushing a bit. Noticing his embarassment, Percy laughed. "Hey, no need to be embarassed." He clapped him on the back. "Campers do it all the time. Heck, before I was kidnapped, me and Annabeth did it several times already." He grinned, remembering the few times they were almost caught by the cleaning harpies. Jason sighed. "Yeah. Well, I'm not really embarassed because of that. I am embarassed because... I don't know. Maybe it's because of the fact that up until I showed up in that bus with Piper and Leo, all her memories of me were actually fake. We've just practically started dating two days ago. And I think I'm scared of doing something that might make Lady Aphrodite mad at me or something." Percy snorted. "You're kidding, right? Knowing that goddess, she's probably squealing every time he sees you together with her daughter." Jason looked at him uncertainly. "You think so?" He asked with a doubtful expression. "Of course." Percy nodded. "Besides, I think she will go easy on you. I mean, you're one of the reasons we defeated Gaea." True, Percy admitted to himself. To storm or fire the world must fall. Now that he had thought about it, that line referred to Jason AND Leo working together to destroy Gaea. And so, the recognition and credit rightfully belongs to them. As for himself, he was content with the fact that he had been able to help them fulfill the prophecy. By waking up Gaea with a stupid nosebleed. "Maybe you're right..." Jason mumbled. As the two of them continued on their way, they passed more campers heading towards the pavilion until there were more than a hundred demigods already. They passed the Ares kids, with Clarisse giving Percy a curt nod. Behind her and her siblings, the entire Hephaestus cabin marched. Though they looked as gloomy as before ever since they learned of Leo's heroic sacrifice, especially Jake Mason. He sighed, wishing he could have done something. Unfortunately, both Nico and Hazel themselves had already said that Leo was indeed dead. And Percy wouldn't survive the explosion even if he wanted to save him. He suddenly thought of Calypso and felt sad at her tragic love life. No doubt she was still in Ogygia, fruitlessly waiting everyday at the beach for someone who will never return, even if there was a way. He just hope that she will not start cursing the gods and him or Annabeth again. Once I get the chance, I will really ask them to free her. And I will be there to see it. He promised to himself. As they neared their destination, Percy saw several more familiar faces. He saw the Athena cabin with Malcolm and Annabeth in the lead(who winked at him), Piper(who smiled at Jason) and the Aphrodite kids with Drew just behind her talking to one of their siblings about the latest gossip. Then there were the Stolls and the Hermes campers, busily avoiding small vines erupting from the ground courtesy of Katie Gardner and the Demeter demigods, who looked pissed. Some of the Apollo kids waved at him, though they looked as gloomy as the Hephaestus kids. Probably due to the fact that Apollo was being punished severely and prohibited from siring any male Roman demigod for a century. Not that Percy have problems with that. Having another Octavian is as bad as Gaea rising once again. Then he noticed something. Someone was missing from the Apollo campers. Apparently, Jason noticed it too. "Where's Will?" He frowned. Suddenly, all of them heard a scream. "PUT ME DOWN, WILL SOLACE!" Came the unmistakable voice of Nico di Angelo. Percy and the others glanced around for the source of his voice until they saw a rather unusual sight behind them. Will Solace was walking casually with Nico slung over his shoulders, the boy struggling and screaming Greek curses at the son of Apollo. "I SAID PUT ME DOWN!" The son of Hades yelled, beating his fists repeatedly against Will's back. "No." Will replied. "You need to eat, remember?" Nico crossed his arms and huffed in annoyance. "I can walk, Solace." He grumbled. "Of course you can." Will said. "After the sun has set and all of the campers are sleeping. No, starting from today, you're going to eat with the rest of us. Look at you, you're as pale as a ghost. You need to be out on the sun to get your vitamin B." "I don't need vitamin B or Y or any of that stupid medical mumbo jumbo." He snapped. "What I need is for you to put me down and let me get back to my room at the infirmary for me to return to sleep." "Not a chance, Death