The man in the hood looked over the side of the roof, observing the street below, and the saw his target walking, or limping into an abandoned building on the opposite side of the street, dragging a small girl in by her hair. The hooded man sighed, this wasn't the first monster nest he had tackled this week in New York, and it certainly wouldn't be the last, they were getting more and more frequent, whether this was from the monsters reforming quicker, or them just converging on New York, he didn't know and didn't really care. He sighed again, judging my the amount of activity from the abandoned building, there were going to be a lot of monsters inside, it was going to be a long night. He stood from his crouched position, and span his torso from side to side, releasing a groan as he heard the crack from multiple bones clicking in his back. With a small leap, he jumped onto the low wall surround the top of the wall, with the wind whistling around him, he took in a deep breath and gave the building opposite one last look. With the wind rustling the hood covering his head, he couldn't help but be glad that the whole suit he was wearing was enchanted, he was still unsure by who, but it gave him an ultimately terrifying appearance. His whole suit was black, made of some sort of leather-like material, military style boots protected his feet and went up to the middle of his shins, they had been slightly modified, so that they were lighter on his feet and he could run and jump over obstacles with ease. His pants were again made of the leather-like material, they weren't figure hugging, but were tight enough to not get caught on anything, attached to the right leg of his pants was a holster of sorts, with five celestial bronze throwing knives, so that they were easily accessible. Finally the jacket, also pitch black, so that he all but became any shadow he was stood in, it had a classic middle zip, but again a holster was located with throwing knives on his left forearm. His hood was made as a sort of canvas material, also pitch black, it covered the tops of his shoulders, and combined with his gloves, it made no excess skin visible, the only part of his body uncovered was his face, but thanks to the enchantment, there was a permanent shadow covering the majority of it, so even in pure sunlight, his face couldn't be seen unless he wanted it to be. His weapons were as black as the night as well, from the quiver of arrows that clung tightly to his body, the metal bow in his hand or the knives that were sheathed snugly to his quiver, and easily within reach. The man grinned to himself, the suit had saved him on more than one occasion, mortal police had tried to shoot him once, but the suit made him impervious to mortal weaponry, although getting shot still hurt like hell. After taking this moment to admire the workmanship put into his clothing, he wished he could meet who made it, and thank them, alas the Fates had decided that information wasn't necessary for him to know. He turned his attention back to the abandoned building, there were Demigod children trapped inside, the purpose for holding them was as yet, still unclear, but he had the horrible suspicion that they were dinner. With one last glance around to make sure he wasn't being viewed, he let his body tilt forward, and fell facedown towards the pavement far below. Once he judged that he had fallen far enough, he quickly nocked an arrow and fired it directly at the building he was aiming for, the arrow, as soon as it left the bow, stretched a steel cable directly from the hand of the bow, to where the arrow landed, planted deep with the masonry of the abandoned building. He dropped to the ground, with less sound than a whisper of wind, and the cable snapped from the handle, and retracted into the arrow far above silently. He grimaced, he did like to try and retrieve arrows so as not to waste them, but there was no way to get that one down. Slowly stalking towards the entrance of the building, he slipped through the entrance without a sound, and found himself confronted by a long corridor, with stairs at the far end, leading up. Quietly casting his senses out, listening intently, sensing nothing on the first floor, he tried to sense if there was anything on the floors above. That was when he heard the muffled scream of a child. All it took was that small sound for him to directly pinpoint the child at the northwest corner of the third floor. Not hesitating, the man in the hood flung himself as fast as he could down the corridor to the stairs. Leaping up them as fast as he could, he kept an eye out for tripwires, he had been caught out once before, and had the scars to prove it. Making it to the landing on the second floor, he hastily cast his senses out again, however what he had originally predicted seemed to be the case, all of the monsters seemed to be located higher in the building. Making it to the third floor, he quickly made his way to where he had heard the child, pausing only when he heard a door open up ahead, he quickly folded his frame into a doorway, and became one with the shadows, and all but invisible. The Hellhound came out of the door sniffing the air, and heading towards the room where the hooded man believed the girl to be. When the Hellhound was completely out of the door, and slowly making its way up the corridor, the man in the hood, pulled an arrow from his quiver, and shot the Hellhound through the throat in less than a second, so it wouldn't make any sound, and alert any others to his presence in the building. The only sound that was made when the Hellhound dissolved into golden dust was the thump of the arrow, as it passed cleanly through the monster, and imbedded itself in the skirting board a few feet in front of the pile of gold dust. Satisfied that he hadn't been detected, the man in the hood, quickly moved up the hallway to the door that the Hellhound had appeared from, slowly peeking around the corner, he let out a muffled curse. In the room was at least twenty Hellhounds of various sizes spread out on different pieces of dilapidated furniture, on moth eaten sofas, even spread on the rotting tables and kitchen surfaces. Making a strategic decision, he pulled four arrows out of his quiver, these arrows were then shot in different positions around the room to cause maximum effect when detonated. These arrows were certainly one of his pride and joys, located a few inches above the arrowhead, part of the shaft was a vial of greek fire, which once detonated caused a decent explosion, and caused anything around it to be engulfed in the vicious green flames. Pleased with his work, again the arrows had made next to no sound, small thumps when the arrowheads connected with wooden support beams, and the mangy carpet. The man in the hood started to make his way towards his target once again, this time, he managed to make it to the door he believed his quarry to be behind with no further interruptions. Once directly in front of the door, he regretted not thinking of a plan beforehand, not that he ever did. Casting his senses out for hopefully the last time of the night, he felt the presence of at least one powerful monster in the room he was about to enter, and at least six other entities. Keeping the bow in his left hand, he slowly reached forward with his right hand to grasp the door knob, and twisted it, glad when it rotated silently. Once there was a crack in the doorway large enough for a rough view inside half of the room, putting an eye to the door, he quietly observed the figures inside. Quite clearly there were at least two Empousa, a Dracanae, one of the largest Hellhounds the man had ever seen and what had to be much to his surprise a Gorgon. Thankfully the figures in the room had their backs to him, and he was able to slip inside and become one with the shadows in the corner of the room. He noticed that the small girl sat cowering in the corner opposite to him, legs brought up to her chest, and crying into her knee's, with the Dracanae prodding her with a spear, this caused the man in the hood to almost snarl in anger. "He will come, she is family after all" the Gorgon said with a sadistic smile and a typical bad guy laugh. "What do we do about her?" one of the Empousa said pointing at the small girl whilst licking her lips. "Nothing, we need her alive to draw the 'Hero of Olympus'" the Gorgon replied snarling slightly at the title. This caused the hooded man to frown slightly, 'Hero of Olympus' surely nobody actually held that title, and if they did, these monsters were just begging for trouble. Slowly, he turned his bow back into it's concealed form, that of a rather chunky metal bracelet, and slid the three throwing knives out of their holster on his left arm. With the monsters babbling on about how they were going to make this 'Hero" suffer, the man in the hood quickly threw the three knives at what he presumed the most threatening people in the room. The Dracanae, one of the Empousa and the Hellhound all burst into golden dust, for the Gorgon and remaining Empousa to spin around looking for their attacker. After he had loosed all three knives, he stood up and started to walk calmly into the light, because he wanted answers. The Gorgon's head snapped around to the figure intruding on them and snarled "Who are you?" "Who am I? Fantastic question, but first, what are you doing?" The man replied calmly, letting his voice reach across the room and the fear of the unknown to sink into the monsters. "You made a mistake coming here, we will tear you apart" the Empousa threatened, stalking towards him from one side of the room. "I don't think so" the man replied, and before either of them could reply to him, he flicked a knife from the holster on the right side of his pants and at the she-devil, nailing her directly between the eyes. As the Empousa turned to dust he focused his entire attention on the Gorgon, and flicked the switch on a metal box in his pocket, and the greek fire arrows in the room a few doors down ignited and incinerated all of the Hellhounds. "Now that I have your complete attention, what are you doing here?" he said turning his face towards the Gorgon, who had taken a few steps backwards, in fear at this new threat in front of her that was undeniably extremely strong. "We are hoping to kill the greatest threat to our plans, so we stole his sister from that demigod camp" she said with disgust plain on her face. "The 'Hero of Olympus' yes, I don't care about that, why are more and more monsters amassing themselves?" the man in the hood said with a brief wave of his hand dismissing that plan as unimportant. "You don't know?" she questioned quietly then started laughing manically, then it was cut off by a shriek as an throwing knife impaled her hand to the wall behind her.