Spirit: Hello readers and welcome to the sequel the lightning thief reading story. Gods and Demigods read the Sea of Monsters (With the guests). If you read the first one, you know who are the guests. There are a few things I want to tell you guys though. First, if you didn't know, I'm working on other stories as well. I'm gonna do this story, The Naruto: SFCW sequel, Maelstrom, and Harry Potter: the Force Wizard. So I won't be working on this solely. Honestly, I would've focus on the Maelstrom of Cocoon first since that was my plan back then, but Phoenix insisted on doing this. Phoenix: Sorry Spirit but I am trying to keep the readers happy. But if I am at work you will have to work you can work on the stories I might not be able to help you with. Spirit: That's okay. Though I hope someone will offer some help. Also, I'm wondering if you guys want to Percy to keep feeling whatever he reads in the book. I want to keep doing that, since it's fun to write, while Phoenix doesn't. So I'm asking you readers what you think and going to make a poll whether we should keep that or not. Also, make sure you read my others stories as well. Enjoy. Disclaimer: We do not own Naruto or Percy Jackson. Back to Reading (Naruto's Mansion) Naruto was heading toward a training ground with a pond near it. As he got closer you could see two things. One was the son of Poseidon and Samui engaged in a sword fight, Percy doing well with his fight against the primordial. You could tell because the wind being kicked up when the sword collided and Naruto's Haori was blowing in that wind Percy had changed over the course of training with Naruto and his all of his wives. His swimmer build has a six pack added in, but it wasn't overly huge and he still had the swimmer's build. His skin had a deeper tan from training outside for two months. He lost a lot of baby fat with the healthy food that Naruto and his wives had him eat, he also gain some cunning as well. "Percy, Samui-chan that is enough." Naruto said with his Haori blowing in the wind. The two stopped fighting immediately and turn toward Naruto. "Is it finally time to get back?" Percy asked, eager see all of his friends again. For him, it's been two months since he saw them. He subconsciously rub the ring on his necklace, which was the ring Annabeth gave him when they were young. Her father's ring. Naruto smile and nodded at the excited demigod. "Yep. It is time to head back to read the next story." Naruto said to his apprentice. "I also want to surprise everyone with your changes and new weapon." Percy subconsciously grabs the hilt of his new sword, Razor shark, which is on his back. He was happy that Razor shark lets Percy wield him like Naruto wields Samehada, the mother of razor shark. It's a really awesome sword. It look like Samehada, but a bit smaller to fit his size and the scales are a golden blue instead. Percy stills uses riptide though. "Yes sensei." Percy said with excitement. Percy went to go and get his stuff, as well as say goodbye to the friends he has made during his time at Naruto's home. While Percy was training he met Naruto's army and the other wives that won't be appearing. But the ones who are appearing he did not meet except for Anko and Samui. Naruto wants it to keep the surprise from everyone, including him. Samui went up to Naruto and pulled him in for a kiss,which he returns. After a few seconds, the two of them stopped. "He has come along way from when we first started training him." Naruto nods in agreement. "Yes he has." Naruto said with a proud smile. "He will return to them stronger than before and ready for whatever is thrown at him." "I'm ready sensei." They turned to see Percy has a cloak on to surprise everyone of his friends with Ayame, little Kushina, Fuu, And Yugito with wolves ready to head to olympus. Naruto nods and walks over to the group. When everyone grabbed each others hand, they teleported them to Olympus. (Olympus) Everyone just started waking up, slowly getting out of their rooms. Some of them still have some sleep in their eyes while a few were very rejuvenated. In one of the rooms, Piper and Leo went out of one of the rooms together. Ever since that problem with Orion, Piper had nightmares of it actually happening. When it first happened, she screamed out loud. Loud enough to wake everyone and Leo was the only one that could shake her awake and calm her down. Aphrodite, Annabeth, and Jason tried, but they had no success. After she calmed down enough, everyone left the room, but when Leo try to leave Piper grabbed his arm and begged him not to leave. Leo was embarrassed with sleeping with Piper, but he couldn't say no when that pleading look in her eye. That kept happening every night and on the fourth, everyone discovered that Piper couldn't sleep without Leo comforting her. It was embarrassing for the both of them. Piper, because she never thought she would be dependent on someone, and Leo, cause of the fact that he was sleeping on the same bed with his best friend. When Jason saw those two together, his heart clenched. He misses his friends, but the two avoid him when he try to talk to them and when he try to grab Piper's hand, that only scared her. He does miss them, but his hubris is stopping him from apologizing to his friend. Also the fact that they side with Percy as well. While the guilt is slowly seeping up in his mind, Jason is still feeling the jealousy of the powerful son of Poseidon. Meanwhile, some of the greek campers look like they did back when Percy was missing, except less tired and down rotten. Even though they knew where Percy was, they still miss him since they only saw him for two days. They hope that he won't go into another training mission. But they knew he is okay because Naruto's mother brought letters from Percy to them. Annabeth came out of the room, with the baby sleeping in arm. She smile at the child. When Percy went with Naruto, she asked Sally if she could help take care of baby Percy and sleep with the baby sometimes. The toddler form of him made it bearable for all of them without the older Percy. All of them help babysit the child, all of them taking turns with Sally. Even some of the gods help their children with taking care of the child. The only ones who didn't was Zeus who was being punished, Octavion, Hercules, Orion, Ares, and Jason. Everyone was eating breakfast, making casual talk. Annabeth is with Thalia, Rachel, Hazel, Juniper, and Piper are talking with each other while Leo and the Stolls were planning some pranks. Reyna and Clarisse are talking about the weapons their camps use and the rest of guys were just talking about their past lives. The gods are talking with each other as well, one of them being Aphrodite and Hephaestus. For the past two weeks, the both of them are slowly starting to act like husband and wife, with Aphrodite being the one that changing. Hephaestus was surprise Aphrodite is actually putting up the effort and inwardly, he was please that Aphrodite is actually showing that she loves him. But there is still a lingering thought of her playing with him like she did all the other years. Annabeth, Rachel, and Reyna, along with the other demigods, are slowly gaining a happy look. They counted the days Percy was training and this is the day that he is going to return. Suddenly, Rhea got up from her seat, and addressed everyone here. "I got news from Naruto. He said to wait in the Olympian throne room and they will appear with the book." That got different reactions. All of his friends brightened up immediately, the ones that dislike Percy had a disgruntled look, and the immortals that likes Percy perked up as well. Before anyone can blink, Annabeth, Rachel, and Reyna were running to the throne room. Hazel, Thalia, Nico, Frank, and Clarisse were not to far behind them. Some of the others shook their head at their excitement and went in the room to, although some of them are eager. (Olympian Throne Room) All of the group are in the room, with the Olympians seated on their thrones. Many of the demigods are standing on their feets eagerly, looking forward to seeing their friend again. Finally, a bright light was in the middle of the room. When it faded it revealed Naruto, Percy in his cloak, Fuu, Yugito, Ayame, and Kushina (the daughter). Naruto was wearing a black muscle shirt with his symbol in the center. He is wearing red pants with black shinobi sandals on his feet. He is also wearing a jacket with it hanging off his shoulders like a cape and it has on the back the same symbol as the on the shirt. Many of the goddesses were blushing at seeing Naruto's muscles, which were more defined than the other gods, and the demigoddesses would've too, if they didn't tackled Percy when they saw him, along with most of the male demigods. "PERCY!" Percy let out an "Oof!" when they tackled him. He chuckled as he is lying down under the pile of demigods. He might've gotten crushed under all of them, but the two months of training increased his strength and durability. "Nice to see you guys too." Percy wheezed out under the pile and he blush when he felt a hand grab his private part. He didn't need to be a mind reader to know that Rachel who groped him. She can be the only one that is that daring. Eventually, everyone got off of Percy, with Annabeth being the last person on him. Before she got off though, she gave him a deep kiss. He return the kiss, which made her toes curls. They would've stayed lip locked, if someone didn't clear their throat. The two immediately got off each other and blush as they can see everyone stare at them. Sally, Poseidon, Thalia, Grover, Frank, and Nico are staring at them in amusement. Clarisse, Will, Chris, Leo, and the Stolls are grinning at the two. Hazel, Piper, and Katie are blushing from watching the two make out, since it look so erotic. Rachel and Reyna are trying not to do the same things themselves. And most of the gods are smirking at the two as well, except for Athena, who look real close to blowing up the Son of Poseidon. Then everyone heard a growl from Percy's back and they looked at sword on his is bandaged up. "Uh Percy what is that?" asked Thalia pointing to the sword. Percy smiles and pulls his sword from his back. "This is Razor Shark, a sword that Naruto gave me." Percy said. "I'm not going to explain how it's made, since it's a whole kind of complicated, even for Athena. No exaggeration. But this sword is actually alive." Everyone was staring at Percy in disbelief. Naruto pulls out Samehada and the two blades destroy their bandages. They look a like. "How is it alive?" asked Annabeth examining the blade but not to close afraid of what might happened. "Well Razor Shark it the child of Samehada." Naruto explain to them, getting some of them to have their minds in the gutters. "Razor shark was formed by one of samehada scales with permission, so it's not