Hi, J here. I would just like everyone to know this is un-betaed and that I am currently looking for a beta reader. I'm sorry for the poor grammar. I spent quite a bit of time researching for this story. It was originally for an English class but I fell in love. I'm pretty sure I've gotten top marks on this (except for marks reduced from my terrible grammar). DISCLAIMER: I don't own Harry Potter. I only own the plot. I hope you all enjoy and bonus marks if someone can point out the quotes from three of J.K's books. xoxo enjoy. It was the year 2024 and everything had gone great in the Wizarding World of England for the last 26 years. The platform of 9 was ambitious as usual and the second generation was equally ambitious. It was Rose Granger-Weasley, Albus Potter and Scorpius Malfoy's last year and the three decided over the summer that it will be their best year. Their relatives on the other hand weren't too worried about their time at Hogwarts seeing as some of the second generation Weasley children still had a while yet at Hogwarts for them to be worried about making their best year. Lily Potter, Hugo Weasley, Louis Weasley and Lucy Weasley where just focused on making the year as good as it can possibly be. As opposed to their older relatives who boarded the train with high expectations the younger ones of the second generation had just hoped for the best. The last to board the train out of the second generation wasn't a Weasley or a Potter at all in fact it was a Malfoy. Scorpius was excited as the next to be going back to Hogwarts, some may say he was probably the most excited of the bunch. His hesitation laid solely on the hopes his father would show to see him off. You see Scorpius had spent the summer basking in the presence of the Potter and Weasley clan. That's not to say that he didn't spend some time at The Malfoy Manor, he actually spent a considerable amount of time there alone. His father couldn't rely on his inheritance forever due purely to his sanity. After Astoria died Draco decided to spend a considerable amount of time on studying alchemy. And what a considerable amount of time actually means is all his time. So of course Scorpius got rather bored at home alone. So two weeks before the half way mark of the summer he invited Albus and Rose over. The things to do at The Manor never ran dry but they decided at the half way mark the three's company wasn't enough so they decided to go the only place they knew would be crawling with people, The Burrow. Nana Molly Weasley accepted Scorpius with opened arms and as she did with the rest of her children and grandchildren. She filled his belly and gave him refuge, much to Ronald's distaste. Scorpius enjoyed spending time with his best friend Albus and hopefully soon-to-be girlfriend Rose's family. He contemplated the summer and the thought of Rose as he took on last look at the platform. The whistle blew and all that was left where parents waving to their children. He looked through the crowd searching for silver blonde hair but all he could see was a man with black hair and glasses. He gave a disappointed smile and waved at his best friend's parents who looked equally disappointed back at him. With that he took his trunk and walked back to search for Albus and Rose. He walked down the long corridor looking in every compartment until he caught a glimpse of red Weasley hair that was in a frantic state. He opened the door and took his seat across from Rose. "Where is Al?" Scorpius asked casually as he gazed at the witch who was in his opinion the most beautiful girl in the world. "He went to change into his robes." She said looking up from her book briefly. On that very note Albus came and took his place beside Scorpius with his Slytherin robs on. Scorpius had a flash back of the first time he met Rose on this train in a compartment just like this: Scorpius: Hi Scorpius. I mean, I'm Scorpius. You're Albus. I'm Scorpius. And you must be… Rose: Rose Scorpius: Hi, Rose. Yould you like some of my Fissing Whisbees? Rose: I've just had breakfast, thanks. Scorpius chuckled at his memory and continued on. 1 "Well then, you can just cut the sexual tension in here with a knife." He said, sarcasm lingering in his voice. Rose took another glance over her book just to give Albus a dirty look. "Actually." Scorpius said, shocking Rose and making Albus raise a brow. "My lack of family has made me think that life is too short for feeling alone. This time next year I don't want to suffer alone, I have decided." Scorpius announced with confidence. "How do you plan on managing that?" Asked Rose with a hint of condescend in her tone. "Well Al operation Hippogriff is a go." Scorpius said to his stunned best friend. "Wait now? I thought you were going to wait." Albus said confused at his friend's tactics. "Albus Severus Potter, just give it here!" he said pointing his head at the confused red-head across the way from him. Albus reluctantly opened his trunk and pulled out a beautiful box and handed it to his friend. At the first glance of the box Rose shook her head furiously "You must be crazy! I am not going to marrying you….yet!" At this notion Scorpius laughed vigorously and said "I wasn't going to ask you to marry me!" They hadn't noticed but the rest of the Weasley Potter clan, silently snuck in to observe the weird occurrence happening. In their minds they really did think Scorpions was going to ask Rose to marry him. This was a Ludacris idea since he was not even dating get her. Although the two weren't dating rumors quickly flew around the second generation Weasley's. The rumors got a little weird at one point they had even suspected Albus of being in love with Scorpius. Rose looked at Scorpius dead in the face with a no nonsense glare "Well, out with it then!" Scorpius smiled but wasted no time with his explanation "I guess we've accumulated an audience… Okay, here I go. Rose, this summer we've become pretty close and we mutually agreed we love each other. I know we aren't dating but I'd like to give you my grandmother's ring as a promise. My promise to you is that ring will someday be used at our wedding and I'll love you more every day until I renew my promise on that day. I know I am a bloody sap and that I have been asking you out since third year but will you be my girlfriend officially?" To this Rose was speechless and she rued her father for her complexion which always turned as bright as her hair in moments like this. "I-I can't accept this ring." She stammered but Malfoy was persistent "Rose, you know very well that you can accept this, for reasons I'd rather not say in front of everyone and their brother in this cart but I will if you make me!" With this she quickly grabbed the ring and kissed him on the cheek half way because of her actually wanting this and half way because she knew he would say their secret aloud for everyone to hear. The problem was that they had lost their virginity to each other that very same summer. And as one could imagine they don't want that sort of story out in front of their family even though they considered them more of their peers. It was supposed to be something special just like the moment they shared now. They cherished their moment in their own little world for a second before Albus gasped. They looked up in curiosity to see Albus point to the newspaper Hugo was holding. He quickly snatched up and began to read it looking more and more shocked the more he read. "Fenrir Greyback Has escaped from Azkaban." Albus said with some concern. "Who is Fenrir Greyback?" Asked Lucy in her usual sweet voice. "My dad said he was the commander of the werewolf army and the bloke that killed his ex-girlfriend." Rose said. "My dad said he was a horrid creature you practiced cannibalism and focused on children." Said Albus. On that note the train stopped and they all hopped off and headed towards the boats. Rose contemplated all the information she had just required and analyzed it as she boarded her boat with her bout of First years. Every 7th year were to accompany 4 fourth year students across the lake. "OH, can I row miss?!" A young girl squealed as she grabbed the ore. This one was short with a pixie cut, buck teeth and freckles. Her blue eye's looked up at Rose and she smiled down at her and nodded; thrilled with her excitement to row. "What's your name?" Rose asked the girl. "My name is Nagendra Fawley" she said with a giant grin spreading from ear to ear. "What house do you hope to be in Nagrendra?" Said rose in hopes that the young witch would say Gryffindor. "Well, my parents would love for me to fallow the family footsteps and join Slytherin" The young girl started but paused in the middle "Can I tell you a secret miss?" she asked meekly. "Yes, of course" Rose said surprised by her boldness. "I would actually love to be in Ravenclaw." She said with a smile. Rose reciprocated her smile and nodded then using a zipper motion before her lips. The rest of the evening went by as the usual first day back at Hogwarts had for the last 6 years. They head master made speeches, the 1st years were set into their houses and they ate dinner. She paid close attention when she heard the name Nagendra Fawley. She didn't know why but she felt an instant connection to the girl. "RAVENCLAW" she heard the sorting hat call and she sighed in relief. She was well past her Slytherin Bias at that point but she did hope the girl would get what she wanted. Towards the end of the annoucment the sorting hat and the rest of the school began to sing. Hogwarts, Hogwarts, hoggy warty, Hogwarts, Teach us something please, Whether we be old and bald Or young with scabby knees, Our heads can do with filling With some interesting stuff, For now theyre bare and full of air, Dead flies and bits of fluff, So teach us things worth knowing, Bring backwhat weve forgot, Just do your best, we'll do the rest, And learn until our brains all rot. 2 That Friday she had a spare period at the end of the day so she used it to practice Quiddich. As the team captain she prided herself on being the best and most hard working play on the pitch. She didn't do it as to brag but as to set a good example and rev her players up. While she was practicing her techniques alone she couldn't help but notice something peculiar. She noticed a group of young girls near the Forbidden forest. She flew closer to see that one of the girls she actually recognized as Nagendra Fawley. As a prefect she sprang into action and flew down to the group "Hey, you lot!" she shouted from the air to get their attention. "The Forbidden Forest is strictly off limits." She continued to the group of first years. "Sorry miss, we'll be off then." One of the girls chimed in as they all started walking back to the castle. "Nagendra may I have a word with you alone"