Autumn Flowers It was as they approached the slopes of the Misty Mountains that lead up to the High Pass, that Aragorn, son of Arathorn and Legolas Thranduilion found themselves strolling through a small wood. Far too small to even be placed upon the maps of Middle Earth, it was a surprise that not many knew of it. In fact, only the rangers really knew of such a place, along with most of the elves in Rivendell. Ah Rivendell, their destination for this particular trip. The mere thought of the rich smells of autumn leaves and evergreen trees along the sounds of crashing waterfalls brought new strength to Aragorn as he carefully traced out where to place his feet. The path through the wood, or at least this one, was fairly uneven. It wound and sloped in many places, but was also littered with small rocks that were easily unseen and even easier to trip over when they were hidden amongst fallen leaves of gold and brown. There were actually three paths in the wood that could be used to travel to the northern boarder, just beyond which lay the path to the High Pass. Aragorn had chosen this particular one for a reason, despite how dangerous it could be sometimes. The reason behind the decision was of course logical. For three days before the pair had reached this point in their journey, it had rained something akin to a monsoon without respite. It was a miracle that Aragorn had not caught a cold. And as the other two paths in the forest would be nothing but mud that came up to one's knees, this path was the one to take. It did not stir doubt or worry in him to tread it: he was more than confident that he, a Ranger used to the wilds of Middle Earth, and his companion the Prince of Mirkwood, whose own realm was far more treacherous than this wood, would make it to the High Pass without hindrance to their pace. Speaking of his elven friend, it was unusual in Aragorn's mind for him to be the one tagging behind, while the Ranger lead the way. Legolas had keen eyesight, and always knew of the right paths to take after he spoke with the trees. Their song and guidance never lead them astray. Glancing back at the Prince, Aragorn could not help but ponder what thoughts currently circled in his friend's head. Judging by the light smile upon his lips, he conversed with the trees surrounding them. Aragorn was not wrong and simply turned his gaze back to his feet, picking his way through the path, all the while knowing that his friend was finding much wonder in his surroundings. It was after all, quite a pleasant wood. The trees here were mostly young, barely fifty years of age. But they were healthy and strong to the Ranger's eye and he no doubt thought that his friend knew the same. Legolas inhaled the air softly and deeply once more, the unfamiliar smell exciting his nose. He had not travelled through this forest before. In fact, he barely knew of it until Aragorn had told him that they would be taking this path. The forest bore no name of men, elves or dwarves and was not present on any map. He supposed that he did not know of it because of how little he had strayed beyond his own borders, except in the case that he wished to visit Imladris. Whenever he used the High Pass to visit his kin, he always approached from the north as it was the quickest path to take when journeying from his home. However, Aragorn had approached him a few weeks ago with a request for aid. A town that sat on the plains not too far south from Dol Guldur was having troubles with raids from a small clan of bandits. And as Elladan and Elrohir were busy with matters in their own land, Legolas had agreed to ride out with his friend and then return with him to Imladris for a winter's visit. They had ridden out with a few other Rangers a few days ago on borrowed steeds and dealt with the problem easily. The journey had been particularly interesting for Legolas, as he had never seen the plains beyond Dol Guldur, and even though they were devoid of many landmarks and trees, Legolas could not help but find some form of beauty as he gazed upon the unfamiliar sight. He breathed the air yet again. Truly the smell was invigorating and his excitement was only increased by the trees that surrounded him. He conversed with them joyfully, his eyes scanning every inch of his surroundings as he span like a small elfling upon the rocky path. The song of this small wood was harmonious and upbeat: the trees here were welcoming of the Firstborn, as it was rare that they strayed within distance of the wood. They were also young and lively, eager to converse with any that could understand them. The elf talked and sang with them, asking the trees for their names if they had them, a light hum filling the air as such knowledge came to him. The Prince was in utter awe at the amount of names he had learned today. He just could not get over it! This wood was just new to him; a precious section of Middle Earth that he had not ever visited. And such a kind place it was too! He would be sure to visit again. The joy of the trees brought a certain spring to his step as he followed Aragorn, easily able to almost skip along the hazardous rocks that stained their path. But then he stopped, as if he had hit an invisible wall. Aragorn turned his head to glance at his friend. Out of curiosity, he was going to ask the elf what the atmosphere in the wood was like, as he knew his friend to be enjoying their time here. His humming had a sweeter tone than usual. But as he turned to Legolas, he noticed his halted form and how he seemed to sniff the air like a bloodhound, his brow scrunched in what looked to be confusion. "Legolas?" He asked hesitantly, glancing about for any apparent danger. It was then without warning that the elf leapt into a nearby tree, climbing it like only a wood elf could, and then jumping to the branch of the next tree and so forth. "Legolas!" He called, running to follow the direction that his friend had travelled in, as he knew that he could not keep pace with the elf. He was sure that there was no trouble in the wood, or his elven friend would have told him. The Ranger's only guess as to the elf's sudden exit would be the song of the trees. His friend was in awe of this place, it was plain for all to see. It was likely that he had caught heard or smelt something new, and was rushing to find it. Crazy elf , Aragorn thought to himself with only partial exasperation. The Prince of Mirkwood grew ever more excited at the wood. Up until a point, the air had only smelt cold and fresh, but now there was a sweeter scent on the air, one he was unfamiliar with. He knew that Aragorn could not smell it, at least not until they drew closer to the source. Yet to Legolas' keen nose, with every step he could smell the scent becoming stronger. He skipped along the branches faster, eager to find the source of this delightful smell. So focused upon his task was he, that he could barely hear the song of the trees surrounding him. Instead he heard naught but the wind whistling in his ears. Oh how he felt so at home! It was as if he had known these trees for decades, like he knew the ones in his homeland. The pulse of life around him was staggeringly strong: he could feel it beating like a lion heart beneath his feet. A sure sign that this wood was not going to die or corrupt anytime soon. A sudden, sharp increase in the scent's strength practically pulled the elf from the tree he had just hopped to. He jumped down, making barely a sound or an imprint upon the ground when he landed. His eye's widened with awe-filled joy at the sight before him. Sitting in the clearing before him on a bed of golden autumn leaves, was a young tree, frightfully alive with the last of September's blossom. The white and pink petals of the flowers fell elegantly to the ground in the slight breeze, resting amongst their scattered kin at the base of the tree. No longer could he hear the songs of the other's that surrounded him, for the elf heard only the song of the blossom tree, which sung louder and sweeter than all. He had heard it when he had first smelled its scent, and knew he had to find its source. He had put his trust into the tree's call and followed it diligently. Entranced, Legolas dared himself to rise from his crouched position and approach one of the most beautiful examples of Yavanna's creations he had ever laid eyes and nose upon. With his hand held aloft and outstretched, he reached forwards to lay a hand upon the trunk, yet stopped before he did. So in awe of the of the tree's blossom's he had been, that the elf failed to notice the red flowers that climbed around it's trunk. Twisting and turning, they were entwined with the tree deeply and had thus become a part of it's beauty. It was then that Legolas discovered that the sweet smell he had followed came of these beautiful red flowers, rather than the white blossoms. He moved his nose closer to a small collection of these flowers, before deeply inhaling their sweet scent until he could draw no more breath. His nose tingled pleasantly. His mind became clouded and his movements dizzy, but all that soon passed and he was quickly carried off into elven dreams of songs and celebration. ...Legolas! ...What...? ...las... ...What is that? The elf thought. ...Leg... Is someone... calling for me? ...as... The voice grows faint. I can no longer hear it... "Legolas!" a sharp voice from just above him exclaimed. That was not faint! With a sharp intake of breath, the elf pulled himself out of his dreams and focused his already open eyes on the blurry figure standing over him. It took him barely a couple of seconds to realise that it was Aragorn: that panic stricken tone could only belong to him. Almost instantly, his vision sharpened and saw detail that only the Firstborn could. His other senses returned to him as well, all telling him different things. It was then that his tense of touch told him that he was lying on the leaf ridden ground of the small clearing and that Aragorn's hands where laid upon his shoulders. His nose told him that it could no longer smell the flowers, which before it had managed to detect from a great distance. Lastly, his eyes told him the obvious: that Aragorn was indeed worried for him, though he appeared less concerned now that the elf was awake. "Estel?" He questioned, choosing to use the other's elven name. Aragorn nodded in confirmation, "What happened, mellon nin?" He asked, removing his grip on the elf now that it was apparent that he was okay. "What?" The elf questioned. "Why are you lying on the ground?" Legolas sat up suddenly, glancing about with confusion, "I was dreaming pleasant dreams," his eyes settled upon the red flowers, remembering the last thing he had done was smell them, "those flowers... their scent must have overwhelmed me for a moment." Aragorn followed