AUTHOR'S NOTE: So after years of reading tons of AU stories for our favorite British wizard hero and now I'm writing one. Please be gentle with me. I'm certain I know what I want to happen, but requests and ideas are always welcome and appreciated. DISCLAIMER: I do not own or have any part in the making of the Harry Potter universe or franchise. All of it is property of J. K. Rowling, that gorgeous genius. Also, if you have any ideas for the pairing, then by all means you're welcome to tell me through a review! Please, god, give me reviews...I NEEDS THEM! Pretty please with a cherry on top of me? # 4, Privet Drive, Surrey Harry was furious as could be. Not at the fact at having to spend another miserable summer with his captors that he was forced to called his "relatives." Not at the fact he had been basically lied to from day one about what he was involved with regarding Voldemort. No, he was angry because a lot of truths had been essentially hidden from him regarding Dumbledore, most of the Weasley's and Hermione. Now, a normal person would probably be asking what had made Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived, to be so angry over his "supposed" best friends. Well, the answer was quite simple, really. It all started with a simple letter with elegant script addressed to him in almost emerald green ink with the Gringott's seal on the envelope. Rather than ignoring it, Harry immediately had opened the letter and began reading it immediately, a look of dawning horror crossing his features the more he read. Dear Mr. Potter, We at the London Branch of Gringott's Bank have noticed a certain series of transactions that have raised eyebrows, as well as the fact you have yet to claim your inheritance and answer our letters regarding your accounts. Detailed below is a brief summary of the transactions that have taken place within the past thirteen years: Withdrawal, total sum of 38,000 Galleons, 4,566 Sickles and 534 Knuts to one Albus Dumbledore (accumulated total over thirteen years.) Withdrawal, various magical tomes and artifacts to one Albus Dumbledore. Withdrawal, cloak of invisibility to one Albus Dumbledore. Withdrawal, sum of 2,500 Galleons converted to Muggle currency to one Albus Dumbledore (occurring annually for the past thirteen years.) Withdrawal, sum of 500 Galleons to one Ronald Weasley (occurring annually for the past three years.) Withdrawal, sum of 500 Galleons to one Molly Weasley (occurring annually for the past three years.) Withdrawal, sum of 500 Galleons to one Hermione Granger (occurring annually for the past three years.) Withdrawal, one engagement ring and sum of 3,000 Galleons to one Ginerva Weasley (occurring annually for the past three years.) If you wish to contest these transactions and claim your inheritance, please meet us on Wednesday the 15th of July at 10:00 o'clock in the morning, sharp. You will be greeted by a teller the moment you arrive. Gristlebane, Head of Accounting and Finances, Gringott's Bank After having had read the letter over and over again, Harry had no choice but to accept this as truth; despite having limited knowledge of the actual wizarding world at large, his experience with the goblins had been nothing but brutally honest at best. Glancing at the clock and calendar beside him, he saw that Wednesday was no more than two days away, which meant he either had to sneak out of the house or ask for a ride to London. Deciding on chancing running away, Harry began packing away necessary clothing and toiletries into a knapsack before also grabbing his most wanted belongings from his trunk. Dragging it with him would be a hassle, so Harry decided to pack extremely light. Walking to Hedwig's cage, his snowy owl proceeded to eye him curiously as the black haired teen said "Listen, girl...I need you fly over to the Leaky Cauldron for me and wait there. I'm gonna meet you there as soon as I can." His owl hooted softly, nipping his fingers affectionately as Harry opened her cage to let her out the window. Gathering everything including his cloak, the photo album, and a few other odds and ends, he proceeded to exit his room carefully. The Dursley's had stopped locking the door thankfully, but he still had to be careful when walking down the hall. Having memorized all of the squeaky spots in the carpeting. Soon enough, he'd reached the bottom of the stairs and headed towards the hallway leading to the kitchen, walking quickly yet quietly until he'd reached the door and unlocked it. After making sure there were no signs that either his uncle or aunt had heard him, Harry left the house and soon enough was walking far enough away and raised his wand, signalling for the Knight Bus. The garishly purple bus soon pulled up with a loud bang, to which Harry was extremely glad that Muggles couldn't hear or see the bus; the doors opened with Stan Shunpike giving his recited speech of welcome and Harry gave his destination with a hurried tone. Climbing on and paying the wizard, Harry managed to grab a seat and brace himself for the trip. Watching as everything whizzed past at breakneck speed and after just a few minutes, they'd arrived outside the Leaky Cauldron. As soon as he'd entered, the teen saw Tom standing behind the bar and he walked over. "I need a room for a few days, and I can pay for the first day while I go to Gringott's tomorrow." The older wizard nodded and grabbed a key, saying "No problem, young man. We have rooms still open so just let me know when you want to leave and there'll be no worry about it." Harry nodded in gratitude, fishing out the rest of his coins before taking the key from Tom and heading upstairs. Finding the room, Harry laid on his bed with the window open for Hedwig to fly in easier. Sighing, he wanted to just wake up and find out this was all a nightmare...but Fate seemed to enjoy making this hilarious for him. 'Well, no sense in just staying up for too long...I have to sleep to meet the goblins tomorrow. Merlin only knows what I'll find out...' Laying his head onto the pillows, Harry barely managed to get a moment of sleep save for the moments when his dreams were nothing more than just nonsensical images and sounds. Waking to the sound of Hedwig hooting softly next to his head as she groomed him affectionately; sighing with a sad smile, he sat up and said "Hey, girl." Getting out of bed, Harry proceeded to gather about some clothing that didn't appear to be five sizes too large on his skinny frame. Glancing in the mirror, he saw that his hair was a lot longer and now could probably become a lot more manageable with a few decent grooming charms. Thinking on it, Harry also decided to get his vision corrected too while in town, if it could be done at all. Nodding at the mirror, he pulled on his trainers before heading down the stairs to grab a spot of breakfast, hopefully having the appetite for something other than crusts of bread and some water. As soon as he'd sat down and glanced at the menu, Harry decided to order some fresh fruit, a bowl of oatmeal and some coffee in order to settle his stomach. When the lady came by and delivered his food, Harry dug in with gusto and was so glad he hadn't ordered any of the traditionally heavy meats and breads that were so popular in English cuisine. Having finished his meal, Harry saw that he had two hours and decided to head over to one of the salons to have his appearance improved. Walking along Diagon Alley, in the early morning, it made Harry appreciate being such an early riser as very few people were up and about; this meant he had a modicum of peace to himself. Entering a shop that featured a bright sign titled 'The Cutting Edge', he entered and was greeted by a rather lovely woman in a white corseted top and black tight trousers tucked into combat boots, her long black hair loose around her as she turned to face him. "Well, hello there! My name is Eliza, and welcome to the Cutting Edge! Now, are you here for a trim, a lengthen, or something else all together?" Harry blinked at her friendly attitude, merely stammering out a reply. "Um, well, I guess I don't really know...I've never gone to get my hair done professionally before. I'm not really sure what to do at all with it." Eliza smiled brightly before saying "Perfect! I know just the thing! We'll do a hair lengthening potion that will allow me to have more to work with and we can go from there." Grabbing bottles of a rather pale mint green solution, she pushed Harry into a chair and proceeded to rub the potion in and watched as his hair lengthened down to his waist in thick, luxurious waves that would make even the most self-assured woman jealous. Taking scissors, Eliza asked "Now, do you want me to start at the shoulders or higher?" Harry was lost for a moment before saying "Could you...could you pick for me? I'm not really sure what to go for." Giving an understanding nod, she began cutting his raven hair just where his shoulder blades ended, snipping edges and wayward locks while making small talk with him. After a while, Harry couldn't take it anymore and decided to ask her why she didn't act like the rest of the wizarding world did around him: some treated him like the second coming of the Messiah while others molly-coddled him as if he were broken glass. "Sweetie, I know damn well who you are and I really don't care. I mean, don't get me wrong, I can appreciate who you are, but it's more like I just can't be bothered with reacting like a frenzied herd of sheep. You're the Boy Who Lived, yes, but that's just a title. That's not who you are. And in all honesty, I don't fully buy the story; certain facts don't add up." Eliza said all of this, busily fixing the remaining part of his hair and pulled back with a triumphant smirk. "Tell me what you think!" Harry looked in the mirror and had to blink a few times before realizing it was himself in the mirror. Now that his hair was longer, about mid shoulder length and curling gently, he noticed that there were more streaks of red in the black tresses than he'd previously believed. His hair framed his face gently, almost like a soft blanket, while hiding his scar perfectly without worry of his bangs getting blown constantly by a strong breeze. "Wow...without my glasses, I'd look like a different person entirely! I could even walk around and be treated like I'm no one important for once..." Harry had whispered this, but Eliza still heard it and immediately knew what to do. Grabbing a smaller potion bottle, about the size of a softball, she took an eyedropper and said "Now, I need you to lean back and take off your glasses, this potion will take about twenty-four hours to work entirely and it'll correct any damage you have, plus it'll have the most pleasant of effect of enhancing your eye color." While Harry did as he was instructed, she dropped three drops each into his eyes and watched as the young teen was expecting pain but instead felt a cooling sensation surround his eyes. "That's amazing! What is that potion?" Eliza patted his arm, saying "Diluted essence of murtlap with dittany, sanguine lily sap and falcon tears...all in all, a rather nifty potion I'd say." As Harry stood up, he proceeded to