AN: I own absolutely nothing except my own plot ideas. George POV: "C'mon Georgie, it's getting late! If we don't leave soon, Perce is going to come back from his rounds and bust us!" Fred's whisper carried harshly across the Gryffindor common room to where I sat near the fire, rummaging through my sack of supplies. "I know that, you dimwit! We can't just run out into the corridor without our secret ingredient though, can we? I'm just double checking to make sure it fits in here." "Well hurry up, it's nearly eleven!" With a last look at the grandfather clock in the corner, I hastily shoved the flask into my bag and rushed out the door to meet my twin. "Glad you could find it within your heart to meet me here," Fred said with a smirk, "What a shame it would've been to carry on this mission without you." I glared. Just once, it would be nice to have him be the responsible one of the two of us. Punching him lightly in the shoulder, I began walking towards the dungeons. "Shove off, Forge." An hour later, clutching my side and wiping tears from my eyes, I stumbled into the Gryffindor common room with my twin by my side, intent on the post-prank run-down. I ran to the couch to warm myself- In my (really Fred's ) haste to begin our prank, I had neglected to grab my jumper, now I was paying for it- and pulled a small scroll from my pocket, and summoned an errant quill off a table. "Alright Freddie, by your count, how many Slytherins did we get out of their beds?" I questioned, ready to mark the tally. No response. "Fred? You still there? Is everything alri-" I turned around from my position on the couch to see my brother with a peculiar look on his face, one that I last remember seeing when he let Ginny fly with him on a broom and she fell off, and nearly snapped her ankle. He put his finger to his lips, and then pointed towards a corner of the common room that we often avoided: the "library". Perhaps 'library' is a strong term, it's honestly more of a collection of books on opposing shelves that students have left behind year after year, many filled with notes, doodles, and not-so-flattering drawings of everyone's favorite Potions professor. Between the two sets of shelves, there was a rather large rectangular table, well-suited for projects that required collaboration. Fred and I have set foot in the school library precisely four times, therefore it should come as no surprise that we rarely frequent this corner, but this evening was different, it would appear. Percy had finished his rounds nearly an hour ago now, and most students were long gone to bed, fast asleep with dreams of the next Quidditch match dancing through their minds, and yet...someone was there, a girl, it seemed. Her brown mass of hair was haphazardly tied back in some sort of a ponytail (don't give me that look, I have a younger sister!), and her head was inclined slightly forward to be in her hands. Fallen asleep doing homework, what a shame. Bet they didn't realize that was a go-ahead whistle for being pranked. It wasn't until I went to ask Fred for his opinion on charmed chewing gum in her hair that I noticed the shaking. Every few seconds, her whole body gave a monstrous shudder, as if she had forgotten how to breathe and every minute that she sat there her ability diminished further. She was crying. Well, that certainly changed things. "George, I need you to grab my satchel very quietly," my brother whispered out of the corner of his mouth. I raised an eyebrow at that request but said nothing. I still wasn't quite sure who this mystery girl was, she seemed small -a first-year maybe?- and I was never particularly fond of approaching weepy women, so I passed the satchel over to my brother, and made a subconscious decision to let him handle this. I watched as he pulled a sheet of parchment out of the satchel, whispered a short phrase, and let the castle blueprints unfold onto the paper. His eyes grew wide as he identified our concealed companion. He mouthed it to me, and initially, all I could read from him was "hurt my knee" -confusing, as we hadn't done anything particularly taxing. Suddenly the map was flying at me, and it was all I could to do catch it before it knocked something off a table and alerted our female friend to our presence. I glanced down at the map; Hermione Granger, of course. But why was she crying? I raised my eyebrows towards my twin, and from the look he sent back, he had as much of an idea as I did. After a series of gestures, I paled as I realized that he was planning to approach her. Fred must've caught the change in complexion, as he gestured me upstairs, telling me to go on ahead, he'd be up in a moment after he'd talked with her. Y ou sure? I asked with my eyes. Yes, of course, now go! Not one to question him further (not now at least), I headed up the stairs to the Boys' dormitories and promptly fell into bed, my body aching for sleep, but my mind willing me to stay awake until my brother returned. Half an hour later, Fred stumbled into the room, shut the door and leaned against it, a curious expression on his face. I whispered his name and he started, clearly having assumed that everyone would be asleep. He turned, his hands against the door for a moment, before facing me again. "That one's going to be a handful for us, Georgie. I can feel it in my bones." Beyond exhausted from our late night escapade, I nodded half-heartedly and mumbled something about saving this conversation for the morning before rolling over into my sheets, all thoughts of interrogating my twin forgotten. Fred POV: I walked back into the common room with George, fully prepared to discuss the logistics of our prank. 34 Slytherins running out of the dungeons and shrieking as brightly colored powder appeared to infiltrate their living areas, what a sight! As we moved towards the fireplace, I heard a sniff and froze. There, in our least favorite corner of the common room, was a girl, sitting with her head in her hands, and her body vibrating with deep sobs every few seconds. "Alright Freddie, by your count, how many Slytherins did we get out of their beds?" my brother attempted to ask me. I, however, was transfixed by this girl. She couldn't have been more than 12 years old, a second-year at best. Those were harsh cries for an underclassman. As I wondered who it might be, I heard George begin to ask me again and then freeze mid-question when he saw me halted. I put my finger to my lips and gestured towards the corner, watched as the wheels turned in my twin's mind, and waited until I saw the moment that it all clicked for him. "George, I need you to grab my satchel very quietly," I whispered as best I could out of the side of my mouth. I saw a look of confusion flit across his face, but he did as asked, and handed me the bag, which held, among other things, a bottle of Butterbeer, some Bertie Bott's Every Flavored Beans, and approximately twelve crumpled up pieces of parchment with caricatures of various professors. I rummaged around until my fingers brushed the worn piece of parchment that I was looking for. Pulling it out, I whispered "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good," and watched as ink began to bleed onto the surface, highlighting the layout of Hogwarts. I shifted my gaze to the Gryffindor common room, read the name of our unknown friend, and felt my eyes grow wide at the name. Hermione Granger . I attempted to mouth the name to my brother, but he failed to put together the syllables. Instead, I sent the map flying towards his head. I saw him examine the map, his eyes falling on the name of the girl who sat before us, and suddenly jerk his head up to look at me nervously. He raised his eyebrows as if to ask if I knew why she was in tears. Of course not, I've got no clue! I gestured to myself, then walking with two fingers, then talking, then pointed towards Hermione. He paled, always one to avoid emotional moments, my brother. I motioned towards the staircase, telling him to go on ahead, I'd surely be up in a minute or two. He raised his eyebrow as if to ask my certainty, and I waved him forward, Yes, of course, now go! Now what? I asked myself. You barely know this girl, what are you going to do? I was right. We were barely a month into the school year, I barely knew any of the first years, except for Harry Potter, of course. And Ron. It's possible I bumped into her on the platform, or maybe the train, but still...That didn't warrant any attempts at comfort. But here I was, committed to being a good person, if only because I knew George was sitting in his bed upstairs just waiting to grill me on the conversation I was about to have. "C'mon now, eleven is a rough year, but it couldn't possibly be that dreadful," I joked, hoping that my attempt at humor would give her the inclination to speak to me, or at least to smile. Merlin, I can't deal with weepy girls. She raised her head halfway, only enough to look into the window at her reflection, exasperated, and mutter something about pre-pubescence before lowering it back onto her hands. "I hate to be this way, but I've no idea what you've just said, and there isn't quite room for me to join you. Care to turn around and be witness to the most dashing ginger you've ever seen?" I smirked at that line, even though she couldn't see me, and then cringed a bit. Typical. You're trying to comfort the girl, not make her swoon, you idiot! These opinions were sounding more and more like they were being voiced by my twin, and I shook my head to clear my thoughts. I looked up and she was staring at me oddly, still sniffling, but looking much more capable of her respiratory functions than she had upon George and my arrival. "Fred or George?" she questioned. "What does it matter, really? Isn't it enough to know that I'm the more handsome between us?" She sighed, and rubbed her temples with her fingertips, the sniffling slowing down, but still irritating, evidently. "I promise I'm not here to prank you," I offered. "I only meant to see if you were alright. It's not every day that you see firsties crying in the common room unless Snape's been really awful. He hasn't hexed you or anything, has he?" "No, of course not! He's a professor, why would he ever…" she trailed off, "that was a joke, wasn't it?" "It was meant to be. Apparently, it was rubbish, based on your reaction, though." "I'm dreadfully sorry, I just..I...I'm a bit out of sorts right now. That's not to say that normally I would've laughed at the joke either, to be perfectly honest, I probably would've missed the humor altogether, but now I'm rambling and making you uncomfortable and I'll just be leaving now." She rotated herself towards the desk and began gathering her materials. "Granger, wait," I called out. She froze for a moment, and then turned back to face me, face flushed, nose red, and eyes puffy from the still-unexplained crying. "I didn't mean to poke