Chapter One She felt like a priced animal: nothing important about her, just there, unnoticed by those around her who were willing to pay the price. It took all her strength to shut the conversation that was happening, out, but it didn't last and as soon she heard his velvet voice, her attention was turned to them. "I'm not sure if you have noticed it, Mr. Dwyer, but we are living in the 21st century now, where arranged marriages doesn't happen. In addition, human trafficking is against the law! If you so badly wish for you daughter to marry, I suggest you contact a marriage agency to help you with that instead of forcing her upon willing buyers of the property!" Edward stated heatedly, rising from his chair to pace in front of Phil. She could imagine Phil as he leaned calmly back in his chair, his hands folded in front of him, "You know Mr. Cullen, one of the first things my father taught me when I joined sis business, was how to think practically. It seems that young men like you can't practice the virtue of practicality. If you are willing to be reasonable, you will see that you will get the property you desire to a very reasonable price and in addition, you will get the wife you need to produce the children you wish for." When Edward spoke again, he growled, "If you think Mr. Dwyer, that anyone will marry someone they do not know for a piece of property, you are mistaken." Bella wanted so badly to correct him; there was a line of men who were more than willing to take on a young wife as long as they got the land they so greatly desired, but Phil wouldn't be able to milk them for money as he was doing to Edward at the moment. "It hurts me that you believe so Mr. Cullen, but if that is how you really feel then I see no reason continue our conversation. Good day, Mr. Cullen. I can inform you that I have a fine line of men who are willing to pay the exact amount you are, maybe even more, for the land you claim to want." Phil's voice was cool and smooth as the ice that was his heart. He had skilfully played every card he had to play against Edward Cullen and he was winning, even though Edward himself didn't know he was losing yet. He needed Edward Cullen to get rid of his stepdaughter. Without him, he couldn't marry his own young wife, and he wasn't going to marry her off to any man; it had to be one who could keep a tight leash on the woman, one who knew how to handle a disobedient wife, and Edward Cullen was the right man for that job. "This is ridicules! Mr. Dwyer, we both know that I am offering much more than the land is worth!" "Maybe, but to me, you seem uninterested. You may leave so I can take care of my business." Bella thought she was about to faint; she knew very well who was next in line and every man after that. The next man was Alec Volturi, a short, fat and disgusting man who had on more than one occasion informed her that he wished to bend her over somewhere and plow her like a farmer plowing his field. She looked briefly away from the window she had been looking through so intensely for the past thirty minutes, and met the cold, hard stare of Edward Cullen. She clutched the silver blue curtain with her left hand and quickly looked away; he was her last choice to get away from Phil and his horrid friends. "Doesn't she have a say in any of this? After all, it is her life we are talking about," Edward asked angrily and she didn't dare to look back him, not just yet. "My stepdaughter have already made her choice and she will marry the man I choose. What remains is for you to make your choice, Mr. Cullen. Don't you worry though, she is a very determined young woman and she has made it very clear to me that this is what she wants," Phil spoke loudly, making sure to rub it in extra hard that she had next to nothing to say and if she did, it wouldn't count for nothing. The silence that filled the room became too much for Bella and she dared a glance at them in the reflection of the window she was staring through. Edward Cullen was still glaring at her and she quickly averted her eyes again, focusing on the curtain she was still clutching so hard in her hand. "Very well," he said, his velvet voice drilling its way into her mind as he spoke with authority, "But I would like to have a little time alone with Isabella. I'll let you know my decision once we have concluded out conversation." Bella swallowed thickly and her hands started to tremble as she clutched the curtains even tighter, her knuckles turning white. Phil's low chuckle echoed through the room. He knew he had won; there was no doubt. Not only would he get a nice chunk of money by selling a piece of property that meant nothing to him, he also had the chance to get rid of his stepdaughter, a liability to his future wife. All around, it was a fabulously perfect deal. "I see no other reason than to let the two of you have your little discussion. Come find me when you are done so we can go over the details for the contract before you leave; you can find me in the lounge." At the door, he cast one last look at the young woman he at last would be able to get rid of. When the door was closed, Bella swallowed and turned slowly, alone with the man who she knew could be just a ruthless as her stepfather. When she first met Philip Dwyer, he had been a rather pleasant man who had managed to woo Renee out of her darkness after the loss of her late husband, Charlie, who had been killed in a car accident. Like many men who found themselves in a relationship where the other half had a fourteen year old daughter, he had been a tad cold towards Bella, but for her, it had not mattered; he was not her father, only a love interest of her mother. Bella hadn't dared to think that their relationship would go any further so when Renee had announced after two years of dating that Phil had asked her to marry him and that she had said yes, Bella had felt as if her mother had betrayed her father. However, the smiles and laughs from Renee filled the house again and Bella couldn't find herself telling her mother that she didn't like her new husband, but Phil and her had come to an agreement to be pleasant to each other when Renee was around. All of it had happened so quickly for Bella, who was still mourning her father. A few years later when Bella left for college, she had kept her contact with her mother and they traveled together whenever a vacation allowed it. They bonded once again so when the news of Renee's pregnancy came at the beginning of her final semester, Bella had been over joyed. Her phone calls to her mother became more frequent and she couldn't hide how much she was looking forward to become a big sister. When the news came on her graduation day, Bella had been devastated; Renee, who had been five months pregnant at the time, had decided to drive up to Bella's graduation to surprise her, a small present resting on the seat next to her containing a sonogram of her little sister. Renee never made it to the graduation. Hit by a drunk driver in a Hummer, the driver's side of the car had been smashed and both Renee and the baby had been killed. After the funeral, Bella had moved in with Phil to sort through everything that Renee owned and as the time went, Phil pressured her into working for him, holding the money she would inherit form her mother over her head. Eventually, Phil had realized that Bella had nowhere else to go, no other family but him. There was no longer a need for him to keep the money that was hers by law, away from her anymore, knowing fully well that she would be doing his biding with or without them. When it came to Edward Cullen, she had first met him two months prior at a fundraiser. Not fond of social gatherings like fundraiser, dinners and galas, Bella had walked around in her boring black dress that didn't fit her body at all, trying to make the time go faster so she could leave. It had surprised her greatly when a man, tall and handsome, at asked her for a dance and the look of determination had surprised her even more when she declined. He had chased her around most of the night an whenever she thought she had managed to get rid of him, he had popped out of nowhere, asking her for a dance. In the end, Bella had coldly turned him down and accepted the dance from another man less handsome than he. She still had a tight grip on the curtain behind her as she avoided his stare, a nervous tremble going through her body. "You haven't said a word the whole time I have been here and I can't help but wonder why. Why will you not talk to me, Isabella?" Surprised by the softness of his voice, she blinked and tried to comprehend what he was asking her, "Excuse me?" "I asked you why you won't talk to me. I find it rather rude that you didn't greet me when I arrived and I found it especially rude when you repeatedly turned down my offers for a dance only to agree to the ogre that came after me," his gentle tone was gone and replaced with a harsh and cold tone that chilled her. "However, what seemed simply cruel was how you ignored my phone calls, the messages I left you and the emails I sent you; you didn't answer one of them and now, you stand in front of me like a priced animal to be sold." Phone calls? Bella didn't understand what he was talking about; she hadn't received anything from him and now he was claiming she had been ignoring him. "I'm sorry, Mr. Cullen, but there are no messages on my phone or on my computer from you and I have never received calls from you. If you had in fact contacted me, I would have answered." His eyes flashed with something unfamiliar to Bella as he slowly walked closer to her, "That night at the fundraiser, among all the beautiful women, I saw you walking aimlessly around, alone. Your hair was up in an unflattering tight bun and your dress did nothing for your body, but there was something about you that drew me towards you. Then it turned out that you're just like any other woman running in these circles. I would have gladly taken you on a date and seen which way things would have taken, but you coldly turned me down." The night of the fundraiser, she had been surprised when he didn't take no for an answer and now, he told her that he had been contacting her. As if turning on a light, Bella understood; Phil. His hater for her went far, she knew, but she had never thought that he would hack into her computer and phone, removing anything that could give her a life outside his rule. "Is this all a game to