Thank you for giving my story a shot! This is my first so be kind. Thank you to my friend (you know who you are) for encouraging me to finally free myself. Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters or proper names nor endorse anything I mention, just my plot. Bella is smart, accomplished, and just recently moved into town. She meets her past and a wild man in one night, but there may already be someone in her present. What will Bella do when she's at the crossroad of the heart? Edward, content to be alone and not looking for love... at all, finds himself drawn to the brunette beauty and struggles to stay away. Crossroads of the Heart Chapter 1 A loud beep sounded overhead in the airplane, and with a start, Bella woke up as and the captain's voice announced their final descent. "Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking, welcome to Sea-Tac Airport, the weather in Seattle is..." Bella rubbed her eyes and tuned out the voice while she looked out of the rain splattered window. Dark looking puffs of clouds with wispy tendrils cast a gray and dreary shadow over the city. She hadn't seen weather like this in a while. A sudden visage of Kenya's magnificent sunset materialized before her, stirring a wistful absence inside her that she couldn't put into words. Africa had captured her heart in the short year she'd spent there. Working as an international relief aid in Kenya, as a Pediatric Surgical Physician's Assistant, for the past year had been a life changing and humbling experience. The remote hospital and the many faces of her patients (and friends) floated through her mind bringing a smile to her face. However, as much as she would miss her adventurous time there, it had been time to come home. A new job awaited her in Seattle and if she was being truthful, she was also glad that coming back home would take her mind off Garrett. She let her mind drift to him while the plane landed and rolled onto the runway. He was tall and lean with a slightly muscular built. His long, shaggy hair was dark blonde, which he mostly kept held back with a white bandana. He had compassionate, brown eyes and usually wore a scruffy beard even in the hot, dry heat of Africa. Only in his early 30's he was a surgical doctor volunteering with Doctors Without Borders (MSF); and after completing his residency in the states, knew that he had a desire to do some humanitarian work. They met a few weeks after Bella arrived. She was working in the ER when the mobile clinic brought back civilians that had been hurt. Garrett had been a part of that medical team, and the mobile clinic did not have the necessary equipment for him to perform the major surgeries. Since some of the injured were children, Bella found herself working alongside Garrett throughout the night until the next day. Afterwards, both drained and in need of substance and sleep, Garrett finally looked over to Bella and asked if she was the new aid worker they were expecting. They would spent the majority of their time, after that, traveling together with the mobile medical clinic. He taught her how to care for the patients using what little resources they had, and how to navigate through the tough and sometime scary situations they were faced with. There were lives they couldn't save and it was during those times they relied on each other for support. They became close friends and Bella was aware that Garrett was hoping their relationship would grow into something more, but they never crossed that line. That was until the last month before she came home. Garret confessed his feelings for her; and although they spoke about her leaving soon, Garrett said he just wanted to spend whatever time they still had together. He would be staying on until a replacement arrived. They had their first kiss that night and many more kisses after that. She forgot how good it felt to kiss (not that she had been kissed by that many) and be held by someone after such a long time. As her experience was ending, she began to develop more feelings for him, but kept it to herself. She struggled with her thoughts... she was leaving, it wouldn't be fair to either of them when they couldn't be together because of the distance. She was unsure if she was ever going to see him again. When the time came for her to leave, Garrett, in his easy-going way, simply kissed her and said he was proud to know her. She could tell it wasn't an easy good-bye for him, but she also knew he wasn't going to persuade her to stay either. As the plane slowly rolled to a stop on the tarmac, Bella blinked several times to clear the images in her head. She missed Garrett, she missed the patients that were in her care, she missed the families that hosted and treated her as one of their own, she simply missed her time spent in Kenya. Taking a deep breath, Bella stood up to collect her carry-on bag and slowly followed the other passengers off the plane. Home sweet home. Charlie was waiting for her in the airport. With balloons and flowers. It was so unlike Charlie, but seeing his huge smile peeking from underneath his bushy 70's mustache finally pushed all thoughts of Garrett and Kenya from her mind. Father and daughter were bursting with excitement to see each other and Bella ran to her father's crushing embrace. "Dad! I've missed so you much! You look wonderful!" "Bells! Welcome home, sweetie. About time you came home, I didn't know if it was going to be another year before I get to see you again." Charlie chuckled. Bella hugged her dad again and they turned to collect her all her luggage. She couldn't wait to get back home. She was going to soak in the tub until she turned pruny! She would be staying with Charlie while she looked for an apartment in Seattle. Her job didn't start for another month and that would give her time to recuperate, move, and generally get settled down. It had been years since she lived at home with Charlie. Her bedroom was still the same, except there were a ton of boxes stacked against one wall when she had her clothes and books sent back home. Looks like they'll be staying in there for a while, she mused. After high school, Bella had been accepted on a full scholarship to a college out east in North Carolina. She wanted to become a doctor, but soon realized that pre-med wasn't her calling and changed her major to Biology instead. Once she completed her undergrad, she applied to East Carolina University and received her Physician's Assistant degree a year and a half later. She stayed in North Carolina doing her residency in pediatric surgery as a PA in Chapel Hill. For almost two years Charlie repeatedly pleaded for her to come back home and she finally relented. She sold or gave away all her furniture and sent the rest to Charlie's. However, it was Dr. Sharpe, whom she worked closely with and admired, who gave Bella the idea of volunteering overseas. Dr. Sharpe was a surgical pediatrician at the children's hospital where Bella worked and she had the kindest heart Bella had ever known. She was taking a sabbatical and signing up with Doctors Without Borders (MSF). Bella had never considered working as an international medical relief aid before, although she did served her community by helping at the women's shelter. She found an organization in her area that accepted her application. She carefully considered it, and after a lengthy talk with Charlie, she decided volunteering would be the right step for her. She was young, educated, and had the financial resource. If she was ever hoping to put all her hard work and studies to use, this would be it. She made the call to the organization after hanging up with Charlie. As her time in Africa was ending, she sent out her resumes from overseas to Forks General Hospital, the Port Angeles area, and Seattle. She had a few responses, but it was Harborview Medical in Seattle that offered her a position with their Pediatrics Center. After a week of sleep and more sleep, and long baths she was ready to start making preparations for her move. Bella knew she could afford to buy a property instead of renting, but she didn't have the time for house hunting . She wasn't, by any means, wealthy but she had some money. Grandma Marie left her a small fortune when she passed years ago. The funds were suppose to be for her education; however, since Bella was able to get a full scholarship to college she didn't have to touch those funds. She used a little of it to pay for PA school and moving expenses, but she was a hard worker and got by with her part time job during school. Plus, she had a job that paid well and she was a good saver so she had a sizeable amount in the bank. She thought about the trendy new lofts close to downtown with the huge windows and exposed brick walls, but also knew she needed a little privacy. She had been living in close quarters with too many people for a long time and needed a space of her own. She settled on a townhouse not too far from downtown and the hospital. She would have all the access to shops and cafes, and a privately fenced yard for peace and quiet. It had an opened floor plan on the first floor with hardwood all throughout the entryway, living area, dining, and kitchen. A patio with French doors opened out onto a nicely landscaped yard with lots of shrubs and a few trees. Upstairs had a guest bedroom and bath; and the master bedroom was a dream with huge windows, a walk-in closet, and an en suite. She fell in love with the place at first glance and was glad she took it even with the high rental fee. There was an option to purchase the property and she told her real estate agent she would consider it after she started work and settled into the neighborhood. What the place needed now was furniture and some decorations. Bella was shopping in an elegant furniture store the next day when an impeccably dressed lady came up to ask if she needed any help. The lady had caramel colored hair, light green eyes, and a face that refused to tell her age. "Hello, and welcome to Dreamscape, my name is Esme. Could I assist you in finding what you're looking for?" The lady reached out her perfectly manicured fingers to Bella. She shook the lady's hand and looked into her kind eyes. "Yes, please. My name is Isabella and I just moved into my new townhouse. I'm hoping you could help me choose some furniture immediately and then help me to design the place to make it more... me." "It would be my pleasure, dear. And what a lovely name Isabella is! Come with me and let's get started." Esme led them into a seating area with books and books of samples and colors. "Now, Isabella, tell me what your place looks like and a little about yourself." She talked about falling in love with her new place, Africa, and starting her new job in the Pediatrics' unit at Harborview Medical. Esme smiled brightly at that. "That's wonderful, Isabella! Congratulations. It seems like you've had quite an adventure and now embarking on new ones as well. You should be very proud of yourself! And speaking of Harborview, perhaps you've had the chance to