He was wrong. He couldn't be more wrong if he tried. He thought I hadn't noticed him before; but I had. How could I not? He saved my life and risked punishment; of course the punishment dished out was only from his mother but I'm convinced that woman is a witch in disguise providing I've never seen her actually be nice to anyone or speak kindly in that matter. Her aside, before I become horrible, without the boy with the bread, I'd have probably died a long time ago. I'll never forget the day he tossed me the burnt bread I'm more than certain he purposely dropped into the fire knowing I was there. I never expected him to love me; not in a million years. I've never even given love a thought; not after my father died. Although I blame the capital but that's another story entirely and at this moment in time, as I sit on a crisp, clean, cotton, possibly hand woven sheeted bed, all that is going through my mind is Peeta Mellark. I know I should be thinking about the games and ways to survive and kill, including him, but his interview seems to have taken somewhat of a toll on me. Yes, I did slam him in to the wall and made it clear that I thought he was just trying to make me look weak and I really did but underneath all of it I guess I do like him; a lot more than I'd like to considering I have to kill him to be able to see Prim again. Sleeping doesn't seem to be an option for me with my mind being so alert although I've only one thought alive; I swing my legs over the side of the bed and place my feet on the plush sandy coloured carpet floor. I don't really know where I'm going to go; I'm just hoping I don't wake anyone. The last thing I need right now is someone telling me to go back to bed for me to lay by myself in anticipation of the games to come. I glare down at my feet as if they're supposed to give me an answer of where I'm going to go at this time. After moment of silence, I feel that it's beginning to deafen me and decide to just walk in the general direction of the door and see where I end up. To say that I'm going to battle to my death in a matter of hours, I'm surprisingly calm but I'm miles away. I don't think of putting on shoes, regardless of the fact I know there are around 12 pairs that will allow me to walk silently around the floor, I just want escape this room. It's starting to cave in on me and I feel trapped; imprisoned even. If I die in the arena, then I'm to die in a world homed in on by camera's and if I win, although the guilt isn't worth thinking about momentarily considering we haven't even started the 'real' game yet, I will still be homed in on by camera's for everyone to watch. Perhaps this is the reason I practically run out of my room. If these are to be my final hours away from public eyes and in safety, then I'm not going to spend them in ways I shall live or die in, in the future; trapped. As I had hoped, my feet manage to take me in a direction which happens to be going up towards the roof. I wonder if it's cold. I open the door at the top of the stairs and glance around. There is a figure already out there, and it's unmistakably the shape of Peeta. I hesitate, questioning if I should go back down and leave him alone in his last hours of safety and freedom, if you can call it that. I think back to the room I have left behind me and the penthouse floor where I could dwell and find myself heating up and becoming strangely claustrophobic and yearning for air. Stepping out on to the roof, being hunter styled quiet, I realise that I maybe should have put shoes on but turning back to find some isn't an option as my imagination has begun to replace the rooms with cells with writing scrawled on the wall reminding me that I'm living my last hours and that I'll possibly never see anyone again and that I'll die lonely, painfully and unloved. Unloved. The word haunts me. I can't think of love without pain but that's how I've become trained to program since no one in The Seam show love to anyone but their families, or that I've seen and with what happened to our family. I've become so lost in my own thoughts now that I don't realise I've managed to keep on moving towards Peeta and that my breathing has increased considerably in speed and sound. So much for being hunter styled quiet. My walking goes against my breathing and begins to deteriorate causing me to stagger towards Peeta, who has heard me by now and is looking over his shoulder at me. His expression is knitted into one of worry but I don't understand since I don't have a clue what I'm doing which is highly out of character for me, but not as out of character as the next thing that happens. A single tear drops down my face and I'm sure this tear must have been made of platinum, silver or gold and decorated in glitter because Peeta's eyes widen as he watches the salt water drip off of my chin and onto my top as if it's sacred. He turns all the way around to face me and is saying something to me; but I can't hear a word. All I can see is his mouth moving and his worried expression deepening. I've stopped walking and I'm stood a metre or so away from Peeta, still breathing heavily but lucky for me no other tears have fallen otherwise I'm sure he would have run to me, embracing me and holding me close. Do I want that? No; I can't feel this, not when I'm supposed to kill him. Not after what happened to my mother with love. That's what's going through my mind at this very moment and preventing me from hearing or speaking. I can hear my father laughing, my mother crying, Prim calling out over my voice shouting "Daddy!" and the mayor relaying what he said when I collected the medal for my father. My chest feels heavy, but I don't know what to do. I can still see Peeta in front of me still saying something but it's in audible to me. Until I see my father's face in my mind and he says "Katniss." The voice is all wrong! It's not his voice...its Peeta's. It hits me that he's calling out my name but quietly enough as to not to wake anyone. "Katniss." Reality floods back to me and I can feel a light cool breeze on my face especially where the tear made its trail. I still can't move but I think Peeta knows that as he steps towards me, smiling softly. I'm sure I must look so confused right now because my eyes don't know where to focus. As Peeta reaches me, he places his hands on my shoulders and stares into my eyes almost as if he's searching for me in my soul and checking if I'm ok. I'm settling now he's in my proximity but my heart is pounding in my chest as he holds my gaze and I can't avert it, I'm sure if it beats any harder it's going to burst out of my ribs. He pulls his soft smile back on to his face and pulls me into his arms, hugging me tightly. I have no idea what's going on except his hug feels like a lifeline and I cling to it; I cling to him as tightly as I can without hurting him. He presses his lips to the side of my head and kisses my hair. My father used that to me and it only causes my breath to hitch and for me to hold to him more tightly like trying to hold my father here. I can hear Peeta's breathing, which has increased as well as mine, and I can feel him smiling. In a normal situation I would have pulled away from the hug a long time ago but more so right now as I don't know what the smile is for. I worry that it's because I've let my guard down and he knows that he's found away into me to keep himself alive near me when we enter the arena but, something tells me that it's nothing to do with that at all. When we finally separate, he's still wearing his smile and I can see that it really was nothing to do with my guard. It's a comforting smile that sits so perfectly on his face and stays there as he takes my hand and leads me to the barrier on the edge of the roof, where he was stood before. I follow his lead without question and stand at his side, looking out in to yonder of the Capital. If you push aside the fact that practically everything here is artificial and that they amazing, twinkling lights are celebrating us and the fact we're going to fight to the death tomorrow, it really is beautiful. We stay like this for a few minutes, when Peeta turns and sits on the floor with his back to the wall. I glance down at him, my expression unchanged, and then I follow his suit. He smiles at me once more but more widely this time and finally; I return his smile. It's not exactly genuine but it's something to say thank you for what he just did for me without verbally having too. It's easier to do so this way although I want to say the words but I feel if I open my mouth, I'll cry. I don't understand why. "You can't sleep either?" Peeta questions. I shake my head and wrap my arms around my legs, breathing in slowly trying to calm something in me that wants me to break down but also trying to stop my heart beating as fast as it is. Should I be dead with the speed its going? He stares at me, trying to figure out what's going through my mind and shows he comes up short of a conclusion when he asks "Is everything ok?" Is he serious? We're probably going to die in a matter of hours, my mother and Prim will starve to death or die of depression or overdose on my mother's medications, I'll never see any of my friends again and I'm going to die trapped, alone, painfully and unloved and he asks if everything is ok! "You're not unloved and you're never alone." Peeta states. It is at this moment that I realise I've spoken my thoughts aloud at him. It doesn't matter how I said it, it will have been harsh. "I'm sorry; I didn't mean to say that." I mumble. "It's ok. It was a pretty stupid question all things considering." Peeta laughs lightly, managing to draw a small smile on my face. I study the floor as I feel his eyes on me now looking for something but I don't know what. This silence isn't awkward or deafening like before but it seems right, just a moment for me to register what he had responded to me with. "What did you mean?" I ask. "What?" he looks confused. "You said I'm not unloved and I'm never alone. What do you mean by that?" I say. "Oh that. I mean that if you keep those dear to