THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN MEDICINE AND POISON IS IN THE DOSE Author's Warnings : mild violence, language, M/M content, and slightly non-con towards the end of this chapter. oOo Harry Potter and all related content belong to J.K. Rowling; no copyright infringement intended. oOo In the cold light of morning while everyone sleeps, Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy realize that they've spent the entire night in each other's arms. Nothing has ever felt so right. Is there such a thing as too much of a good thing? Chapter One, Passive Aggressive Draco Malfoy stood at the top floor of his apartment building, overlooking the street below. A lit cigarette was held loosely between his lips. There was a heavy mist hanging low over the garden that invaded the rooftop. It hung over the tulips, the calla lilies; the camellias were nearly invisible in the light fog. He inhaled, the nervousness he'd been feeling all morning slowly ebbing away. But not quite. There was an unpleasant knot forming in his stomach as he thought of the job interview he would be attending later that day. He supposed he shouldn't be that nervous. After all, the Malfoy's are notorious in their self-assurance. But lately Draco had come to think that his family name wouldn't get him the respect that it once would. And it was hard. This was the first time since the end of the war that he was actually seeking out employment. He knew how the magical community was going to react to him, seeing as his father was conveniently imprisoned in Azkaban for his previous ties to the Dark Lord. The community had and would naturally assume that Draco had been in league with Him. And Draco couldn't blame them. Their assumptions weren't that far off from the truth… The attention that the Malfoy family had received had been hostile enough during the first few months after the war; the only reason Draco and his mother had gotten away with no arrest was because the Wizarding World's own Golden Boy had stepped in to deny all accusations made towards them. The reasoning behind his defense? Simply put, "They saved my life." How Draco could possibly fit into that statement when all he ever did was try to make the man's life difficult, he could only guess. He hadn't caught sight of the Savior since that fateful day in the courtroom and probably never would. But he figured it had been a good thing in the end, or he wouldn't be standing here to appreciate all that had been lost. And all that remains that way… Draco frowned, tucking away a strand of his light hair that had fallen out of place. He took a long drag, exhaling the smoke slowly from his lips. Given that it's been a two years since that time, Draco was allowing himself the hope that he was no longer in the public's radar. That they'd forgotten who his parents were and who they'd been involved with. A feeling that was not quite excitement formed in his chest, for there was something to be said when his life could be forever changed by the end of the day. Maybe he could start over again. Maybe this was his chance to change his fate, and that of his family. Qualifying for the Auror interview hadn't been easy. The past year had been dedicated to completing the N.E.W.T.'s, which he'd neglected during his last year at Hogwarts. Just a few weeks prior he'd been proud to find out that he'd receive top marks, Outstanding. His mother would've like that. He felt a miniscule smile spreading across his face. The crisp morning air chilled his arms, his long-sleeve shirt not being enough to keep him warm. Habitually, he glanced down at his forearm, traced a finger over the permanent mark that he knew lay just underneath the cotton material, bold against his light skin. The mark that would never fade. "You spend way too much time up here, Drake." Draco glanced over his shoulder. Blaise Zabini walked over, shirtless, coming to a stop close behind him. The other man took the cigarette from between Draco's lips and transferred it over to his own. "What are you doing?" Blaise asked him, blowing a cloud of smoke directly into Draco's face. "Just trying to get away for a bit. Leave me alone for a second will you?" Draco asked, turning his gaze back to the street below. The mist was starting to clear up. He could just make out the tops of people's heads as they strolled down the London sidewalk. Funnily enough, none of the muggles seemed to take notice of Draco's building, as if it wasn't there. "What if I don't want to?" Blaise slid an arm around Draco's waist and pulled him closer, chest to back. "You're never in my bed in the morning, Drake. I'm always wondering where the fuck you've run off to. Gets a bit tiring, don't you think?" Draco didn't answer. Instead, he tried to move away from the breathing on his neck but Blaise wouldn't budge. Draco closed his eyes to keep his annoyance at bay; he'd grown tired of living with the other man. Two and a half years with Blaise Zabini could do that to some people, drive them mad. But Draco hadn't any other choice. He'd moved in just after the death of his mother, an event he tried hard not to dwell for the aching that filled him whenever he did. She'd been unable to face the magical community after the incarceration of his father. The Ministry had broken his family, taken their home, their possessions, everything except for the Malfoy vault which Draco would gladly give up in exchange for his mother to come back to him. Needless to say, Draco had been going through a very difficult time until Blaise had found him wandering aimlessly through muggle London, nursing him slowly back to health. He opened his eyes and tried to pull away again. The cigarette dangled precariously close to the side of his face. Blaise didn't loosen his grip. Instead, he pressed himself against Draco, the bulge in Blaise's pants becoming apparent. "Not right now," Draco said. He heard Blaise huff in irritation before he pushed off of him. Taking one last drag of the cigarette, Blaise twisted it into the soil of one of the potted plants that stood next to the railing. One of the leaves started to smolder. "Fuck you, then," Blaise said, exhaling smoothly. He stepped closer, kissed Draco roughly on the lips before departing through the door at the other end of the roof deck. Draco let out a deep breath and turned to the little ghost flower next to him. He took the crushed cigarette butt, brushing away the ashes from the flower's leaves. oOo There were a few hours to spare before he needed to appear at the Ministry, so Draco allowed himself a walk down the muggle streets. He breathed easy; there was no one around to recognize his face or his name, a welcome relief. This also provided him with some much needed time away from the flat, and from Blaise, who'd become insufferable to him recently. He reached a busy shopping district that he'd never been to, and was just about to turn back and head in a different direction when he spotted someone sitting outside a coffee shop at the other side of the street. He paused. A small jolt of surprise went through him as he recognized the man's features. A thick, unruly head of dark hair. A pair of emerald eyes that were staring down at the table. Merlin, he looks exactly the same. His eyes narrowed to better take in the sight of Harry Potter sitting there reading what looked to be like the Daily Prophet. His mind was surprisingly blank. The days in the courtroom seemed far away, surreal, now that he was staring at the Savior once again. Draco heard sounds of impatience from the people around him—he was blocking the sidewalk. He pushed past them and leaned against the wall of a building, out of the way, and positioned himself to better look at the man who saved him from a life of imprisonment. He found himself with a cigarette between his lips. Draco recalled with a sense of nostalgia, how so many years ago he had met Harry Potter at the robe shop in Diagon Alley. At the time, Potter had been the most offensive looking boy Draco had ever encountered. A boy who had been too short for his age, with hair as black as a raven, sitting on the top of his head like a haphazard halo so unlike Draco's hair, which his mother would slick back without a single misplace strand. Potter had been wearing glasses which were broken and taped together, but the frames couldn't hide the vibrant emerald eyes that lay behind. Curious eyes. So curious about everything. Potter's collarbones had been prominent, sticking out of his worn shirt which hung unattractively around his small body. He'd been everything that Draco was not, but he'd attracted the blond boy's attention all the same. Studying the young man now, Draco could see how much Potter had changed since their school years. Sure he still looked the same, but he was leaner, which was saying something since he'd always been a rather small kid. But the muscles were still apparent through the folds of his clothes, toned from all his years playing Quidditch. His hair was a bit longer, side-parted and covering the tops of his ears. Draco would be lying if he said the look didn't suit him. Potter reached a hand up to adjust his glasses, frowning possibly at one of the articles he'd been reading. Draco waited for it. Waited for the familiar feeling of anger that would surge through him at the sight of Harry Potter. He'd wanted so badly to destroy him…or embrace him. Ever since the trials, those lines seemed to blur in that respect. He'd wanted to make everyone see that Potter wasn't as special as they thought he was. Just a weak half-blood with undeserved fame. Draco scowled and turned back towards his flat. What did he care anyway? That part in his life was over and there was no reason for them to cross paths again. No need to relive those memories. At the other side of the street, Harry Potter frowned deeper. He tore his eyes away from the Daily Prophet in front of him. The hair at the back of his neck was prickling as though he was being watched. Never one to disregard instinct, Harry scanned the lines of people on the street, on the sidewalk. He saw no one familiar however. Only muggles walking from shop to shop, occasionally grazing his table since the sidewalk was so narrow. Normally, he would hate the thought of being somewhere so crowded, but no one knew him here. And that was extremely refreshing. He took a sip of his coffee and turned his attention back to the paper in his hands. Harry had thought that he'd been free of all the publicity following the events at Hogwarts two years ago. It had eventually died down, but today it seemed to have resurfaced much to his dismay. The headline read, clear and bold: Golden Boy's Guaranteed Position at the Department of Magical Law Enforcement Harry folded the paper neatly, hiding the sickening picture of him only hours after the Battle at Hogwarts, and set it aside. He supposed he would have to cut his readings of the Daily Prophet short every morning. Headlines would suffice until they forgot about him again. He stood, newspaper tucked safely under his arm, and walked a few blocks down the street before turning into an empty alley. He double checked over his shoulder to make sure no one was watching,