Bella Swan, a homicide detective for the NYPD, stumbles upon a mystery surrounding the death of a New York senator that leads her to the small town of Forks, Washington where she is almost killed by the infamous Edward Cullen who has evaded capture for the past five years. The law abiding detective and criminal mastermind seem an unlikely pair, but events that force them to work together place them on a path that they can never return from. Appearences of your favorite pairs as well AU/AH/OOC Hello to all my lovely readers! Thank you for delving into my story. The prologue just sets the premise for some things, but there is definitely much more to come! I hope you all enjoy and will continue reading as new chapters are posted. ~Camden Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight Saga or its characters. Those are the property of Stephenie Meyer. "What do you think Emmett?" Alice asked as she twirled around the room in her periwinkle dress. She loved the way the small crystals on the skirt sparkled in the sunlight that filtered through the room. Eight-year-old Alice thought the whole day was turning out to be the most perfect day of her life. A sixteen-year-old Emmett laughed and grabbed her tiny hands to spin her around. "You're the prettiest flower girl I've ever seen," he told his younger sister as he ruffled her perfectly curled hair. "Stop Emmett! Daddy will be so upset if you ruin my hair!" Alice screamed. "God forbid that would happen," Edward Cullen said from them doorway. "Eddie!" Alice cried as she ran to hug her fourteen-year-old brother. "Get off me, Allie!" he said as he pushed her away easily. Alice pouted and Edward relented. "Oh, fine. One hug." "Yay!" Alice launched herself into his arms. She looked up at his golden eyes and smiled. "Can you believe Daddy is getting married?" she asked. "Not really," Edward answered. "I didn't think he'd ever find someone." "But he and Esme are perfect together!" Alice shouted. Both boys looked at each other while Alice started waltzing around the room once more. Unlike them, she was overrun with joy. The two boys liked Esme well enough, but both of them were old enough to remember their real mother while Alice was not. Christina, their birth mother, had died in during childbirth. Carlisle, being a doctor, was heartbroken that he was unable to save her. Both boys thought he would never marry again, yet here they were. Alice continued to spin around the room and bumped into someone in the door way. "Daddy!" she yelled as she jumped into her father's arms. Carlisle Cullen laughed and spun his baby girl around. "You look beautiful, my darling," he said sincerely. "You'll look lovely walking down the aisle. Now, you better go find your Aunt Tanya and get ready. The wedding starts in an hour." "Of course, Daddy." Alice jumped down and ran out of the room towards the front steps leading upstairs to where the bride and the rest of the women in the wedding were getting ready. Carlisle sighed wistfully. Everything was coming together. Alice and the boys would have a mother again, one who already loved them as much as she loved Carlisle. Renee was everything and more than he could have hoped for. After losing his first wife, Christina, he was sure he would never find another woman who could take her place at his side. He was wrong. Esme Anne Platt came into his life fairly abruptly when she was rushed to his hospital after a failed suicide attempt. He was able to save her, and he promised to help her pick up the pieces of her life. She was not very happy at first because after being abandoned by the man who impregnated her, then losing the child, she had lost the will to live. Carlisle helped her find herself again and fell in love with her as a result. It took her a bit longer to learn to trust him, but Carlisle was a patient man. Esme became a new woman with him by her side, and she gladly accepted his hand in marriage three years after they first met in her hospital room. Carlisle was also amazed at how fast she took to his children. Having always wanted a family of her own, Esme was so happy to meet Carlisle's three children and began to treat them like they were her own. Alice loved Esme from the start. Emmett and Edward took some convincing, but they eventually saw how happy she made their father that they had no choice but to allow her into the family. And today was the day. Carlisle turned towards his sons and put a hand on each of their shoulders. "Emmett, Edward," he said, "I want you to know that Esme is in no way replacing your mother. Christina will always be with us. Esme is here now because she loves all of us, and she needs us. And I am so grateful that the two of you are welcoming her into our home." "Of course, Dad," Emmett said while Edward nodded. "Alright then. Let's go wait for the girls." Alice thought the wedding was beautiful. It was held outside on the Cullen's beautiful estate in upstate New York. The backyard had been transformed with beautiful flower archways and hundreds of pristine white chairs. Flower chains had been hung around every tree along with lights and lanterns that had since been lit when the reception started and the sun went down. Alice had been the perfect flower girl as Esme had told her afterwards. The happy couple were dancing in the middle of the throng of other dancers that all seemed to be caught up in the magnificence of the moment. Alice wanted her wedding to be just like this when she grew up. From behind, someone tapped her on the shoulder. She turned to face a beaming Emmett. "Care to have this dance, little sis?" he asked politely extending his hand. Alice giggled and took his hand. "Of course, my giant prince." Emmett chuckled. Even at sixteen, he was already six feet tall and growing. He swung his sister onto the dance floor and started twirling her around in circles. Alice, who hadn't stopped smiling since that morning, bounced around her big brother, her cheeks flushed from all the excitement. "Em, I think Esme must be the happiest girl in the world right now!" she exclaimed. "I don't know, Allie," he said laughing. "You might be just a bit more excited than she is at the moment." Alice beamed and continued to dance with him. Edward watched the pair from his place on the back deck. He preferred to be away from all the noise and people rather than among them like his two siblings who were both social butterflies. He was like Carlisle. More reserved and quiet. He liked to be alone or with just his family. Esme seemed to have a huge heart and loved everyone who came into her life. Things would change around here after today, and Edward wasn't sure how much he would like it. At least she made his father happy though, and that was really all that mattered. The wedding reception lingered on for a few more hours. Alice had fallen asleep in Emmett's lap about an hour ago and one of Carlisle's good friends, Charlie Swan, was spinning around madly on the dance floor having drunk far too much. Edward walked over to sit next to Emmett and his sleeping sister. "I don't blame him, you know," Edward said quietly to his brother waving his hand towards Mr. Swan. "I heard Dad talking the other day. Apparently his wife up and left him and took their kid with her." Emmett shook his head. "It's a shame. When did they meet again?" "Who? Dad and Mr. Swan? It was when Dad visited all those hospitals around the country trying to find new ways to revolutionize the medical industry or whatever he called it. I don't know what happened exactly, but he did Charlie a favor and the two became friends during his visit there." "Where's he live?" "Some small town in Washington." Emmett frowned. "He came all the way across the country for Dad's wedding? Must've saved Mr. Swan's life or something." "That or Mr. Swan wanted to get away," Edward murmured. Emmett nodded solemnly. Carlisle finally made his way over to his children as many of the guests began to depart. "Looks like someone had a little too much fun," he chuckled taking Alice out of Emmett's arms. Esme came over and grasped her husband's arm. "She's such a dear. And so full of spirit. I can put her in bed, Carlisle, while you let them know who will be watching them," she said gesturing to the boys. "Of course, my darling wife." "Dad, I thought you said Aunt Tanya was going to stay with us?" Edward asked suspiciously. Carlisle sighed. "It seems she has to go back to Alaska immediately. Your cousin, Irina, has gotten into some trouble and your aunt has to go back to help her." "What sort of trouble?" Emmett asked. "Nothing to worry you about." Carlisle brushed it aside. "Charlie Swan is going to be watching you while Esme and I go on our honeymoon. I know you don't know him, but he owes me a favor and he's the best I can do on such short notice." "Are you insane?" Edward asked annoyed. "He's completely drunk!" Carlisle pursed his lips. "At the moment, yes, he is, but I'll have Ellen stay the night with you all, and Charlie can take over in the morning." Ellen was one of the nurses who worked with Carlisle in the hospital. "But Dad, he-" Edward started. "Not buts, Edward," Carlisle said sternly. "I trust Charlie with my life, and my mind has already been made up. He'll be sober by tomorrow, and I've warned him not to drink while we're away." Edward stomped his foot and walked into the house slamming the door behind him. Emmett stood up and addressed Carlisle. "I'll make sure he doesn't do anything stupid this week," he said to his father before walking in after Edward. Carlisle sighed and took Emmett's vacated chair. If only Tanya would have stayed, he wouldn't have worried over his children. Esme came out and joined him. She looked absolutely beautiful in her wedding dress. It suited her perfectly hugging each curve with a swath of white silk and lace. She sat down on her new husband's lap and kissed him softly. "Don't worry about Edward," she said. "Alice and Emmett will watch out for them and Charlie will step up now that he has three kids to look after for a week." "I know, but it's my job to worry." Esme pouted. "One week devoted to us. That's all I ask." "And I shall give it to you, my dear," Carlisle said as he swooped her up in his arms. They walked to the front of the house where a white limousine parked waiting for the happy couple. Ellen waved at them from the front porch. "Have fun! And don't worry, I'll take good care of them, Carlisle! I'll check on them and Charlie every day!" Carlisle waved his hand as a thank you, and the two of them departed for the airport. Edward watched from an upstairs window and pounded the glass with his fist. Of all the people his father could leave them with, he had to choose the drunken fool who had never met them until today. Charlie was downstairs passed out on the couch. At least Ellen was there for tonight anyways. Edward stared grumpily out the window for a while longer. He watched as cars passed by on the small street beyond the stone wall that separated their home from the