This story was originally written for the February 2008 Teitho Contest under a different pen name. The Foothills of Carn Dûm The world was dark, and cold. This far to the north winter always lingered in the air. Far above the cracked and barren ground the stars hung frozen, their light dimmed and drawn close in, stunted by the chill. Much as Aragorn knew his companions were huddled, hunkered amidst their shared cloaks, pressed shoulder to shoulder for the warmth of it. They dared not start a fire, the light of which could be seen for miles around in these open, desolate lands. That decision, however uncomfortable for his fellow rangers, was more than simple precaution. Rather it was honest fact, as evidenced by the flickering glow that Aragorn was swiftly yet silently tracking back to its source. One thousand yards. Sloping ever so gently down, large swatches of stone exposed through dusty, peaty ground. Flesh scraped over raw by the harsh, relentless winds. He pulled his cloak in tighter at the neck, drawing the hood closer down over his forehead. Hands fisted on the inside, feet pounding in urgent almost-silence. Stealth was key, but so too was keeping warm. Especially his fingers. He would have great need of them, before the end. Seven hundred yards. A shallow, yawning valley, withered rock formations jutting out above the spindly thickets of heather and gorse and broom, flickering slightly red in the distant firelight. Bones of the earth protruding through its broken skin. The brambles caught and pulled, scratched and tore as he passed by, traitorously slowing his pace. It had been a great many years since he'd actually wished himself an elf; a child's folly long outgrown. He indulged it again, fleetingly, as the crunch twigs underfoot echoed all too loudly in his ears. Four hundred yards. The lazily sloping hill a treacherous bed of loose gravel drenched in shadow. He scrambled, swift and agile; prowled right up to the crest of it, hands and knees and boots, small clouds of dust billowing out behind him only to be swallowed by the gloom. He flexed his hands, mindful of the dust caked into the lines of his palms and packed down beneath his fingernails. It would serve him, he decided. His hands needed to be strong and sure, and the chalk would help his grip. One hundred yards. Down on his belly, slithering forward; elbows and toes and shimmying hips. Cloak abandoned out of necessity, vision half-masked by low shrub grass and sickly yellow flowers. They stank of rot, their vibrant colors bleached like bone, the last evidence of a long-ago decay. It reminded him of the Morgul Vale, of the warped and twisted beauty of that land, and the cloying sweetness that dogged the air and all but hid the stench of death. Aragorn stoked the memory, unearthed it from where it had been buried deep, spit and polished until it shone brightly in his mind's eye. Some things he hated to remember. Sometimes he didn't have a choice. The fire was indulgent once he saw it up close. It was as though those who made it didn't care to stay hidden. Or perhaps they thought that none would have been around to see it anyway. Aragorn didn't give the matter much thought beyond measuring the direction of the wind in the drifting smoke, or the three men lounging fat and sated by its supple heat. They couldn't have been keeping watch, he decided. Not with their backs to the world at large, the firelight destroying their night-vision. On the other hand though, it was more likely that they could very well be watching out and were simply, spectacularly, incompetent. Good. All the better for him. Three men by the fire, another two outside the door to the primitive stone hut, one walking a silent perimeter. Six in total, and Aragorn frowned. That couldn't be right. It would take more than six men to subdue the Mirkwood Prince, or at least to hold him captive for so long. Though, of course, this little band of outlaws could once have numbered much higher, as the one long Elven dagger that they'd found had been mired in dried blood. Dull, listless, brownish blood. Mannish blood. How many had it taken, then, to finally bring Legolas down? Some distant part of him hoped it had been many. For two long hours Aragorn stalked the perimeter of their camp, drifting through their watch soft and swift, the shadow of a ghost. He studied them, learned their movements, mapped their routes, timed the rotation of their guard. He sat back, wringing his hands as much to keep them warm as to alleviate his frustration and staunch the need to act. This was not his first rescue mission, nor his second or his tenth, and long had he been witness to the treatment of prisoners at the hands of their captors. What had these men done to Legolas, he with his fiery spirit, his indomitable will? He would not have cowed to them, would not have bent an inch in supplication. Aragorn knew this for truth—knew of it first hand—but those memories provided little comfort now, in the cold and the dark and the insufferable waiting, as his mind saw fit to torment him with visions of what those men had likely done to Legolas, so fair of face and sweet of voice. What could they be doing even now inside that horrid little prison, to a warrior that would never give his enemies the satisfaction of a single sound, while his salvation sat back on its heels, biding its time? Aragorn could only guess. And guess he did; a cold, unfeeling litany of horrors roiling through his mind. The sights, the sounds, the memories, the imaginings all pounded at his soul, the hammer in the forge of his will bending his heart into submission. He needed his head for this, and his hands and his feet and his gut. His heart, he knew, would only get in the way. At last he judged it time to act, for surely there was nothing new for him to learn. Aragorn waited until the perimeter sentry had reached the farthest distance from the fire—amateurish, he thought, to patrol such a wide space all alone—and then he made his move. From whence he hid he darted out, fast and lethal, a viper in his strike. Half a heartbeat was all it took as he wrapped the man up from behind, one hand flying to the sentry's shoulder, the other to his chin. So close he smelled his victim's sweat, caught the startled, strangled gasp, then one strong yank — CRACK! —and it was done. A quick and bloodless way to kill a man, not unlike a hanging. The vertebrae snapped quick and clean between his hands. Cervical vertebrae, his mind supplied. There were seven of them, small and delicate, trailing down from the base of the skull, forming the top of the spine. Atlas to Axis to three, four, five, and six that Elrond named in Quenyan numerals— Quenyan for the cervicals, because they're high —and what on earth was the seventh one called? Damned if he could remember, now. Damned if he should waste time trying. Aragorn dragged the body back; hid it behind an outcropping of rock after divesting it of a cutthroat dagger, which he slipped between his belt. He flexed his fingers, shook his arms out as though to fling off the taint of death that soiled him like mud. Then he gave it no further thought, not in that moment, not when there was work still to be done. He slunk through the shadows; crept all the way to the far side of the fire. From there he ducked down, out of site, into a scratchy little thicket. The six men—five now, he amended—had four horses split between them, all tacked up to a rickety hitching post. In one hand Aragorn palmed his borrowed dagger, in the other a fist-sized stone. It was time for a diversion. The dagger flew with wicked aim and sliced straight through the hitching rope. The stone followed on its heels and pelted the nearest horse's flank. It reared back with a great cry, only to find it had its head, and it danced in place for just a moment before bolting off into the night. The door wardens cried out in alarm, rousing their companions by the fire, yet when one horse spooks the rest are sure to follow. Three more hasty rocks flung out over grimaced Elven-tongued apologies ensured a small stampede. The three men by the fire tore off after them, barking orders and obscenities in their harsh, guttural speech. It was Westron, if you listened closely, but Aragorn didn't listen at all. He couldn't chance hearing them for what they were, not with Legolas's life hanging in the balance. Just two men, now. The door wardens who stood between him and the Mirkwood Prince. They fidgeted, twitchy, uncertain in the insufferable dark. It was always blackest when you found yourself alone. Or, perhaps, it was the fear that the opposite was true, and they sensed that danger was all too near. Aragorn was familiar with both extremes and much more so than he would have ever cared to be. It was far too human a thing, to sit a lonely watch and not take any comfort in the stars. Aragorn withdrew his own dagger from its sheath at his boot. He wouldn't— couldn't —think on such things now. His cards had all been played, and time was running out. He took a moment to gauge his aim because this had to hit just right. It wasn't that he was afraid of missing, no. He knew he wouldn't miss. Rather he was afraid of striking true, but there was nothing for it so he let the dagger fly, and was off and running before it really left his hand. Sixty paces, give or take, between his foxhole and the door. Old Stick-at-Naught Strider they called him in Bree, derision overwhelming any lingering fear because never had he drawn his sword on any of them and so then how then could he be counted dangerous? His mark stumbled back into the door from the force of the dagger digging in, the dull thump of flesh impacting wood the only sound. Oh there might have been a whisper, some slight murmur of noise coughed out by the dying man, before his own blood sealed off the vacuum of his lungs. The dagger hit him just above the notch in his throat, below the larynx, severing the top of the trachea. Aragorn watched the blood gush around the blade and out of his mouth, then through his nose as he aspirated it. Finally reduced to choking gasps and gurgles, viscous bubbles popping over the wound. A brutal, ugly death. More asphyxiation than exsanguination. Sixty paces. Strider crossed them before his victim failed to breathe his last. Ah, but there was another man. The door warden had his partner. Aragorn ignored his panicked cries, his shouts for his companions. Instead he kept his eyes on how the warden moved, how he dropped to his knees without any grace to bend in desperation over his fallen comrade. He was young; untested, untried, untrained. He didn't even move to staunch the bleeding. Rather he grabbed his friend's shoulders and shook, words tumbling from him in a rush. Amateurs , Aragorn thought again, the word half-formed on his lips, a hard and vicious snarl. Had he dared, he would have cursed these brigands in every tongue he knew for throwing children into his path—for how easily he could have chosen a different target! Left or right, a mental coin toss, and he'd have buried his knife hilt-deep in a throat that likely hadn't seen its first shave. But a curse would have given