This story was originally written for the November 2006 Teitho Contest under a different pen name. Fall, TA 3002 He should have listened to Legolas. His latest adventure with the Prince of Mirkwood had left him feeling a little under the weather, and his best friend had wanted him to stay on in Thranduil's Realm for another few nights at least, claiming that the recent turn of colder weather would only exacerbate his illness. Aragorn had of course insisted that, at the esteemed age of seventy-one and as a healer in his own right, he did not need Legolas on hand to mother him through a simple cold. Legolas had reservations (Aragorn often felt that the elf still viewed him as the child he had once been instead of the man he was now), but the argument that he would, for once, actually take the time to rest in Imladris finally won out. Thus Aragorn departed the Woodland Realm on a bright, sunny day beneath a clear blue sky, and despite his sniffles his spirits were high. That night, it rained. He knew he should have listened to Legolas. The gentle spring shower had cleared in time for the next morning's frost, but the rains came back the following night, and stayed with him until he reached the western borders of the forest. (The fact that Aragorn had ridden hard and fast to try and escape the storms had helped greatly in that regard. However, it also meant that the ranger had enjoyed precious little sleep during that particular leg of his journey.) So it was a bright, clear day, if a bit cold, when Aragorn eventually crossed the Anduin at the Old Ford, and his gear had mostly dried by the time he made camp in the foothills of the Misty Mountains, just before the entrance to the High Pass. Then, it snowed. Pride be damned, he honestly should have listened to Legolas. Winter came early in the Misty Mountains, especially in the north, and the first serious snowfall of the season followed Aragorn with the same nagging consistency of Mirkwood's rains. The only positive side to the wretched weather was that it kept the goblins at bay, for not even their ilk would venture forth from their dens in such storms. Aragorn found that he cared little for such small mercies, however, as he and his mare found themselves enmeshed in an epic struggle against an even deadlier foe — the elements. By the time they at last descended into Eriador Aragorn was shivering, coughing, sneezing, and most likely (he guessed) running a fever — not that he could feel it through the aching numbness left by the cold. The first time Aragorn made camp on ground he hadn't needed to dig to find, he could not for the life of him coax a fire from the wet timber. The snows on the mountains had been chilling rains down in the lower elevations, and everything was cold and wet. This suited him rather wall, Aragorn mused dejectedly, because by then he possessed not a scrap of dry cloth — not even lining the insides of his traveling packs, which was less of a care for his dwindling food supply but spelled disaster for his cache of herbs and bandages. Seeing how both he and his mare were exhausted from gingerly picking their way through the ever-increasing drifts and with little rest along the way (as stopping during mountain storms often equated consent to being buried alive), Aragorn decided he didn't have the energy or the concentration to hunt for game, and so he resigned himself to a meager dinner of soggy Lembas. Then, being too exhausted to find a suitable campsite and too sick to care, he wrapped his soggy cloak about his equally soggy shoulders, and reclined against the rough, damp trunk of an ancient beech tree. Just in time for a drizzle to set in. As the beech did its honest (if inadequate) best to shield him from the rain, Aragorn grumbled aloud that he really ought to have listened to Legolas. Aragorn had hoped to stay awake for at least part of the night, keeping a lonely watch, but alas, his body had other plans. Instead, he drifted into a fitful sleep; the miserable conditions kept him teetering on the brink of wakefulness when the fever would have pulled him down into the deepest depths of oblivion. In this foggy, un-restful near-slumber, Aragorn dreamed. He dreamed of a warm bed, a warm fire, and warm arms holding him close. The dream was so inviting that his heart was loath to leave it, even when his mind fought for the return to wakefulness, for it was a dream of Arwen and so was the only peace was apt to find along his lonely road. Aragorn finally woke to a loud clap of thunder, and subsequently found himself sitting in a mud puddle. He swore loudly and long, cursing the weather and a random assortment of Valar in seven languages — Manwë for the storm front, Yavanna for the inadequate cover (which suddenly became a lot more inadequate when the beech tree overheard him), and even Vána the Everyoung, just for being so damned cheerful in all her portraits. When Aragorn finally hauled himself to standing — tripped over an exposed beech root — dragged himself up again, his very next thought was that, perhaps, calling the wife of Oromë the Huntsman a useless prattling gardener, in old Telerin, was not exactly the brightest thing to do. For now, the woods had eyes. Slowly, cautiously, Aragorn reached for his bow and quiver. The howling wind was not so much howling now as growling and Aragorn shivered — and not at all from the cold. The pack had managed to surround him while he slept. He did not know how many there were, but he counted at least three sets of sickly, yellow eyes glowing in the rain-swept gloom. That meant wargs. Why oh why hadn't he listened to Legolas? When the first warg leapt Aragorn was ready, and a well-placed arrow felled the beast long before it reached him. The second warg sprung at him a moment later, however, and it drew close enough for Aragorn to get a nosefull of its foul breath before his arrow pierced its heart. The third warg he didn't even see. One moment he was readying his bow again, and the next, he was lying face down in the mud. The evil beast had leapt at him from behind, knocking him forward. Now it stood on his back, biting and tearing, searching for the sweet, tender flesh that surely lay just below the soggy coverings. Unfortunately for the warg, it chose to take a choice bite out of Aragorn's quiver. Unfortunately for Aragorn, it snapped all that remained of his arrows in one fell crunch. The warg howled in rage, and its momentary distraction was all Aragorn needed. He managed to free his trusty boot dagger from its sheath at his ankle and, with an awkward slashing arc above and behind his head, bury the blade in some unseen part of the warg's anatomy. The beast roared and gave up its hard-earned ground atop Aragorn's back. This enabled the ranger to swiftly (ish) shimmy (splash) away. He shot to his feet and scrambled for his sword. When the warg leapt at him again, its own forward momentum did Aragorn's work for him. The warg's great, keening cry sent a spray of spittle into Aragorn's face before it tumbled to the side, its weight wrenching the sword out of the ranger's trembling hands. As Aragorn stood, shaky yet victorious above the carcasses of his enemies, the growling wind slowly died away. The rest of the pack obviously though better of attacking their chosen pray. With a weary groan, Aragorn stooped to retrieve his sword. He wiped the blade clean on the warg's mangy coat, and then did the same for his dagger. Then he retrieved his bow, and paid a fond farewell to his fallen quiver. He knew that he would need to leave at once, before the wargs regrouped and decided to try again. He hoped that if he left, the fell creatures would choose the flesh of their own fallen to sate their hunger this night, instead of his own still-living hide. That's when he noticed his horse had run off without him. At this point, he couldn't even remember why he hadn't just listened to Legolas. There was nothing else for it. Aragorn had no choice now but to walk. Imladris was at least three days away by foot, and more if the weather continued to hinder him — which Aragorn had every confidence that it would, considering the nature of his luck these days. At least, in his exhaustion, he hadn't bothered with setting up a proper camp, so with his weapons gathered there was nothing left for him to pack. He would be grieved to lose his saddle — he had only just broken it in — but with his packs slung across his back and now injured on top of ill there was no way he could take it with him. Perhaps he could return for it later? If the leather didn't disintegrate from the rains before he remembered to do so. Feeling more miserable than he ever remembered feeling before (an impressive statement, to be sure) Aragorn shouldered his pack, repositioned his now relatively useless bow (given that he no longer had any arrows to shoot with it), made sure his sword was secure at his hip, and set off on the long, rocky, hilly, winding road home, coughing, sniffling, sneezing, and cursing as he went. If he'd been more in his right mind, it would have occurred to him that a company of orcs employed more stealth than he was currently using, but then, if he'd been more in his right mind, he would have reasoned that his mare would run straight to Imladris, which would spark a search party for her errant rider, and so otherwise he wouldn't have been interested in stealth anyway because he wanted nothing more in that moment than to be found and offered a ride home in the safe company of his father's soldiers — even the unfriendly ones. Aragorn didn't know how much time had passed, only that it was now light out (or barely so, given the low, threatening clouds), and that he'd been walking for longer than he remembered ever having walked before, and for one also known by the moniker of 'Strider', that certainly was saying something. Mostly about his deteriorating health. As each shuffling step sent sharp spikes of pain through his shoulder and down his spine, thoughts of Legolas tormented him with every ragged breath, poking at his mind like an impatient child in tune with the staccato hammer-strikes inside his skull. Legolas had been right. He had been a fool. Legolas had offered good advice. He had been stubborn and prideful. Why had he been so insistent that he leave immediately? He missed his home and family, true, but what had made the thought of a few days' convalescence in Mirkwood so unappealing? Aragorn liked Mirkwood, or at least the parts where elves lived, and Legolas was his best friend. Why then had he been so keen to leave? Whatever his reasoning it had long since escaped him, and trying to recall it now was an aggravating pastime, but at least it kept him alert enough to put one foot in front of the other. And so Aragorn's ailing memory helped to haul his ailing body along the road. If he did not rest until he had the answer, then surely he would not falter until he reached Imladris. To his weary, fevered mind, it was a good plan. Fortunately, the Valar were in a forgiving mood. It had grown dark