This story was originally written for the September 2006 Teitho Contest under a different pen name. It had been a good trip, Legolas mused. The Dúnedain were now well provisioned for the coming winter — which had been the original purpose of this sojourn — and not a few orcs had met their demise along the way — which was a favorable outcome for the inevitabilities that came with traveling in Estel's company. The elf wanted to shake his head at that. Somehow his human friend always managed to drag him into — and occasionally out of — the most precarious predicaments imaginable. A trait, he surmised, which definitely ran in the man's adoptive family. With that thought, the urge to shake his head deflated down into the urge to sigh, which was not so easily stifled. They were still a good day's ride from the marches of Rivendell where the twins were currently occupied with the defense of their homeland, and Legolas sorely missed their presence now. It had been a good trip, most assuredly. A month spent in Estel's company was worth any given year without him — Legolas had endured enough of each that he could honestly attest to such — and the Dúnedain were not so bad for companionship, come to that, or to have your back in a fight. That and the earnest friendship and loyalty they showed Estel, a man who did not make friends easily, made them worth their weight in methril in the Prince's eye. Another sigh was barely suppressed as Legolas lamented that they should not have allowed their chieftain to refuse an escort. If they hadn't, this good trip might not have so rapidly deteriorated. "Either your purses or your persons will be going no further." A large, lumbering brute of a man stood in the center of the road, not twenty paces ahead, one hand resting on the hilt of an enormous broadsword that hung loosely from a ratty leather baldric. The other hand was firmly and arrogantly planted on his hip as he stared down at the two weary travelers with a condescending sneer. There had been no overt warnings of danger. Or at least, not the kind associated with a waiting ambush. But then, these men did not carry the pervasive miasma of evil associated with true servants of the Enemy and the spot they chose to lie in wait was ironically ideal for their purposes. By the time his Elven senses alerted him to the dangers ahead — only a hair's breadth ahead of Estel's own uncanny abilities — or uncanny for a human, at least — Legolas had little time to do more than hiss a Gray-tongued warning to his friend whilst readying his bow. The tension of the taut bowstring had the arrow thrumming in the Prince's steady hands, and his keen sight had already spotted numerous targets to choose from. Therein, of course, lay the danger. The brigands had chosen their positions well. Four of them had awkward but effective perches in the trees ahead, far enough apart that by focusing on one Legolas could easily lose track of the others; and even if the Prince managed to fell one opponent before said human could loose his own bow, that still left three enemy arrows to whistle on their deadly paths from converging points that could make dodging difficult, even for an elf. Oh, he could always scramble for cover behind the horses, but the thought of using their faithful companions so rather turned his stomach. He would much rather they flee to safety. And then there was Estel to consider. The two friends had been walking, leisurely leading their horses in efforts to stretch their legs a bit (and to delay the inevitable return to Rivendell and their subsequent separation as long as possible), and so Estel had been caught sadly out of reach of his own bow. It was currently keeping good company with the ranger's quiver, safely secured to his saddle. Legolas chanced a glance at his human friend and noted with some surprise that, while Estel had loosened the sword at his hip, he'd made no move to bring it to bear. In fact, he didn't even have a hand resting on its hilt, which very nearly caused the Prince's eyebrows to shoot to his hairline. Estel's hand would often drift to his sword hilt in times of tension or unease, an unconscious gesture and the only physical representation of emotions his friend had otherwise carefully schooled away. Legolas knew the ranger to be a pragmatist in the face of danger and this seemingly lackadaisical display had him both confused and worried. Of course, while five-on-two odds were far from favorable, together he and Estel had beaten worse. Yet Estel was hardly prone to bouts of arrogance, and he never downplayed the severity of their trademark precarious predicaments — excepting of course during the inevitable explanations to their respective fathers. Why then had his friend chosen restraint? Surely he knew — and better than most — that five men were far more dangerous than five orcs or even ten. That's not to say that an orc was anything less than a deadly foe, but a man turned to evil ways was his own master. Far more intelligent than true servants of the Enemy and possessed of desire's subtleties rather than the single-mindedness of evil, Legolas had learned with painful alacrity not to underestimate the race of men — especially not across drawn swords. Yet to the Prince's dismay, Estel did not seem inclined to heed the considerable danger he knew the man knew they were facing. Rather the ranger simply stood there, his relaxed posture counterpoint to his companion's tense readiness, his inscrutable expression a mere shadow of the hardened mask he typically wore into battle — the mask Legolas had expected to find him wearing now. Far from comforted by his split-second survey of Estel, Legolas returned his attention to the man in front of him, his fingers itching to release his arrow and better their odds. His hatred for the evils to which the race of men could aspire normally stayed locked in the deepest dungeons of his heart, but now he felt the old flames kindling anew. Not even Estel's friendship, blinding beacon that it was, had managed to assuage those old hurts completely; but then, as the silmaril that bore his namesake lent hope to night time's darkness rather than conquering it, Estel was a promise for the future and not a cure for the past. Some wounds never healed whilst the scars of them remained. Legolas's grip on the notched arrow tightened. The longer the moment stretched the more he feared that it would outlast his patience. In dealing with the race of men he'd always defaulted to Estel's lead, but his emotions were simmering beneath the mounting tension and when they boiled over he knew that they would carry the coppery crimson of edain blood. While he would readily kill them all to safeguard Estel's life, he knew the pleasure he would take from doing so would not be for Estel's sake — nay, not even for Aragorn's — and that path paved the way to a dangerous road, one that he was intimately familiar with. One that Estel had saved him from. His grip on the arrow tightened. He would not place his friend's life in jeopardy by taking the initiative. Just as Legolas felt the calmness of purpose settling on his shoulders Estel answered the challenge. With sure, deliberate movements he reached up with his left hand and tore his purse from his belt. While Elven — and ergo Dúnedain — society centered around barter and trade, only silver bought a room at an inn in a human village and so Estel always carried a little money on him when he traveled the wilds. Legolas watched with barely restrained amazement as Estel tossed his purse to the brigand rather nonchalantly, another startling surprise. It was far from his friend's nature to willingly toe a line set by his enemies, and doubly so if Estel was truly suffering from overconfidence. Confusion outpaced the Prince's worry for the moment — Estel's actions didn't make sense. The brigand seemed just as surprised to find his quarry so cooperative because his eyes widened considerably as he bobbled his catch. Nevertheless, he swiftly loosened the drawstring, allowing the meager contents of the purse to spill onto his large palm. "Is this it?" he asked incredulously. "Three silver pieces and five coppers?" Legolas's gaze flicked back to Estel, who brought his hands up slowly in a warding gesture. While he would have much rather seen the man bring up his sword, the Prince had to admit there was wisdom in deliberately appearing as non-threatening as possible in a parley — and then suddenly the tumblers clicked. So that was the plan, then. The odds that Estel could talk their way out of the impending skirmish were dubious at best, but at least the Prince was assured that his friend hadn't taken complete leave of his senses. "That is all I have," Estel assured the brigand in an honest, placating tone. "And what about your pretty friend there?" the man sneered, his head jerking roughly towards Legolas. "Elves have no use for coinage," Estel explained with perfect patience. "All our money is in your hands already." The brigand seemed to smile then, or at least he bared his teeth. "'Ts not what I heard. Everyone knows how those pointy-ears of the dark wood covet their gold." "But they do not carry it with them," Estel pointed out, quite reasonably in fact. Then the corners of his mouth turned up to flirt with a condescending smirk. "All their gold is locked inside King Thranduil's stone fortress. We could give you directions if you like, but I doubt you'd have much success." Under any other circumstances Legolas might have laughed. When he was of the mind to use it, Estel had a tongue that could flay even a dwarf to ribbons. Yet the laugher was stemmed by mental whiplash as his friend suddenly switched from gentle supplications to outright taunts. Granted the man's moods leaned towards the mercurial, but it took a special breed of fool to show a flippant disregard for your enemy when they held all the cards. Though perhaps, Legolas reflected, that was the point. But then, what was Estel playing at? The brigand sneered again, as though it was the only expression he was truly capable of. "Well that's a right shame then," he insinuated, the words dripping from his tongue. "Three and five won't buy one life, and there you are trying for two." Legolas likened the subtle shift in Estel's posture to a tree that stiffens before a gale, with branches ready to bend but roots that had reasserted themselves and would not budge. He watched as his friend's hands slowly came together to steeple before his chest. Estel's expression could have been considered thoughtful but this new tension undercut it, though only those who knew his friend best would have been able to spot it — and the Prince was grateful. Whatever the game had been, Estel had just abandoned it. Words were about to be replaced by actions and the Prince's muscles were as taut as his bowstring in anticipation. "You have our money," Estel informed the man, his conversational tone betrayed by the hard glint Legolas saw shining behind his friend's eyes. "By your own words, now let us pass." "Didn't you hear me?" the brigand balked, condescendingly incredulous. "I said you don't have the proper coin to bargain for your lives." "And our deaths won't change that," Estel countered evenly, and Legolas felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. Even though Estel's hands had remained in their relaxed, non-threatening position, the Prince's emotional weather-sense was