A/N: Thank you to the wonderful distant millennial for beta-reading this, my friends Greta and Marshall for supporting me, and everyone who's taken the time to read this. :) This story is NOT abandoned. I've just finished revising chapter 3. I've also edited chapter 1 about a thousand times, probably, whether for grammar mistakes, Americanisms, or coherency. Also note that I've made some major changes to the story since this was first posted. (Most recent edit: 3 April 2017) Warnings: Depression, emotional infidelity, and generally just a lot of angst. There were certain things in life Hermione had seen over and over again. Some of those things, like birthdays, weddings, or children, she'd seen in different places, with different people, on different faces. The rest kept happening in the exact same way. The birthdays and weddings and children were a line of houses that all looked the same. She could count them. She could have even told them apart if she'd wanted to. The time she'd spent bent over paper, writing music was a single house that kept moving. That time seemed like separate memories - separate houses, but it wasn't. Music had been a part of her life since she'd been little. She couldn't remember what exactly had led her to it in the first place, though. It could've been her father's dreadful but constant singing. It could've been her mother's lullabies. It could have been how regal she'd felt whenever the skirt of her favorite pink dress would drape prettily across the piano bench. It could have been the fact that music, unlike any other art, had a definite structure – had objective rights and wrongs – and yet the world never seemed to run out of rights. It'd probably started when her aunt had bought her a viola for her tenth birthday, though. She still used that same viola after all these years, partly because of its sentimental value, but mostly because she couldn't afford a new one. It was far too small for her now, and the strings needed badly to be replaced; the wooden surface was lined with scratches from being dropped so many times, and she was fairly certain there was something stuck inside - the thing had been rattling for months. And Hermione loved it. Loved that stupid piece of rubbish. She traced an ink-stained finger over the paper she'd propped up against the piano, running it along each note. They were mostly neat, save for a few scraggly lines. She'd scribbled down a melody earlier. Four bars. Alto clef. B-flat major. She wasn't sure why she bothered, though. It wasn't like anyone besides Ron was going to read her music, and she never played any of her songs again after composing them. She always folded them up and tucked them between the pages of books. They were organised by key. Every key was assigned to a different book. B-flat major compositions were put in Gulliver's Travels. She stretched, lifting one hand in the air and placing the other on her neck. Her back was aching. How long had she been sitting there? She reckoned she could use a break. She sat up, pacing back and forth through the kitchen, looking at the clock every few seconds. She drummed her fingers on the counter. She peered out the window. She looked at the clock again. She kept pacing for a good ten minutes, before she heard the low hum of an engine outside, shortly followed by the light click of a door opening. With that, Hermione straightened out her skirt and headed to the foyer, only stopping to check her dress—and the white fleece cardigan she probably should have taken off—for any ink spots. When she reached a familiar gangly figure, she couldn't help but to stop in her tracks. He looked tired. Sedated, even. His face was red. This was the fourth time this week he'd come home crying. The who-knows-what-th time in the past few months. She placed a hand on his cheek. A wet cheek. "Ron...are you—?" No, he obviously wasn't okay. "What's the matter?" she asked instead. He took in a deep breath before running fingers through his obnoxiously orange hair. "It's—don't worry, it's nothing," he insisted, gently pushing her hand away. I think I'm just coming down with something." No, he wasn't. She wanted to ask him if he thought she was daft - if he truly thought he could fool her with that. But she put her pride aside and pretended, just this once, that, sure, okay, he was sick. If he tried that again, though… He wasn't looking at her - just staring at the floor. Had he looked her in the eye once since he walked through the door? Her hand moved from his cheek to his shoulder, and her eyes stayed locked on him. He finally looked up at her. "Really, I'm fine." He must have picked up on her doubt, because he added a soft smile at the last second. She still didn't believe a word of it. Not for a minute. Why couldn't he just let her help him? "You've got ink on your hands," he noted, reaching for one. "Oh, er—yeah, I was just writing…" she trailed off. He cupped her face this time. It made her want to cry with him. "Show me." But she just took his hand and led him to the piano. "The one on the left is - " Ron sniffed. Hermione felt her skirt and curls twirl as she swiveled on her bare feet, furrowing her brows. He shrugged at her as if to say "See? I'm definitely sick." "Should...should I run by the chemist's and get you some medicine?" He wouldn't let her comfort him, but she would find a way to help him, or at least pretend she was helping. Some way to show him she cared. "Yeah, sure." No smile. No eyes. Nothing. She headed back towards the front door to grab her coat off the rack, and as she slipped on her mary janes, she heard his footsteps trailing behind her. She spun around, raising her eyebrows in a silent question. Ron crept closer toward her, wrapping her in a hug and kissing her forehead. This, too, made her want to cry. Before pulling away, he said, "You're too good to me." The town centre wasn't too far from Ron and Hermione's house, no more than two blocks away. All kinds of shops lined the streets - boutiques, bakeries, butcher shops. It wasn't that late, but it was dark enough so that the insides of the shops were brighter than it was outside, and the honey-coloured light that leaked out into the blue evening made Hermione's heart float. As she walked along the pavement, she peeked into some of the display windows, eying flashy jewellry and blinding-white wedding dresses, when she heard a series of 'oohs' and 'aahs' coming from nearby. She spun on her toes to find the source of the noise. There was a small crowd gathered around a young man. He didn't seem to be doing anything spectacular, but, then again, she couldn't quite see from where she was standing. So she moved closer. The first thing she noticed was how young he looked. He had a rosy complexion; colour dusted across the protruding places in his face - his cheeks, his nose, his chin were all pink, and it made the bit of fringe poking out of his cap look ever whiter than it would've on its own. He wasn't a particularly large man. His oversized trousers - held up by braces - seemed to be wearing him. He had a cigarette tucked between his lips, and it muffled the words she wasn't listening to. It was lit, a twirling line of smoke streaming out from its tip, but he didn't seem to be smoking it at the moment. He was simply holding it there. He asked a fair-skinned woman to open her hand. She revealed a small yellow ball, which had the audience whispering amongst themselves through their applause, as some of them reached out to toss coins in a little tin cup by the blond man's feet. Hermione had missed most of the performance - didn't even know what they were so impressed by, really, but she found herself clapping along. Then he looked straight at her, as if he could hear every set of hands in an applause, as if he was familiar with each pair, as if he could recognize a newcomer just by the sound of their palms beating together. The blond man proceeded to pull an apple out of a satchel lying on the pavement and showed it to the crowd, dramatically gesturing towards it with his free hand. He then offered the apple to Hermione, bowing towards her. "Miss, would you take a look at this for me? Feel around it," he said. So she did, running her fingers across its smooth green surface, looking for any poked holes or hollowed out spaces. "Is there anything off about it?" he asked. The stem was missing. "No," she said with a polite smile, "I don't think so." He thanked her as she handed it back to him. His fingers practically danced around the object, extravagantly flipping it over and tracing circles around its curves. "No, I don't think so, either." He sounded serious, but she swear she caught a small smirk on his face before he held a finger up in a wait-one-minute fashion. He then sprawled his fingers out around the apple—in a strangely graceful manner—and pulled, splitting the apple clean in half. Cheers and claps erupted from the small group, and she fought an eyeroll The audience was once again in awe. Complete and utter awe over a child in braces. And yet she still applauded along. She wasn't completely sure why. Maybe she felt obligated. Maybe she was too polite. Maybe she felt it was the proper thing to do. The blond man began packing up, and once it was clear he wasn't prepping for another trick, the crowd began to scatter. She stayed, though, and when he slung the bag over his shoulder and turned around, he noticed she was still there. He took the cigarette out from his mouth, smacking his hands across each other a few times, before acknowledging her with a sigh. "Look," he said. "If you're going to ask me how I did it - " "Wha - no, " she said, waving the notion off. "I know how you did it." He narrowed his eyes at her - almost scowled. Like anyone could possibly figure out the secret behind his brilliant apple-splitting. He said nothing, though - only stared at her coldly. He might have walked off if she hadn't spoken up. "It's just - it's hardly a magic trick, don't you think?" "Who said I was a magician?" She rolled her eyes this time. Did everyone in the world suddenly think she was daft? " You're a magician ," she said with knitted brows and a tolerating - but amused - smile, "what with the tricks and the posh hand gestures and the cards - " As Hermione spoke, the blond man lifted his jaw and straightened his shoulders - an unmerited suggestion of victory - and gave a smirk that brought her attention back to the colour in his cheeks. "I didn't have any cards," he pointed out. "You might as well have," she pointed back. "Do you have something against magicians? Or...whatever I am?" She wondered if he was joking, because he was being awfully funny. "They're liars," she said, jutting her head out for emphasis. "What's wrong with liars?" His eyes wandered, and he kicked at some dried leaves that'd found themselves on the pavement. No, he wasn't joking, she figured; he was afraid of being wrong. "You're a bit full of yourself, aren't you?" she asked with