Chapter One. Disclaimer: As much as I wished I actually owned the Harry Potter series I do not, and as such can make no claims that I do. Note: This is going to be an odd story for me to write. I have no true plan, every chapter will more or less be improv, of course they will fit together and make an actual story, but the actual path this story takes has yet to fully be determined. My personal need for something creative and random was the basis for this story, along with the emotional high I had at the moment this story was birthed deep within my mind. Update Scheduled: Random, completely up to how I feel, as with all my stories. I could go back to another before finishing this, create a new story, or even write this in tandem with another story, new or old. 'Thoughts' "Other Language" "Speech" ~)O(~ Lightning flashed in the skies above, the white hot rage of Zeus tearing through the very skies. Thunder followed behind, loud and heavy, the screams of the war God Thor echoing for miles around. Together they formed within a raging cyclone of tormenting winds and black clouds, as if the two deities battle for dominance. Rain fell densely, obscuring even the greatest vision to only a few feet. Waves beat against the rocks below, their intense blows washing away rock and earth with every strike. A single black tower sat perched atop a solitary island, roughly a mile from the steep cliffs of the mainland. An ancient, abraded cobblestone path ran from a small dock to the outermost walls of the fortress, small tufts of grass and weeds jutting from between the few stones that remained. A diminutive amount of lights shone from the small embrasures that lined the lower floors, the vain attempt of the fortress's human guards to muster some form of comfort. Around the tower dark cloaked figured appeared to glide through the air, their twisted and emaciated forms circling like a vulture above its prey. Dementors, the black guards of Azkaban, the very tower that rose high into the sky around them. A twisted place home to equally twisted creatures, a prison that not only stole your hope, but your happiness and in some cases, your very soul. An ancient castle of a long forgotten Dark Lord, one of many in the history of the magical world, repurposed not as a place to protect the wicked, but as a place to imprison them. In the long history of this place only one had ever escaped, a member of the now extinct Black family, wrongly accused and wrongly convicted. The very same escapee that had fled to his godson, a trait that in the end had convicted both he and his godson to their doom. The capture of the criminal, along with his subsequent trail and execution had lead to a search for any and all accomplices. Harry Potter, the savoir of the wizarding world, and the godson of the late Sirius Orion Black had been one such accomplice. The less than savory members of their government had been quick to push for his condiment, and with the backing of Albus Dumbledore they had make quick work of the boy. Now an innocent child resided in one of the highest peaks of Azkaban, the best of the dark lord of their time filling the adjacent cells. Charges of helping a known criminal, along with slanderous lies that he had murdered Ginevra Weasley working to promise him a life trapped within his bland, dirty little cell. A cell he currently rested within a corner of, his eyes locked on the small window that looked out into the world below. There were now bars, those this high in the magic sapping fortress would not be missed should they choose to jump to their deaths. Emerald likes eyes remained fixated on the world in the distance, the storm mirroring the tempest of emotion that welled within him. After almost four months in this prison the emotion left behind from the death of his very first father figure, along with the betrayal of his friends and mentor left him feeling both empty and angry. The Dementors avoided his cell like a plague, a fact that would leave him curious any other time, but with his turbulent emotions he never took notice. Lightning flashed as the magelight hovering in the hall dimmed. The shadows in his room grew longer, broadening as they slowly began to encompass the room. They grew, covering the floor, the door to his cell, even the small, barred window that separated his cell from the one beside it, the room that contained his only friend in what was left of his life. Soon only he and the window leading to the outside world remained, the shadows themselves seemingly taunting him to take the leap. Whispers erupted around him, countless languages filling the silence, arguments and words of love echoing around him. "What is your wish, little prince?" He laughed in self derision, "I assume you're the voices Bella so commonly refers to hearing?" "And if I am? Do you so easily shun what you have yet to understand?" "I understand that I'm going crazy, losing my mind in this hell on earth." He pulled his knees to his chest, wrapping his arms around them, staring out over the tips of his knees. Another flash of lightning passed his window, the thunder that followed shaking his cell. "Your proof enough of that." "Is that so?" "What else could you be? No one could bypass the wards around this prison, even what little wandless magic I know is useless here." His eyes shot to the floor, blackened by the shadows around him. "To think you of all in this world would be so naive. Then again, you were never truly allowed to be... you." Emerald eyes fled behind eyelids and ebony eyelashes as he attempted to fight back the tears the words brought forth. Memories of his life flashing through the foreground of his fragile mind. A childhood of lies and hate, slandered, beaten, and looked down on every waking moment of his life. Finding his place in the world only to be forced on some expansive chessboard, a pawn to be used by the leaders of the world's orders. His internment in this prison because he had the audacity to hope for something more, something normal. "What would you know about me?" He whispered through gritted teeth, his eyes snapping open. Power flooded his veins, the arcane forces that ruled the world seeping into the very fiber of his being. Taunt skin turned white as his fist began to shake, electricity crackling along his skin as he slow rose to his full stature. The shadows around him faltered, no longer stationary as they struggled to remain near him. "More than you yourself know, little prince." The obviously female voice whispered sadly, "Tell me, what is your wish?" "My wish?" The words fell from his lips as little more than a whisper, "My wish is to get out of this hell, to show the world what happens when you beat down Harry Potter!" "Then you shall have it..." There was a loud snap followed by a hum that slowly grew lower until it was all but gone, the tall tale sign that a ward had collapsed. The shadows around him slowly dissolved, slinking back into the corners of the room. Screams could be hear all around, the maddened cries of prisoners, both in fear and delight, along with those of the Dementors as they fed on all that attempted escape. His hand reached out, the power coursing through him stretching forth like an invisible hand, blowing away both the wall to the outside world, and the one that separated his cell from Bella's. Echoes followed him even through the screams, every step echoed by the stones below him. His eyes landed on her, curled up against one side of the room, her frail form shivering from the cold that seeped into her weary bones. Slowly he reached down, his arms wrapping around her from below her neck and the bend of her knees as he lifted her in a bridal style. As he reached the edge he looked down, realizing that this all may have been in vain. A loud trill sounded above him. From the darkness of the clouds soared a great black bird, easy matching Dumbledore's phoenix in size. It landed softly on his arm, its violet eyes meeting his before they disappearing in a flash of black and purple flames. When they faded he found himself in an unfamiliar home, gently he lay Bella on the couch before falling over himself, briefly catching a glimpse of the bird now staring down at him from the mantle. ~)O(~ In Azkaban there had been no indication, no sign that what you saw before was truly real and not some figment of your imagination given substance. It was one of the many things that drove the denizens mad. There was no grasp to reality, nothing to pull one from their minds into the real world or to keep their minds from spilling out into world. Dementors only enforced this sick rule of insanity, pulling at your mind so one might live within, both feeding the beast and driving themselves further into the deepest recesses of their minds. That being said when Harry awoke in a home with no familiarity to him his heart stopped, the burning realization that his dream of freedom had bled over into his reality, his mind making his wishes a reality in an attempt to free him from the horrors of the magical prison. It rattled him to his bones, the thought that he, who considered his will a step above, would fall so soon to the temptations of a free mind at the cost of his sanity. Then he noticed the robes on the floor, the simple prison robes they had been forced to wear. He lifted them, rubbing the numbers stitched crudely across the left breast, numbers he would easily recognize. Only Bella would be so unladylike as to strip down and leave her robes on the floor. He rose, his bear feet not used to feeling something so smooth below them after so long atop hard stone. The room he stood in was a large parlor, to his left was a long hall leading to an ornately decorated door, before him was a staircase leading to the unknown, and to his right lie another hallway. Choosing the most likely option he made his way to the right, walking down the short hall sparsely decorated with old paintings he was met with a small dining room with an adjacent kitchen. Before the stove stood an immaculate Bella, her long curly hair falling freely to her shoulders, black robes befitting a noble Witch of her status covering her form, and a small black band of fabric covering her arm. He knew what she was, or rather what she had been. At times he had wondered if he could ever truly forgive her, but when she had told her story he knew he would have no choice. She was, after all, an innocent noble sold off to the highest bidder, beaten and bound until she submitted to the every need and want of her so called husband. Following the Dark Lord was not her choice, though she did share a few of his views, that did not mean she wanted to destroy their worlds source of new blood. "I half expected to find you in here naked." He remarked, throwing her old robes across the back of a chair. A smirk formed on the edges of her lips, "I'm sure you would have enjoyed that..." She quipped back, wiggling her hips slightly in an attempt to embarrass him. "Have you seen how