Chapter one. Formally To Reign Eternal Important note: This will be a rewrite of my story, simply because I felt this story needed one very much. It is more of a personal reason than anything. I would also like for all of you that are strong Star Wars fans to know that history in this story will be a little off. Now that being said, really the only thing that is being changed is Vitiate and Naga Sadow, by that I mean he was the Emperor of the original Sith Empire while Naga Sadow will be the one that fled and created the second Sith Empire. Now this will make a large amount of sense later on in the story. Timeline: 5000BBY Darth Vitiate, Immortal ruler of the Sith, leads the Sith Empire nearly to Galactic domination, but is forced to flee when his Empire crumbles around him. 4999BBY Naga Sadow called the remaining Sith to Vitiate's homeworld Nathema, a wasteland because of the former Lord's ritual to remain immortal, only to dominate their minds and steal their power in the same ritual as his former leader. 4980BBY The Sith arrive on Dromund Kaas to form a new Sith Empire. 4015BBY The Great Droid Revolution 3958BBY Harry James Potter is born to James and Lily Potter Questions I have been asked before: My side, Sith or Jedi? Sith, for a very particular reason. The Sith do not only hold more power than the Jedi, but they also have amazing powers and an incredible fashion sense. The Jedi have strict rules they must always follow to the letter, while Sith can always bend their rules, if they even have any at all. Plus red lightsabers? Badass. These guys literally force their Kyber crystals to follow them, dominating them in a show of power. Favorite Species? The red skinned race known by the name Sith, a name adopted by the darksiders that dominated them then ruled over them as kings. Red skin, spiked faces, amber eyes, and natural Force sensitives attuned directly to the Darkside. I also like to imagine the longer you are around one the more evil you become. Favorite Lightsaber? The seventh Sister's from Star Wars Rebels, if you have not seen it then you should google it. Just so you know that is the Lightsaber that will be used in this story. Second important note: This story will work from first year up, these first few chapters may or may not go fast. Along with that Hogwarts students now attend the school starting at thirteen, leaving them on average, eighteen when they graduate. All characters will be aged appropriately. Harry: Harry Potter is not a purely merciless and cold hearted villain. Yes, he will be evil. But Harry has no reason to utterly murder someone if they do not stand in his way, unless they are on what he considers the other side. Meaning simply if he was say a Ravenclaw and he thought the Hufflepuffs were on the other side, he would slaughter them to the last man without a second thought. So his enemies are anyone in his way or thought on the other side. He will also be rather unfriendly to anyone he personally dislikes or considers below him in any way. So he will not be just randomly jumping from good to evil, merely acting as if he would to an enemy or the like. 'Thoughts' "Other Language" "Speech" ~~Even the smallest stone can cause the greatest ripple~~ Bright overhead lights reflected spectacularly off of the cream colored tiles, causing the room to appear brighter than it truly was. A soft rhythmical beeping could be heard over the pained grunts and screams of the woman lying in the center, a diagnostic spell constantly reading her vitals and those of the child she carried. The young woman's face contorted in pain, her fiery red hair clinging to her head, drenched in sweat. Her back occasionally arched as her lips parted to loose an agonized scream, each becoming quieter and quieter as her tormented throat slowly led to the loss of her voice. A doctor stood over her, unflappable and steady, covered in the soft white uniform that came with his profession. His simple brown wand moving over the woman, his mouth moving without words as his magic kept the woman below him in the best health possible. Every now and then his gray eyes would glance over to the nurse that stood beside the auburn haired woman, her own wand moving in attempt to help the doctor. The woman's emerald green eyes shot open, her hand tightening its grip on her husband's hand, forcing a yelp of pain from the man. "Last push Lady Potter," The doctor said, moving to stand in front on her, his wand now stored in his coat pocket and arms outstretched below her upraised legs. "Here it comes my Lady! Here it comes!" The man's arms reached down below the propped up legs of the Lady Potter, preparing to grab the child as soon as he could. The woman's lips parted and gave way to once final scream, hardly audible from her overused voice. A moment later the doctor rose, a soft bundle of black fabric nestled in his arms, a Potter family tradition for the child to be wrapped in the color upon birth. The man's grey eyes were wide and the bundle in his arms perfectly quiet, both things completely odd. He lifted the bundle slightly, preparing to pass the child off to the outstretched arms of the Lord Potter, who was obviously ready to hold his child. James's eyes shined bright with mirth and his lips were parted into a soft smile. As soon as James was allowed his first look at his child the look of happiness dropped from his face. "Wh-what is the meaning of this!?" His eyes narrowed at the doctor, daring the physician to say that this was anything more than a playful lark. He looked down to the newborn child resting in his arms, black fabric giving way the face of his son. Smooth red skin, as crimson as freshly draw blood, flowed down the entirety of the boy's body. Eyes as yellow as freshly drawn amber, their yellow depths swirling with unimaginable power. On either side if his chin rested a small nub, one more located on either side of his face on the center of his jawline, smaller than the ones on his chin but still noticeable. On the top of his head rested a thin sheet of ebony hair, darker than the deepest pits of Tartarus. "I do not know Lord Potter." His eyes stayed locked on the black bundle in James Potter's arms. "This has never been seen before, I have never even read of this before!" His grey eyes locked with the deep brown of the Lord, his look betraying his amazement and concern. "This is quite simply amazing!" James turned to a look of astonishment. "How can you be so-so cavalier about something like this!?" He gestured to the child now nestled into the crook of his arm with his free hand. The doctor clasped his hands behind his back, his face turning solemn. "There are...options, my Lord. Though I doubt any of them will be permanent. A powerful glamour is the safest and strongest option." ~Line Break~ An extremely loud bang was followed directly by the splintering of wood as the door gave way. Lily Potter dove in front of her child's crib, shielding her son from the flying wooden projectiles. Through the smoldering remains of the door stepped a man, or what one could hardly consider a man upon the sighting of his appearance. His skin was a sickly shade of white and gaunt from all the dark rituals he had undertaken in his quest for power. His crimson eyes rounded on the red head that now stood defensively in front of her child. He raised his wand, the bone colored tip glimmered a hideous shade of green. " Move girl," He hissed out, his words resembling the beast he identified with rather than those of a man. "I will not ask you twice!" Lily fell to her knees, "Please!" she begged. "Please take me and not Harry, leave Harry alone." Crystalline tears fell heavily from her beautiful eyes, her lips parting as sobs escaped her. A look of repugnance crossed the man's face at the woman's sniveling, with a wave of a wand and a flash of green, Lily Potter was no more. With a dark chuckle the man's eyes turned from the now deceased Lady Potter to the child she had been protecting. He raised his wand slowly, not bothering to rush his newfound victory. The baby opened its tired eyes, bringing a look of confusion to the man's face, amber eyes, like molten gold swirling in the throes of a whirlpool. He tapped his chin with the tip of his wand, thinking on how the child could have such eyes or even hold such power. 'No matter.' He thought as his tongue tasted the dark words of the killing curse. The emerald colored spell raced from his wand, reaching its deadly touch out toward the child. The very skin of the baby shimmered out of existence, leaving no longer pale white, but smooth crimson flesh in its place. With both amazed and horrified eyes the man watched as his own curse, the very one that had slain so many that stood before him, bounced from the baby and back at him, striking him in the center of his diaphragm. An ear splitting shriek split the silent all hallows night, the skin of the intruder dissolved, turning into a fine white dust. From the ashes rose a black spirit, its appearance patchy, as if it was missing pieces of its spiritual being. Without a sound the black specter flew out of the quaint little home, leaving the once again pale skinned child behind. This night the Dark Lord Voldemort had been defeated by the last scion of the Most Ancient and Noble house of Potter, leaving behind only his robes and wand. ~Line Break~ In one of the many compartments lining the red steam train sat a young boy. One pale white hand raised up, tucking back a single strand of onyx hair that had fallen from its place among his short, perfectly slicked back hair. His bright amber eyes lazily scanned the page of the book resting in front of him, A Second Year's List of Spells, a book he had practically finished. He moved slightly, trying to find a more comfortable position, his solid black acromantula silk tunic silent as it shifted around with him. A soft knock at the door drew the attention of those powerful amber eyes, with a slothful wave of his hand the door slid open quietly to reveal the one who had knocked. In stepped a very beautiful girl dressed in clothes just as black as his, hair as dark as his own stretched down to her shoulders, framing a sharp heart shaped face and high cheek bones. Violet eyes peered directly at him, turning slightly lustful as they caught his appearance. A darkness flashed behind her eyes, giving a glance at her true side. She moved into the room, her beautiful form showing to already start forming well rounded curves. "May I sit with you?" She asked, doing nothing to hide her slightly lecherous look as her vibrant eyes looked up and down his muscular body. "Be my guest." He smiled, showing off his perfect teeth as he gestured to the seat in front of him. She moved into the room with a smile, the look changing to a daring smirk as she seated herself not in front of him, but by his side. "Daphne, Daphne Greengrass." She held a single dainty hand out to him. Harry ran a hand through his hair and