This story is adopted from Ariel Riddle, and the story was previously titled Twilight Empire. I will be up front, parts of the story has been changed. There will be MATURE CONTENT in this story! if Evil-Edward is not your cup of tea than don't read, just keeping on moving. I obviously don't own Twilight or the characters. Please Enjoys! The Emperor surveyed the entourage of people all but groveling for his attentions. They really were all the same and Edward grew tired of the palace games. He misses the days of being on the campaign where he didn't have to deal with these power hungry families trying to gain his favor. It has been like this ever since he has secured his power in the empire. There was no one to check his power; he had taken care of them with a startling quickness—his own family was not even immune to his judgement. Perhaps he had given into his murderous desires too quickly, without thinking them through entirely. But he had felt he was the pawn for years, meticulously his family had set him up for power with little consult to his own person. Edward did not wish to be a tool to be used—he had motivations of his own and those that made the ill-advised decision of using him learned this lesson the hard way. He was not the pawn anymore. Since coming to power, Edward knew how his dictatorship was viewed by the masses; he had a reputation for being cunning and merciless, inspiring fear in the hearts of his people. It all started with the swift brutal killings of his opponents; the people who dared defy his right to rule. He had deployed campaigns to the ends of the earth ruthlessly destroying nations and bringing them bowing and in ruined into the folds of his empire, and the wealth that came along with those victories just strengthen his rule across the empire. He would rebuild them anew—the way he saw fit. He had controversially brought back the games to the arena and reigned with an iron fist. Yes, he certainly did what he wanted when he wanted. The power he had at his disposal seemed unending. But with that power—came paranoia. He may have made a few hasty executions, not that he would ever admit it, but in the end his word was final and no one dare opposed him. He looked around his newly renovated palace and was pleased—a testament of his wealth and power. Gold plated columns and marble floors imported from Spain. Persian mosaic tiles adorned his walls. His stronghold suggested affluence and prosperity. Many dignitaries made the journey to Rome, the world's capital, simply to grovel at his feet. He should be content…but he was restless. It was never a good thing when he was restless—it really did bring out his cruel and brutal nature. If the even continue as it is, he might need to bring out some prisoners. With nothing else to do, he tuned into a conversation among his followers. "And the audacity that the girl has for the society!" Rosalie spewed the bit of information as if it were the vilest thing she had ever heard. Aw, what can the Emperor Edward say about Rosalie? She was almost as vicious as he was, and her family was hungry for the power he holds. His cock always harden watching the woman cheering when gladiators were slaughter in the area. He remembers when he took her for the first time, and how she cried a little at the violent way he took her. However, she did learn how to love his dick as the other do, and she began to love the violent nature of attentions. His cock harden at the fond memory of fucking her over the desk in his chambers. He might even grace her with the privilege of servicing him tonight instead of his little slave whore. "Spending time with her slaves as if they were her friends." Rosalie spat. "Freeing, and she proceeds to 'hire' them as labor!" James cried clearly disgusted, "What an outrage, to think a woman of noble blood to be so sympathetic to her inferiors!" "Well," Jessica added timidly, "I did hear that she formed a small a small musical group with some of her slaves. They actually have quite the reputation of being rather accomplished musicians. Michael and I heard them when we were in Capua, and they sound amazing." "Oh get a grip," Rosalie interrupted her words laced with venom, "It is completely uncouth for her to be lowering herself on any level with that of her slaves. Allows the chattel to earn and maintain those earning, and she plays in a music with them!" "I heard she buys slaves from good Roman citizens, assertive in their treatment of their property as is their right, only to release them later on," Victoria threw in repulsed, "Some of them down right scoundrels and criminals!" "Rescuing slaves from such abusive master!" James added with thick sarcasm. "All hail the savior of slaves!" They all snickered at this. "Who is this you speak of?" Edward inquired wondering who possibility could be causing such a scandal at court while grabbing Rosalie's hand to place it on his lap. "Your niece, Excellency—Isabella Cullen," supplied Jessica helpfully. "You mean Isabella Swan," Rosalie snapped dangerously as she moves her had with discretion, "Esme already had her when she married Carlisle, she is hardly his niece." Rosalie sat back proudly, speaking boldly; she knew Edward was not against punishing his own family so she must be careful for her own. She cannot speak to boldly in front of the emperor. "Carlisle was my brother however a traitor that he was did adopt the girl. He insisted giving her his name." Edward said darkly, "Even though I did execute him, she does carry his name, and she is his child. Besides, she is an orphan, what threat does she poses?" "She defies your reign!" Rosalie supplied haughtily resting her hand on the emperor's thigh. "She does not follow the rules of nobility, when do you see her ever at court? She has been prancing around doing whatever she pleases and without a guardian no less!" "It's as if she declared herself above society." James caught on what his sister was doing. "Thinking one is about society is thinking one is above the ruler of society." "It's a scandal!" Rosalie continued on her rant. "Her behavior reflects on her family name. Perhaps it is time to make a match for her…or whatever you see fit Excellency." Though he was the younger brother, he was the son of his mother's second husband, the one with the right to the throne. After his father's untimely demise, he had heard talk of an uprising—a new regime to be implemented. They called it "A return to democracy." They wanted to return to the glory days of the Roman Republic . Thinking the word 'democracy' left a sour taste in his mouth. Roman Empire will never return to the Republic while he was in power. Rumor had it his brother Carlisle was behind the rebellious movement and meeting with leaders in Sicilia. He had marched to Capua straight away to remedy this problem. When he arrived at his half-brother's home, Carlisle was nowhere to be found. When Edward went to investigate where the traitor had gone after his captain returned empty handed. He approached the villa when he found his young niece playing in the garden, and he knew that the girl would give him the answers that he wanted when he approached her. "Who are you?" She had inquired. "I am Edward Cullen, and you must be Isabella," he had replied, grinning sweetly at the child, as he kneeled down to her level. "Bella," She was holding a small bird in her hands. "You are papa's brother? " " I am, and what are you doing with the creature?" He asked the girl. The bird looked wounded. "I am going to heal it," she explained softly. "Bella I do not think there is anything you can do, sweetheart." " Oh, but I did." She said with the confidence before opening up her hands, and the bird had fluttered off peacefully. She smiled up at Edward who dismissed it thinking the animal must have not been as bad as off as he thought. "Bella," he had continued voice sweet like honey, "I want you to tell me where your father is. It is very important." "Is he in danger?" "Yes Bella he is, but I am here to help him, can you tell me where your parents are?" "They went to Sicilia for business is what papa said when he and mama said goodbye to me when they left. They wanted to work extra hard on my studies. Jasper is taking care of me now- he is teaching me to play the viola-would you like to hear?" But Edward was already picking her up, a slight skip in his step bringing her back into the villa. His eyes had darkened alarmingly and Bella looked like she was not so sure she trusted him anymore. "Come my sweet; let me take you back to Jasper." His poor innocent niece had not realized it at the time, but she had unknowingly sealed her step-father's fate, dooming his sister-in-law Esme to run away, evading his justice for years. Recently, her mother Esme met the same fate as her step father did years ago—once she was apprehended from hiding. He had truly not thought of the girl since. He knew what Rosalie was trying to do, and he did not appreciate her trying to manipulating him. It became very apparent when he suggested that he married her off, and it annoyed him. If he was going to marry his niece off, he was going to because he wanted to and not because someone else wanted him to. He was the emperor. He makes the decisions. He noticed his worshipers looking at him politely, they must have said something to him. He didn't particularly what they have to say about Isabella Cullen because if what Rosalie and the other worms have to say it's true, he needs to bring his brother's adopted child under his power. He can't have her action reflect poorly on the family name and by the extension of that name, the empire and emperor himself. The only way to gain control over the rebellious girl was to have her brought here. "Hmmmm," he thought aloud, "Perhaps it is time to bring Isabella to court?" Rosalie laughed wickedly successful in her mission in bring that Swan brat to court, and now she just needs to get rid of the little annoyance. 000 Relishing the delicious scent of the ocean mist as it descended on her in a warming caress, Bella Cullen lay down on the lush sea grass looking up at the clouds. She still wore black. She knew it was not proper nearly a year later after her mother's passing especially considering her mother's death had been openly sanctioned by the government and did not even warrant grieving legally speaking, but it was her way of letting everyone know of her stance against this atrocity. She would not stand by idly on the hush as so many of her parent's alleged friends had done. Bella could not understand it for the life of her why so many influential people sat back, useless, content to turn a blind eye and bear witness to the crimes Rome committed. In truth, she was quite sickened by it. She knew many worried over her, and they probably thought she had some inherent immunity what with being the current emperor's niece and all, but really. Everyone knew how safe that was. The emperor would sell his own mother out if it meant advancing his power. No one was immune, and she