AN: Hey guys, here's part 2! The winner of the question last time was Lindsey7618, any you asked me to put Reyna in. I was gonna do that anyway, she's going to be one of the main characters! So, yeah, you will defiantly see her, but not this chapter, you will see her in this part of the story though. Actually as this is the nightmare chapter, you might see her briefly... Diclaimer: I own nothing. Hey guys, do you like my creativeness of the second section, Fire triangle! I was going to call it fire and water, but then I realised he would be going to the Bermuda triangle, and well, Fire triangle sounds awesome! The winner of the last question was Hasenpfeffer, and man, spell check does not like your username, have some cookies (::) (::) (::) (::), please review the character you would like to appear in the story (if only for a minute), I did try to review one of your stories, but I thought that as I don't know anything about Legend of Zelda or Sonic, that a review from me on those stories would just sound fake. Have some more cookies instead! (::) (::) (::) (::) (I'm making your computer fat ) So, I'm going to answer a load of reviews here (am I allowed to do that?) so if you didn't review, 1, shame on you , 2, feel free to skip past. Keytyper: Yep, Yep, nope. I want to focus on Leo, and I think that I have made Percy quite dependent on Leo; I need Percy to be the leader, not Leo. I think Leo's more of a follower (an awesome one, but still a follower) In order to do this, I need to separate Percy and Leo, so that Percy can develop on his own. So while they will remain best friends, and Leo will meet up with him and 'aunt Sally' He will not be adopted by them. Cecld16: Well you're nice. KILL BIANCA! No! I get your point, and that that was what really changed Nico. Don't worry; he will still become the awesome guy we all love. However, Bianca will not die. I have found a way around that problem, and I'm afraid you'll have to wait to find out. Gabrial: Ummm, I can try? I figured she won't be a main role, but I might be able to bring her in a little. I have a theory of why she turned horrible, and it won't happen in my series, hopefully. I'm sorry this took a while, but it's long to make up for it! Oh, for the purposes of the story, Katie Gardener died in the Titan war (she's not the Demeter cabin councillor in TLH). I invented some surnames (Please don't kill me!) For my 200 th reviewer Harmonic bunny... The seven, bunny style! (I learnt how to draw bunnies!) (\_/) (\_/) (\_/) (\_/) (\_/) (\_/) (\_/) (='.'=) (='.'=) (='.'=) (='.'=) (='.'=) (='.'=) (='.'=) (")_(") (")_(") (")_(") (")_(") (")_(") (")_(") (")_(") Percy, Annabeth Jason, Piper Frank, Hazel Leo Here we go... IF YOU MIGHT GET NIGHTMARES, PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF LEO, DON'T READ THE ITTALICED BIT, SERIOUSLY BE READY TO ACCEPT THE CONSEQUENCES OF READING IT! Part 2 Fire Triangle Chapter one: In which Leo's screams wake the entire cabin... Leo was undeniably nervous. He was standing just beyond Thalia's tree on half blood hill, hesitant to enter camp. It would be completely different to his time, he knew. Still, the thing that made him the most hesitant was meeting his half brother Beckendorf. He had been routinely told about him, and how cool he was, but he still couldn't help being nervous. People always said good stuff about a dead person, so what if Beckendorf wasn't like that at all. Leo glanced at Thalia's tree. It looked weird without the Golden Fleece hanging of a branch. It was even weirder to think that the scary lieutenant of Artemis, Jason's older sister was still imprisoned within it. Leo screwed up his courage, and walked over the boundary line, and down the hill. He reached the bottom of the hill and stopped, unsure of where he should go. Big house? Or just wander around till someone noticed he didn't have a camp T-shirt on, or looked lost. He looked over to the cabins, and the lake. Everyone looked so happy! Leo figured that this was what camp looked like without the looming threat of a war. He couldn't help but grin, it was so loud, so hectic! It had never looked like this while he had been here in the future. Leo felt a tear roll down the side of his face, and quickly scrubbed it away. It had been far too long since he had seen camp, since the Romans, tricked by Gaia and lead by Octavian, had stormed the place, and everything had been destroyed. The campers who escaped the slaughter, Clarisse, the Stolls, Nyssa, Michael, and a few others, had ransacked the camp funds and bought plane tickets to Greece. "Hey! Travis!" Leo turned to see a girl of about fourteen running toward him, a bucket of crushed strawberries in her arms. She ran up to him, and then flushed pink. "Sorry, I thought you were one of the Stolls, it was the hair, I think... Ummm yeah." Leo smiled, plastering a confused look on his face. Time to pretend he didn't know anyone. "No problemo, but ah, who are the Stolls?" "Who..." The girl looked at him closely, "I've not seen you before..." "Yeah, I'm new." Leo swept into a deep bow, grinning up at the girl, who he suspected was a daughter of Demeter. "Leo Valdez, at your service." She looked slightly amused at the bow, "new? I haven't seen you around before; I must have missed the announcement of a new camper. Sorry." "No, I mean, I just walked over the hill new." Leo grinned at the look on her face. "But you don't have a protector..." Leo made his confused face come back, "protector? I don't need one, I look after myself. I was just passing through New York, trying to not get eaten by any of the random weird monster things, and then there was this really bright light, and a voice told me to come here. I gotta admit though, it looks pretty awesome here, I wonder if I'll be allowed to stay." The daughter of Demeter looked more shocked as his speech went on. "You mean you don't know?" "Don't know what? And if the explanation can tell me why all the monsters in America have decided that roasted Valdez is their favourite food, then I would be delighted to hear it!" The girl grabbed a hold of his arm, noticing the scars from the furies and the hellhound on the arch, "Holy Hades, what? You know what, never mind, you need to get to Chiron." "Chiron? Hey, what's your name anyway?" The girl blushed, "Sorry Leo, I'm Katie, Katie Gardener." Leo fell silent at that. He had never met Katie Gardener, so as far as he knew she had either died in the Titan war, or joined the Titans. Leo thought he remembered seeing her name in miniature on Percy's bead necklace, the fifth bead, those who died in the Titan war. It felt more real now. Realistically, Leo knew he wouldn't be able to save everyone, but he would try to save as many as he could, and Katie's life was, metaphorically, in his hands. By the time Leo had broken out of his somewhat depressing train of thought, they had reached the big house. Katie told him to wait out on the porch, so he stood awkwardly outside, as Katie went in to get Chiron. Before too long, Chiron had come trotting out of the house, a relived smile on his face. "Leo, I am glad you are alright." Leo's anger and disappointment all came streaming back. The 'why didn't he believe me'; the 'I thought Chiron trusted me', and he couldn't help his mutter of "No thanks to you." He felt guilty as soon as he had said it, Leo has seemed incredibly suspicious at Yancy, and he couldn't really blame Chiron for that. But a small part of him, the suspicious and not so pleasant part (a result of the war with Gaia) felt that Chiron deserved the guilt that now showed on his face. Katie was looking between the two of them, a bewildered look on her face. "You two know each other?" She pouted slightly when she didn't get an answer from Chiron, and turned to Leo. "Sure, if you call being accused of something you didn't do, and tattled on to Olympus by someone 'knowing each other'." Chiron cringed, and Katie looked shocked, "Chiron, you actually..." "Perhaps, Miss Gardener, you could leave Mr Valdez and myself to chat, and see if cabin 11 can find room for Leo." Katie looked between the two once more, then nodded, and made her way down the hill to the cabins. The shocked look was still present on her face as she went. Halfway down, she was joined by too identical looking boys, with red strawberry juice on their hands. Leo couldn't help snorting when he saw Katie take some of the ruined strawberries in both her hands, and smear one hand into each of their faces. After Katie had reached the cabins, two Stolls trailing behind her, Leo turned back to Chiron, his anger sufficiently cooled. "I'm sorry Chiron, that was uncalled for, I was acting kinda suspiciously I guess. I don't blame you for jumping to the conclusion you did." "Thank you Leo, but I should have learnt by now that not everything is as it seems. I apologise. The Olympians would likely punish you immediately had you been caught. I was rather apprehensive when the bolt had been returned, and your innocent proven, yet you still didn't arrive at camp. I am glad you arrived safely." Leo grinned "Me too, I didn't want to come to camp till I was sure I wouldn't be killed as soon as I crossed the border. Percy was protected from Olympus because of his dad, but my dad's not quite as powerful, or willing to stand up to the lord of the skies. Plus, I'm pretty sure he has other kids, if I died, though I hope he would be upset, he wouldn't care as much as Poseidon would if Percy died. He's got other kids, better kids, so I don't matter much." Hey, Leo knew that he was powerful, as with years to go before the Titan war came to a head, he would get more powerful, but his self worth hadn't grown at all. In fact, since he came back in time, it seemed to have shrunk again. He conveniently forgot all he had achieved in the war, it hadn't actually happened to anyone but him, how could he replicate it? How would he, Leo Valdez, repair boy, manage to save as many people as Chaos wanted him to? Chiron was looking at him sadly, "You believe your father does not care for you?" "Oh, I hope he does, but I'm not too optimistic. I'm short, weak, compared to all the other Hephaestus kids, I'm a runt. I'm not worth dad's time." Chiron sighed, "I don't believe that I can persuade you any differently Mr. Valdez. As it is almost time to eat, let me escort you to the dinning pavilion, I'm afraid you will have to sit with the Hermes cabin till Lord Hephaestus claims you. But I'm sure he will do so soon." "I'm not" Leo muttered, but he figured that Chiron had heard him, from the sigh that the centaur gave. On their way to the pavilion, Leo thought about how long it would take before he was claimed. He realised that he had been claimed almost