A/N: I hope you like this story, I started it a little over a year ago, but forgot about it as I wrote other FanFics. Which is the same reason for the others I posted... Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Love Hermione stared at the sonogram in her hands, and then back at the little girl she gave birth to back then, not believing she was the same little girl. She placed the image back on the fridge, and turned to the live version, "So what are we having for breakfast, love?" "Chocolate cake, please," The little girl tried, giving her mother her best toothy smile, as she cupped the cup of ice water in her palms. "How about vanilla yogurt, with granola, and blue berries?" She asked, as she handed the little girl, an already prepared bowl. "So did you finish your homework?" "Yes mum it's finished, and daddy said I could have cake," The little girl argued, pushing the bowl away. "Trying to get me in trouble, with the brightest witch of all time, Angel?" The little girl brought the bowl back to her, when her father entered the kitchen, and started eating her portion. It was funny how a simple look, not threatening, but not playful at the same time, could get her to do anything he asked. "Sorry, Mum." Hermione stared at the man, and than at the little girl, waiting for her to finish with her own breakfast. She smiled as she watched the little girl stand on the stool, as she washed her own dishes, "Go get your uniform on, Angel, than I'll take you to school." She turned to look at the wizard, "Scabior, I think maybe we should stay here, I don't want Angel, to be the center of rumors." Scabior walked around to place his hand on the witches waist, as he leaned his forehead, to press against her own, "It's been five years now love, and our girl should see where we came from," he paused for a moment, to kiss the witches lips, "To see where her mum came from, not to worried about her finding the truth out about her father just yet, but her mum is worth knowing about." "Her father isn't that bad either, and I am lucky that he is a daily part of our lives, because I know who he wants to be," She wrapped her arms around the ex-snatchers neck, and pulled him back in for another kiss, before suddenly pushing him away to make a run for the loo. The wizard smirked as he watched the witch retreat, and hurry to the loo, "I'll walk Angel to school, and pick up some saltines, and ginger ale." He leaned against the locked door, and vaguely heard her answer. "Where's mum, daddy?" Angel asked, before noticing the closed door, then looking back at her father, "So your taking me to school again?" She was smiling widely at him, because she knew her chances of getting a pastry, was better with him taking her. "I suppose a cup of coffee for me on the way to your school, would do me some good, and we could get you a berry scone," He was whispering as he lead his daughter out the door, shouldering her book bag for her, "Are you planning on building onto the school, your bag feels like it has bricks," he mockingly complained, taking his daughters hand. The little girl giggled, as her dad pretended to drag the bag, making it appear to heavy. "You're silly, daddy." Hermione smiled as she watched her small family head off to school, before going to where her office was located, and the rough draft of the latest book she was working on, 'No longer the victim' was waiting. It was a love story in a way, her love story to be honest, but the muggles didn't have to know it was based on her. She gave her leading character, a teenager who went on a run with her two male friends, and ended up getting caught by a gang of hit-men (the snatchers), and getting raped by the man who had a gun against his own head (a wand). Later after rescuing them, and the ones who were the most dangerous, had been caught later. The young girl found out she was pregnant, running into the man that had been forced to take her virginity, who ended up wanting to do right by the situation. He admitted that he had desired to be with her, from the first time he saw her in the woods, but knew it would be close to impossible, since he was paid to kidnap her, and her friends. When he found her walking out of the hospital, with a seventh month belly, he confronted her right away wanting to know if it was his. She broke down in tears, answering his question without words, and that was when he made it his job to help if she would let him. She continued to refuse his help, as he continued to visit the home that once belonged to her parents, and found her bending over trying to do the breathing. Which they had learned in one of the birthing classes, which she told him to get away from her, only to be ignored again by her rejection. He recognized the signs of labor right away, and helped her to her car, and took her to the hospital. She didn't turn him away from the delivery room, or make him leave as he watched his daughter come into the world, even allowed him to stay with her at the house. Hermione laughed at that, realizing that she never invited him to move in with her, yet here they were living together with there daughter. She stared at the picture, that was taken by a photographer that had her daughter, and the man she learned to love posing for the camera. She rubbed her stomach, as she closed her eyes, remembering when they first saw there daughter. Flashback The doctor went to hand the pink bundle, to the wizard, than looked at the witch confused, who was looking questioningly at the new mother. "Doesn't the new father, want to see his daughter?" Hermione smiled at the new father, and nodded to the unasked question, that the ex-snatcher was asking. "Don't you want to hold your daughter?" Scabior finally took the small bundle, and stared down at the small creature, that he had felt guilty about, until she opened her new eyes, and stared in wander at him, "She's the most beautiful little girl, that I ever seen before," he glanced at the witch who was already sleeping, before back at the little girl, "Let's allow mum to rest, what do you say?" He didn't notice the doctor leave, or a nurse enter, until a pair of hands went to take the baby. He glared at the nurse, "She's mine, so keep your mitts off, if you don't want-" "She wants to show me how to nurse her, Scabior, she's not taking her away," The slightly tired witch assured, smiling at the protective wizard, as he made his way back to her, and handed the baby to her instead of the nurse. She noticed the nurse smile, at the new fathers protectiveness, as she helped adjust the new mothers hospital gown, and instructed her on how to get through the process. "Are you going to continue to nurse, when you get out of the hospital, or just while you're here?" "I was planning to use the bottle, got a breast pump at home, that way anyone could feed her," The witch glanced up at Scabior, who hadn't taken his eyes off his new daughter, quickly turning his face when he noticed the witch staring at him. She smiled down at her baby, and smiled as she stroked her dark hair, "I was thinking about naming her Angel, what do you think of the name?" "Angel Rose Granger," The wizard tested, and frowned, at the disappointed expression, on the new moms face, "We don't have to use Rose, it was just my mum, and grandmother's middle name, and I-" "I love Angel Rose, just thought Meron, should be her last name. After her father, a child should be named after there father, shouldn't they?" She noticed the shocked expression on the mans face, and smiled at him, "I saw your ID, when we went to lunch last week." "Angel Rose Meran," The corner of his lips turned upwards, before turning back around, so the witch could readjust her gown after feeding there daughter. He turned around to stare at his daughter, when he heard the slightest sigh, "Someone sounds happy, I heard that my, Angel." "I don't see much of me in her," The witch commented, as she set her daughter on the bed, so she could change her outfit. She laughed when she realized what it said, "Where did this one come from?" "I saw it at a baby store last week, and decided to get it for her, I got one for a boy to in case you had a boy. He looked at the newly changed baby girl, and smiled at the witch, 'Daddy's Girl'," He read out loud, than realized the lack of company, that he would expect for a woman like Hermione to have. "I was expecting a room of redheads, and the boy-who-lived to be here by now. Do you want me to send a message, I will-" "Ron, he told me if I went through with the pregnancy, I better not bother seeing him again. He had the idea that I belonged to him, and didn't understand that you were as much a victim, as I was during the whole rape. I mean they literally had the wand, on the back of you neck, as they watched us." Hermione smiled down at her daughter, and stared at her, "I am not saying I wasn't thinking about it, but when I saw the very first sonogram, I knew I couldn't get rid of her. The only one's, who still send me parchments, is George Weasley. No one else knows I went through with the pregnancy, except for George, because he was actually at a muggle toy store when he saw me." She saw the confused look on the snatchers face, "He get's idea's for his shop, in some of the muggle stores." "And you weren't going to message me, had to find out by your neighbor, that the man took you to the hospital." The second half of the twins looked at the witch, and than at the other wizard, as he reached out his hand, "George Weasley, soon to be godfather, you are?" Hermione stared at the redhead confused, than remembered that he wouldn't recognize the snatcher, since he was with his own family during the war. She stared at Scabior, who had picked up his daughter, when the red head entered. "That is Angel's father, George. I told you about what happened, remember?" "So ex-snatcher, doesn't like to shake hands, I will keep that in my mind," George placed a diaper bag, filled with baby items, next to the witch, "Got you this yesterday, which was why I was coming to your house today, and thought you might like it. I even used your expandable charm on it, so you could fit whatever you may need, along with a light as air charm." Scabior watched the witch, as he thought how easy she introduced him as the father, and how the redhead didn't get defensive. He stared down at his daughter, "You want to meet you godfather, he's a friend of your mum's, Angel." He walked around the bed, and stood next to where the redhead was standing, gently placing his precious cargo in the other mans arms, "Watch for her head." "Won't fall off will