A/N: I started this two years ago, and don't know when I will continue, but I thought I would share what I wrote. What do you guys think? Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. The Heir Dear Mr. Seamus Finnigan, I would like to invite your family to my property, for this summer holiday since your Aurora training won't start until the fall, and you're sister, and brother, don't have school either. Our mothers have been childhood friends, and she had written in her journal about wishing our families became one. So I am sending this parchment, in hope that you take me up on my invitation, and spend your summer with me. No need to pack anything, my tailor could measure your whole family, and have a summer wardrobe placed in each your rooms. You're father will have an escort, to bring him to his job, and back here at the end of his shifts when needed. You're sister will be able to keep studying her ballet, by an instructor that had been more than satisfactory, when I held auditions in my theater. I will even have a football instructor, to work with your brother, so he will be prepared when trying out for his high schools team. Your mother could help herself to our art/craft room, and make whatever she desires. Please don't let anyone else know, until the end of the summer if all works out. Sincerely, Lady Hermione Rowena Ravenclaw-Granger A.K.A. Hermione Granger, or Mione Hermione stared down from the window of her room, wearing her black mourning gown, staring at her families graveyard. She had lost both her parents in the final battle, and now was in charge of taking over her families estate, and what came along with making sure she could keep her families honor. "Lady Hermione, we need to change your gown, it is the last day of your mourning period. You are to meet your fiancee, he is waiting down in the parlor," Anne, who had been her nanny since birth, was already helping her out of the gown. She was more like a mother, than her actual mother had been, having had always been there for her. Hermione had missed the older woman, while attending her wizarding school, but always made sure to send letters by owl. Her parents even set up a house, for the witch during the summer, so the others wouldn't know her real status. Because if her friends knew the true status, than they would know that her family, was actually in the direct line of Ravenclaw herself. Her house was charmed not to show by magic, and even guest were unable to leave the grounds from outside, so the only way in, and out, was by one of the blood lines to apperate you themselves. Mostly it would be Anne, who was to bring guest, and return guest as needed. She looked at the older woman, and smiled at the woman, "You blocked the fourth floor, and hid the east wings door, I don't want the guest in my private wing." "Why did you pick the young man, My Lady?" Asked Anne, as she helped the woman step into her red pumps, that matched the rose printed summer dress, and red gems from the hair piece holding half her curls back. "Mother went to school with his mother, and I know my parents would had wanted his family, to become a part of ours," Answered the witch, as she stepped onto the stool, to look at herself in her three way mirror, "He is a good man, and I know he won't let my wealth, become his obsession. We shall not keep his family waiting." The witch hurried down the spiral steps, and headed towards the guest wings sitting room, where her company were waiting. It was a fifteen minute walk, since her family never allowed magic within the grounds, wanting to keep the heirs grounded in life. Mr. Finnigan sat at a small table with his wife, helping himself to a couple scones, as his wife sipped her tea. He glanced over at his son, who was still looking at the parchment, which he had received during his winter vocation during his seventh year after the light side won. "You know we don't have to stay here son, if you don't want to?" "It would be rude to decline, this is the only heir alive, that is part of the Ravenclaw house. Surprised she was in Gryffindor, if her blood was Ravenclaw, but than again her mother was in Gryffindor. She used the last name, Granger, never dawned on me she was related to one of the four founders." Mrs. Finnigan explained, standing when a door appeared in the wall, and a couple of woman appeared. Seamus couldn't believe how beautiful the witch looked in the dress, since he was use to seeing her in her uniform, or jeans, with one of her best friends jerseys. He ran his fingers through his hair, as he made his way towards the witch, "What should I call you?" She smiled at her friend, as she walked over to the couch, and sat down crossing her ankles, "Shea, you could call me what you called me last year, when we were in school." "Alright then, it's good to see you, Mia," He sat beside her, still not sure of how to act. "I am Audrey Finnigan, this is my husband Tom, our children Sarah, and Joseph," The older witch smiled, as she approached the two, she looked at the young witch, "So where is your mother?" "I am afraid she is no longer with us, along with my father," The witch answered, as a tear slid down her cheek, "They got in a car accident, while on a winter holiday my last year, so now it's just Anne, and myself," She looked over to where her nanny was standing, waiting for instructions, "Please show the Finnigan's the area's there permitted to see while here, while I take a walk with Seamus." "Yes, My Lady," She looked towards her guest, and gave a warm smile, as she opened the door she had entered, "Will the Gentlemen, and Madam's please follow me, I will be showing you around your wing." She looked towards the oldest son, who was about to follow as well, "The wizard will be staying with the young miss, so she could show you around." The witch watched as the door disappeared behind her nanny, and the others after they left, leaving her alone with the young wizard. She was about to say something, when the Irishman wrapped his arms around her, and pressed his lips to her. "So this is what you meant back at Hogwarts, that you would find a way to make our relationship work," He started to kiss her neck for a little while, before finally pulling away, "What was with the letter, you made it sound like we barely knew each other, it was not at all personal." She cupped the wizards cheek, and smiled at him, "I couldn't say what I would had, like when we sneak letters in school, because when I am here I am not allowed to do much of anything on my own. My family has always been protective of there name, for good reason might I remind you, so we have people who are in charge of such things. If someone who is not suppose to read the letter was to touch it, the words would appear to say something differently." "My dad, was reading over my shoulder, and let me know I didn't have to go if I didn't wish too. My family doesn't know about our relationship," He pulled her in for a tighter embrace, as he buried his face in her neck. He remembered about her mentioning her parents, and how his mother had asked, "Mom must had forgotten about hearing about your parents death, because I remembered she cried the whole day, when she read the prophet." "I will become, Lady Hermione Rowena Ravenclaw-Finnigan, and you will be Sir Seamus Patrick Finnigan," The witch explained as she stood from her seat, and looked up at the portrait of her parents, than smiled as she saw the swell in her mothers stomach. My parents posed for this portrait, two weeks before she went into labor with me, and since keeping the children of the founders safe. I never had been able to take one with them, that we could display in any of the sitting rooms, but my parents room. Which will become ours, since you asked me to marry you, before we parted ways at the end of the year." "So you weren't kidding, when you said there was a whole procedure, to how you choose your future spouses." Seamus came up behind the witch, and wrapped his arms around her front, as he placed a kiss to her cheek. "So when would we get married?" "At the end of the summer, and begganing of Fall, at the crack of dawn," The witch answered, turning to look at the young man. "A Ravenclaw should never marry anything higher than a half-blood, to induce the chances of our children to become magical, so are you really prepared for the responsibility of marrying a descendant of Rowena Ravenclaw?" "I asked you, remember Mia?" He took her by the hand, and lead her to the other wall, where the door had been earlier, "Care to show me your room?" "I will take you to the stables, so you could meet my favorite boys, I am sure they would love to meet there future family members," The witch smiled as she took him by the hand, and lead him to the other side of the large manor, towards the doors leading out towards the stable, "Each outward door leads to a different area outside, which Anne, will be showing your family as we speak, you'll have a life time to learn all the rooms. Although some rooms will remain blocked from you, until our first child is conceived, there blood mixed of ours will be your key." She stopped suddenly, as she turned to look at the wizard, biting her bottom lip nervously, "Are you sure you'll want to be married to someone like me, knowing that there will always be things that you wouldn't be able to share, with our friends, and others." "I am marrying you, because I am in love with you, the brightest witch of our time," Seamus pulled the witch to him, and gave her a very heated kiss, ignoring a couple of maids, who were cleaning around them. "We're going to the hay loft, I want you so bad Shea, and it's the only place that no one would look." The witch turned, and ran the rest of the way to the barn, and climbed up the ladder leading to the hay loft. Seamus smiled, when he took in the top of the barn, and than his witch who was already laying a riding blanket on one of the piles of hay. He used his wand to make the blanket bigger, before laying the witch gently down, "Are you sure we won't get caught?" "Only by the owl, who had her nest up here, but she won't bother us at all," The witch assured, pulling the wizard down for a kiss, "It's been almost a month since we were last together like this, and my fingers just don't do the trick." He pulled up the skirt of her dress, and stared at her lack of undergarments, "You were anticipating this?" "You were there for me, when I returned back to Hogwarts in my black mourning dress, and didn't make fun of me like Harry, and Ron, had. You, Neville, Dean, and even Luna, were all wonderful friends to me, when I was going through the traditional mourning process." She