My first LOTR fanfic! *claps like a seal* This story is inspired by "The Snow", by Sir Edward Elgar. This is also slight AU. Hope you enjoy! :) Disclaimer: Except for OCs, I do not own anything, everything belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien. " 'Tis a sad day for the Mirkwood Elves, For a day of mourning is install, None can quell The harsh bitterness, like tasting gall. From dawn they rise up from their sorrow, Holding lanterns that softly glow. The light, So sooth and save , as does the snow. Steps into the garden, heads hung low, Tears wash down cheeks, under the waning night. What a woebegone sight! They sing of their fallen queen I hear them mourn, their lamentation. White as snow, they sing. Sad flow'rs, Sad flow'rs the winter brave. O snow, thou'rt white no more. The snow is drenched in red, in innocent blood! They sing of her great beauty, They sing of her lost grace, They sing out the sorrow of the Elvenking." He ended the song, strumming the last notes on his lyre. The notes echoed through the beautiful garden on top the tall villa. He stared out into the vast forest, to the faint ripple of that invisible energy that separated his realm from the realm which the people called Middle Earth. He can faintly make out the outline of the earthly coloured structure that stood in the forest of Mirkwood, which housed the Elves of the Woodland Realm. Mirkwood was mourning a great loss. The wood elves had lost their queen to an orc raid. Queen Velossfaeniel was well loved among the people, as loved by her husband Thranduil and her son Legolas. The news shocked everyone, even the people living in his realm. He turned his head to the impending sound of footsteps by the entrance of the garden. A young woman stepped out into the garden, her face covered by a veil. She wore a pale coloured dress, gathered at the waist, and the dress went all the way to the floor in layers of silky flowing fabric. The whole garden seemed to light up even more as she made her way towards him. The sun shined brighter, and the trees stood taller. He stood up, setting the instrument down on the marble bench. He made his way to his wife, and enclosed her into a warm embrace. He took in her comforting scent, and all his worries washed away, knowing his lover was safe and sound. "You've returned." He whispered softly into her ear. "I was so worried when I heard that Velossfaeniel…" He trailed off. "I apologize for worrying you, my love," She replied gently, arms snaking around his waist, "But I couldn't help but wait until the mourning was over before I returned. We have been allies with Mirkwood for years, and Velossfaeniel was my friend." "I heard it was an orc raid that cost her life." He pulled off the veil from her face, showing her dark green eyes that looked up to meet his. "Yes." She confirmed. "I saw her body. It was horrible, she...she...was hacked to pieces. The brutality… I feel so bad for Thranduil and Legolas. They don't deserve this loss." He held her tighter, and kissed the top of her head. They both turned their heads and looked out to Middle Earth. "Mirkwood is in great sorrow. It will be a long time before the people can expel the sadness in their hearts." He said. "I'd wager that Mirkwood would not send someone over to Araytia so soon." "I'm not so sure about that. Thranduil, as badly hit by the loss of his wife, would not abandon his duty as king. It will take some time, yes, but it won't be for long. Let us hope the Fates will show mercy on them and help them overcome their loss and lessen their pain." She said. They turned away from the view of the border and proceeded their way out of the garden. Let the Fates show them mercy! Let the Fates shine hope upon them! It wasn't sorrow. It wasn't solitude. It was emptiness that bore a large hole in Thranduil Oropherion's heart. It was emptiness that cast a shadow over his eyes. Nothing seemed to light up his eyes. Everything was falling apart. He failed his own family. He failed his wife for not protecting her. He failed his only son for not saving his mother and giving him a complete family. He should've shared a lifetime with Velossfaeniel. Though together they have seen his birth, his first words, his first steps, but Legolas was still very young with only several hundred years of age. They have yet to see their son accomplish great things. But she is now gone. After the mourning, Thranduil knelt in front of her grave, his fingertips lightly grazing the surface of the marble tomb. It was silent throughout the queen's garden. The trees drooped, as if mourning for the dead queen, and no light filtered through the trees. The sun did not touch the garden, and it seemed to turn darker by the second. Dark images flashed across his mind. He remembered the passing of his wife as clear as day. His wife had said she wanted to go out to the forest and walk and spend time with her closest elf maidens, as they have not done so for a long while. Smiling, Thranduil had kissed her lips, bidding her to have an enjoyable time. He himself had been in his study the whole morning, exchanging treaties with the Snow Queen of Araytia, who had come to stay for several days. His wife had offered the visitor to come along with her, but the queen had politely declined, wanting to finish the trip as soon as possible and return to her husband in her realm. After signing the treaty with her, they were just leaving the room when the captain of his elven guard had rushed into the room and reported an orc raid. Thranduil had hurried out with a troop of warriors as soon as the words 'orc raid' slipped past the captain's lips But, cruel fate, he was too late. His queen was slaughtered along with the other elf maidens and the guards that sacrificed their lives to protect her. He pushed through the gathering crowd. The sky turned dark. Legolas stood in the middle of the crowd. He was standing there in front of his deceased mother, frozen. As Thranduil neared his son, his eyes widened in shock. He wanted to wake up and realize it was a nightmare. He wanted to turn away and see his wife behind him, healthy and well. He could not bear to see the body of his dead wife. Velossfaeniel was slit at the throat, and her neck was twisted into a weird angle. An arm was obviously half dangling from her shoulder, and a foot was missing. " Ada…" He remembered Legolas' distraught voice, as he acknowledged his presence. "Nana… she… she… she…" His voice shook. Legolas dropped the dagger in his hand and crashed into his father's chest. Thranduil held his son tightly, his eyes quickly surveyed the scene. His warriors were waiting for his orders. " Search for that orc pack. If it is still within our borders, I want it tracked down and killed. There cannot be a single orc left alive. I want them dead." He remembered himself saying. Tears were threatening to well up, but he kept his composure. The remaining guards nodded and left. "We will… mourn for our lost queen tomorrow. There is still an orc pack on the loose, so I suggest all to retreat back inside the gate, until further news is announced on this matter." He said to the crowd, and the crowd slowly dispatched. Only he, Legolas, and a few of his personal guards were left in the slaughter scene. " Ion nin, we must bring your naneth back home." He mumbled into Legolas' ears. Legolas refused to budge and kept a death grip on his father's robes. " I know its hard, ion nin, but we must do so." He nudged his son once more, and together, they slowly reassembled the body with trembling hands. His wife's fair face was frozen in a state of horror. Her snow white skin was covered in red blotches of dried blood. Velossfaeniel meant white as snow in his dialect. She was named this by her parents because of her pale, white complexion that closely resembled snow. The everlasting innocence in her eyes was as pure as snow, the eyes that now show nothing but sheer pain and horror. Thranduil's heart wrenched in pain as he saw the remaining white glow of his wife fade away from her body. He escorted his son back to his room after setting the reassembled body in a marble tomb. Legolas was silent the through the process, as he was still in shock. Alone, Thranduil returned to his own study. He sat down on his chair, and grief started to wash over him. His heart felt as if it had been torn out of his chest and had been forcefully sewn back in. Grief told him to let go, and let himself fade, so that he could rejoin his wife in the Halls of Mandos. But he couldn't. His conscious fought to keep himself from fading, telling himself that Legolas needed him and his people needed him. The queen of Araytia had went to see him a few hours later, conveying her condolences to him and his son. She had told him that she will stay in Mirkwood for an extended period of time to attend the mourning of his queen's passing. Thranduil can hardly reply her in a composed tone,and his voice kept trembling. He did not rest that night. He simply sat in his study, a glass of wine in his hand, reminiscing the times he shared or could've shared with his wife. It was that night the first tears of the Elvenking fell, and he wept quietly. No one should hear him. No one should see his cry. He drank and drank, but he just couldn't lose his consciousness. He downed glass after glass of wine, and cursed himself for holding his alcohol too well. He gave up trying a while later, and just let the tears that he held back for so long stream out of his eyes silently. The loneliness and emptiness in his heart overwhelmed him. When the sun rose the next day, he gathered himself and rose up from his sorrow. He changed into a silver white colored robe, and dark trousers. He did not wear his crown, and he left his silver blonde hair unbraided. His son had been waiting for him by the door, and by judging from Legolas' face, Thranduil could see that his son had a similar night as he did. His face looked pale and weary. " Have you been waiting for long, ion-nin?" He asked him. Legolas shook his head. "I just want to get this over with as soon as possible, ada. I can't stand feeling this way. I miss...nana, ada. I miss her a lot." Legolas replied, and Thranduil hugged his son. "I know, my son. I miss her as much as you do. I don't want to accept this reality too, Legolas. Let us leave now, and let us hope that your nana is treading peacefully in The Halls of Mandos." With Legolas gripping his hand tightly, the Elvenking and his son slowly led the way to the queen's garden. Other silvan elves slowly followed them, joining behind them in a single file at different junctions and crossroads. Those that stood behind the royals held lanterns of soft, white light, illuminating the path. If this wasn't done on a day of mourning, it would have looked beautiful. The mourning passed like a blur.