The Volturi was a proud coven. It was one of the largest covens in the world, which Aro made sure of at all times, and they were definitely the most powerful. It was all a lie, an illusion. They were not there of their own free will. They all knew, somewhere in the back of their minds, but Corin kept them all content with staying with the Volturi while Chelsea made them all feel connected, like a true coven. Alec never spoke of this with anyone but his sister, and even with her, he was careful. Jane was loyal to Aro, saw him as a father just as Alec did, but she could not see how they were being manipulated. Alec could not help but fear that his feelings for Aro were nothing but what Chelsea made him feel. It was brainwash, and he had seen it several times, when new members joined them. He tried to shake it off, tried to see through it as if it was a fog having drifted over his mind. He could feel the fog, feel the pretences and lies, but he could not break through. He had been content for too long, listened and followed for too long. But Alec was not one to follow. He liked power, he wanted power, and he wanted it to be his. He could take out an entire room of vampires, and when he stood guard, he could imagine that he did it. He could see for his inner eye that shadowy mist lay around the entire throne room and he could just walk out, be free. He stopped letting Aro read his mind, and Aro let him. It wasn't reluctantly, and it made him wonder. Everything that took some sort of power away from Aro was only accepted with reluctance and ulterior motives, but he did not seem to doubt Alec's loyalty, and that tore at his heart. How could he betray Aro? Aro who no matter what was the only father figure he had, and who trusted him so, as if he cared for Alec. As if he was something else than just another guard with a useful talent. He sat on the outer wall of Volterra, watching the full moon rise. His legs dangled over the edge of the wall which was broad enough for him to lean back on the support of his hands. Out here, he could think. It seemed like the fog was clearing away, but like a swamp, it did not want to leave his mind completely, just enough for him to see the other side, to see a life without being bound, without being insecure. He acted well enough, teasing, arrogant, manipulating, calculating. He was feared, the most powerful and dangerous vampire on earth he was called, and he loved it, but why could he not be given a choice? He never had been. When he was a kid, he never had the choice of making friends. They were all afraid of him, and the more they shunned him, the more bad things happened to them. He had tried not to be angry with them, to be understanding, but Jane could not, and they would be punished anyway. So Alec had learned that he only had his sister. They had lived for long. Back then, witches were burned frequently, so he was surprised they had made it to their twelfth summer before the village had finally had enough. He remembered the fire. He remembered the heat licking against his skin, and how he was almost freezing in the summer air because the fire by his feet was so warm and the air so cold. He remembered looking at the villagers, their grins. He could still hear their shouts, their glee of being done with the two witches who had terrorised them. He had closed his eyes then. He closed off the world, the sounds, the feeling of the fire. He remembered smiling when the fire left his senses, when the smell of burned flesh disappeared and the pain vanished. He heard his sister scream, not in pain, but in anger, and he clung to that anger as the only reality in his head until he felt arms around him. He had opened his eyes, not to find hell or heaven, but to find Chelsea. She was looking worried, but that was not what he noticed. He saw the white skin, the red eyes, and he knew he had nothing to fear. He let her cradle him, his sister besides him and then in his arms when she refused to let Chelsea hold around her. He could not hold himself up, his legs burning and hurting, but he still ignored it, focused on the fact that Chelsea had no smell, that her voice was melodic and her skin was so so cold. Aro smiled when he came over, and Jane backed away, into Alec's chest. She was scared of the blood, but Alec could feel in her that she was gleeful in the knowledge that this was the blood of the people who'd tried to kill them. Alec mourned them, the people who had defined him, created him. He said no such thing to Aro when he offered them eternity, and he did not complain when Jane accepted for the both of them. She screamed, never handled pain well, and Alec held her hand, soothing her until she did not scream anymore. Aro looked at him then, as if expecting him to refuse the change after seeing his sister suffer. But what Aro could not understand was that Alec would do anything for his sister. He would sit in silence when every nerve in his body screamed in pain to soothe her, and he would follow her to a world of pain to have eternity with her, so he bared his neck and felt Aro's teeth sink into his skin. First, darkness had consumed him, but then the fire erupted, shooting through his veins, engulfing him in flame, but he felt no pain. He did not scream, but followed the fire through his body, felt how it made him stronger, made him indestructible and powerful. He liked the fire, embraced the pain he knew came of it as it licked his insides and transformed him. Even as Aro had questioned him, Alec had felt it had not been his choice. Jane had taken that choice away from him when she became a vampire, when she left him in the dust. Chelsea came and sat beside him, putting a hand on his shoulder. He closed his eyes and stilled the legs which had been swinging in the open air. "I can feel it every day," she told him softly, and he dared not open his eyes. He let her hand fall around his shoulder, soft and yielding like it hadn't been when she pulled him from his funeral pyre. "I can feel you trying to break free. Do you not want to be here anymore?" She asked, and he hated how she sounded hurt. She had always been the one to take care of them. She could create all the bonds she wanted, but she could not create new feelings in herself, and Alec could feel the care she had for him and his sister. As if she could see them burning every day like he could. "I want to be given a choice. I want to be here because it's home, not because you're making me," he opened his eyes and looked at her, pleaded with her. The emotion felt foreign to him. There was no space for pleading or weakness in the Volturi, but there was in Chelsea's heart, and he knew that heart well enough to take advantage of it. "Please let me go Chelsea." He looked down again, let his lashes move slowly to bring out the guilt in Chelsea. He knew he should feel bad, that he should give her the choice as he wanted his own, but he had been here too long. He knew what he wanted, and he would get it. Too long he had longed for too much. The fog lifted slowly, but as it rose, it was no fog anymore. It felt like a weight taken off of his shoulders, as an armor he had been wearing around his heart and around his body which now left him exposed to a whole new world, a whole new sense. He had once met a vampire whose power was that all his senses worked in harmony. He could smell, hear, see, feel and taste music. Alec felt like all of his senses had gone together and created an entirely new sense which created a harmony in them. This was what freedom felt like. He spread his arms wide and let the freedom soar through his body, rushing him to flying over a field of possibilities, but he was quickly brought down to earth again. He remembered why he needed this freedom, and he thought of Aro, of the Volturi, and of this place as a home. But it had been a long time since Alec could use his heart, and it appeared he did not know how to read it anymore. Corin had never managed to make Alec feel content, it had always been Chelsea's power he could feel, and now where it had left him, he felt empty, betrayed somehow. It was easy to feel when someone took control of your feelings, but Alec's heart could not keep up. His head felt fuzzy and for the first time in his entire life as a vampire, he felt dizzy. All his impressions and feelings and thoughts of everyone and everything suddenly battled for attention, tried to settle in categories and form an opinion for him, but 1300 years worth of impressions, feelings and thoughts did not settle so fast and he laid down on the wall. Chelsea left him there, and he did not get up before sunrise. When he left, entered the Volturi, the prison where he had to pretend nothing had changed when everything was suddenly seen in a new light, he felt oddly vulnerable, oddly human. He stood guard all day, he feasted on the humans Heidi brought for them, but for the first time, he felt disgusted with himself over what he was doing. He had been saved and had willingly given in to pain and oblivion, not knowing if eternity would follow. But these people. They knew nothing of what was being handed to them, and they did not give this willingly. For the first time, he said sorry when he fed. It was a mutter against the throat of the person he was sitting with, and he knew they could not hear him anyway, for a mist was clouding their senses, making their last seconds peaceful. Aro did not look oddly at him, and Jane did not notice any difference as he stood with a hand on her shoulder, feeling the memories of her de-cloud. But there had never been any reason to bind him to her, so it was easily done. He easily found his care, his love for her and his protectiveness. It was harder when they were sent out. Chelsea argued, he could hear her when he laid in his room. She did not want him to go, but she could not explain to Aro why. She would not betray him. He felt the swell of affection in his chest and almost worried at the unnatural feeling, at the surrealism. There was no argument which would prevail though. Alec would cause fear in the creator of ravaging newborns, and he could shut the newborns down, make them easy targets. He went without complaints as it was expected of him, but he could feel the knot in his stomach. They had come for two newborns, but when they arrived in the small Danish town, there