She's Immortal and He's Dead Note: I'm going to completely ignore the fact that Luke had asked Annabeth if she had ever loved him. For the sake of this story, Luke have always been in love with Thalia. Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson unfortunately... Actually she thought about him a lot. More than a lot. And as much as she hate to admit it, she probably thinks about him more than Aphrodite does about her own reflection. Thalia scoffed at her attempt at the funny joke. Please if anything she is positive that Aphrodite is probably messing with her head right now that fucking goddess of love- not that Thalia herself is in love. She quickly sharpened her arrows and made her way to the camp's shooting range. The Second Titan war had just ended and Thalia was honestly just looking for an escape. To be honest, she was kind of pissed off at the Son of Poseidon for brushing off immortality as if it's not a big deal… but the Kelp Head's loyalty to Annabeth was something to be admired… something that she had failed to a certain "family". She had given up immortality once for the stupid Luke Castellan and that had hurt her… real bad. She was blindly confused by the stupid emotional that was brought to reality by the giddly Aphrodite and allowed herself to be clouded from Luke's future corruption. She didn't trust Zoe's words about Luke's destiny. She believed that she belonged with him and he belonged with her. Thalia dug into her side to pull out a knife and threw it at the target. Stupid naive young Thalia. Then Percy Jackson had to give up immortality for Annabeth. That made her question her own logic. Her last encounter with Luke Castellan before she had chosen the route of maidenhood. " Luke… what happened to you?" Thalia Grace does not cry, but at the moment at the sight of her former best friend she couldn't help but hold back the threatening tears. Luke took a step towards her as he uncovered their previous hatred of their fathers and Thalia couldn't help but back away. " It'll be like old times," He continued. "The three of us together. Fighting for a better world." Thalia wanted nothing more than to believe this guy. The guy who used to be everything to her. Her family, her friend, and at times… the only person that she could trust. " You aren't Luke." She said the pain obvious in her voice. "I don't know you anymore." She had thought that he was gone. He was far from being saved. But at the same time she couldn't help but wonder… what if she had survived and made it to camp? Would she and Luke…? She shook the thought out of her head. She's a Hunter now and he's dead, nothing can hold her back anymore. Thalia Grace, the hardcore daughter of Zeus is still standing. " He's a traitor! A traitor!" Thalia had insisted the tears were obvious now. She hated herself for crying and over a guy who's not even worth the tears. Annabeth yelled something from the side but Thalia couldn't hear the younger girl's voice. Her main focus was on the boy. " Is that what you want Thalia? To go back to Olympus in triumph? To please your dad?" Luke sneered. He had struck a cord and he knew it. But at the same time she still saw the noble guy beneath all the pain and misery. The guy who gave her his share of the bread while he starved himself for days. Also the same guy who had always been there for her… well up to the point where she turned into a tree. Annabeth may call Percy the exact replica of Thalia but Thalia saw Percy as an exact replica of Luke. They were both noble. They were both clueless as fuck. Hades, she was even willing to bet that if Annabeth haven't been there to ground the stupid Kelp Brain, he would've been as good as a pawn of Kronos as he is of the gods. Speaking of which… she silently wondered if Luke would've turned out so corrupted if she had survived- immediately she brushed that thought away. She's a fucking hunter. She was jealous plainly speaking. Percy, Annabeth and Grover had been there while she was pinned under her stupid godly stepmother's statue. "Holy Cow Shit Hera." Thalia mumbled under her breath as the sound of thunder rumbled across the clear sky. Shaking her head off the thought Thalia shot three arrows, each pinning it's mark precisely at the bulls-eye. ' If only life was that easy.'' Thalia thought with a frown as she remembered her own encounter with Hermes. It was right after she woke up. The messenger god was the first person to visit the still frail daughter of Zeus. " If you could just talk to him-" Hermes insisted. But Thalia was stubborn. She has been out of commision for a few years and Luke Castellan! The nerve of that guy! He goes on a revenge rampage and decide to team up with the evil Titan Lord?! " No! He made his choice pretty clear!" " He listens to you and he-" " Well maybe, if you had been more of an attentive father he wouldn't run away!" Thalia yelled at the messenger god who stood there awestruck at the nerve of a weak patient. Hermes glared at her but at the same time the god could probably sense that Thalia wasn't changing her mind. She was a pain in the butt because of her stubborn nature. " He did this because of you-" Hermes insisted placing the blame on her shoulders. Blame game? Two can play the game Hermes. " No! He did this because of you! Because he had hated you for so long! I may be the last straw that caused him to crack but everything is because of you!" Thalia was mad… pissed even. No actually she was hurt. She was hurt that he didn't even think of using the fleece to heal her, the correct term was that she was hurt. Luke had intentionally or unintentionally raised her back from her coma-like state. But it wasn't a friendly gesture, it was a slap in the face. Like 'hey Thalia, i'm with the evil Kronos now, so come and join me.' That sly son of a thieving god. Hate and love. Love and hate. Two things so different yet holds the same amount of passion. When Percy announced Luke's death, Thalia wasn't sure whether the pang from her heart came from an unfulfilled love or a disappointed 'I-didn't-get-to-kill-him' hate. "You don't have to pretend Thalia." A voice called out. She put down her bow and turned around already knowing who it was. She nodded her head in his direction and he trotted over. "Grover Underwood, Lord of the Wild." She announced with a slight smile. Same old Grover. He blushed at the comment as if he wasn't used to the sudden title. "You know… Luke really did sacrifice himself." Grover began. "He-" Thalia snapped the arrow she was holding in half, "What makes you think I care? He's dead-" "I'm not stupid Thalia." Grover said nervously. His fingers twitching towards his reeds that were hanging on his side. "I've been a third wheel for longer than you can imagine." He said with a laugh. "The most obvious one being with Percy and Annabeth but I could tell that there was something between you and Luke-" That did it. Thalia stood up and shocked the satyr. "Ouch!" Grover hands immediately went up to rub the sting. "Why'd you do that?" Thalia scoffed, "You deserved it." Grover mumbled a few unpleasant words under his breath before continuing. "Do you want to see him?" "What?" "He's asking if you want to see Luke Castellan." Another voice appeared from beside her. Thalia recognized the voice immediately as the voice of Nico Di Angelo. She still wasn't sure what to think of this son of Hades. The kid was a mystery and half of the time she wonders if Nico Di Angelo was really on their side. Thalia scoffed… she should've asked Luke that question years ago. The daughter of Zeus glared at the younger kid, "I know what he meant but what makes you guys think I need to see him!" "Because he wants to see you obviously." The kid in black said with a slightly annoying tone. "I didn't ask you Death Breath!" Okay so she didn't really mean to lash out at the kid but any mention of Luke just keeps her so irritated and impulsive. "Well I didn't ask you either, Luke asked you." He stated nonchalantly. Thalia gritted her teeth and aimed her next arrow at the tree right behind the son of Hades. The idiotic kid didn't even bother flinching. Irritated Thalia took another arrow- "Hey hey hey! We came here to talk, not to fight. Thalia put your bow and arrow down for a second." Grover immediately intervene. After a moment's decision Thalia slowly put down her weapon and turned to the satyr. "What?" "Everyone's in there for his funeral-" "Doesn't mean that I have to be in there." Thalia shot back. "Same thing I said but Grover dragged me to you." Nico mumbled. "And your annoying dead boyfriend was sending me telepathic message to me about you. It's getting annoying." "Well then tell him to shut the fuck up!" Thalia yelled at the son of Hades. "You hear that Luke! Shut the fuck up! I don't need to hear your stupid excuses!" She yelled at the ground. "Gods... and people thought I was the crazy one." Nico mumbled. "I talk to ghost and she's pretty much talking to the ground." She had enough of that little shit. "Now listen here you little shit-" Thalia took a threatening step towards Nico, who wasn't even fazed even a tiny bit. Grover stepped in between the two cousins. "Thalia listen to me." Thalia turned to face one of her oldest friend, "No you listen to me Grover. You tell that stupid idiot that I don't want to talk to him!" "I think she wants to talk to him." The little shit answered. "I don't think I asked for your opinion kid." Thalia glared at him. "I wasn't talking to you to begin with. I was talking to Grover." He retorted back. "Plus, I'm way older than you kid." Nico mocked. Thalia stomped her feet angrily, a habit that she (sadly) had taken from Annabeth. "You guys can crown him as some little hero but to me, he was simply just a coward who betrayed his friends." Thalia grumbled. Nico sighed and pulled out a small Happy Meal serving and placed it on the floor. "Tell that to him yourself then Grace." Thalia flinched at her last name as she stared at the son of Hades. "Look, maybe Luke didn't really make the right decision but he made the correct one at the end. I'm not defending your friend or anything but can you blame the guy? There's a reason why my dad allowed Luke to die as a hero." The son of Hades poured some root beer over her tree. Thalia's tree. "What the Hades are you doing?" Nico smirked, "Hades stuff." "That's not what I meant you little shit." Thalia grumbled. He's pouring root beer on her tree. Her fucking tree. "I'm summoning Luke Castellan." He replied. Thalia wasn't sure whether or not to be happy. Instead she stared at Grover the satyr who looked just as uncomfortable as she was. Sure she knew Nico had summoned the dead but she couldn't help but be scared of the kid. The thing is… Thalia Grace does not scare easily. "I'm just as uncomfortable as you are." Grover shifted nervously as if he had