Disclaimer: This story does not belong to me, it belongs to Rick Riordan. AN: Hi guys, just doing a slight touch up on the first chapter, ie. fixing spelling mistakes/minor changes. Don't worry about the next chapter, I haven't forgotten about it. It's in the process of being worked on, it's just a kind of awkward to get through, but once I've passed it I will have a much easier time of writing the story out. Anyways enough ramblings. Enjoy. Salacia stormed out of the ocean in a fit of rage, the once gentle waves mirroring anger. How dare he do it again, he swore an oath on the Styx, and now we may all suffer for his transgressions. She had hoped that in her Roman form she could contain the volatile emotions swirling through her. That the sorrow and anger she was promised to never again suffer would at least be dulled. It had helped to an extent; she didn't feel the betrayal directly, her mind instead focusing on the imminent consequences of her husband's lustful actions. But in the recesses of her heart she felt Amphitrite, her Greek counterpart, those raw emotions threatened to rip control of their conscious and lay waste to everything before her. The storm of which she was the centre responded violently to Amphitrite's scorned heart. Salacia almost laughed to herself. I am the goddess who calms the winds and seas, yet here as I am none would recognize me. She had known that one day this would happen; the rational side of her knew that despite the promises Poseidon swore to her, it was not in his nature to remain true to her forever. After all the sea does not like to be restrained. Yet the shy love stricken Nereid in her had believed that maybe, for once, he would stay faithful to her. Salacia sighed, she had hoped in the least that he keep his oath for longer than a mere 60 years. As the storm around her grew in strength and ferocity, she resolved to move further from the sea. Perhaps some distance would lessen Amphitrite's rage and cause less damage to those unfortunate enough to be nearby. Although she didn't care much for the mortal world, only approaching land a handful of times, she still worried for those poor souls caught defenceless against the ocean's magnificent might. Whenever Poseidon lost his temper deep within Atlantis about trivial matters, often-times involving Zeus, and the seas turbulence reflected his mood, Amphitrite would always be the one to soothe away his anger, and calm the storms. This is the worst possible time to be thinking about Poseidon , she admonished as she felt a new wave of Amphitrite's anguish wash over her. The storm intensified tenfold, the palm trees on the beach beginning to pull against their earthly restraints, twelve-foot tall waves battering the shore. Heavy rain hammered everything within sight, and although the storm didn't dare approach Salacia, she found it hard to make out her surroundings. She hurried inland, planning to let her inner turmoil ebb away before returning to the tumultuous depths. If there was one coherent though that Amphitrite had, which they both agreed on, was that she would not be returning to Atlantis forthwith. Despite her love for the city and her subjects within it, she wouldn't contemplate facing that bastard. Perhaps I may consider a return to that quiet life on the seabed I loved, before he took that away from me, she though bitterly. She adored Delphine, but for the first time in recent memory she wished he had never come to her with that damned proposal from Poseidon. At least then this heartbreak would never have occurred. The ground underneath her suddenly shifted, no longer was she standing on the soft sand, but rather on a hard black surface. A bright light shone from behind her, and as she turned to face it she observed a metal construct that only Hephaestus would have dreamed up approaching her. The metal carriage swerved off the road, the driver finally taking notice of her amidst the harsh downpour. Salacia's heart leapt to her throat as it proceeded to collided with a large tree. Meanwhile the maelstrom around her started to calm, it seemed that Amphitrite finally became aware of the situation. Salacia immediately rushed to the scene, hoping that the mortal would be unharmed. No! Not this is, this was what I wanted to avoid. As she reached the device she observed that the front was completely destroyed, glass covering the ground in a thousand pieces. She hurriedly ripped open what appeared to be a door, and pulled out a young pregnant mortal from the wreckage. The woman was barely breathing, most likely due to the large glass shard protruding from her ribcage. "My…baby," the woman gasped out with laboured breaths. Salacia could not help but admire the woman, even in such a state she first worries about her child . Salacia quickly placed her ear to the woman's stomach and listened closely for the telltale sound of a small beating heart. "It lives," Salacia assured the mortal, her voice quiet as she struggled to keep her emotions in check. The woman visibly relaxed, barely managing to force herself awake. Salacia was torn with grief; Amphitrite's rage had practically killed an innocent mortal and her unborn child. She was ripped from her thoughts as the woman slowly lifted her hand, it shakily reached up to rest upon the small crab claw-like horns adorning Salacia's head. A clear-sighted mortal , she mused, I was under the impression none still existed . Before she could form another thought, the woman spoke again. "Are, are you a goddess?" she asked slowly. Salacia nodded in affirmation, still dazed from the events that had occurred. "Can you…can you save him? My baby?" the woman pleaded, the desperation in her voice undeniable. Salacia finally regained control of herself, "I may be unable heal you, your wound is severe and my powers are not of the nature to help. But I may be able to save the child, if I…if I cut him out of you..." The words hurt even as she spoke them. This mortal's life was over because her and she could not even assist in easing her death. The woman was quiet as she contemplated the offer. Then she slowly shook her head. "It's not my life I care about," she started, "But cutting him out won't work, he's too small, I'm only 4 months along." The young woman finally letting out a cry as she began to sob, "I thought he would be safe away from New York," she said in between the sobs, "It's all my fault, I shouldn't have even brought him into this world." Salacia was even more distraught but held in her reaction, instead choosing to comfort the woman. "You could not have known," she started softly, "It is not a fault to bare a child, quite the opposite, it is the most beautiful gift we can ever receive. To hold it in your embrace, to nurture and care for it, no, it is the most extraordinary feeling in the world. You must not burden yourself for that desire. It is not your fault but mine, I failed to keep my anger bound…" she trailed off, the guilt almost consuming her. The young woman spoke again. "It's not that I didn't want him, but I would've cursed him to the worst possible life. Even if he was born he would've been pursued by monsters all his life. He wouldn't be able to live a normal life." The child is a demigod , Salacia realized, N o wonder this mortal is not surprised by my appearance, she has already been in the presence of a god. She was jarred from her musings by the woman's next words. "Even if the monsters didn't get him, Zeus would've been after him, he would stop at nothing to kill my baby," she confided softly. Salacia barely registered what she said however, instead swearing a silent vow to herself. This poor mortal is doomed from my actions, but I may still save the child. It could be dangerous to both myself and the child, it may not even work, but I will not just sit aside idly and do nothing. Salacia spoke again, "I will save your child, I swear it." She ignored the look of disbelief on the woman's face and continued speaking, "It presents immense risks, yet I cannot think of anything else. I must first request a favour." She barely finished before the clouds above dispersed, revealing the rapidly fading sunset behind them. Salacia proceeded to conjure a spray of mist and spoke into the newly formed rainbow."Iris, I must speak to Hecate immediately, it is a matter of life and death." The rainbow immediately formed an image depicting a young woman sitting in a throne; she was dressed in a black sleeveless gown which seemed to ripple, as though the cloth had ink spilling out of it. Her golden hair was set into a strange and ancient-looking ponytail and beside her crouched a black Labrador retriever alongside a polecat. She appeared to be have been caught mid sentence as her mouth was hanging open, however the words died out in her throat. The woman slowly closed her mouth, before composing herself. "Lady Amphitrite, or is it Salacia? Regardless, what a surprise, how may I be of assistance?" The woman asked with a serene smile; however the annoyed look in her eyes divulged her true feelings on the disturbance. Her black eyes began to observe the surroundings, silently taking note of the young woman whose face paled upon hearing the exchange. "I must apologize for the disturbance Hecate, but I need a favour." Salacia responded bluntly. "It is an urgent matter which requires your immediate presence." After a moment the woman nodded slowly, barely restraining herself from asking any questions. "I'll be there shortly." The woman said, her hand slicing through the image a second later. Salacia sighed in relief, but it was short lived, her subconscious finally processing what the mortal had last stated. "Why would Zeus be after your child?" she started, "The only demigods he hates are…" she stopped suddenly, sucking in her breath, "…children of Hades and Poseidon." Amphitrite's rage surged anew, the maelstrom starting to return. This is the mortal, with whom Poseidon broke his oath, that child is his! Salacia forced Amphitrite's emotions away and calmed the storm once again. It matters not whose child it is. The child is innocent of any wrongdoings, and we have already caused the impending death of his mother. Your revenge for Poseidon's betrayal has already been achieved. She was sickened by that last thought, and she could tell that Amphitrite was as well. Regardless of what the conditions were, neither her Roman nor Greek forms were cold-blooded killers. She was always the calm of the sea, always a caring mother, always that shy gentle Nereid who cared for the creatures around her. She was most definitely not a vengeful goddess like Hera, never had she brought misery on any of Poseidon's children, even going so far as assisting Theseus. Rather whenever she looked upon them it renewed her sadness and pain, as they were proof of Poseidon's faithlessness. That had never given her reason to do anything other than turn away from them, and try to ignore their existent. The young woman silently observed Salacia's internal war in fear. Eventually Salacia's thoughts cooled Amphitrite's anger and she turned to the woman giving her a small reassuring smile. "Do not worry, I will not bring harm to you or your child, you have suffered enough pain on my account," she said softly. The woman look stunned, but her hands lay protectively over her belly still not fully assured of her safety. "I do not hate you, and