AN: Hi and hello, everyone! Been a while, hm? So, I found this thing of absolute and utter beauty, post/93315762683/i-wanted-to-draw-something-happy-but-i-drew-a (take the spaces out) And I couldn't not write something about mini Frodo. I needed more of little! Frodo in my life, so this was it. So, go check out that beautiful artwork! Somehow, that wound up with Hobbit children having imaginary friends and Frodo coming home from visiting Cousin Bilbo one day with a new one of his very own, named Oak. Yes, the name is a cop out, but in this story, Frodo is 3 and a quarter, okay? I don't remember being that age, but I'm guessing he wouldn't be very adept at saying, 'Yes, mother, my imaginary friend's name is Thorin Oakenshield, son of Thrain, son of Thror, King Under The Mountain, and may he stay for dinner tonight?' I'm just saying. Movie! Thorin probably spent a lot of time around his own nephews at that age, he'd know that calling himself Oak would be easier for everyone. Deal. Couple of notes on context: Note 1) When Hobbits reach a certain age, they forget their imaginary friends. This is partly due to pressure from others/ adults to "grow up" and become the stuffy little guys who bore post-adventure Bilbo so much. It sucks, but what can you do. Frodo, obviously, is the exception to this rule. Belladonna, Bilbo's mother, is another, because she was having none of their nonsense. - she was a Took, and she would adventure with her imaginary companion as long as they damn well pleased. Bilbo, pre-adventure, was more of a Baggins than a Took, AS WE ALL KNOW, so he followed the trend and grew up. After, he loosened up a little bit (heartache will do that to a guy, I guess). Note 2) As to the "seeing Thorin" thing, it's kind of a case by case basis. General rule of thumb is that, the closer or more important someone is to Frodo, the more likely they are to see Thorin's shadow tagging along behind him. Thorin is still dead - his spirit came back. He denies it, but he's kind of like a wraith, which is why Frodo can see him when he wears the Ring. It's also why Elves can see him - You just know that if Elrond couldn't, he would take stupid amounts of joy in tormenting him, but Elrond is wise to your tricks, Thorin. Gandalf can see him because he's Gandalf. Boromir and Gollum can see him because of the pull of the Ring. Thorin is still technically a part of the other world, hence why he makes Boromir and Gollum so uncomfortable. The Ring is already pulling on them, so they are more vulnerable and thus why Thorin's presence creeps them out so much. Thorin chooses to let Bilbo and Sam see him; a) because there should never be a world where Bilbo Baggins can't see Thorin Oakenshield, and b) because Sam is so close to Frodo. Aragorn can see him because of the blood of Numenor (See notes on Elrond). Gimli can see him because he's a member of the Line of Durin, so Thorin chooses to let him see him, and because Dwarves are stupidly resistant to the pull of the Ring. Note 3) This is a blend of movie and book, but it's heavily weighted towards the movie, hence the inclusion of Arwen and Tauriel, as well as some other details. I was a little iffy on including Tauriel, but I figured that Bilbo wouldn't hesitate to tease Thorin, and what better way to do that than by saying, 'Oh, by the way, I was going to check in on your nephew's girlfriend. You know, the one who is guarding your most hated enemy? Yes, Thranduil did say I could come visit whenever I please.' and then just sitting back and watching as the vein in Thorin's forehead throbbed. Note 4) I know that the Undying Lands probably doesn't work the way I wrote it. Don't care. The third movie will hurt enough - let me shoehorn in some happiness. Note 5) This is a family story, but don't think there isn't a fair amount of Bagginshield and angst. Note 6) This is the big one : DISCLAIMER: I OWN EXACTLY NOTHING. IF YOU RECOGNIZE IT, I DON'T OWN IT. I'M JUST BRUSHING THE DUST OFF OF MY CREATIVE WRITING; I AM NOT MAKING ANYTHING OFF OF ANYTHING YOU SEE HERE. K? K. A lot of notes there... I think I got everything. Enjoy, guys! Hobbits aren't particularly prone to imaginary friends once they get past a certain age. When they're young, of course – every child has his or her own imaginary friend to go adventuring with in dark cupboards when rain or snow keep them inside. They could be rabbits or squirrels, even different types of birds – Belladonna Took was famous amongst her friends for having an imaginary bear who would keep her company when she went on her rambles. It's never talked about, except in hushed whispers by children who gather under the Party Tree, but at a certain age, these imaginary friends simply vanish. Those who once had them never mention them again, not even when their children make friends of their own and begin to ask whether or not their friend can join the family for dinner. (The answer is almost universally yes.) For the children of the Shire, it's an unspoken but unavoidable fact: once a certain age has been reached, imaginary friends are best left at home and boys or girls of one's own age replaces them, followed not long after by a husband or wife and children of their own. This is generally regarded as perfectly acceptable – to all those over said certain age, of course. To the children it's quite horrifying, and more than one child has been heard fervently promising to never forget their friend, not ever. – and is typically met with accepting nods from other adults who had walked the same path. Bilbo Baggins himself, much like his mother, had had his own imaginary friend – a baby eagle, who would sit perched on his shoulder and protect him from all sorts of horrible beasties while out adventuring with his cousins. No one ever asked why he'd laugh about it years later because, well. Mad Baggins laughed about a lot of things which weren't really very funny, or so the Sackville-Bagginses would have you believe. It came to the surprise of exactly no one when, at the age of 3 and a quarter, he will have you know, little Frodo Baggins came home from a visit to Cousin Bilbo in Hobbiton and spent the next two days loudly telling anyone who would listen about the adventures he and his new friend, Oak, got up to. This was met with a smile and a shake of the head. As Bilbo would declare in an oddly pinched voice, Frodo was a Baggins, not some blockheaded Bracegirdle from Hardbottle. If he could find a way to befriend an oak tree, he would do so, and they'd have the grandest adventures the world would ever see. Drogo and Primula, of course, simply agreed and shook their heads. It was their boy listening to that Wizard again, they guessed. He'd been telling him stories about talking trees during Bilbo's last birthday party at Bag End; this was just the beginning of a phase. Bilbo wasn't so sure, and Frodo didn't care either way. He and Oak got up to all sorts of adventures – Oak would tell him stories of an underground kingdom with walls veined with gold; about the mischief children can get up to and the grey hairs they can cause their long-suffering uncle; about how camping under the stars with your best friend and your siblings could become one of the memories you cherish most in your long life; and about how nothing – not jewels or gold or all the riches on or below the earth – was more important than the safety of those he loved, and you'd best not forget it, young Master Baggins. When Drogo, Primula and the rest of Buckland heard these stories, they reacted well enough. Bucklanders had a taste for adventuring – not as much as the Tooks, but enough to cause their parents some sleepless nights. This was just the Bucklander blood coming into play, they said. He'll grow out of it. When word got through to Hobbiton though, well . You should have heard the uproar the SBs caused – they went right up to Bilbo and accused him of meddling, of attempting to ruin any chance the poor lad had of having a normal life by telling him stories and telling him to go on adventures. When word of this reprimand made it back to Buckland, Primula Baggins, nee Brandybuck and having been quite the adventurer herself in her youth, was having exactly none of that. She told the lot of them, and Lobelia Bracegirdle, who fancied herself a Sackville-Baggins even though she and Otho hadn't married yet, to keep her noses out of the business of their betters, and that her cousin Bilbo had been the best uncle her boy could have asked for. He'd said nothing of adventures or stories ; he'd brought the lad toys and books and spent time with him, wandering with them and listening to his adventures with Oak. Which, she said sternly, was more than certain other relations of her Frodo could say, having never spent more than an hour with the boy outside of his birthdays, where they walked away the richer with their gifts. Sufficiently silenced and Frodo none-the-wiser, life went on for the residents of the Shire. Year after year, imaginary friends came and went, feet being awkwardly shuffled in silence when someone was asked where their friend was that day. Primula and Drogo died in the Brandywine one spring evening, and Frodo was sent to live with his mother's kin. He became unbearably sad and Oak seemed to be the only thing to make him smile. In Brandy Hall, things changed. He wasn't a child anymore, they told him. It was time he grew up and left his imaginary friends behind him, what with the death of his parents – and what a crock of lies the rumours their deaths caused were. When he was informed of these rumours by a very sour faced Hamfast Gamgee, Bilbo was sorely tempted to disinherit the lot of them, and in a few cases he did. He tried to shield Frodo from it as best he could, but the Brandybucks wouldn't tolerate Frodo being out of their sight. He'd be better off, they told Bilbo when he came to visit, if Bilbo just left him be. He'd get over it in his own time, and he'd find truer friends than some figment of his imagination in his cousins. Bilbo vehemently disagreed, and suddenly found himself unable to return to Hobbiton due to a sudden, dreadful summer cold. He stayed at the Hall for two weeks, spending time with Frodo and Oak, until he was told quite rudely that it was time he left. Frodo sobbed for two weeks straight, and more than once he said that Oak was furious with the lot of them for upsetting his cousin Bilbo so much. He was soundly shushed and sent to his room without supper. The next time Bilbo came to visit at Brandy Hall, the damage had been done. Oak, who'd never left Frodo's side when he was being bullied by his cousins or when he had a new book to read, was suddenly absent, and with the large population at Brandy Hall, there was no one who really noticed when Frodo went quiet. When Bilbo asked, Frodo just shook his head in silence and put his nose back into his book. When