AN: Hello everyone! I'm not quite sure what to say about this story; It just came at me randomly this afternoon when I was watching Youtube videos for Eowyn and Faramir, then suddenly I thought, "Huh. What would Eomer have to say about this?" And then it just kind of spiralled until I wrote this. It's a modern AU, where Eowyn is a nursing intern, Faramir is an paramedic, and Eomer is almost stupidly perceptive. There is an appearance of Gandalf (Mr. Grayhame), as well as Merry, Pippin, Aragorn by proxy and a somewhat snarky Arwen. Why? Because I can, and because I love them. This is the first, and probably only, Lord of the Rings story I'll be publishing, so I hope everyone enjoys it. Disclaimer: I own nothing. If you recognize it, I do not own it, I am making nothing off of it. If I was, I wouldn't be working towards a communications degree while contemplating a paralegal certificate and a public relations diploma. So no, I own nothing. Enjoy! It took everything in Eomer not to tug mercilessly on the strand of hair that was caught in his motorcycle helmet when his bike rolled to a stop in one of the hospital parking spaces. His phone had rung in the middle of class and he'd needed to call in a favour from Aragorn to cover for him during rugby that night. Eowyn's friend Merry had called him from the hospital to tell him that Eowyn had got into an accident when she was leaving her internship at the hospital that day. He hadn't said what was wrong exactly, just that she was hurt, and Eomer had already packed up his things and headed for the door. When he paced through the automatic hospital doors, he knew he looked like a disaster but he'd dare any of them to call him on it just then. The tall blond man walked up to the welcome desk and recognized the brunette behind the desk as Arwen, the girl who had been more or less Aragorn's wife since they were six and she pushed him down in the sandbox. It'd been a long eighteen years, he reflected. If his friend didn't move his ass and give her a ring before the new year, Eomer would make good on his threat and buy one for him himself. "Eomer, you didn't have to rush over.", Arwen said in greeting when she glanced up at saw him walking towards her. "Where is she?", he replied. "Merry called me and said one of the other interns hit her bike when she was driving out?" Arwen rolled her eyes and picked up a bundle of papers encased in a manila folder. She stood up and walked around the desk, saying, "It's not that bad. Someone did hit her, but both she and the bike are fine. She's been checked out by a doctor and other than being in a bad mood and having a sore shoulder from landing, she'll be just fine." "I don't care if she's got a scratch, Arwen, Eowyn's my little sister. I'm her emergency contact and I had to find out from Merry that she was hurt. Why didn't you call me?", Eomer demanded as she led him to the elevator. "Because your little sister told me I didn't need to and if I did, she'd see to it that my dad found out I wasn't sleeping over at your house last weekend.", Arwen said tiredly as they took the elevator up three floors. Despite himself, Eomer snorted with laughter as they exited the elevator. Elrond Pendragon may've been the "Go To" parent when they were growing up but once he caught wind of Aragorn being in love with his only daughter, he did everything he could to surround Arwen with an iron curtain well into her twenties, and she'd done everything short of renting a plane to get over that wall since she'd turned sixteen. Eomer had given the entire situation a wide berth but once she got over the brief crush she had on Aragorn (And man, had that been an awkward summer.), Eowyn had delighted in helping Arwen, giving her ready excuses and vouching for Arwen's presence at their house whenever Elrond asked. If Eomer had a dollar for every time Arwen Pendragon had been "sleeping over" at he and his sister's apartment, he and Eowyn would each own a Harley. "Which doctor did she see?", Eomer said, coughing to cover his laughter when Arwen narrowed her eyes at him. "Dr. Greyhame, of course. Eowyn wouldn't let anyone else look at her shoulder.", Arwen said laughing and Eomer shook his head with a smile. He loved his sister but she was stubborn. Since they'd moved into town the only doctor she would see was their uncle's old friend Dr. Grayhame. "Arwen? Ah, Eomer, you're here. Good, I was wondering if Meriadoc called you.", a wizened voice said behind them and the two turned to see Dr. Grayhame walk out of a break room with two Styrofoam cups of coffee in his hands. "Doc Grayhame? I thought Arwen said you were with Eowyn.", Eomer commented and Dr. Grayhame nodded, his long white hair tied back behind him as he joined them in the hallway. "I was but I needed to get Meriadoc away from your sister so he could call you. She was quite adamant about you not knowing she was wounded.", Dr. Grayhame explained and Eomer barely kept from rolling his eyes. "Well, she's in for a nasty surprise, isn't she?", Eomer replied with a grin and Dr. Grayhame smirked at him while Arwen rolled her eyes skyward between them. "Can you bring me to her? No offense, I just want to make sure she's really alright." "Oh none taken, none taken. Come, follow me. Arwen, are those the release forms?", Dr. Grayhame asked and Arwen answered with a nod. "I thought I'd bring them up while Eomer was here.", she said, handing the papers over. She turned to Eomer and with a cross expression on her face, she said, "If she asks, I never left the registration desk and I had no idea you were here. And if my father asks when you get back to school, I'm staying over at your place with Eowyn this weekend to study for an English lit exam. Right?" "Right.", Eomer answered with a nod and Arwen smiled at the two, then walked back to the elevator. When the doors slid shut, Dr. Grayhame turned to Eomer and said, "I'm not entirely sure Aragorn knew what he was getting in to with that young lady.", the doctor observed with a slight smile. Aragorn was his godson, his father being Dr. Grayhame's best friend when they were in school, and the doctor had done everything he could to smooth the way for Aragorn to get past Elrond and date his daughter. Eomer wouldn't say it had been a resounding success, but thus far Elrond had reacted to Aragorn's efforts better than Eomer would have in his situation. Eomer snorted and the two men continued walking down the hallway. "I don't think he'd care if he did. He's been head over feet for that girl since we were in kindergarten.", he replied then asked, "You're sure Eowyn is okay? No lasting damage?" "My boy, she's fine. She bounced right back.", Dr. Grayhame assured him. "Bouncing back is one thing, but-" "My lad, you don't give your sister enough credit. Her strength would have given your uncle a run for his money had he lived to see it." Their uncle Theoden Mark had died of a heart attack soon after their cousin Theo was killed in a bar fight seven years before. It'd hit him hard, and Eomer and Eowyn had seen firsthand that he'd gone on and continued living until the very last moment, but he just couldn't overcome that obstacle. Eowyn had hated bars ever since, and Eomer was unapologetically protective over her. They were all the other had now. "No, I know you're right. She's … incredible. Stubborn, headstrong, wilful, proud, but she's strong. But she's also my little sister; I have a right to worry.", Eomer conceded with a small smile. She'd been a holy terror as a child, always getting into trouble she doing things she shouldn't have been, but that was his sister. "You do, but I would advise you to keep the worrying to a minimum, at least for the first few days.", Dr. Grayhame said lightly then knocked on a door with the placard, E. Shields. "It's open." Something in Eomer's chest unlocked when he heard his sister's voice. Dr. Grayhame pushed open the door and when his sister's eyes caught sight of him trailing in behind the doctor, Eowyn let out an aggravated sigh and leaned back on her pillows. "Let me guess; Arwen called you? Oh, if that girl thinks she's "sleeping over" at our place this weekend, she has another thing coming." Eomer laughed as his sister's use of air quotes and grinned at her. "Actually I heard you took issue with the rear fender of a Prius on your way home.", Eomer told her, grinning mockingly at her. "Didn't happen to get his license plate, did you?" "'#1NAZGUL', I kid you not.", Eowyn replied with a deadpan expression. Eomer burst out laughing; the Nazgul was the name of the rugby team of their rival college. "Now how did you know I was here, Eomer?" "Merry called, said I should come down and see that you were okay for myself.", Eomer explained and Eowyn's expression went slack. "That little traitor! I should have known, it doesn't take this long to go to vending machines in the lobby.", she said in a huff. When she tried to cross her arms over her chest, the movement made her wince and it took all the restraint he had not to fuss over her. "I never saw him in the lobby when I got here.", Eomer commented and then took a seat on the edge of his sister's bed. She looked pale but aside from the bandage he could see wrapping around her shoulder, she looked unhurt. "Oh, yes, I sent Meriadoc off to the ambulance bay, to bring back some wheelchairs. I'd quite forgotten.", Dr. Grayhame spoke up and Eomer watched as his sister turned slightly pink in the face. "The ambulance bay? That, um. That would explain where he went.", she said with an awkward chuckle and avoided Eomer's eyes entirely. His eyebrow almost hit his hairline; who did she think she was kidding? 'Subtlety, thy name is not Eowyn.', he thought to himself but decided to let it go. Probably some intern in the emergency ward she had a crush on, he had no idea. The only one she talked to about boys was Arwen, and Eomer had made it a personal policy long ago that he would never be on the same floor as them when they had those discussions. Arwen was dating his best friend, and Eowyn was his baby sister. No topic was off limits for them. There were some things he just didn't need to know. "I'm sure he'll be up to check on you, my dear. Now, I need to be going, I have other things to do than supervise two troublesome children.", Dr. Grayhame said sternly with a light-hearted twinkle in his eye. "You, Miss Shields, get some rest and Eomer, don't annoy your sist- Oh, goodness me." The door opened and Eomer saw a guy wearing an ambulance EMS jacket and dark hair enter the room, a 'Get Well' card and a chocolate bar – his sister's favourite, Eomer noted – in hand. "Eowyn, are you- Oh, sorry, Dr. Grayhame!" "It's quite all right, Faramir. Your shift has ended then?", the doctor asked. Eomer watched with interest as this Faramir fellow brought an almost violent blush to