Chapter 1 Hey guys! Zayden VoidStorm here. And this is My First Fan Fiction! So please if you wish to criticize then please keep it to a minimum, I'm new to this. If Any of you wish to give out helpful tips or advice I would really appreciate it. Anyways I'm trying to make this as original as I can and if there is any points in this comic that is ripping of other fan fictions I humbly apologize and will see not to make such mistakes again. Also I've made plans for this such as this will be a Percy/Artemis/Aphrodite/Piper but I some stuff like pairings for other characters that I'm uncertain so please review and help out. I don't own Percy Jackson and rights to him and his world belong to Rick Riordan And so without further ado, let's BEGIN! And So It Begins Part 1 Percy POV How many? How many months of peace after The 2nd Giant War did I have? Barely a month. How many months did I spent on missions for the Olympians? Seven, seven months of hell. And that is coming from the guy who has been to Tartarus, the very definition of hell. How long it take for my life to become worse than hell? A few hours. Hi I'm Percy Jackson, Slayer of Gaea,and Kronos, Son of Poseidon, Hero of Olympus Twice over yadi yada. You all know this by now. But you don't know what happened after. Interested ? Then let me tell you how my life changed forever, in the worst way possible. Linebreak After the 2nd Giant War, you would think we demigods would be celebrating like crazy right? Wrong, instead we grieved for all the lives that sacrificed their lives in service of Olympus, both Greek and Roman, friends and, to many, family. For Prophesied Seven we especially grieved for Leo, the only one of the Sven that didn't make it. Leo's plan to stop Gaea worked, when she was in the sky he blew himself up in fire with his bronze dragon, Festus and taking Gaea out... but the results weren't as planned. After the explosion that lit the sky, we thought it was all over but we saw a figure fall down from the sky, we thought it was Leo but when we saw that the figure was female, our hopes dropped. The figure hit the ground near Camp Half-Blood hill and after some time of deafening silence Gaea climbed out breathing heavily and then started to laugh. In her human form, Gaea would have been considered gorgeous if it weren't the fact that she was pure evil. She had luscious deep brown hair, pearl like skin, wearing a moss green dress, and a beautiful face but her eyes betrayed her look as they were pure, dark brown filled with amusement and evil. After her laughter fit she yelled out "You think that was it, you think that you could get rid of me so easily? Ha! I'm a being of power beyond that of the gods, a Primordial Force! Although I have to give props to you demigods, try to destroy me away from the Earth? I give you that, it was a brilliant plan, it did hurt me a bit, a shame it didn't work. Oh poor little Leo, died for nothing and now I will destroy you demigods, maybe keep some of you around? Maybe to see your parents die or for entertainment for my monsters. Hahahahahaha!" With that I felt rage and felt rage and energy surge inside me. She thinks she could disrespect Leo like that! Hell No! I'm gonna kill her and make sure Leo didn't die in vain! So with Riptide and a sword made of ice, I charged at Gaea but she, at the second, created two swords of earth and blocked my attack. Then we kept fighting, slashing, and blocking each other, I didn't care that she was a Primordial goddess, in my eyes she was a monster that killed my friend and she was going to pay! We kept at it for what seemed like hours and wondered how could I kept up with her when I realized she wasn't kidding before, she was hurt, more than she would admit, Leo's kamikaze attack worked and I was going to finish it. Then we clashed swords, trying, to push forward, and she started laughing saying "Hehe, impressive Jackson, to think you have survived this long against me? But you can't win, and once I do I will keep you have survived this long against me? But you can't win, and once I do I will keep you around as my little slave, force to do my bidding and I will kill your girlfriend, Father, and everyone you hold dear right in front of your eyes!" That did it! When she said that I saw red and with a sudden surge of strength I slowly pushed her back. Gaea noticed and her eyes started widening in amazement and fear. Then I blasted her back with my water powers and rushed inhumanly fast and started slashing so wildly and fast Gaea could barely block. I then used my water powers to strike her and disorient her and I started slashing at her chest directly until silver blood, Primordial Blood, was flowing out. Gaea tried to bring her swords down at me but used my ice swords to block and with a yell I stabbed Riptide in her heart. Gaea gasped, silver blood leaking out of her mouth. She then fell onto me and with her dying breath she spoke ominously in my ears "*Gasp* You may have beaten me Jackson, but *Gasp* your fate is sealed. The gods will look at you as a threat and will betray you, your friends will cast you out and your life will be filled with misery and betrayal. This,with my dying breath, I swear on the River Styx!" Thunder Rumbled in the background and with that Gaea disappeared, not turn into dust or dirt but disappeared like Pan, faded. But I didn't care or notice, I was frozen in shock, contemplating her words, not knowing or believing how true her words will be. LineBreak After the battle, the gods came and confirmed my suspicion: Gaea had faded, for good,and after some investigating so did Kronos meaning that we wouldn't have to worry about the Giants or the Titans ever again. However, I still heard Gaea's last words in my head and from the mix looks of the Olympians I almost feared they may come true. The gods then gave us a month to rest and honor the dead. So many died in service to Olympus. Leo, Reyna,Pollux, Dakota,Gwen, most of the Hunters including Phoebe, and so many others. Luckily Hades said they would all reach Elysium. The Romans stayed for a while to rest and apologize. Soon everything started to go back to normal. After the month was up the Olympians had a rewards ceremony to reward the rest of the Seven and many other heroes. The throne room looked exactly like it was when I was here after the 2nd Titan War. The thrones of the Olympians were in a semi-U shaped formation, the hearth blazed in the middle with Hestia in her 8-year old form tending to it. The walls were marble white with descriptions of the god's history and different quests from the heroes of old and new, with gold lining the cracks that were there after I fought Kronos. Above the throne room Above the throne room showed the night sky with the stars and moon shining. I, especially, saw the Huntress in the sky, glowing as if Zoe was looking down right at us. Bessie was still swimming in her bubble aquarium, mowing seemingly happy to see me. The Olympians were in their seats. The first throne, Zeus's, was made out of stormy clouds, the throne was crackling with electricity, and on top of the throne was a golden eagle statue. Zeus himself wore a black silk business suit and pants, his white blonde hair neatly gelled, his face stern, his electric blue eyes sparking, and held in his right hand was his Master Bolt. To the right of Zeus, sat his wife, Hera. Her throne was simple white marbled throne with lines of golden ivory encircling the throne. Hera wore a white Greek dress with golden armbands on her wrists, her chocolate hair trimmed and braided with golden braids. On Zeus's left side was his brother,my father, Poseidon. His throne was simple green and blue fisherman's chair with a place for a fisherman's rod for Poseidon's trident. Poseidon wore a blue chiton which showed how dressed he was for the occasion as he would normally wear fishing clothes. His dark hair stood out, his sea-green eyes like my own looking at me with pride. Across from Poseidon, to the right of Hera, sat Demeter who was wearing a green dress, her hair braided in what, in my opinion,looked like a wicker basket. Her throne was entirely made out of leaves and vines. She was currently trying to pester-uh I mean-'convince' Hera into eating some cereal. To Demeter's right sat Athena, wore a gray blouse, faded jeans, and hicking boots. Her face looks like Annabeth's, her brown hair in a braid, her stormy gray eyes looking throughout the throne room as if formulating a plan if a fight occurred. Her throne was colored gray, depictions of wars and heroes woven into it and her shield, Aegis, was placed to the side of the throne. Across from Athena, to Poseidon's left sat Artemis, in a silver throne, deer horns placed on the top the top of her throne with a moon symbol in the middle, at the end of the armrests were silver deer head statues,on the throne's left side had her bow while the quiver was on the right side. Artemis glowed with beauty that rivaled Aphrodite, her hunter's outfit hugged her, surprisingly, 18-year old body and her D-cup breasts, her auburn hair flowed like a waterfall, her face heart-shaped, her eyes like two silver pools shining like the moon itself that I could stare for hours and- Whoa, what is up with me, I already have Annabeth and this was ARTEMIS, the MAIDEN GODDESS! If she would probably turn me into a jackalope or whatever and sent her hunters after me! When I looked back at her she was also seeing me with, what I thought, was curiosity and respect? When she realized that I noticed, she quickly looked away and I swore, as unlikely as it may be, had a light blush on her cheek. Anyways moving on, on Artemis's left sat her brother, Apollo, in a golden throne so bright I had to squint to see clearly. It was pure gold with a guitar attached on one side and a bow on the other, with a symbol of the sun on the top of the throne. Apollo himself was in a golden,yellow shirt, an Ambrocrombie red jacket, light brown shorts, and golden Nike's. He apparently noticed Artemis's blush and had a teasing, blinding smile on him. Across from Apollo, to Athena's right, was Hephaestus in a throne that was made out of different materials, gears, and pipes and would occasionally shoot out a bit of flames from the top like a race car. Hephaestus wore a workshop mechanic's suit that had oilstains on it or blood either way, it was messy. Hephaestus had a sad look on his face, no doubt still grieving over Leo, his thick beard would spurt out flames at times and he would be working on some gears and wires to pass the time. To Hephaestus's right was his wife Aphrodite in a throne that resembled that of a love seat with the back in the shape of a heart, colored hot pink, and hearts plastered on the sides