Here it is, at last. I've been trying to post this for the last three days, but my life's gotten busy suddenly. What can you do. So, explanations: except for the first two parts (being a part the text between two linebreaks), normal letters are for when the narrator is telling the story of the character to you, my dearest readers; and italics are for when the narrator speaks to the character. Confusing, perhaps, but I hope you'll understand it whenyou read it. For the first two parts, italics are a character's thoughts. WARNING: harsh language, I guess? Like there aren't many 'bad words' (I think), but it's kind of aggresive? I don't know anymore. Also, maybe mentions of dark themes. DISCLAIMER: I still don't own anything. Fucking plot twist. I hope you enjoy this. Hopefully, it'll be better than the first version. (Fingers crossed.) The air is chilly against his skin, the sound of heavy footsteps chasing them, runrunrundon'tlookback , and the doors are so close. Just ten feet. Dad, if you are listening, just ten feet. He can feel the monsters' breath hot on his neck. Can't stop now, not when Annabeth is already half passed out. The Doors are close, the Doors are close , he chants in his head. (But they aren't close enough.) /Nine feet./ C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, please dad, just this one. /Eight feet./ "Percy…" Annabeth's voice is weak, blood dripping from her mouth. (It seems oddly fitting, to bleed in a place of damnation and death.) /Seven feet./ Don't stop. /Six feet./ "My little hero. I'm so proud of you, honey." And perhaps he's hallucinating, because that Sally's voice and face right there, smiling at him like he hadn't almost destroyed the world countless times. /Five feet./ A scream of pain is punched out of his lips when he feels a set of claws ripping the already tormented skin of his back. "Run, Annabeth!" He'll handle all the monsters single-handedly if it means that Annabeth will be safe. Stumbling thanks to the shove Percy gave to her, Annabeth tries to make her way to the Doors. /Four feet for Annabeth, five feet for Percy./ Teeth dig into the flesh of his arm and suddenly, breathing hurts too much and all he can see is red and fuckfuckfuck I really hope Annabeth makes it . /Three feet for Annabeth, five feet for Percy./ She limps and tries to maintain her balance, which is not easy considering that the amount of blood she's loosing can be seen from where Percy's standing. /Two feet for Annabeth, five feet for Percy./ Leo's face appears at the other side of the door, and it's soon followed by all of the other seven's faces. They are yelling incomprehensible thing to Percy, who is way busier with the monster about to tear him up. /One feet for Annabeth, five feet for Percy./ Annabeth shakes her head as realising the situation, and glances between him —bloodied, battered and with teeth and claws buried in his flesh— and their friends —who, although tired, they look like something safe, like everything would be okay if she just ran to them. "C'mon, Annabeth, for me," Percy grits through clenched teeth, trying to distract himself from the pain. (There goes his right leg. The creature took a bite and now suddenly Percy's legless. He just hopes Annabeth isn't watching this.) "PERCY!" The sound echoes through Tartarus, and the creature lifts its head to stare at the mess of dirty blonde locks that stumbles its way. (The rest of his friends seem to be screaming, but not passing away when he just got his leg ripped off seems enough effort to Percy as it is.) A golden explosion, and something akin to dust rests on his skin. He is vaguely aware of Annabeth standing right next to him, holding a blade; and in his hazed state, he tries to wonder how she got there so fast. (It's not like he succeeds— his vision is black around the edges, and he's pretty sure he's started to see blood in there somewhere.) "Close the door, Piper!" And that's all it takes. A few more shouts, Annabeth still bloodied and limping and crying and broken, and Percy loosing his vision and all his other senses by the minute; and the Doors are closed. Percy didn't even have the time —or the energy— to tell Annabeth to save herself. /Five feet (and an eternity in hell) for the both of them now./ "They aren't dead," Nico stubbornly affirms. The rest of the room seems to sigh in unison, even though most of them haven't moved for hours, their blank gazes fixated on a point that doesn't really exist. The world looks like it came from an old movie; all black and white and silent. "But they can't be alive," Jason replies, his eyes as empty as how the rest of them feels inside. Even Chiron is sitting with his head lowered, his lips moving in what seems either a prayer or a never-ending curse to the Fates. "I'm the son of the god of the Dead. I'm pretty sure I'd know if they were." It's been three weeks —Gaea defeated and long forgotten—, and the world has been spinning a little slower since it happened. Sad violin melodies fill the air, and everything feels so tired and tiring (or maybe it's all in Nico's head). He just lost the guy he loved. He supposes he has the right to mourn. "Nico, we saw the monster rip off Percy's leg. I think it's safe to say they are no longer in the world of the living." Piper's voice is raspy and low, like all she has done for the past weeks is cry and not say a word (and she has, they all have.) Nico thinks he hears someone sobbing, but the cheeks of all those present here are dry —they ran out of tears weeks ago— and maybe he's going a little mad. Or maybe he already was. (Does it really matter?) "I'll find them. And I swear I won't rest until I do." He storms out of the room, a shapeless figure made of no colours at all left behind, as if trying to remind the rest of them that he's gone (and that he probably won't return). "They just can't be alive," someone mutters again, and that seems to be the end of it —of everything— and no one ever speaks again. At some point, one of them stands up, followed by the rest, and they leave the room, only to never come back in. They all know he's wasting a life he doesn't really have. Emma Campbell is twenty one, her blonde hair shining bright under the sun as she jogs across the park, her favourite song loud in her ears and her heart beating fast and hard against her chest. They call her a princess when she walks down the street (but little do they know that she's a queen whose tower is falling down), and don't you see? She trips every time she walks in front of a mirror, every time she pretends to be someone she's really not. Chicago watched her birth —and it'll probably watch her death— even though she'll have travelled all over the globe (she's just glamorous like that), but home always calls. Don't you think, honey? Her parents divorced when she was fifteen, and that's where it all started going downhill. (Surely you must know, a girl that young cannot rule her kingdom without help). There are nights when she just cries for a throne she lost before she could own it. Free spirit, she calls herself. She runs away from her problems because that's the only way she knows how to deal with them, and she has lost count of all the cities and towns she has visited and left because she screwed up and had to go. (The Runaway Princess, she musses to herself.) China doll, her skin is smooth and delicate, and her eyes are as empty as crystal and as pure as air —but as the air of New York—. She's tainted. Sinner. She's somewhere in Kansas right now (maybe Lawrence?) and she still doesn't know a soul. What do you expect; she's been here for two days. She jogs across the park, leaves fall around her, and she is reminded of something —she doesn't know what—, perhaps of another autumn that belongs in a previous life. (Sometimes she wishes she could just forget. Others, she wants to remember.) Her name is NICE LEGS as she passes a bench with two middle aged men sitting on it, and the yell all the nasty, dirty things they will do to her. She feels a little scared. (But have you forgotten, darling, that you used to fight monsters and stop the apocalypse and defy gods and be a living legend? No. Apparently, you do not remember.) Oh, Annabeth, they miss you. The friends that you left behind just to follow your boyfriend into the dark. She tries to be a leader, but she's just another follower. Oops, sorry, I forgot. Your name is Emma now. Philip Rogers sits on a stool at the right corner of his favourite bar, three friends by his side and his fifth beer in his right hand. (And maybe he likes alcohol a little bit too much.) But shh . Nobody must know. Twenty one, he's young and free and completely legal, let him live his life! Who are you to say what he can and cannot do? (Ah, a rebel, I see. Some things never change, do they?) He's sick and tired of his distant dad and frivolous siblings (Lily-Rose and Raphael, the flower and the angel) and his dead mother. So what if he breaks some rules? He's an adult now, he can do whatever the fuck he pleases! (In reality, he's just a scared child who doesn't know what he wants.) Miami is the only city he's ever lived in, and he despises it —too much water and sea and heat, he says—; and honey, isn't that the cruellest irony? You once were the son of the ocean, currents and waves and maritime creatures bowed at your feet. You once were a prince. (And what are you now? Nothing. An orphan, an alcoholic, a fuck up.) He drowns in vodka and amphetamines every night, and nightmares chase him from time to time. But usually, his razor is there to shield him against them. His brother is getting married —another problem— in two weeks, and he'll have to dress up and meet with his whole family and pretend he's not dying inside. That's nice, honey. Tell me more. (I'll pretend I care.) Three is the magic number, his mother used to say —and maybe that's why she died when he was three—, three brothers ruled the Olympus, three fates ruled the destiny, three children were meant to save the world. (But only one of them succeeded.) Three kids—the angel, the flower and the disappointment. Try to guess which one you are, Percy. Or are you Philip? I don't see a difference. You both let down those you love. "Thalia," Emma calls, and her neighbour —Amber, the redhead with Asian ancestors— stops for a second. "Excuse me?" A heartbeat. Two. Even three. Emma shakes her head. "Nothing. An old friend." Or so she says. (But baby girl, you don't know how right you are.) Try to stand up, only to fall to the floor again. Gosh, when was the last time you ate? Amber rushes to her side —and didn't she rush to someone's side at some point too?—, all worried face and gentle hands. "Are you okay?" If only she knew. (Once again, she wonders if she should jump into that pretty motorcycle of hers and get the hell out of here.) But darling, you've only been here a week. "Emma,