This is kind of the prequel of a story I want to publish. Someday, somehow. Maybe in fifty years. OOC alert. DISCLAIMER: I don't own anything. Annabeth Chase looks through the window. The day is grey and stormy, rain falling from the sky like Poseidon has decided it would be fun to take all the water of the oceans up to the sky and, there, let it fall freely just to torture those lost and miserable souls that liked to call themselves humans. She doesn't want to think about that. Sure, the gods' only talent is annoying mortals and, sure, humans are irremediably lost and miserable— but she is one of them now. Or, at least, that's what she tries to make the world believe. It isn't like she minds it. She isn't a girl people can befriend easily. People aren't someone she wants to befriend. But being alone is not something she enjoys. Annabeth Chase hates Saturday evenings. On Saturday evenings, young girls, like her, are supposed to go out, get drunk and enjoy life. She doesn't. It's not only she doesn't like to do those things —which she doesn't— but also because, well, she has no one to have fun with. (She supposes she has her cat Whiskers and her neighbour Ally, but one of them is too lazy and so not appropriate for social interactions and the other one, well, the other one is a cat). So she spends her Saturday evening either studying or reading, but always with a frown on her face. She doesn't like feeling left out. Annabeth Chase groans when the lights suddenly go off. She knows she's paying the bills. Then why do the gods like to torture her? She shakes her head. The gods don't exist . As stupid as it sound, she hopes that, if she hears it enough times, she might be able to believe it. The sky is dark and Annabeth Chase wonders why she must go through this. She had already left her whole family and all her friends behind. Then why is she supposed to put up with the annoying guy her neighbour Ally advised her to hang out with? Running away clearly means that she doesn't want people around her. The sky is dark and Mark (said guy) just won't shut up. Annabeth Chase is about to call her mother and offer him as a sacrifice saying he is an irreverent son of Nep— She almost trips over her own feet —considering that it's possible for her— and quickly throws that idea away, to the section of 'Annabeth's most dangerous and stupid thoughts' , to never take it back again. The sky is dark and the stars shine brightly. She tries not to look for The Huntress. But it's too late, because her eyes and mind have betrayed her and she has already found Zoë's silhouette, eternally married to the sky as a reminder of her sacrifice. The sky is dark and Annabeth Chase doesn't want to think about her former life anymore. Annabeth Chase doesn't know what she's thinking about when she accepts another date —in case you can call that awkward evening they spend in some weird restaurant without a ceiling a date— but she does. Mark called her yesterday about twenty times. In the end, she accepts because she knows she's going to spend the rest of the week (or worse, the rest of her life ) listening to Mark begging her to give him a chance. So she does. And she expects the worst. What she doesn't expect is to actually have fun. Instead of the stereotypical date to the movies —she hates stereotypes—, Mark takes her to the History Museum and pays for the premier visit just for her. He calls himself a nerd with a soft spot for history. Needless to say, he's already on Annabeth's 'Top Ten Favorite People'. Because maybe demigod-Annabeth didn't trust easily, but mortal-Annabeth was willing to be different from her former version. Annabeth Chase misses her family. Sometimes. To be honest, she only misses them when she's lying on her bed, wide awake and she can't sleep. Because then she remembers that, when she couldn't sleep, back in San Francisco, her father's office's lights were always on, and her step-mother snored lightly, and her half-brothers could be loud even sleeping. It's at times like this one, when Annabeth Chase misses a sign of life in her completely empty house. Maybe it was her decision to leave them behind. But that doesn't mean she can't miss them. The third (second, because both of them agreed to never talk about their first night again) time Annabeth Chase goes out with Mark, she's the one who asks. She feels like she owes him. Annabeth hates debts. So she asks, and he accepts and, for an afternoon, they can pretend they're normal young adults who try to enjoy their life. Mark introduces all his favourite books to Annabeth, and she gladly takes them. Instead of going out like they planned, they spend the whole afternoon at Mark's place, reading. And for the first time in many years, Annabeth Chase truly likes her own lie. Annabeth Chase falls. She falls into an endless void of darkness— not exactly the same one she visited all those years ago. She falls like that's the only thing she knows how to do, like she has never left the ground; yet, at the same time, she falls like she's been on the highest top before she fell. Annabeth Chase falls to never stand up again. Because her downfall —and (oh, the irony) also her anchor and guardian angel— is standing on her porch, soaking wet, when he's not supposed to. Annabeth Chase is a self-proclaimed mortal, but she's a self-proclaimed mortal with a dangerous past and a life she can't wait to forget. A life that has suddenly appeared on her porch. She shuts the door in Percy Jackson's face. She doesn't care what reasons bring him here. She's just sure she doesn't want the see him ever again. So she turns Mark down tonight, saying she isn't feeling very well (nothing serious, maybe she got cold yesterday) and spends the rest of the afternoon locked, a prisoner in her own house. She decides it's better if she doesn't open the door and just stays near it, to hear him leave. But six hours later —at thirteen to two in the morning— Percy Jackson hasn't left yet. She can hear his breathing and his mumbled worlds, but he never knocks at the door again. He must have taken the hint. Annabeth Chase decides to go to bed. She's sure he'll leave. Except he doesn't. Annabeth Chase is sitting in her kitchen and her coffee burns her hands worse than any godly weapon could. But she's okay with that. Call her a masochist, but she needs the pain right now. She needs it to remind herself that she's still a human (well, half human, at least), not some statue unable to move and breathe and do things . She is just not sure anymore about her humanity. Maybe she is just another of Medusa's victims. The heat turns into white, blinding pain and not only on her hands, but on her heart too. No matter how much she tries to forget about the gods, the monsters, the demigods, her old life— she can't do it. She just can't. Because it's like trying to forget the most important part about herself. (And, if she loses it, then what is Annabeth Chase?) She still hasn't opened the door. She doesn't want to. Opening the door means going back to her old life, and that is something she isn't willing to do. She had enough of it. She ran away. Then why should she come back? She knows the answer —she always does— and she doesn't like it. She knows that if Percy asked her, she would say yes without thinking it twice. She hates herself for that. She's a warrior. Warriors don't have weaknesses; they are supposed to be strong, fearless, powerful . But she is not. If she wouldn't think about it twice (besides being completely not like her), it is because she still cares and loves Percy Jackson. And she hates herself for doing so. Annabeth Chase is sitting in her kitchen, the coffee in her hands now cold. Annabeth Chase freezes. She freezes when she realizes what she's doing— she is walking towards the door. She doesn't want to. But apparently, her mind isn't in control anymore, because her legs move smoothly —they always do— and her hand is already out, her fingers itching unintentionally for the doorknob and— No. She is stronger than this. Annabeth doesn't know who is making her do the wrong thing, but she reminds herself that she is strong, a warrior, she is a daughter of Athena, for Olympus' sake . And, just for a moment, she lets herself remember about her mother and about where she comes from and about what she is. Just for a moment, she is Annabeth Sophie Chase, leader of Cabin Six, architect of Olympus and one of the Seven Chosen Demigods again. For a moment, her glory is back. For a moment, she is still special. But only for a moment. Annabeth Chase turns around and walks away from the door, the urge now gone. And so is her past. It's has been a week since Percy appeared and, as far as she knows, he still hasn't left her porch. Annabeth Chase is not going to check it. But it has also been a week since she has left her house and both her boss and Mark are driving her mad with their calls. Mark is beyond worried (it's nothing, she just got a little sicker than she thought) and her boss demands to know why she isn't working her ass off right now, but she doesn't say it's because she can't leave her house. She knows she will have to confront Percy in a short period of time. But, as she replies to Mark's latest text while letting Whiskers settle on her lap, she knows it's not today. Annabeth Chase raises her head and she's not exactly surprised when she sees him standing in the middle of her kitchen. After all, it was a matter of time. "I see you finally found your way in," she states. That was it. No 'long time no see, Seaweed Brain, how're you?' No 'I missed you, I'm sorry'. No 'we're together again'. No judo-flipping each other. Percy doesn't answer. Not verbally, at least. He just looks at her with such rage and fear and hate that would have made anyone else fall to the ground, trembling, yelling and sobbing like toddlers. Not her, though. She barely blinks. So they just stay there, seizing and analysing each other. Waiting for the person standing in front of them to take the first step. Because they are too afraid to take it themselves. And, after what felt like forever, he speaks up. "You left." He isn't asking, he isn't yelling, he is just saying it. "I know." "You left, with no explanation, and no one knew where you were. I've spent five years of my life looking for you! And when I finally find you, find where you live and what you do, you close the door at my face! And, the worst part of all, you never opened again. You left me out there for more than a week, for Zeus' sake!" She doesn't move. She knew this moment would come. She had been mentally preparing herself for this. But it's a million times worse than she imagined it. "I know." "The worst part is that you left me. Me, Annabeth, you left me when I gave everything I had to you!" A moment passes. Her heart beats once. "I know." Knowing is the only thing