Title: The Free Use Experience Summary: In a world where Harry and his twin sister are the Twins-Who-Lived, and their parents survived that Halloween night, there is a sexual social experiment at Hogwarts known as the Free Use Experience. Starting at the age of fourteen, students can willingly volunteer. Willing witches are used sexually, not only in private, but also in public. Harry Potter, a Metamorphmagus, who can change his gender, is forced to volunteer in the Free Use Experience as a girl at least twice a week – including once during the week when he/she must attend classes during the day. In preparation for the Experience, Harry, his twin sister, Rose, and his girlfriend Hermione have begun a sexual relationship prior to their Fourth Year at Hogwarts.u Rating : M Warnings: Free Use, Metamorphmagus/Gender-Bender/Harry, Graphic Sexual Situations Involving Underage Characters, M/F/F Threesomes; Fem-Slash, Sibling Incest, Sex Toys, Orgies; James And Lily Live; Mild to Severe Character Bashing – Ron Weasley, Albus Dumbledore, Severus Snape, others Ships: Harry/Hermione, Harry/Hermione/OFC (Rose Potter), Harry/Multi, Hermione/Multi, OFC (Rose Potter)/Multi, James/Lily, Sirius/Amelia Disclaimer: J.K Rowling owns the characters and the world of Harry Potter. I do not. I just like to play in her sandbox. No copyright infringement intended. Author's Note: Early warning from the very beginning. This story is my most mature and risque story to date. It is not for prudes or readers under the age of 18. This story will probably have some type of sexual situation in many chapters. There will be Sibling Incest (Twincest!), Fem-Slash, and Graphic Sex in many chapters. Read the warnings (tags) and heed them well. If you do not favor (or qualify for) any of this, turn back now. Even though Harry/Hermione is the main ship in this story, both characters will be involved in sex scenes with multiple characters. It could be argued that Harry, Hermione and his twin sister, Rose Potter, could also be the main relationship (threesome) in this story. Warnings For This Chapter: Nudity, Sexual Situations Involving Teenagers (Age 14+); Oral Sex; Fem-Slash (Kissing); Incest (Kissing and a non-graphic full-body oil rub) Chapter 1 Surprises By The Swimming Pool As the sun shone over Potter Manor in Northampton, England, Harry Potter was wading in the swimming pool behind his large, magnificent home. He grinned when he heard girlish giggling, and turned to find his girlfriend, Hermione Granger, and twin sister, Rose, emerging from the back door of the manor. Hermione had just arrived earlier that morning, so that she could go with the Potters to the Quidditch World Cup campground the following day. She would be staying with the Potters until it was time to go to Hogwarts. It was not the first time that summer that Hermione had stayed at Potter Manor. She had also stayed for the weekend during the first week of July, and the weekend of Harry and Rose's fourteenth birthday at the end of July. Harry's mouth watered as he watched the girls remove their t-shirts and jean shorts, revealing their bikinis underneath. He then frowned when he saw them sit down on neighboring chaise lounge chairs near the pool. "You don't want to swim with me?" he asked them. "Hold your hippogriffs, brother," Rose said, taking a bottle of suntan lotion from the pocket of her shorts. "We need to put on some suntan lotion." "Did you forget we're allowed to use magic whilst at home?" Harry asked. "There's way too much magic -" "- for the Trace to go off," Rose finished, "I know that. I even suggested using sunscreen charms to Hermione. But she thought you might like the alternative." "Alternative?" Harry asked, looking at Hermione. His girlfriend smiled mischievously. "I thought you'd want to rub some lotion on me." "Us," Rose said, "On both of us." Harry grinned and stepped out of the pool. He walked over to the girls, then knelt onto the ground between them and looked at each of them in turn. "Who goes first?" Harry asked. "Hermione," Rose said, "It was her suggestion." As Harry grabbed the bottle of suntan lotion, Hermione reached behind her back and unclasped her bikini top. Harry felt his penis twitch into life in his swim trunks, as Hermione took off her bikini top, revealing her size 'b' breasts. Harry was no stranger to seeing his girlfriend's breasts. Harry and Hermione had been dating ever since their first Hogsmeade trip on Halloween weekend of the previous year. For the first two months or so of their relationship, their intimacy was only kissing, snogging, and light groping through their clothes. On Christmas of that year, one of Hermione's gifts to Harry was letting him see her breasts and play with them. In turn, she also gave him a hand-job to completion. This level of intimacy continued until summer holidays. Then during the first weekend of July when Hermione was staying at Potter Manor for the first time that summer, she surprised him by giving him a blow-job. On Harry's fourteenth birthday, he received an even bigger surprise. Hermione had asked him to make love to her, but that was not her most surprising request. Throughout the month of July, Hermione and Rose had apparently been hatching a plan for Harry for his and Rose's fourteenth birthday. On their birthday, they revealed their plan. Rose wanted Harry to shag her, and Hermione was apparently quite alright with it, as long as she was his first. They even wanted to participate in a threesome with each other and Harry. "We all know what is going to happen starting this year at Hogwarts, Harry," Rose said, "As the Heiress of House Potter, I am expected to join in the Free Use Experience. I already know there will be several boys who will want to shag me. I want my first to be with someone I truly love." The Free Use Experience was a sexual social experiment that had been going on since Harry and Rose's own parents were in Hogwarts. Witches – those of whom were willing to participate – would submit themselves to various wizards – most of whom were their age – for sexual experiences, in order to prepare themselves for a husband in the future, which would ensure breeding and extension of Houses, bloodlines and wizarding society in general. No volunteers were exclusive to anyone, not even those whom had boyfriends, like Hermione. All witches were required to take Contraceptive Draughts once a month. So Harry and Rose celebrated the evening of their fourteenth birthday in a threesome with Hermione, in which Harry shagged both girls twice. Harry and Rose's parents were completely supportive of it, and neither were too surprised that Harry and Rose had sex together. Their birthday had been their only sexual experience so far, neither wanting to continue without Hermione being there. Hermione took off her panties, revealing her fully nude form. Harry's mouth watered as he looked at the brown patch of fuzz leading to the curve between her legs. "You want the lotion everywhere?" Harry asked. "Everywhere," Hermione said, "I don't want any tan-lines." Harry grinned. Hermione laid down on her stomach and relaxed against the lounge chair. She gave a sharp gasp when Harry squirted a bit of the cool lotion on the small of her back. She then began humming as Harry started rubbing lotion into her skin. Harry took care to rub the lotion everywhere, including her butt, which he focused on much longer than the rest of her body. When Harry was finished with her back, butt and legs, she turned over. Hermione squeaked lightly when Harry squirted a bit of the lotion on one of her breasts. "Prat," she said, "You did that on purpose, didn't – hmm..." Her words her cut off by a moan when Harry began massaging her breast, rubbing the lotion into it. "I wouldn't want you to be in pain from sunburns," Harry said, as he continued, "It would ruin my plans." "Oh, you have plans, do you?" Hermione asked, grinning. "Mmhmm," Harry said, "I plan on worshiping you as much as I can during the remainder of the summer." "Harry," Hermione said, sighing, "I know why you want to do that. I don't have to volunteer for the Free Use Experience if you don't want me to. I know, I've already given consent, but I can still rescind it." "If you don't volunteer, you won't be considered for Prefect or Head Girl, Hermione," Harry said, "I'm not taking that opportunity from you." "Alright," Hermione said, "Even though I won't be able to be exclusively yours, I'm still your girlfriend. I promise that I'll always come back to you." "I have no doubts about that," Harry said, as he moved to her other breast and began rubbing lotion into the skin around it. "Where do I fit in into this worshiping?" Rose asked. "You're welcome to join us whenever you want," Hermione said, "Right, Harry?" "Whenever you want," Harry agreed with his girlfriend. Rose grinned. Over the next couple of minutes, Harry continued rubbing lotion into Hermione's skin across her body. When he reached to her most private area, he was careful so that it wouldn't get inside her. However, he also rubbed around the skin there, knowing exactly what he was doing to her. He was quite pleased to hear her moan softly to his touch. She pouted when he moved to her legs to continue rubbing the lotion. "Tease," she muttered. "You know it," Harry said, grinning. When he finished with his duties, he leaned toward her and kissed her passionately. She grinned against his lips and returned the kiss. Rose cleared her throat before the kiss could lengthen, and Harry backed away from Hermione's lips. When he turned to his sister, he grinned when he found that she was already naked. Her breasts were slightly smaller than Hermione's, and the area above her pussy completely bare of pubic hair. Rose proceeded to lay on her stomach, and Harry began his work. Over the next several minutes, Harry took care to rub lotion across Rose's body, focusing on her butt, breasts and crotch as much as he had with Hermione. When he finished, Rose gave him a passionate kiss. When Harry stood up, Hermione giggled, and he looked at her. "Did you get excited rubbing lotion on us?" Hermione asked, as her eyes sank toward his crotch. Harry blushed; rubbing lotion on the girls had given him an erection. He was rather hoping he could hide it until he got back into the pool. "Are you surprised, Hermione?" Rose asked, "He is a boy who has just had his hands all over us. Frankly, I'd be offended if he hadn't had this reaction." "I'm not surprised at all," Hermione said. "Something needs to be done about this. Swimming like that would probably be very uncomfortable." She tugged on his trunks, and brought him back over to her. She then untied his trunks, and pulled them down, revealing his erect six-inch penis. "Lay down on the chair, love," Hermione said, as she slid down the chair. Harry stepped out of his trunks, and sat down on the chair, then relaxed. Hermione situated herself between his legs, and leaned her head toward his penis. She brushed her tongue across the underbelly, and repeated this motion five more times, before rubbing it around the sensitive tip, making Harry moan softly. She then wrapped her mouth around the tip, and proceeded to swallow him. Harry was quite surprised to see her take his entire penis inside her mouth and halfway down her throat. The last time she had done this, she could only take half of him inside her mouth. "Wow," Harry said. Rose giggled. "She's been practicing. Hermione and I have been keeping something from you Harry. She said she wasn't happy with her performance giving you oral on our birthday, and she wanted to get better. So I