Title: The Ilvermorny Champion Summary: Instead of Durmstrang Academy, Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was invited to take part in the 1994 Triwizard Tournament. When Ilvermorny arrives at Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore is shocked to see the long-thought-dead Harry and Lily Potter appear, as well as the missing Sirius Black and Remus Lupin. This has certainly thrown a wrench in his plans! Rating: M Warnings: Betrothal, Lily-Is-Alive, Gabrielle Is 12, Wrong!BoyWhoLived!Neville, Harry Is Not A Horcrux, Manipulative!GreaterGood!Dumbledore, Fem-Slash, Ancient and Noble Houses, Lords and Ladies, Severe Character Bashing – Dumbledore, some Weasleys, Neville Longbottom, others Ships: Harry/Hermione/Daphne, OFC/Gabrielle, Neville/Ginny Disclaimer: J.K Rowling owns the characters and the world of Harry Potter. I do not. I just like to play in her sandbox. No copyright infringement intended. Disclaimer: Recognizable sections of this chapter come directly from Chapter 13 of "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" by J.K. Rowling. I do not take claim to these. Only my own additions Chapter 1 A Thunderbird Lands At Hogwarts Friday, October 30 th , 1994 Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was currently standing on the front steps of his beloved castle. Around him, the students and staff were congregated, as they waited for the arrival of their guests, the representatives of Beauxbatons School of Magic, and Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Originally Durmstrang Academy had been invited instead of Ilvermorny, however after the Headmaster Igor Karkaroff had been arrested on suspicion of murder, Durmstrang was forced to back out. A shame that was, Albus thought. It was rumored that Quidditch superstar, Viktor Krum, would have been chosen as one of the contenders. Such publicity would have been excellent for Hogwarts! Alas, it was not to be. So, instead, Ilvermorny, a school from the United States, had thrown their hat into contention, and had been immediately accepted. Never before had a non-European school been invited to the Triwizard Tournament. Albus threw his support in for Ilvermorny's invitation – such a historic move would make up for the lack of Viktor Krum, when it came to publicity. One of the rings on Albus' left hand, vibrated intensely. The ring was keyed to the wards around Hogwarts, and warned him whenever something passed through the wards. "Aha!" Albus said, jovially, "Unless I am very much mistaken, the delegation from Beauxbatons approaches!" "Where?" said many students eagerly, all looking in different directions. " There !" yelled a sixth year, pointing over the forest. Something very large was hurtling across the deep blue sky toward the castle, growing larger all the time. "It's a dragon!" shrieked one of the first years. "Don't be stupid," said first year, Dennis Creevey, "it's a flying house!" The young Creevey boy's guess was closer. As the gigantic black shape skimmed over the treetops of the Forbidden Forest and the lights shining from the castle windows hit it, they saw a gigantic, powder-blue, horse-drawn carriage, the size of a large house, soaring toward them, pulled through the air by a dozen winged horses, all palominos, and each the size of an elephant. The front three rows of students drew backward as the carriage hurtled ever lower, coming in to land at a tremendous speed — then, with an almighty crash the horses' hooves, larger than dinner plates, hit the ground. A second later, the carriage landed too, bouncing upon its vast wheels, while the golden horses tossed their enormous heads and rolled large, fiery red eyes. A boy in pale blue robes jumped down from the carriage, bent forward, fumbled for a moment with something on the carriage floor, and unfolded a set of golden steps. He sprang back respectfully. Albus smiled as Beauxbatons Headmistress, Madame Olympe Maxime, stepped out of the carriage. The woman was very large – no matter how much Madame Maxime had vehemently denied it, Albus knew the woman was half-giant. No matter how much she denied it, Albus knew the truth. After all, he had a half-giant on his own staff – Rubeus Hagrid, the Hogwarts Groundskeeper. Albus noticed there were several students whispering and murmuring as they looked at the woman. He winced, as he realized some of the murmurs could be mistaken as disrespect, which would send a bad message to the Beauxbatons delegates. Indeed, Madam Maxime was looking rather disconcerted at the reaction from the students. So Albus started to clap, applauding for such a magnificent entrance. He sighed in relief, as the applause was contagious, and his staff, and most of the students applauded too. Albus smiled when Maxime's expression softened. The Beauxbatons Headmistress walked forward, and Albus met her in the middle. When she offered her hand, he kissed it gently – due to her size, he didn't even have to bend very far to reach it. "My dear Madame Maxime," he said. "Welcome to Hogwarts." "Dumbly-dorr," said Madame Maxime in a deep voice, "I 'ope I find you well?" "In excellent form, I thank you," said Dumbledore. "My pupils," said Madame Maxime, waving one of her enormous hands carelessly behind her. Albus smiled as several boys and girls approached their Headmistress. They were shivering, which was unsurprising, given that their robes seemed to be made of fine silk, and none of them were wearing cloaks. Albus did not like the way they were looking at his grand castle, with such apprehensive looks. He did, however, notice that at least two of the girls were Veela. He wasn't surprised, having been warned that Veela might attend. "Has Ilvermorny arrived yet?" Madame Maxime asked. "They should be here any moment," Albus said. "Would you like to wait here and greet them or would you prefer to step inside and warm up a trifle?" "Warm up, I think," said Madame Maxime. "But ze 'orses —" "Our Groundskeeper will be delighted to take care of them," Albus said, "He has an affinity for handling creatures as wondrous as your horses." "My steeds require — er — forceful 'andling," said Madame Maxime, "Zey are very strong..." "I assure you that Hagrid will be well up to the job," Albus said, with a smile. "Very well," said Madame Maxime, bowing slightly. "Will you please inform zis 'Agrid zat ze 'orses drink only single-malt whiskey?" "It will be attended to," said Dumbledore, also bowing. "Come," said Madame Maxime imperiously to her students. The Hogwarts crowd parted to allow her and her students to pass up the stone steps. Albus sighed as he watched Madame Maxime step into the castle. Truth be told, he hated Olympe Maxime. She was a rude, overbearing woman. It would have been far better had Beauxbatons been the one to drop out of the tournament instead of Durmstrang. "Albus!" Deputy Headmistress, and Transfiguration Professor, Minerva McGonagall hissed at him, "You never told me Beauxbatons delegation was bringing Veela!" "My dear, Minerva," Albus said, raising his eyebrows as he looked at his Deputy, "I have never thought you one for such bigotry against Veela!" Minerva stammered indignantly. "I am not against Veela, Albus! I'm simply afraid of what their presence might mean for some of our male students here. Many of which are in the early stages of their teenage hormones, and haven't had time to get a handle on them. They could fall victim! If something were to happen, it could cause -" "I assure you all precautions will be taken, Minerva," Albus said, trying to maintain his jovial grandfather tone, while passing along a no-nonsense attitude to his Deputy. "Those Veela students are contenders for the Triwizard Tournament. Insulting them could also cause international problems." Minerva grumbled under her breath. "Of course you are right, Albus. But I will be watching them around the students!" "And I welcome you to do so," Albus said, praying the conversation ended right there. Minerva huffed. Albus sighed and turned back around. His Deputy was a long-time friend of his, but her personality clashed with his on several issues. At least the issues were small and petty. If she disagreed with him on some of the larger issues, actions would have to be taken. He could not afford such disagreements in the long run. Albus' thoughts were interrupted as his ring vibrated again. He looked around for the cause, and he suddenly heard a very loud noise coming from behind him. He ran forward onto the Grounds, parting the students. Then he turned around and saw a very large object flying over Hogwarts castle. Albus' eyes widened as he saw what appeared to be some kind of Muggle flying craft slowly hovering across the Grounds, about fifty feet in the air. "Whoa!" Dennis Creevey said, "It looks like a Blackbird!" "That doesn't look like a bird to me!" another student said. "No! A Blackbird!" Dennis' brother, Colin said, "From X-Men!" The craft started to descend vertically, onto the Grounds of Hogwarts, just feet from the Beauxbatons carriage. When it landed, the large door at the back of the craft lowered to form a ramp. The first person to step out was a tall woman with flowing auburn hair. Albus' eyes widened as he looked at her. He recognized her almost instantly. He had to blink several times as he looked at the woman, because he was sure he was seeing things. It could not be possible. This woman was thought to have perished exactly thirteen years previously, along with her husband and infant son. The woman stepped out, walking down a ramp, onto the grounds, and the students behind her followed in two queues. The woman was holding onto the hand of a young teenaged girl, whose auburn hair matched the woman's. Leading the pack of students was a dark-haired teen. Albus' jaw dropped as he saw the boy. There was no mistake. Albus could not deny what was in front of him. The boy - whom looked like a teenaged version of his father – was surely Harry Potter. Lily Potter, and her son, Harry – both of whom were thought to have been killed exactly thirteen years previously – were now standing on the Grounds of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Friday, October 30 th , 1994 – Fifteen Minutes Earlier Lily Potter, Potions Mistress of Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was currently seated on a long bench of seats in the cargo and passenger area of the large craft known as the Thunderbird. The Thunderbird – a large hovercraft helicopter – had been built a decade ago by Professor Winston, Headmaster at Ilvermorny. Professor Winston, a Muggleborn, had named the craft after his much loved House Thunderbird, of which he had been a part of when he was a student many years ago. Professor Winston had been the pilot of the plane for much of the past decade. However, a year ago, he had been struck with an illness, and the illness had recently become worse, and had taken a toll on the man's body, so he couldn't make the trip from the United States to Scotland. He had asked Lily Potter, and her two best friends – all three of whom had grown up in Great Britain – to represent him and Ilvermorny since he could not attend. Lily and her friends had agreed happily. Seated on either side of Lily were her two children. Harry, fourteen, and Rose, twelve. Even though he was only fourteen, Harry was one of the chosen delegates for the Triwizard Tournament. Though the other delegates were all sixteen years or older, Harry had been chosen for a reason. He had placed third in the Tournament of Champions, in which the top-ten contenders would be chosen as delegates for the Tournament. Harry's sister, Rose, was only there because her family – mother, brother, and honorary Uncles - were all going. Seated to the right of Harry, and also across the large space, were the other nine contenders for the spot of Ilvermorny Champion in the Triwizard Tournament. Lily smiled as she