Title: Harry Potter: Neko's Mate Summary: Hermione's Polyjuice mishap in Second Year causes her to become a Neko! While visiting Hermione in the Hospital Wing, Harry discovers he's a Metamorphmagus. But that is not the only new discoveries for Harry and Hermione. What happens when they discover people they thought were friends and mentors have betrayed them? What will that mean for the future? And what does it mean to be a Neko's Mate? Rating : M Warnings: Harems, Betrothals, Metamorphmagus!Gender-Bender!Harry, Cat-Girl!Hermione, Sexual Situations Involving Underage Characters (12+), Incest, Fem-Slash, Harry Is Not A Horcrux, Gabrielle is Harry's Age, Manipulative!GreaterGood!Dumbledore, Ancient and Noble Houses, Lords and Ladies, Severe Character Bashing – Dumbledore, some Weasleys, and others; other warnings labeled individually in chapters. Ships: Harry/Hermione/Harem (Padma, Parvati, Daphne, Tracey, Gabrielle, Eventually Tonks. This is final. I will NOT be adding any more.) Disclaimer: J.K Rowling owns the characters and the world of Harry Potter. I do not. I just like to play in her sandbox. No copyright infringement intended. Author's Note: Harry is not a Horcrux in this story, however he will keep the Parseltongue ability, due to other reasons. This story is also on Archive of Our Own under my author-name there, FurySerenity. Warning! There will be semi-frequent sequences in this story depicting nudity and sexual situations involving underage characters, ages 12 and up. Any of the girls listed with Harry in the "Relationships" could have relationships with the other girls listed. There will be no Slash, and Harry will be the only male in these relationships. If you do not like that, turn away! Chapters involving descriptive nudity and sexual situations will have warnings at the start of the chapter. For example: this chapter has mildly descriptive nudity. Chapter 1 Cat-Girls and Metamorphs Saturday, December 26 th , 1992 – Early Evening Second Year Harry Potter was currently sitting on a bench outside the Hospital Wing. He was waiting for Madam Pomfrey, the Hogwarts School Nurse to come out and see him. He had been waiting for about half-an-hour now. Nearly an hour ago, he and his friend, Ron Weasley, had returned to Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, after a Polyjuice Potion adventure into the Slytherin Common Room. Their friend, Hermione Granger, who had originally planned to join them on their adventure, had told them she wanted to stay in the bathroom. After their adventure, they had discovered exactly why she had remained behind. Hermione had a mishap with the Polyjuice Potion. The hair she thought belonged to a girl, actually belonged to a cat! She looked like an odd mix between a young girl and a cat, complete with a furry face, yellow cat's eyes, cat's ears and a tail, and possibly other features that were hidden by her clothes. Harry wanted to take Hermione to the Hospital Wing, but Ron had originally argued against it... "We returned to normal after an hour, didn't we?" Ron asked. "Who says she won't return to normal soon? If we take her to the Hospital Wing, we could get in trouble!" "Animal hair isn't meant to be mixed with Polyjuice Potion, Ron!" Harry argued. "Who knows what could happen to her, if we don't get her to Madam Pomfrey. I'm taking her, Ron. You can come with me, or... go away and let me do it without you." Ron had left the bathroom, abandoning both Harry and Hermione. So it had been up to Harry to take Hermione to the Hospital Wing. When Madam Pomfrey had seen Hermione, she had automatically told Hermione to sit down on one of the hospital beds. Then she booted Harry out of the Hospital Wing, almost literally! "Harry!" Ron's voice called out loudly. Harry turned to look down the corridor and saw Ron walking toward him. "There you are, mate!" Ron said, when he neared Harry, "Been looking all over for you. What are you still doing here?" "I'm waiting until Madam Pomfrey allows me in to see Hermione," Harry said. "Harry, she'll be fine!" Ron scoffed, rolling his eyes. "Madam Pomfrey looked quite worried about her, Ron," Harry said. "That's just what Madam Pomfrey does," Ron said, waving his hand dismissively. "Come on, Harry. Let's go play chess. You can see Hermione later." "No, thank you, Ron," Harry said. "Come on, Harry," Ron repeated, "You have to be bored out here!" "So what if I am?" Harry said, "I'm waiting here because I care about Hermione. She's my friend." "You're also my friend, Harry," Ron said. "And you're also Hermione's friend, Ron," Harry countered. "You should be sitting here with me. You should have helped me bring Hermione here. But if you care more about your stupid chess than Hermione's health, then go." Ron huffed. "Guess I'll go find someone else to play with." Ron turned and headed back down the corridor. Harry glared at his friend's back. He knew that Ron and Hermione didn't get along all the time, but he thought Ron would be more concerned about Hermione. Suddenly, the doors of the Hospital Wing opened, and Harry hurried to his feet and turned to them. Madam Pomfrey was standing there. "I heard raised voices," she said. "I suppose that was you, Mr. Potter?" "Yeah," Harry said, "Me and – never mind. How is Hermione? Can I see her please?" "Normally, I would have said no," Madam Pomfrey said, "But she is asking for you. Come on in, Mr. Potter." Harry smiled and walked into the Hospital Wing. Madam Pomfrey led him over to a bed, and partially opened the blue curtain surrounding a bed. Harry stepped inside the curtain, and Madam Pomfrey followed him, and closed the curtain behind her. Hermione was sitting up in the bed, wearing a light-blue hospital gown instead of the outfit she had been in. She still had cat's ears, and a fluffy tail that was waving around rather wildly, as if it had a mind of its own. Her eyes were still yellow and resembled that of a cat. Her face was furry, but not as bad as it had been. "How are you, Hermione?" Harry asked. Hermione's yellow eyes became full of tears. Harry frowned at his friend's reaction, and sat down in the chair near her. He took her closest hand in both of his, and he found that her fingernails were longer and sharper than usual. "When will she return to her normal appearance?" Harry asked, looking at Madam Pomfrey. Hermione sniffled loudly, and Harry turned back to her. She frowned as she looked at him. "I'm afraid Miss Granger may never return completely to her normal appearance, Mr. Potter," Madam Pomfrey said. "What?" Harry asked, "You can't cure her?" "Miss Granger explained to me the details behind what made her this way," Madam Pomfrey said. "Experimentation with Polyjuice Potion gone wrong. There is a reason feline hair is not suggested in Polyjuice Potion, Mr. Potter. It has a high chance of turning the drinker into a Neko." "A – what?" Harry asked, confused. "It is a Japanese term," Hermione said, "In feminine terms, it means I'm a Cat-Girl." "Fortunately much of the fur on Miss Granger's face and body will return to normal, perhaps even in the next couple of days," Madam Pomfrey said. "She'll recover that attractively healthy peach color. However, her eyes will remain the same. And her teeth... I was able to fix her buck-teeth. However, her fangs..." Hermione opened her mouth, and Harry saw two fangs on the upper row of her teeth which were slightly longer than the rest of her teeth. "... will remain," Madam Pomfrey continued. "Her ears and tail will also remain. There are other features she has that are more private for Miss Granger." "He can know, Madam Pomfrey," Hermione said. "Are you sure, Miss Granger?" Madam Pomfrey asked. "Are you afraid of me, Harry?" Hermione asked. "No, Hermione!" Harry exclaimed. "I'm your friend. This will take a bit of time to get used to. But I'm not going to hate you or fear you because you look like this. No matter what it has done to you." "Harry can know," Hermione said, "But I want to be the one to tell him. Or rather... show him..." "Very well," Madam Pomfrey said, with a deep sigh. Hermione began to untie the belt around her gown. When she opened the top, Harry looked away. "Harry," Hermione said, quietly, "You can look. I'm giving you permission." Harry felt his cheeks heating up as he turned back toward Hermione. In addition to her normal budding breasts, Harry noticed that Hermione had four pairs of nipples on her stomach, spaced out between her chest and belly button. "Madam Pomfrey doesn't know whether they'll be... fully functional like my regular breasts will be," Hermione said, smiling softly, when Harry blushed at the word 'breasts'. "But she doesn't want to remove them, just in case." Hermione closed her gown again. "Is there... any other changes?" Harry asked. "My tongue feels different," Hermione said. She stuck out her tongue which made Harry chuckle. "It looks the same to me," he said. "I am still doing my research, Mr. Potter," Madam Pomfrey said. "I've never experienced anything like this before. I will try to give more information when it becomes available to me. But, so far, the rest of her body features and functions are completely normal." "How long will she be here?" Harry asked. "Unfortunately, I will have to speak to Professors Dumbledore and/or McGonagall about that," Madam Pomfrey said. "Then we'll decide what Miss Granger's immediate future will be." "Can I talk to her for a while?" Harry asked. "In private?" "For a little while, Mr. Potter," Madam Pomfrey said. "Miss Granger, I will be nearby if you need anything." "Thank you, Madam Pomfrey," Hermione said. Madam Pomfrey nodded, then left the enclosed area. "Are you okay, Hermione?" Harry asked, "I mean – how are you feeling?" "This will take some time to get used to," Hermione said. "At least I won't be furry much longer. My yellow eyes look like contacts, and my fangs aren't so bad. These extra nipples are weird." "Your ears and tail?" Harry asked. Hermione giggled. "This might surprise you, but I could learn to love those features." "Really?" Harry asked. Hermione grinned. "Rub behind my ear." Harry raised his eyebrows. Hermione rolled her eyes, took his hand and and placed it at her nearest cat ear. He pet her ear and began to rub behind it, as if he was doing it to an actual cat. She let out a sound that resembled a deep purr. "You're purring!" Harry exclaimed. Hermione giggled. "Oh yeah. Forgot to mention that. That is one of my new talents. I purr when I'm happy or excited. It happened earlier when – well – stroke my tail now." The tip of Hermione's tail moved toward Harry. He gently grasped his hand around her tail and began to stroke it. Hermione closed her eyes and purred loudly. Her body began to squirm in obvious pleasure. "Feels so good!" she moaned. Harry chuckled. Hermione pouted slightly when Harry let go of her tail a moment later, so he rubbed her ear again, making her purr again. "You're so cute when you purr," Harry said. "You think I'm cute?" Hermione asked; her frown was something Harry didn't expect. "Looking like this? Harry, don't make fun of me." "I'm not!" Harry insisted, "I'd never make fun of you, Hermione. I know there will probably be a lot of people who will make fun of you for looking like this. But I will never do that. Ever. You're beautiful, Hermione. Why would I make fun of you?" "I thought that since I'm now a Cat-Girl, possibly for the rest of my life," Hermione said, "that a chance of having a – you know – love life in my future was doomed." "Not at all, Hermione," Harry said, "You're beautiful." Hermione smiled. "I'd kiss you