I DO NOT OWN ANY HARRY POTTER CHARACTERS AND MAKE NO MONEY FOR THE WRITING OF MY STORIES. A/N I am undecided if I will post the whole of this story here or not. If I do it will have to be edited for content I encourage anyone who wishes to follow the uncut version of Chosen Mate to follow on archive of our own my pen name there is Minx and they have a function that will allow you to download the chapter right onto your computer ... or phone... tablet. *RAPE FIC This work of fiction contains rape, the mention of non-consensual sex, and dubious consent. This work contains dominate men who may think little of what women want, women may not always be treated fairly. There will not be trigger warning at the beginning of every chapter. If this type of content is upsetting to you, please DO NOT READ this fic. Chosen Mate ~Chapter 1 The Beginning Deep within the forest of Dean, a very agitated Hermione Granger, sat and listened to her two best mates playfully argue over a game of wizards chess. Hermione was experiencing some extreme irritability: though she had finished her cycle 2 days ago, Harry and Ron just seem to push all her buttons at the moment. (and not the good ones!) "Ah." She let out a soft long suffering sigh it was time to put some distance between herself and all of this testosterone, before she tied them to a tree and pulled out their hair one strand at a time just for fun, until they were bald! Ok! So she was a little stressed. Ronald's utter lack of manners, and no understanding of one's personal space. (a.k.a her own!) Was about to get his ear hexed off! It completely annoyed her that he thought he needed to practically sit in her lap or he wasn't close enough, and to be quite honest she didn't care for him in 'that' way: he just wasn't taking her non to subtle hints. Harry, on the other hand, was taking role of protector to new heights. Oh, he noticed her annoyance at Ron alright, and made sure to put himself between them; so that Ron wasn't so close to her, which only served to put Harry in the same position that Ron could no longer fill. The poor idiots wouldn't let her out of their sights. It had gotten so bad, that he insisted on standing watch when she needed a bush for personal bodily functions, standing with his back to her. She had to literary shoot him with a mild stinging hex to get her point across, that he was crossing the line. Reluctantly, he gave her a little more breathing room and stood guard at a slightly further distance. Harry also insisted that she bathe inside the tent instead of in the river when the weather permitted, as both he and Ron did. That way they could guard her more thoroughly. As exasperating as they were, they had her best interest at heart. She knew this, still, she needed some breathing room. The two wizards were enjoying the warmth of the late fall day, good naturedly arguing over their game of wizards' chess as Harry's piece destroyed one of Ronald's unexpectedly. Hermione took this as her chance for that much needed fresh air away from them , alone for just a little while for her own sanity. Therefore, she took the opportunity to slip away. ~X~ "I'm going for a walk." Hermione announced to the grinning wizards, as yet again, one of the chess pieces smashed into its opponent. Harry glanced up at her, pushing his glasses up his nose a little from where they had slid down. "Don't go far, yeah?" Poor Harry had become quite paranoid about her safety and would go into panic attacks if he could not find her within the first five minutes of searching. Running, screaming for her until she finally had to stun him so he could hold still long enough to realize she was close by the whole time. With a sigh, she answered her friend. "I won't go far Harry." She smiled a bit to take the sting out of her tone. He smiled in reply as he waved her away. Relieved, Hermione started down the hill between the many rolls of trees; just trying to find a spot to relax without her companions. Leaning against the a tree, looking out at the river, Hermione let her thoughts wonder to nothing in particular, when the raised voice of Ron floated down to her and she caught part of his conversation. "…bloody wanker! Dark Lord my smelly a… Voldemort… "Hermione gasped. "No!" She shrieked as she raced toward Harry and Ron. However, she was too late. Ron had already said his name of the dreaded Dark Lord. Voldemort ! Voldemort himself had created a spell to alert the snatchers, whenever a so-called brave soul would utter his name, allowing the snatchers to trace the poor witches and wizards who had mentioned it. Hermione raced into the clearing where their tent was pitched, just as the pop of apparition sounded all around the glade. Hermione whirled around quickly, drawing her wand as Harry and Ron leapt to their feet. She cast a frantic look at her best mates before she made a quick decision. It was far better to run than to stay and fight. "Run!" She screeched and all three took off in separate directions. Panic caused adrenaline to scorch itself almost painfully through Hermione's veins. Run, run, run! Was the only thoughts that filled her frantic mind as she tried to escape the snatcher, breathlessly she ran for her life, lungs aching, and muscles burning with the over-exertion and need for rest. But, she did not dare stop. She could hear the desperate shouts and curses fly hitting branches as they missed their targets. Curses flew by one after another, singeing her hair, grazing her skin, and clothes. Wordlessly, she cast hexes and curses over her shoulder; breath to precious to waste on speaking, as she dodged trees zig zagging through the forest trying to escape her pursuers. Slowly, her pursuers were disappearing, heading for the louder noises of the others as young wizards put up more of a fight. However, they had not forgotten her completely. Harry and Ron had separated when the snatchers started popping up everywhere. By the shouts, Ron had been captured and the pursuit for Harry continued, as well as her own. Luckily, Hermione had scouted the area while hunting for food the day before, not far up ahead, lay a huge ravine just wide enough that she should be able to make the jump in her animagus form. The next problem was finding enough time to shift forms in order to make the jump. If I can make it to the thorn thicket, I can make it to the big oak that would give me enough time to make the change. Hermione thought to herself. The thicket was harsh, but there was a small hidden tunnel through it, low on the ground that was too small for a man's large frame but just big enough for Hermione's small one to get through. Quickly, she turned and called "Inferno!" a line of fire erupted from the grown between herself and her pursuers. Hoping to cover her tracks, better Hermione cast a fog charm. "Fogosas." Thick billowy smoke shoots from the end of her wand and obscures her further from the enemies view. Like a mouse in a cornfield, Hermione tore through the hidden tunnel of the thicket as quickly as possible. The thorns scratched her skin and pulled her hair from its place in the ponytail on her head, but there was no time to stop, so she ignored the pain and carried on. Surely, if she was captured, she would endure much worse pain than this. A frightening thought indeed. Clearing the other side of the thicket, she hunkered low until her body was hidden by the big tree, an oak tree that stood bigger and rounder than an oil drum. Concentration was hard to come by, with the noise of her followers nearby getting closer. Panic started to set in, but at last, she managed to shift with only seconds to spare. Where once stood Hermione Granger, now in her place stood a small chocolate brown wolf. With a huff, she headed for the ravine at top speed, leaving the sounds of footfalls behind as she sprinted forward for the jump. Just in sight of the ravine, she readied for the leap that would hopefully save her life. Her only hope was that her friends fared as well as her. If not, she would simply round up a rescue squad. Hermione's muscles bunched up and prepared for the spring. She glided through the air like an eagle across, with agility and grace. She landed just shy of the edge of the cliff face, the ground breaking off under the force of her hind parts; she hustled forward, then looked back at the great accomplishment. No, I would have never made that jump on two legs. She thought, as she took in the great gap between where she now stood and where she had been. That is when a howl broke the quiet, the sound made her blood run cold: a werewolf. Hermione had not counted on her pursuer being anything other than wizard or witch. In this form, she could distinguish the difference between that of a wolf and that of a werewolf. She could feel the magic on the air. Magic that allowed humans to take beast form. The sound rang in her ears, the magic caused her to tremble, and her animagus instincts told her to run; the hunt was still on and the predator was much greater than a simple wizard with a wand. No! The wolf's footfalls could be heard even from across the ravine from where Hermione stood, she knew without a doubt that it was coming for her. Bloody hell! Like a bow shot from an arrow, she took off into the rapidly darkening forest still on four legs, hoping it would give her enough speed to escape the creature of the night. A second howl rung out: it was much closer now. Hermione could tell the wolf was alone. She hoped that would raise her odds of escape. However, animal instincts told her she was in big trouble. This wolf was not only male, but also huge and powerful, both magically and other wise. Her two sides warred with one another. Human instincts told her to run, animal instinct told her, the Alpha was calling and she had better not upset him. Bloody hell! I do not have an Alpha I am a bloody animagus for Merlin's sake! She thought. Yelp! While Hermione was scolding herself, she failed to pay attention to where she was going. Therefore, she suddenly found herself boxed in on three sides, by a sheer rock cliff. Whipping herself around, putting her back toward the cliff, she tensed, waiting for her captor to show himself. She did not have to wait long and her hackles rose in response to his presences. A twig snapped and Hermione focused her eyes on the biggest Mother of all beasts. She was not sure whether to growl or whimper she chose the former. This thing was huge, a dark brown almost black wolf that made her already small size look like a tame kitten. His very presence demanded her submission, which right about now seemed like a good idea. Hermione wanted nothing more than to just wanted lay down, put her paws over her eyes and whimper, pretending that maybe if she could not see him, then just maybe he could not see her either. Fat bloody chance! Shaking her head to dispel the thoughts of both instincts,