Welcome to my latest installment, When the Moon Shines - taking place at the end of TTC until before the start of TLO! For this prologue, it is taking place in a month before BOTL. There will be more scenes taking place in the fourth book (unlike what I did with the second), but again, Seth is not directly involved in the Quest, rather his participation lies in the Battle's aftermath (as seen in the epilogue). The reason for this is because I don't believe Seth should be involved with everything, especially since the Quest in the 4th book doesn't really affect him in any way. This story is not a canon-rehash, and while the story only diverged a little in the first two parts, this story is when the small changes will begin to affect canon, and cause more drastic divergences to occur. For those of you who are new to the series… read the previous stories first! Otherwise, you won't understand half the stuff going on here. Unlike the first two parts of this series, this part will focus more on the war now that the conflict between Artemis and Seth has been more or less resolved. Anyhow, I will warn you that Seth will appear different in the beginning. His change in behavior and ideals will be explained later on. Prologue: The New Intern Dr. Thorn sat in his newly furbished office with pride. Drumming his fingers leisurely on his glass desk, Dr. Thorn looked out the big window, seeing the mortals scrambling about as they placed the computer parts into packages that were being loaded into trucks. He could also see the big industrial edifices in the distance, the smoke dark and vibrant, showcasing the work produced within. Ever since the titan, Atlas, was forced back into carrying his burden nearly two years ago, Dr. Thorn (now known as Mr. Bane) was one of the few monsters that had managed to escape. Those demigods were much more troublesome than they had thought. If only the titan had listened to his suggestion on killing that Chase girl, they would have been one enemy short, but who did the titan listen to instead of him? Dr. Thorn scoffed at the irony of it all. Demigods were their enemies. It was risky to accept any of them into Kronos' Army in the first place. They were too unpredictable, which made them even more dangerous. But it was because they were such a danger that the Titan Lord decided to use them, and hopefully, when the war was over and Kronos was once again in power, those demigods would no longer be an impediment. For now, Dr. Thorn was currently in charge of Micro World, a supposedly well established mortal company that manufactured computers, laptops, and other electronic parts, but in actuality was one of the companies that aided Kronos in developing weapons for the army. Dr. Thorn couldn't help but feel proud of being given this immensely honorable position. The weapons were coming along nicely, and by the time the month ended, they would have reached their quota. There was a soft knock on the door. Dr. Thorn spun his armchair towards the entry as the door opened to reveal his timid, clean-cut secretary. "I-I apologize for the disturbance Mr. Bane sir…" the mortal woman started. "What is it?" Dr. Thorn said impatiently. Sometimes he wondered why he kept this female mortal around; perhaps her obvious fear of him satisfied him too much to let her go. "You have an interview with a possible intern here today," the secretary finished. "He's here to see you." Intern? Dr. Thorn didn't remember such a meeting, but that was likely since Dr. Thorn didn't care for mortal matters much, which was why he had his secretary to remind him. It's best to keep up appearances. "Bring him in," Dr. Thorn muttered. Maybe this potential intern would make a good midnight snack. The secretary nodded, disappearing out of sight as a young boy with black hair and spectacles came in. He was dressed formally, donning a black suit and tie. His hair was slick back, and his dark grey eyes were looking around the room curiously before he finally sat down in front of him. The name John Doe sprawled on the visitor sticker. "So, John Doe ," Dr. Thorn said doubtfully, "what made you so interested in working here?" "I like computers," the boy said flatly. Dr. Thorn waited, but when the boy remained silent, as if what he said was a good enough reason, was almost enough to piss him off. "You…like computers?" he repeated. "Isn't there anything else?" "No, that's about it," the boy said, "unless you count video games? I really like Assassin's Creed ." Dr. Thorn didn't even bother to disguise his annoyance and growing anger. Who did this mortal think he was? Never mind a midnight snack, the insolent whelp was starting to look like a good appetizer. "Is that right?" Dr. Thorn said, his voice straining to keep his anger in. "Let's start with your qualifications then Mr. Doe. How old are you?" "Fifteen." Dr. Thorn forced himself to keep his face blank. Fifteen? He was expecting the kid to be at least seventeen by the looks of him. "A high school student. Do you have your resume ?" "No." " What?! What do you mean 'No'?" he demanded. The boy shrugged. "I'm home-schooled. Never went to an institution in my life." "That's not an excuse," Dr. Thorn muttered. His hands were clenched into fists. He was the manager of this company for crying out loud, a vital asset to the Titan Lord! Yet here he was, being insulted by this brat? "Sir, I think you are asking me the wrong questions," John said quietly. "Excuse me?!" "Aren't you curious about my interests? Aside from playing games, of course," the boy added snidely. Dr. Thorn gave a forced smile, but he was sure it turned out to be a grimace. The boy still smiled at him, either completely oblivious to his irritation or purposely encouraging it. "What…are your interests then?" Dr. Thorn said slowly. "If you are so keen on saying them…." If possible, the boy's smile grew larger. "Well let's see: I recalled piggyback riding a lion was quite entertaining. Not to mention that said lion turned out to be so cowardly that it actually took one of my friends hostage just to escape..." the boy paused, his features turning stoic, "but I'm sure you know all about that... Dr. Thorn ." Dr. Thorn's eyes flashed, and in an instant, he transformed into the Manticore . He swung his scorpion tail to crush him. When the smoke and debris cleared, the boy was already out of his chair and had taken out a pair of familiar black daggers to block his attack. " Seth Hunter!" Dr. Thorn snarled, mentally cursing the name. "So it's you who decided to meddle where he doesn't belong!" Seth arched an eyebrow, clearly mocking him. " Oh no, I've been discovered! What gave me away? Was it my weapons? Because I'm sure my disguise was flawless, and to think I spent all that time masking my demigod scent for nothing." The two had separated themselves from the impact. Seth took that moment to take off his glasses, his eyes appearing bright silver. He slipped his glasses into the suit pocket. "This is much better," he said calmly. "Now I can definitely see your hideous form more clearly, Manticore ." "You dare insult me?!" Dr. Thorn screeched, sending a wave of spikes towards the brat. The boy only continued to aggravate him by leaping high into the air, dodging his attacks, while summoning a silver bow in mid-air and shooting just as fast. Dr. Thorn quickly moved to the side, wincing when one of the arrows got embedded into his arm. He yanked it out roughly, and sneered at him. "Do you really think you can win against me, Seth Hunter? You couldn't defeat me even with your friends!" Seth's face darkened. "Think what you like, but I'd recommend not underestimating me: I'm not as weak and naïve as I was back then. To get straight to the point: I have a proposition to make." Dr. Thorn scoffed. "Are you surrendering?" Seth ignored him, his countenance revealing nothing as he willed his bow to vanish out of sight. "Dr. Thorn, there is a reason why I sought you out. I require your answers to some questions. You could either answer willingly….or I'll beat it out of you. Your choice." He laughed at the threat. " You think you can get me to do what you want?" "Not think, know, " Seth muttered, rolling his eyes. "So?" "You have some nerve coming here alone, Hunter," Dr. Thorn growled, "even more irritating is that arrogance!" Suddenly he released even more spikes towards the demigod, who quickly sidestepped his attacks. As the boy drew closer, he aimed a punch towards him, only to have the demigod swerve it, and land a high kick to his face. He staggered, surprised and unable to defend as Seth relentlessly aimed consecutive attacks on him. The heir of the Huntress switched between his left and his right, causing weapons to vanish and reappear in his hands every time he found an opening. By the end of his onslaught, the Manticore has been pierced, punched, and kicked numerous times on his head and body, but he was far from finished. He roared. His body heavily armored with spikes as he charged forward. The boy was forced on the defensive until he was backed into a corner. Instead of being trapped, however, the brat maneuvered up the wall and slipped out of his clutches from above. Unable to stop, Dr. Thorn's horn was forcefully stuck against wood and plaster. By the time he managed to pull free, he noticed Seth had pulled out a fully loaded gun and pointed its dark barrel at him. "A mortal gun?" Dr. Thorn laughed. "Are you stupid, boy? Don't you demigods know-!" BANG! He gasped, blood gushing out from his mouth. He was actually wounded. B lood seeped out from his chest profusely. He found himself kneeling, his hand over his injury. "W-what…" The boy only stared down at his knelt position, his silver eyes patronizing and icy cold. "You shouldn't look down on mortal weaponry," Seth chastised. "They're very efficient. Given the right material, they are potentially more deadly than old fashioned swords. You're lucky this is your first time seeing one." He moved towards him, each step the boy made was eerily soundless- like a ghost . For the first time, Dr. Thorn noticed how relaxed his opponent was, their altercation likened to a stroll in the park! "I've read about you, Dr. Thorn. I know how durable you are in battle, and judging from previous experiences, I knew even celestial bronze weapons won't bring you down so easily. So, I decided to take precautions this time," Seth muttered, guiding his gun towards his head. Dr. Thorn's eyes widened with shock. "Instead of the regular mortal bullets that you so ignorantly expected, these bullets are made with imperial gold ." Dr. Thorn trembled, his head slightly faint. He clenched his teeth. He refused to be brought down like this: A gun with imperial gold bullets? Ha! "What do you want, boy?" Dr. Thorn gasped. " Answers. Are you willing to give them to me now?" Dr. Thorn glowered at him, but finally thought about what the brat suggested. So he wanted answers. No doubt concerning Kronos' plans. He sneered. As long as he gave the brat a couple of convincing lies, the boy would come here for nothing! Hunter already believed he was too weak to attack him. He'd strike and end that brat for good once his back was turned. "Ask them." "How many weapons have you produced?" Seth inquired. "I