(A/N: Hi everybody. Matthias Stormcrow here bringing you a revamped version of Fighting for Love. I took it down because I getting depressed ad it was affecting the story to the point where there was not going to be a happy ending and I love happy endings. So without further ado lets begin. As usual I don't own Twilight just Christian & Nero the Original Characters.) Fighting For Love By: Matthias Stormcrow Summery: When Bella Swan: Boxing, Pro Wrestling & UFC fan as well as being a lesbian meets Rosalie Hale its love at first sight. Watch as they exchange words outside the ring and fists inside the ring. Chapter 1: Introduction (Bella POV) The shrill beeping noise of my alarm clock woke me up and I rolled over and pushed the snooze button and rolled back over intent to go back to sleep. My name is Isabella, call me Bella or Bell Swan. I have mahogany hair, I stand at five feet ten inches tall, Pale complexion, my best friend jokes about it by calling me a Vampire. I have a decent build, some muscles, C-cup breasts, athletic but that is mainly due to my best friend. "Wake up sex kitten, we have school remember?" My best friend and roommate Christian said pulling the blankets off of me and kissed me on the lips. Ah, Chris, he is my best friend. He is twenty-one years old, six feet one inches tall, excellent body I will admit, a health nut for the most part but does eat the odd piece of junk food; he is the best cook I know. He has short dark hair, dark brown eyes, tan skin and he is also the one who got me in better shape. Chris and my relationship may seem weird to a lot of people. We are best friends, I am a lesbian and he is straight, we also took each other's virginity two years ago and we are roommates. You see Christian, I'm the only one allowed to call him Chris, and I meet three years ago. I was sixteen and he was eighteen and he moved into the house next door to mine. He lived alone seeing as he was given up as a child and nobody adopted him so he left the orphanage at eighteen. His first night he was welcomes to the neighbourhood by Charlie, my dad and Renee, my mom when they threw him a BBQ. That is when I met him officially. Flashback two years ago Here I was walking around my backyard. My parents were in the process of throwing our new neighbour a welcome to the neighbourhood BBQ. I had not seen him yet and I was getting hungry so I walked toward the table to where the food was and it was then that I saw him, Christian. I walked up to him and extended my hand. " Hi, I'm Bella." I said calmly. He places his hand in mine. " Names Christian. Nice to meet you." He replied. "May I call you Chris?" I asked. "Sure may I call you Bell?" He asked. " You can call me whatever you want just don't call me late for dinner." I joked. Oh god. The people who bully me at school tease for my lack of sense of humor. Now he is going to leave me alone just like the others. To my surprise he laughed. " That is funny. I miss that old joke." Chris replied. "Hey do you want me to show you around the house?" I nodded and he and I walked into his house and it was beautiful. The house was two stories tall, painted white, had a bay window, the steps were made of stone, black tiles on the roof. The inside was oak flooring; the living room was spacious, nice looking recliner chair, couch and a love seat. The T.V. was Twenty inch T.V. with Panasonic speakers and a DVD player with about thirty DVDs. Next was the Kitchen. The wall was painted white and had marble counter-tops. The Stove and fridge were black, the pantry was stocked of healthy food and the odd bag of chips, so not a total health nut. Next came his room and holy shit. It was gorgeous. The walls were painted a light red color, the bed was a King, he had a dresser, a walk-in closet, a computer desk and a computer, oh and two bookshelves full of books. There was something some thing in the corner of the room I noticed as I walked in. " What is that?" I asked pointing the object. " Oh that. That is my Black Gibson Guitar." Chris replied. " Can you play me something?" I asked. " Of course." He replied while grabbing and opening the case. He tuned the guitar and looked at me and smiled. " This song is called My World." He replied. He started playing and I started nodding my head along with the beat. He then let out an awesome laugh then started singing and he was pretty sing. This earth is not your place That pale skin is on your face If you step inside with me, You will see a king He ain't dead, he ain't The Rock Don't want to hear your big mouth talk In my world, my world Time to leave my thoughts In my world, my world Left in the cold, in the dark In my world, my world Time to leave my thoughts In my world, my world Left in the cold, in the dark In my world! I get high, ignore the pain Welcome to the who's insane Hold your lies, your accusations Stow it, this is my situation In my world, my world Time to leave my thoughts In my world, my world Left in the cold, in the dark In my world, my world Time to leave my thoughts In my world, my world Left in the cold, in the dark In my world! In my world, my world Time to leave my thoughts In my world, my world Left in the cold, in the dark In my world, my world Time to leave my thoughts In my world, my world Left in the cold, in the dark In my world! I clapped. " I knew it, I knew who you are. I am a big fan of yours." My dad said walking into the room. " Ah, what are you talking about Dad?" I asked. " He is a UFC fighter. They call him the Red Devil. He just signed with the UFC and I watched all of your fights on the Internet." Dad replied. Christian smiled and then walked toward his dresser and produced four tickets. Flashback over The tickets were for Chris's first official fight in the UFC. The sing he performed that day he had a band called The Devils perform as he made his way to the Cage. My dad and I have gone with Chris to every one of his fights. Anyways I got up out bed and I walked toward the bathroom intent on having a shower and I could hear Chris in the kitchen making breakfast. When I was done I wrapped a towel around me and I walked into my room, slid the towel off me, grabbed a bra, panties, jeans and Chris's Red Devil T-shirt. I quickly got dressed and when I was finally done I felt Chris come up behind me and kissed my neck. "Breakfast is ready." Chris said softly. I nodded my head and moaned. Right now your probably wondering if he took my Virginity when I was seventeen that would mean he would have to have Charlie and Renee's permission, which he got. Charlie did not like it at first but a few a few talks with mom we were allowed to. The only reason Charlie allowed it was because according to Mom would they rather I lose my Virginity to a total stranger or to somebody I trust with my life. I have gone for check-ups before and after every sex session I have had with both women and Chris. Chris is the only male I allow to touch me that way and he never takes advantage of me. When I want sex with him he gives it to me. Chris never cums inside me so I never become pregnant. Like I said, we have a weird relationship but it works for us. Chris let go of my neck and we headed into the dinning room. When we were done breakfast Chris washed his plate and fork then put it on the dish rack and then I washed my plate and fork as well. Then we got our coats on and our boots and shoes, and then left for Seattle University where we both go to School. I forgot to mention our apartment is near campus so we walk to and from School together every day. "So you have a fight tonight right?" Chris asked. "Yes." I replied. "How do you feel?" He asked. "Great." I replied with a smile. "Who are you fighting?" Chris asked. "Victoria Anderson." I replied. "You mean the red-headed chick in my Biology Class right." Chris asked. "If you mean the one with big chest then yeah. It is rather funny why she wanted to fight or rather wrestle me. You see her thing is she likes Wrestling with her girl friends and I have wrestled her friends and beaten them soundly. So Vickie comes up to me the other day and she says she was wrestling with her friends and they all said the same thing I am the better wrestler and I will give her credit she is sexy and in great shape. Match should be fun. Did you want me to get Maria to record it for you?" I asked. That is another thing between Chris and me. He has Maria, who might I add was at one time Chris's fiancé, records my fights so he can help me with my form and moves seeing as he is the expert and I am the amateur. As for Chris and Maria they are best buds now and have always been friends. They go out drinking every second Friday. I laugh when Chris comes home drunk off his ass because he says the funniest things. "Yes. I would like that." Chris replied with a smile. We arrived at school with ten minutes to spare. Chris went one way and damn near crashed into his girl groupies. Ever since it got around School that Chris fights in the UFC on weekends all the girls flocked to him like he was a member of The Beatles it is actually very funny and even funnier that he doesn't pay any attention to them. I went the other way seeing as my first class is on the other side of the building I ran. I made it with two minutes to spare. English Class was not very interesting…kind of boring really. Next class was Math and I am not good at math…thank god for my other best friend Angela Webber. Angela is my other best friend. She doesn't judge and accepts Chris and my relationship for what it is. She is a bit taller then my five foot ten frame at five eleven. Skinny but a healthy skinny, she wears glasses but they enhance her appeal in my eyes. If she was gay I would totally bang her, a total babe is all I am saying, too bad she is straight as Chris. Although I can go on record and say we made love once, in her defense she was drunk and so was I. The only reason either one of us remember is Chris in his drunken wisdom decided to tape the whole thing…yes he was drunk to. When the bell rang signifying the end of math class I