Edward stared at the marked papers in front of him, he pulled it all into a pile. He glazed at the clock: 4.03pm. He stuffed his laptop back into his bag, pulling his bag onto his shoulder. He wasn't in a rush to see his boyfriend and he'd forgetting his phone so there was no way for Jacob to call. There was a quick knock on his door before the door to his classroom swung open. "Oh I'm sorry Edward, were you about to leave?" It was Esme, the assistant principal. She is a sweet woman, not a bad hair on her head. Someone was behind her and then he stepped out from behind her slight frame. He was a tall man, he looked young around Edward's age but his blue eyes were striking. He was wearing a light blue button up, his tie slightly undone but he pulled it up while Edward was staring at it. His shirt defined his arm muscles but not to the point of ridiculousness. He was lean, tall and fit. "No it's ok Esme, what do you need help with?" Edward smiled to the lovely woman, placing his bag back on the table and sending a glance in the man's direction. "This is the new history teacher Jasper Whitlock, he just finished his post graduate in Yale," As she introduced him he stepped forward, arm outstretched. Edward shook his hand, his eyes looking into Edward's green ones as he smiled. "I thought I'd introduce him before his first day tomorrow," She continued. "Jasper Whitlock, nice to meet you Edward," The way Edward's name rolled off the blond man's name make his shiver. Edward returned his greeting. "Well that'll be it for now, I'll let you on your way. Meeting Jacob?" Esme said to Edward, Edward nearly blushed at his boyfriend name, trying not to make eye contact with Jasper. "Of course. I'll see you both tomorrow," Edward said finally, as he left Jasper sent him a final wave and a smirk which was then etched into Edward's memory. Edward rushed off to his car, jumping in once realising how late he was going to be home. As he pulled into the drive of his house he could see Jacob sitting by the tv through the window. He jumped out, the car door making Jacob aware of his entrance. He took a deep breath before swinging the door open to their house. "I'm so sorry honey, Esme held me back for some things," Edward spoke, his bigger boyfriend came round to the front entrance as Edward took off his shoes. Jacob didn't say anything and when Edward turned to face him he knew something was wrong. He looked down seeing Jacob with his phone. Jacob's entire face was tense, his hand gripped around the Iphone. "What's wrong?" Edward asked cautiously. "Why do you have text's from that Bella girl? huh?" Jacob growled, fear shot through Edward. "Jacob, you know she's nothing to worry about, she's dating that Mike guy. She wants to know if we would go on a double date with her," Edward said smiling despite the fear. Jacob kept his tense position and Edward knew it was more than this, that text was something else. "Don't fucking lie to me Edward," Jacob growled taking a step forward, Edward stepped back out of reflex which put him with his back on the door. Jacob's dark eyes scared him, he knew this look, he'd seen it before. "Why is that bitch asking about me huh? What the fuck did you say to her?" His voice loud and angry. Edward knew he hadn't said anything about Jacob's anger, but Bella was smart, she was close to finding out. She'd seen the prior bruises and she didn't believe his excuses. "I didn't tell her anything, I swear Jacob!" Edward said, his voice raising out of fear. Jacob's hand wrapped around Edward's wrist, squeezing it hard and Edward held back a yelp of pain. "You better not be fucking lying to me," Jacob growled staring into his eyes. Edward could see a new look cross his face and knew what his boyfriend was going to do next. Jacob crushed his lips to Edward's, dropping the phone lightly to the ground, moving his hands to tangle them in Edward's copper hair. Edward would never stop him when he was like this, the fear too large of the repercussions. Edward raised his hands to wrap around his boyfriend's waist. "Oh god I love you Edward, you know I love you right?" He spoke when their lips broke apart, his voice wispy and light. This was the part Edward could never stand, the part where the Jacob he loved came out from under his shell of anger. Edward just nodded as Jacob placed his lips on his neck, sucking a mark on his skin. They both headed up the stairs to their bedroom and they stood at the foot of the bed, Edward's calves pressed up again the foot of the bed. Edward let out a moan as his boyfriend kissed him. Jacob's hands wandered again, slowly undoing Edward's shirt before sliding it off his pale boyfriend's shoulders. He then took his own shirt off exposing his dark, tanned set of abs. Edward couldn't resist running his hands along his boyfriend's stomach. Jacob moved his lips back to Edward's as his hands wandered lower. He undid the button on Edward's slacks, placing his hand at the waistband of Edward's boxers. Jacob pushed gently so Edward fell back onto the bed, he jumped up to straddle his slighter boyfriend. His dark eyes look down into the green ones of his boyfriend's. "You want them off?" Jacob smirked, gesturing to Edward's slacks. Edward knew he was far too turned on to say no, and what would happen if he refused. He nodded, Jacob shimmied them off so Edward could kick them away. Then Edward was left lying in his boxers, with his boyfriend above me. "Do you want me?" Jacob hissed, his voice playful. Edward groaned as his boyfriend slowly began to grind on his swelling cock. "Tell me what you want Edward," He whispered and Edward finally gave in. "Oh god just touch me Jacob," Edward pleaded, his need too big to refuse now. Jacob palmed Edward's cock from the outside, standing quickly to pull off his own pants. Edward could clearly see his boyfriend's hard-on, and he groaned when Jacob continued palming him. Jacob's hand wandered under his boyfriend's boxers, firmly grabbing Edward's erection. Edward let out a loud moan as his boyfriend slid his hand up and down. Jacob grabbed the boxers, yanking them down to around Edward's ankles before they fell off, he was left completely exposed and his boyfriend's hand on his cock. "You want me to suck it?" Jacob talked, his voice so smooth and distracting. Edward's eyes were closing with pleasure as Jacob's hands continued their ministrations. "Tell me Edward, do you want me to suck your hard cock," Edward groaned at his boyfriend's dirty talk, so turned on it hurt. "Jacob, please, please" Edward begged between moans as Jacob's hand moved quicker, pumping his cock. "No Edward, tell me what you want," Edward blushed a deep red and Jacob slowed his hand and Edward shivered with anticipation. "Suck me Jacob, oh just suck my cock," Edward hissed and Jacob did exactly that. Jacob ran his tongue along the tip before engulfing Edward's cock in his mouth. Edward let out a his as he hands grabbed Jacob's short hair, trying to pull him closer. Edward could feel it becoming too much as Jacob's warm mouth pumped back and forth. Then suddenly Jacob pulled back and Edward whined in disappointment. "Don't pout, I'd just rather you cum as I fuck you," Jacob hissed as he grabbed lubed from the side table and slipped out of his own boxers. Edward could see his fully erect penis, standing tall as Jacob came back. He squirted lube on his fingers, kissing Edward's toned stomach as he circled Edward's tight hole with his fingers, working the tight muscles. Edward groaned as he felt Jacob's finger slip into him. Jacob pumped a few times before pushing a second finger in, stroking Edward's cock with the other hand. He pumped with two fingers, scissoring his fingers in the other man's ass. Edward's groans continued as Jacob slipped a third finger in, pumping it before pulling out completely. "Do you want my cock Edward? hmm? You want it in you?" Jacob smirked as Edward looked up at his boyfriend, seeing the man he loves. "Oh god just fuck me Jacob, fuck me," Edward growled at the man, Jacob chuckled as he put more lube on his cock and pressing it into Edward's ass. Edward let out a loud moan and Jacob soon followed with a groan. "Fuck Edward you are so tight, I love your ass," Jacob began pumping in and out, steady but fast. Edward moaned pushing back against his boyfriends dick. The sound of skin hitting skin filled the room along with groans and moans as the two men went at it. "Edward.." Jacob hissed as he cummed in Edward's ass. He quickly pulled out and pumped Edward's dick as he too released into his boyfriend's hand with a loud moan. Jacob leaned forward locking lips with the slighter man, as their fast breaths filled the air. Jacob collapsed on the bed next to his boyfriend, his hand resting on Edward's stomach. Edward waited, staring up at the ceiling as his breath went back to normal and Jacob's slowed until he was asleep. He flipped the tan man's arm off him and walked to the adjoined bathroom, closing the door behind and staring at himself in the mirror. His cheeks still red and his thin body covered in a layer of sweat. As he thought of the man outside his eyes welled up with tears. The next morning he was brushing his teeth, with only boxers on. As he spit into the sink he looked down at the dark bruise along his wrist from the incident yesterday. He rubbed at the tender skin, tracing the outline of his boyfriend's fingers. He heard a creak of the door and when he turned Jacob was there, in similar attire to him. His boyfriend's eyes travelled to the bruise, his face soft as he moved behind Edward, grabbing the bruises hand and rubbing the bruise softly. "Edward," He sighed. "I'm so sorry, I didn't know it was that hard, how can you forgive me?" Edward stayed silent, staring at himself and Jacob in the mirror, in their tight embrace. "Please don't leave me. I don't know what to do without, I love you so much," His hot body was pressed up to Edward's back, slightly taller still than Edward himself. Edward took one look at his own green eyes in the mirror before he turned and hugged his boyfriend. Jacob squeezed him back and Edward pulled back placing his forehead the taller man's. "I love you too Jacob Black," He said before pecking his boyfriend on the lips and pulling away. Going to grab his clothes and getting ready for school. Jacob met him at the door before he left giving him once last kiss before his boyfriend jumped into his car and drove off to the high school. As he drove he kept pulling down his long sleeve so it fully covered his bruise, he knew it was clearly a hand print and had to remain hidden. As he pulled in he saw a shiny new Mercedes, and wondered if it was Jasper's car. He took a deep breath as he took one finally look at his green eyes in the rear view mirror before grabbing his bag and walking towards the school. There were a few teacher kid's who were early but other than the other students wouldn't be here for another half