Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters or beings within it. Chapter 1: Flashback and Understanding 13th October 2000 There was a crash of thunder outside the window and with a start Harry Potter, 20 year old wizard, formerly known as the Boy-Who-Lived awoke. He groaned and turned over on the cold hard floor, he stared towards the window across the corridor. It was with relief that he noticed that there were no Dementors outside the door to his cell. Harry looked through the bars on the tiny window opposite his cell, it was pouring down with rain, a blessed relief for Harry as some of the filth of Azkaban would be washed away, not that it would make much difference he thought bitterly. Glancing at the walls of his cell and counting the lines he had scratched into them Harry was shocked to realise that it had been four years to the day since he had been thrown into Azkaban, condemned to hell on earth with no hope of reprieve. Harry thought back to the day it had all gone wrong, all those years ago. ######### 13th October 1996 It was the first Hogsmeade visit of his sixth year. Hermione and Ron had finally admitted their feelings for each other (With a little encouragement from Harry) and just started dating. The three of them and Neville had all gone down to the Three Broomsticks in Hogsmeade to celebrate. They all came into the pub laughing and joking. They spotted Hagrid sitting at the bar and Harry went over to say hello. "Alright there Harry, you look particularly happy today, what's the occasion." "Nothing much, I finally got those two over there to admit their feelings for one another. But Hagrid what are you doing here, I would've thought you'd be at Hogwarts today ?" "Oh, congratulations to those two, knew it were only a matter of time. As fer me, Dumbledore's orders, he wanted some of the teachers to just keep an eye out on you students and alert him if there's any trouble. None of the other teachers seemed to keen, so I volunteered, and here I am." They had all been having such a good time when he felt the urge to use the bathroom. But as he entered the hairs of the back of his neck stood on end, and he got a feeling of dread. As he looked around he saw Malfoy waiting by the sinks. "Malfoy" he spat out. "Potter" was the reply he got. Draco turned around to the sink as if to wash his hands, then as fast as a snake he whipped round with his wand out and called out "Stupefy" and Harry's world went dark. Malfoy then ripped a few hairs from his head, and dropped them into a vial of Polyjuice potion. The potion started to bubble before turning an incandescent golden colour. "Well Potter I told you the Dark Lord would destroy you, but I bet you didn't think it would be like this." Malfoy then downed the potion and after the transformation searched Harry's robes until he located his wand. Draco then burst into the main area of the pub and, after making sure that enough people were looking at him screamed "The Dark Lord is now my master, all who oppose him must die." He then scanned the room looking for the most tempting target, and his eyes alighted on Hermione. "Avada Kedavra" he called and a green light sped from his wand towards her, she froze not believing what her eyes were telling her. When the light make contact she fell, almost gracefully off her stool, dead. There was a brief moment of silence as everyone was stunned by what they had just witnessed, then everyone stampeded to get to the door as quickly as they could. Everyone that is except for Ron and Hagrid. Ron gave a cry of rage and tried to move towards the bathroom door, no thoughts in his mind but revenge, but he was quickly stopped by Hagrid. Hagrid flung an arm out, caught Ron, and quickly told him "Get Professor Dumbledore, we need him now." Hagrid then turned around, ducking through the hail of spells that Draco/Harry was throwing off, most of them deadly in nature. He moved closer to Draco and called out "Harry please stop, see sense, Professor Dumbledore is on his way." At this Draco turned round and with a smirk simply said "Avada Kedavra." The green light came out just as it had for Hermione and hit Hagrid square in the chest. Hagrid's beady eyes flickered once in surprise and then he fell backwards slowly, taking an age, before hitting the floor with a colossal thud. Given that no-one was left in the Three Broomsticks other than himself and the bodies of Hagrid and Hermione, Draco turned and went back to the bathroom. When he entered he placed Harry's wand back in the pocket he had found it, cast an Enneverate at Harry, and then with a crack apparated out. Harry slowly woke up, feeling quite groggy, only remembering being cursed by Draco Malfoy as he came into the bathroom. Harry slowly got up, came out of the bathroom and staggered out of the doors of the Three Broomsticks and into the main street of Hogsmeade. However as he did so there were a series of cracks and a squadron of Auror's appeared around him, in their red battle robes. Upon seeing Harry they called "Ministry of Magic Auror's, drop your wand and lie flat on the ground with your hands behind your back." In his disorientated state Harry did not hear them properly, and moved towards one of the Auror's. Seeing this the lead Auror immediately cried "Stupefy" and for the second time that day Harry's world went dark. ######### Harry awoke slowly, and tried to move, but couldn't. With a start he realised that he was in the same courtroom he was tried for underage magic in, only this time the chains on the chair were actively binding him to it. He quickly looked around the courtroom for anyone he recognised, but saw no-one except Cornelius Fudge, who had a gleeful expression on his face. "Court is now in session for Judgement." Fudge announced clearly. "Trial of one Harry James Potter on the counts of use of the Unforgivable curses and the Murder of Rubeus Hagrid and Hermione Granger. Cornelius Fudge presiding, Dolores Umbridge speaker for the prosecution. Lords and Ladies..." "What are you talking about, I haven't killed anyone, I've never used an unforgivable in my life, why am I here, where is Dumbledore, Ron, any of my friends?" Harry screamed hysterically. "Bailiff, silence the accused." Fudge ordered, and one of the Auror's behind Harry, who he had not noticed until this point pointed his wand at Harry and Silenced him. "Thank you, now as I was saying, Lords and Ladies of the Wizengamot you have heard the evidence, we have witnesses from the scene, most notable of which, Ronald Weasley and Madam Rosmerta identify the accused as the person who fired the Avada Kedavra's. We have the accused's wand found in his possession, which under Priori Incantatem showed repeated use of the Avada Kedavra curse, as well as a number of other Dark Curses. Finally we have the evidence from Professor Dumbledore, who put forward the theory that the residual effects from the possession of Mr Potter by He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named in the Ministry Atrium last summer has turned Mr Potter to the Dark. With all this evidence before you how do you find the accused?" There was the briefest of conversation amongst the members before Amelia Bones stood up and said "Guilty." "Thank you my Lords and Ladies. As you know it is usual practise not to send any Wizard who is underage to Azkaban, however I feel and my advisors agree that an exception can be made in this case of such a flagrant disregard for our laws, and in the face of such a grave crime. I sentence Harry James Potter to five life sentences back to back in Azkaban, one for each use of the unforgivable, one for each murder, and the final one for the combined use of the other dark spells. There will be no chance of Parole. Bailiff take the prisoner to Azkaban immediately." Harry was dragged backwards out of the courtroom and everyone could see him screaming, but because of the silencing spell no sound was coming out. Dumbledore stood by the exit to the courtroom, his eyes not having their customary twinkle. He sighed, turned to Harry and spoke to him "Words cannot describe how disappointed I am in you my boy, I hope that your time in Azkaban allows you to reflect on the decisions you have made, your parents and Sirius would be ashamed of you." With that he turned around and left the room. Harry was taken immediately to Azkaban and thrown in a cell. ######### 20th October 2000 "Minister we have received intelligence that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is planning a massive strike on Azkaban Prison, since he freed most of his imprisoned Death Eaters in the attack six years ago we believe that he plans to free Prisoner 11056." It was with a weary sigh that Minister Dumbledore looked up, rubbing the brow of his nose to relieve some of the tension. The minister thought back wistfully to the years he spent as Headmaster of Hogwarts. He knew he would be able to return to his beloved school if they managed to win the war against Voldemort, but he knew that victory was nowhere on the immediate horizon, if indeed it would come at all. In the years since the fall of the Chosen One Voldemort had gained strength, attacking and killing at will. Voldemort had attacked the ministry again, but this time in force, killing most of the senior ministry figures. It was at this point that the wizarding world had begged Dumbledore to become minister. He accepted as he saw that if he had not the wizarding world would have fallen to Voldemort and all he had fought for would be lost. He had reluctantly accepted on the condition that he would return to Hogwarts at the end of the war. The wizarding world had accepted at once and for a while it looked as though the forces of darkness would be pushed back, with a few victories. However that hope was short lived and Voldemort had been gaining power ever since. Dumbledore looked up into the face of Auror Ron Weasley and saw impassive eyes staring back. He knew however that those eyes were masking a great deal of anger and sadness. He knew this as he felt the same way at the betrayal of the Boy-Who-Lived four years ago. He picked up the file that Ron had placed on his desk: Prisoner 11056. Name: Harry James Potter Location: Azkaban Island Age on Incarceration: 16* Current Age: 20 Crimes: Murder, Use of the Unforgivable Curses, Use of assorted other Dark Curses Sentence: 5 life terms back to back with no chance of parole Warden's Notes: 14th October 1996: Prisoner seems to be badly affected by the Dementors, however is still repeatedly claiming innocence to all charges. 17th October 1996: Prisoner no longer proclaims innocence, perhaps realising the inescapability of his fate. 18th October 1996: Given prisoner is underage his magical core has not settled, preventing accidental magic, because of this he has been emitting magical energy repelling the Dementors, and allowing his to retain coherent thought. Request put in for construction of magical dampening cells. Cells of this type were outlawed for use in prisons because of potential dangerous consequences of magical build-up if prisoners placed in them are released and have periods of emotional stress before the excess has dissipated. This is not an issue with Prisoner 11056 as he will not be