It was always amazing to me how, no matter how many years passed or how many people I had been sold off to the company of, I always ended the evenings feeling like that same scared fourteen year old boy who didn't know which was was up or where to turn. And on the nights where I was lucky enough (lucky being a relative term) to walk myself back into my luxurious Career Tribute Suite and not in such bad shape that it took an entire team to put me back together, I always ended those nights the same way. In a scalding hot bathtub, scrubbing away the evening's indiscretions and repeating the mantra that Mags had given me: I'm choosing to do this for my family. I'm choosing to protect the people I love. I'm strong enough to look after them. The Capitol does not own me. I choose this. Mags' wise words had stayed with me since the first night she had to send me off to be a slave to a woman whose husband had cheated on her publicly. A woman who felt like fucking a 14 year old virgin Victor was the only way to regain her self respect. By taking mine. I muttered the words over and over to myself as I scrubbed at my skin, sometimes until it bled. It was my way of verbally tying knots. Taking my mind far away. This particular night was no different. And it wasn't anything particularly aggressive or deviant. Comparatively. In fact it was a young, beautiful and wealthy daughter of the Capitol who had grown tired of her much older husband. She wanted attention. And not just mine, but anyone's. I gave it to her. Made love to her with as much passion as I could muster. Several times. Told her how beautiful she was. Rocked her gently to sleep before slipping out and walking home. Home. And it wasn't for naught. She also provided me some very valuable information about rebel sympathizes who were formulating plans to get a movement close enough to the mansion to destroy Snow. And when I told her I would gladly volunteer for a suicide mission if it meant ending him, she was genuinely empathetic in her plea that I not put myself in harm's way. But she wasn't Annie. And being inside of her wasn't me. Even if I let me body relax enough to come with her and to be excited by her...it was only because I was strong enough to protect my family. I laid in the tub hoping the water would erase her smell from my skin. My heavy eyes were so tired I contemplated sleeping in the water and even wondered if I would drift to sleep and drown. Just end this. I was on the precipice of sleep when I heard a shuffling in my suite. I held still in the water, listening for it again. Paper shuffling. Doors opening and closing. Someone was there and they were looking for something. I eased from the water and wrapped myself in a towel. I reached under the toilet tank for a small, but effective, fishing knife I had stored there. I tucked it neatly into my hand and snuck around the corner. There was growling, almost animalistic, and I tried to decipher it. I inched towards the stream of light coming from my bedroom and tightened my grip on the knife, swinging it effortlessly so that it was point down and between my fingers. I leaned into the doorway and then stopped in my tracks. "Annie...?!" I admit that at first I thought I had, in fact, drowned...and now I was dreaming that she was there with me. In my bedroom. Until upon watching her further I realized it was no dream. She was furious. Raging. Mad. Tearing at papers in the desk across from my bed. Ripping pillows open and throwing them in a mass of feathers and fabric. Her hair was tangled and wild. Her eyes were searching. Had she even heard me. I clenched my knife and stepped towards her again. "Annie...stop..." She tweaked her head to look at me and mouthed my name, but no words came. She hung on the verge of tears and finally let them overcome her as she lunged towards me. I still grasped my knife, unsure at all of what I was up against. But once she embraced me I let it fall from my hands and crash to the floor. She was whispering my name over and over, burying her head wildly against the flesh of my still hot neck. I held her tight and tried to coo softly in her ear to help her return to whatever ounce of sanity she could find. The Quarter Quell reaping was days away and I wasn't expecting to see her until I travelled back to District Four. And even then I was forbidden much, if any, contact with her. "Annie, how did you get here..." I voiced a legitimate concern. I thought in that moment maybe she had been coerced. Kidnapped, or worse. But she didn't answer. Not would she pull her face from my neck. I felt her fingers tighten on the flesh of my back. Her body went rigid and she slowly backed away from me, her blue eyes wide and panicked as she did. I put my hands in the air to defer to her. If there was one thing I had become well versed in...it was playing the submissive to an aggressive female. Before I could think to stop her she lunged for my knife and pointed it at me from a crouched position. I raised my hands higher. What in the hell. "...I...I can still smell her on you, Finnick. I can smell her..." I let my eyes softly close as I inhaled long and slow trying both to calm myself and to come up with the answer that would ease her mind. There wasn't one. "It's not what you think. Annie, please put the knife down." "Not what I think?! You think I'm crazy. Just like everyone else. You say you love me. Is this love Finnick? Is this what love looks like? You're a liar. And a whore." Her words cut me worse than any knife would have, and I felt them echo and rattle in my head. "I'm going to ask you again," she was threatening and hissing, inching closer to me until the knife tip was kissing the still tender skin of my stomach, "you owe me that much." I swallowed hard and gave her a name. That was it. Not an explanation. If she was beginning to have some idea of what a monster I had become all I could do was accept it and wonder how she came to know. Without realizing it she had pierced my skin. She drew a trickle of blood and gasped when she looked down to see. I used the moment of clarity to pry the knife from her. And I threw it clear across the room until it stuck into the wall just over my fireplace. Hanging there, out of her reach. She watched it and then turned back to me. "How many others, Finnick?" Her face was streaked with tears. Whatever makeup she had been wearing was covering her face in lines that echoed her misery. "Annie, don't do this..." I pleaded with her, debating silently of how much she could stand to know. If her fragile mind could handle the truth. I winced as the gash in my side started to throb. I noticed her looking at it. She turned from me and faced the window, clutching her hands to her ears and humming. She was self soothing. Attempting to regain control and I let her for a long while before walking behind her and wrapping my arms around her. How badly I needed her, if she only knew. She shrugged me off hard and took several steps from me, leaving me alone. Again. "I should have known, maybe I am as crazy as they all say... 'Finnick Odair would never love you, Annie'...'Finnick is your mentor...nothing more...'...I'm a fool." She repeated words I could only imagine she had heard spat at her in four and I wanted to punch something. Hard. Was I saving her or damning her? "I should have known. Last time you came back. You hardly looked at me. Mags helped us to get away...to be alone...and you wouldn't even touch me." She laughed. It was dark and ominous and fake. "Maybe if I were painted and perfect and augmented like your fancy Capitol sluts..." "That's enough, Annie..." I interrupted her. The verbal onslaught was worse than any physical one, but my side was hurting plenty as well. Everything was hurting. Aching. "How many, Finnick? I know it wasn't just tonight. How...many..." She turned to face her and I wasn't going to lie. I was going to let her have exactly what she wanted. I swallowed hard and tried to keep from feeling nauseous. "One...maybe two...hundred." She stood staring at me like she had misheard. It was no exaggeration. In fact I had been flung around so often in the decade that I had been Capitol property that I had lost count. And that wasn't including the women that were regulars. That I would have to fuck sometimes twice a week. Her face turned from confusion to anger to disgust. "You're disgusting. Look at you. I trusted you. And you're one of them..." "Annie, I said that's enough!" I barked this time and the force of it pushed against my now-throbbing wound. I pressed my fingers harder against it. "What happened to you...you were...good..." Suddenly there was a calm resolve in her voice. I was regaining her and losing her again all at once. She took a step into me and I choked back what I wanted so badly to be a sob. She could sense it. Her eyebrows arched. She shook her head no. I thought of all the things I had done. All the things I would never find a way to tell her. I thought of the danger she might be in if I did. "Goodbye, Finnick. I hope you're happy here." She brushed past me and I let her. I didn't fight, didn't beg her to stay, didn't utter a no or a please. All of the things I should have done and wanted to do. I heard her turn the latch to leave behind me and let the weight of my body give out beneath me. My legs folded on each other and I slid to the floor, crashing on my knees and wincing audibly at the cut in my side. I lifted a part of my towel to press against the bleeding. I leaned on the floor with my other hand and let my emotions take over. If the Capitol hadn't broken me, Annie Cresta just did. I spit at the salt that rolled over my upper lip and I let the tears slip from my heavy eyes. Leaning over my legs in a pathetic pool on the floor I glanced at the knife still bobbing, suspended from the wall and I contemplated putting myself out of my misery. "Finnick..." I heard her whisper behind me. She hadn't left but her voice was still far off. I didn't respond I just wept. It was all I could convince my conciousness to heals in those moments and I wept, clutching my side and damning myself. Soon I saw the pool of her bluish grey dress around her boots, she walked cautiously back towards me and rounded me as I slumped on the floor in defeat. "What happened to you?" She whispered again, kneeling before me. I wouldn't look at her. No, couldn't look at her. She reached under my face and cupped my cheeks, raising my eyes to hers,