Cato was walking back to the small camp him, Clove, and Peeta had set up. He spent the past hour hunting for game and collecting firewood. This was a job he usually forced Marvel or Glimmer to do, but seeing as they were both dead he was the only one capable of doing it. Plus, Clove made it sound imperative that he do it. Some bullshit about keeping equal work within the alliance. No matter, she's been dancing on Cato's last nerve for the past day and a half now. He could use the space. He wasn't a hundred percent sure, but he knows that Clove has been suspicious of him and Peeta. They were careful to not let any of the other Careers to know, but Cato couldn't help but a little more protective of his Peeta or made sure they both kept watch at the same time and share the same tent. Something unorthodox for the blond brute, but the only person that would be able to notice it was his academy partner Clove. He made it through the foliage and into the small clearing where the other two should be, but it was empty. "Peeta? Clove?" he was met with eerie silence. He senses go on high alert as he starts to look around wildly for any trace of the two. He saw throwing knives jabbed into the ground. A fight? The bushes started ti rustle behind him, causing him to whip around and grab for his sword on his waist. It's Clove that exits the bushes "Calm down Cato, it's just me." she has bruises on her neck and a busted lip. If she was beaten like this, then where was Peeta? "What the hell happened to Peeta?" she scoffed at the question "Of course he's your priority. I told you before, he was a distraction." Cato's jaw clenched up. Clove has been trying to separate the two for some time now. She would try to get Peeta to take watch with the other tributes or get him to go off to scout on his own. Her excuse was that Cato was preoccupying himself too much on a non Career. But Cato always brushed it off as paranoia on her part. He should have taken more action though. Cato let out a ferrel growl "Answer me!" his fists started to tighten to the point where his palms started to bleed form his nails. "I knew there was something wrong going on between you two. I did you a goddamn favor." Cato's eyes widened at the realization of what Clove did; the knives on the ground and the bruises on her face, she tried getting rid of Peeta entirely. Rage started to fill his body "You stupid cunt!" he shouted as his fist collided with Clove's face. She falls on her behind, but quickly jumps back up "Fuck you Cato Rumble. You know what I did was the best thing I can do for us. The sooner he's dead, the sooner you can get your head out of your ass." he let out another growl as he grabbed for his sword on his waist. Clove answered by grabbing for her knives in her pocket. Before they can give all of Panem a brutal show, steady beeping was heard over head. The both froze in there in their positions until the small canisters makes a small 'thud' on the ground in between them. Clove let go of her blades and grabbed the canister, not breaking eye contact with Cato. She opens it, reading the note to herself first. She gave him a wicked grin "Get your shit together and get over it -Brutus" she crumpled up the note and threw it towards to the shocked blond while turning over the canister. What looks like crumbs poured out; he bends down and feel the pieces. It was a loaf of bread, ripped up into shreds. The metaphor becoming apparent immediately. She forcefully throws the canister in front of him to get his attention "Now that we have that settled, it's time to he-" she was cut off by Cato grabbing her neck and arms and slamming her into a tree. "When it's just the two of us, I promise I'll rip out your annoying fucking voice box and then cut out your heart." he promises into her ear. "For him? Really? You'd give everything up for that filthy District 12 garbage?" Cato doesn't respond, but throws her onto the ground and smirks when she bounces off the ground. He grabs the bag of scarce supplies form the ground. "Where is he?" he asks not bothering to look at her. "Bleeding out somewhere in the forest. I made sure to cut deep by his femoral artery." he could practically hear the proud smirk on her face. He walked past her and back into the foliage, he needed time to mourn, he needed to be away from her as soon as possible or he might kill her. She still had some use to her, she can tire Thresh out and make him more vulnerable for Cato. He didn't get too far before he took a seat by the trunk of a tree while stabbing his sword into the ground next to him. His thoughts filled with images of Peeta and the short time they shared together. Maybe this was for the best, they both couldn't win, but he wanted to be with his baker for as long as possible. Memories from the three nights they shared together on the roof top to being huddled together in the tent 'it was imperative that you kept that ridiculous start crossed lover schtick with that coal miner's slut.' Cato grimaced but then smirked 'Good thing I was able to make you all mine the night before the games. I made you forget all about her and your thoughts were only on pleasing me.' The sound of a canon booms through the arena. He starts to shake, the realization that the poor baker was dead makes his chest feel like it was searing hot and ripping apart. His thoughts are then flooded with the image of a bloodied and battered Peeta. His leg critically injured by Clove's skillful hands. The Career grabs his chest, the pain almost too much to bear. Then he starts to feel angry, not at Clove, but at Peeta. 'How dare you leave me in this empty world. You said you loved me and this is how you lave me? Hollow? Peeta Mellark, I hope you know I hate you. I hate you for making me feel this pain, I've never felt so weak. ~I walk around the training center scoping out the other tributes. Nothing impressive, mostly children this yea. Good, the sooner everyone dies off the better it is for me. We'll just end with a typical showdown with the Careers, and even the rest of my group is pathetic. I can already hear the my name being announced as victor. Then I see them, the coal munchers from District 12. I can feel excitement bubbling in my stomach. Them I want to kill first. They stole the show from me at the tribute parade. Only fare if I make them the first canons to go off. They're both sitting at the camouflage station, how pathetic. The girl walks away and I take the chance to go intimidate the blond boy. I'll make sure I'm his biggest fear when he hears the gong go off. I reach, grab his shoulder, and force him to turn around. I open my mouth to tear him a new one, but nothing come outs. The second I see his eyes my whole body goes numb. I couldn't think or say anything. I even forget to breath for a moment. All I see were his eyes go from fearful to curious. I try to force myself to say something, but my brain goes straight stupid. I think it's his eyes that make me mute. They were basically oceans I couldn't look away from. I notice my hand is still on his shoulder and I take the chance to push him out of my way. I walk away from you, but I can sense you watching. You were numb too. That night I spent the whole time thinking of that odd encounter. My mind was flooded with images of that boy from 12, I made sure to watch the reruns of the parade so I can get all the perspectives of Peeta. I wanted to figure out what it was that made me dumb and mute. After dinner I stay in my room staring out the window, still trying to figure all this out. Then comes a knock on the door, my brainless escort enters "Cato? What's wrong? You've been distracted this whole night. I need you in you tip top shape for the games in a few days." I internally cringe at the phrase 'tip top.' I've been hearing her use it since she's been escorting for 2. "Luzon, I met someone today, and for some reason I don't want to hurt him." I let out an irritable sigh, I hate how she was the only one I can talk about this to. "Awh, that's so sweet. Maybe you like this tribute. Our sweet little Cato is in lo-" she screams before she finishes her sentence due to the glass vase I throw shattering by her head. Idiot fairy. I shout for one of the mute Avoxes to come and clean up the mess. Once she exits (at least I think it's a she) I turn off the lights and get under the covers. Love. What a ridiculous emotion. Besides, there isn't any room for that in the arena. I wake up the next morning, recounting my dreams that were plagued by that coal muncher. I do my morning routine and go to the training center as soon as possible. It was day two of four before deploy, I needed to be focused. I spend the first half of the day practicing with blunt objects, ignoring all the other tributes today. The bell rings and everyone files into the eating area, but unfortunately, we were the last two to leave, forcing us to make eye contact again. We both freeze again, just staring at each other. That numbness returns and this time I can feel my whole body going warm. Is this a fever? Maybe I got food poisoning from the Capitol food. But the Capitol would never allow that. Out of nowhere, he had this bright smile plastered on his face. I snorted and pushed him out of my way. I hear him stumble over, but I don't bother looking back at him, even though my hand is warm where it made contact with his face. After a short lunch I decide to let my muscles rest for an hour on the roof top. I lean my back onto the edge railing and peer off into the distance, planning what to do with the second half of training. I hear the opening and closing of the elevator, but I brush it off. It's probably an Avox coming to water the garden. "Oh it's you, I didn't realize anyone would be up here." that voice, the only voice to ever send a shiver down my back. I violently turn my head with a sneer "What are you doing up here 12? Shouldn't you be painting yourself?" I don't want to be around him what so ever, I'll make sure he's my first kill. "I just wanted to get some fresh air after lunch, it gets stuffy down there." he answered, not responding to the anger in my voice. "I'm Peeta Mellark by the way." he says extending his hand. Against my better judgment I shake his hand "The name's Cato." he smile at my response and it makes my stomach do back flips. I