PROCEED AT YOUR OWN RISK. This contains MPREG. From here on in I am not liable for any disturbance and/or permanent scarring. You have been warned. I have never found a fic in which labour, mpreg or normal, is written properly. If they exist, it must be in some far corner of fandom that I somehow haven't found yet. Contrary to popular belief, labour is not like, 'oh no my waters have broken' and then three intensely painful contractions later the baby's out. The waters generally do not break before the contractions start (it does happen, but it's not common), labour usually takes hours and he second stage, as I understand, tends to be more exhausting than actually painful. It's the third stage that really hurts like a bitch. Obviously I've never had a baby, so I don't have first-hand experience, but I did my research so that I could make this as realistic as possible. I decided to be deliberately anatomically ambiguous here in regards to where the birth canal is, so that this will cater for everyone, no matter what anatomical flavour of mpreg they prefer. Timeline: TA 3019, following the destruction of Sauron and the One Ring. Severely AU, implied Ereinion/Elrond, mpreg. 10am Glorfindel whistled softly to himself as he opened the door to Elrond's chambers, carrying a mug of tea for the half-elf. He stepped inside, closed the door behind him, and moved into the bedroom, where he found Elrond doubled over with one arm around his midsection and the other holding onto a bedpost for support. The blond elf quickly set the mug down on the nightstand and moved over to help his friend. "Are you alright?" Elrond nodded as the sharp pain in his lower abdomen subsided. He straightened up and leant on Glorfindel for a few moments, breathing deeply. "It has started. That was the third one." "It's still a week too soon!" "Apparently not," Elrond said with a slight grimace. "I'm glad I had nothing important to do today." "How far apart are the contractions?" Glorfindel asked as he helped Elrond into the bed. "About thirty minutes," the half-elf replied. "So far they are consistent: exactly the same time apart, and at the moment they're not getting worse." Glorfindel nodded and pressed the tea into Elrond's hands. "Drink this. I will fetch Aurellias." Elrond did as he was told, and a few minutes later the healer entered the room. "Glorfindel tells me that you're in labour." Elrond raised his eyebrows at the healer's tone. It was almost like Aurellias was accusing him of pretending to be sick so he could get out of classes. "That was the conclusion I came to, yes." "Have your waters broken?" Elrond shook his head. "No, they haven't." "How far apart are the contractions?" "Thirty minutes," Elrond replied, answering Aurellias's rapid-fire questions as fast as they came. Before the next one could be fired Elrond added, "And no, they haven't gotten any worse." The older healer nodded. "Alright. We'll be here for a while so just get comfortable. I'll fetch some towels and bring up some herbs that will help with the pain, when it starts." Just as the healer left the room another contraction ripped through the half-elf and he hissed, hands fisting in the sheets. A few seconds later it was over, and Elrond lay back against the pillows and closed his eyes, knowing that they were going to get a lot worse. "Any worse than before?" Elrond shook his head. Glorfindel fluffed Elrond's pillow for him, and at the half-elf's request, fetched the book that was sitting open on the desk in the sitting room. While he was in the makeshift study he went to the bookshelf and also selected a book for himself, and then brought them both back into the bedroom. "You do not have to stay if you have other things to do, Glorfindel," Elrond said softly as he accepted the novel from the Elda. Glorfindel shook his head. "There is nowhere else I'd rather be." 11:30am Aurellias had brought the towels and left again, needing to tend to his other charges in the Healing House. With Elrond out of commission the bulk of the work had fallen to him, and though there was not really that much more work than he was used to, it seemed that way because he had to do most of it himself. That meant that he could not be with Elrond all the time, although neither healer was overly worried about that. Elrond was certainly able to detect any potential complications, and Glorfindel was a capable healer in his own right. Left to their own devices for the time being, Elrond and Glorfindel made a start on getting everything ready for when the moment arrived. Glorfindel had pulled the bedclothes out of the way, laying some of the towels down horizontally underneath Elrond so that the sheets and mattress would be protected. A couple more towels were folded and stacked with some spare cushions on a chair on the other side of the nightstand. The herbs that Aurellias had brought in were neatly lined up on a table next to the fireplace, as well as a few mugs and a kettle. The room was comfortably warm due to the fire, but Glorfindel got a spare blanket and draped it over Elrond to be sure that he did not get cold. Content that they had done all they could do for the moment, the two elves settled in to wait, becoming immersed in their respective books. Glorfindel reached the end of the page he was reading and turned it over, glancing up briefly in time to see Elrond exhale and open his eyes as another contraction ended. "That was less time than the last one." Elrond nodded. "Twenty-five minutes, not thirty." "Do you want me to get Aurellias?" "No, wait until the next one," Elrond said. "Just to be sure that they are getting quicker." Twenty-five minutes later another one hit, and Glorfindel went to find Aurellias. A few moments later the blond re-entered the room with the healer, who promptly said the very words Elrond was dreading. "Alright, I have to examine you. Pants off, legs apart." Elrond sighed in resignation as he sat up straighter. "I'll need some help." He instructed Glorfindel to take a hold of his pants at the ankles, and pull. They had no drawstring and were loose enough that they slid right off, leaving Elrond clad only in a knee-length blue nightshirt. The half-elf manoeuvred himself carefully into a horizontal position, making sure that his nightshirt did not ride up. He grabbed a spare pillow and slid it underneath his hips to make the examination easier. Aurellias washed his hands and sat on the end of the bed, giving Elrond a pointed look. The half-elf reluctantly bent and parted his legs. "Now, relax." The half-elf took a deep breath and forced himself to do as the older elf asked. He leant back into the pillow and looked pointedly at the canopy of the bed, gritting his teeth against the indignity of it all. Glorfindel came to stand by his shoulder, and lay a comforting hand on his arm. They exchanged a glance and Glorfindel sympathised silently with Elrond's discomfort. Aurellias had just begun his examination when suddenly Elrond hissed and clutched at the sheets. "What? What is it?" Aurellias asked, leaning to the side to see Elrond's face. "Your hands are freezing ." The healer breathed a sigh of relief. "Oh, that's all." He looked pointedly at the half-elf. "Don't scare me like that again!" "If your hands were warm I wouldn't have to," Elrond shot back. Aurellias rolled his eyes, a slight smile playing on his lips. "Now, now, you've had worse shocks than my cold hands." Elrond scoffed but said nothing as he relaxed again as much as he could. The sooner Aurellias started the sooner it would be over. A few seconds later the brown-haired healer withdrew his hand and straightened up. "Right, everything looks fine. I think you two can handle yourselves for a little while, and I'll go and man the Healing Houses." Glorfindel and Elrond nodded in agreement, and Aurellias left the room. Elrond hissed and a pained expression crossed his face as yet another contraction lanced through him. "Were you counting?" Glorfindel shook his head with a small laugh. "No, I wasn't." "I don't think they're getting faster yet." Elrond shifted until he was sitting more comfortably against the pillows and picked up his book from where he had tossed it aside. He opened it to the page he had marked and then turned to Glorfindel. "Was there any mention of Ereinion's return this morning?" The blond shook his sadly. "No, I'm afraid not." Elrond sighed. "He said he would be here for the birth." The only thing missing, Glorfindel mused, was for Elrond to cross his arms and look away in a huff. "To be fair, he didn't know it would be today - no one expected this to happen until next week." "I know," Elrond admitted quietly, his tone wordlessly acknowledging the petulance of his former statement. "I just want him here." Glorfindel got up from his chair and moved to sit on the bed. He placed an arm around the half-elf and rubbed Elrond's arm soothingly. "I know you do. But I'm here, and I'll do anything I can to make this easier." "Thank you." "You're welcome." Glorfindel pressed a kiss to Elrond's temple. "It's just after midday. Are you hungry?" Elrond shook his head. "Not at the moment. But I do need to go to the bathroom." "Need help?" Elrond laughed. "No, I think I can manage. Just help me stand up." Glorfindel helped Elrond out of the bed and watched as the half-elf went into the bathroom. Elrond closed the door behind him and Glorfindel went to stand nearer to it, so he would be in earshot if he was needed. A few minutes later Elrond emerged, raising an eyebrow at Glorfindel as he passed, but saying nothing. Elrond got back into bed and let Glorfindel pull the blanket back up over him. "Anything else I can do for you?" Elrond considered this, and then nodded. "Yes, can you braid my hair for me?" he ran a hand through it. "I think it will only get in the way later." "Sure." Glorfindel went to the dresser to get a brush and a hair tie. "How do you want it?" "Just one braid, so it's all out of the way." "Okay." Glorfindel brushed Elrond's long hair and then began braiding it, stopping only once as Elrond tensed around another contraction. Glorfindel rubbed Elrond's back with his free hand until he felt the dark-haired elf relax again. They were not getting faster yet and so neither elf made any comment about it. Glorfindel finished the braid and tied it off, and then returned the brush to the dresser. Elrond ran his hand down the braid and smiled at Glorfindel when the blond returned to his seat. "Thank you." "You're welcome," Glorfindel replied with a smile of his own. Elrond leaned back against the pillows and retrieved his book, seeing Glorfindel pick up his own book out of the corner of his eye. They both continued reading. And waiting. 2:30pm Glorfindel had just finished his book and was in the process of putting it back on the shelf when there was a quiet knock on the door. Aurellias had finished his check-up not long ago, and Glorfindel frowned as he wondered who it would be. He cast a glance to the bed, where Elrond was still soundly sleeping, and went to answer the door. He found Elrond's son on the other side. "How is he?" Elrohir asked quietly. "Asleep," Glorfindel replied, opening the door wider to let him in. "At the moment there's not much else for him to do." "I