Prolog "How long have we been walking through thistwisted Hell?" a whisper echoed to a shadowed figure in the depth of the halls of the old Dwarfish kings, that once feasted and made merry but now over Centuries of being deserted, after the Great Battle of Dagorald . . ., it had grown to be such a place of utter terror that none who dare walk in make through to the other side. "At least two days we should be out in a few." The shadowed figure said under his breath to the owner of the question. Chapter one: The gaining and the Loss. The she-elf fitted her bow and amid at her target. The Elves around her did so as well and prepared to let loose their arrows all fixed at the same target from different angles. The Judge let fly the white banner which caught the breeze and all arrows were released. There was a great swoooshing sound and every one turned to the target (a massive tree.) and saw that only one green arrow had landed dead center. "looks like it was only you this time, Lenethae." Called the Judge. All the elves grumbled with disapproval that a she-elf should do better then a male elf. "the Final challenge of your task today is to cross through this bog with out getting your hair, head or hands wet." "But sir!" cried one of the elves. "how are we to swim with out getting our hands wet- I have not finished." Interrupted the judge. "you must have at least one part of your body touch the mess you are to pass through. I f you do not than you fail and will start over at lesson one working your way up to the beginning yet again some for the second and third and some for the First." He said looking at the new faces that stood before him. You shall start whenever you are ready after I let the banner go. "Are you scared she-elf?" hissed an unpleasant voice from behind Lenethae. "Why should I be when I'm only up against you?" She retorted in a cool tone. "because your kind do not belong here. Nor will they stay here. I will make sure of that." He came closer. And whispered in her ear you would make a fine spouse for me if you would just step down and exit this tournament. Then I might even ask for your hand – I f you don't shut-up I swear I'll cut off your head and I don't mean the one atop of your neck!" she spat in disgust. Just then she saw the white banner flowing from the banister of the judges table and she jumped of the edge of the cliff before the male left could reply and caught hold of a thick vine and swung her way across the bog letting her left boot skim the foul scented water and landed gracefully on the other side standing firm she drew a dagger from within her right boot and cut of the vine from the tree so the others could not mimic her and turned to wait for the others to try and pass through the bog on foot. None prevailed. Except one who cleverly tied a piece of hithlain to an arrow and shot it across the bog letting it pierce through a tree looped his bow through the elfish rope and tied it securely to another tree and swung across also skimming the putrid water with his boot. "Two successful elves have earned the right to be accounted worthy of the brand. Amanor. Please step forward and remove your shirt so that a brand may be placed on your right shoulder." The elf called Amanor stepped forward and removed his tunic. and kneeled down. The white hot brand of a leaf encircling a star was placed on his right shoulder. He let out a gasp of pain and clutched at the grass beneath him. "Lenethae would you please step forward and remove your shirt so that the brand may placed on your right shoulder." The male elves snickered. Lenethae stepped forward and kneeled removing her right arm from her tunic the male elves hooted at her gender and there were cat calls and gearing but Amanor stepped forward covering her chest so that only her bare right shoulder was exposed. "Show her more respect!" He shouted. "Do you not know who she is! What she is!" The brander stepped forward and The brand was placed on her right shoulder and burned the flesh away in the proper spot. Lenethae stood up after she was done receiving her mark and held Amanor's tunic before her chest and let her tunic fall reveling another brand and that, was one of that of the rangers. All the elves fell into silence as she let drop more of her tunic showing but yet a third mark. There was dead silence throughout the forest for the third mark which she bore was that of the Assassin Elves. She put her right arm back into her sleeve and walked away. Those who saw her leave the clearing never saw her return. Moria Same Time "Were almost out of food." a Ranger muttered to a Wizard in the dark gloom of Moria. "We should have a enough to make it to Lorien and then we will restock." "And after Lorien?" The Ranger pressed further. "We shall see In time. I must first take Council with Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn of the Golden Wood and their Captain Halidr of the Galadhrim, first before I take any further action. The Ranger was thinking desperately to himself that they needed a better plan than this, but the fact that they would soon be arriving in a safe Haven made up for the unpleasantness in his stomach. "Gandalf? Gandalf, I'm hungry." "Did you have breakfast?" "Yes but- "than you should be fine." "Gandalf!" "Pippin. . . . Merry hissed. Pippin here, have this." And he handed Pippin some bread. "Thanks I knew I misplaced that." And Aragorn snatched the piece of bread away from the two hobbits. "Strider please can we have some bread of yours?" "Were really hungry Pippin continued." Aragorn grinned inwardly. "alright but it's my last piece so don't let it go to waste. Ill have to wait till I get to Lorien for anything else to eat." And he began to rummage through his knapsack for the piece but when he tried to hand it to them he was met with sorry and disappointing eyes. 'its alright." Pippin said in a tone that suggested that he and Merry realized they were asking to much for themselves again. "But you can take an old mans instead?" called Gandalf over his shoulder. "Well . . . I thought, maybe since you were a wizard that . . . well. . . I don't know . . . maybe you could, could get more, some how?" "I am a wizard indeed but not one that can produce food when necessary." Answered Gandalf. And they continued to climb the long staircase of Moria. When they reached the top of the long stair case they stopped. "Gandalf?" Frodo Questioned. "I have no memory of this place." He muttered sadly. They made camp and waited while Gandalf sat in deep thought trying to figure out witch tunnel to take. Frodo sighed after a half an hour of waiting he finally got up to speak with Gandalf. On his way up to were the wizard was siting he saw something move below him. He peard over the ledge of the steps and saw it move again. He quickly moved up to wear Gandalf was sitting and told him that there was something moving beneath them. "it's Gollum." Gandalf stated. "He's been following us for three days. "Gollum?" Frodo whispered in shock. "He escaped Barad-dur." Frodo hissed. "Escaped? He was set free, after the Orcs got what they needed from him. Smegal life is a sad story. Yes Smeagal, he said looking amused at the surprised look on his face. "That's what he was called before the ring took hold of him, before it corrupted him." Gandalf's voice trailed off. Mirkwood Same time Lenethae took her arrow's that had been collected for her at he exit gate and quickly mounted her steed. She rode off before anyone could stop or talk to her. About two hours later she arrived at the gates to her home and her family of a town. When she walked in all of the little children came rushing up to her to give her hugs. She dismounted and let them knock her off her feet. She began to laugh and tickle them and they soon joined in her laughter. Finally she managed to get to her feet and the Adults came to claim their Children. "So how did it go?" asked her mother. In a stern voice. Lenethae's mother did not approve of her daughters choices most of the time, when she should be in cleaning she's out hunting, when she should be in bed she's out practicing fencing or archery. When she should be at home resting or cooking she's out training with the other male elves to keep in shape when even though she stayed perfectly lean and pale skinned Her mother just thought it unworthy of her daughters time to stay out and act like a male when she be female. It just wasn't right in her mothers mind even though everyone else in the village admired and respected her especially her father. Her mother was just set against the whole thing interlay. I met the same standards as the Male Mirkwood elf. She announced to everyone. They all cheered and clapped for her with smiles on their faces. "Lets celebrate with the Feast!" Cried one of the Villagers. "THE feast" said Lenethae to her mother. Emphasizing on the word 'the'. "They All knew you'd win so they spent the whole day preparing you a celebration party." "They-? What?" Lenethae sounded confused. "Come. Ill show you." And she lead her daughter to the towns Mess-hall. Inside the whole hall was decorated, with 'Congratulations Lenethae!' on a gold Banner hanging from the ceiling over the overly large fire place. They ate and drank the whole night and were just at the point were the women and children began to clean up and the Male elves began to sit back and discuss the days events when Lenethae heard a noise out side the window that she was siting next to. She silently alerted the male-elf next to her and jabbed her finger towards the window with a stern expression on her face. He nodded and sent the warning across the room. The Women and children were move to the Wine cellar beneath ground in the kitchen and the male elves along with Lenethae gathered what weapons they had on them for not many had brought with them there knives or bows. But all had at least a dagger or two. They stood ready while one went to open the door and another had an arrow pointing at the door that was soon to be opened when the elf did so there was a loud bang a burst of blue light, a force that struck Lenethae so hard that she hit the slanted ceiling, male screams that echoed in Lenethae's ears that were of her people but their screams were full of terror, hate, and confusion. Lenethae hit the floor of the mess-hall with a sickening crunch full of pain and could see no more. But she could hear. She could hear the terrible screams of her people. She felt herself being lifted of the ground. She felt extremely light. She then realized he was transparent and naked. She was floating. She stood up straight and saw all of her companions were still on the floor