A/N: Hogwarts, The Wizarding World and select Characters were created by J.K. Rowling and the rights to such creations belong to her. Original Characters not mentioned in the "Harry Potter" works and connected materials have been created by Pepperonian, . As such, use of these characters in any way should be approved by Pepperonian, as a common courtesy. September 1, 2015 The Casting of Characters In the Compartment G, in the fifth carriage of the Hogwarts Express, there sat a girl. It is through this girl we will tell a story. It's not a particularly nice story, but nor does it carry the devastation of the story of Harry Potter. No, this is a tale of early morning, a tale of a time when the night still lingers and makes it hard sometimes to see the coming day. But ultimately we must hope that this will be a tale of Daybreak. The girl in Compartment G, through whom this tale is told, had no clue of what would await her when she got off the gleaming scarlet train in which she was so safely swaddled. Yet, the train had not yet left the station at that point in time, so how could she have possibly known. Her bright blond head was tucked safely in a book. She had no idea of what would happen once her friends joined her on the train for their fifth year of a magical education. But before we begin, let us familiarise ourselves with the cast of this tale. She, the girl sitting early on the train, was called Penelope Jacobs, a half-blood witch of questionable heritage, and of above average magical talent. Her friends called her Penny and for the most part she was happy with her life. A proud Gryffindor, good friend and astonishingly good transfiguration student (but more on that later) Penny had never had never really wanted for anything in her life. She'd grown up a muggle, with only her single muggle father to look after her, but had been told her mother was a witch at around age ten. She'd made fast friends on her first train trip to Hogwarts, and at the age of fifteen now had a friend base spanning several houses and year groups at school. She was pretty popular, but mainly because she was friendly and pretty with open features, glossy hair and intelligent eyes, yet in the main people tended to glance over her. People would see Penny, but she wasn't noteworthy. Neither was the next soul to join her in the compartment. At least, people wouldn't know she was noteworthy in the slightest. Perhaps that was because almost everything about the girl who sat herself down next to Penny screamed turn around and run away. Her hair was tatty and wild about her shoulders, with a horrendous fringe covering her forehead and impeding her vision. This girl's eyes were hard, almost battle-weary, though the war had been fought over ten years before, and she had an unfortunate habit of glaring heatedly at almost everyone who dared look at her. The fact that she was a large physical presence, tall and lean, almost savage looking, only added to her lack of, well, friendliness. Of course that was a look that Allison Brown had carefully cultivated. She would have preferred to wear her uniform neatly and tie her unruly auburn hair back, but out of concern for other people, she made them stay away. As for the reason for this, well, more on that later, but it certainly has to do with the mother that Ally never like to mention to people. Ally had opened herself up to only two people at Hogwarts, and she sat beside one of them. Before the train set off for the school where this tale mainly unfolds, more people joined with Penny and Ally in Compartment G of the Fifth Year Carriage. The grinning, perpetually good looking son of war heroes Remus and Nymphadora Lupin, Teddy Lupin stuck his head through the door on his way to the Prefects meeting to say hello, and would they be interested in group butter beers down at the Three Broomsticks next time they were in Hogsmeade? (The answer was yes and they would get back to him about their other friends) Following closely behind him was free spirited, but rather ordinary Harley Hanson, who asked how their holidays had been and had they seen a guy named Wilfred pass through here. (The answer was no, but they talked about how Gryffindor was definitely going to smash Hufflepuff this quidditch season, a fact which Harley disputed because he was the Captain of the Hufflepuff quidditch team.) Drop-dead gorgeous and popular Victiore Weasley popped in for a while, sitting down to talk to them before remembering she'd left her little sister Dominique alone and dashing off but not before asking them if they knew who the prefects in their year and house were. (The answer was yes, and you can guess who, Vic) The pair saw others in passing. When Penny got up to go to the toilet, marking the page of her transfiguration text book carefully, she ran into her friend's brother, Arthur Abbott, whose Slytherin tie was loosely knotted around his neck and who was also avoiding his brother. Matilda Brown, Ally's little sister and in the same year as Dominque, went wildly dashing past when Penny emerged from the loo. It is worth noting at this point in our tale what Penny saw as she made her way back through the train and her experiences as she went. The carriage for fifth years was less crowded than usual, but only slightly, with some of their cohort now away at the prefects meeting, a boy and a girl from each house. As she passed, on her way back to Ally and Compartment G most people saw her and waved, friendly. She would stop to talk to the bloke she'd shared a cauldron with in fourth year potions, a helpful Ravenclaw called George Corner, or she'd be waved into compartment B for a quick chat with Tory Beale and her new boyfriend (Henry?) and their gang of friends, all Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff people chatting together about the new school year, asking if they'd done the homework set by Professor Chang. Penny saw Victoire again, a Gryffindor, kissing her boyfriend, Teddy, a Hufflepuff who'd obviously escaped the prefects' meeting early. Outside Compartment E, a couple of Gryffindor blokes in her year were scoffing every flavour beans and laughing their heads off about something. "Hey, Penny" they greeted her amiably. They all had class together, they were all Gryffindor, and Penny could call them all by name. Stuart Lethbridge, Mickey Hall, Gary Heyworth, Brendon Brangan and Fred Weasley II, the latter waving his father's latest produce whilst the others all laughed and Stuart spewed into a handy cauldron before chewing the correcting half of the Puking Pastille. Yet, just before reaching the safety of the quiet compartment she shared with Ally and their friends normally, Penny made the mistake of looking into the adjacent compartment, where the Slytherin students sat in sullen silence, some already in their robes though the train had only just started moving. None of them looked very happy to be back at school, which struck Penny as odd, at the time, because she was strangely ecstatic to be going back to Hogwarts. It didn't occur to Penny at the time, though later she would reflect on how true this scene was of the Slytherins. How they were always separate from the others, as if walled off in some manner, almost as if they were contagious. What Penny also didn't notice at the time, was none of them seemed to revel in this otherness. In fact, it looked like it depressed them, saddened them. But, as stated, she didn't dwell on this that September First day, as the autumn leaves began to fall. Instead she returned to her friend, Gryffindor like her, like Victoire and like the heroes of years just recently past. In a short time another witch joined Penny and Ally. She was the last of their trio, perhaps more noteworthy than most for her academic talent and athletic ability. In any other time Margo Abbott would have been one of the most popular girls in school. She was a beautiful girl, second only to Victoire who was part Veela, with softly waving fawn hair and a vivacious smile. Margo was both fiercely driven and loyal to a fault, possessing also an amount of the stubborn bravery Gryffindor students were well known for. However, for all her many talents and fortunes, even her pure-blood status as an Abbott, Margo could not compete with having war heroes for parents. Occasionally this got to her. She was undeniably talented, but many preferred to associate themselves with members of what had been dubbed one year as the "Phoenix Five" referring of course, to the family lines stemming from perhaps the most famous of the Second Wizarding War veterans. The Potters, any of the Weasleys, the Granger-Weasleys, the Lupins (of which there was only one remaining) and the Longbottoms. As it stood, Margo could claim only a tremulous connection to Neville Longbottom, the snake slayer, through marriage. People preferred to seek out the current members of Phoenix families, instead of the way they might normally gravitate to Margo. The youngest of a somewhat divided family, this lack of attention where she thought it sometimes due resulted in a little bit of an attention complex, and a chip on Margo's shoulder. Yet, overall, it can be seen that the trio of girls in compartment G were happy. They talked and they laughed together as the train progressed through the English countryside. And so, with most of our cast now in play, we begin our tale of Daybreak in the compartment used by so many over the years, but now resided in by three underage witches of different backgrounds but common house. September First, 2015 "The Girls in Compartment G" Penny closed the door of the compartment softly behind her, triumphantly gripping the pile of sweets in her arms. Her two closest friends looked at her from where they were sitting and Penny grinned at them. "I got them," she said, unnecessarily, as chocolate frogs threatened to spill from her grip. Penny sat down next to her wild-looking friend and emptied her collection into the cauldron she'd removed from her baggage. Across from them Margo beamed. "I can see that, Penny." She'd changed into robes whilst she was gone, Penny noted, and her new prefect badge was on prominent display, gleaming against the dark school uniform. Other friends might have been annoyed with Margo's enthusiasm to inform the world of her new position, but Penny ignored it. Margo was one of her closest friends, and deserved the role. Besides, Penny was happy to use it as a reason to celebrate. Ally sat silently by the window, staring moodily at the passing landscape. Penny stuck a straw in a carton of Hephzibah's Finest Pumpkin Juice and gave it to her. "Cheer up, Ally," She admonished. "It's a brand new school year and we have reason to scoff our faces." She raised her own juice carton, "Congrats on Prefect, Margo." Margo beamed again, and Penny noted that at least one of her friends was in a very good mood. It wasn't however unusual for things to be off with Allison the first day of school. She and Margo tended to ignore it. Especially if, like today, there had been one of her monthly cycles just a few days before. Ally managed a weak smile, probably to placate Margo, and raised her juice box too. Margo grinned in reply and grabbed one of the chocolate frogs from the floor, tossing it to Ally. "Come on, Brown, eat up. Wizard's Chocolate's meant to be one of the best restorative foods in