A/N: Hello again! So I had this awesome idea, while writing a little blurb about my own dream. I relate to this story immensely. Since I am a theatre loving loser, I know… I know. But if you don't like that sort of stuff, just give this a try, for me. I was debating this be a Peeta/Katniss or Cato/Katniss fanfiction. Peeniss won, but if enough people would rather Cato/Katniss I can change it. Since Peeta won't be showing up until the second chapter. Also, let me know if you want a Peeta POV. I love you all, and I hope you enjoy this! Chapter 1: Katniss POV My hands nervously plays with the curled tendril of my dark brown hair. Being in the dressing room was something I wasn't used to and despite my passion; I could have gone without this whole process. I didn't care about the makeup, hair or clothing, I just wanted to go out on that stage and perform. I lean slightly forward, but hold out my hands to brace myself. It was these damn heels my prep team was making me wear. It was boarding on pathetic, I can't even walk correctly. But they insisted how if I didn't wear the heels, then my dress wouldn't look right. I glance down at my body and gaze at the long gown. It was black, and part of my leg peaks out through a slit. It was stunning, but far too provocative for my taste. Thousands of people sit in the comfortable red plush seats. People talking animatedly about the amazing show they just witnessed. They think it's over and they won't expect what's about to come. Most people wouldn't of course, being the closing act is an honor and I was just lucky enough to snag the spot. Individuals have begun to stand and stretch their tired limbs, picking up their winter garments and gathering their belongings. The director had just decided to put me in the show yesterday, so I don't think my name is in the guide. " Shit, honestly?" Her loud voice booms in the auditorium, catching everyone's attention. I peak out the opening of the curtain to see the director stomping her way up the stairs. Anyone could tell that her patience ran low, and getting on her bad side wasn't exactly something I wanted to do. Startled, I look away from her and continue my job. Squirting the blue cleanser onto the dressing room mirrors and wiping it down with the checkered cloth. The girls here just loved to draw hearts all over the mirrors in lipstick. Did they have nothing better to do? " What's wrong Johanna?" A squeaky voice breaks the silence, most likely belonging to her assistant, Lavinia. The only person perfectly okay with obeying and following every damn thing Johanna does or says. She has never complained about it, but I felt bad for her. I know she is in the same place as me and she probably couldn't wait to finally get her big break. Although I had the advantage, I wasn't one of Johanna's guinea pigs and I didn't plan on becoming one either. I guess I would have to be satisfied with being on the side lines, just until the time was right. Johanna wasn't possibly expecting me to stand around cleaning mirrors and mopping floors for the entirety of this job. Was she? " God dammit, Lavinia, what did I tell you about sneaking up on me?" I hear the red head mumble her apologies. "Okay, I don't give a shit what you're all doing, but I want all your asses out on the stage now!" Johanna's booming voice echoes through the large theater and I carry myself out of the dressing room, dragging the glass cleaner with me. Everyone stands in a circle around our strained director, without saying a word. They were all afraid of setting off her even more, in fear of being fired. I have never been in that situation before, but I have seen her wrath. It was certainly a force to contend with. " Okay, so I have exciting news for you all!" Her words are laced with sarcasm and irony. "Our closing act, has cancelled on me. Want to know why? She's knocked up and has a serious case of morning sickness, that seems to happen at every freaking time of the day! Isn't that just perfect? Here's a tip folks, don't have sex, okay?" She pauses, but the room is silent. People exchange glances between each other in anticipation. "Right before the Spring Recital too. Dammit!" Lavinia makes a move to speak, but is silenced by Johanna's hand. "What the hell am I supposed to do? It's tomorrow! How am I going to find someone who's available, and who is going to have a performance ready in less than a day?" She rubs her temples with her index fingers, and sighs. " I can do it!" Before I can stop myself, the words tumble out of my mouth. I cover it in shock and shut my eyes, trying to hide myself. I can't believe I just said that. " Who said that?" Her voice is spiked with amusement. Obviously she wouldn't believe me anyways, so I might as well act as if I said nothing. Luckily, the crowd is big enough for me to cringe down slightly. "Oh, so now you're going to act like a coward? Whoever said that, show your face to me immediately." My ears perk up, and my co-workers stare at me. Out of spite or amusement…I'm not sure, but their gaze is like millions of knifes puncturing my delicate skin. I wasn't going to accomplish anything if I didn't stand up for myself. I gain my composure and stand straight; taking a deep breath, I come into her view. " I said that." She seems shocked, but quickly recovers. She even manages a chuckle. " You? I don't even know if you have any talent? How am I supposed to depend on you to perform in possibly the most important spot in the show? The ending is extremely vital and could cost me my career! For god's sake, I don't even know your name!" I can't help but feel pain and anger course through me, but she's right. I haven't exactly made a name for myself yet, and my resume hadn't been particularly memorable. But if I wanted to become more than just one of the janitors, I had to do something about it. Now was the time I guess. " Katniss. My name's Katniss." I don't attempt to move closer, but I stand my ground. " Great, well, Catpiss. I have no idea what you're capable of doing, so unless you show me what you can sing, you aren't getting that spot." I don't object her, but when I open my mouth to speak nothing comes out but the rustic sound of my voice, singing to the one song I know off by heart, the one I could sing in my sleep. I can almost feel the rough grass on my back as I lay in the meadow behind my house, the soft breeze blowing through my hair, the bright laughter that comes from my sister and her friends as they dance around aimlessly. No, this was nothing like home. Home was where I stood amongst the other choir members, singing to the all familiar, Don't Stop Believing. Home was where I sat beside my best friend, singing the song we practiced for hours on. Where he always insured that my voice was good enough. No, this wasn't home. I was comfortable at home, and now? I could feel the beads of sweat run down my back and face. It was ruining my elaborate make-up, I knew that for sure. But I couldn't bring myself to care. I could only wonder what Gale was doing at this moment? He was probably at school, not a clue in the world; considering I never told him about this. He was going to kick my ass later for it too. But the only person I told was Prim, since I know she would never tell my parents. Of course I didn't expect them to come, since my father always had to work. Plus, he was still sour on the idea of me being in the big city, coming from such a small town. His everlasting idea was still for me to become a lawyer… just like him. My father didn't appreciate my choice on career, ranting about how I shouldn't waste good IQ points on something so pointless. In my high school years, all my mother could do was nod in unison with my father. But, when she found out through Prim about my acts at the school coffeehouses and assemblies, she started to show up. She supported me silently, without my father knowing. I was glad that she showed up and supported me, but the least she could have done was stand up for me. I could have used someone there to take my side, besides Prim. But that was in the past now, considering I was here instead of at a school of my father's choice. "One minute." A man says, a tool belt coiled tightly through his pant loops. Something flashes over his hard features, encouragement maybe? He runs a hard through his disheveled blond hair. I let myself smile back at him, and nervously twirl my fingers through the wisps that have fallen out of the intricate up-do. "Katniss, you almost ready?" The brass voice of director rings in my ears is I spin my head to find her standing beside me. All I do is nod, I can feel the nerves begin to settle in my stomach, and I feel as I need to be sick. "Don't be scared, Brainless. You're a terrific singer, but if you miss this up? Just know I will chase down your ass with my ax. Trust me. " I can tell she is trying to lighten the mood, but I can't find it in myself to laugh along with her, deep down I know there is a hint of truth in her words. She gives me a rough pat on the back, and walks away. Probably to ensure everything else is perfected. "Thirty seconds." His voice whispers, as he turns on a microphone and hands it to me. By now, I can see the lights dim slightly and people begin to notice the change in atmosphere. I intake a sharp breath, and exhale slowly, attempting to smooth my nerves. The man holds up both his hands, signalling me that there is ten seconds left. I grip the microphone tightly, and silently walk onto the stage. I stand in the middle of the stage, my confidence fading by the second. I give him a slight nod, and he slowly raises the curtain. My stomach clenches and I feel the automatic need to vomit. I am not afraid. This is what I was born to do. The striking spotlight blinds my vision. Moments pass, until the instrumental booms through the speakers and silence is heard in the audience. No one has attempted to leave, and they seem fairly interested in what's going on. It's a little encouragement, I guess. I take my final breath, and open my mouth, the words flowing freely off my tongue. The song I sang for everyone yesterday, it's the one me and Gale had long since used to practice. Before I know it, I start to feel like I'm at home. The pressure melts away eventually and I put my whole heart into the lyrics. "You did a phenomenal job, Brainless! I swear I can still hear the standing ovation. I've got some calls to make about tonight; don't leave this spot, okay?" She slaps my back and leaves out the dressing room door, mumbling something I