Title: For the Kids By: MaxieMoose, MaxieMooseff Rating: M for later mature content Summary : Edward and Bella have been divorced for four years, but they are amicable and co-parent their soon to be ten-year-old boy, girl fraternal twins. The only thing the kids want for their birthday, which is July 4th, is a group trip with their friends and family. Will Edward be able to survive having his new fiancée, his parents, ex-wife, her angry best friend, and his ex-father in law, who would like to see him swimming with the fish at the bottom of the Atlantic? He realizes he has no choice since he'd do anything for his kids. Edward POV, AH, AU, canon. For the Kids, EPOV I was late. I promised I'd never be late again. But damn, I had a job, a life. I texted Bella and asked her to order for me so the kids didn't have to wait to get their food. When I entered the restaurant, it was easy to spot my family. There were the twins, McKenna with her auburn hair and big brown eyes, and Evan with is his hair dark like Bella's, but crazy all over the place like mine. He also shared my green eyes. Next to them sat Bella, their mother. The woman I thought I'd spend the rest of my life with. Well, that was until the stresses of life chased us down. We failed, Bella and me. "Daddy!" McKenna ran to me and my heart exploded. I loved both my kids equally and had special relationships with each of them, but McKenna was a Daddy's girl to the core. "Hi baby girl, sorry I'm late," I put as much remorse as possible in my voice. She pulled away and winked at me "It's okay, Daddy." Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Bella's grimace and had a feeling she didn't agree with our daughter's statement. But, I was used to disappointing Bella, it was one thing I excelled at, now and when we were together. Thankfully, we were divorced almost four years, so her disappointment was something that no longer kept me up at night. McKenna dragged me to the table so I could join the rest of my family. Evan gave me a timid wave, but didn't get up to hug me, which tore at my heart. "Hey, Ev, how are you?" I kissed his head and chuckled at his untamed hair. "Good." He shrugged. I felt a pang of sadness. I knew he blamed me for the divorce. And, as much as McKenna was a Daddy's girl, Evan was his mother's son. Bella and I locked gazes. I gave her a polite nod. "Hello, Bella. Sorry I'm late. You look lovely tonight." Her eyes narrowed the slightest bit. "Hello, Edward. At least our food hasn't showed up this time," she said flatly. I nodded and sat down. Bella ordered me an iced tea. I was parched and as normal, busy at work and hadn't had enough to drink. I couldn't fight the smile when I tasted the mango syrup in my drink. Bella, despite how she felt about me personally, was a nurturer and was at her best when taking of others. I was touched she did sweet things like this for me. I caught her eye and we shared a tender moment. I thanked her silently for the drink and for not being nasty that I was the late, again. This is one thing Bella and I were good at, silent communication, even if sometimes it caused more harm than good. Clapping my hands together and smiling at my broken family, I asked, "How was everyone's day?" McKenna rattled off a detailed account of her day, sometimes pausing, allowing her brother to get a few words in. I listened with interest and devoured the food that had arrived. I couldn't remember if I had lunch. I was famished so I assumed probably not. As both kids told various stories, each with their own unique flair, I listened with awe. I hated that I missed this time with them on a daily basis; at least I got to enjoy it every Wednesday. As hard as these dinners were to make, I wouldn't trade this time with the kids for anything. I already missed so much of their lives. Bella was extra quiet tonight. It was as if she sensed I had something serious to discuss with her, but that conversation will have to wait until our planned lunch date for Friday. "Edward, how was your day?" Bella asked when McKenna finally wound down her dissertation. I sat back and blew out a shaky breath. "It was good, busy. We got a new account that Jasper and I have been working on for six months." I smiled proudly at my accomplishment. The kids cheered and Bella nodded mutely. I felt like she had something to share, but kept quiet. I needed to tell her that Tanya and I got engaged. A felt a pang of nervousness, if she ever were to tell me similar news, I wouldn't be happy. There was no man good enough to live with my kids … and her. I was a dick, I knew it, but my protectiveness for my family outweighed any guilt I had about my feelings. Trying to dispel the heavy thoughts that swirled in my brain, I took a greedy sip of my drink. My former wife fought a smile when she saw how much I was enjoying it. "And how was your day?" I asked Bella with curiosity, worrying over her quiet demeanor. "It was good. I got an interesting call from your mother," she said with some bite to her voice. "Really," I asked with my eyebrows raised, hoping she would expand why my mother called her, but Bella gave me the tiniest shake of her head, telling me this wasn't the time or place. We had little ears present. I let it drop; trusting her completely that me pushing the topic was not a good idea to do in front of the kids. "Before you showed up, the kids and I were talking about their birthday and how they'd like to celebrate. I was wondering if they wanted to split the holiday week, like we did last year, or should we do two separate consecutive weeks." She stated in a calm voice. I noticed Evan and his sister having a silent conversation while their mother talked. Bella did too and gave me a questioning glance before she spoke up. "What's wrong?" She asked them. I realized, Bella and I weren't the only ones who had expert skills as silent communicators. Evan gave his mom a grimace, but motioned for McKenna to be the spokesperson. "Mom, Dad, you know how much we love you, right?" Oh, shit, those were never good words out of her mouth. "So yeah, anyway, we want to do a combined trip this year for our birthday." "Combined?" "All of us." Bella and I spoke over each other. "Yes," McKenna said simply. Bella let out a disgusted guffawing noise and I narrowed my eyes at her. I wasn't ecstatic by a trip with the four of us. But, would it really be that bad? We had dinner together as a family unit every week; it wasn't like the four of us were never together. "Honey, that's not really an option," Bella said in disbelief. I guess she wasn't thrilled at the idea of a combined trip. "Yes it is, Mom ," Evan said sternly. Bella and I were both taken aback. Our kids had always been well behaved and it was a rare day when one of them raised their voice in defiance, especially to their mother. "Excuse me. I don't care how mad you are, you don't talk to me that way … or your father," Bella corrected him. I thanked her silently for including me in her correction. No matter what happened to our marriage, we were a united front when it came to raising the kids. Bella was doing a good job at being bad cop; I decided to put on my good cop hat. "Ev, Mac, your mom and I both love you very much. You know that, yes?" I waited for them both to nod and I had their full attention. "Despite how we feel about you, a combined trip is not a possibility," I expressed in a soft tone, but put enough firmness in my voice so they knew I meant my words. McKenna looked down and her chin quivered just the slightest. Evan, my stubborn son, crossed his arms over his chest, leaned back in his chair, and glared at me. "It's not possible, because you left us. If you would just be with your family, it would be possible . You don't care about us, all you care about is your bimbo girlfriend and her plastic bo – " Bella's mouth hung open in shock while I stopped Evan's tirade. "Stop it!" I said too loud by the stares I received from the other patrons in the restaurant. "First of all, I never left you, I love you. Your mother and I's relationship has nothing to do with you. We love you more than life itself. Secondly, Tanya is my girlfriend and you will respect her. And, where in the hell did you learn how to talk like that … about Tanya's …?" "Do you mean, her plastic – " Bella was coming out of her shock and held up her hands to stop our son. "Evan, stop it!" "But, Mom, that's what Aunt Rose calls them," he insisted. Damn that Rose. Emmett at one time was one of my best friends, but his wife, not so much. I wasn't too let down when Bella seemed to end up with Rose and Emmett in the divorce. Bella fought a smile. "Evan, you're not your Aunt Rose. Talk like that again and you'll lose all electronics for a week." "But, mom, that's not fair," he whined. "Ev, life isn't fair. The sooner you learn that, the easier you'll life will be." Bella's eyes glossed over with sadness. It was as if she socked me in the gut. I knew she was talking about our marriage and me. I was dreading Friday, but I knew if I put it off any longer, she'd be more hurt and upset. Better to just rip that band-aid off now and tell about my engagement. McKenna dropped her head on the table as if it weighed fifty pounds and sobbed. My heart felt like it weighed fifty thousand pounds. I can't stand to see my baby-girl cry. I pulled her onto my lap. Her little body was like a worn out rag doll that had lost some of its stuffing. She clung to my shirt and cried into my chest. Evan came over and rubbed her back. "We tried Mac. Don't cry. It'll be okay." Unfortunately, that made her quiet cries turn into dramatic sobs. I saw Bella wipe a tear from her flawless cheek. I wasn't the only one who couldn't stand to see Mac cry. Evan hugged her and we found ourselves in a three-way hug. Bella came over, got down on her knees, and rubbed both kids on the back. She looked at me with those brown eyes I could never resist. They were what first drew me in. They were the same eyes as my daughter. Once again, our silent communication was in harmony and we knew what we had to do. We were going on a group trip, together for their birthdays. I knew that once I told Tanya this nugget of information I'd see fireworks, but not in a good way. F-my life. Mac finally calmed down and we decided to order dessert and discuss, or I should I say negotiate, this trip. Even though Mac stopped crying,