Twilight Post Secret Challenge Number of Secret Chosen: #24 Pen-name: MaxieMoose Title: Rock Stars Don't Make Pancakes Word Count: 4,004 Beta: ohmyitsv Rating: M Pairing: Bella/Edward, Edward POV Summary: Edward got everything he ever wanted. However, along the way he lost the girl he loved and her magic banana pancakes. Can he give up the rock star lifestyle and get his family back, or is it too late? Disclaimer: S. Meyer owns Twilight. But she is a rock star and lets us all play in her sandbox. I feel a warm body. My mind races, my head feels like someone stomped on it, and my mouth is dry as the Sahara. Bella? Could it be her? Was she here? Or, I was dreaming again and my mind was fucking with me? "Hey, do you have any smokes?" A raspy voice asks. Yeah, definitely not my Bella. I had to stop with the coke – it was messing with my head. I open my eyes to the plastic Barbie doll lying next to me. Fuck, another lay I don't remember. I sit up and the pounding of my head triples. I look around to confirm, and thankfully, there is a discarded used condom in the wastebasket and a wrapper on the floor. At lease when I'm jacked up and drowning my sorrows in band groupies, I wrap Mr. Winky up nice and tight. I can't help but smile at the memories of the ridiculous name Bella gave my dick, Mr. Winky. I missed Bella and Vannie. "Oh, a smile for me?" The obnoxious blonde in my bed rubs her hands over my chest. "Yes, lover, last night rocked. It was good for me too. How about an encore, Mr. Super Rock Star, Edward Cullen?" "Get out." I didn't have patience for the tramp when I was sober. She pouted, straddled my lap and stuck her fake boobs in my face. "But, I want to fuck you. You were an amazing lover." I pushed her off me. I was ready to kill someone and she was about to be the unlucky target. The pain in my head was wearing my patience thin. "I said to get out," I spat firmly as I stumble to take a piss. The blonde huffs and gets out of bed. "Fine, but you'll be sorry and miss this body tomorrow night, when you need someone to keep you warm." She motions over her fake skinny body. I look away annoyed She mutters obscenities as she stomps to the other bathroom with the little bit of clothing she was wearing. Thankfully, she leaves quickly. I smoke on the balcony and try to remember what city we played in last night. Seeing the ocean triggers it. "Oh, right. Miami." Bella always liked Florida. I wonder if her mom still lives here. I pick up the phone to get the day started. "Seth, I'll be down in twenty. I want to try the diner down the street this time," I tell him. "Edward, James said it would require too much security. Plus, he wants to eat in the hotel," Seth says in his chipper voice. Why the hell is he always so chipper? "I don't give a flying monkey fuck what James said. I'm the boss, I pay the bills, so we're going down the street to the diner. If James has a fucking issue with this, then tell him he's fired!" I scream into the phone. "Sure, Edward. Sorry." Seth sounds crest fallen. Fuck, the kid was too nice for the likes of me. "I'm sorry, Seth, but you know my ritual." "No worries, and yeah, I know the drill." It sounded like he was putting his hand over the phone and was talking to someone else. "Sorry. Um, James said it's not a problem. We'll be by to get you in twenty minutes." "Good, I'll be ready. Bye." I hang up and head to the bathroom to shit, shower and shave. After we settle into the diner, I order my standard, bacon, eggs, hash browns, and sourdough toast. Seth gets his usual, plus the diner's banana pancakes. Everyone digs into their food except for me and Seth. My leg bounces in anticipation, although in my heart I knew that the pancakes wouldn't be as good as my Bella's. I'm obsessed with finding banana pancakes as good as hers. Even though, I swore to her I would never eat anyone else's pancakes, that hers were the best in the world. It's one of many lies I have told her, lies that tear me apart with regret. During all my travels, Seth and I try every morning to find banana pancakes as good as Bella's. Thus far, nothing compares. Maybe if I find some that are as good, I can eat them and feel close to her, to Vannie, to everything I lost. My mouth swims with anticipation as Seth takes a big bite. He nods a little, but then frowns and mouths, 'sorry.' He had eaten Bella's pancakes a lot and these did not stack up. Fuck! I threw my napkin on the table in frustration. I knew it was useless; I could never eat banana pancakes again unless Bella made them. I'd fucked up that relationship enough. I'm sure Bella won't ever talk to me again, let alone make her special pancakes for me. After another failed breakfast experiment, I was tense like a stretched rubber band. I barely touched my food. I was rubbing my eyes roughly with my palms when Demetri, that fucker, opened his mouth. He was new to the tour – an equipment guy – and he was a douche. "So, Seth, what's the deal? Why do you always get two breakfasts and only eat one?" Everyone looked away. The table got silent. "Uh…" Seth looked at me and I shook my head. This douche did not need to know my business. "Let it drop, man." James gave him a stern look in warning, but the fucker did not shut up about it. After a few minutes, I snapped and slammed his head into the table. "Shut the fuck up before I snap your neck," I warned him. "Edward, chill, you're causing a scene." I let the fucker go. He gasped for air, but at least he was not running his trap anymore. Silence loomed around the table and I knew I had to control my temper. I used a technique Dr. Banner taught me. I thought back to a good memory, something that would bring me peace. Something that happened in our lives before things got so fucked up. Something before I became Edward Cullen, the rock star. ### I crossed my arms and watched as Bella, my own personal sun, shook her booty to the tunes of Van Morrison while finishing the pancakes. Her hair was piled on her head in a messy bun. She had on my worn out Green Day concert t-shirt. Her perfect ass shook as she sang into a substitute microphone – a spatula. As her tiny hips swayed to the music, I saw the tip of her bare ass and Mr. Winky, the ridiculous name Bella gave my cock, perked up like the unpredictable prairie dog he was. The sight in front of me was the best thing I've seen in my life. The only thing that could enhance it would be a baby, our baby, sitting off to the side watching her mother cook me those fucking magical, delicious banana pancakes. The thought of Bella's stomach swollen carrying our child made me grin like a fucking lunatic. Yes, a baby. I preferred a daughter, but the sex really didn't matter as long as it was healthy and had Bella's eyes. That little addition to the scene before me would be a welcome enhancement. Not being able to resist any longer, I snuck up on her and enveloped her body, wrapping my arms around her thighs and snuggling into her neck. I dragged my hands up her legs to her neatly groomed pussy. She knew how I liked my pussy at breakfast – sans panties and nicely groomed. Actually, if we were in private, I forbade my girl to wear panties ever. I palmed her sex and kissed my favorite spot behind her ear. I was so close to her, I could feel her whole body move just slightly from the huge smile on her face. "Good morning, baby. Hungry?" She asked in her angelic voice. I made sure she pulled the last of the pancakes off the griddle pan and turned off the gas before I stuck one finger into her and massaged her clit with my thumb. She whimpered and leaned into me. " Yes, I am hungry." I growled into her ear before I added another finger, thrusting into her. " Edward, the food…" She simpered. " Baby, it will be just as good in five minutes after I fuck you." She turned around and graced me with a sexy grin. With expert skill, she jumped up and wrapped her legs around my hips. I immediately felt the warmth of her center. If possible, Mr. Winky got harder and I couldn't contain my moan. " Five minutes? You, an almost famous rock star, will only last five minutes?" I ground my painfully hard dick into her. "When Mr. Winky hits the promise land, his ego is shot and he can't help but bust at the seams." Bella giggled and my mouth opened in shock. "You, missy, should not laugh at me, and especially at Mr. Winky. We might cut you off." She rubbed against me as I backed her onto our tiny kitchen counter. A traitor moan escaped out of my mouth. She gave me a coy smile then pulled off the Green Day t-shirt, exposing her beautiful body. "Oh really? Have you consulted with Mr. Winky? I am not sure he would be on the same page as you." I kissed her neck and thrust a painfully hard Mr. Winky into her core. The thin material of my boxer briefs allowed me to feel all of her. She hissed as I continued my circuit of circle, kiss, thrust. Hah, take that you one-eyed snake charmer, magical pussy. Of course, Mr. Winky, a.k.a. the traitor, was begging to be buried into Bella's voodoo magic pussy. " Need…you…now," Bella panted as she struggled to get my boxers down. Mr. Winky sprung out and I slammed into her. Bella and I groaned in unison. " Fuck, baby, I'll never get tired of this. This voodoo magic pussy is only for me." Bella's head banged against our dingy white kitchen cabinet, her back arched and begged me to suck on her pert nipples. " Did you hear me, baby? Only for me. Say it, baby, tell me…" I pleaded. No matter how secure I was in our relationship, I begged her to reaffirm her love for me. That she belonged to me and only me. She panted and moaned as I thrust into her. I took her right nipple in my mouth while my hand gave the left one some love. " Say it..." I mumbled around her rosy nipple. " Oh god, baby, yours…I'm yours – always." I felt my balls tighten and the familiar euphoria clench through my lower abdomen. I wanted to last longer, but I could tell Bella was close. I knew her body so well. I played her like my favorite piano. " That's right, baby, ugh!" I sped up, pushing us towards the cliff of ecstasy. "I'm yours… and you're mine – always." Bella had her eyes shut. She could never keep them open when she was this close to exploding around me. With my words and my declaration, she opened them. Her jaw was slack, and her eyes strained to stay open. With each thrust, her moans increased, my balls got tighter and her tits bounced closer to her chin.