" I have come. But I do not choose now to do what I came to do. I will not do this deed. The Ring is mine!" So saying, Frodo slipped the Ring on his finger, a devilish smirk playing across his face that was now devoid of the kindness and compassion that had once endeared him to so many. Sam stood helplessly by, unable to do anything but watch as his beloved master disappeared from his sight. And then - Gollum was there, fighting with Frodo for possession of the Ring. But Frodo overpowered him and flung Gollum over the abyss into the flames below. There was a screech of pain, the likes of which made Sam want to cover up his ears - and Gollum was no more. Now visible once more, Frodo turned his gaze on Sam, who refused to run from his master, despite the unholy gleam in his eyes that warned the simple hobbit of danger. Sam stood his ground as Frodo advanced. " You are mine, Samwise Gamgee! Do you hear me? All mine!" Frodo proclaimed, gripping Sam tightly by the arms and pushing him none-too-gently to lie down on the stone ground, cold despite the fires raging below them. " Yes, Mister Frodo," whispered Sam, breathlessly. "I'm yours, and always have been." " Now I mark you as mine, and thus stake my claim," said Frodo, and for the first time, Sam became aware of a hardness pressing into his thigh. He gasped as he realized his Frodo's intent. " Please, sir," he begged, "You don't want me - not like this." " Oh, but you're wrong, Sam," whispered Frodo, and Sam caught a glimpse of the old Frodo from the Shire - his kindly master, Frodo - in both his manner and looks. His next words, though, shattered that image, "I want to take you, hard and fast, so that you'll never think of bedding anyone else as lovers do." " Begging your pardon, sir," said Sam, "But if you took me the way you say, that wouldn't be lovin'-like, to my mind." " No one asked your opinion," Frodo hissed as his eyes went completely black, instead of the pleasant blue color that put Sam in mind of a crystal clear lake on a fine summer's day, and he suddenly struck Sam hard across the face. The force of the blow caught Sam off guard and prevented him from resisting Frodo's advances as he unbuttoned Sam's shirt before moving to unlace his breeches. " Please, sir," Sam whimpered as he was completely bared before his master. Though he had fantasized of Frodo taking him many times, such fantasies had taken place in Hobbiton - perhaps in Frodo's own bed or in the hills surrounding the Shire - but never like this. Although Sam was normally accommodating to a fault where Frodo was concerned, the hobbit crouched above and taking him roughly in his mouth was not Mister Frodo. That thought alone gave him the courage and strength to fight back and attempt to throw off the hobbit impersonating his beloved Frodo. Still, he wasn't entirely successful, as he didn't want to truly harm the look-alike Frodo. And that gave the Ring-crazed Frodo an opening which he took full advantage of, wrapping his slender hands around Sam's throat and beginning to squeeze with all his might. " Please, sir," Sam whispered, begging with his last breath for his Frodo to return. He didn't beg for his life; that wasn't worth one whit if his Frodo wasn't there beside him. No, he begged for Frodo to remember their life in the Shire from before and all the good times they had shared: the food and drinks, the friendship and laughter... Frodo awoke with a start, looking down to find Sam pinned beneath him on his bed in Bag End, his hands wrapped around Sam's throat as his face steadily turned purple from lack of oxygen. Quickly, Frodo released him and scrambled off of the bed to put some distance between them. As he did so, he realized that his dream had made him hard, and he was struck by the realization of what might have happened had he not woken up when he had. Sam, having regained his breath, rose to his feet and slowly made to approach Frodo, his arms outstretched in the universal sign of surrender. "Don't come near," Frodo whispered, holding up a shaky hand to halt Sam's progress, his voice still harsh from the after-effects of the dream. Sam froze in his tracks, looking on Frodo - not with hurt, as Frodo had expected, and, truth be told, welcomed - but with sympathy. "You were dreaming of... It , weren't you?" Sam asked without judgment or censure. With a cry, Frodo sank to the ground, having backed himself into a corner, and raised his knees to his chest, wrapping his hands around his ankles and proceeding to rock back and forth as he sought to conquer the night-demons that still plagued his sleep - and, even on occasion, his waking hours. There were many instances where only Sam's soothing voice and reassuring touch had recalled him from the brink of despair as he re-lived some moment or other from the seemingly-impossible Quest he had embarked on with only his Sam for company. "Come back, me-dear," whispered Sam, and Frodo opened his eyes - since when had he closed them? - to discover Sam kneeling in front of him, hands outstretched as if to touch him but waiting for permission. "Sam..." Frodo whimpered pitifully, and found himself enfolded in Sam's sturdy embrace. "I'm here," Sam whispered in his ear. "You'll never be alone; I'll always follow, wherever you will go." Frodo found that he was crying, but realized that the tears dripping down his cheeks were not all his: Sam was crying, too. His Sam, his unflappable gardener, had been reduced to tears because of him. He made to pull away, and thus remove himself from Sam's presence, but the other hobbit merely tightened his arms around Frodo and refused to let go. "No, you need me and I'll not desert you now," Sam whispered fiercely. "I never could," he added brokenly as he recalled the one time he had and the torture inflicted on Frodo as a result. "Dear Sam..." Frodo murmured as he wound a hand around Sam's tousled curls, hugging him to his breast. Sam closed his eyes against the emotions threatening to overwhelm him at hearing his name spoken so tenderly - almost reverently - by his master, and he had to remind himself of his place, lest he give himself hope that his feelings were returned. The pair of hobbits remained crouching on the floor for many minutes - Frodo trembling in the safety of Sam's arms - until Frodo's stomach rumbled as a reminder to Sam of the duty he had to his master. "Forgive me, sir," he stammered, releasing Frodo as if he had been burned. "You'll be wantin' your breakfast - and a nice warm cup of tea, I'll warrant. That'll take care of those shakes." Frodo smiled at Sam and moved to stand, only for Sam to take his hands and help him up himself. Frodo felt a surge of energy where their skin touched, and wondered if Sam could feel it too. He sensed his face becoming flushed, heating up from such close contact with his secret love. His lips parted, unbidden, and his breath came in short, harsh gasps as he fought the urge to close the miniscule gap between himself and Sam to connect their lips. Truth be told, he didn't trust himself to stop at a mere kiss, not after that dream. He feared hurting Sam, which would kill him in turn, destroying his very will to live. He drew back, releasing Sam's hands, and found his good sense returned to him. "Alright, there, Mister Frodo?" inquired Sam, who hadn't failed to notice his master's flushed features and his shortness of breath. "I'm fine, Sam," said Frodo, choosing not to examine Sam's concern too closely. He only cares because we're friends, because I pay his wages. I'm the master and he's my servant , Frodo reminded himself harshly, while doing his best not to quail at simplifying his and Sam's relationship to such an extent. But... is it possible that he cares for me as I do for him? Shaking his head to clear it of such wild thoughts, Frodo forced his still-shaking limbs to obey his command as he walked out the door and down the hall towards the kitchen, unaware of Sam's eyes boring a hole in the back of his head. Since their return to the Shire many months before, Sam had become more attuned to his master's moods: he knew when Frodo wanted company, when he wanted to be left alone, even when he thought he wanted solitude but really desired companionship… that of Sam , specifically. As he and Sam had traveled throughout the Shire, offering healing to both the land and its people, Sam had watched his master with a keen eye, watching as his bodily health deteriorated and he sank into a depression, refusing even to leave the smial. Sam was at a loss: on the Quest, there had always been something for him to do, whether that entailed fetching Frodo some water or keeping watch over his master's sleep, forgoing rest - and even on occasion, especially towards the end of their journey, food - himself. Now, though, that both were safely back in the Shire, Sam's service was required less than while they had been in danger. He no longer felt useful to Frodo, which had always been his purpose before they left: to serve. Following his master into the kitchen, Sam set about to make them both some breakfast. He'd long ago given up trying to convince Frodo that he had no right to join the master of Bag End at the table, as though they were equals. Frodo wouldn't hear a word about how Sam was socially lower than him, and could stand even less to hear the many sayings of Sam's Gaffer, who was a sore point where Frodo was concerned. When Frodo had first started teaching Sam how to read and to write, the Gaffer had pitched a fit and soundly thrashed his son for presuming to rise above his station. Despite being in obvious pain from the welts covering his legs and back, Sam had dragged himself to work the following day; Frodo had gone white with rage when he had seen him. After tending to Sam's injuries and ignoring his friend's - for Sam was his friend, first and foremost, before he was his servant - protestations and obvious embarrassment at his present condition, Frodo had gone to confront the Gaffer. His defense of Sam and his indignation on his friend's behalf was so fierce that the older hobbit had had no choice but to yield and permit Sam to continue his lessons with Frodo. As Sam bustled about the kitchen, he smiled to himself as he recalled the Gaffer's sincere apology upon his return home that particular evening. He had remarked that Sam had a remarkable ally in Frodo, who was a good and kindly master. Sam replied that he valued Frodo's friendship, and that he had no intentions of forgetting his place. But you have forgotten your place, Samwise Gamgee , the younger hobbit chided himself. You love the master, when you have no right feelin' that way 'bout him. He's a gentle-hobbit and you're a gardener, his servant. That's all you'll ever be, nothin' more. Just because you helped him to save Middle-earth by destroying the One Ring, that doesn't prove anything. Just goes to show how loyal you are to the master, and would do anything for him, even walk into Mordor should he so require it of