Frodo closed the door with a sigh, pausing to rest his head against the cool wood. He had just seen the last of his Yule-party guests off: his excitable cousins Merry and Pippin. While he enjoyed their company - they did much to liven up the peaceful life he led in Bag End - the quiet that followed their departure was equally as desirable. It had been a long year, Frodo reflected as he turned to press his back against the door and slid down to the ground. Following Uncle Bilbo's disappearance and his own coming of age, in the past few months Frodo had taken on many of the duties that came with being the master of Bag End, responsibilities that had previously been ignored in favor of gallivanting across one end of the Shire to the next. "Mister Frodo, sir?" came a quiet voice from up above him. Frodo opened his eyes to regard Sam, his gardener and best friend, who was standing a few paces away with his hands clasped behind his back while shifting from foot to foot. "What is it, Sam?" he asked, smiling gently at the younger hobbit. Sam had been a blessing to him in the wake of Bilbo's departure, practically moving in to Bag End to look after Frodo and see that he was taking care of himself. "Do you want me to wash the dishes now or wait until morning?" Sam's voice jolted Frodo from his memories. "Leave them," he said, scrambling to his feet and extending one of his hands. Sam stared at it uncomprehendingly. "Will you join me by the fire, Sam? It's such a cold night out, and the snow makes for a very pretty picture. I'd like to share a few moments of peace with you." "That's very kind of you, sir," Sam started to say, "And I appreciate the gesture. But I really should be getting home now. The Gaffer will be expecting me." "Of course," Frodo replied, and he could feel his face fall. "It's just... I didn't want to be alone. And the snow's coming down so hard... I'm sure your Gaffer would understand if you spent a little more time here, at least until the snow clears up." Sam was torn: on the one hand, he had a duty to his beloved master - Frodo clearly required some company - yet he greatly desired to see his family. In the end, though, attending to Frodo's needs won. Not that electing to stay with Frodo was such a great sacrifice; the elder hobbit was Sam's friend, as well as his master, and Sam enjoyed spending time with him. In a daring move, he reached for Frodo's hand, which had fallen to his side at Sam's initial rejection. "I'd be glad to stay, sir... if you really want me to, that is," he whispered, and was overjoyed to see Frodo's face light up like the stars in heaven. Sam beamed back at his master and let Frodo lead the way into the parlor. "Here," said Frodo, gesturing for Sam to sit in the armchair by the fire and holding out a blanket to wrap himself in once he was settled. "But, sir..." Sam started to protest. "Shh," Frodo held a single finger up against Sam's lips to silence him. "Please, Sam - for tonight, at least, I am simply Frodo. And I've asked you, as my friend - not my servant - to keep me company." Sam's shoulders slumped, and he acquiesced to Frodo's request, taking a seat in the comfortable armchair and allowing for Frodo to tuck the edges of the blanket around him. Frodo left the room for a moment, and when he returned, he was carrying two steaming mugs filled to the brim with hot chocolate. He handed one to Sam before settling himself on the floor at Sam's feet. "Sir..." Sam opened his mouth to object to Frodo's chosen seat. It wasn't right for the master to lower himself to a mere servant. The floor was Sam's place; Mister Frodo belonged in the chair that Sam had usurped from him. A hand on Sam's knee silenced any further protestations. "Please, Sam - not tonight," Frodo begged. "Tomorrow, we can go back to normal: you as my servant and me as your master. But for tonight - just this once, at least - let me serve you ." Sam reached out with one hand and began to stroke Frodo's ebony curls. "As you wish," Sam whispered. Frodo patted Sam's knee and craned his head around to smile at him. "Thank you, my friend," he replied. They fell into silence after that, contentedly sipping at their hot chocolate as they watched the snow fall in the lane outside the window. The moon shone on the whitened ground while candlelight flickered from the tree in the corner, throwing into sharp relief the bows, garlands and other Yuletide decorations that Frodo and Sam had placed around the smial. "It was a good Yule, wasn't it?" asked Sam at last. "Yes, Sam," said Frodo. "It was. And thanks, in large part, to your efforts." "Mine, sir?" asked Sam, bewildered. "This was my first Yule without Bilbo," Frodo began, softly but intently. "Yet you never let me dwell on what I had lost. Rather, you forced me to acknowledge my many blessings - chiefly which has been you, my dear Sam." "Me, sir?" Sam squeaked. "Yes - you," said Frodo, setting down his cup and rising to his knees before turning to face Sam. Placing his hands on either side of Sam, he leaned in close so that they were staring directly in each other's eyes. "I take you and your service for granted, Sam," he went on, bowing his head momentarily in shame. "But this Yule has made me appreciate you all the more. Thank you." He leaned further in so that their faces were now almost touching. "Frodo..." Sam whispered. He felt trapped by Frodo's proximity; he couldn't even move his arms or legs. But he wouldn't have traded his position for all the pipe-weed in the Shire. "Is this alright?" asked Frodo, overcome by a sudden bout of insecurity. He didn't want to do anything that would upset Sam, nor did he want Sam to feel obligated to respond to his advances simply because he was Frodo's servant. Sam found that any words he might have spoken were frozen in his throat; all he could do was nod. Apparently, that was enough encouragement for Frodo to close the distance between them and gently brush their lips together. Although Sam would never admit it - certainly not to Frodo - he had fantasized about this moment many times, wondering what it would be like to kiss his master. Sam could now attest to the fact that reality was much better than his dreams. Frodo's lips were soft against his own, which were slightly chapped from working long days in the garden and going without proper lubrication. Frodo's caress was hardly demanding, yet Sam felt compelled to respond with equal passion. Frodo's arms wrapped around Sam's back and pulled him forwards until he was kneeling on the ground level with Frodo, while the blanket was tangled up between their bodies. "I don't want you to marry Rosie," whispered Frodo, pulling away only to bury his head in the crook of Sam's neck so that his voice was muffled. "I don't want to marry her either, Frodo," said Sam, his brow furrowing in confusion as he puzzled over the notion that Mister Frodo seemed to have fixed in his head. "Where'd you get an idea like that, begging your pardon?" "You've seemed partial to her for a while now," said Frodo, drawing back and sliding his hands up and down Sam's braces while refusing to meet his gaze. "And then you danced with her at Bilbo's party. At my own insistence, I know -" he hastened to add when he sensed that Sam might object to the way he had phrased that particular statement. "But you didn't seem to mind, and I thought it was only a matter of time before you settled down with her and started to raise a family of your own - a family that I can't provide you with." "No offense, Frodo, but that's just silly," said Sam, cupping Frodo's chin in one hand and slowly raising his face so that their eyes were level. "A family don't matter none to me. You are the only family I could ever ask for - or want, for that matter. I love you, Frodo, if it's not too bold for me to say so." "I love you, too, Sam," said Frodo, stroking the smooth sun-kissed skin of Sam's cheek with the pad of his thumb, smiling tenderly at him all the while. He leaned forward and pressed his lips to Sam's forehead, before trailing kisses down either side of his face and across the bridge of his nose; Frodo even paused to kiss Sam's fluttering eyelashes. Finally, though, he arrived at Sam's lips, which were left rosy and swollen from being kissed so thoroughly. Sam raised his hands to frame Frodo's face, brushing away a stray curl in the meantime and dabbing at Frodo's eyes that were glistening with unshed tears at a previously-unrequited love suddenly being realized. He paused to just take in the love radiating from his master's - no, his lover's eyes, and felt an uprising of tenderness swell in his breast for this most exquisite of hobbits. He leaned forward and pressed their lips together again, his first time initiating contact since Frodo had confessed his love with a kiss. "I want you, Frodo," he whispered, breathing heavily from the excitement building within him. "I-I need you - please ." "As you wish, my dear Sam," said Frodo with a grin as he briefly pecked Sam's lips before pulling out the forgotten blanket from between their bodies and spreading it in front of the fireplace. Reaching over and around Sam's head, he grabbed a few cushions from the chair and threw those down on top of the blanket - for their comfort, as he explained to Sam. Taking Sam's hands in his, Frodo shuffled backwards until there was enough space for him to lay Sam down on the ground. He hovered over the excited hobbit, simply taking the time to stare into Sam's eyes and memorize this moment and how it felt to know that he was loved by Sam and that he was about to make love to Sam. Leaning forward, he pressed his lips to Sam's and took that opportunity to enjoy the pleasurable thrill that went down his spine at the first instant when their clothed erections brushed together. Sam gasped, and his eyes shot open at the strange new sensations assaulting his body; but Frodo merely soothed him with whispered reassurances and a gentle touch to his flushed cheeks. "Everything's alright, Sam," said Frodo. "We don't have to do anything more than just lie here - if that's what you want." "No, no - I want to go all the way with you," Sam hastened to assure him. "It's just... I've never done anything like this before - not even with a lass - and I'm scared of disappointing you." "Oh, Sam," sighed Frodo before bending his head down to bestow a sweet and tender kiss on Sam's plump lips. "You could never disappoint me; I love you just the way you are. But I'm glad to hear that I'll be your first." "And my last," Sam stated firmly. "There's no one in all of Middle-earth can compare to you, Frodo. And there won't be anyone else for me - not ever." At Sam's declaration, Frodo kissed him hard on the mouth, crushing their lips together almost desperately. When he pulled away, both hobbits were breathing heavily from the force of the kiss. "For so long,