A/N: Ayo. I'm redoing this fic that I did a while ago, because I realized I could do it ten times better (hopefully) than it was originally. Reviews, suggestions, and constructive criticism are appreciated. Chapter 1 Gale Hawthorne "This town is colder now, I think it's sick of us It's time to make our move, I'm shaking off the rust I've got my heart set on anywhere but here I'm staring down myself, counting up the years Steady hands, just take the wheel... And every glance is killing me Time to make one last appeal... for the life I lead." -Stop and Stare, OneRepublic Love. How did I find it? There were always girls back in 12 who were crazy about me, back before the rebellion. Then there was Katniss. Even now when I think about her, lying in bed beside another woman, my heart melts. If I could see those gray eyes again. If I could hold her face in my hands one more time. If I could go hunting with her behind the Seam, when everything was normal and I didn't have to go to the mines. But now she had Peeta, and she was happy with him. I felt the grudge with in me harden when I think of him, but it's not how it used to be, when they got married and did the toasting and I wasn't informed. I can't say I blame her now. Time ticks by. I count the seconds that gradually slip into minutes, and when I look at the clock again, half an hour has passed since I opened my eyes. I don't blink. I just stare up at the whitewashed ceiling and sigh. The sun will be up soon. It's time to start another day in District 2. I'd been here for five years now, six long years away from Katniss. In those years, 2 had changed a lot, but it would be decades before the district was ever really stable again. But since then, since I first moved here, I'd met her. And I had a job now, one that didn't involve mine shafts and suffocating darkness, one that I enjoyed. I worked, and that was it. Criminology, mostly. And I have Oline now. Oline Roberts. She's a sweetheart. I'm not sure if she loves me, but I love her. I'm crazy about her. We aren't married. Not yet, anyway. But maybe soon, when I know that she loves me. And I have Ezra now. He rarely comes by-he's a busy guy, what with the kids and Sabille expecting again and his work and life and his affairs-but it was Ezra. He's always a busy guy. He's only twenty-five, and already the best at work. He and I are the ones who track criminals, normally. They were usually former Capitol politicians on the run from their trials. He used to be a Peacekeeper. He once tracked a man seventy-three miles through the wilderness surrounding District 2, put a bullet in his chest, and then kept him alive long enough to take back for his trial and execution, an execution Ezra had been in charge of. He loved his job. He was a sociopath. The sun was rising outside on the horizon, shining through the large windows of Oline's bedroom. She must not be working today at the university. She taught classes at the university, in mathematics. Trig, I think. Something I had never learned, on the lines of trig, anyway. She was around the same age as most of her students. I had gone to pick her up after I'd gotten off early one day. I'd stepped inside of her room, an amphitheater-type room with maybe a hundred seats and half as many students. I'd stayed in the back of the room, by the door, and listened as she explained some complicated math equations to a struggling student. When she had at last looked up, her gaze fell on me in the back and she had lost her train of concentration, and a smile had bloomed across her face. Since then I hadn't gone back into her class, out of fear it would get her in trouble and her pay would be docked. It's one of the six universities in Panem. They're in the larger districts that still have a sustaining population. The Capitol had one, as do 1, 2, 5, 11, and 13. Oline has several students from 12 and 8 and the districts without universities. But most of her students are from 2. The university is at the old training center for the Careers, with several new buildings on the campus. There were the names of all the district's victors on a bronze plate outside of the main office, along with all the tributes from District 2 ever. All one hundred fifty tributes. They didn't write for the last year of the Games. Just 1 through 74, and the four tributes who had come on the second Quarter Quell. Once I was bored before picking up Oline and had went to stare at the list. Clove, Cato, Lyme, Enobaria, and Brutus. Those were the only familiar ones to me. But Oline recognized nearly all of them, being a District 2 native her entire life. Her own father had been the Victor of the 46th Games. They were just names to me, and I'm sure their faces would be just that to me-faces. Enobaria lived somewhere in the district, but the last time I'd seen her in person had been when she'd been buying drugs off of someone in the market in town. That had been a year ago. I get out of bed and change. Nice suit, nice tie, nice shoes. My mother had pitched in to buy me clothes for work one Christmas. When I'm ready for work, I duck back into the bedroom and glance at the clock. I kiss Oline on the forehead. "Oline," I say lightly, "I'm about to leave." She stirs and opens her eyes drowsily. They're dark green, like the forest. That was what had first made me notice her. Those eyes reminded me of when I'd been in 12, in the forest, hunting with Katniss. Rory had been visiting, on his twenty-first birthday, when he'd stayed up here for a few weeks. It had been seven months ago, and we'd went to a bar. Rory could pass for my age. He was all grown up, more grown up than I had ever been. Back when we still lived in District 12, before the rebellion, I'd wanted better than for him to work in the mines and take out tesserae to live. Ironically, I had a better job than the majority of Panem now, and I still sent them money every paycheck, and he still works in the mines. At the time I'd been living in a small apartment that overlooked the market, which was one of the worst parts of our town in 2. "How's Mom?" I had asked Rory. "Hazelle's fine," he answered briskly, and it surprised me that he referred to her as "Hazelle." "Vick and Posy?" "They're good. Vick's sixteen now and Posy's thirteen." "Jesus. I haven't seen them in years." "You should come down," Rory said. I shrugged. "Work, you know," I said. "Speaking of which, is there plenty of work in 12?" He shrugged. "Hazelle sews mostly." There it was again. Hazelle. "A lot of jobs in construction, obviously, and the mines, still. The black market is thriving, if that qualifies as work. Vick does odd jobs in the summer-he's not old enough for the mines. Thom builds houses-he built ours, it's nicer than anything we could ever afford. Posy and I go hunting a lot, we sell our catches at the Hob." "Is she good?" "She's a great shot. Got a good ear for it, too." "That's good. Got a girl down there?" Rory grinned. "Yeah, she's from the Seam, too. What about you ?" he adds, a note of curiosity in his voice. "Me? No. I don't have time. I just work." Which was more than less true. Rory snorted in disbelief. Then he'd glanced around, nodded in the direction of a dark haired girl. "What about her, Gale?" And that had been how I'd met Oline. It hadn't been anything romantic and I hadn't expected anything to come of a little flirting over beer. But it had, and now we were living together, and I was wondering when would be the best time to propose. "Morning already?" she asks with a yawn, sitting up, the sheet puddling around her. She reached over to the nightstand to grab her cigarettes. "So do you work today?" she asks me. "In the office, we're getting a new case on one of Snow's old advisors. Are you at uni today?" She shakes her head and smiles at me. "Nope, my schedule's different this semester. Just Mondays and Thursdays." I press my lips to her forehead. "I'll see you when I get off." With that I headed out of the room and outside. Thank God. I hate it when Oline smokes. The house gets stuffy and it smells like sulfur. It reminds me too much of the mines. I unlocked the car and started the engine. It was a company car, straight from District 6. I drove through the new parts of town, the parts constructed after 13 won the war. Then I headed past the blackened ruins of the older sectors, the slums where the poor lived. I keep driving. I don't look at the soot-stained, barefoot children on the side of the street, picking through rubbish. I don't look at the charred remains of the houses, nor the ash-streaked headstones of the cemetery. I keep my head straight and forward, eyes on the road, so I don't have to see the carnage, partly because I'm responsible for it. I drive out on the winding road. It's new. It had just been paved when I was transferred here. It's part of the Reconstruction of Panem, as they call it in the books now. At the office we just call it cleanup. That way's easier. We don't really have to think about all the stuff getting "reconstructed" then, the stuff that we destroyed in the first place. The office is huge. It's a large building for the large amount of people who work there. There are maybe a hundred thousand people in our area of 2, and a million in the entire district. Almost three thousand work here, but not all of them are District 2 natives. Most of them, like me, had been recruited by 13 during the rebellion. They lived here now. They were workers, doctors, analysts, or operatives, like Ezra and I. I go inside. The secretary waves me over to check my ID. "Hawthorne," she muses aloud. "Sounds familiar." "It's a common name," I say smoothly, not wanting to explain why she recognizes it, that I had been the one to destroy the Nut, that I was the reason 2 was wallowing in hell. She lets me through to the elevator and I head to the second floor conference room, where the presentation would be today. Ezra was already there, a cup of coffee sitting in front of him as he reads papers. Ezra's always here early. He slides the newspaper across the table to me as I sit down. "Do you believe this shit? 'Mayor of District 4 Under Investigation'. Like hell he's the one who started all of this." "What's it say?" "Some media outlet in 1 published a story about the bombings, you know, because it's big news, everyone's covering it. They hinted something about the mayor being at fault, and now Paylor has people investigating him." "What the hell?" "I know, it's ridiculous. And I got some stuff on Mallory. Apparently the jackass gave his oath that he would become a regular citizen of the Free-Districts-of-fucking-Panem, moves from the