Hello everyone! As you already can guess, my penname is Rufus T. Serenity and I have a Percy Jackson story for you all today! Despite the fact that I've been writing fan-fiction for four or so years by this point, this is my first time writing for the Percy Jackson fandom. As a result, I would greatly appreciate it if you would leave me a review telling what you thought I did well and what needs to be approved. Now then, let me explain what this story is. This story is a crossover between the "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" series and the two urban fantasy novels "Dreams and Shadows" and "The Queen of the Dark Things" by C. Robert Cargill. The basic plot is this: After a chance encounter in Austin, Texas while heading to California to save Artemis and Annabeth, Percy Jackson encounters Colby Stevenson, a mortal man with insane magical power who might play as big as role in determining the course of the war between the Olympians and the Titans as him. The two heroes along with their friends and allies will have to work together, overcome their personal flaws, figure out how to work together despite quite different views of the world and the supernatural, and defeat many opponents. They will face off against monsters, titans, witches, and a force greater than any of those! Since I'm going to assume that most of the people reading this are already familiar with the Percy Jackson series but not Cargill's books, I'll briefly explain the later but not the former. Cargill's books take place in a world that is pretty much our own except that the supernatural interacts with humanity in various ways that most people aren't aware of. The supernatural creatures live in isolated pocket of magical wilderness far away from the modern world, though many of the paranormal beings often go to the cities and other non-magical places of the earth. The mythical creatures featured mainly are of medieval European and Native American origin, although there are also pretty prominent examples of ancient Arabic and Australian mythology too. Aside from that, the most important thing to point out is that the creatures and world of Cargill's books are much darker than those of the Percy Jackson series. They are usually more savage, more tragic, and more unsettling. Despite that, for some strange reason, these books and the Percy Jackson books feel very similar to me. Both series have good characters, a riveting story, a complex backstory rooted in ancient mythology, and twenty-first century narration that is wry and witty. In fact, one friend of mine who LOVES the Percy Jackson series and has started reading "Dreams and Shadows" calls it, "Percy Jackson but for adults." That actually leads me to my next point. Despite this chapter being rated T, the next one will be rated M. Why this chapter is rated T is because I don't there is anything too bad in this one (with one or two possible exceptions) and I want some people to see this story because it becomes harder to find under the M category. Now let's relate how this story fits within the timelines of both properties. First, on the Percy Jackson side, the first few chapters will take place in the middle of the third book "The Titan's Curse," somewhere between when they get on Apollo's train in Washington, D.C. and when they end up in New Mexico. After that, the plot will more or less play out through the fourth and fifth books, "The Battle of the Labyrinth" and "The Last Olympian," as well as covering stuff that happens in between the books and between certain events in those books. Now, onto the other side of things, the one related to Cargill's books. At the start of this story, the first half of the first book, "Dreams and Shadows" will have occurred but the second half will not have. Then, by the point we start entering the timeline of "The Battle of the Labyrinth," the second half of the first book and a lot of the stuff that happens between that book and the second book, "The Queen of the Dark Things," will have occurred. I apologize if this is a little hard to follow but I'm sure it will make more sense as you read the story. If you are confused at any point, please just let me know, okay? I'll gladly explain anything that wasn't conveyed effectively. But enough about this! Let's get to the story itself! Here's the first chapter of "The Demigod and the Damned": Redheaded Horrors The night was silent over the great expense of the vast fields in the heart of America. The winter air hung there, with the illusion of thickness thanks to the frigid temperatures. Then, a lone object, streaked across the landscape, shining like a molten comet on the earth. It was a train surrounded by a blinding golden-honey glow. The train traveled faster than any train should go, barreling down the smooth tracks. Its power moved, crackling through the earth that found snow melted as unseasonal life erupted upward. Stalks of wheat and corn and sunflowers grew at the train's touch. It left a razor slash of life and heat and furious green across the grey field behind the train. Scarring the winter with summer, the train propelled by the sun traveled ever westward, closer to the entrance way to the realm where no life or light penetrated. California. From a perspective unseen, beyond the Mist, beyond mortal eyes, the train was driven. Apollo guided the train with invisible hands, burning its engines white-hot and blazing. Across America's frost-tattooed map, his will ruled a line in bright red-yellow crayon. Inside the train, inside a gate of steel-mesh curtains protecting a triple deck of cars were five young heroes, four young demigods and a satyr, tasked to find Artemis, stop a unstoppable beast from giving the Titans the edge they needed against the gods, and save a daughter of Athena. All of them were sleeping now. Zoë and Bianca, two of the hunters of Artemis, were resting in a Lexus on the top deck, no doubt dreaming of rescuing she who made them forever young; Thalia, daughter of Zeus, slept in a black Mercedes SLK. Grover the satyr was resting in the passenger's seat of a Lamborghini. They all were sleeping smoothly. Sadly, there was the fifth and final member of the party, who wasn't even suppose to be there, who could not cleave from his effort's a good night's sleep. Percy Jackson was a demigod, a son of Poseidon, destined to either save or destroy Mt. Olympus, the reign of the gods, and Western Civilization itself. As a result of this, despite only being fourteen years old, he was no stranger to rough nights' sleeps. He could have blamed it on any number of factors, he was worried about one of his closest friends (who he knew for a fact was gravely hurt if not almost dead), he was on a moving train moving at break-neck speed, or that he was sleeping in the driver's seat of a car. But he knew better. He knew it was the dreams, the dreams of demigods, filled with horrifying and confusing visions that always proved to have great and often grave importance later on. But as he slept on the train of Apollo, getting closer to finding both Artemis and Annabeth in California, he found his sleep especially restless, as the dreams seemed to be fighting for space in his head like dancers at an overcrowded nightclub. He had already experienced a dream of himself as an ancient hero, wielding Riptide, the same sword he possessed now in its covert pocket-pen disguise, while being guided by Zoë Nightshade, who looked exactly the same as she did now. But then the dream shifted, becoming something totally alien to the Greek demigod, and it unnerved him even more. It was dark, with only the light of the full moon out of an opened window. Outside there were only vast seemingly endless hills and valleys of desert occasionally broken up by collections of boulders. There was furniture that looked so basic that even the Greeks would have viewed it as ancient. Despite their not being much to go on, it seemed this was a time and place before the ancient Greeks that worshiped the Olympians. The air itself seemed somehow different; it felt older, thicker, flowing with more energy. There was a bed, or rather a simple mat on a dirty floor with a lone worn-out and torn quilt. There was a boy sleeping on it, who looked even dirtier and more worn out then the quilt. It was difficult to make out in the lack of light but there was a form moving in the corner of the room. And it was only noticeable because of many jewels and bands of precious metal on his robes and hands. One ring in particular, made of silver, on his right ring finger, glowed. Due to that light alone, the tanned and wrinkly face of an old and wise seeming man with a long and neatly groomed white beard could be seen. The clothing he wore was elaborate and finely designed, the stuff of highest nobility or even royalty. His gaze was focused intently on the boy, only shifting every once and while to the window. A shape, draped in shadow but vaguely humanoid, entered the window at the darkest of hours. The shape crept to a small pile of rations and wages left in the other corner, before making his way over to the sleeping boy. It then sucked on the boy's right thumb. Right when the lips wrapped around the digit, the old man leapt from his hiding place. The being's eyes, like two glowing yellow wells, widened in sheer surprise. It didn't notice the old man's right hand rise with the palm opened to it before it was too late. The ring, the one on the old man's right ring finger, suddenly started to glow more vividly, bathing the darkened room in an unnaturally orange light like a wearable sun. The shape suddenly screamed in horror as a brand was being seared into its ebony flesh. " Stop!" The old man ordered, with the kind of authority and certainty only seen by gods. "Kneel before me, demon !" Though its face showed confusion and fear and pain, the shadowy being obeyed and got down on knees that seemed to waver in and out of solidness. "Tell me, where might I find the rest of your unholy brothers?" The creature, the demon, shook his head, though it seemed like it was fighting the action. "I cannot tell you, for I do not know. But I know where Asmodeus is, and he is the lord of us all. He knows where to find us and his word is our law. Find him and find us all." " Summon him." The demon did so, and a towering shape cut from shadow at least ten feet tall with insanely broad shoulders appeared. It instantly moved to smite the old man. But then the ring glowed again and this being too had a glowing brand forced into his inky black skin. The more intimidating shape howled in pain, with it somehow overlapping with itself, sounding like it was three different but similar hellish voices shouting in near unison. " Now, bring to me the demons under your command, so that they might build the greatest temple to God that the world has ever seen!" Despite his eyes smoldering like molten lava pits brighter than any earthly magma, with their being a few spots on his vast shoulders that were illuminated just as intensely, Asmodeus obeyed. One by one, demons were summoned and instantly branded too. Soon there was an army of thirty-six beings that had appearances running the