Title : Where Will You Go? By : Espree Rating : Strong PG-13 ('T' on this site). This first chapter's about as violent as it's going to get (which is more than enough don't you think?). Timeline : Post-ROTK, set in the fifth year of the Fourth Age. Legolas has not yet brought elves to Ithillien, and Eldarion has not yet been born. Gimli, in addition, has not yet moved into the Glittering Caves. Disclaimer : I do not own Lord of the Rings or anything created and copyrighted by Tolkien and New Line Cinema, I simply got bored and my muse decided to have a little fun with the characters. I'm making no profit from this, not now or ever. So don't sue, please. Feedback : Yes, please, but no flames. If you don't like the story go read something else, don't waste your time and mine yelling at me because this isn't your cup of tea, so to speak. Constructive criticism is welcome, though. Summary : Banished from Gondor and hunted by those he once called his dearest friends, Legolas must fight for survival if he is to see his name cleared of the terrible crimes for which he has been framed. He finds refuge in Forodwaith, the icy land of the far north, while some friends who have not given up on his innocence struggle to bring the real culprit to justice. But even if they succeed, can they find Legolas? And will they be able to convince him to come home; or has their friendship been ruined forever? Warnings : Death, torture, angst, all that good stuff you've probably come to expect from a fic like this by now. In addition this story is non-slash, and any non-hetero love mentioned is brotherly/sisterly love, savvy? Chapter Warning : Gruesome punishment, yet not as gruesome as some of the stuff they did to people back in the Middle Ages. Oh, and many of you are likely to be quite pissed with Aragorn by the end of this chapter. Chapter 1: 'T'—For Traitor The dawn broke over the city of Minas Tirith bright and full of hope as it had unfailingly throughout the many centuries since the city had first been founded. However for the crowd of people gathered at its gates there was no cheer, no hope. Aragorn, son of Arathorn, known to his people as King Ellesar, sat tall upon his black stallion, Roheryn. His personal guards flanked him, both behind and to either side. Sitting on his own chestnut horse at the King's left was Faramir, son of Denethor, the King's Steward. His expression was grim, and his eyes kept flicking sideways to regard the man whom he knew not only as his king, but held in his regard as one of his dearest friends. Next to him Beregond, and the other members of his White Company added their strength to the king's guards, doubling the protection around their nation's leaders. Arwen, Queen of Gondor, sat upon her gentle mare at her husband's right hand. Her face was drawn, and though she tried to sit as tall and firm as Aragorn and Faramir, she could not hide the anguish and torment that darkened her normally cheerful eyes, complimenting the dark circles beneath them. Secretly she wished they could just get this over with so that she could retreat back to the solace of hers and her husband's private chambers, and continue to grieve in peace. Next to her Eowyn cast a sympathetic gaze on the queen, wishing there was something more she could do to ease the terrible pain she knew was tearing her friend apart from the inside out. "Not much longer now, be strong my Queen," she whispered encouragingly. Arwen blinked back the tears in her eyes and nodded, unable to find the voice to respond. The sudden increase in noise from the crowd gathered along the street caused all four of them, as well as their guards, to turn their attention to the group that was making its way down the street. Ten horsemen in full armor carrying spears, swords and bows formed a rough circle as they went. Within the circle was another, this time of ten fully armored and armed men on foot. These walked with bows drawn and arrows knocked, perpetually trained on the one who walked in their center. Legolas Greenleaf walked with his head bowed as low as the thick iron collar around his neck would allow, an equally thick chain ran from the ring at the front of the collar where it attached to the manacles on his wrists and then ran down to the short chain that connected the shackles around his ankles. He struggled to keep from tripping as the chain restricted his usually long stride. Next to him two more guards each held a chain that connected to the sides of the heavy collar. The crowd was becoming increasingly loud as the elf and his guards came nearer to the city's great gates. They knew well what was taking place, and they were eager to see it done. Legolas tried his hardest to stay firm in his resolve and not show any more emotion than was possible considering his current circumstances. While he was mostly successful to anyone who happened to look at him—and right now there were many—inside the firstborn's mind was whirling down dark paths of despair. How could this have happened? Surely they did not think him capable of such an unspeakable act? As his guards came to a halt before the assembled leaders of Gondor, Legolas finally dared to look up, only to see his answer mirrored in the eyes of four of the people he held most dear. They did. The guards holding the chains to his collar forced him to his knees before the king, and he looked up into Ellessar's eyes briefly, before his head was forced down. If Aragorn had been sitting tall before, his height now seemed to double. His eyes held less compassion than any who knew him had ever seen before, and as his voice rang out it echoed with more power than even the fabled Horn of Helm Hammerhand in Helm's Deep. "Legolas Greenleaf, you stand before us having been found guilty of murder, as well as high treason against the kingdom of Gondor. Have you any last words before you are sentenced?" Legolas' heart clenched within his chest. What could he say? He was innocent! He'd been saying that ever since this whole thing began, yet as more and more evidence piled against him even Aragorn, who had been as a brother to him long before the Quest of the Ring, turned a cold eye on him, denouncing everything their friendship had ever stood for. "I know not what you wish to hear, mellon nin. My heart bleeds for everything you have been put through, and I only hope that one day you'll know the truth, for surely you cannot believe I would ever do such a thing to anyone, let alone someone I count as a brother." Aragorn bristled. "How dare you," he hissed. "At one time you may have been friend and brother to me, but never again! You threw that away the moment you decided to make an attempt on my life and end the life of my unborn child! You, Legolas, are forthwith banished from the kingdom of Gondor and the lands of those she counts as her allies." Legolas paled. Gondor was allied with the majority of the peoples of Middle Earth. That meant that there would be precious few places he could go, and most of them were hostel towards outsiders. Especially those associated with the Reunited Kingdom. Not only would he be cut off from his home, but he'd also be unable to seek shelter with anyone who would have believed his side of the story. He'd also never see any of his friends or father again. "But before you are cast out," here Aragorn almost faltered. He'd told no one about this part of the sentence, save for those whose help he needed to carry it out. He fought the urge to glance at Arwen and the others. They'd expected the banishment, but what he was about to do next had not been carried out as punishment for centuries in Gondor or Rohan. Only the Haradrim and Easterlings were rumored to still employ such penalties for convicted criminals, and they considered by many of his people to be vicious and barbaric. He had no way of being certain how such a sentence might be viewed by his wife or Faramir and Eowyn, let alone the people of Minas Tirith. However, looking at the one responsible for such pain as he and his beloved had gone through the past few weeks, his resolve snapped back into place. "You will be marked for your crimes, so that all who might meet you will know that any who attempts such horrible crimes against the crown will not be let off easily, but that Gondor is not as merciless as others in the face of such treachery." Legolas' eyebrows furrowed questioningly, though with his face pressed against the ground no one could see the unspoken query in them. What did Aragorn mean, 'marked for your crimes'? At some silent command, the guard holding his head down let go, and the elf's upper body was pushed up out of the bow. As the guards kept their weapons trained closely on him, the shackles on his wrists were undone, and the chain on the front of his collar unclipped. The two guards holding the remaining chains manhandled the prince's upper body back until as much of it rested on the ground as was possible considering that his legs were still folded under him. Legolas winced at the discomfort such stretching caused his knees, and his calves and feet started to tingle with the reduced circulation. The guards each kept one hand on his shoulders while they wrapped the chains around their other hand before leaning on said hands. Two more guards knelt next to their comrades, and pinned his hands palm-up to the pavestones. The final product was one very securely restrained elf. Legolas did not like where this was going. Two men who until now had remained off to the side and relatively unnoticed stepped forward. Legolas recognized them as friends Gimli had made during his frequent stays in the city. The elder of the pair, Thren, was a very well respected blacksmith in Minas Tirith. His son, Reus, the other walking towards the guards and their captive, looked to be more than a fine replacement for him when the day came that Thren decided his days at the forge were done. Each carried in their hands a pole, to which was fastened a chain slinging between them a cauldron, with two black rods sticking up from where it leaned against the side. Smoke rose from the inside of the cauldron, and the arms and faces of those who carried it glowed and sweated against the heat. Legolas' heart fell straight to his stomach, which was quite clearly telling him that under no circumstances would anything be allowed to stay there. Eowyn gasped despite herself. Beside her Arwen was fighting to keep her hand from flying to cover her mouth. Instead she grabbed Eowyn's hand in a death grip. Faramir's eyes widened in horror. He had heard of such a punishment having been used by various people throughout the millennia, and knew that in the east and far south such sentences were still carried out. But never did he think to see such a horrible thing done in Gondor. This was mercy? Aragorn in his anger and grief must have gone mad! He turned to see his horror reflected in the faces of his wife and the Queen as well and looked at Aragorn. "Do you realize what