New story because I love to make people miserable. Disclaimer: I do not own Lotr or Middle-earth or anything like that... and this might not be totally like lore stuff, but yeah... you'll know what I mean. Legolas wandered the halls of his fathers kingdom placid, contempt with his life at the time. The forest was flourishing and the trade with Lake-town and the Lonely Mountain was going well. He reached the throne are where his father lounged on his throne, sipping on his wine. He greeted his father with a smile and questioned, "have you drank all the wine on this summer day? Or have you salvaged some for you son?" Thranduil chuckled and with a weave of his hand one of the servants appeared with a full glass of wine. Legolas took it graciously as Thranduil smiled, "The kingdom is thriving more than ever. The forest is greener and new life is appearing." Legolas took a sip of the fruity wine and watched with his father. Suddenly a maiden appeared with a look of delight as she curtsied and announced, "Lady Alanna is giving birth!" Thranduil stood from his throne and graciously followed the maiden to a room where there was screaming sounding inside. Legolas as well followed but was quickly stopped by his father who said, "You have never experienced a birthing and I don't think you're quite ready until you find a women." Sighing Legolas followed his father's command and stayed outside as King Thranduil entered, comforting the women who as recently lost her husband to an orc raid. Legolas was leading the group, by the time they heard the orcs it was too late, they came for all directions. They fought valiantly but many had injuries and there was three deaths, her husband was one of them. Legolas kept that in his mind, regretting that this child will have no father. His thoughts were broken by a gasping sound from inside. "Alanna stop pushing! There's blood!" Legolas shot his head to the door; he wanted to go in and help but Thranduil appeared and he knew that it was to bad for even his father to be in the room. Thranduil's eyes were full of worry and disaster. Legolas tried to ask his father what has happened, but Thranduil wouldn't say. Finally, after what seemed like hours a maiden appeared again, and Legolas could tell by the look that it was bad news. "She'll be able to give birth, but she won't make it, the child will make her bleed to death." Thranduil sighed and brought his head down, but after some time he followed her inside where Alanna was paler, and seemed wearied. Thranduil came to her side and held her hand, softly then he comforted her. "Just squeeze my hand to deal with the pain; we'll get you through this." Alanna closed her pale blue eyes, a single tear journeyed down her rosy cheek before nodding. When the maidens said to push she did, squeezing King Thranduil's hand, his hand turning white. Before long they heard a cry and and maidens quickly cleaned the child as Alanna bleed heavily. Handing her the baby they announced, "Congratulations, it's a girl." Alanna cried as she clutched her child, looking into her oddly black eyes she smiled, "Elen, her name shall be Elen." She looked up to Thranduil her now sat by her and draped his long arm around her. "Tis' a lovely name, she will be loved and cared for by a mother and father worthy of her." "T-thank you my lord, it was an honor serving you." Thranduil bit through the pain, his eyes begin to form tears he gripped her hand again. He spoke softly, "'Twas an honor knowing you lady Alanna." She smiled and looked down upon her child, whispering to her she said, "You will be such a lovely child. I will see you and care for you. You will be loved desperately from everyone..." She trailed off, her face twisting in pain. "Squeeze my hand." Thranduil choked on his words and she squeezed, harder and harder she squeezed before letting one last breath, "I love you... dear Elen." Her hand then went limp and her head tilted to the side. The child didn't cry though, instead she looked at her mother oddly, her head tilted and eyes curious. Thranduil took the child and held her; she looked at him with curiosity, her big black eyes shining and her black fluff on the top of her head making weird movements. Thranduil smiled at the elfling and he brought her out of the bedchamber. Legolas stood straighter when the he heard the door open, his eyes went dark when he saw his father holding the small baby, right away he knew what happened. "Who's going to take the child in?" Legolas asked his father. Thranduil didn't look up, he kept his eyes on Elen and mumbled, "I don't know." Legolas came forward to see the child, his eyes widened at the sight; pale face, no rosy cheeks, black eyes and hair, Legolas thought the child looked like the walking dead. "I need you to get Lady Alanna prepared for burial," Thranduil now looked up at Legolas, and Legolas was amazed to see the puffy red eyes of his father. "She deserves a warrior's burial." Legolas nodded before going to get the Master of Dead. Thranduil shuffled down the hallway, keeping his eyes on the soft child, when he noticed a healer approaching he asked, "Do you know of any women able to breastfeed the child? Lady Alanna died giving birth to her." The healer's face dropped and at the news and shook her head. "I am sorry my lord, this child was born much later than the other elflings, the mothers have run out of breast milk, or it went dry." Thranduil dropped his shoulders to a slouch and his heart followed downwards. "However, we have been working on trying to get cow milk suitable for elflings, we think we almost have it." The healer added, her voice higher in hope. Thranduil exhaled and straightened out his kingly position before giving the orders. "Make absolutely sure that this child will get the same nutrients as the others, and that they'll have no drawbacks before giving it to Elen." The women bowed and hurried off to the healing center. Thranduil continued to care for the child as word got around of the death and birth; then as customary they bowed to the child to show respect of the dead and the living relative. When night came the healers took Elen for the night to be sure she was healthy; Thranduil retired to his own bed and changed into his night wear, climbing into bed he let sleep take him on that lament day. When Thranduil woke the next morning everyone in the kingdom had heard the news and began the mourning tradition, as did Thranduil. His personal servants came with his black robe and jerkin. Fitting it on him he examined himself in the mirror; it was traditional for the day after death to be mourning of the people who died, wearing all black as it was a gloomy day, non did work, only prayed to Mandos and Nienna for a good life in the Halls of Mandos. Thranduil took Elen and stayed with her the whole day, giving her comfort while people prayed and paid their respects to her mother. Thranduil saw Legolas, his black silk trousers and shirt with his neatly combed hair. Legolas nodded to his father but with no smile on his lips, or glee in his eyes; as he stood the healer that Thranduil spoke with yesterday came with a closed bottle of white liquid. "My lord," She bowed her head. "We worked all night, but we have the milk for her." Thranduil gave a small grin in relief and brought Elen over to her, she opened the bottle and began to give it to Elen. She drank it happily and when the healer pulled the bottle away Elen giggled. It was odd to both of them; elflings follow their parents actions often and easily, when they are happy and in a good mood so are the elflings, but on a day like a mourning day, when the parents and other adults are sad and mourning, so are the children, even if they don't know what's going on. "Strange that she would laugh?" Thranduil thought aloud, his brow furrowing. "Perhaps it's a sign, a sign that she'll bring joy and peace to us." The healer compromised, looking to her king in hope. He trusted her and smiled at the young women before hearing Elen give small hiccups. Lifting her to his shoulder he began patting her back, humming the same lullaby he used to sing for Legolas. As he did this though, Legolas was staring at his father with utter shock; when Thranduil noticed he seemed to know what the reason was. "What? You thought your mother was the only one who cared for you when you were a baby?" "Well... yeah, I mean, I thought you were busy being king and all that." Legolas countered, shifting his feet. Thranduil chuckled and shook his head, "I always had time for you, I remember my counsel men would get furious when I would suddenly leave because you wanted me to come outside into the forest with you." Legolas blushed at the sudden memories, him pulling on his father's robe and begging him to come outside. There was a burp and Legolas laughed as Elen made another little burp before yawning and laying her head down on Thranduil's shoulder. Thranduil smiled at the precious elfling. He then went back to his throne and held her, fixing her black blanket he sang a softly to her as she fell asleep on his lap. Meanwhile; Legolas has gone to pay his respects to lady Alanna; reaching the prayer chapel there was some people, sitting on their knees with their hands together and their head bowed as they prayed. Slowly he walked to the center of the chamber of the round room, on the stone table was Alanna, her dress pure white and looking at peace. The sun shun right on the the table, lighting her up as if she was a Vala. Legolas approached the table and bowed low, staying there as he said the prayer of being at rest. Then rising, he closed his eyes, to heart broken to look at her. "I could have saved him," He blamed. "You could have been saved and Elen would have her mother and father." He let his head hang shamefully as a voice sounded from his right, "You're blaming yourself again." Legolas turned and saw Tauriel. Her black low cut feathered dress draping as she glided to the table and laid a hand on him, but he only recoiled. "It is my fault though. If I was only more observant-" "We have been at peace for so long; no one was expecting an orc raid!" Legolas kept avoiding eye contact with her, but he replied in anger. "You don't understand! You weren't there, you're too young with little experience as a guard!" Tauriel was very offended by this, she was older than some and was one of the best guards of Greenwood the Great despite never being in serious action. "I'll have you know that your father is thinking about having me be the new captain of Greenwood the Great! Now I'm trying to help you because you're my friend, do not place the blame on yourself. Look now at Elen, make it your duty now to protect her and keep her happy, do that to make it up to him." Legolas nodded, giving a small smile to her, as if to apologize. Tauriel returned the smile to accept the apology and paid her respect to Alanna, doing the same thing Legolas did.