New Anea Story is out! O-U-T OUT! Since a lot of you loved it I made more and this one will be more funny I tell you that! I will tell you that it takes place right after the last story, like the next day so enjoy :) This story has been edited to cover my s1ns. Day Full of Surprises Anea I wake up but I don't not open my eyes. I feel warmth all around me, familiar warmth that makes me smile every time. I snuggle closer to the source, knowing it is Legolas. I feel the sun's light on my face but it's not as warm as Legolas' chest against my head. I finally open my eyes and look up to be greeted by Legolas' gazed eyes, staring off into nothing. I, out of instinct, smile at his familiar face and lay my head down again. "Sleep well?" I heard his smooth relaxing voice sound from above. I look up again and answer, "very well." "Good, I'm glad to hear it." He then kissed me on the head and got up from my bed and stretched in his wrinkled suite. Then he walked over the the door and opened it turning back to me before he left, "get dressed breakfast will be soon, oh and dress like an elleth." What?! Why, are we having a fancy breakfast or something? Oh no! They're going to teach me table manners! I turn back to see that he is gone and huff under my breath. I get up from my too comfortable bed that feels like I'm laying on a cloud and walk to over to my own bathroom and get cleaned up. After my hair is brushed and I took a shower in my own shower I opened my own closet, but heard a knock on my own door frame. I turn and see Tanna in the door with a all too big smile on her face. "Ready to look like an elleth of Eryn Lasgalen?" She went into the closet and picked out a green long dress, and handed it to me. I looked familiar when finally I got it, "this looks like the green dress we bought from the store, but it looks a bit different. "It's the same color and design but longer on the legs and long sleeved." She cleared up. "Why?" "Oh just put it on!" And shooed me into the bathroom. I walk out with the dress long, going all the way to my feet, and the long sleeves going down to my wrist and it coming up to just below my neck. "Why am I wearing this?" I ask slouching. "I have to wear that kind too!" She shot back gesturing to her white dress that looked similar to mine except it had a cream colored base that looked to be made of some kind of cloth with red hims but it still looked stunning on her. She walked over to me and re-postured me, "Chin up, shoulders back, arms by side, relax your shoulders you're not in the army!" When she was done she led the way out of my room. I followed but brought my questions with me, "where are we going?" "To breakfast, you need to learn table manners." I knew it! I left it sadly at that and made our way to the kitchen where the men were already waiting for us. "Good," Thranduil spoke rising, "you too look stunning. Come Rildir made..." What the hell am I going to be eating? I sat down in my normal spot next to Legolas, but Tanna was now next to me on my left. The food was presented and we began to ate. I held my fork properly and began to eat when I heard Tanna again, "An elleth doesn't go towards her food, the food is brought towards her. Keep your back straight and don't take such big bites." Oh you've got to be kidding me! "Whyyy and I learning this!" I protest, nearly snapping my fork in half. "For reasons! now eat!" Tanna snapped back. "Go easy on the fork it did nothing wrong." Landion joked. I began to eat the weird food when Thranduil asked, "how did you sleep last night?" I swallowed my food so Tanna didn't throw another fit and replied, "good, very good." "No bad dreams?" Suiadan asked from my far left. I turned to him and shook my head, "none." "Because you had your lovey Leggy protect you." Landion said in a childish voice. There was movement from under the table by Legolas and Landion suddenly made a noise and stared at his little brother. He made another move and Thranduil spoke with clenched teeth, "boys! Don't. You. Start!" I couldn't help but laugh and everyone looked at me like I was crazy. "What's so funny?" Legolas asked. "Nothing, just reminds me of a week ago." They all smiled now at the memories of what happened at this very table one week ago. Landion also seemed to remember because he almost started singing out the words, "Mr. Properforkman!" They were about to have a battle when Tanna interrupted, "well we have a busy day ahead of us so why don't you four get ready and we'll do our hair and makeup." "You mean you'll do my hair and makeup?" I asked looking at her. "Yes that's what I meant!" She baffled, then grabbed my hand dragged me up the stairs to her room. In her room it was very lovely, an actually nice color pink all around the room with blue and other girly colors. She sits me down in one of those like princess tables with three mirrors and gets to work on my hair, straightening it and putting it in some style. After she was done with that she did my makeup, which I wasn't overfond of... "Don't blink!" She commands again, taking the tip of a napkin and cleaning my face of the smeared mascara. "Why is there a weeping angel in front of me?!" I pretend to gasp, laughing when Tanna gave me a very annoyed look. "Just keep your eye open." she gruff and starts again, this time I'm actually trying to keep my eye open. After what felt like two hours sitting in that fluffy chair she pronounces me done and we head back down. I entered the living room with the boys waiting for us, they all had a silk shirt, but all were different colors and silk pants. Thranduil however was wearing some kind of long undershirt that looked very royalty. It was a silver that seemed to shimmer, and also wore a red sort of cape jacket thing. When they heard us approach they turned to me and went wide eyed for a moment. Thranduil finally spoke up, "You look stunning." I blushed a little bit and walked up to them. "So now will you tell me where we're going?" I huff out, waiting for some magic elven thingy just to appear. "Um... no." Suiadan "thought" for a moment before turning to me smiling. "We will blindfold you until we arrive." Thranduil spoke motioning for Legolas to come with a piece of cloth, I tired to fight but Landion quickly had a hold of my arms as Legolas tied the cloth around me eyes making me see black. When that was done I realized something, "so how exactly am I supposed to get to this place when I can't even see!" "Simple," Legolas' voice was heard from behind me and in a flash I was swept off my feet being cradled like a baby in Legolas' arms, "I'll carry you. Don't worry I won't drop you." He added whispering into my ear. Then we started walking, or he started walking and I soon felt the summer heat on my body. It was there for a little bit before shadows covered it and I could smell trees, and nature all around me. We must be in the forest, but why? Through the minutes we were in there I could feel myself twisting and turning, completely losing my sense of direction. Finally Legolas put me down and took off the blindfold only for me to see a bunch of stones ruins. "So you brought me here to see a bunch of old rocks?" I lifted an eyebrow at Thranduil who chuckled and shook his head. "Hold on." He whispered, then he took a couple of steps ahead of us and spoke elvish, "Edro." Then like magic the stones began to lift and come to an arch. Once they were put together the center changed so I could see trees that were giant and green with a stone pathway that led to a cave. Middle-Earth... "We're taking you to Middle-Earth, your true home. We'll ride to Rivendell for the reunion with the Fellowship, and to remember the day Fellowship set out and destroyed the ring." I mouth dropped and my eyes widen seeing this. I'll finally be home, in Eryn Lasgalen, but I'm a thief. Would the Valar accept me here? Of course not Anea! I took steps back shaking my head, "No, no I can't go the Valar won't accept me!" I saw everyone's faces sadden and grow darker, but Thranduil came over and gently took my hand, kneeling down and put his other hand on my cheek. "Why would they not accept you?" His voice was silky smooth, blue eyes gentle and caring. "I'm a thief remember! They don't want a sneaky thief in their lands!" "That's why they brought you to me, so I could help you and, so you wouldn't have to thieve. And if the Valar still doesn't approve I don't care. I'm bringing you to your home." Then he stood still holding my hand he led me through the portal, instantly the color's changed and everything was bright and huge, the trees were gigantic with branches that could be used as walkways, the leaves still green but it looked like they were beginning to lose their color. "Fall is almost here." Thranduil announced, admiring the trees. We continued on the pathway until we reached the cave, which turned out to be the castle. The doorway was huge and guards were positioned outside with bows in their left and and their right down by their side. When Thranduil and I approached they bowed and chanted, "My King." Thranduil gave a slight bow back and it triggered my light bulb again, "Wait you're the king!" He nodded with a "no duh" face and I continued, "and you adopted me, so that makes me..." "The princess yes." He finished, I'm a princess! From a thief to a princess who knew! "I better not have duties or I swear!" I looked at him cautiously but he only laughed, "don't worry a princess would never have duties, those are given to those three." As he motioned with his head to his sons behind them and they choired together, "we heard that!" I laughed and we approached the throne that was made of wood with branches twisting all around it. A maiden appeared with a crown of some sort, with the same kind of leaves as the trees outside, still starting to change color. She placed it neatly on his head and she turned to me smiling. "This must be the new princess, I'm Hathla, head of the maids." I smiled and nodded as I gripped my hand around Thranduil's arm and yanked him down so he was earshot, "You told everyone about me!" I hissed. "It wasn't me, it was Tanna." He grinned as I tuned to Tanna giving her the death glare. "You're welcome!" She shouted, I calmed down only to have another question occur in my mind and I yank Thranduil down again, "Please tell me that everyone knows about Earth?" "Yes, everyone in Middle-Earth has been to Earth at least once. You have