"I'm home!" I entered the house with my usual greeting, expecting the same thing I got every time I got home from work: silence. I breathed a sigh of relief and dropped my bag next to the couch. I made my way to the kitchen, pressing play on the answering machine as I walked past the phone. As I tore a banana from the bunch, the monotone voice told me I had four new messages. The first three were for Charlie, fishing trips and neighborly complaints. Then the fourth one started. And I dropped my banana. "Hey, Bells...er, Bella. Um, Billy said you called. About a couple thousand times. And I'm the asshole for not returning said calls, I guess..." He coughed. "Quil says hi. That was stupid, um, shit." There was a loud thumping sound, which I assumed was him hitting something. "I miss you. A lot. Will the bloodsucker give the leash some slack or what? I mean, we didn't part in the best of ways but still. The garage is empty with just me. Come visit sometime? Um, yeah, call me back. Or don't. Bye... Bella." I stared at my banana on the floor, chewing my lip. Of course I knew what to do. I just couldn't decide , not yet. Because then Alice would tell Edward, for my "safety." I looked up from the banana to the phone by the door. I scooped the banana off the floor, tossed it in the trash, picked up my bag, and ran out the door. My window was closing. I had about fifteen minutes. On my way to the reservation, I kept the peddle to the floorboard, my hands clenched tight around the wheel. What was she seeing? Did my future disappear? Is Edward on his way to thwart me? Though anxious, I couldn't suppress my excitement. I didn't know what Jake and I would say to each other, ugly things probably, but also I might see Jake. My Jacob. My own personal sun. The border was just in sight, but it felt like my truck was just inching closer. "C'mon, baby..." I pat the dashboard a few times. I could almost hear her wheezing, see the smoke puff out of the engine as she gave her final breath... And then I saw him. It could've been any one of the Cullens, except for the face. Though usually beautiful, today it was seething rage. Good, I thought. Now you know how I feel. Just as he was about to grab onto the side of my truck, my tires rolled over the border. He lept away, literally toeing the line. But I kept her going until I knew I was well onto the Quiluete reservation. I slowed to a stop and turned the ignition off. As I climbed out, I just about fell to the ground crying, partly because I missed the rez so much, mostly because the tension had left so suddenly and the relief was smothering me. I turned on my heel to face him. I contemplated being an asshole, but I don't think I could be. Not to him. So I just stared at him. No way was I going to be the first one to speak. "Bella..." He sighed. "Come back over." His tone sounded like he was disappointed in a child who had just broken a toy. "Oh... oh!" I stomped my foot and jabbed my finger in what was probably the direction of Jake's house. "He is my best friend! Leave Emmett or Alice for months and come talk to me like a child!" I knew I was throwing a tantrum. I absolutely knew it. I also knew that the wolves were probably watching me and I knew I was about to cry. "Emmett and Alice don't pose any threat to me. The wolves are dangerous, Bella. I'm only trying to protect you. Because I love you." He looked down at his feet. I could tell he was just dying to drag me back over the border. "Please come back." "No." I sniffed. I wondered if the wolves would stop him if he tried to cross the border. I froze when I realized what that would mean. "Bella, I swear to you, I will come over there and get you if you do not get over here. " His voice was dark, his face was... angry. I unwillingly took a step back, away from him. Was I... scared? Of Edward? I knew I was supposed to be, in any situation, because of what he was. But I never had been. Until... now. When he saw me take a step back, when he saw the fear in my eyes, he calmed his expression. It turned to one of regret, agony almost. I steeled myself for whatever he was about to say. I pictured Jacob's smile, not Sam's grim expression, in my head. I held onto that. That was the only thing keeping me from running to Edward, to cry and tell him I was sorry. To leave La Push forever. I blanched at my own thoughts. But I will, someday, I thought. Vampires aren'tallowed over the border, and if I stuck to my decision, stayed true to the path I was carving for myself... I just about glared at Edward, challenging him to change my mind. "Bella." His voice was barely a whisper. He lifted his foot to take a step forward, it was slow, and deliberate. That's when I heard claws on pavement, a growl that ripped through the air. A massive wolf bounded onto the road, planting itself between Edward and I. I recognized him. It was Embry. His tail flicked agitatedly, his back arched. I felt like I should've done something, but I was almost glad. And I was so terrified that I was glad. Embry, if he had stepped over the invisible line, would have torn him to shreds. I had no doubt that he would have. But I still couldn't move my feet, to stand between the two. Would it have even helped? Or would Edward overreact and throw himself at the wolf to save me, even though I knew I wouldn't be in danger? "I'll leave," Edward said, to me or to Embry, I couldn't be sure. He looked at me, and I tuned out the sound of my own heart shattering. "See you," I said. But I realized, after Edward disappeared, that my voice was no more than a whisper. Embry turned then, relaxed, and pointed his nose at me and made a circle with his paw. I wasn't sure, but I think he wanted me to turn around. So I did. There was a very faint shimmery sound, like windchimes miles away, and the rustling of fabric and a zipper being pulled. I turned to see Embry, on two legs and practically hairless, grinning at me. He spread his hands and wiggled his eyebrows. He was pretty animated, but all the wolves were, I thought. "Bella's back?" I bit back a smile and nodded, then jerked my thumb over my shoulder. "Want a ride?" "Yes, yes I do." We climbed into the truck, neglecting our seatbelts. I decided to prod him and see if there was anything new that I'd missed in the few months I'd abandoned them. I was sure there was. "So...what's new?" Smooth enough. "What's not ?" He threw his hands up and looked up at the ceiling of the cab. "Jake is literally always in a mood. Shit. Less room since the Cullens got back, yunno? Can't leave the rez. Tensions are pretty... tense in the pack right now. Not just because Jacob, but because that ginger leech. We have to hunt her but the Cullens are making it a little harder, their scent and keeping an eye on the border and stuff." He shrugged. I didn't say anything. Literally all of those things are my fault and I suddenly felt extremely nauseous. "Hey, you okay? You look kinda green..." I clutched the steering wheel so tight I felt like the skin stretched across my knuckles would tear. I was the root of all their troubles. Maybe I shouldn't have come... My breaths became shallow and my chest tightened. I stared at the double yellow as I spoke. "Embry... does he hate me?" Embry clapped his hands against his thighs and guffawed. I glanced over at him. "Whoa. No way. Like, the exact opposite. He's in lo-" He cut himself off and cleared his throat. "He misses you, more than anything." Shit. I stared at him, searching for words. Nothing came to mind except he's in love with you . I knew that. Of course I knew that. But no one but Jake has said it. I chewed my lip and focused on the slight curves in the road. Tiny droplets of mist sprinkled my windshield as I debated on booking it back to the border. "I miss him, too," I said quietly as I pushed the peddle a little harder. The silence in the cab was comforting and stifling at the same time. Embry was completely at ease with me, humming a tune he made up as he went along. I, on the other hand, was a nervous wreck. My sweaty hands slipped on the wheel, my shallow breathing the only sound besides my screaming engine. When I pulled onto their driveway, I thought I would start hyperventilating. Or crying. Or die. "Here we go," Embry said, grinning, as he climbed out of the car. He slammed his door behind him and stared at me expectantly. "Here we go," I repeated in a whisper. I shut the engine off. This was the definition of deafening silence. Deep breaths. One, two, three. I hesitantly climbed out of my truck, gently closing the door. The screen door banged open. "Bella!" Billy wheeled out onto the porch, a grin stretching his wide lips. His arms were open wide, welcoming me into his tiny home. "Hey, Billy," I said. His greeting, warm and happy, surprised me. I honestly thought he would hate me, for breaking his son's heart, for coming back even though it wasn't my intent to stay. Maybe he expected me to fix him, to be his best friend again. Maybe more. I shook in my boots as I followed Embry and Billy into the little house. Nothing had changed. The smell was still the same, smoke and citrus and food. Old quilts and afghans were draped over the two loveseats and the rocking chair. The kitchen table was covered with old fishing magazines and window envelopes, the basket in the middle meant for fruit was filled with keys, batteries, and spare change. Home sweet home. The thought was bittersweet. Billy wheeled around to face me. "So, how's Bella?" I stared at him a second longer than I should have. I was here to see Jacob. He knew that. Why the small talk? "I'm fine," I said. I tried my best at a polite smile. Not great, I thought. But fine. The hole in my chest, remember that? The one your son helped sew up, yeah, it's all gone. But now there's a new one named Jacob and he probably has one named Bella. i screwed everything up but life is better than a year ago. For me it is, at least. Just fine. "Where's Jake?" Embry asked casually as he made his way to the fridge. I couldn't tell if he was genuinely curious or asking for my benefit. Billy glanced over his shoulder at Embry. He laughed quietly and shook his head. "My house is a youth hostile now, can you believe it? How do boys go through so many Cocoa Puffs?" He looked at me and his smile crinkled his eyes. He was waiting for me to smile, or laugh, but the worry eating at me kept any emotion from showing through. He nodded and turned his chair around. "The garage."