Stephanie Meyer owns Twilight, and Judith McNaught inspired me to write this long ago. Authors note: So I decide to rewrite my first ever fanfic because, honestly has many mistakes. Keep in mind that I was only 14 years old! Hope you guys appreciate the little tweaks I did! 5. Isle Esme "Houston?" Bella asked. "Just a stop along the way," I grinned. She seemed worried about where our honeymoon would take place. She had made it clear that she wanted me to enjoy our honeymoon as much as she did, which meant that I could be out and about during the daylight. Part of me had been terrified of her request yet another was thrilled. As much as I wanted to convince her to rethink her choices, I knew that my carnal need for her had been burning slowly these past couple months and I too was yearning to feel her the way a husband does with his wife. Bella seemed to sleep peacefully from Seattle to Houston. I had always amazed by how angelic she looked when she slept. Our flight seem to drag on a little to slow for my taste but when it was time to get ready for landing I was unsure if I should wake Bella or simply carry her. Knowing Bella I would embarrass her by simply carrying her sleeping form out of a plane with may wondering eyes. But I did have another motivation to wake her up, I wanted her to be surprised. "Rio de Janeiro?" She asked dumbfound. "Another stop along the way," I reassured her, dazzling her with her favorite smile. When we finally boarded onto our next plane, Bella seemed to drift back to sleep. This flight unlike the other would be twice as long. I found myself bouncing my knee, it was a nervous habit I had seen Bella do often. I was nervous and unsure. My thoughts a jumble of words, phrases, and images, all though not all mine. Sure the step we were about to take was not only a risk but it was new experience and I was still not sure how I would react. My biggest fear was not that my beloved's blood would tempt me, but that I might get lost in the sea of emotions and feelings that I would forget that she was still breakable and soft and very much alive. My mind drifted to the very serious talk I had with my father, he had reassured me that I was compete and that I could do this, and yet here I was doubting myself and his trust. But I could just shrugged this off, this was Bella, the love of my existence, that we were talking about. I also cringed, thinking about Emmett's vulgar advice but smiled back when he opened up his mind to let me feel how he felt giving himself completely to the women he loved. I believe Jasper must have had something to do, because both did the same and it did help. It made me cherish the thought that maybe if everything went well, I too could experience such beautiful and raw feelings. I found myself startled when the captain announced that we were ready to land. Had time truly passed that fast? I gently kissed Bella's eyelids and she moaned softly and stretched, she slowly opened her eyes and focus on me. She gifted me with a brilliant smile and seemed to become aware of what was going on. Unloading everything had taken time and once we had everything we needed I located a taxi and softly gave him directions as he scurried to help with our bags. The taxi driver seemed shocked at my clean Portuguese accent and quickly hurried to his seat and drove us to our destination. As we slowed down near the dock, Bella looked up at me in wonder and I smiled and opened the taxi door and held it open for her as the taxi driver unloaded our bags. I thanked him and gave paid him, leaving a generous tip. As I turned back to my Bella, I noticed that she had a confused look on her face and I softly intertwined my fingers with her and silently guided her to our next vehicle of transportation. Bella only raised one eyebrow as I started to load our bags unto a sleek and very new looking yacht and leaped onto the boat. I gestured for her to grab my shoulder and as she did I grabbed her waist and lifted her unto the boat. She sat the closest plush seat to the wheel of the yacht as I prepared our ride. As I glanced back to her, I gasped too low for her to hear me, I was once again astonished by her beauty. Her skin glowed softly with the moonlight making her skin look softer, I ache to run the back of my finger against her cheek. I quickly snapped out of the trance she casted on me, to noticed that her eyes were scanning all around. I knew Bella was a curious person and hated surprises, she was nervous and I could only guess she was probably trying to figure out where exactly where we headed. I finished ogling her and urned the yacht on and was once again reminded my love for speed. For a fraction of a second I closed my eyes and I knew that my life was perfect. 1. Bella was my wife and I her husband. 2. Tonight was going to be either the best night of my existence or the worst. And 3. Bella and I would try to finally love each other. Physically I had often envisioned Bella as my wife, but never had I truly allowed myself to fantastic about her, my morels being the first thing and the second was to maintain my control. Yet here I was on our way to the place where we would consummate our marriage and I was conflicted with myself. Bella's voice broke me from my thoughts. "Are we going much farther?" Which roughly translated to, are we getting off this boat or? I tried to laugh but my nervous stopped my chuckle in my throat. "About another half hour, till we get there." I glanced toward her and grinned, she was holding on the seat too tightly. This time I looked ahead and chuckled too low for her human ears to hear. I remembered she didn't like the speed. My thoughts jumped to our future, of her future as a vampire and I hoped that would change, that she would love the speed once she become one of us. A dim glow in the distance cheered me up. "Bella look there," I said and pointing, not knowing if she could see what I saw. As we went faster I saw the palm trees, the rocks and the sand, but what I captured my attention was the moon. And finally I saw what had glowed was the large house, it was illuminated by the moon. "Where are we?" She said her tone surprised. "This is Isle Esme," I said smiling toward her. I drove the boat to the dock smoothly and cutting the engine off. "Isle Esme?" She repeated. "A gift from Carlisle and Esme, they offered to let us borrow it" The breeze flew across my face and I was once again reminded why I had taken up Esme's offer to use it for our honeymoon. I took our things to the dock and came back to my wife, my Bella. She held her dainty hand out for me to help her; instead I cradled her in my arms, close to me. "Aren't you supposed to wait for the threshold?" She whispered. I grinned. "I'm nothing if not thorough." I said as I walked toward the house. I heard Bella's heart beginning to move fast, I looked at her and wondered what scared her. Was she doubting herself? I was beginning to lose my mind. I placed our bags down, opened the door, and waited for her to face me. I decided that if she wanted to back out of our deal, it was okay. Even though I was burning to have her in my arms in that fashion, I would respect her wishes. Then she looked at me, her eyes were deep with desire and just the barest hint of nervous. I walked through the house showing her through the house, turning the lights after lights. If I were human my heart would be beating against my chest jut like Bella's because both she and I knew the last room was the bedroom. I slowed down as we reached tit and turned on the last light. It was big and roomy, the room had a bed placed at the center with mosquito netting. As if we had needed the vision before us, the tension in the room was too thick and I needed a moment to gain control and clear my head. "I'll… go get our things." I said quickly and walked at a human's pace, thinking about what was or wasn't about to happen. I grabbed the bags and checked the temperature. I was a little warm, but that was a precaution. As I returned to the bedroom, I saw Bella near the bed. I slowly walked to her and touched the back of her neck with one of my cool fingers. "It's a little hot in here." I said. "I thought… that would be best." "Through," She murmured, looking around. I chuckled and I sounded a little nervous. "I tried to think of everything that would make this… easier." I said. Bella swallowed loudly from in front of me. Was she rethinking or just nervous I asked myself again. I told myself I wouldn't back out, but if she told me "no" or stopped me, I would be okay. "I was wondering if" I started to say, "If … if maybe you would like to take a midnight swim with me?" One-step at a time I told myself, as I took a deep breath. "The water will be warm. This is the kind of beach you approve of." "Sounds nice" Her voice broke saying this. "I'm sure you would like a human minute or two… it was a long journey" She nodded; I touched my lips to her throat; below her ear. "Don't take too long Mrs. Cullen," I repeated my lips at her neck. I strode past her to the doors that led from where we were. I took my shirt off and dropped it down to the floor, and kept walking in to the beach. I knew Bella was nervous, this was perfectly normal for her to feel this way about the first time she would be with someone. I found a palm tree and decided to leave the rest of my clothes on the tree. And as I walked into the water and I wondered how Bella would look, would her cheeks flush as I lay my gaze upon her? I Then wondered what she would think of me, not being able to read her mind always hurt even more each time. I swam near the ocean floor, checking to see if she made it to the beach. I was in waist deep water, when I heard her heart. I was facing my back to the house, so she wouldn't feel intimidated, because I wouldn't want to embarrass her. I placed my hands on top of the water by the time she was near me. "Beautiful" I heard her say of the moon. "It's alright," I said as I turned toward her. Her skin was glowing again under the moonlight. I could see her arms covering her breasts and wanted to reassure her, that there was no need, because she was perfect. My body instinctually knew she was near to me. I held my