Revolving As the World Turns (Around You) There's someone I've been missing, And I think that they could be The better half of me. ~Come Home – One Republic You know I never believed in true love before I knew of the existence of magic, to me it was illogical. Life was a series of choices and there could be any number of people who were perfect for each other but never meet and then of course there were the hundreds of people that did meet that were absolutely wrong for each other but somehow still hit it off. No, to me there was no true love just the love that we choose for ourselves. But the magical world changed all that, screwed with my perfectly acceptable belief and turned it on its head, proved it wrong... proved me wrong. That was the thing about the magical world, everybody had there other half... literally. Now you're probably expecting some horrible cliché about soul mates and 'the one' and you're right, it is a horrible cliché and unfortunately for me it's also horribly true. In the magical world it was common knowledge that there was one person designed specifically for you. They were in essence, the missing part of you. How did they know? Each and every magical being had a mark, something uniquely indicative of the other person, something shared just between the two of you. Normal things really, some people had the exact same shade of hair color, some had the same birth mark, the same tattoo, sometimes the same name even. It can of course be less tangible though, like an absolute obsession with the same obscure Quiditch team or in the case of someone I know a common love of lemon drops. Each thing is obvious, clear from the moment you meet, there is no one that makes you feel the way they do. And that is my problem. There were people in the wizarding world who quite clearly don't get their happy ending and I have begun to think that perhaps some people were designed for someone who was designed for someone else. Maybe this 'mark' pointed more than one person to the same individual, maybe some of us were destined for an unhappy ending from the day we were born. Now to save time I'm just going to come right out and say it, 'I'm hopelessly, helplessly in love with my best friend, Harry Potter'. And like all smart people you're probably wondering when the 'but' comes in... well, you see the thing is he thinks he's supposed to be with someone else. Right now you're probably confused so I will take you back to the beginning, when my life was tossed on its end. It was the first week of term and Hermione was still in awe of the magic that was openly displayed at every turn. Her vivid green eyes followed every new discovery with delight, Hogwarts was massive and absolutely overflowing with all things weird and wonderful. That was why at this very moment instead of being in her transfiguration class she was wondering the corridors hopelessly lost. Everything about this place changed constantly, the stair cases moved, corridors just simply disappeared and class rooms seemed to jump from one end of the castle to the other overnight (she later learned that everything settled down somewhere near the end of the second week, apparently the castle was rather excitable). She had been lost for the better part of an hour before she finally came across a classroom that was in use and while it wasn't the class that she was looking for it did have a teacher that could point her in the right direction. She moved closer and peeked through the gap in the door to see inside. At first glance there was nothing unusual about what was happening inside, the room was full of third years and the teacher, someone she didn't recognize was giving a lecture. She moved closer intent on getting the directions she sought until something the teacher said stopped her in her tracks. "... the 'mark' is something that you have from birth that points you specifically to your life mate. It could be something physical or it could be a peculiar personality trait but either way it is clear cut and precise. No mark has ever been recorded to be wrong and when the time comes you will know." There was a brief pause while the professor gaged the reaction of her students before she began again. "A prime example of the mark is shown on two of the schools professors, Professor McGonagall and Professor Dumbledore, who both have a predisposition to love lemon drops, a muggle sweet, not otherwise found in the wizarding world..." Hermione did not listen in any further, suddenly terribly afraid of what she had just learned. While most people would be comforted to know that there was someone out there that was made with them in mind she was smart enough to know that it couldn't always work out. Even at her young age she had seen the signs, there were far too many unhappy people in the magical world for there to always be a happy ending. Professor Snape came immediately to mind, it was obvious that he carried a great burden, she suspected that his love never came. It was years later that she found out her fear was well founded. They were seated in the common room, photo albums piled around them, talking about their families. Some had a lot to say (Weasleys) some had very little (Harry) and some were happy to just listen. "... and that is my great great aunt who gave her husband a third arm when he asked for her to pass the pumpkin juice one to many times." Neville finished tallying off all the members of his family with a grin while pointing at a moving photograph of a rather surly looking witch who was wearing what looked like a sandwich on her head. There was silence except for the turning of pages as the group continued to reminisce over old times until it was broken by Hermione. She had seen the unhappy look on Harry's face as each person revealed family member after family member. "I only have my parents", she said while pointing to a photograph taken of them on a picnic, they all looked happy as they waved at the camera. She hoped that this would put him at ease or at the least take his mind off of the many membered families that all wizards seemed to have. "We don't look very alike but I have my mother's eyes." She did not notice at the time but a certain professor who had been walking past at the time gave a double-take. McGonagall left the tower with a smile on her face and a warm heart, she knew that at least one thing in the life of Harry Potter would bring some light in the hard times ahead. At the beginning of third year they 'officially' received the talk for the first time. And it had the entire class in an uproar for weeks afterwards. Ron having grown up with magic took it all in stride (though he did avoid girls more than usual for a month or two), Harry however was left shell-shocked, unable to believe that anyone could be meant for 'him'. He couldn't bring himself to believe that he had an other half and within hours of hearing the lecture was determined that he must be the exception to the rule. Hermione however was no longer awed by what she had known since her first week at Hogwarts but accepted it with quiet grace leaving no one aware that she was secretly rebelling against this as of yet unknown tie. It was later that year that she discovered the truth. Harry, Professor Lupin and she had run into one another on the way to visit with Hagrid. It had recently come out that the Professor was none other than Moony of the Marauders and had in fact known both of Harry's parents. They had been happily chatting away for the last twenty minutes, just reminiscing over old times when he said something that caught Hermione off guard. "They were wonderful people, your parents. I've not met anyone quite like them..." He was quiet for a minute, lost in his own thoughts, "You look just like James, you know. Except the eyes... you have your mother's eyes." He smiled sadly before heading off to whatever business had brought him outside in the first place. His words would haunt Hermione for many years afterwards... his mother's eyes. They were green, Harry's eyes were green. Killing curse green. She wondered that she had not noticed before.. Fourth year brought many trials for the Golden trio, the tri wizard tournament was hard on all of them and Harry was rejected by most of the school, including one of their own. Ron abandoned them out of jealousy and his jumping ship seemed to prove to the entire school that he truly was guilty of cheating. Throughout this time she was the only person who stood by him, she couldn't really help herself. Not only did she believe that he hadn't put his name in that cup but by that time she was already completely in love with him. One would think that coming to that place, coming to love him, would have been easy, particularly after finding her mark but it was far from it. She had always believed in independence, that she did not need a man to complete her and then she was thrown into a world that it was a widely known and accepted truth that you had an 'other half'. When she had found out she had rebelled against the idea, determined that she would not fall in love simply because some mysterious mark told her that she would. She had been so sure that she would fall for whoever she fell for, that she would not put herself into a place where she would conform to that ridiculous idea. The problem with that plan had been that she had already placed herself where she had promised herself she wouldn't and by the time she found out what her mark was in third year it was already too late. She was already in too deep with Harry to turn back and she had found that despite her beliefs to the contrary, she really didn't want to turn back. She had already made her choice and magic seemed to agree. So here she was with Harry, supporting him as he went off to fight a dragon. She was terrified for him, as if his life wasn't filled with enough danger as it was without having to compete in a tournament designed for students that were far older than him. Ugh. Why had Dumbledore allowed this? As it turned out she should have been more worried about the dragon, after all was said and done Harry had come out on top and the dragon was left looking a lot worse for wear. Harry had hardly a scratch, now the only trouble was keeping him that way. The first task down and she felt like the second task was looming over them already even though it wasn't until after the new-year. Neither of them could figure out what it was going to be despite the fact that they had spent hours mulling over the subject. Even the egg was no help at all, the only thing it did was give anybody listening an awful headache. And to add to her never ending list of troubles the school simply had to put on a ball. A ball that she was sure she would never get a date for. Her first and most coveted option, Harry, was also coveted by the