Of Nightmares and War She woke to his screams, just like every night, just like she always did. It was always around this time that the nightmares started and the screaming always followed. Sometimes he would call for help, sometimes he would scream in anger, and sometimes it was gut wrenching fear. And then sometimes he would call out those name. The names of people which were no longer able to answer. But by far the worst times were when he called out for her . There was emotion in his voice that almost cracked her heart because these nightmares are by far his darkest. He never talks about them, those ones that make him call for her, never. He would tell her of Cedric, of Dobby, of Dumbledore or Sirius but never those dreams. He would keep them bottled up inside and that worried her... because of all his dreams these were also the most frequent, seemed to hold the most pain. It had been six months since the end of the war and neither of them were getting any better. Neither of them had slept the whole night through since the battle. As night closed in it seemed their minds awoke, another old horror always waiting to be remembered. As time passed they slept less and less each night, no longer sure what could ease their pain. Oblivion could not even be found at the end of a bottle, potion or otherwise. Harry continued to scream through the night and she continued to hear the word mudblood called to her over and over again (something she heard even not in sleep), kept feeling the knife that engraved it in her skin. The echoes of death that seemed to follow her, of those whose blood did not run pure. The pain, their pain, kept mounting with no end in sight. Their fears and memories spilled over into the daytime hours and panic attacks became another frequent occurrence. The product of minds too run down, too weary to build up walls around things they did not wish to see. One moment she would be looking at something as simple as a quill and see blood dripping from calloused hands (younger then than now) and pink would consume her vision for many long minutes before she came back to herself (a sad thing to be so afraid of a color). Harry would often stare at the painting in the hallway oblivious to the screeching woman within for hours at a time and come away shaking and unable to speak. She wondered what he saw. Ron was there with them too. He had shared their fights, had lived the war like they had and he had shared their night terrors for many months as well until one day he suddenly stopped. Like he had been touched by a unicorn or spelled to forget. They could find no explanation until he told them he had met up with Luna (they had not met since after the battle) at café in Diagon Alley and from that chance meeting on, things had gotten better for him. He was now happily engaged and sleeping the entire night through. He still had the occasional flash back but nothing as bad as he had before her. They were happy for him of course and glad that when he moved out he no longer had to try and calm down two hysterical roommates. He still stayed every once in a while and they remained good friends but he was in a better place emotionally when he didn't have to worry about the two of them. They never sought 'professional help' (that would require going to a doctor and they no longer trusted those) but then who else could help them? Those that had survived the war were either in the same boat or had sat fearfully on the sidelines and allowed it to come to pass. They were not foolish enough to believe that the world had been magically rid of its purist ideals at the death of one man and so they kept to themselves. Fortunately few people noticed and their lives remained undisrupted by anything or anyone. Harry like everything in his life before, had it the worst of all of them. He slept even less than they did and his flash backs seemed all the more real. The war had cost him more than any of the others and she was sure that he would have taken the easy way out if the same war that scarred him hadn't also given him an extreme appreciation for life. Months went by and Harry started to go to bed earlier and earlier in the hopes of getting in more sleep before the dreams took him but it never worked, it just meant that the screaming started earlier. Despite this he kept trying and so he kept on being woken by the torture produced by his own subconscious. It was always like this and in a twisted way she was grateful because when he did this, he always woke her before her own dreams could really start. She looked over at her nightstand and sure enough it read 11:05, the same as the night before... and the night before that. She had been asleep for less than an hour but it looked like there would be no more for her tonight. "HERMIONE!" The scream was loud and clear despite the walls it had to travel through to make it to her room. She bolted upright because there was something different about this cry, it was somehow more desperate and despairing than any she had ever heard from him. Her wand was out from under her pillow (a paranoid habit since their time on the run) and she was on her way to his room in seconds. She cast a cautious 'lumos' so she could make her way up the old stairs of Grimmauld place without causing a minor cave in, coming to a stop before his door. It wasn't shut, it never was anymore, both of them needed easy access to the other during the night, after all you could not wake someone that you could not reach. When she entered his room, to her surprise he was already awake. They rarely woke from their nightmares by themselves, usually they held them captive, unable to escape until someone could rescue them but tonight had been different. It must have been truly terrible for him to wake on his own. She could feel the uncontrolled magic in the room caused by whatever horror he had just seen. Photos had fallen to the floor, chairs were overturned and the window had a large crack in it. As for Harry himself, he was sitting in the middle of the bed, covered in sweat and breathing like he had just went head to head with a dragon. However it was the look on his face that made her launch herself at him and hold him like he would disappear. He looked like his heart was broken. And that was something she could not take. The world could stop spinning for all she cared, so long as Harry never looked like that again (not after Sirius, not after Dumbledore). It had been an unspoken rule that she was not to come to him on nights when he called out for her because it was something he did not wish to share or burden her with. She had once, the first time it happened but he had looked at her with so much fear and asked that she not pry because her knowing would hurt him even more than the dream ever could. So she hadn't asked again, nor had she come when he called for her... but this time was different, he latched onto her tightly and breathed her in like a starving man. "Hermione." He breathed into her hair in relief. "...My Hermione." He didn't appear to notice what he was saying, he just continued to hold her and murmur her name in between large gulps of air with his face buried into her shoulder. "What happened, Harry? Please, let me help you." She was in tears now because this was the last straw, she was bone weary and they both needed this with a desperation only the sleep addled could. They needed to tell someone what it was that kept them up at night and the only people they trusted was each other. His breathe caught in his throat but he whispered the words anyway. "It's always the same, always you... They were torturing you again and I couldn't stop them." He paused to take a deep breath before continuing. "They made me watch just like always but this time they... th-they made me write on your arm." He didn't finish but then he didn't have to because they both knew what was carved into her arm that day. "... After they were done.." even now he could tell all that they did to her in his mind. "they made me... made me kill you. And I couldn't stop it. I tried but I wasn't strong enough to stop it." Few recognized the feel of the imperius but he did, few realized that such a loss of control could mean. But he did. The war would have been much different had he been but a little weaker, even for a moment than he was And that, she realized, was what had sent him over the edge. This was clearly not a new dream, it was one she had herself (minus the Harry hurting her part) many times but that last bit was obviously a whole new addition to his dream scape. Otherwise it wouldn't have sent him over the edge like that. "I'm right here Harry, I'm alright. You would never hurt me." "How can you possibly say that after all that I put you through over the years? After everything I dragged you into?" He pulled away from her, shocked that she could so firmly believe that when he most certainly had hurt her much and often over the years. It was his fault and his alone that she woke screaming with the remembrance of the cruciatus curse. His fault that she had such a filthy term permanently edged into her skin and his fault that she still held the look of one who had gone too long without enough food sustain them. She would always amaze him. He had never met anyone so wonderful or loyal as her and he probably never would. She was his deepest desire and his worst fear all wrapped up in one. Every time he looked for her she was there and every hope he had for the future was reliant on her presence in it. He had done so much to her over the years, put her through so much, yet here she was comforting him, saving him from himself. "You have never and you will never hurt me Harry. I have complete faith in you... after everything how could I not?" She smiled up at him from where she was now seated on his bed, glad that he had begun calmed down. He pulled her back into his arms, holding her until his breathing calmed and the tension in his muscles eased. Suddenly on the brink of sleep once more he placed feather-light kisses across her cheeks and nose, "I truly don't deserve you 'Mione." She froze, not quite believing what she had just heard but Harry didn't seem to notice the effect that his words had had and continued to hold her. She didn't know what to say but he didn't seem to expect anything and it wasn't long before he was breathing deeply again, sound asleep with his arms still firmly wrapped around her middle. She couldn't move and she couldn't bring herself to wake him so she settled down and