I can't exactly explain how it happened, but Tom Riddle and I somehow became best friends. Perhaps I shouldn't use the term "best friends" because while I definitely considered him mine, the term implies certain things that weren't necessarily true about our relationship. We argued and would never admit actually enjoying each other's company, but we still spent almost every available moment together. We never shared or discussed feelings and we really couldn't care less about the happenings of each other's social lives. If I had to guess, I would say that growing up together is what made us at least tolerate each other. It was the predictability and understanding that made us close. While we were polar opposites in many ways, we still had some similarities that held us together. I don't mean to brag, but we're both pretty bright students, and both of us were incredibly polite and proper. I think that was our method of making our stoicism more socially acceptable. We liked logic and for things to make sense, and if I was being entirely honest, neither of us understood how love and other emotions seemed to control the actions of others. That being said, Tom is charismatic and a natural leader whereas I am a little shy and very awkward in conversation with people I have never met before. However, I actually have it in me to care about people and humanity as a whole. That's something Tom really struggles with- he sees people as either obstacles or pawns. Or at least, that's how he likes to make it seem to me. "Good evening, Milagros," Tom said sitting down across from me. I looked up from my parchment that I was scribbling on. I was so entirely focused on my homework that I hadn't even noticed him approaching. "Good evening, Mr. Riddle ," I responded, giving him a slight glare. He almost grinned at my irritation, "I have something I would like for you to get done." "Calling me 'Milagros' doesn't make me feel very obligated." "I am rather fond of your given name. You are one of the few Hispanics in this school," Tom said charmingly. Too charmingly. Almost innocently. Having known Tom as long as I have, I knew to be cautious whenever he got like this. "I'm Hispanic whether I like my name or not," I said, wondering what that had to do with anything. "'Milly' has a more European connotation to it," he stated. "And your point is?" I asked, eyeing him carefully. Tom smirked, "Asking to be called 'Milly' as opposed to 'Milagros' implies that you wish to conform. You don't want to stand out. Even if that means giving up who you really are." I opened my mouth to say something, but words wouldn't come. I shut my mouth and started to blush angrily. I supposed it was true. Partially, at least. I didn't really want to stick out, but I wasn't giving up my identity in any way. If I was going to stand out, it would be because of my actions and character- not because of my name. I was more embarrassed and angry that Tom thought that about me than I was about the validity of the statement. I wasn't so weak that I would change my name to conform to these people. "You're pouting, Milagros," Tom stated disapprovingly. "It's Milly, Tom! Merlin, what do you want?! To psychoanalyze me some more?" I half shouted in the common room. "You're overreacting. It's childish, really-" "No, it's your insistence on suddenly addressing me by a name that I do not go by that's childish," I spat. "What difference does it make what I call you?" Tom asked amused. Tom always stayed calm during my outbursts. Sometimes he'd throw in some insults, but most of the time I felt like he was mocking me with his innocent charade. "It makes an incredible difference because you're Tom Riddle." "And you're Milagros Rodriguez." I rolled my eyes, "That's not the point. You have power over people, and you know it. If I allow you to start calling me by my real name, then in a matter of weeks the whole school will be referring to me as 'Milagros'." "You flatter me, but no one is around to hear me call you that." I put my books into my bag in frustration, "Fine! When it's just you and me, you can call me Milagros, but the second there is even a chance that some Tom Riddle wannabe is around-" "Miss Rodriguez it is." I groaned. Unfortunately, I knew that was as good as it was going to get. I rubbed my forehead in attempt to rub out some of my anger. I tried and failed to look at Tom as if this conversation never happened, "You said you needed help with something?" "Let me make one thing clear, I do not need your help. I could easily do this myself. I'm simply very busy and have more important things to do." "That isn't a good start," I almost groaned. "Why must you insist on being so negative?" Tom said smirking like he knew exactly why I insisted on being so negative. "Because you're asking me to do your dirty work," I said crossing my arms and holding back a smile. He wasn't going to coax me into it this time. Tom held my gaze, "All things considered, I think you will be pleasantly surprised this time. I need a potion." My arms dropped to my sides and my eyes widened. Tom had my full attention, and he knew it. "It's advanced, and needless to say, breaking about fifteen school rules all of which could result in expulsion-" "That's my favorite kind of potion," I said feeling myself getting increasingly excited. Tom looked very serious, "Because I'm willing to accept these risks, this potion is obviously of great importance. No mistakes." I rolled my eyes, "You know who you're talking to, right?" "Well?" Tom insisted. "Yes, alright? What's the potion?" He pulled out a book, flipped to a page, and pushed it over to me. " This ?" I almost snorted, "Give me three weeks." Tom's eyebrows rose, "Very well. I'll see you in three weeks, Milagros." He left me pouring over the ingredients. This obviously wasn't my first time making a potion for Tom. He seemed to have a collection of friends that had certain talents. When we discovered mine in potion making, he came every once in a while with little favors for me to carry out. While I was looking over the material, several things occurred to me. The first being that I couldn't brew it in my dormitory. While it's my usual place for these potions, there was no way my dorm mates would let me get away with this one. I couldn't simply explain to them that Tom had asked me to brew it. They are either jealous of my personal relationship with Tom Riddle, however dull and platonic it may be, and would try to sabotage my potion or are a bunch of straight laces who wouldn't be able to resist getting me expelled. I decided I'd have to talk to Tom about that. We'd also have to discuss how I'd get the ingredients. He would usually get me the ingredients, and I'd brew it up as quickly and efficiently as I could, but it was never this big. I never had to be so secretive about it. My excitement kept me awake most of the night. After repeatedly reminding myself that the secret to Potions lays in patience, I at last fell asleep with dreams of brewing up my Mona Lisa haunting me every second. The next day, I arrived at the Great Hall for breakfast to see Tom at the end of the table with Sylvia Lemming. She was Tom's flavor of the week. He would flirt with all the females, and would occasionally pick one to invite to eat breakfast with him. This made them feel special, but made sure that none of them thought they were exclusive. As Tom explained it to me, it was all a ploy to remain popular with the females, which in turn, made him popular with the males, and popularity was surprisingly important to Tom. "Morning, Tom. Hello, Sylvia," I said sitting down. "Hello, Miss Rodriguez," Tom said, giving me a subtle look. I knew what it meant. How could Sylvia feel special if I was stealing all the attention? He was right. I could tell by the way Sylvia glared and didn't return my greeting. "I know you're annoyed with me already, Tom, but Professor Binns said I should talk to you if I needed any help with History of Magic, and well-" I said, feeling very proud of myself for my story. Tom gave an exasperated sigh, "I suppose. Really, though, you should just pay more attention in class." Normally, I wouldn't let Tom get away with that, but I forced myself to look bashful and said, "Okay, thanks." It was all code. Tom knew that I really just needed to talk to him about the potion. Sylvia, on the other hand, did not. As I was walking away, I heard her say, "You know that's just an excuse to spend time with you. I doubt she's really having trouble." "Really, now?" Tom said with fake surprise, "I knew she was infatuated with me, but I had no idea it would go that far." The last thing I heard when I left the Great Hall was Sylvia's obnoxious laugh. "Have I mentioned to you, Tom, how much I hate it when you cut me down to look good in front of your lady friends?" I asked him while we were browsing the library later that day. "You have brought it to my attention," he said flipping through a book. "Really? Then why do you insist on continuing? I'm doing you a favor, I deserve a little respect," I said. He snapped the book shut and returned it to the shelf, "I have told you, I can easily brew this potion myself. I figured you'd actually enjoy feeling useful for a change." "If you really cared that much about my feelings, you wouldn't belittle me in front of those empty headed females." "It's all an act, Milagros," Tom said sounding very bored, "You didn't seem to have any problems acting like an infatuated school girl. I merely played along." "I was not acting like an infatuated school girl," I said indignantly. "I don't have time for this. Is there something wrong with the potion already?" "You mean besides having no ingredients and nowhere to brew it, correct?" "You've never had a problem with location before," he commented browsing the books again. I shook my head, "It was never as big as this is. My roommates wouldn't believe in a million years that I was making it for extra credit." Tom's raised his eyebrows, "They bought that before?" "They aren't the brightest." "Yes, but you are. I expected more from you." I blushed at the half compliment. "Sorry to fall short of your expectations," I muttered. He sighed, "I know a place. It's here, in the castle, but not a word of it to anyone else." "Obviously." Tom took me to a third floor corridor and paced back and forth for a while, muttering to himself. Just when I was about to ask him what in the world he was doing, a door appeared in the middle of the wall. I couldn't believe my eyes and took a couple of takes between the door and Tom, who was walking toward the door with purpose and not caring in the slightest about my disbelief. I decided to pull myself together as Tom would probably get annoyed and stop showing me interesting things if I completely lost it every time. I realized that my jaw hung loose and snapped