Me: Noticed a few mistakes here and there so I'm planning to rewrite this story as well. Summary: Lily couldn't take it anymore to see her youngest son being treated so badly. She decided enough was enough and flees the wizarding world with young Harry. There she meet an old friend and discovered something from her parents rather shocking to say the least Bashing: James Potter, Sirius Black (a bit), the Weasley's (except the twins) and Dumbledore I don't own Harry Potter as all credit goes to J.K Rowling. -1985- "James, I've had it up to here! Why can't you treat Harry the same way as Alex?!" snapped Lily Potter nee Evans while holding onto her sobbing 5 year old son. James Potter looked at his youngest son with disgrace. "You heard what Dumbledore said Lily! Voldemort may be gone for now but someday that bastard will return! Alex is the one from the prophecy and is marked the Boy-Who-Lived after defending him!" Lily shook her head while having tears running down her eyes. "You've changed James…where is that wonderful man I fell in love with? Where is that wonderful Father who showed so much love to his both children?" "Lily," said James softly as he step closer to his wife. Lily step back, "You played with both boys along with Sirius and Remus but ever since that Halloween night, you neglected your second son and only paid attention to Alex." "Please Lily, you must understand that Alex is special," stated James before frowning. "Merlin, that brat has not shown any accidently magic while Alex started at the age two!" Lily widens her eyes as she couldn't believe that James called Harry, a brat. She shook her head before looking over to James firmly. "Are you positive that it is Alex? Ever think that it could have been Harry? Whenever Alex does his 'accidently magic', Harry is with him." "Well it could be possible that Alex was showing that brat amazing he did," said James. Lily sighs sadly before holding onto her youngest son. She turned around before looking back to her uncaring husband that she once loved. "I'm sorry James but…I'm tired of this. I'm going to feed Harry something before putting him to his afternoon nap." James scratched his head, "Um sure, whatever. I'm going to see if Alex is awake yet. When you are done with the brat, meet us outside as I was planning to take Alex a little joy ride on the broom." Lily didn't say anything and waited until her husband walked away from her. She leaned over to Harry's ear, "Not too worry sweetie. You will not suffer any more of this even…even if it means we have to disappear from the Wizarding world – together. I promise." -Evans' Residence, 9:30 pm- Rose Evans nee Patel was finishing up cleaning up from dinner when she heard a knock from the front door. She had a confuse look on her face before drying her hands and walked over to opened the door. "Now who would be knocking around this hour?" Rose grabbed the knob and opened the front door to find her youngest daughter, Lily and her grandson, Harry at the entrance. "Oh Lily dear, what are you doing here this late at night honey?" "Can…Can I come in Mom?" asked Lily softly. Rose frowned a bit before nodding and stepped aside to let her daughter come in. That's when she noticed the dried up tears on her cheeks and her puffy red eyes. "Something happen, I know it. I'll go make some tea while you put Harry to sleep in the guest room or your old room." Lily slowly nodded before grabbing her bag and walked up the stairs. She placed her youngest son onto her old room and placed the half sleeping child onto her bed. She waited not too long for Harry to fall asleep before slowly leaving her room and walked over to the kitchen where her mother had just finished making the tea. Both women took a seat at the table where Rose handed her a cup of tea. "Now dear, tell me what happen? Why are you crying? Where is your family?" Lily bite her lip before taking a deep breath and slowly started explaining to her mother of what had been happening for the past four years. "I-I couldn't stay there anymore Mom so I left him. I couldn't stand to see Harry being mistreated and neglected while Alex was being treated like a god. I-I know it was wrong for me to left my other son but what else could I have possibly do? James would have had Aurors after me if I did." Rose sighs before holding onto her daughter's hand, "What you did was a tough chose but necessary. Let's discuss this with your Father in the morning." Lily nodded before the two headed off to bed. -Playground, few days later- Lily was reading her book before looking up to see her son playing at the swing set with a blond boy sitting next to him. The redhead witch smiled warmly to finally see her youngest son be happy for the longest time. She sighs heavily before leaning over to the bench she was sitting at and recalling what her father told her not too long ago. " That low life, selfish man! How dare he treat my youngest grandson like that! I'm glad that you dump him Lily as in the beginning I never trusted him!" " Harold dear please, calm down!" " Oh I will when I get my hands on that so called pureblood bastard! Lily dear, you can stay here as long as you like and forget that low life bastard." Lily sighs before closing her book and got up from the bench she was sitting at. She was walking over to the swing set to get her youngest son as it was getting close for dinner. She was about to call him out when she spotted someone that she never thought that she will see again. "S-Severus?" The man that was dress in black clothes turned around before having a pale look on his face. "L-Lily?! W-What are you doing here? I-I mean, hello." Lily smiled a bit before giggling, "Same old Sev. And to answer your question, I'm staying over at my parents for a while with my youngest son, Harry." "I-I see," said Severus before frowning. "Where are Potter and the other twin, Alex?" Lily's smile slowly turned to a frown before looking down at the ground. "James…He…He changed the day when Voldemort attack Godric Hallow. Albus and James believe that is was Alex that vanished Voldemort while protecting Harry who James believes that he is a squib. James completely ignores Harry and calls him names while giving his full attention to Alex." Severus sighs and pinched his nose before shaking his head. "Potter's stupidity continues to grow. How's Harry fairing all of this?" "You don't have to worry about him Severus as he is like a little mini me," replied Lily happily. "He loves to help my Dad whenever he can while he helps my Mom on the kitchen or at the garden." Severus chuckles lightly, "Harry must have gotten more of your genes rather than Potter's." "Not that I want to be cruel but I'm glad as well," said Lily before getting hugged by her youngest son. "Harry dear, are you ready to – oh! Who's this? A new friend?" Harry nodded, "Yes Mommy! This is Draco." "Hi Harry's Mommy!" greeted Draco before walking over to Severus. "Uncle Sev, look I found me a new friend to play with!" "I can see that Dragon and glad that you did," said Severus happily before hearing Lily giggled. "What's so funny?" "Oh nothing Sev," replied Lily. "I just…didn't know that you were an Uncle. Is he from your Mother's side?" "No, Draco is my Godson," replied Severus. "His Father and I were friends during his time in Hogwarts before he graduated so he named me his Godfather when Draco was born." "Oh I see," said Lily before noticing something familiar about the young boy. "You know, he looks awfully alike Lucius Malfoy. Is he his son?" "Right as usual, Lily," said Severus. "Lucius is currently is in Azkaban for being a Death Eater while his Mother, Narcissa Malfoy is in a magical coma from an unknown spell when the Aurors attacked their manor, three years ago. As Draco's Godfather, the guardianship was handed over to me until his parents are dim worthy to raise the boy." "Poor Draco," said Lily as she looked down to see the two boys play around their legs. "I just hope that Lucius doesn't mind Draco having Harry as a friend when he is released from prison." "By then, Draco will be in his mid-teens and if Lucius will be sane as well," said Severus before frowning. "It's a completely different story for Narcissa as the Healers don't know when she will ever wake up." "So they will be complete strangers to Draco's view when he ever meets them," said Lily before looking at her watch. "Oh my, is that the time! Come on Harry before Grandma scolds us for being late for dinner." Harry frowns before grabbing hold onto Draco's hand. "Can't they come with us Mommy? Grandma always makes a lot of food." "I don't know," murmured Lily before smiling. "Well what do you say Sev? Would you and Draco like to come over and eat with us at my parent's place? Just like old times." Severus thought for a moment before looking over to see that his godson has not let go of Harry's hand. He sighs before nodding his head. "I believe is possible and I do miss your Mother's cooking, what do you think Draco?" Draco smiled happily, "Oh yes please!" -Evans' Residents- "Oh Severus, it's wonderful to see you again," said Rose happily before giving a hug to Severus. She let go before noticing the young blond child, "And who is this young man?" "It's a pleasure seeing you as well Mrs. Evans," said Severus before placing his hand over to his Draco's head. "And this is my Godson, Draco Malfoy." "Hello Mrs. Evans," greeted Draco, politely. "Aw what gentleman but please call me Grandma, Draco," said Rose before placing her hands on her hips. "And Severus if I recall, I gave you permission to call me 'Mom' when your Mother died." "Um well…y-yes you did," stuttered Severus while Draco giggled. "Grandma Rose, can Draco and I play a bit before we eat?" asked Harry. "Of course Harry dear," replied Rose. Harry grinned happily before grabbing hold onto Draco's hand and guided him upstairs to his room. "Well then let's go you two," said Rose as she grabbed hold onto Lily and Severus' hands. "Harold will be coming soon and I need my two special helpers to get dinner ready." Lily and Severus blushed a bit as they recall the times when they are younger and would help out in the kitchen when Severus was invited to eat dinner with them. Sometimes Eileen, Severus' mother would come along as well. It didn't take long for Harold to come home before having to get Harry and Draco for dinner. Lily set up a little table for the two young boys while the rest of them were to eat at the kitchen table. Harold was happy to see Severus again and started asking questions about what he has been doing after graduating Hogwarts. Severus told Harold that he got his Mastery of Potions at a young age and was planning to open his own potion Apothecary when he was recruited to be a spy during the first war in the Wizarding world. "That must have been a dangerous job to do Severus," said Harold. "I'm glad to know that you are alright and unharmed." "Yes, I was glad