(Re-Edited November 29, 2016) Thanks to Destineyofme to point out where some of the mistakes I have missed. Not sure if I found them all but today (Nov 29) I was discharge from the hospital so if I did miss something, PM me about it and tell me where it is. Summary: What if Petunia raised Harry as promised as like a son with unexpected help from someone in the wizarding world? What was inside of the trunk that Lily sent to Petunia before she passed away? Good witch Petunia and wizard Dudley, Godfather Severus, Alive Regulus Black, Good Malfoy's, Free Sirius Black, Cured Remus Lupin, Good but misunderstood Salazar Slytherin and one Horcux in Harry's scar Bashing: Dumbledore, Molly Weasley, Ron Weasley and Ginny Weasley Me: I don't own the books or movies of Harry Potter…enjoy – NO FLAMES! -Break Line- "Aunt Petunia, I have finished with the garden," said eight year old Harry. Petunia smiled softly at her nephew, "Thank you dear, I have your supper on the table. Go on and eat before your Uncle comes home." Harry nodded as he saw two sandwiches and a soda on the table. He was enjoying his food before he heard his cousin coming to the kitchen. "Mom! Dad is home early! He just parked his car at the driveway!" Harry ran to his aunt with his plate while Dudley cleaned a bit of what Harry left behind. Petunia quickly grabbed a dirty oversize shirt from a hidden cabinet and putting onto Harry as if he was cooking. They heard the door opening and came in was Vernon. "Pet, I'm home! Has the freak finished supper yet?" Petunia turned around and gave a fake smile, "Of course dear and finished his chores as well. Why don't you clean up for dinner." Vernon smiled, "Of course Pet." Petunia watched her 'normal' husband walk upstairs to their room before sighing in relief. She looked back to see that Harry was finishing setting up the table while Dudley was helping out a bit. "That's good enough. Dudley, go to the living room and play your game on the couch. Harry, go stand by the stove," instructed Petunia, quietly. Both boys nodded and did as they were told. Petunia sighs sadly as she never wanted her dear nephew's life to be like this. Eight years ago, she found him in a basket in the bitter cold with a note next to him explaining that her dear sister and husband were killed by a dark wizard while their young son, Harry Potter survived. She grieved of her little sister's death as she was just rebuilding their relationship along with that Snape boy a few years back. Petunia remembered looking down at her only living family member left as her parents had passed away about a month ago from a car crash by a drunken driver. She vowed that day she would take care of him and guide her nephew to be the best wizard like her little sister was. Petunia snapped away from her thoughts when Vernon came in and took his seat. "Freak, give me my food! Don't make me wait all day!" snapped Vernon. "Y-Yes Uncle Vernon," replied Harry. The young child hurried to fill up their plates and placed them on the table. -Night- "Get some sleep Harry," said Petunia, softly. She leaned over to give him a kiss on the forehead. Harry smiled, "Night Aunt Petunia." She closed Harry's room which was the cupboard under the stairs. Petunia knows it was wrong but it was the only way for Harry to run and hide from Vernon when he gets drunk on the weekends. Petunia cried silently as she climbed upstairs to give a good night sleep to Dudley as well. She was about to go to her room when she remembered her sister gave her a trunk that should be used for emergencies before going into hiding. She ran up to the attic and looked everywhere for the mysterious trunk until she spots it on the far right corner. Petunia opened it and looked around that could be useful and after about a few minutes, she found something that looked official with a seal on it. She broke the seal and noticed it was some sort of Will…from her sister. She read through it and after she finished, she was beyond shock of what she read. She placed down the Will and look for the book that mention in the Will that would help her communicate the only person that could save her nephew. ' Please…please get here soon,' thought Petunia as she finished writing her message. She put everything away except for the Will when she heard an all too familiar shouting coming from downstairs. "FREAK, HOW DARE YOU STEAL WATER FROM MY HOUSEHOLD?!" -Hogwarts, Severus' Quarters- Severus Snape was relaxing at his living room after an exhausting day from students that don't listen or read instructions when he heard an all too familiar sound. ' What the bloody – it can't be,' thought the potion master. He ran towards the only location to where the sound was coming from, his old trunk from school. He opened his room and went straight to the closet to find his old trunk. Severus digs deep inside to find a black book with his initials on the front but this was no ordinary book. During in their fake fall out stunt in their 5th year, Lily, his best friend made two charmed journals to work like a phone. She got the idea when she overheard Potter and Black having a magical two way mirrors. Before Lily went to hiding with Potter, she told him whenever it would make a sound is when her sister, Petunia was in need of help because of her abusive husband, Vernon Dursley. He opens the book and search for the entry Petunia wrote: Sev, if you are still there please help me. I thought I could protect him from my husband but after eight years has passed, I can't take it anymore…I can't see him getting hurt and beaten. I had to resort to putting him in the cupboard under the stairs to keep him somewhat safe from Vernon. I gave him chores to keep him busy but Vernon demands chores that meant for older adults. I was able to stop my son to become a massive bully but he still needs to act cruel to his cousin when his Father is around. Please Sev you need to get him out of here before Vernon kills him. Petunia P.S – There was something in Lily's trunk that you might want to see for yourself. Severus widens his eyes before quickly going to his cabinet and grabbing a few potions that he might need to use. Within seconds, he grabbed his traveling cloak and dashed out from his quarters. -Privet Drive Number 4- Petunia raced downstairs and saw her son looking down from the stairway. "Dudley," said Petunia softly. Dudley looked up and had tears on his eyes, "Dad is hurting Harry again Mommy! Make him stop please! I don't want Harry to die!" Petunia nodded and went to the kitchen. When she entered, she saw her nephew on the floor curled up while Vernon was holding a worn out and bloody brown belt. "You blasted freak! How dare you steal water from us after we took you in after our good hearts, you filthy brat!" shouted Vernon. "I-I'm s-sorry U-Uncle Vernon…p-please s-stop," begged Harry. "You will not take what is yours, you freak!" said Vernon as he started kicking Harry. "P-Please Uncle V-Vernon…I-I'll be g-good!" sobbed Harry. Petunia couldn't take it anymore. "Vernon – THAT'S ENOUGH! STOP HURTIN MY NEPHEW THIS INTSTANT!" She grabbed hold to a vase and smashed it onto Vernon's head. As Vernon dropped to the ground, Petunia and Dudley ran towards Harry to help him. "Mommy Harry is hurt more than last time, is he going to be ok?" wondered Dudley. "I believe so…go to the cabinet where I keep the towels and the first aid kit for Harry," said Petunia, softly. Dudley nodded but before grabbing the necessary things, his father was up and had a furious look on his face. "Why are you helping the freak Petunia?!" snapped Vernon. Before Petunia could move, Dudley moved in front of his mother and cousin/brother. "No! Don't hurt Harry anymore and he is not a freak! Y-You are the freak!" Vernon was shock to hear that his only son was defending someone that was not like them. A freak! A-A monster! He angrily turned to Petunia who was holding onto the brat. He was shaking from fear and was trying to hide his bruised eye within Petunia's chest. "You freak! Look what you did to my family! You are going to regret this – AH!" Petunia widens her eyes as she saw her husband being thrown across the room. She looked down to see that her nephew was shocked as well. ' If Harry didn't do it then…' Petunia thoughts were stopped as she looked up to see that her son had his hand up and his face had a disbelief look. "Mommy…I did magic…just like Harry," said Dudley in awe. Petunia smiled happily as her nephew would not be going alone to Hogwarts but their short happiness was cut short when Vernon returned with his shotgun. "I have enough of this! The freak is leaving tonight! I'll shot him into pieces for making my son into a freak as well!" shouted Vernon, angrily. Petunia tightens her hold onto Harry while Dudley was still standing in front of them. Just before Vernon could take another step, the door was blasted opened and came in was Severus Snape. Vernon grit his teeth, "You! You're one of them! How –" " Stupefy," said Severus lazily at the whale of a muggle. Vernon fell to the ground while Petunia sighs in relief before getting up with Harry onto her arms. "Oh thank goodness you are here," said Petunia, happily. Severus nodded before looking down to see Lily's son. The child must have gone unconscious when he slammed the door open. "Petunia would you mind taking young Mr. Potter to the living room so I can heal him," said Severus as Petunia nodded. "In the meantime, pack up what you can as you and the children at not staying here any longer." "Oh Sev, thank you," said Petunia happily with tears. "I wanted to leave Vernon a long time ago but I had nowhere to go. Though Vernon wasn't like this at all…he was sweet and caring. That's way my parents thought he would be the perfect man for me…but we were wrong." Petunia carefully placed Harry onto the couch as Severus began to work on his serious injuries. "I see, what was inside of Lily's trunk that you wanted me to see?" wondered Severus as he casted a diagnosis scan to Harry. Petunia took out the unsealed paper and handed over to Severus. "I believe this a copy of my sister's Will." Severus widens his eyes, "The Ministry has been trying to find the Potter's Will for over the past four years! Lily…once again you were one step ahead." Petunia smiled, softly, "She was quite intelligent which why our parents admired so much. I was proud to have her as my sister. I-I better started packing." Severus nodded before calling someone. "Lippy!" A small creature popped out of nowhere with a black clothes that had the Prince crest on it. "Did Master Severus called Lippy?" "Yes, I need you to help his young woman to pack her belongings along with her son's and nephew." Lippy nodded, happily, "Of course Master Severus, which way Madam?" Petunia stared at the strange creature before shaking off her curiosity. "Upstairs, both my son's and nephew's clothes are there." The house elf nodded while Severus gave her a strange look. "I…will explain everything