The characters and story of Twilight lived in Stephenie Meyer's head long before I came along and read it. They belong to her. This story however, has lived in my head long before you read it and it belongs to me. I don't intend any copyright infringement and you better not either. Handing out thank yous to KatieTv and SugarTits who have held my hand and stroked me ego through this little endeavor. Thanks for pre-reading and lending me your balls to post it. Muchas gracias also to vanessarae who patiently answered my questions about this whole fan fic business (and who has now gone back and beta-ed my early chapters for me!) Life goes by so fast You only want to do what you think is right Close your eyes and it's past Story of my life ~Story of My Life, Social Distortion ~~BPOV~~ For once, I'd like to wake up to something other than crying. It must be so peaceful to let your eyes slide open when they are ready to, hearing nothing but silence. Instead, I awoke each morning to the sounds of tears, shrieks, and my name being called. It's not even my name but it might as well have been. Mommy . It's all I heard, all day long. My three-year-old started every sentence with it. "Mommy, get me this..." or "Mommy, I want that..." and "Mommy, I need..." My one-year-old couldn't say much else besides, "Mommy. Mommy. Mommy." I can remember a time when I'd begged them to say it; when I stood over their cribs smiling and cooing "ma-ma." Harder to remember was the time before Mommy, when I was just Bella; when I had my own needs and wants. Every day it seemed those days grew further and further away. It was hard to be Bella when Mommy was elbow deep in dishes, cleaning smashed crayons out of the carpet, wiping snotty noses, and brushing away tears. "Mommeeeeee," the little voices called out in the dark. I turned over and looked at the clock; it wasn't even six a.m. I rolled back over to the wide shoulders I'd been facing and poked them. He moved a little but didn't budge. I poked harder. "What?" "They're awake." "Already? It's not even light out. I'm tired." He's tired. Of course he's tired. We're all tired. "It's Saturday…." my voice trailed off. I knew, once again, that meant nothing. "Shit Bella, after the week I've had? Come on. Besides, they want you." Of course they wanted me. They always wanted me; that was the point. I said nothing as I slid out of bed, defeated. I pushed my feet into the waiting slippers as he yawned and flopped over sprawling across my side of the bed, nestling into the blankets like he'd been waiting all night for me to get out of his way. I pulled a flannel robe from the back of the door, cursing the damp coolness in the air. Our small cabin was too old to be insulated properly and even now, in spring, I still couldn't shake the chill from my bones. I'd start a fire but the rest of them would protest. My girls were hot-blooded like their father. I knew that my chapped, blue fingers would lift sweaty, hot bodies from their beds. "Mommy, mommy, mommy!" was the war cry I heard as I flipped the switch in their room. My littlest sprang in her crib as though she was on a trampoline. "Mommy, I'm thirsty, get me some water. Mommy, can I watch Gabba-Gabba?" My oldest begged for her favorite show, Yo Gabba Gabba - which to me was ripped from the diary of a drug addict tripping on acid. "Gabba, Gabba, Gabba!" the little jumping bean cried. "Honey you woke up too early, Gabba-Gabba isn't on yet," I said, addressing the ball of hair on the twin bed who was rubbing her eyes and yawning. "Yes it is! It is time for Gabba-Gabba. Make it time, Mommy. I want it!" It was way too early for this level of whining. "Sarah, it's not on right now. And I do not have magical powers that control television broadcasting. You are going to have to wait." She pouted and crossed her arms over her chest; she got that from her father, too. Stubborn. We padded into the kitchen and I reminded them to keep shrieking to a minimum since Daddy was still sleeping. I passed out heated-up frozen waffles and yogurt tubes before sitting at my laptop with a steaming cup of tea. I clicked open my email, browsed Facebook updates and peeked in on some of my favorite blogs. Even with the obnoxious characters shouting from the television and my children hollering back at them, I was able to tune out and immerse myself in a world far away from Forks and the reservation. So much so, I didn't look up when Jake wandered in the kitchen later, scratching at his bare belly and looking to the stove for breakfast. "Is there food?" He asked over his shoulder. "Oh sorry! Not yet, got caught up here. I can whip something up fast." I lifted my eyes from the screen and paused on my husband's washboard abs. There was a time that the mere sight of them made me weak. I guess I was desensitized now, because he still had the rock-hard body of a teenager, but I couldn't be bothered to notice. I sighed, looked back to the screen to close the open browser windows, and pushed the computer aside. Jake took a step toward me and kissed the top of my messy hair before running into the living room shouting, "Who's ready to get tickled?" The girls squealed and jumped on his back. He swept an arm up to steady them while bucking like a wild bronco. They laughed and cried for more. I resigned myself at the stove cooking yet another meal that would result in another sink of dirty dishes. There was a time when I liked cooking, the time I was just Bella. When we first married, I was so eager to try out new recipes on my doting and insatiable husband. He was more adventurous than my dad had been. Charlie would just poke at something that smelled too flavorful or had ingredients he couldn't pronounce. Jake would shovel anything into his mouth, forgetting to chew before telling me how good it was. I flipped the omelet over, watching the escaping cheese sizzle in the skillet. I wondered if I lost my zest for cooking, or gave it up since the girls would eat nothing but chicken nuggets, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, Cheerios, and the like. At any rate, I made whatever I could scrounge up for Jake and often just found a bowl of cereal for myself. "Hey Belly, if that's done, why don't you go take a bath? I think I can handle things from here," he said from the living room. Oh God, I hated it when he called me that. It had started when I was pregnant with Sarah, an all-too-obvious play on my name and the basketball I was smuggling under my shirt. He said I was "all belly" and from there it stuck. I felt like such a bitch, finding a term of endearment so irritating that it made me want to smack him every time he said it. "Belly?" He asked again, coming into the kitchen. "I'm sorry about earlier, you know me, I just couldn't get out of bed. But hey, go relax now, I'll eat and take the girls out to play." He reached out to the hand not holding a spatula, brought it to his lips, and kissed my fingertips. It pained me how much force it took to smile. It wasn't his fault I felt this way. It wasn't his fault I spent the days imagining I was somewhere else. Somewhere alone, where nobody asked anything of me. He tried. In moments like this, he tried. He saw me weary before the day had even begun, and he was encouraging me to find solace in my most favorite place. I pulled his hand to my mouth and kissed the cracked knuckles. "Thank you, I will, I'm in the middle of such a great book right now I could use the time to read." I ignored his eyes rolling heavenward with my last statement. Jake didn't read, he found it boring, and I was appalled when I realized this only after we married. Aside from him, books were my best friend and the idea that they didn't get along was upsetting. I didn't know how I managed to miss that before. But I guess when you're barely an adult and you've fallen in love with your best buddy, you don't notice his flaws. I thought I knew him so well. I had thought when we got together after graduation, that there wasn't much point in dating since I knew everything about him. I think he rushed to propose, fearing that if he didn't, he'd lose the chance to make me his. I stepped into the hot water, removing the book mark and setting it aside. I piled my hair high atop my head so as not to get it wet. The steam curled around my face as I sank deeper in the water. This claw foot tub was the entire reason I'd agreed to live here. Jake had brought me out here, thrilled at his discovery of a tiny, old cabin tucked into the woods. I had wandered each cramped room ingesting the dampness, the mold in the air. I had liked the pot-bellied stove in the main room and the thick, heavy glass of the windows but I wasn't sold until I found the large, deep, cast-iron tub in the bathroom. It was so deep and long that I could sit in total submersion, but for my head. In those days, the 'just Bella' days, he'd clamber in with me and I'd laugh as his overgrown body filled the tub. His knees poked out with just half of his shins and thighs beneath the water as he struggled to sit, hunching forward. He'd wash my back, fondle my bare, slippery breasts and leave tiny trails of kisses down my neck. I had loved how much he wanted to be with me. How he'd pout every time I left the room. I loved how big he was and how safe I felt enveloped in his arms. Back then, his need for me was so satisfying, so gratifying. But now, now he knew that I came here to be alone. That this was the one place I could shut the door and not be disturbed. This was a place free from sticky fingers, sippy cups, dirty laundry, and cartoons. I hadn't told him he wasn't welcome, he'd just inferred that since I came here to take a break from everything that needed me, I was also taking a break from him. I opened the book where I'd left off last and began to read. It wasn't long before I was crying and then laughing through my tears. The story was that good. I kept turning page after page until I noticed the water had gone cold. I listened for signs that Jake was tiring of the girls, but heard nothing. I lifted the drain with my eyes on the door and then dropped it back down after I'd let out a few cold inches. I turned the faucet as far as it would go, and scalding hot water finished filling the tub. I mixed the waters, hot and cold, above my stomach until it was swirling all around me. I stared at the tornado I'd created until I felt dizzy and returned to the story. I burned through the pages in record speed, saddened when I closed the back cover. I hated it