A/N: Here's another story. If you find this one first, please check out my Paul/Bella story as well. Send me a review with your favorite non canon pairing so I have an idea of which story to do next. I have a million ideas but I'd love to give ya'll what you want. Tell me, tell me, tell me! Please? If you have a request, send it. Inbox. Review, anything. I'm desperate to talk to people and get my creative juices flowing once again. My Niece's Teacher I was normally pretty laid back. I was the go-with-the-flow one in the pack. I never had problem keeping my human skin nor did I have a problem with my temper in any way. There was only one thing that could set me off and let my animal loose and it wasn't vampires. Her name was Bella Swan. When I first went wolf, I thought she was an angel. The way everyone spoke about her selflessness or selfishness depending on who you spoke to, showed me that true love survived it all. After seeing my sister so hurt, it was nice to see Bella and Edward's love story until I found myself in the very middle of it. Imprinting on Bella wasn't the problem. I'd had a crush on her for months but I knew I couldn't step on Jake's toes. She was his Bells. I was the annoying little kid that followed them around. I was up on that mountain helping Edward protect Bella and communicate with the rest of my pack when she called my name in warning and I looked right at her, right in those big expressive doe eyes. The rest of the pack felt it, experienced it, even Edward could hear it in my mind. I let out a whine and that's when things got hazy. I remember begging my pack, as they fought, not to tell Bella. I'd begged Edward after not to tell her. He didn't mind, for him, it meant he got to keep her. I couldn't admit it to her. Bella only saw me as a little kid. Like a kid brother. How could she see me as her soul mate, as her one and only, the other piece of her heart? No. I had to let her go, do what she wanted, even if that meant turning into a vampire. Leah wanted to kill her, kill me too, she even threatened to beat me up until I told Bella about the imprint. But I never told her and she left Forks, left everything, even Edward. The whole pack listened as Edward spoke of how he and Bella had ended their relationship. He says she claimed something had happened, changing the way she felt and she had a desire to live a normal life. Everyone looked to me, waiting for me to bring her back home, but I couldn't. Edward and the Cullens were gone, something about moving to Europe and the cloud cover. I was too ecstatic that Bella was living her life, not sucking animal blood as a vampire, to care. Years passed and I got a few updates from Jake, that came from Charlie, about Bella. I know she'd gone on to gain her Master's degree in Education. She wanted to work with small children. I tried not to get too hopefully when Jake told me her goal was to come home, to Forks, to the rez, somewhere close and do just that. Teach. Now that Jake and my sister had shaked up, gotten married and popped out a few pups, I was left mostly to myself. I delved into my art, shaping metal and painting anything I could get my hands on. Mom had moved on, Leah was gone and I was in the house alone, unless my niece Sarah came over. She liked to get into my paints with me much to the chagrin of her mother. I was supposed to pick Sarah up from her school since Leah had an appointment with the doctor for her newest pregnancy. Little WIll was less than four months old but Ol' Jakey boy already had her pregnant with another pup. For a girl who once claimed she was genetically dead, she sure was fertile. Glancing at the clock, I knew I had less than ten minutes before I needed to make the walk to the elementary school to pick Sarah up from kindergarten. At five and three quarters, she was one of the oldest children in the class, having missed the cut off to start last year by a few weeks, but she was exceptionally smart. I wasn't biased. She was gifted. I glanced at my painting, realizing it was the same as the last fifty before it. Junk. All I could see was brown eyes and mountain ranges. Small smiles and pale skin. Nothing ever came out the way I wanted. Grabbing a shirt off of the back of the couch, I made my way out of the front door to trek the short way to the rez school. I knew the kindergarteners were released first, being the smallest kids in school, so I liked to come a little early. When I got as close as I could to the front door, I stood with my arms over my broad chest just waiting for metaphorical wolves to descend. Somethings I think Leah sets me off for this just to laugh about it. There were a few single moms around the rez but there were a lot of families like mine, where someone besides a parent would pick up a kid from school, so aunts, cousins, once even a grandmother, liked to hit on me, grab my biceps and ask for some help around their houses, offering themselves up as payment. It skeeved me out to no end and I was disgusted at the way women threw themselves at me. I usually tried to send them Paul's way but with him recent imprint on Jake's sister, Rachel, his whoring ways have come to an end. When the doors opened and the thundering of little feet could be heard, I perked up, looking for my niece. She was tall, all long legs like her parents and had the brightest smile I'd ever seen. It even rivaled Jake's. "Uncle Seth!" I heard her voice before I saw her. I was distracted by a scent I knew couldn't possibly be right here right now. "Uncle Seth, come meet my new teacher!" Sarah's hand was in mine and due to my height I could see exactly who we were going to speak to. She was here. She was human. She was...still not mine. I nearly bit through my lip when I got closer to her. She smelled so much better than I remembered. "Sarah, you can't run off like that, I have to know who's picking you up," her sweet voice chastised my niece. "Sorry Miss Bella, this is my Uncle Seth." She points at me and I'm still silent. "Uncle Seth?" Bella whispers before correcting herself and she stands a little taller, extending her hand to me, "I knew Sarah was Jacob's daughter the moment I met her but I'm guessing she's Leah's as well? It's good to see you again Seth." I look at her hand, slightly offended. Didn't I mean more to her then a handshake? No, maybe I don't. She doesn't know me. Just because I had this supernatural force causing me to obsess with her, didn't mean she obsessed over me as well. I give her a nod and take Sarah's Hello Kitty bookbag. "Come on Sarah, I got some new paints I want to show you." I start to lead her away, turning just slightly to glance at Bella Swan one more time. She looked put out, sad, disappointed. Well welcome to my reality, soul mate. Over the next few weeks, Leah begged me to pick Sarah up and I refused vehemently. Jake came by and I'd punched my brother in law in the face. I also accused him of knowing Bella was going to be here and keeping it from me. It was right before Halloween when I saw Bella Swan again. This time she was standing on my doorstep, knocking softly on my door. She didn't know I was home. I could have avoided her if I wanted to, but for the life of me I couldn't. I opened the door just as she was stepping off of my porch. "Can I help you with something?" I spoke, leaning shirtless against the door frame. "Um, I was...you see I wanted to," she stumbled over her words and then over her feet. She would have face planted into the wood if I hadn't reached out to catch her. Stupid move. No touching. Her skin felt like silk. I wanted to touch her again. I needed to. But I wouldn't. "Be careful, there's some loose boards I've been meaning to fix." I set Bella straight and stepped back into the door frame quickly putting as much room between us as possible. Nothing was said for what feels like the longest minute in history. "Leah said I should come over here," Bella finally admitted. I thought it might have been the case but I thought better of my sister. "Why's that?" I replied not making eye contact with my imprint. "I um, well the kids are working on a Thanksgiving play and um, Sarah said you were an artist and uh I, I mean we, the faculty thought you could help with some of the sets, painting that is." She spoke so fast, if I was a normal man, I wouldn't have understood. I gave her a nod and walk back into my house, leaving the door open. She took the invitation and followed, closing the door behind her. I heard her gasp and I followed her eyes to my paintings along the walls. "These are beautiful," she whispered, reaching almost touch them before stopping. I want to tell her that they're her. That everything is her but I refuse. I refuse to give in and I refuse to damn her to my life. She's had a normal life since leaving Forks why should I mess it all up. "Drink?" I offered, deciding that one word answers are going to be my best bet. She shouldn't be in here. Her scent will permeate through everything and I'll never get it out. I wouldn't want to. It will be heaven and hell all at once. She declined and pulled some papers out of the messenger bag I hadn't noticed before. I pointed to the couch and she sat and started explaining the project. It isn't rocket science and I'll do anything for her, my niece, not Bella, I have to remind myself, repeatedly. After she finished her speech and I offer very little in return, she stood to leave but before she reaches the door she turns and spoke so quietly, "Did I do something to make you angry with me, Seth? I thought we were friends?" I shook my head at her and pointed to the door. "You should go while you still can." If she stayed here, there'd be no telling what I could do, what my instincts would force me to do. I wanted to keep her here, lock her away so she couldn't leave me again. I smelled the salt from her tears as she exited my house. I laid across the couch, hugging the pillow her long hair had brushed against while she sat there, to my chest inhaling the sinly scent. I let out a small whine and didn't move for the rest of the night. I worked at the school after normal hours and sometimes I'd see Bella, she wouldn't speak to me and whenever she had an idea or some other project, she'd send someone else to tell me. It was frustrating and