A/N: I'm not so new to this. I've stepped away for a long time. This is a new profile. I won't tell you who I was before lets just start a new and get to loving what we love. Non Canon fan fiction. This is the first of many I'm going to have in the works through the summer. I'm running unbeated and this is my first run in a very very long time so give me some slack. I love feedback. I love reviews. Hell, I'll even take requests. Let's do this thing. I love you all. -A No use Fighting Destiny: A Paul and Bella Story For five long years Bella-leech-lover-Swan has been paraded all around the rez and was constantly in my way. Almighty-Alpha-Jake had finally stopped chasing her tail after the millionth time he'd been friend zoned but that didn't stop her from always being around. I swear her scent was impossible to wash away and she was always so damn nice. Sure, Leah had taken her under her wing and gave her some major bitch lessons. It was a privilege to witness Swan telling off the marshmallow Newton from Forks. Every day for a whole summer he'd asked Swan to go to dinner or a movie. He'd follow it up by saying as friends but everyone could see he wanted more than friendship. Swan wasn't horrible to look at and that summer put some images in my spank bank but seeing her tell Newton she'd rather jump off a cliff, again, then go on a date with him was priceless. He sputtered and tried to recover the moment by going in for a kiss when Swan kneed him in the balls. The whole pack had been out that day, enjoying the warmth and howls rang out down the beach as Newton hit the sand. He didn't come back for a while and suddenly Swan needed a new job. Life hadn't changed much for me in five years. Some of the guys settled into their perfect lives but not me. There were different girls every night if I wanted and sometimes I'd partake in the goodies dangled in front of me. Other times I'd spend with my pack. Work. Patrol. Pack. Pussy. That was my life until now. It was a normal day. I was up at the ass crack of dawn for patrol to relieve tweedle Dee and tweedle dumb, otherwise know as Embry and Quil, I ran my routes, up toward the Swan house in Forks and along the border of the old Leech Crypt. After that, I grabbed a bite at Emily's and went home for a nap. I had an afternoon job and wanted a few uninterrupted hours of sleep before heading out. Then my doorbell rang. I ignored it. Then came some very loud knocking. I still ignored it. Then she plowed into my house like a tornado, screaming at me at the top her lungs. I jumped out of bed and scrambled to find clothes before she came through the door but it was too late. She swung open my bedroom door and I could practically smell the fury rolling off of her in waves. "Tell me it's not true, Paul. Tell me right now." Swan may be five foot tall and only a hundred pounds soaking wet but she was an emotional chick. "Back it up, Little Bird," I cooed at her in an attempt to placate her anger, "now tell me what I did to make you so mad." I was looking for my shorts, aware that my nakedness hadn't distracted my visitor. Once I found them and pulled them over my legs to rest on my hips, I was poked repeatedly in the chest. Apparently, I'd screwed a few of Swan's former classmates and one of them ran into Swan and was boasting about my sexual prowess. Not to pat myself on the back or anything but I've never left a woman unsatisfied. Swan was still poking and ranting and raving about fake blonde hair and fake tits. If I was more awake I would have been impressed and a little more turned on hearing the word tits pass Swan's lips. I also should have felt ashamed that I literally had no idea who she was talking about. "What's it matter who I sleep with anyway, Little Bird," I sneered in her direction, rubbing the remnants of sleep from my eyes before continuing, "if I didn't know better, I'd say the Little Bird was jealous." The poking stopped when I realized I'd been circling her like prey but all that ceased when Swan let out a kitten like growl, "you stupid, insensitive, egotistical..." the insults kept firing and then so did other things in my room. Maybe she broke her finger poking my rock hard chest. When a pillow hit me in the face, I lost it. I tackled Swan onto my bed and pinned her down. By making her immobile, I also stopped the assault on my body. As I inhaled a breath to cease the shaking in my bones, I smelled the sweetest torture. If I thought Swan's scent was impossible to escape before, the scent of her arousal was beyond comprehension. I let out a small wolf like whine and only then did her yelling stop. "Are you even listening to me, Lahote?" She was struggling under my hold, wiggling her tiny body and that wasn't helping matters any. "I'm listening, Swan. I'm just distracted by this delectable scent coming from between your legs." She screeched and fought under me once again so I ran my nose up the side of her neck, savoring the tart and womanly scent. "Paul?" She called, obviously trying to catch my attention but I liked how my name came off her lips in a breathy moan. "Paul, look at me." As if commanded, I did. I looked at Swan and then I couldn't stop. Her mouth was moving but there was a ringing in my ears, and I'd become immobile. Had her eyes always looked like that? Had this perfect, tiny, beautiful woman been within my reach for years? Fuck. No. No imprint mojo. I knew Swan was bangable. I spanked my meat to her on the regular. But those eyes. They said so damn much. "I have to go." I let go of Bella's arms, inspecting them for bruises. Oh fuck, tell me I didn't hurt her. I had to get out of this house. Her scent. Those eyes. Fuck. Those eyes. How had I never seen them before? I had to of. This wasn't possible. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. "I'll be back. Don't, don't leave Little Bird." I called from the hallway as I tried to escape my home before I escaped my skin. I heard her trying to follow after me but I was faster. Stepping off my back porch and into the woods, I felt my bones crack and heard my clothes shredding. Fuck. Fuck. Fucking shit. Tell me I didn't just do that. I let my thoughts wander to that moment. Replaying it over and over. I really saw Bella Swan. Not the leech lover. Not Jake's girl. My girl. My imprint. My everything. That was when I realized I wasn't alone. I heard the growl just before I felt the impact but it was the scream from behind me that stopped me from instinctively fighting back. "Paul!" My name again fell from Bella's lips. I turned my head to see tears running down her cheeks. She had come off my back porch and was slowly approaching the giant Jake wolf that was kicking my ass. I let out a whine when Jake got a good hit and my Little Bird started picking up pine cones and sticks, throwing them at Jake. "Jacob Black, stop it!" She screamed between throws. She was strong. She was brave. She was mine. I heard Leah and Seth in my house before I saw them and I knew they'd get Bella away safely, so I turned to the wolf who dared challenge me in front of my mate. Letting out a nasty snarl, I tackled him into the woods, sinking my teeth into his hind leg all while letting my mind think of everything I wanted to do to my Little Bird. Cause she was MINE. He'd learn that today. For what felt like the longest time, I've been waiting for this moment. Bella Swan is my best friend. Alpha-Superior-Pants likes to claim 'best friend' status but she and I knew very differently. At first, I was indifferent to the vampire magnet of a girl but then I actually spoke to her and truly listened to what she said. She and I were very much alike. Both of us enduring broken hearts as well as a taste of unrequited love and our biggest similarity was the fear of being in love. Bella and I were roommates, sisters and best friends when Charlie married mom three years ago. They moved to his house in Forks while Seth and I stayed in La Push. It wasn't long before Bella escaped down here with us. She came in with a duffle bag mumbling about newlyweds. Once Bella moved in, she implemented family dinners and what she called "sibling dinners." I blamed her only child syndrome for her compulsive behaviors. So Mom, Charlie, Seth, Bella and I had dinner every week and Bella , Seth and I had our own dinner whenever schedules allowed . It was the first sibling night that Bella and I solidified our sisterly bond. Long story short, Sam had come into my house, unwelcomed of course, demanding Seth and I join them for a 'pack only' dinner at his home. Emily's house. Bella threw a frying pan at him. I howled with laughter as she laid into him about shoving Emily in my face and about her 'Jake approved' sibling nights, claiming she didn't need Sam's approval since she'd gotten what she wanted from Alpha-Superior-Pants. It was the funniest thing I'd ever seen. Bella was brave, stupid but brave and she stood up for her family. When Bella drunkenly admitted to finding Paul Lahote, pack man-whore, irresistible, I'd spit my soda literally in her face. She cried about how she couldn't love Jake the 'right way' and how 'normal' boys didn't get her motor running. Apparently, Paul did though. Gag. Tit for tat, I ended up telling Bella how I felt about Embry Call and she took it upon herself to play cupid and get us together. She kept saying it would be great, that it would be perfect. It took eight months for me to admit it out loud to anyone besides Bella and for me to accept an actual date from Embry. I hate when she's right. Bella was trouble. Not only was she a supernatural magnet, but human boys liked to give her a hard time too. The Forks boys flocked to her and she detested them. I started giving her self defense lessons after her 'co-worker' felt her up at the Christmas party at work. Paul was oblivious to Bella most of the time but everyone noticed how he went on whoring binges after spending more than twenty minutes around her. I hadn't noticed it until Embry pointed it out. Bella had pulled me from the darkness, so I needed to return the favor. Sam had made the comment that Paul hadn't -actually- looked at Bella and it got me thinking. It was easy to find a Forks hootchie that Paul had banged, so I offered her, well threatened her, a bit of a deal. She got free car maintenance at the Pack's garage for a year and she got to torment Bella all at the same time. I wonder if I could persuade Embry to cut her break lines... Bella had come home last night ranting and raving about the Forks girl.