A/N: Hey all. If you haven't please check out my submission for the We love Mobward Contest. It's called One Family and it needs some love. I won 3rd place for one of the judge's picks but sadly I haven't gotten many reviews. Anyway, this is a request from MisfitsBelieveInSherlockHolmes ! I just want to say thank you for the request and I hope I do your request some justice. If you have a request send them to me. I love to hear from you guys. Also, this isn't beta'd so excuse any critical errors. Here goes my first attempt of human drinking, bad ass vampires. Wish me luck! The Exterminator Things hadn't been the same in years. To a vampire it was a blink of the eye but to a human it would have seemed like so much more. I often wondered about the human we'd left behind in the small town of Washington. Did she grow up? Did she get married, have some children? Then my thoughts turned dark. Did she even make it to maturity? Was she dead? If she was it would have been all my fault. No, not my fault. I wasn't to blame for Alice's mistakes. My subconscious liked to berate me for being self deprecating. I was always blaming myself for things that went wrong around me. When Peter and Charlotte were drawn up and about to be quartered in Maria's army, I blamed myself for setting them free. The two of them fought off more than a dozen vampires and Charlotte had the lighter to Maria's head before they decided to just walk out of camp. It had been my fault they were caught in the first place and had I not given away their abandonment of the army, they would have gotten away and wouldn't be nearly as scarred as they were. "Get out of the tree you mopey mother fucker," I heard a hard voice call up to me from more than fifty feet below. "Fuck off," I called back. "Come on Major Pussypants, it's about time you got back out in the real world." A more gentle, yet equally as lethal voice rang out. "Charlotte, I really would appreciate being left alone," I huffed and leaned back against the trunk of the tree, trying to hide from their eyesight. "We can't just let him stay up there, Pete," Charlotte said. "Why not? If he wants to mope, eat Bambi and cry over his lost love we should just let him be." Peter was more reasonable but I didn't like his tone of voice. "Pete, babe, come on, Alice left him, blamed him for turning her into a lesbian and then set his truck on fire. You know how much he liked that truck," Charlotte chided her husband as if I couldn't hear them. "Alice leaving Jasper for Jane of the Volturi is the funniest thing I have ever pictured," Pete laughed and then coughed to cover it, "but that truck was a thing of beauty." "Jasper needs to get laid," Charlotte sounded super serious. "Don't look at me, I ain't letting him near my dick," Pete scoffed and I rolled my eyes. "That's not what I meant you insensitive ass." I heard the sound of Charlotte slapping Peter and laughing into my fist to hide the noise. "He needs to hunt more than he needs to chase ass," Peter called out a little louder, knowing I heard him. Then he started shaking the tree. I liked this tree and didn't want to come down. I didn't want to hunt, Bambi or humans, I didn't want to move. My world for almost eighty years came crashing down around me and I had no idea why. Alice, my sweet Alice, told me she'd fallen in love. That was fine with me. I knew we hadn't been mates when she met me in Philadelphia. There was no mating link, my tingles sent through our bodies whenever we touched and she didn't mind being separated when she went on shopping trips and I came to see Peter and Charlotte. When she told me who she'd fallen in love with, I was taken aback. Jane. A woman, not just any woman, a Volturi guard. Alice, who became suddenly old fashioned, believed she was committing a massive sin against God and for some reason that was my fault. I hadn't pleased her correctly or often enough and that meant she had to seek out the loving touch of a woman. It sounded like a crock of shit to me but I had to admit our sex life hadn't been fulfilling in decades. When I didn't repent my transgressions against her, she screeched so loudly and ran off. Next, I smelled fire. When I made my way outside, my truck was sitting in the driveway, burning. Alice was laughing maniacally claiming that I'd taken something from her so she was taking my most prized possession. That truck I'd been restoring for many years. It had been a classic. Ruby red with tan leather interior, a five speed on the floor with more horsepower than it should have had. It was worth more sentimental value than it had monetarily value and if I could have cried, I would have. After that, I left. I couldn't stand to be in the same house as people who spoke of Alice's actions as justified. Edward and Carlisle spoke of Alice as having a sickness and hoped to be able to cure her with some conditioning. I didn't even want to know what that meant. Rose and Emmett had left half a decade before I did. They said they needed space and the rest of the Cullen clan hoped they would make their way back one day but I knew they'd written the Cullens off for good. Pete was radiating waves of frustration and then determination and I braced myself for impact. I felt him hit the bottom of the trunk of the tree and next thing I knew, I was falling to the ground with a loud thump, leaving an indention in the ground. Charlotte was howling with laughter off to the side as Pete climbed out from under the tree since it fell on top of him. "Did you have to run straight into it?" I asked Peter brushing off my clothes of leaves and the like from the tree. "I had to get you out of there somehow," Peter claimed with a shrug, "Now, get back to the house, pull out them Wranglers, your boots and your cowboy hat, we're going for a good old fashion line dancing night." "No the fuck we're not," Charlotte stated feeling very confident. "I have another idea, but first Jasper needs to feed." She eyed me with scrutiny, curiosity surrounding her but she didn't vocalize her silent question. We made our way back to their cabin and I finally realized where we were. I'd assumed I'd made it to Texas but I just ran away from the Cullens as quickly as possible until I found Peter and Charlotte's scent. We weren't in Texas or any of the lower west but we weren't in the north either. "Is this Tennesee?" I asked Charlotte, taking in the view for the first time since I arrived. "Obviously, where'd you think we were? Hanging out in Texas, just waiting for that manipulative bitch to get her payback on us?" She shook her head and started handing me things from a linen closet just inside the front door of the cabin, "Shoes off, asshole. I don't need you trailing mud on my Brazilian cherry floors." I slipped my loafers off and stretched out my toes. I hated the way those shoes fit my feet. I always felt like I was suffocating from the toes up. "Here, towels, sheets for the bed in your room, go on now. Shower up and then we're going out. And uh, I'll get you some clothes, don't worry about it hun," Charlotte placed a hand on my bicep and I gave her a small smile. I'd left with nothing and honestly had no desire for the things Alice dressed me up in like I was some kind of Ken doll. Once I'd showered, I found the bed made up and a pair of jeans, a t-shirt and a flannel shirt on the bed. I was overwhelmed by the feelings Charlotte was radiating throughout the house. She was concerned but also annoyed with me, which was refreshing. Peter was horny and also annoyed but he had a hint of elation coming from him. It had been almost thirty years since I'd seen the pair of them and yet they welcomed me with open arms and not much of a question as to why. Charlotte drove while Peter talked my ear off about their life here in Tennessee. Charlotte had a job in a department store and Peter was a brokerage consultant. I didn't realize they were productive members of society, with the Cullens we just went to school and tried to blend in. We arrived at a small looking bar and made our way inside. Pete and Charlotte went off to dance and I was left alone at the table. I started to watch the people around me for a good while. There was a burst of lust that I felt through my gift, followed by a strong urge of determination. Before I knew it, a human girl, a beautiful girl, tall, thin, but shapely, made her way over to me and asked me to dance. "I'd love to," I made my way to the dance floor with her and before long we were grinding against each other. She was intoxicated and high off of some kind of substance but I liked the way her perky ass felt against my dick. We made it through three songs before she whispered not so quietly in my ear, asking me to go back to her place. Pete gave me a nod of the head from across the dance floor and I followed after the nameless girl to her place. She lived within walking distance of the bar, which was safer, so she wasn't driving in her condition. The whole way there, I touched her, caressed her, trying to keep my touch on a human level without hurting her. Once we made it inside her apartment, I ripped her dressed off and slammed her against the front door, delving into her breasts, sucking and nipping at her skin. She was high on something else but high on the feeling of me touching her and I nearly lost control with her. I wanted to sink my teeth into her neck while I sunk my dick into her weeping pussy but I refrained. I ended up fucking her for hours. She gave me head and I returned the favor. I had her in the kitchen, on the couch, her bedroom and even in the shower. I was a man possessed and even though I knew nothing could come from it, I enjoyed every minute of it. When I was finally sated, she fell asleep and I exited her apartment. I left with a pep in my step. On my way back to Charlotte and Peter's I came across someone I'd seen in the bar earlier in the night. He was getting handsy with a woman and she was obviously trying to get away from him. I called out to him to make him stop but he didn't. Instead I came up behind him and slammed his head into the brick wall of the building. The woman scampered off crying the whole way. Turning the man around, I held my hand at his throat and spoke in a deathly calm voice, "When a lady says no, that means no. You really should be more polite." He begged for his life in the end but there had been no hope