A/N: This thing is a monster. Over 20 pages in G-Docs. I feel like it could have been an multi chapter story but I'm not really in the market for one of those yet. Maybe this can be expanded one day. This will be the third story posted to my profile and I'd love any requests you have. I think next will be a vamp story so add me to your favorite author lists to get those updates. As always, thank you for reading and I can't wait to hear from you- A Our Happily Ever After Jacob Black was like the brother I never had but I was going to murder him the next time I saw him. He saved me when I didn't want to be saved and he talked me into more trouble than I ever would have gotten into on my own. Not only was Jacob Black my non-biological brother, he was my best friend and a La Push Protector. He phased into a giant wolf in order to protect the tribe from vampires hell bent on eating humans across the lands. Sadly, I was a something like a vampire delicacy. They flocked to me and at one point, I offered to leave town to avoid any more trouble. That was quickly dismissed and I suddenly had a wolf-babysitter more times than not. After the Cullens left me, Jake brought me out of my shell. I'd decided I tried to conform to their idea of perfection instead of what I truly wanted out of life. They all thought I only enjoyed reading and books but I loved to take apart complicated math problems as well. Just because they had lived for centuries and they could figure out problems in their heads didn't make them smarter than me. There was many things I realized once they were gone. I didn't like the way Alice dressed me up like her personal Barbie doll. I liked jeans and regular t-shirts. I didn't want to wear khakis and sweaters and heels to go to school. Another thing that bothered me was the way everyone spoke around me, as if I wasn't there. When the pack first caught wind of a vampire, they asked my opinion. They cared about how I felt and took into consideration what I wanted to do about the problem. After graduating high school, I took classes in Port Angeles, focusing on accounting. I liked it. There wasn't a way to infer the meanings of numbers incorrectly. Either it added up or it didn't. Now, I worked for Jake in his garage, making sure he didn't go bankrupt. Not really, because business was booming and he was the most popular mechanic within a hundred miles. Something that shocked me was my closeness with Leah Clearwater. Everyone spoke about her being unbearable and a major bitch. I found her ruthlessness to be refreshing and her take-no-bullshit attitude was something I admired. She was strong and independent and didn't need any man to define her. The pack liked to call my idolization of Leah a girl-crush and according to Jake, more than a few of them took it to an extreme within their mind link. Quil and Jake used to be really close but Jake joined the pack first, Quil became angry. Their other best friend Embry, who I'd never met, had moved to the east coast just before I moved to Forks so Quil was feeling abandoned. When Quil joined the pack their friendship was renewed but wasn't as close as before. Leah, Jake and I were exceptionally close. I also had a feeling there was something going on with my best friends, romantically but neither one of them would mention it. Leah took me cliff diving once and Jake almost threw her off a cliff. It was so exhilarating and now we did it on a regular basis when the weather allowed. Jake also rebuilt some motorcycles for us and taught me how to ride. My dad wasn't thrilled about it but after supplying me with proper riding gear, he accepted my choice. To the surprise of many people, I dated. Well, I went on dates. Nothing serious had come from my dates. I found I liked to go out dancing, drinking wine and I even like to sing karaoke. Something I learned from knowing vampires was that life could end at any moment and if you don't try things, you'll never know what life might have been like. I didn't want to regret a single thing in life so I did anything that caught my fancy. After my long contemplation, I remembered why I was threatening the life of my best friend. Jake had 'reorganized' my desk while I'd gone to visit my mom in Florida last week. So now my filing system in the garage was out of place and we were a week behind on the books. I heard the bell over the door, signalling a customer and called out that I'd be right there. When I walked into the lobby of the garage, I stopped dead in my tracks. This boy, no man, was all definitely a La Push native, the similarities to those of the pack were undeniable but I'd never seen him before. He was beautiful. Being back in La Push seemed odd. I'd been gone for almost ten years and it seemed like nothing had changed. Everything looked the same except for the giant garage that was planted on the open space Jake, Quil and I used to play football on. The sign read "Black's Motor's" so I knew it had to belong to Jacob and I couldn't help but stop in to see him. Mom had come home one day just before I started high school and told me to start packing that we were moving. She claimed she had a job offer on the east coast and I did what I was told, packing up my whole life into a few boxes. Mom ended up with a brand new car, claiming it as a job perk, and we drove across the country. It was nice to spend time with her. She was constantly working trying to keep our roof over our heads and food in our bellies. That was why I spent so much time with Jacob. I'd left him and Quil without saying a word. When we got to Virginia, where Mom had gotten the job, I felt awkward and didn't fit in well at all. I hit a massive growth spurt and towered over my classmates. Many assumed I was doing drugs or steroids to pump up my body. I did enjoy playing football for the school and even went on to play in college. Coming home to La Push was a no brainer after I lost my mom. She was in a car accident and was killed instantly on impact. I didn't even stay long enough to pack up the house. I used some of the life insurance money and paid someone to pack up and send things out to me in a few weeks. My old house was still vacant but nothing like what I was accustomed to now. It was small, homey and perfect. Mom had bought us a four bedroom house with game rooms. It was extravagant and unnecessary. This was home. I wasn't comfortable in the house for too long and found myself wandering back towards "Black Motor's." I couldn't stop myself from going inside to say hello to my old friend. The bell above the door rang and I heard the softest voice I'd ever heard call out that she'd be right there. I wonder who she was. Jake's wife? Or was she just an employee? When she was finally in my eyesight I stepped back in surprise. She was beautiful. "Welcome to Black's Motor's," she spoke quietly, her cheeks bright with a blush, "How can I help you this morning?" I offered my hand to her, "Embry Call, I um, used to know Jake. I was wondering if he was here?" She placed her small hand in mine and I felt a jolt of electricity run through me. "I'm so sorry, I shocked you," she pulled her hand away from me much too quickly for my liking and continued, "Jake's not here, which is a good thing or my Dad would be locking me in jail for murder." She laughed at her own joke and I started to wonder if she was mentally disturbed. Apparently my inner filter was gone and I'd said that out loud because her cheeks turned bright red. "I'm so sorry." I offered lightly. "No, I'm sorry. My mind gets away from me sometimes." She shook her head, brushing her hair behind her ear, "I'm the accountant and receptionist here and I was out of town and Jake managed to mess up my system and so I'm going to neuter him when I see him, that's all. So to answer your question, no he's not here yet. He was on pat-, I mean he had um, to help Billy with something late last night so he won't be in until mid-afternoon." I noticed how she stumbled over her words and I wondered what she meant to say. Before I could say anything else, Quil came out of one of the bays and scooped me up into a hug. "Embry Call as I live and breathe!" He slapped me on the back and lead me away from the girl. I stopped just in time. "Wait, I didn't get your name." I needed to know it like my life depended on it. "Bella. Bella Swan." She gave me another smile and a wave and went back into her office while Quil chatted my ear off. Life in La Push just got a little more interesting. Meeting Embry Call changed something within me. He gave me butterflies in my stomach that I'd never experienced and I wanted to jump his bones every time he made eye contact with me. When I told Leah she howled with laughter. I'd never gotten so worked up over a man before. I wanted him and I wanted him badly. Jake survived the beating I gave him, with a wrench of course, and then offered Embry a job. It was the sweetest torture having him within a few feet of me all day long. I've sat and just watched as sweat beads rolled down off of his forehead and down his face to his expansive biceps. Three months after Embry Call had moved back to La Push, he asked me on a date. It took me less than thirty seconds to agree and I didn't bother playing hard to get. We went to dinner and he took me dancing in Port Angeles. It was perfect. Embry walked me to the door and kissed me softly on the lips just once before telling me he'd see me at work. That one kiss would have been the death of me. It tormented me all night long. I wanted more of them. I never wanted to stop kissing Embry Call. Had he not enjoyed it? Why did he leave? When I went into work the next morning, I was nursing my third cup of coffee before even getting to my desk. I was exhausted and sleep deprived. I saw Embry in the bay and offered him a wave but he turned back to his work and I locked myself in my office until lunch time. I heard the knock on the door and looked up to see him walking in, sitting across from my desk. "I owe you an apology." I didn't say anything, just leaned back in my chair and waited. "I..I wasn't meaning to ignore you, Bella." He huffs a breath and pushes his shaggy hair out of his eyes. "I have never, ever, felt anything like I did with you last night. I