Penname: Noncanonqueen Beta: Ninkita Story Title: One Family Summary: "Are you hitting on me? I've broken into your house, killed your guards, maimed your pretty face and shot you, and you're trying to hit on me?" She shook her head with a muttered 'unbelieveable' under her breath. Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: Mature for violence and the like. Word Count: 8,893 Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended One Family A knock on the door to my office pulled me from my thoughts and I barked out for whoever it was to enter. Jasper, my brother-in-law and closest friend, moved into the office and dropped down into the chair across from me. He was silent as he looked at me. I hated when he did that. It was almost as if he knew what people were feeling. It was good for roughing guys up but I hated when he did it to me. "Knock it off," I huffed and poured us each a glass of whiskey. "Little early for this, don't you think?" He raised an eyebrow but took the drink willingly. "Why don't you tell me why you're here instead of berating my choices." I slammed the glass down, nearly cracking it. "Well, I know Black didn't have the information you wanted, everyone warned me you were sour sitting up here." He paused but continued on, "Tonight, Emmett is supposed to meet with Peter, who's bringing in the newest shipment from the docks, straight from Ireland." Guns were guns, but when they came straight from Ireland, that was some straight up IRA shit going on. We were loyal to the cause, no doubt. We were Irish first, organized crime second. Last time Peter brought a shipment in himself, I lost five guys because the Volturi family had heard of the delivery and decided they wanted it for themselves. Black was a snitch; he wasn't loyal to anyone but himself. He did what he needed to do, when he needed to do it. He worked with the cops, the feds, the rival families, anyone, to accomplish his goal. His information was normally good, but this time it wasn't. I wanted to know who the trigger man was, who took out my guys the last time Peter was in town. When Black didn't have the information, I was a little pissed and may have shot off his pinkie. I was pretty sure it was lying underneath Jasper's chair as we spoke. I gave Black until the next shipment to have some information for me or he'd be losing more than just his fingers. "Emmett can't go alone. Send him a few guys, just in case." I waved my hand to dismiss him and Jasper knew better than to argue with me. I wasn't getting anything done in the office besides obsessing over the Volturi and their possible attack, so I decided to cut out before I got caught in some other bullshit from the lower guys. Petty squabbles over hundreds of dollars or someone fucking someone else's wife was not my problem. This was organized crime, not high school. The shipment went off without a hitch, but Peter let it be known he was going to be making more trips this way and was expecting us to help him distribute. It was fine with me, meant more money in my pocket, but it also meant more opportunities for the Volturi family to get the jump on us. The Volturi family was notorious. They were the dirtiest of the dirtiest. We ran guns, they ran dope, pills—any drug you could think of, they were manufacturing, distributing and trafficking. Worse than that, they sold girls of any age into human trafficking circuits, never to be heard of again. I wasn't self-righteous by any means—I've killed plenty of people before, my first coming when I was sixteen years old—but even I had limits to the extent of illegal activities I'd be part of. It didn't help that amongst the Volturi there wasn't a lick of loyalty. Each member of the family believed someone else should be in charge, someone else was screwed over, and that certain members deserved more credit than they were given. It was possible a son or nephew could kill a higher up member of their family, just to take their spot. No loyalty. That was the difference between us and them. Our family would die for each other—we'd done it many times over—and would never allow anything to happen to the innocent members of our family. The women and the children had always been off limits when it came to any forms of retaliation within my organization. You got beef with the old man, don't take it out on his old lady and don't fuck his chick on the side either. Stay classy. Two months went by without any word from Black and I was ready to pull my hair out by the roots. My shipments had been ambushed the last two weeks, and while I hadn't lost any men, I'd lost almost a third of product. That didn't sit well with me. I couldn't find Black, but my piranhas were anxiously awaiting their next meal, because he had a date with them. Not only did he not get me my information in the allotted time period, but he was dodging me and hiding as well. Trying to relax some, I decided to run on the treadmill that sat in the middle of my home gym, pushing myself to my limit. Sweat was pouring down my bare chest and before I realized it I had run five miles, so I powered down the machine. It had slowed down to almost a crawl when I felt a knife at my throat and a gun barrel at my back. Instinctively, I reached out for the arm of the attacker. "You move, hell, you breathe and I'll slit your throat," her voice was angelic but the words that came out of her mouth were anything but. "Look, I don't know who you are or what you want, but I'll give you a free pass. You leave now and I won't have my guards kill you for breaking into my house," I nearly growled out. "Not happening. I've been waiting my whole life for this moment. Notorious Cullen." She sneered my surname and her knife nicked my Adam's apple. "Easy, princess. There are a lot easier ways for me to make your dreams come true, you didn't have to resort to violence," I cooed at her in my most seductive voice. "Keep it in your pants, fucker. You took something from me, so now I'm going to take something from you." Her hands weren't the steadiest, so I wondered if she'd done this before, on top of wondering who the hell she was. "Does the name Swan mean anything to you?" The barrel of her gun pushed into my kidney and I let out a yelp. I knew the Swan name, but I didn't know what this had to do with right now. "All the Swans are dead, what's it to you?" I didn't want to hurt this girl before knowing why she was in my house, but her shaking hand was about to get me killed before I got my answers and she got hers. "Wrong. So wrong." She moved her knife and dragged it down my cheek, I felt the skin split and hissed out a few choice words. "The Volturi are taking over the Irish guns. You show up again to get them, and you're all dead. You've been warned." I was boiling with anger. Close to snapping, I growled, "Who the fuck are you to issue a Volturi warning?" "Me? Oh, I'm sure you've heard of me, I'm Isabella, Isabella Swan." She literally cackled, patted my cheek where she'd cut me, smearing the blood down my face and danced away. "Next time I see you, Cullen, only one of us is walking away." I didn't know what that crazy bitch's issue was with me, but I needed to find out. My security team in the house had all been shot at and disarmed; two were dead. Unsurprisingly, Jasper and Emmett insisted that one of them would be with me at all times, from that point on. When Black showed up at the club where I kept my office a few days later, Jasper nearly shot him. I sat down in my chair with a sigh and lit a cigarette. Black came bearing information. "Boss, you're never gonna believe this," Black spoke, giddily like a child would be. "I have the best news for you." I waved for him to continue and hoped he wasn't just putzing around. "Look, Boss, the Swans, they were a big deal way back when. It was like forever ago." Black looked at Jasper then at Emmett before he took the seat down between the two. The Swan family's New York reign hadn't been that long ago. I remember it well because it was when I first started working for Grandfather. He and Charlie Swan had a mutual respect for each other and tried to avoid stepping on each other's toes. "So I guess Charlie, that's the Swan guy, he had a daughter. A girl, Boss. No boy, just a girl." I had my lunch sitting on the table, untouched, and Black eyed it like he hadn't eaten in a month. He was constantly eating whenever anyone saw him. "But uh, well I guess her Mom was popped and no one knows how or who did it." Black shrugged not elaborating much further. I let out a sigh and pushed the plate of food toward him, and he perked right up. In between bites he spoke, "Then I guess Charlie ended up down with the fishes in the Hudson. Some say you guys killed Swan, others say he killed himself, nobody knows the exact truth." "So, how did the Swan girl end up with the Volturi?" I was losing my patience with Black and was ready to cap his kneecaps and watch him crawl out of my office. "Guess she was adopted or something," he shrugged and let out a large belch. "Heard she might be marrying one of those Volturi creeps. Dunno which one though." Every two days, Black showed up, asking for lunch in return for at least some information. The first time he returned he told tales of the Volturi boasting about taking out our members. How they sat, drinking and smoking, with plenty of women at their disposal as they spoke of which of our women they'd like to bed. Which then would lead to a conversation about which Cullen would be the most fun to kill. The second time that week, he regaled us with tales from within the Volturi organization, of two higher up soldiers who weren't on board with a lot of Volturi practices as of late. This didn't help me any, but Black seemed confident. "If they don't like the Volturi anymore, maybe they'll help me with some kind of information for you, Boss. I'll find out." Black was gone as soon as the food was, each and every time he visited. He was paid well for his information but always got his extra compensation of food. The next time I saw Black that week he let me know the Swan girl had a meeting for her "Uncle Aro" in the city, some kind of charity-type gig early the next week. "Guess Marcus was the one that adopted her," Black had said during his lunch. "She's deadly though, that's what those two guys I know said. They couldn't take her in a fight." I knew all about how deadly she could be, but Black didn't need me to confirm his story. Marcus was the second son of the former head of the Volturi family. His brother Aro, had been born eighteen months before