TFLN Contest Title: Awkward by Morning Summary: "Uh, Bella? What does this text from Jasper mean?" She cocked her head and eyed her husband in speculation. "Just how much do you remember about last night?" Pairing: Emmett/Bella, Edward/Seth Prompt(s) used: (845): What hospital were we in last night? Insurance needs to know and (519): and by charming I mean he has a horse cock. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Awkward by Morning The insistent, annoying beeping of his phone finally dragged him reluctantly from sleep sometime late in the morning. He groaned when the bright sunlight hit his barely-opened eyes, and he dragged a massive hand down his face in an effort to either wake up further, or possibly go back to sleep. His phone beeped loudly once more, giving him little choice in the matter. He reached blindly to his left, hoping his phone was sitting on the nightstand where he usually left it. Of course, it wasn't there. He nearly knocked the lamp off and did manage to send a glass to the floor before his fingers encountered an intriguing piece of lace and silk. A muffled moan beside him brought his attention to an enticing stretch of pale flesh and lush brown hair as his wife burrowed deeper into the king-sized comforter she was hoarding. "Get your phone, Em," she whined. Bella was not a morning person. The whole bed jolted as he sat up and swung his feet down to the floor, stretching with another loud groan. "Any idea where my phone is, babe?" One small hand worked its way from the navy and grey cocoon, pointing in the general direction of the window. "Check your pants, Em. I think you threw them over there somewhere." His head was pounding as he shuffled his way to the window, only slightly surprised to find his jeans draped over the curtain rod, letting the sun through the normally dark drapes. He didn't remember everything about the night before, but he did know his wife was especially eager to get to bed. Maybe it was the leftover alcohol in his system, or the fact that it just plain didn't make sense, but he read the text from his brother at least three times before turning to his wife. "Uh, Bella? What does this text from Jasper mean?" Bella wasn't the least bit hung over, since she couldn't drink at all. She was still extremely disgruntled with her brother-in-law though, and she frowned as she read his text- What hospital were we in last night? Insurance needs to know.- J Of course he would text Emmett before asking his own wife. Jasper was so whipped. She was sure that Alice knew every detail of the incident, down to the make and model of the now-desecrated blender. Though Bella wouldn't hold her breath on getting a new one any time soon. She cocked her head and eyed her husband in speculation. "Just how much do you remember about last night?" Emmett was starting to worry. He was pretty sure he'd nailed his wife the night before, based on the panties decorating his nightstand and her beautiful nude body in their bed. He knew he'd had a bit too much to drink, but his parents had offered to watch the kids, and their friends and siblings had come over for a rare grown-up night of fun. He thought back to the start of the night. He'd been late getting off work, and half their guests had already arrived when he finally made his way home. Bella was laughing with her best friend, Rose, as they mixed virgin drinks for themselves. They were finally both pregnant, and Rosalie had a smile that wouldn't stop. Rose had met her husband, Jake, when Bella finally convinced her to go to the police about her abusive ex-boyfriend. It was a long, sometimes turbulent courtship, but Jacob had eventually won her over with his gentle words and easy smile. After their marriage, Rose and Jake had struggled with getting pregnant, while Bella and Emmett had the opposite problem. After their second accidental pregnancy, their friends and family liked to tease them, saying that Bella would get pregnant if Emmett sneezed on her. Now, after eight long years with many awkward, pain-filled conversations between them, Rosalie was celebrating her twelfth week of pregnancy, right behind Bella at eighteen weeks. The wedge that had formed between the two best friends was slowly being chipped away with the shared experience. Emmett kissed both ladies—Rose on the forehead, and Bella a bit more passionately—and left them both giggling in the kitchen as he made his way to the den. Jacob was there, along with Emmett's brother, Jasper, and Emmett settled himself on the sofa between them. He hadn't seen his sister-in-law yet, but he knew Alice was hovering somewhere in the wings, disapproving as usual. The next few hours passed in a blur of drinks, snacks, and more arrivals. Bella's family showed up—her step-sister, Leah with her husband, Paul made themselves at home right away, while Seth slipped away upstairs somewhere. The wheels began turning in Emmett's mind as he slowly pieced together the fragments of memories. "Babe? Was Edward here?" Bella grinned and nodded, pulling him back toward the bed to speak to him in a conspiratorial tone of voice. "Mmhmm, he was. And he still is…" Emmett had always had a soft spot for Alice's baby brother—in fact, he sometimes felt the only thing positive that Alice brought to the family was Edward. He'd been in middle school when Alice and Jasper were married, and they had all watched him grow from a shy, awkward youth to the handsome, charming young man he was today. Edward had turned to the Cullen family for support when his own parents and sister didn't take too well to his coming out. Edward Masen, Sr. was absolutely appalled that his only son was gay, though he used much more derogatory terms than that. Elizabeth just cried a lot and made sure that Edward felt her disappointment. They didn't go so far as to throw him out, but they ensured that his home life was especially miserable. Alice made the mistake of bringing up the situation at a Cullen family dinner once, one of the first that Bella had attended as Emmett's new girlfriend. The girls had spoken tentatively and were trying to find common interests, when Alice pulled that small bit of ground out from under them. When she began to complain about the fact that her brother suddenly decided he was gay, Emmett didn't even try to hold Bella back. It wasn't just the fact that Bella's own stepbrother was the very definition of 'out and proud,' or that Bella volunteered weekends at the local LGBT youth home, but just the sheer gall that Alice had to talk so demeaning about her own flesh and blood. There was no amount of backtracking that was going to save Alice and Bella's fledgling relationship. Over the years, Edward was more welcome at family gatherings than Alice, who actually wore the Cullen name. After meeting him, Bella had all but adopted him as well, helping him get through those last years of high school and encouraging him to follow his dreams across the country to attend college at Dartmouth. Despite the closeness of the Cullen and Swan families, Seth and Edward had never had an opportunity to meet until just a few weeks earlier. Seth was away at college while Edward was in high school, and the older boy moved back home around the same time Edward left. The timing had just never been right. In the bedroom, Bella was pressing her breasts against Emmett's back and kissing his neck in an attempt to pull him from his hangover. He felt his cock stirring and turned to pull his beautiful wife into his arms. "You're really horny aren't you, baby? Last night and this morning too?" He pulled her around to straddle his lap, pausing a moment to admire her small round belly and large breasts. He loved the upgrades that always came with Bella's pregnancies. Bella giggled as the coarse scruff on his cheeks tickled her sensitive skin when he lowered his head to kiss along her collarbone. "Yeah, except you passed out on me last night," she chided, laughing. "You really can't hold your liquor like you used to." Emmett froze, his eyes widening in shock. He couldn't believe he'd wasted a free night with no kids and he didn't even get laid. "Oh, that's it!" he growled, standing up with his petite wife wrapped around his large body. "We're doing this now ." Always careful, Emmett turned and tossed her onto the bed, cushioning her fall with his large, steady hands. His breath caught for a moment when she looked up at him from her under long, thick eyelashes, her brown eyes hooded with desire. He once again lowered his head to her chest, covering her breasts with wet, open-mouth kisses as he made his way down her body. Bella moaned and arched into his touch, even more responsive than usual due to her pregnancy hormones. Her legs fell open wide with barely a nudge as he settled himself between them and lowered his face to his favorite destination. She pried her eyes open and looked down to see his wide grin and deep dimples as he looked up at her. "Hey, babe." She felt her eyes roll back in pleasure at the first swipe of his tongue through her folds—though he paused just short of her clit—and he answered her frustrated growl with a deep chuckle. "Patience, patience," he teased her, lowering his mouth to taste her again. Bella's hands tangled in his dark curly hair and tugged sharply. "I was patient last night, now get up here and fuck me!" Emmett, however, refused to be dissuaded, slipping in one finger, then two, just to be sure she was ready for him. She couldn't help pressing her hips against his hand, writhing against his familiar touch. When he finally took mercy on her and moved his mouth back to her clit, her whole body shuddered gratefully with her release. She smiled lazily when his face moved back into her view. "I'm sorry I left you hanging last night. I'll make it up to you now." Bella laid there, practically boneless after her intense orgasm, and allowed Emmett to pull her hips to the edge of the bed. He stood in front of her, one hand gently stroking her inner thigh, and the other gripping his cock, ready to push into her. At her gentle nod, he dove into paradise. "Oh, yeah. I'm so sorry, baby. I'm never drinking again—not if it keeps me feeling you like this. Damn, babe." He kept up a steady stream of curses as he thrust his hips against her, working her body as only he knew how, and slowly building that fire in her once more. When she finally felt like she had some strength back, she lifted her legs up to wrap around his sculpted hips. "Come on, big guy. Let me ride you now." Emmett's dimples made another appearance as he sprawled out on the bed and held his hands out to help Bella climb on top of him. This was a view he would never get tired of. Bella rolled her hips, raising herself and lowering while Emmett's large hands helped her keep a steady pace. He groaned when one hand snaked down to touch herself as she rode him, and he bit his lip trying to hold off his release until he could feel her once again tightening around him. She fell forward to collapse on his chest, and he pulled the sheet up to cover her so she wouldn't get too cool as their breathing slowly began to calm. Now