TFLN Contest Title: The Only Running Footman Summary: The park across the street, room 2152 in the science building, the second bench on Harkam Street in front of the cute boutique, the neighborhood Starbucks... In every relationship, there is a special location, one where your heart goes: this is it, this is love. For Edward and Bella, it was The Only Running Footman and the twisted path that led to it. Pairing: Edward/Bella Prompt(s) used: (314) If we can't get laid at a bar crawl, we should just quit life. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Only Running Footman College is supposed to be a time of fun. According to all the television shows and movies I have ever watched, we should be going to parties, getting drunk, having incredible amounts of sex, and somewhere between all that, study and maybe get a job. Needless to say, they lied to Emmett and me. No awesome parties. No booze. Definitely no sex. Plenty of studying and responsible job holding, though. Which led me to a single text from my best friend as I exited my senior year biology class. Dude, bar crawl. - Em I rolled my eyes and texted back, The hell are you talking about? - Ed A bar crawl. A senior year bar crawl. There's a group going, and I scored us invites. - Em Let me guess, Jasper and Alice. - Ed They organized. I got us invited. - Em I'm not going. - Ed Blah blah blah. Not listening. BTW, I finally scored a date with Rose! - Em Okay, so maybe the reason I never did any of the fun college stuff was because I refused to go. 6:35 PM The Apartment Dude, try to look nice tonight, yeah? - Em I rolled my eyes and dumped my bag on the cluttered table. I already told you I'm not going. - Ed Thirty seconds later: Yes, you are. Not debatable. Wear that jacket you got last week. - Em When did you become a fashion expert? And I'm still not going. - Ed I didn't check my phone again until after I got out of the shower. Not me. Alice. Be at the Hole in the Wall 7:30. - Em I squeezed my phone and stomped my foot a couple of times. I was not throwing a tantrum, as my idiot roommate Emmett would have put it. I just knew that I was going to get dragged into this mess when I really didn't want to go. For one, I had a final to study for. For another, since Alice had put this stupid event together, it meant that Bella would be there, and I. Did. Not. Need. That. I have to study tonight. Finals, remember? - Ed You have at least three more years worth of finals. You have to come out. Bring my fedora. - Em It's not a fedora. It's a trilby. - Ed Yes! You're coming! - Em Damn it. He was right. 7:30 The Hole in the Wall I took the Cambridge city bus to The Hole in the Wall. It was a pub not far from the campus that was overflowing with college kids. It worried me a little that I already didn't count myself as one of them. I mean, I wouldn't graduate for another month and then had medical school to get through. It wasn't like I was old. I was twenty-two. I wasn't any different than them. I hopped off the bus and walked across the street to the little white stuccoed pub where Emmett and Alice were waiting. Emmett, my best friend, was thickly muscled and looked absurd in a tan trench coat that would have looked more at home in a steampunk novel. Alice was short, with inky black hair artfully pointing in every direction. She grinned and waved as I jogged toward them. "Edward!" her clipped British accent was quite noticeable. "I knew you'd come." "I don't know why I'm here either," I replied sourly. "A hundred things that I have to do, and I'm at a bar crawl." "Stop grouching." Emmett grinned and snatched his hat from my hand. With it on, he looked like a grade A idiot. He thought he was cool because he looked like the character from L.A. Noire. "We needed to get out. Plus, Bella is here. This could be your best chance to hit that." "Emmett," I growled, more exasperated than truly upset. "Just drop it." "Edward, you should at least try. Come on. I miss Jasper." Alice fluttered into the pub, and we followed. I might have dragged my feet on purpose. The inside of the Hole In The Wall was just what you would expect of a classic English pub, all dark wood and shelves covered in clutter. It didn't matter, though. As soon as I walked in, my whole world narrowed to a point. That point was Bella Swan. She was a classic, dark-haired beauty, with the palest skin I had ever seen. She could have been Snow White walking straight out of the pages of a fairytale. Of course, it was more than just some vague beautiful fairytale, too. Bella was witty. I loved to listen to her debate politics or literature. Bella was a storyteller, and she enraptured me. She also intimidated the hell out of me. I had never been able to say more than ten words to her without sounding like an idiot. I hated it. It fucking sucked, so instead, I loved her from afar. I'd been so obsessed that I had decided to just avoid her, and for the last school year, I had done a good job of it. For the most part, I was able to forget about her, and life moved on. This time was no different. She was smiling, and her skin had taken on a glow from the yellowish light. My mouth was hanging open, and I forgot that I was supposed to be forgetting about her. Two meaty hands thumbed my back. "You should ask her out, dude," Emmett said. I shook myself out from under his hands. "You know it's too late for that." Em shrugged. "Never too late." Emmett and I joined the table where the rest of our friends had congregated. There was Alice and her fiancé Jasper, Bella, Rosalie, Angela, Tyler, Jessica, Benjamin, and Tia. I sat on the opposite end from Bella and tried my damndest to ignore her. We sat around for a hour or so. We commiserated about finials; Alice couldn't stop talking about her wedding. Angela was expecting, which was a good thing, since someone had to stay sober. Emmett flirted with Rose, who was mostly impervious, and Bella was oddly quiet. Still, that didn't mean anything to me. Or it shouldn't have, anyway. Bella was nothing to me, just a friend of a friend. That was all. Just someone that I talked to in the hallways occasionally. That was it. Or that should have been it. In a perfect world. Dammit. What was wrong with her? Jasper broke my worries when he raised his half-full glass of Guinness and offered a toast. "To four long years of university being almost over, and to getting completely smashed in celebration." A chorus of cheers went up from our little end of the pub and from close-by tables who had overheard and were doing the same thing that we were. A few of us were well on our way to smashed, a few others working on it, and the rest patiently waiting to see what would happen next. Bella, I noted, had an empty glass on the table in front of her. Emmett belched loudly, and everyone laughed, even though they wouldn't think it so funny if they lived with him. It was going to be a long night. The Quiet Woman 8:50 PM Somehow I ended up in the back seat of a car with Bella. How did this happen? What god did I anger? Let me make this very clear. Bella may be on the shorter side, but she is all leg. The skirt she was wearing was almost non-existent, and those legs, well let's just say I felt like a dog, which is disgusting and chauvinistic, and I should know better, but that was how I felt. I'm an awful person. The backseat was small, I was suffocating, and it was far too hot. It was only after I got over the lust-induced haze that I realized I was as far from Bella as I could get. It was only the two of us back there, and I was pressed up against the door like she had the plague or something. Well, I suppose she did, but it was one that only I was subject to. That still wasn't an excuse to be rude. I smiled sheepishly and scooted back over in my seat. She may be completely out of my league, but that didn't mean that I had to be rude. She rolled her eyes and continued looking out the window. "I was beginning to wonder if I had sprouted horns or something." "Nope, nothing so dramatic." I chuckled at my bad joke, and she acted like she hadn't even heard. Man, I had really pissed her off. Great, just great. "Look, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean anything by it, honest. You just intimidate me a little. That's all." Bella finally turned her brown eyes on me. "You're twenty-two years old, Edward, and you're going to be a doctor. I think it's time to stop being intimidated by women." I wanted to tell her that it wasn't women, just her, but I was taken aback by how upset she was. She was normally so even-tempered and bright. Maybe it wasn't just me she was upset about? I was a little startled by the yearning in my chest to reach out and touch her, to reassure her that I really didn't mean anything by it. That was hardly appropriate, though, but I did catch her eyes and hold her gaze. "Bella, really, I'm sorry. Friends?" She blinked, allowing her troubled chocolate brown eyes to clear a little. "It's okay. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to jump down your throat." "S'okay." I shrugged. "Say, where's Jake? I hardly see you guys without the other anymore." Did I mention Bella had a boyfriend? Oh, yeah, forgot that detail. Her face hardened again, and she turned to glare out the window. "He decided that he didn't want to go out tonight. Jackass." I didn't know what to say, and she didn't say anything else. It was a quiet ride. The Silent Lady was a dive bar. The whole group of us, now about forty members strong, was cramped shoulder to shoulder, elbow to elbow, like sardines in a can. Even for all its discomfort, it was my favorite pub in town. I liked all the old pictures on the wall. It was like the place was soaked in layers of history. It was a constant reminder that we were hardly the first to sit here, drink beer, and clumsily hit on girls, and we wouldn't be the last. It was a comforting thought, to me a least. Someone had produced a pack of playing cards, and I was watching a game of poker that Emmett was trying to show off at for Rosalie, when Bella approached me. She sat on the chair next to me and leaned over so that her lips were but a brush length from my ears. She was so close that I could feel the warmth seeping off her, smell the fruity scent of her shampoo, and feel the ends of her hair that fell out of her bun brush against my face. She had never been so close to me, and I was struck dumb by her presence.