TFLN Contest Title: Wish Upon a Star Summary: Disney World isn't Edward's version of an ideal vacation, but can a brown-eyed princess change his mind and make his dreams come true? Sometimes you can't escape the magic. Pairing: Edward/Bella Prompt used: (407): i went to disney world today with my friends, met snow white, then saw her later at a bar. she is naked next to me in her bed, passed out. when you wish upon a star… Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Wish Upon A Star Knock. Knock. "Edward? Come on! We wanted to leave at eight and it's already ten after." "Yeah, Ed, let's get a move on. We need to zip-a-dee-doo-dah out of here. Right, little Cinderella?" "Edward! Let's go go go! Imma princess! You hafta see my dress!" "Okay, okay," I grumbled, finally opening the door, only to be almost knocked over by a charging four-year-old. I caught her and swung her into my arms. Or at least I assumed it was her. Mainly, there was a huge mass of sparkly blue dress. I glanced at Rose, but her rolling eyes seemed to be telling me to play along. So I studied the smiling little face I knew so well while acting like I didn't. "Excuse me, miss. Do I know you? I was expecting Emily McCarty, but you're obviously a princess." "Edward!" She giggled, placing her hands on either side of my face. "It's me! Emily! I'm just wearin' a Cinderella dress. And I'm gonna meet Cinderella today. And Ariel a'cus I have to tell her I sleeped in a room with all her friends in it. And maybe Rapunzel. And Minnie Mouse. And ride all the rides. Even the scary one! Edward, you hafta ride the scary ride with me so I won't be scared, 'kay? Oooh and we can get Mickey ice cream and cotton candy and chocolate and –" "Whoa," Rose interrupted, taking her little princess from me. "You need to take it down a notch or no sugar for you at all today. Got me?" That shut little Cinderella up fast. She quickly nodded, sliding down to the ground before grabbing her daddy's hand and pulling him toward the elevator. Her Daddy who, as I just noticed, looked ridiculous. "Em!" I barked out a laugh as I shut the door to my own Little Mermaid inspired room behind me. "What the hell are you wearing?" He turned back, grinning. "What? Rosie thought it was fitting to my personality." "Daddy's goofy," Emily agreed. I happened to agree too, but that didn't mean he needed to wear a t-shirt with that dog on the front and back along with a large green hat that included long black ears and Goofy written across it in huge letters. "But does he have to advertise it? I know we're at Disney, but come on." Couldn't he have dressed a little more normal? At least I wouldn't be attracting attention in my gray UDub shirt. And though Rose was wearing a shirt with Minnie Mouse on the front, it wasn't too crazy. It was bad enough I was vacationing here with them. Of course Emmett had to find a way to make it even more embarrassing for me. "Don't even bother," Rose mumbled, patting my arm. "Now let's go catch a bus. Princesses and rides all day. Right, baby girl?" Emily squealed, jumping up and down and slipping her free hand into mine. She quickly led the way, dragging Emmett and I behind her while Rose laughed her ass off at my expression. What had I gotten myself into? XXXX "We have to survive five more days of this?" I leaned back on the bench, stretching my tired legs. "Holy shit, Rose," I whispered. "I thought I was in great shape but good grief." Rose chuckled, shaking her head as she slapped my knee. "Oh come on, you big baby. You know you love it." She paused and nudged me so we could both smile and wave as big and little Em flew by us in an elephant. Dumbo was Emily's favorite ride this year, but Rose and I had both drawn the line after riding it once. "It's the happiest place on Earth, you know." "Sure," I huffed. "Is that like the 'happiest cruise that ever sailed'? Because I beg to differ on that." I was never going to get that fucking song out of my head. And Emily was already talking about wanting to ride it again to see all the pretty dolls. The things I did for that kid. She had me here at Disney with them, after all. I wasn't a Disney fan by any means. Sure, I'd seen most of the movies Em loved because she'd forced me, but this wasn't my version of an ideal vacation. Emily knew how to work me though and since I'd skipped out on their trip down here last year, I hadn't been able to get out of it this time. Today the things she'd conned me into had included ride after ride after ride. It was only about three in the afternoon, but we'd already hit every ride on Emily's must list and were now going for a couple of second times. She thought she was in charge today when Rose actually had a master plan that kept both of her children appeased. Emmett had been boasting plans of thrill rides to me for weeks which we'd be getting to later this week, but really he seemed just as happy as Emily on the tamer rides "So what's the plan for the rest of the day?" Rose hummed, checking her phone. "Well, we have fast passes to see the princesses at four, so we'll probably go have a snack after this. Then I'm guessing maybe one more ride but we'll probably just head back to the resort for dinner and an early bedtime. We'll do parade and fireworks another night when my child has had a nap." "She's doing pretty good today, though," I said, wanting to give Rose some credit. For years, she'd faced a lot of shit in regards to even having a kid, but she was just as much of a kick-ass mom now as she was at nineteen when Em was born. And Emily was definitely an awesome kid. Of course, all the practice Rose had had with Emmett, the overgrown child, definitely helped. "Yeah, she is," Rose agreed. "We had a crash course when we came for the first time with your parents last year so I know how to handle Disney and the Ems. And speaking of . . . " She paused as the other half of our crew came running over. Unfortunately for all of us, Emmett hadn't lost his goofy hat on the ride. "Edward!" Emily yelled as she jumped into my lap. "Didya see how high I was? I could see everything all around!" "I did see you. You were so high, dude." "Mommy, can we go again?" "I'm game," Emmett said, rubbing his hands together. "You could do that . . . or we can go get a snack and then go meet some princesses. So which one?" Emily gasped and started bouncing on her knees on my lap, so I quickly moved her over to the bench to save myself from any damage. "Princesses! Mommy, we hafta meet the princesses! Cinderella! She has to see my dress a'cus I look like her! Daddy, we can see the princesses instead of Dumbo again, okay?" He shrugged with a grin. "Sure thing, baby girl. Can I get my picture made with the princesses, too?" Emily pursed her lips as she thought about it. "I think you needa ask Mommy 'bout that." Emmett laughed loudly, probably disturbing everyone around us. "Well, what do you say, Rosie? Am I allowed to meet some princesses? Some I haven't met in the bedroom yet?" "Oh gross," I mumbled to myself. I did not need to know what kinky shit they were into. I knew way too much about either of them already, thanks to living together for over four years. Somehow I'd avoided this fact. "How did you meet princesses in your bedroom?" Emily asked, crossing her arms in front of her. "Did they come over while I was sleeping? I wanna meet them, too!" Emmett laughed some more, prompting another eye roll from his wife. "No, sweetheart. Daddy just means movies on TV. When we have movie day in our bed." "Oh." Little Em nodded, obviously appeased by that bullshit. Thank God for Rose's quick thinking "Now," Rose said, standing up and taking Emily's hand. "How about we go try to find a table while you boys round us up a snack." "Aye aye, captain." Emmett saluted and turned to skip off toward one of the quick snack stations. Having no other choice, I followed my best friend and started wondering — for probably the thousandth time — if he'd been dropped on his head as a baby. "Can you act maybe half your age?" I asked as we took our spot in line. "Nah. Where's the fun in that?" "The fun in that would be for the kids. You know . . . whom this place is for?" "Ed, Ed, Ed." He shook his head and slapped my back. "You have to embrace the magic, man. Don't think about age or whatever other reasons you shouldn't like this place. Nothing says grown men can't love Disney." The look he received from the lady in front of us seemed to tell a different story, but that didn't stop Emmett McCarty. "This is vacation, and we're all here to have fun, not just Little Em. So take that stick out of your butt and live a little. I saw you smiling on the Little Mermaid ride." "I was smiling at Em." "And Winnie the Pooh." "Em said something funny." "And on the teacups." "I was trying not to hurl." "And on the Haunted Mansion." I glared at him. "It's dark on that ride so how do you know?" "At the end with the mirrors." He smiled smugly. "That hitch-hiking ghost was hilarious. Don't lie." I sighed because he had me there. That shit was kind of funny. "Okay, okay. I guess it's not so bad. But that doesn't mean I'm going to be skipping around like you are. At least act a little older than your daughter." "No promises, man," he said as he stepped up to give his order. "No promises." After loading up on orders of plain and chilli cheese fries along with drinks for all of us, we headed to find Rose and Emily. They had luckily found a table with four chairs so we were able to sit and eat our snack which calmed both the Ems until Rose announced it was time to get in line for the princesses. That set off the jumping and skipping again. Even though we had fast passes, we still had to stand in line. After a few minutes of standing, Emily decided it was too much for her so she wound up in my arms with her arms wrapped around my neck. "Are you having lots of fun, Edward? I'm having lots of fun. I love, love, love Disney World!" "I'm having lots of fun with you ," I said, kissing her cheek. "This is the best bacation ever!" she announced, loud enough to earn us a few glances. Like father, like daughter. But she had cuteness working in her favor so most people were smiling at us. "And now we get to meet princesses! I'm so essited! Are you essited, Edward?" "So excited." I smiled, hoping that was convincing enough. "Good. We can get our picture together! With Cinderella!" Her eyes widened as she grinned. "Edward, you can put it on your phone! On your lockeded