TFLN Contest Title: Things That Matter the Most Summary: Bella has everything. Good grades, 2 best friends, a boy-toy to pine after. So why does she want something more? And more importantly, how the hell did she end up with the star quarterback's shy, weirdo cousin's phone? Pairing: Edward/Bella Prompt(s) used: (339): I remember sitting in your lap naked saying I don't want to be all looks while you gently rocked me back and forth Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Things That Matter The Most E: What do you remember of last night? B: Who is this? E: Who is THIS? B: I asked you first. E: ….. B: Hello? E: Sorry. B: WHO IS THIS? E: Edward? B: Edward who? E: Cullen. We're in the same English class. B: Are we? E: I sit all the way in the back with the earphones on. B: Ohhhhh that's you! E: Yeah. B: Well, we took each other's phones, and I'm too hungover to remember what happened. E: We made out last night and you must have forgotten it on your way out. B: Crap. E: Yeah. B: We made out last night? E: You must have been really wasted. B: Crap! E: You said that already. B: Shut up. E: Hey, don't get angry at me. I'm not the one who left her phone. B: Just tell me where you are so I can come get it! E: Why do you want it so badly? B: Because it's MY PHONE! E: So? B: So what? What do you mean so? It's MINE! E: *smirky emoji* B: What? E: You had fun last night? B: That's beside the point! E: What do you remember? B: I remember sitting in your lap naked saying I don't want to be all looks while you gently rocked me back and forth. E: Yeah. B: That's all you can say, is yeah? No wonder you're failing English. E: Ha ha. Professor is corrupted is all. B: He is kinda a douche. E: Completely. B: We're getting off topic. Can I have my phone back? Today?! E: Say the magic words. B: What? Please? E: Nope. B: Then what? I don't have all day. E: We've been texting all morning. B: Just TELL MEE DAMMIT. E: You're so cute when you're mad. B: Oh, I'm not even mad. You just frustrate the shit out of me. E: Awwwww B: Cut it out! E: Why? B: Because! E: Because? LOL B: You infuriating little E: Little? That's not what you thought of my.. B: STOP TALKING! E: I'm not talking LMAO B: GODDDDDDDDDDDDD E: LOL HAHAHAH I love you! B: O.O E: No I mean..not like that..I.. B: *blushing emojis* E: Sorry. B: Um….it's ok… (a minute passes) B: Edward? E: Yeah? B: I still need my phone. Please. E: Ok. Wait, I didn't catch your name. B: It's Bella. I sighed as I threw the phone on the bed. He still didn't tell me where to meet him, but I could feel a headache forming in the back of my head, so interrogating him would have to wait a while. I just needed a minute to think about what had happened last night. XXXX I went to the party with Rose and Alice in a short, black skirt and a tube top. I didnt have pierced ears, much to Alice's dismay and annoyance, but I did wear a bracelet that my mother had given to me for good luck before she died. I never took it off for anything or anyone. It was a silver, thin chain with a small, diamond charm. I'd told Alice I didn't want to wear her killer black six-inch heels, so we'd settled for a three-inch pair. The party was another pointless, loud orgy hosted by Josh Bryant, the star quarterback of Forks High School. He'd just wanted to have one to show off how special he thinks he is. His family were super-famous entrepreneurs, so he lived in a huge mansion with maids, servants, a butler, and a red Mustang by his 18th birthday. And all of FHS came to celebrate with him. I didn't even want to go, but Rose and Alice had wanted me to come out of the house for "a little fun." He and I were sort of involved. We weren't even together, but every day, we'd sneak out during free period at school to make out at the Hot Spot under the bleachers in the gym. Edward was Josh's cousin, but they weren't close. He was a musician, a pianist. He also played guitar too, I've heard. He mostly kept to himself and his few friends in the band room. He had a bit of an ego, though. Not so much as Josh's, but he had a laid-back-don't-give-a-care kind of attitude. He and I had butted heads a few times in English class, and he got on my nerves, but I found it kind of sexy, in a way. But, anyway, back to the party. I didn't see Edward there until Rose, Alice and I had had our fill of beer. I kinda wanted Josh to notice me, even though he was an ass. But then I saw him go upstairs with some blonde chick, and I'd just began to cry. My eyes filled with tears as I drunkenly stumbled up the stairs to a room I thought was the bathroom. I opened the door and saw Edward on his computer with headphones on. His walls were white with plastic records plastered on them. 3 guitars were hooked underneath the records upside down. On the right side sat a wooden desk with a grey contractor hooked on the wall above it. His bed was undone with blue, black and red throw pillows across the floor. He looked up from his bed, annoyed, and took his headphones off. "Um, excuse me, what do you think you're doing?" He asked. I crawled up to the foot of his bed. "Sorry, I just need a minute." I sniffled and wiped my eyes, my mascara flowing onto my arms. I heard him shut off his laptop and slide next to me. "You ok?" he asked, frowning, "You're crying." "No shit, Sherlock," I snapped. He chuckled, which made me hate him even more. "Oh sure, laugh at my expense! Go ahead, jerk!" I pouted, tears filling my eyes again as I looked away. "No, I'm," he cleared his throat…and tried again. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to laugh. Seriously." I still couldn't look up. "Did my cousin get to you?" I looked up and rubbed the mascara out of my eyes. "What do you mean, did he get to me?" He shifted in his spot on the floor next to me. "Like, if he hurt you or anything, that's a really shitty thing to do. You seem nice." I was stunned and just looked into his deep, green eyes. He looked nervous, like he wasn't sure what to say so he wouldn't hurt my feelings. He reached up and wiped my eye. "You have really pretty eyes," he whispered. "Thanks." I looked down on his lips as he came closer. I felt him push me back on the floor and push something to the side. I looked to the side, and his lips slid to my neck as he slid our cell phones away from us. His hands traveled all over my body, down my sides and up my back. His fingers traveled past my breasts, and a warmness fell over me, especially between my legs. My hands grabbed his hair, and I brought him closer. I barely knew him, but he made me feel more whole than Josh ever did. He made me feel like I could walk into a ring of fire and not get burned, as long as he was with me. I was sure that it was mostly the beer in my system talking, but I hoped that by tomorrow, I wouldn't forget tonight. By the time I woke up, my head felt like it had been smashed by a polar bear, I reeked of beer, and I pushed a sleeping Edward off of my chest. I tiptoed out of the dark room and grabbed what I thought was my cell phone. XXXX I looked at the iPhone with the blue-striped cover. Why did he have this corny cover, anyway? Who liked stripes anymore? My thoughts were interrupted by the kitchen phone ringing. I ran downstairs to answer. "Hello?" "Did you make it out ok?" Alice whispered. When I finally made it home, my dad found me passed out on the living room couch and blew up a gasket, saying I was an embarrassment to the Swan name and grounded me for a month. Whatever, Dad. I had more important things to worry about, like getting my phone back. "Yeah, I guess. Grounded for a month." I grumbled. "Did you find out where your phone was?" she asked. I didn't tell her about Edward and our make-out session last night because I was embarrassed. I liked it, a lot actually. I'd only made out with a few people in my life, but never like that. I wondered if he felt the same way, and that made me blush with both embarrassment and shyness. My friends wouldn't take kindly to me saying that, or even thinking it. They didn't look down on people who weren't like us, but they weren't too comfortable with the idea. Edward got on my nerves with his cockiness, but he didn't seem like he really liked too much attention. "Bella!" Alice brought me back to the real world. "What! Sorry, Alice." "What's with you today?" "Nothing!" "Doesn't sound like nothing!" "It's nothing." She was quiet for a few seconds then said, "I'm coming over there." "No, Alice—" the dial tone on the other line droned as I hung up the phone with a groan. I trudged upstairs, still feeling like a ton of bricks, and lay under the covers in my bed. I was glad Charlie was at work because I really didn't want to deal with anyone else today. But of course, Alice was going to barge in and make me talk anyway. As soon as I closed my eyes to sleep off this headache, I heard the door slam open and Alice and Rose both yell my name. I groaned in my pillow and hid deeper. "Bella, you lazy ass, get up!" Alice screeched and pulled the covers off. "Go away," I mumbled. "No, not until you tell us what's going on," Rose said. I turned my head to find Rose standing over my bed, her hand on her hip. "Edward Cullen has my phone," I murmured, ashamed. "What?" Rose asked, confused. I sighed, annoyed, and sat up and huffed, "Edward Cullen has my phone." "What?" both of them gasped. I flinched at their faces. "Yeah. He and I kinda…" "Wait! You and him?" Rose laughed. "Shut up! He's actually not that bad!" I tried to grab the covers from Alice to hide my face, which felt like fire, but she held onto them. I lay back in a hump and covered my face. "I was pissed about the Josh thing, and I was drunk and ended up in his room. We talked and then…" "And then…?!" Alice jumped on my bed, almost shaking me off. "We made out a lot and then we fell asleep." "No sex?" "No! I would never! He's a turd!" "You just said he's not that bad!" "Not enough to have sex with!" "Why is your face so red, then?" I sputtered and got up. Rose covered her mouth in giggles. "That is neither here nor there because I have his phone still and—" "Give it! I wanna talk to him!" Alice reached up and I raised the blue phone out of her reach.