TFLN Contest Title: C-26 Pairing: Edward/Bella Summary: Summer sun, three boys, a happy mistake. Contest submission for Texts From Last Night Twilight Contest. Prompt used: Can I get a hallelujah for railing the pastor's daughter last night? Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. C-26 Heavy grey smoke rolls around the room. Gunshots and various grizzly sounds boom from the speakers and I take aim. Looking the walking corpse right in the, I wink and pull the trigger. "Nice shot!" Emmett roars next to me. He's fucked, like ate-the-special-brownies fucked. Dumb shit's shot and killed me twice now. "Left, Em, up on the hill," I direct him, hand gestures and all … and then face-palm when the dude gets his face eaten off by some zombie bitch."Uh. Other left, ya fuckin' boner." Normally Em's not this useless; he's actually pretty bright, but when he's glazed like this … what can I say, the weed fucking decimates the boys IQ. Smoke stupid. And, yeah, it's a thing. We've all got that one friend who can't deal when they're high. Normal intelligence all but disappears, common sense skips out the door, and monosyllabic conversations with the coffee table are par for the course. Em's been in celebration mode since about eleven this morning. He wrote his last exam for some automation engineering shit this morning. Summer has begun … for him at least. Ergo the smoke and zombie killing at two in the afternoon. Emmett's long-standing hard-on for robotics followed him into adulthood. He's forever breaking shit just to see how it works. I don't care how the TV works; so long as the porn comes in clear, I'm good. The screen door creaks open and slams shut. "Can I get a motherfuckin' hallelujah for railing the pastor's daughter?" Jasper says, hands in the air, praising Jesus. His sandy blond curls look like a cluster-fuck to me, but the ladies dig his shaggy 'do. "Jazz." "Ed." Our fists meet over Em's head. Bud's still staring at the Game Over flashing on the screen. "So where the hell'd you meet a preacher's daughter?" I move to the kitchen, opening the fridge scanning for something to munch on. "Pastor's," he corrects and I shrug. Same shit, really. "Adolescent Psychology study group, my friend," he says, dropping to the retro red vinyl chair. Like me, Jazz isn't finished with exams until tomorrow. Unlike me, he actually likes people. Wants to help them. Admirable, isn't it? I fucking hate people. They talk entirely too much. They talk about their families, their jobs, their mother-humping golden doodles. What the fuck is a golden doodle? Nope. Hate people. What kills them on the other hand, that's some interesting shit right there. Digging through the intricate workings of a human body to find a cause of death is the ultimate whodunit. Plus, minimal human contact required. "Sweet little thing, she was. Angela Webber," Jasper says with a sigh as I hand him a soda and shut the fridge. "Pop her cherry?" Emmett walks in and grabs a bag of Fritos, shoves a handful in his gapping mouth, and sits across from Jazz. "No, sir. Those shores have been stormed." Jazz shakes his head. "Bummer," Em mumbles through the crunch. Jazz shrugs. "Skin like fucking honey. Big brown eyes. Man …" He sounds like he's in awe. "She one of your rolly chicks?" Emmett asks with all the grace of a troglodyte. Jasper isn't what you'd call a 'chubby chaser.' He simply loves women. All of them. The skinny, the full figured, the doe-eyed eighteen-year-olds, and the forty-something ex-wives. The man truly appreciates the fairer sex. I wouldn't call him a manwhore, or a player, because Jazz just doesn't fit the bill, man. When he's in a relationship, he's honest, tentative, and solely focused on the woman he's with. Fucking around is just below the guy. He doesn't look at the menu and think "I'll have one of everything." No, he looks at it and says "I'll try that first." His tastes vary, and I gotta say I respect the hell out him. "No." Jasper leans forward and flicks Emmett's ear hard, earning him a yelp. "Rolly? Where'd your mother hide your manners?" He makes some annoyed sound and sits back down. I can't help but chuckle. Em's rubbing his ear and giving Jasper some serious stink-eye. Funny shit. "Miss Angela Colleen Webber: size two, beautiful A-cups, wants to be a grief counsellor. Snorts when she laughs, screams when she comes." Jazz's face goes all soft and awe-y again. "A-cups?" Emmett's grimace earns him a second ear flick. "Do it again, jackhole!" Em dares him, but we both know Bob Marley over there isn't about to do shit. Emmett's type is leggy, blond, big tits—C- cup or better—and intelligence is optional. He doesn't make any apologies for his preferences, but he's quick to shoot down others. Jasper ignores the idle threat and asks, "So, we're leaving after your exam, Ed?" I nod. "Should be done 'round one, one-thirty. List is on the fridge," I say, pointing one finger at the stoned meathead and the other at the short To-Do list posted next to the Lily Pad Chinese take-out menu. Two weeks ago when we booked our campsite, Emmett agreed to have his Escalade packed and ready by the time we got home. Two weeks ago Em wasn't swimming in brain stew and blinking like a demented kewpie doll. Em shoves another handful of corn chips into his mouth and nods, smiling wide and goofy. Every year for the past three years we head out to Vancouver for four days of debauchery and male-type stupidity to celebrate the end of the year. Meathead swallows another handful of crunchy corn, chasing it with a swig of Root Beer. "Entertain the stoned chimp, would ya?" I look to Jasper, inclining my head toward said primate. "Keep him out of trouble. I gotta study," I say, pushing away from the counter. Emmett belches. "I don't need a sitter, twat." "Right. The broken window in the mud room is proof of that." Jasper jerks his thumb to the back of the house. "I told you, it was the kid across the alley!" Emmett half shouts. "He's eight, Em." I roll my eyes and shoot Jazz a pointed look. Emmett maintains that the eight-year-old boy from across the alley chucked a Frisbee and it sailed, with stunning precision, right into our fucking back door, shattering the window. Emmett was high and left unsupervised. And it's much more likely that he was being a tool in the backyard and busted that shit. Deplorable, blaming a child. For the next three hours, I sink into my medical books. Later that night, I fall asleep reciting the effects of alcohol on the human body. XXXX "This shit's ready to roll," Em says, lovingly slapping the back of his grey Escalade like a baby's bottom. "Good, 'cause I'm done. My brains reached critical mass, dude." I trek up the front steps of our two-storey brick rental and toss my backpack onto the couch. The couch that, at some point before it belonged to a house full of ass-scratchers, was a light green. It's now a mossy-grey hybrid. Rather unappealing and I make a point not to sit on it. I change my shirt. This one smells like finals—desperation, caffeine, cramming, and number two pencils—and wash my face before heading back downstairs. Jasper is obviously still writing. Poor bastard had Professor McLiden for a proctor. Fucker liked to show up late. "Make 'em sweat," I'd heard him say once. The man was arrogant and a piss-poor teacher. I had him last year for Culture of Death and had the misfortune of watching him hit on junior after junior. Philandering, self-important pricks like Dr . McLiden are the very reason my faith in humanity is queasy at the best of times. Em and I wolf down a grilled cheese while we wait on Jazz. "Fuckin' McLiden!" Jazz flings his backpack into the room. It lands at Emmett's giant feet. "That waste of ejaculate saunters in thirty minutes late with his café-latté-no-fat-who-gives-a-fuck coffee then proceeds to hand out the Scantron sheets in friggin' alphabetical order!" Jasper fumes. Now, Jazz is an unnaturally mellow guy. Nothing ruffles his feathers and all that shit, but when he's tossing insults and slamming cupboards, nothing much to do but laugh. XXXX The drive to the campground is long … and nearly painful. I read somewhere, or maybe it was in a movie, that the U.S. military uses annoying songs like The Macarena on repeat to torture war criminals. Load Emmett with breakfast sausage and eggs drowning in hot sauce and you'd have a formidable weapon. Worst road trip ever. We pull up beside a hut, a long, thick arm reading STOP keeps us out of the park. I hand the ranger our site reservation confirmation and he hands me a black and orange parking pass. He instructs me to leave it propped in the windshield where it's visible. He goes on about garbage disposal, food storage, and the facilities available in the park. "Site C-26. Down the road to the right. Follow the green markers to the C-lot," he directs, pointing out past the gate. "Double lot, right?" Emmett confirms, leaning over me. His breath stinks, and I shove his face back. Ranger Mike refers to his clipboard. "Yeah. Right on the water." "Tits," Em says, rubbing his hands together. Tits. now there's a euphemism I don't get. Awesome, Fuckin' A, Most Excellent. Those all make sense to me, but tits? Not so much. We follow the green makers leading the way to lot C. The dirt road splits. The sign on the left says: C Lot 1-18. The one on the right reads: C Lot 19-28. We hook right. Jasper keeps an eye out for our site, watching the small green numbered signs at the mouth of each site. Some campsites sit just feet from the gravelly road; others are tucked away and hidden by trees. "Twenty-six," Jazz says from the backseat, tapping the window. We pull in and as the thick curtain of leaves gives way, the glint of sparking water comes into view. The summer sun is still bright above us and it makes the surface all crystal-like. The wheels slowly crunch to a stop on the rocky sand, and I shift into park. Pulling the keys from the ignition, I push open my door. Jasper lets loose a whistle. "Hell of a view," he says with appreciation. And he's right, the fucking view is stunning. Blues and sparkling greys, trees that reach toward the clouds, and sand that disappears into the water. Perfect. We begin pulling the contents of the trunk out, quick to locate the cooler full of cold beer and get to setting up our tents. Because Jasper and I are lazy as fuck (or very smart depending on how you look at it) we purchased pop-tents. Four person tent? No problem, unzip and toss. Done, beer in hand and feet in the sand. Emmett on the other hand has this ridiculous frame to assemble … but that's his thing. He's grinning as he snaps pieces together, not the least bit bothered by the major time suckage going on. My neck stretches as I hear the sound of a car pulling up to our site. Emmett gives the bright blue hatchback a glance and refocuses on the giant-ass tent. Jazz and I are on our feet and peering through the tinted glass. The driver's side window rolls down and a blonde wearing large round pink sunglasses half pokes her head out. "Sorry, gentlemen, I think we got ourselves turned around. We're looking for C-26," she says, her fingers still gripping the steering wheel. Jasper chuckles and steps forward. "You're parked on it, darlin'." "Told ya!" a sharp voice hollers from somewhere in