Disclaimer: Do not own anything. Summary: Bella travels around the world until she encounters the Volturi. They take her in and she quickly becomes the most feared member of the guard. She and the guard search for law breakers and destructive vampires. She was fine until she's asked to search and destroy the Major, who just so happens to be her mate... This chapter has be re-uploaded to. I removed AN's in the middle. Same content as before. 'This is how the story went...' Sometimes I felt that my life was already planned out for me. I felt like it was stolen from me, that I never had the chance to just live . I was born Isabella Swan, but just Bella to my family and friends, in the state of Washington in a little town called Forks. And no, I'm not kidding, it is actually called Forks. I lived with both my parents, Charlie and Renee Swan till about the age of 6 when my mum decided small town life wasn't for her so she upped and moved, taking me with her, and leaving my poor father lost and confused. We moved to Phoenix where I grew to love the heat and despise my skin. I was paler than a sheet of paper. Well maybe not that extreme but I didn't tan. No matter how much I tried. I loved my mother dearly. But her eccentric and abrupt ways got her into more trouble than a grown adult parent should ever get. So that's how I ended up being the adult. When I was old enough to reach the stove I cooked. When I was old enough to handle her accounts, I paid the bills and made sure she didn't get us into debt. When she thought I was old enough for her to date, I brought pepper spray for the really dodgy ones. And then Phil came into the picture. I liked him; he was a nice guy and adored my mother although I thought he was a little too young for her but I guess that's what she needed. But then again I can't talk I dated a 109 year old virgin vampire. We'll get to that soon. I knew he would take care of her. So it wasn't a surprised when she agreed to marry him. It was then that I decided that my time with my mother was over and for me to move and finally start living my own life. At least I thought I would. Using the excuse that I wanted to give the newlyweds some time alone, I shipped myself off to live with my father. Who happened to be the chief of Police in the dreary town of Forks. And it was there where I stepped into the second chapter of my life of controlling Bella Swan. I truly did love Edward, the vampire man/boy who I fell in love with. And I adored his family, who I soon started to call my family as well. Even Rosalie and Jasper though we never conversed much. It's weird how I was completely besotted to him. I somehow totally lost myself and devoted my meaningless human life to please him in whatever way. I had moved to Forks with the intention of 'finding myself' and yet there I was helping him find himself by testing his self-control on me! It was unhealthy the way he tried to control my life. I always felt so inadequate compared to him and his graceful family. And you know what, it's my fault! "Love, don't do that it's unbecoming". Who the heck says that anymore! I let him make me feel like that. And to think me , Isabella Fucking Swan let a boy , control her makes my skin crawl. Of course I didn't realise this till he'd upped and left taking his whole family with him. At the time I was devastated. Heartbroken. Unworthy . That's how I felt. And this in turn broke my poor father's heart. For months I was a zombie. I felt nothing. Barely ate. And cut off all communication with the outside world. Everyone gave up on me. Well except for my werewolf friend Jacob. Even he couldn't get Bella Swan back. The sweet caring girl who's heart got broken way too young for her to understand. But I didn't stay like that forever though. Oh no, it seems fate had other plans for me. Visiting Edwards meadow was were things started to get down and dirty and just plain downright weird. Laurent appeared. It seemed good old Vicky wanted me. Mate for a mate she claimed. If only she knew. Of course Laurent being a new veggie and all decided to take a bite out me, for old times' sake. Right. Anyways so there I was my eyes closed praying that by some miracle he would spontaneously combust into flames. And then it happened. Well not the flames part, I would've been really freaked out then. I slowly opened my eyes and found Laurent no more than 6 inches away from my face, in a lunge position in mid-air with a look of pure shock and fear. "Bitch what the hell did you do to me!" he screamed, venom spraying from his teeth. I was utterly shocked. Now that I look back it was quite a comical sight, bad scary vampire lunging at innocent little girl only to freeze mid-air like in movies. At that time though, I didn't care what had happened, whether I caused it to happen or whatever, as soon as my brain connected to my legs I bolted out of that clearing impressing myself by not falling flat on my face. Of course I later found out the wolves killed him. I got home later that evening trying to forget what had happened only to find my father and mother in the living room together waiting for me. "Bella, pack your bags you're leaving with me to Florida." She demanded. I don't' know what it was. To this day I don't what happened but I just suddenly snapped and went all kinds of crazy's on my mum and dad. Bless them they tried to calm me down, but it just wouldn't happen. I took my anger at her for not giving me a life I wanted and Edward's abandonment on the house. I ran to my room, and literally destroyed it by smashing and kicking and throwing everything I could get my hands on. For 7 hours I was like that. Sweet Bella did not make an appearance, Zombie Bella just disappeared. Present was angry Bella and boy was she pissed. Looking back I remember the amount of rage I felt did not decrease at all until I passed out and woke up in hospital. I woke up 3 days later. Yeah that's right, 3 days . To see the scared faces of my father and mother. And the first thing I said to them was "So what's for dinner?" The doctor said it was something about emotional trauma or whatever. Didn't really care. But after that "episode" we call it, things went back to normal. Well as normal as they get. I started to eat again, went out with my friends. I even went on a date with Mike. My father came back to life with me, seeing how much of an effort I was making to finally just focus on me and finally live my life the way I wanted. I worked hard in school and also partied hard outside of school. All in all, I got back on the horse and started riding again. I started taking self-defence classes because of the incident with Laurent, although I knew my weak human strength would be nothing compared to a vampire's strength I decided it wouldn't hurt. Slowly but surely I put my life back together again. The spark in my eyes as my father and Jacob called it was coming back and I looked and felt healthier than ever. As my mind and heart grew so did my body. With the self-defence classes and also with the fact that I started jogging with Jacob (well I jogged he just tugged along) my muscles got toned. I lost my baby fat around my face and grew two more inches. High school graduation came and went surprisingly fast. There was a sense of sadness as Jessica's parents held a farewell party for all the seniors at their house. People laughed cried and rejoiced in the memories they shared in Forks. A lot of people had applied to colleges outside the state of Washington to experience something totally new and hardly ever seen in Forks, the Sun. I laughed at Mike when he explained his reasoning for applying to a college in Minestona. I had applied to Dartmouth and Brown and was surprised when I got their acceptance letters. I wanted to major in either English or Psychology. English because I loved reading and the classics were my favourite and Psychology because there was just something about human behaviour that intrigued me, the emotions that decide our actions and why we do them. I guess when I had my mental breakdown I got a little curious. My mum and dad were so proud of me; even Phil came to support me at my graduation. I could practically hear my dad telling his friends about my acceptance at Brown, it was just downright embarrassing. Too bad I was going to disappoint him. That's the one thing I hated the most, disappointing my father, I'd done it first with Edward, then also when I became a Zombie. I just didn't want to go to college yet. I wanted to travel and just live a little, that was really the main reason behind my self-defence classes. Just in case some crazy people thought they could take advantage of the foreign American girl, they had another thing coming. I had everything prepared. I knew where I was going what sights to see, everything was planned out. Since I had gotten a scholarship placement from Brown, I had enough money I had saved from my days working at Newton's. I even called Brown asking them if they could take me the year after and they agreed saying it was no problem. Only thing left to do was to tell my parents. It was the first week of the summer holidays and me, my mum, Phil and dad were all due to leave for a well-deserved summer break to Florida. We had just come back from La push beach when I decided to just tell them and get it done and over with. Looking back I don't know why I was scared, I mean I was a fully-fledged adult and could still go without their permission. But none the less, I was crapping myself. At one point my mum thought I was pregnant with Jacob's baby. I've never seen my dad reach that fast for his holster with his gun in it. After much reassurance to my dad that I still had my v-card, I finally got the courage to tell them. At first Renee was adamant that I do not go which surprised me as I expected Charlie to be more against it than her, he just sat quietly while I argued with Renee. "I think it's a good idea." He suddenly said. The room went deadly quiet and Charlie looked at me and gave me a wink. I smiled the biggest smile ever since Edward. I sprang up like a 6 year old and went to hug my dad. "Charlie! You can't be serious, I'm not allowing my little girl to go out there in the big bad world full of monsters and goodness knows what else, all by herself!" she yelled. Like really yelled. I smirked when she said monsters. If only she knew. "Mum, I'm not a child