AN: See end of chapter for note and disclaimer. Night Journey Sunset King Thranduil stared at the two traitorous elves, the dark haired female had her head bowed, showing some remorse, the light haired male was glaring, back straight and head lifted high. He felt sick, having to pronounce a sentence that should not have been used a thousand years after the Dark Lord's fall. His son, just over a thousand years old, watched in curiosity. "Your crimes are horrific, but I will not give you death. That would be for a darker time." The female lifted her head a fraction. "But dark were your deeds, and dark are your hearts- Dark Elves." Neither flinched at the term. "You will be marked as such, and exiled- should any elf or elf-friend come upon you, they will know what you are and will have full permission to kill you." Two healers, though they hid their faces, came forward to put the mark on them. Thranduil halted them a moment. "Do you have anything you wish to say?" "I hope you rot." The male's peculiar gray-green eyes flashed. "You say we are the monsters- fine, but you are the real ones. Cowards, you did not fight!" "And you, she-elf?" The woman lifted her head, and met his gaze. "I will not abandon my husband, no matter where the path may lead, or how painful it gets. I have nothing to say to you, Elf King." Both didn't even flinch when the mark was applied, a circle with an arrowhead point down in the center. It was rather simplistic, but the ink was dark and it showed up clearly. "What do they know of Darkness, the cowards . . . they did not fight, and they just left!" Blue eyes flashed as he spoke with his wife. They had wandered far from Mirkwood. "I know. I know." The wife sighed, hand straying to her stomach. "Are you still not well?" "I . . . I think I might be pregnant." She glanced down. Her child would be born in exile; she would not be able to have any healer to help her. Things became much darker, especially her husband, once the baby was born. "What will we name her?" The Wife glanced up at her husband, his expression calculating. The firstborn elf child to any family was named by the father; the rest could be named by the mother. "Husband?" "I won't name her." "What?" "She won't have a name, she's a dark elf, and she will not need one." "She's a child! She needs a name. You cannot plan to- husband, she won't stand a chance!" His wife tried to stand up, take the child back. "She doesn't have to carry our shame; we could take her and leave her with another family- they would not object to raising her." "We're Dark elves, she is already so strong, and she'll survive this life with no aid." "Husband . . ." with a sigh she bowed her head. "As you wish, then, the child won't be named." Not long after, her husband forbade her to speak to the child in elvish. As that was the only language the wife knew, she remained silent, watching as her baby girl followed, large grayish-green eyes curious. The family wandered some more, and the wife grew increasingly concerned about her husband's temper and plans. One evening though, was the breaking point. "We're leaving her here." He scowled at his wife's horror. "She can grow on her own." "Have you taken leave of your senses? She is a child; she cannot survive on her own!" "Do not question me!" Twilight When the child woke up, her parents were gone. She did not understand why, nor could she ask. All she found were four elfish knives, one with blood on the blade. She picked that one up and wiped it off, before gathering them into the sheaths and then into her arms. With no sense of direction, or understanding of where to go, she started walking. The hill men of Rohan were not lacking in intelligence, even if their language and living conditions seemed that way. When a young hunter came back with a girl with pointy ears and a mark on her head, they understood that she was lost and from a different race. However, even when they spoke common, the girl did not seem to understand them. The hunter's wife, settled matters by taking the child in. They named the girl 'Calwyn' or 'Lost maiden'. Calwyn learned both the language of the hill people's language and what little of the common language they knew with ease. What she was startled to realize, though, was that around her everyone else was changing rapidly, but she remained mostly the same. Her brothers and sisters, born after she was found, grew up quicker than she did, and she did not understand why. When they laid her foster parents to rest- old and gray and withered- Calwyn couldn't bear to stay anymore, she could not watch as her siblings aged. She had carried the knives on her back since her Foster father created leather straps that would hold them to her, so she ran. She made it to a stream and for the first time actually studied her reflection. In all the time spent with them, she looked like she had barely aged a year! She broke down sobbing, realizing that somehow, she would not age as her family did- she would still be young when her brothers and sisters died! "Calwyn, why do you cry?" The Shaman stood behind her. "Your parents are at rest." "I cry because I don't age right! I am still young, but my brothers have taken wives! Harkun expects his firstborn and I . . . I'm still a child!" " . . . Come with me, if you cannot bear to return to the village . . . there is someone who may help you." Calwyn got up to follow the shaman, but her tears still fell. The 'someone' turned out to be a talking tree! "Stonebark, my friend, how are your flocks?" "Well enough, Shaman!" Lost thought the creature looked like an oak. "But who is this?" "We call her Calwyn, but her true name is unknown, she does not age as our people, and is deeply grieved by the loss of the parents that took her in. Would you help her?" "Barrum! Of course, the little elfling is welcome to stay, I shall teach her much." And he did, he taught her elfish and several other languages he knew, as well as how to talk to trees and plants. The hillmen, despite her never aging, had taught her to track and hunt. Stonebark did not call her 'Calwyn' though. He usually called her 'Sapling'. ("Names, Sapling, are words that define the bearer, I do not think of you as a 'Lost maiden' anymore, but a sapling, needing tending and care to grow strong. Perhaps someday you will find a name that truly defines you.") He tried to teach her the language of the ents, but she could only master 'Hello'. He laughed when she told him that their language took too long if there was an emergency. Stonebark taught her lore and songs, but he could not tell her what her marked forehead meant. He had never seen the like before. She grew up in his care, finally reaching a point where she looked old enough to travel alone. Stonebark never told her where or how he got clothes for her, though she highly doubted the old ent stole them. They were in the style of the hillmen, and she had no problem wearing them. "I almost don't want to leave." She glanced up at Stonebark. "The world is so vast . . . and I'd feel so alone." "It is time for you to leave the nest, sapling. I dwell apart from my brethren because I chose solitude. You may find answers to those questions of yours, out there in the world." She bowed her head. "Farewell, then, Stonebark. I hope to visit when I do have answers. I would like to tell them to you." "Please do, Sapling, and I will make sure there is ent-draught enough!" Night The Nameless elf wiped the blood of the blades and scowled at the human. She was paid for assassination, but she had no problem taking the money of her victims, either. She slipped into the tavern, ignoring the drunks and slipping into a corner booth. A man soon joined her. "How was it, Whisper?" She absently scowled at the name. Just because she did not see the need for talking so the world could hear . . . "As well as could be expected. Being a mercenary for hire sure doesn't pay as much as stealing, though." "Like that would stop you!" He laughed, and she could feel her annoyance with this man rising. She had killed several men in the last mercenary group she had joined- the leader hadn't minded too much, but recommended she find a new group. She lay on the cot- which had seen better days- and stared at the ceiling. Stonebark and her foster parents would not have approved this life of killing and stealing, but they weren't here. Getting an honest job had been trouble, Elves were strange to common men, and one with a marked forehead apparently made them cautious- no one had hired her, and so she turned to her natural stealth to start stealing coins for food and supplies. Assassinations came when she had tried to steal from a mercenary. He had been amused, and had taken her under wing to learn how to fight and kill. What she was doing was wrong, she knew, but she no longer cared. It was just a matter of doing anything to survive. Moonrise She almost wanted to laugh at the 'cell' she was given by the guards of Minas Ithil. There were bars on the window, yes, but there was a bed and a nightstand. "Are all prisoners treated with such luxury?" "No . . . the dungeon has been deemed in need of repairs . . ." The young guard that had caught and escorted her looked completely out of his depth. His captain sighed. "I don't know who you are, lass, but this is the first I've seen of an elf stealing." The elf-maid just sat on the bed. "Glad to know I'm unique." She glanced out the window at the trees. "What's your name, and why do you have that mark on your head?" "You tell me- I don't have a name, and the mark has been on my head since childhood." "You don't have a name?" The young guard's eyes widened. She almost wanted to laugh. She had spent several hundred years as a thief and killer, that sort of innocence that the guard displayed was something any cutthroat would prey on. "I find that hard to believe." "Believe what you like, I don't have a name, people have called me lots of things, so you can call me whatever you want . . . a name is not important to me." She glanced out the window again, before looking back at the captain. "I was under the impression that this tower was more heavily guarded, though." "It is guarded well enough." She found out soon enough what they decided to call her, and she wished she had suggested a name. 'Bein' indeed! Did they miss the part where she was a thief and a killer? She answered to it, though. Several months passed, and she found herself actually enjoying the time spent with the guards. The peaceful time of incarceration, though, was only temporary. "Can you track, Lass?" "What?" She glanced up at the captain. He never called her Bein, just Lass. (She kind of preferred that to the other.)