For those of you who have read my story, "I Can't Believe," this is what it was supposed to be like. But the angst is like x1000000000000000 Sorry if I make you sad, but I hope you love/hate it :P Don't own the characters. If you love something, set it free, if it comes back then it's yours, if it doesn't, then it never was. When Will is six years old, he finds a sparrow chirping weakly outside his window. It is hobbling and flapping weakly. So when Will slides up the window, it makes no move to fly away. With the utmost gentleness, Will takes the sparrow in his hands and carefully brushes the top of its head with his index finger. He scurries to the bed and places the sparrow there. Rummaging through his closest, he finds a pile of old clothes, and adjusts them on his desk. He then transfers the sparrow to the makeshift nest, and runs downstairs, returning with a small dish of water and some seeds. It chirps in appreciation. Over the next few days, Will nurses the sparrow back to health. He is usually dedicated for a six-year-old boy, hunting for twigs and leaves to improve its nest, bugging his mom to buy a small bonsai tree so that the sparrow can hop from its branches to regain strength. All too soon, the sparrow is healthy again, flying in circles around Will's bedroom. It lands on Will's shoulder and pecks gently at his ear, as Will reads a picture book about birds. The sun is shining brightly today, and the sky is crystal blue, spotless. Will has his window open and fresh scent of summer is tantalizing. The sparrow chirps and flies to the windowsill. Will looks up and slowly walks over. "You're all better now, aren't you?" he says in his squeaky voice. The sparrow chirps and flaps its wings in affirmation. Will gives it a toothy smile and gestures outside. "Then you can go be free now! And don't get hurt again, okay?" The sparrow cheeps once more, as Will brushes its head carefully for the last time. A gentle breeze carries Will's first patient out with it, and Will puts his chin on the window, watching his friend turn aerials in the sky before disappearing from sight. Will wishes the sparrow would come back, but of course, it doesn't. When Will is ten years old, he befriends a girl with long chestnut locks and a timid smile. Her name is Charlotte, and she's quiet girl. Pleasant, but she keeps to herself. They are partners in a project about the Greek gods. Will has just learned that he is a demigod, so he is determined to pay special attention and to do a good job on this project. She and Will decide to make a vase depicting the Greek gods and goddesses. When Will, clumsy little boy he is, drops some porcelain on the ground, Charlotte cuts herself picking it up. While profusely apologizing, Will takes her to the sink in the art room to clean up, Band-Aid in hand. When she rolls up her shirtsleeve, Will is surprised to see the bruises on her forearm. With all the tact of a child, he says, "What happened?" Charlotte's face dims and she says, "Nothing." Will bandages her up and doesn't mention it again. A week later, they are good friends, after spending hours on the project. Will has just finished painting the vase, and he and Charlotte are covered in paint. Charlotte giggles and pokes Will in the cheek with an orange finger and Will feigns outrage, retaliating with a purple tap on her nose. Soon, they are chasing each other around Will's house, and when Charlotte trips, she screams in pain when she hits the floor. Will is at her side in an instant, forehead furrowed in worry. She waves him off, although her face is pale. Will wonders why she clutched at her ribs, even though her arms took most of the impact. It's a warm day on Will's birthday, so Will's mom shoos all the children to the backyard after the cake and presents. Will's friend, Allen, discovers Will's water guns and immediately starts a water fight. The children are all sopping wet, to the dismay of their parents, at the end of the day. After each child has been picked up, Will offers to walk Charlotte home (his mom taught him to be a gentleman). She declines, as she always does, but Will's mom tells him to give Charlotte one of his hoodies, because her sweater is still dripping. Charlotte goes to his bedroom to change, and when she is done, Will goes inside, and he stops at the doorway in horror. The zipper of his hoodie doesn't work very well, so it hangs open. She is wearing a white T-shirt, and it has become translucent with the water. Will knows he is not supposed to stare at a girl's chest (his mom told him that when he was trying to read the words on a girl's T-shirt), but the dark bruises that show through Charlotte's T-shirt shock him. She realizes what he is staring at and pulls the hoodie together. "Bye, Will," she says faintly, trying to manoeuvre past him. Will grabs her shoulders, then jerks away when she flinches. "Who did this to you?" he asks. "Nobody," Charlotte says, but Will won't take no for an answer, not this time. He learns that her father regularly abuses her. She doesn't want Will to get involved, but when she shows up at his house nursing a sprained wrist three weeks later, Will refuses to let her go home. It's a whirlwind of lawyers and social workers (Bless his mom for coordinating everything), and in the midst of it all, Will does what he does best – healing. He holds Charlotte's hand as the doctor fixes up her wrist, while asking a million questions, and is in charge of helping her exercise her wrist as it heals up. The doctor is surprised at how quickly Charlotte heals, both physically and psychologically. Will sits in the "parent" chair innocently, swinging his legs back and forth. Will is anxious about letting Charlotte go to an orphanage or a foster home, but his mother introduces Charlotte (and him, seeing as he has taken on the role of Charlotte's doctor and protector), to a family that she met while working at the local hospital. Their daughter had passed away from cancer two years ago, Will's mom explains, and they are planning to move to Scotland soon, but when they heard about Charlotte, they decided that they would adopt before leaving. "I was the nurse for Lucy, their daughter," Will's mom says, "and I can say they are a very caring family and will be very good to you, Charlotte." Will is stubbornly suspicious, but when John, the fifteen-year-old son of the family, bends down, places his hands on Will's shoulders, and looks him in the eye and says, "We'll take care of her," Will gives in with a sad smile. Charlotte embraces him tightly, and whispers, "Thank you." He's only ten years old, but he knows he'll never see her again. When Will is fourteen years old, he falls in love with a brooding dark-haired demigod. Nico is a hero, no doubt, but the boy is plagued by a dark past and terrible trauma. Will knows immediately that this boy needs a dose of sunshine and is insistent in inserting himself in Nico's life. It takes determination, persistence and a lot of "Doctor's orders" to heal a stubborn Nico, but Will is an exceptional doctor. He watches in pride as Nico slowly comes out of his shell, and is gleeful as the campers accept Nico as one of their own. Somewhere along the way, Will falls in love with Nico. "Gods, Will! You're so annoying," Nico grouses, as Will drags him to the lake. They sit on the grass and watch the sun come up. "Hey, dad!" Will shouts. Nico snorts, but Will can see a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. They sit in companionable silence as the sun brightens the night, chasing away the shadows and illuminating the world in a hazy pink. Nico sighs and lies back on the grass, feigning sleep. Will rolls over on his side and watches Nico. The boy slides open one eye and says "What?" suspiciously. "You like watching the sun up," Will says smugly. "No, I don't." "Yes, you do." "Stop being a child." "I like watching the sunrise with you." There's a pause. "Yeah, I might like watching it with you too." They're sitting at the campfire, and Will has his arm thrown casually around Nico. The shorter (and more powerful) boy has finally gotten used to people touching him and he laughs along with the others as Percy and Leo square off in a s'more-eating contest. As the night fades on, Nico begins to slump against Will and when the last embers begin to die out, Will rests his face on Nico's head, which is nestled against Will's chest. Will thinks this is what bliss feels like. When Jason decides to go to the Roman Camp, Nico accompanies him at Will's insistence. "You should visit Hazel and Reyna," Will says, knowing how much the two girls care about Nico. When Nico comes back, he immediately runs to the infirmary and tells Will all about the training at the camp, the cool battle techniques and the awesome people there. Will is so proud, watching Nico describe everything by gesticulating wildly. He has come so far from the depressed, angry boy that Will first met. As Nico makes more friends and trains harder, he spends less time at the infirmary. Will understands, knowing Nico would rather be on the sparring field any day, but it still stings a bit. Nico tries to drag Will out, but Will is hopeless with any weapon – even the bow and arrow. "I guess I'm just not meant to be a warrior," Will groans, wiping away the sweat from his face. Nico flops down next to him, not even a little out of breath. He laughs, and Will soaks in the sound that he knows he helped bring out. "It's alright, Solace, you're the best medic in the history of Camp Half-Blood. You can't be good at everything." Will takes that compliment and locks it away in his heart. The next time Nico goes to Camp Jupiter, he spends a few minutes chatting with the other campers before running to the infirmary to tell Will about his trip. It's the first time he mentions a Michael Kahale. One day the Romans decide to visit Camp Half-Blood. Will is thrilled to see Nico greet everyone like an old friend, and is even happier when he sees that not a single person seems to be afraid of or uncomfortable around the son of Hades. Nico introduces Will to Michael Kahale, a centurion from the Roman Camp. Will likes Michael, although is a bit intimidated by the shear amount of muscle the guy has, and to be honest, his good looks. When Nico says that Michael is a son of Venus, Will can see what the love goddess must have seen in Michael's father. He can also see what Nico sees in Michael as well. As Nico and Michael dance on the sparring field, swords clashing and sunshine glinting off metal, there is only one word to describe it. Beautiful. Will stands on the sidelines and watches, his heart crying out, but his face is all smiles when he cheers with the rest of the crowd. Nico spends an even longer amount of time at the Camp Jupiter, and comes back all smiles and looking stronger than ever. Will assumes it must be due to the training. This time, Nico doesn't even come to the infirmary. He