Katniss pulled up into their driveway – her driveway, she realized, as her heart squeezed and her throat tightened painfully. She cut the ignition and laid her head on the steering wheel for awhile. The sound of Lady bleating in the back got her moving again. She got out, unlocked the kitchen door, and walked into their house. Her house. She didn't look around. She didn't want to see anything. Instead, she kicked off the black heels that had cramped her little toe all day. Pulling her black dress over her head and dropping it over the back of one of the kitchen chairs, she walked to her bedroom, shut the door, and buried herself under the covers. She had no plans to move. Over the next several days, she moved as little as possible. She shoved food into Lady's pen and milked her as quickly as she could before trudging back inside. Damn goat . How was she supposed to deal with this presence in her life? She needed to get rid of her. She ate crackers occasionally. She had an apple that had turned mealy. She got up to go to the bathroom. At first, she would stare into the mirror for long periods of time until her back cramped from straining over the sink to see. Once she returned to her bed without remembering to actually use the bathroom. The next time she had to get up, she stripped the pillowcase off her pillow and tucked it into the top of the medicine cabinet so that it would cover the mirror. That was better. And then she went back to bed. "You here, sweetheart?" The gravelly voice invaded her mind. She wasn't actually asleep, but she wasn't really awake, either. She stayed still, sure the voice would disappear if she let it. She drifted. When she woke some time later, she could hear something new. Birds. She twisted her head around and realized her bedroom window was slightly open, letting in the cool air of early spring. She stared at it dumbly for a moment before sitting up fully in bed. After a few minutes more, she pulled herself from the bed and made her way into the hall. Her legs felt heavy, and her back was tight. She moved her head from side to side, feeling the tendons stretch painfully. "You finally pull yourself outta bed?" The voice was back. She felt her face tighten, and she turned on her heel towards the bathroom, shutting the door behind her. She leaned against the door, trying to figure out what to do. She didn't want to see him. She knew why he was here. She fleetingly wondered what day it was, how many days had passed. The voice penetrated her mind again, this time from the other side of the door. "Katniss," he said, his voice unusually gentle. "Come on out so we can talk." She didn't respond. She breathed deeply but remained propped against the door. She was suddenly, overwhelmingly tired. She wasn't up to talking with her Uncle Haymitch. She wasn't ready to face it all. Her legs buckled underneath her, and she slid down the door to the floor. She tilted her head back and closed her eyes, allowing herself to drift again. She awoke this time to a sharp pain in her tailbone, the result of sleeping in her tucked position on the tile floor. Her head had fallen to her shoulder, and now her neck hurt even more than before. She needed to go back to bed. Stretching out her legs, and grimacing as her knees popped, she rolled to her side and gingerly pushed herself up into a crouching position before standing upright. She fumbled for the doorknob and pulled the door open – only to be faced with her uncle. He'd pulled a kitchen chair into the hallway and had waited for her to emerge. She stopped as he eyed her and she stared back. Finally, he stood and pulled her towards him. Draping his arm around her shoulders, Haymitch led her into the kitchen where he gently pushed her down into a chair before sitting opposite her. A stack of papers took up most of the space between them. "I'm not going to ask how you're doing," he began. "It's obvious." At that, she stood up sharply, her chair scraping across the kitchen floor. Unfortunately, fatigue and her lack of sustenance caught up with her at that moment. A wave of black studded with white spots flushed her sight, and she felt herself sway. Her legs buckled again, and she sat down hard in her chair. Waiting to regain her sight, Katniss clutched the edge of the table. A moment later, a cool glass brushed her fingertips. She reached for it and gulped the water Haymitch had put in front of her. "Katniss," he said, "I know you don't want to face this, but we have to. I can't go forward with these papers until we talk and you sign." Her vision was clearing, and she looked at him closely for the first time. His face is drawn , she thought. She wasn't sure she'd ever known what that phrase actually meant, but looking at Haymitch now, in the waning light of her kitchen, she understood. There were shadows under his eyes and wrinkles around his mouth. His hair fell limply across his forehead, and several days' worth of stubble littered his chin and the space under his nose. His facial hair would never grow in evenly , she thought, and her brain registered the sporadic randomness of the thoughts that were invading her consciousness. "Your parents left everything they had to you and Prim, so of course, in this circumstance, it all goes to you." He swallowed. "Once you sign, I can have the money transferred into your account." She saw him watching her, trying to read her eyes. She closed them. "You've got enough to cover you for awhile as you get back on your feet, figure out what you want to do." "I don't want to go back to school," she said. She hadn't spoken in days – weeks? – and she realized her voice sounded frail. She swallowed. "Just . . . not yet." He was nodding at her. "That's fine. You've got time to figure out what comes next." Next? The only thing she could think of next was her bed. She picked up the pen on the table, and Haymitch guided her to each clause, each blank to initial or sign. Her eyes blurred. She didn't want to read the words. Going through page after page as he talked about each detail of the will in front of her, she thought of the open window in her room and the birds outside and the cool air coming in and the down comforter waiting and finally she was signing the last page and she was getting up and moving away, back to her room, back to her bed, to sleep. When she went out the next morning to take care of Lady, the goat was gone. Good riddance , she thought. Haymitch could easily take care of it along with those geese. One less thing to worry about. After several more days in bed, Katniss began to read. She combed her shelves for her favorite titles, rereading and escaping to the familiarity of stories. She basked in the comfort they brought, and she figured she could stand being awake if she could lose herself this way. After a few more days, however, she grew increasingly restless. She wandered the house, looking out windows. She opened the refrigerator and then closed it again, quickly. Something had gone bad. She stayed away from Prim's and her parents' rooms. She avoided the living room, with the wall of family pictures. She looked out the sliding glass door to the woods outside. Finally, she noticed the old laptop in the nook off the kitchen. She stared at it for just a moment before unplugging it and hauling it back to her room. Scrunching back down under the covers, she laid the laptop on her stomach and began to browse. She'd never been a huge Internet person. She knew her peers had always thought she was slightly ridiculous because of it. The truth was, she normally didn't like to sit still. She'd never had her own computer, and she'd not had much interest in sitting at the family desk except for when she was writing papers and had no choice. But she found herself on YouTube, and before she knew it, several hours had passed. And then several days had passed. While she was browsing one night, she chanced upon a kind of cooking channel called "The Bread Whisperer." The quality seemed more professional than most of the homemade videos she'd seen, but something about it told her it was homemade. The camera focused on a countertop and followed the cook's hands as he prepared what seemed to be a batch of shortbread. It was somewhat hypnotic, watching his hands lightly knead the dough before rolling it into a thick block. He spoke in a low, lilting voice, explaining the techniques he was using and giving alternate instructions to make sliced cookies. When the video came to an end, she scrolled through the archive on the channel, choosing an episode where he made a marbled pumpernickel loaf. Again, she watched his hands as they worked the dough, deftly turning and massaging it before now grinding the heel of his hand into it in a firm, steady rhythm. She watched that episode a second time. After that, she recognized that she was hungry, the realization gnawing at her stomach for the first time in days. She dragged herself out of bed and headed for the kitchen. She was watching it again. It was the most bizarre thing she could ever imagine, but here she was, addicted to watching this strange YouTube channel that showed a man's hands kneading dough. Or scooping cookies. Or frosting a cake, the spreading knife making quick flicks to replicate the waves of the sea. It didn't take her long to figure out that "The Bread Whisperer" updated on Monday and Thursday mornings. Now she found herself waking early those days, pulling the laptop towards her before her eyes were even fully open, anxious to see if the channel had updated yet. (Okay. If she was being honest with herself, there were occasions when she woke in the middle of the night, rolled over, and checked to see if it had updated early. But it WASN'T because she was obsessed. The thought was absurd. She was just . . . curious.) And it wasn't just his hands that fascinated her. The camera never strayed from a shot of his hands and forearms, but those forearms moved in ways she'd never considered. She had re-watched countless times the episode when he kneaded the heavy 9-grain dough with cranberries and sunflower seeds. The veins on his wrists protruded and his tendons popped and she couldn't pull her eyes away. But what really captivated her was his voice. Having spent all of her life living in various regions of the South, she felt pretty strongly that she could pin his accent to North Carolina. And if she were pressed, she would say the North Carolina mountains. She liked to think that he lived near her. She knew she was being silly. But something about that voice just did things to her. It was comforting, and it resounded in her mind even after she'd stopped watching. When she finally ventured out to the grocery store, she found herself buying stick butter and searching to make sure she bought organic, unsalted – after he'd insisted his viewers use it during the episode when he made croissants. And when she purchased flour, she made sure she found an unbleached variety. (She had