"Nevertheless I long - I pine all my days to travel home and see the dawn of my return. And if a god will wreck me yet again on the wine-dark sea, I can bear that too, with a spirit tempered to endure." The Odysse y by Homer, translated by Robert Fagles, V 242-245 Katniss looked out among the crowd of Phaeacians who were waiting for her to speak. Didn't they understand? Storytelling was not her strength. But the youngest Phaeacian Prince, a handsome youth named Gale, prompted her again. "Please, my lady. Tell us how you got here?" *** It had begun with a kidnapping. Katniss had never been careless, but perhaps joy had gotten in the way of her instincts. It was as if a veil had lifted from her eyes, and she could finally see clearly. She loved Peeta. She always had. She wasn't sure why she'd thought anything else. She knew with sudden clarity that she could never leave him. But there was the problem of Cato, son of Priam. And she knew it would be hard to explain to him why, after all, she would not go with him to Troy. She had underestimated his attachment to her - and his reckless nature. Before she knew it, she was on a boat halfway across the Aegean Sea. And then she was in Troy, presented to Cato's brother, his father, most appallingly, his people, as the bride of their land, a testament to the unfailing peace between their countries. She'd been only fifteen. She refused to marry Cato, and his father and brother had taken pity on her. But then the Greeks had attacked, and she was stuck. Ten long years and war waged. She learned. She realized her careless mistakes. She realized the folly of refusing to trust her own feelings. She realized, and she waited. She wondered about Peeta. Where was he? She wondered if anyone would come for her. Athena, daughter of Zeus, was her most frequent visitor, bolstering her spirits, whispering to her of a life worth waiting for. When the horse, the peace offering, showed up at the city gates, she tried to hide her smile. She knew. She recognized her kinsmen's cunning. The people of the city welcomed the horse. The years of war had brought poverty and hardship upon them, and they were desperate to believe that something good could happen. They had prayed to their gods. They had made their offerings. They had no reason to believe the gift was something other than genuine. But she knew. She not only knew, she prepared. In the night, she stole out of the palace disguised as a servant. She had her bow strapped to her torso, jutting down her leg. Her arrows nestled between her shoulder blades. In the dark city streets, she waited for the battle to begin, used her arrows to aid her countrymen, and watched as the Greeks decimated the city. As the battle subsided and the men began to collect the dead, she saw Cato, son of Priam. In the smoke of fires, he was slipping off, making an escape. She notched her last arrow and let it fly. Her business with him was finished. By the light of the burning city, she saw the bright-eyed goddess Athena watching from the parapet of the palace roof. Peeta was here. She knew in her bones he was here, and she was feverish to find him. She searched the battlefield and then the camps. For several days she wandered from one fireside to the next, asking for news of her family, news of her home. And then finally she found Finnick, battered and weary from years of war. Her heart surged in her chest as she fell into his arms. Crying, clutching to this form from home, she felt a piece of herself reforming, recognition of who she was emerging from the fog of captivity. "What are you doing here?" he asked frantically, talking into her hair. "Where is Peeta?" she asked, pulling back from him. "Is he here? Where is he?" She saw his face fall minutely, and her insides gripped in terror. He had to be here, had to be alive. The gods couldn't fail her now when she was so close to finding her home. "He's gone already, Katniss. They told us," he paused. "Cato told us they had sent you back weeks ago. It's the only reason we let him live." Katniss stared at him mutely. "Peeta readied his ship that night and was gone to find you." "I escaped. As soon as I saw the horse, I knew. I snuck out. I was there in the battle. I looked for him." She was falling. Her legs buckled beneath her, and Finnick caught her as she sagged towards the ground. He fed her that night and put her to bed, but her sleep was restless and she cried out, waking them both again and again. She dreamed of the olive tree, the place where she first saw Peeta. She'd been starving. Her father had died, and her mother had been cast out from his family, who no longer wanted the extra mouths of a widow and her two daughters. They had lived in a cave for weeks, and Katniss had foraged for food as her mother lay in heartache and her sister tried to care for her. But Katniss couldn't bring in enough to feed them. They were starving. In desperation, she had crept towards the palace, sneaking behind the kitchens, hoping to beg pity from the cooks. But as she crouched down by the olive tree, she'd seen the young prince instead. Peeta, his father King of Ithaca, had come out from the kitchen door. She was weak, and when she saw him, she froze in fear, afraid he might order her away from the palace. But he recognized her distress and brought her into the kitchens. He fed her and asked of her family. It was uncharacteristic for Katniss to trust, but she did trust Peeta from that very moment. He followed her to the cave, bringing with them supplies - food and water and blankets. And he found work for them in the palace, so they never faced starvation again after that. She saw Peeta every day, and their childhood friendship remained into their teens. He loved her. He first told her when he was thirteen, on the brink of manhood. But Katniss knew his mother, knew she would never approve. And she couldn't do that to Peeta: she didn't want to cause more problems in the family. She knew the expectation that Peeta would marry a woman of wealth and family standing. She knew Peeta could never marry her. But still they met at the olive tree each day so they could talk. Or sometimes Peeta would paint as Katniss made arrows or foraged through the woods. The olive tree was theirs, the place where she was most happy. Katniss awoke from her dream but could find no comfort in the images of home. By the first pale light of morning, she lay on her pallet with red eyes and foreboding in her heart. She wondered if she would ever see him again. And if she did, she wondered how she would ever deserve him, deserve the happiness that would come with loving him. "Does he know, Finnick?" she asked into the quiet tent. "Does he know that I love him?" He lay silently, but she knew he was awake, so she waited. "He loves you," he said quietly. "That's all he knows." He rolled over to face her, and she could see his green eyes in the light of dawn as they rested on her face. "I'll get you home to him, Katniss. We'll start today." *** Only the gods could know of the journey ahead of them. Encountering storms so brutal no ship could navigate, the small fleet finally found themselves in the land of the Lotus Eaters. Katniss was exhausted, had not been able to sleep for days from the rocking of the ship, and as she lay down in the tall grasses, a bliss so deep and gentle flooded her. For the first time in years, she fell asleep without thinking of Peeta. But gray-eyed Athena, always watching out for her favorite, came to Katniss in a dream, filling her mind with thoughts of home, nudging her back awake. They battled cannibals, the fearsome Cyclops, losing many men in his cave. And they angered Poseidon, god of the loud-roaring sea, when Finnick blinded the hideous mutt. Navigating the wine-dark sea, avoiding rocky shoals and monsters, Sirens who would sing them to their death, the years took their toll, and more than once Katniss grieved, believed she would never make it home. And then the unthinkable happened. *** Her voice faltered, and the Phaeacians waited patiently. The young prince poured her more wine. "You are safe now," he said. "You can stay here and be safe. Don't tell us more if it troubles you." But she must speak, though the words came thickly and never enough. Never the right ones. But to honor him, she must finish his story. "We had angered the gods," she said simply. "We made a mistake, and we paid for it over and over again. I am, still, paying." *** "Throughout our journey, we met many men and monsters, gods and lesser gods, some who wished to help and some who did not. But all our efforts proved vain against the wrath of Poseidon. With a depleted crew, we attempted to navigate the narrow path between the terrors of Scylla and Charybdis. The whirlpool most treacherous, Charybdis, would pull our boat in, killing us all. So Finnick made the decision to skirt closer to Scylla, a deadly, six-headed mutt who would reach out to us from her rock." Katniss tried to swallow as her throat closed up on her words. "In trying to lose the least, he lost the most." Katniss looked out at the table of strangers but only saw the loud-roaring sea, the bright blue of the sky, the dark red blood that ran down the mutt's many heads. "I watched as the monster grabbed up the flailing crewmen, terror in their eyes as they were consumed. The ship made it past the mutt, but Finnick and the crew did not." She remembered the revulsion and grief she felt as she saw the mutt's gaping jaws close down on Finnick, his eyes bulging in fear. She'd never seen him afraid before that moment. And above Scylla, rising from the waves of the ocean, she saw earth-shaker Poseidon, laughing at her grief, surrounded by the foam of the ocean, white as snow. "I drifted on the open sea for days. I dreamed of the underworld, seeing my father there. He spoke to me of my family still at home: Prim, my mother, those still alive who needed me." Her father had shown her a vision of Peeta. She saw him in a dark room painting. "I awoke to a renewed will to live. On the fifth day, I saw an island. "The gods were gracious when they brought me to Johanna's house, but I stayed there too long. She nursed me back to life, wanted me to stay, but I could only dream of home. How many days did I wander down to the beach, gazing upon the sea - the same waters that kissed the shores of home? How many times did I look up to the sky - the same sky that blanketed my family, my home? "Athena, daughter of Zeus, has been my constant companion on this journey, and she did not forget me in the end. She came to Johanna and helped her see truth. I needed to go. So Johanna provided me with a ship. "But Poseidon, bull of the sea, had one last piece of