AN: I hope you all love my new piece, it's a bit, unlike anything I've written. I love to hear what you think, good or bad, and I hope you'll enjoy this piece Warnings: Language and reference to war and deaths. Update: Once a week at least. Thank you to the wonderful SaintDionysus & Dramieylo, I owe you everything. August August 31st, 1998 Her trunk was packed and her bag crammed with books. The morning had been exhaustive, filled with farewells that left her cheeks damp from the tears of goodbye. The endless woes of Mrs Weasley were becoming irksome and, as horrible as she felt about thinking it, she was rather glad that she was going to be away for several months. The older witch was cupping her cheeks as she stood at the back of the crowd, Hermione slowly edging closer to the fireplace in the hope of just fleetingly escaping. The Burrow, which usually flurried with happiness and delight, had been coated in a veil of mourning since the war ended. It was completely understandable; more so it was expected. For Hermione though, it just made her feel like she should do more or leave and allow them the chance to grieve without people watching them. It was upon Mrs Weasley's insistence that Harry and herself stay, and while appreciated in the days following the end, it had worn thin in the weeks of journalists wanting statements and the repairs at Hogwarts. It was all the more uncomfortable when she finally spoke to Ron. A warm summer's evening that started out light-hearted before turning darker before her eyes. It was silly of her to think that the war would have pushed him to grow up, to see that his need to prove himself was childish — after all he had just fought in a war and saved thousands of lives. It all came down to the fact that he loved her, but he wasn't in love with her. No matter her protests, he wouldn't believe that she loved him. It hurt, and she wouldn't admit this to anyone, but it was what caused her to reply to her former head of house's request and accept the offer to finish her final year. Hermione had hated telling them— the many eyes fixed on that belonged to the sea of red heads that lived here, their open mouths as she broke the news over dinner. Her stomach bubbling with nerves and doing flips as she tried to prepare the words that were too hard to say. The silence that followed was worse and she was sure a pin could have dropped. She watched as Ron stood up from the table, his eyes burning into her with the hatred she had never known him have for her. Harry following much to her dismay, even if he did look just as disappointed in Ron as she was. She felt her heart sink, wishing that for once he'd stand by her side and not go after him. If not for Ginny, she was sure she'd have collapsed into the chair in tears. They took her choice as an insult, although it was never one, to begin with, and it was more for herself, to better herself and make the parents that didn't know she even existed, proud. That was what drove her to drown her sorrows—ending up in a dingy pub with even grimier company. She had never been one to have much interest in alcohol, not entirely liking the taste, or liking the state it got you in. But she needed to relax; she needed to find a way to make her head stop buzzing all the time. She blamed the alcohol for shutting down her brain and thus causing her to slide in beside no other than the bright blond Slytherin she detested. His booth was quiet and in darkness, as if he hoped to remain anonymous or unseen. She couldn't stop her mouth from spouting words including discussions of his trial and times they both would rather forget. Hermione couldn't stop even when he looked at her pleadingly with those silver eyes that she wished she didn't like. She wished she had remained tight-lipped when he offered to walk her home and instead of nodding... instead of looping her arm through his and proceeding to follow him out of the door, she wished she had just slumped herself at the bar and hoped someone else rescued her. Ron eventually found a way to act normal with her. She had her suspicions that Harry had interfered; while normally that would bother her, she was just pleased everyone was speaking. The hangover she nursed that day halted her from saying anything more than, "I forgive you, Ronald," and put as much effort as she could muster into a hug. She spent the next few days to her departure with Ginny. The two cleaned her bedroom and finding and packing all of Hermione's things. The two girls chatted all the while about who would be returning and if they would be sharing classes, which Hermione did know she would, but she remained tight-lipped when it came to discussing Ron not wishing to lose her friendship. On the morning of her departure, the tears were fresh and the happiness bubbling in her chest as Harry happily stepped closer, wrapping his arms around her neck, the hug was meant to calm her but had only managed to put her more on edge. The realisation that they would be separate, that for the first time she would be without her two best friends at the school where they had met. "If you need anything..." Harry whispered. If not for the thousands of times that she had heard that offer, she was sure she'd have smiled. Everyone she knew had said it at some point. The first being when she found out the spell on her parents was irreversible. Then when she told them all she was going back to study because she felt she needed too, she had been inundated with, 'if you need anythings.' Hermione painted a soft smile on her stern mask, releasing Harry without it looking like she wanted him to let go. "I believe that I am quite capable of looking after myself, Harry James Potter," she replied curtly before grinning. "But, I will owl if I could do with a bit of the Chosen One's help." "Okay, Brightest Witch of her Age ," Harry teased as she poked him softly. Her eyes were moving to Ron who was edging closer, his hand rubbed the back of his neck as she took a large breath before trying to appear calm. "We'll worry about you, won't we?" Harry asked Ron as he nodded in reply. "Well, I don't think there is much need. You'll be here, after all, trouble follows you." Hermione giggled under her breath as Harry threw his arms around her once more, her frame jumping in surprise before relaxing into his hold finding herself more comfortable with his hug than the first one. Ron had moved closer to them and currently looking unsure whether or not to add to the hug or wait his turn. When Harry finally released her, Ron forced a smile and placed his arms more casually around her. "We'll miss you…" "I'll miss you too," she said truthfully, biting her lower lip to hold back her tears. "Please be careful, both of you ." "Don't replace us," Ron whispered as he pressed his chapped lips to her cheek, a flurry of warmth spreading out over the site where he had touched and a blush spreading up her cheeks as he let go. She swallowed whatever was stuck in her throat, taking the bag strap from Harry as she nodded to them both. "I could never replace you… either of you." Harry threw his arm around Ron's shoulders, the two moving closer as if creating a shield between her and the rest of the Weasleys. She took one last look around the place she had called home for the last few weeks, a bubble in her stomach that she assumed was excitement slowly simmering, but with a smile, she flushed it away. Stepping back into the fireplace, taking a handful of powder in her movements she met the green eyes once more, hoping to convey the message that he needed to look after Ron now. "Professor McGonagall's office." Hermione declared as she dropped the power, watching time slow down as the powder tumbled through the air and a slow flash of green flames licked at her legs and skirt before she felt like she was sucked through the air. She was going home. Finally. August 31st, 1998 When he had received the owl in a drunken mess a few days after his trial at the beginning of August, he was sure he was dreaming. There could be no way that the school that he had helped ruin wanted him to return, it was ludicrous and unlikely. Upon further investigations once sobered, he realised how true it was. While he was stunned, he had never been more certain about doing something more in his was how he came to be sat across from the Transfiguration professor, her stern glare burning into him as she asked him the question he had known would come. What do you hope to achieve? Draco could list a thousand and one things. A hundred at least revolving around what he didn't want his life to mean and what he wanted to change. So he answered the question fluently, he apologised and did what his mother advised him to do the most, "put your tail between your legs." It happened to work in his favour, the professor nodding with a smile that showed she was impressed before asking him to follow. He walked through the castle that he had spent hours repairing, he walked past places that held memories he wished had been buried and he found light where there use to be darkness. All in all, the castle looked and felt more like home than it had done previously, and for that, nothing made him happier about his choice in coming back. His punishment was unexpected, a loss in their finances and a mark upon his record that meant he needed to be squeaky clean for twenty-four months. He wanted to add in the courtroom that he would never be seen walking in his father's footsteps, they were not shoes he wished to wear, but he saved that anecdote for himself and simply took what was said on board. He wrote two letters before replying to the offer at Hogwarts. One to Potter, where he thanked him for his words at his hearing and the other to Granger, for coming and testifying even after all he had done to her. He sent them with hesitation, not that he didn't want to say the words in them but because he was scared of what it would mean when they read them. Would they still look at him with disdain like he deserved? Would they turn from him in the street? Or worse, would they hate him forever? He heard nothing back, not that he expected too. Which made it all the more uncomfortable when he came face to face with the bushy-haired Gryffindor, in a pub, alone. He didn't approach her, he simply buried his head in the sand and when she stumbled over he had induced far too much to remain his usual self. He wasn't sure how much either of them had consumed to end up talking all night in the dark corner of the Hogs Head. He wasn't sure how much she had consumed to place her arm around his neck and whisper that she, "had forgiven him long ago," but when he awoke the next morning with a stonking headache, he had a good guess that he had consumed