Author's note: Hey guys! So I came up with this idea and it's been forming in my head pretty nicely over the course of a few weeks. Now, it's kinda a crossover, but to me that means different things. In this story, the stories swap places, settings, worlds. Now, I'm not going to write the Hunger Games portion of this fanfic, because I have literally no idea how that'd end. Something like Katniss is a daughter of Apollo and so is Prim, but Peeta is a son of Demeter? And Gale as maybe a son of Hephaestus? I really don't know, but those ideas sound totally off to me. I guess I could see that, if you really wanted me to write it, but I'm sticking to the PJO and HOO part first. I'm in both fandoms at least, so I could . This part, however, the one you're about to read, is set in Panem during the 70th Hunger Games, with Percy as the main character. If you still don't get it- just relax and read since it's about to get hella interesting. Summary : Percy Jackson lives in District 4. What happens when his name is one of many in the reaping pool? What happens when he meets the other opponents, and finds that they have lives to? The 70th Hunger Games is looking to be spectacular, on all accounts. Will Percy Jackson join the careers, or will he stick to his own script? What will the Capitol have to say if he does? What happens if President Kronos doesn't like all the mysterious talk about rebellion among the Districts? Percy Jackson AU- Where everyone is in Panem. (Not calling it a crossover, since I only use Percy Jackson characters). Disclaimers: I don't own a damn thing. Not PJO, HOO, or HG. Those reservations go to Suzanne Collins and Rick the mighty Riordan. Warnings: Eh, it's a mix of horrible pain, gore, and well, sadness and misery. It's the Hunger Games people. Major character death/minor character death. A whole lot of death, so prepare yourself. ~~~!~~~ Percy's POV My jaw hurt from clenching so hard. I resisted the urge to bawl my eyes out by shear force of will. I stood among the hundreds of kids, and wondered how I had gotten to this point. The whole day flashed in my mind. I woke up in my bed, not exactly a comfortable bed, but mine nonetheless. I glanced over to the little window on the far wall of my bedroom. It was bright out, probably around 8 o' clock or so. With a sigh I got up and got dressed into something not my bed clothes, which ended up being a soft cotton t-shirt and a pair of jeans, and left to get breakfast in the dining room. My house was a moderate size, well, at least enough for my mother, my stepfather, and me. My mother, Sally Blofis sat at the table, putting grain on a plate for me as I walked in. Paul was also at the table, and looked up with a warm smile as I sat in front of them both. "Morning," I said a little quiet as I dug into my food. Grain and fish. Well, not the good fish, like the big trout and the bass that the fishermen caught past the dams. No, this fish was the tiny sardine kind. It was pretty much the leftovers from the fishing, and whatever that wouldn't be good on the market. I seriously hated it. Couldn't we get anything else to eat? I wasn't sure what kind of food I would prefer, but anything is better than this. Rabbit maybe? Or maybe some chicken. Yeah, that sounded way better than fish. "Morning," Paul replied, trying to keep everything light. It was a little hard, considering what day it was. All three of us knew what day it was. It wasn't a day any family in Panem could forget. Mom looked at me with misery in her eyes. I hated today, just for that reason. Her sad eyes, that looked at me like the world was ending. Today had always been hard for mom, just like every other mom in the country. Today was reaping day. With a soft clink , Paul's fork dropped on his plate as he got up to place his dish in the sink. Right. Paul still had to work today, even if I didn't have school. When the time came for the announcements, he could leave work to go and see the reaping for himself, but only after he had worked a few hours. My stepfather is a fisherman. He's one of many in our District, which in case I forgot to mention, is District Four. He's great at his job, from what his coworkers always tell me. He's even taught me a few times, mainly on how to use his trident and swim, but it's still good practice. I wish Paul was my real dad. It's not that he doesn't treat me like I am already, but it would have saved my mom and I a lot of trouble. My real dad...he was fantastic, don't get me wrong. He loved my mom with all his heart. About a year after their wedding, they were destined to have me. My mom says that dad had loved me almost more than he had loved her. I wish I remembered him; then I could judge for myself, but Poseidon Smith had died a few months before my first birthday. The only thing I remember of him is a warm smile, but then again I could have conjured it up in my head. It sounded better than picturing his death, anyway. See, a lot of people in District Four go missing by the water. Mysterious runaways on boating missions or shipwrecked fisherman lost at sea. My father was one of those. What one of his coworkers had told my mother was that he had gone to get his shrimp net, and then my father fell into the water and drowned. Yeah, like I buy that crap. Anyway, when my father died, mom was a mess. She tried with all her heart to take care of me and eventually came to the conclusion that a small candy vending job couldn't provide for the both of us. That's when she met Gabe. He was the worst jackass I'd ever meet. He was abusive, a drunk, and the worst person in Panem. Well, next to President Kronos of course, but I digress. After a few years, like a good ten to be exact, my mother met Paul Blofis. Suddenly without warning Gabe Ugliano got a "surprise" death during his job with maintenance of the dam. Yeah, I say "surprise" because if I'm being honest with you, I have strict suspicion that my mother messed with Gabe's equipment before he left for work that day. I am extremely proud of my mother. Good riddance and have fun rotting in hell, asshole. Anyway, my mom ended up needing "comfort after Gabe's horrible death." This she found in Paul Blofis and the guys been with us ever since. Now, don't get me wrong, my mother's love life is kind of a complete mess, but she's only done what's best for us both. She really wasn't expecting a payoff from Panem after his death, but it was nice anyway. She used that money for a wedding with Paul, so needless to say it was put to good use. To make things simpler to those who have a messed up brain like me- Paul's the only real dad I've ever had. I love that guy more than I care to admit. He's wonderful to my mom, and he's always there if I need some relationship advice, some homework help, or general moral support. Okay, enough backstory, back to the now, where Paul's leaving for work and mom is kissing him solemnly on the cheek. "Everything will be fine Sally," Paul said softly to her. With lowered eyes she shook her head. "Percy's taken too many rations," She replied quietly. I laughed at her, trying to keep things light. I never liked seeing her like this. It depressed me more than the Games did, and that's saying something. Unfortunately, that's what this is all about. Today was the annual reaping day for the Hunger Games, a brutal fight to the death between twenty-four teenage kids from all twelve Districts. For some of the stronger and older teens (myself obviously not included because although I'm seventeen I am a total wimp with a pretty poor family) they volunteer for the Games. They want to be in them, to fight to the death, and win for our District. Let me just say, that's completely stupid. I value my own life much more than that. I'm not suicidal. "My name's not the only one in there, mom. You can ask Grover. Besides, if I am called on, someone will volunteer for me long before they even finished my name. Some of these kids are crazy, you know that." I said confidently. I was honestly just trying to make her feel better. No one would volunteer for me, I'm seventeen. They'd expect me to be the one volunteering. "I'm worried about Grover and Tyson too," My mom said seriously. Here, let me give you the spark notes version- Grover's been my best friend since I can't even remember when. He's like a year older than me with a stringy goatee, brown curly hair, and a cheery smile. Since he's eighteen, he had to get a job to provide for his family. He works as an environmentalist for the plant life and the ocean where we do most of our fishing. Tyson is like my younger brother. He's a little slow at times, but he's got a heart of gold. Most of the time not spent learning about fishing with Paul or doing chores for my mom was spent hanging out with them. Tyson's name wasn't in the reaping pool today, since he's only eleven, but his older brother Briares' name is. Tyson's pretty messed up about it, but taking him out for a swim will probably get him out of that funk. I hope so, anyway. Grover's name isn't in the pool either, since he officially reached the age of eighteen like three days ago. Lucky bastard. Anyway, he lives with his Uncle Ferdinand and he never had to get too many rations. I wish I was that prosperous, but last year was a rough fishing season, leaving my family without a lot of food. I didn't have a choice but to sign up for rations, causing my name to be in the reaping pool about twenty times this year. "It'll be fine, mom. Really. I'm going to go for a swim with Tyson and Grover. Maybe that'll calm his nerves. You remember how he was yesterday, all nervous energy. It'll do him some good." My mother sighed and tried for a smile as I got up, cleared my own plate, and headed toward my bedroom in search of my bathing suit. "Okay, Percy," ~~~!~~~ Tyson, Grover, and I sat on a little beach near the water, soaking wet. Saltwater was one of my favorite smells, if I'm honest. I could spend all day just sitting there on the beach, my hands in the sand and my back dripping with water. I looked over at my companions and saw Grover examining a sliver of seaweed and Tyson brushing off a seashell from the ground. He looked like he was feeling better after our swim, at least. We had an hour until everyone had to be in the town square or watch from home on T.V. "You think Juniper will be okay?" asked Grover, shaking water out of his brown locks and looking at me with a worried expression. The seaweed he had had in his hand