Author's Note: Hey y'all! I hope you like the new fanfic I made! I'm actually really impressed with myself. This is a fanfic and not a one-shot. There will indeed be other chapters :) Hey so also, about this story, there is some real dark stuff in here . It addresses things like rape . I don't wanna go into too much detail because it might ruin the story for you, but if you are uncomfortable with reading heavy material please DO NOT READ Please, people. I don't want to trigger anything from anyone and I'd rather not feel bad about someone's experience. That being said, I personally really love the story, but it's my baby so what can I say? Don't own the Percy Jackson Universe. All rights reserved to the king Rick Riordan Main Pairing: Percico Love you guys and don't forget to fav and review! Love feedback! ~Cryellow ~~~!~~~ Change of Plans Percy's entire day was horrible. Okay, admittedly he'd had some pretty good days in the past. There had been dates with Annabeth that he had particularly liked. There had also been blissful days after he had fought some nasty battles, days were he would just bask in the glow of the sun. Those things had nothing on the day Percy had. As opposed to those wonderful days, this one was particularly rotten. He had just been told that he had failed one special test or another. Honestly, with as many as he had taken, it was pretty hard to pin point. His mom had given him the news over Iris- message, as he had just arrived at Camp Half Blood for possibly the last summer before wanting to move to New Rome. Wanting , is key here, because now that he had failed this test he had to take it again in three months. That's at least what the woman had said on the phone when his mom had called for him. "She said there was a long waiting list, Percy. The retake is different from the original." Sally had told him, her eyes full of pity. This meant that any plans that Percy had about moving to New Rome after summer were destroyed. It wasn't like the test was easy! His dyslexia made it almost impossible to answer the questions, and even the math ones had been all word based. If it had been in Greek, Percy probably would have passed it. As it was, he didn't. This didn't exactly bode well, since Annabeth had passed every one of her tests with flying colors, and was going to New Rome right after camp. He found her after the call with his mom over at the rock climbing wall, trying to keep her stamina up. She jumped down when she saw him and seemed like she was prepared, since he obviously looked like he had bad news. Her face grew grim as he told her what happened. He suggested that maybe they could both postpone going to college until next year. She shook her head at him in determination. "I'm committed now, Percy. I passed all my tests. I have to go! You'll just have to wait." "Wait an entire year, while you're over at New Rome?! That's so unfair! It's not like I wanted to fail the test!" She shook her head at him, disappointed. "Honestly I'm not surprised." "You didn't think I could do it?!" Percy asked her shocked. "Well yes, and look, you didn't. You failed." "Thanks for reminding me! A real confidence booster for sure!" "I am not going out of my way to wait a whole year so that I can wait for you! I've actually been excited about this since I applied. Their architecture program is going to be awesome!" Percy stood facing her, his mouth open in shock. "I can't believe you! I get to stand by and watch while you go through college, having the time of your life!" "I'm sure you'll find a job. Besides, I can take care of myself." She crossed her arms, her eyebrows sunk low on her forehead. "I'm sure you can, Miss I-know-everything! Wisdom's daughter more like Book Nerd's daughter!" He snapped at her. Her face grew angry as he threw the insults. Okay, sure, he was being really mean, but he just found out he failed a test and was going to leave his girlfriend to the other side of the country for the whole year , possibly more. Plus, Annabeth was taking this almost as if it was good news. She looked thrilled that she could spend the time to herself. It made Percy pretty bitter, since all he had wanted to do was move in with her and start a life. She glared at him and Percy could almost see the smoke rising from her ears. "Percy you have no right to call me those things, and you know it! You are so childish! Grow up and face the music! I am going to New Rome at the end of camp and you are not! That is it. I will not give up a year of my education so that you can fail that test again!" "Fail it again?! There you go, calling me stupid! Well, I'm not! I'm smart enough to have seen how you felt for Luke even before we went into the Sea of Monsters! I'm also smart enough to have seen you looking at that guy Joshua from New Rome! That tour we went on? Don't think I forgot how you were ogling that son of Vulcan! I've even heard you Iris-message him while I'm not around! Now tell me, if I'm so stupid, how could I possibly see that?!" "I never called you stupid!" Both of them were really heated at this point. A son of Hermes had walked by, probably going on the rock climbing course, but quickly ran away at seeing both of the demigods in such a heated battle of wills. "And how dare you bring up Luke! Josh is a friend! He likes architecture as much as I do! We were comparing notes!" " I bet that's why you want to go so bad," Percy said, his eyes hardening. "He's going into the architecture program with you, isn't he? He is, I can see it on your face. You're even blushing, how cute. You know what? I bet you can't wait to tell him I failed so that you can room with him. You're thrilled! Don't deny it! Well now you can compare notes all alone, huh? I'll be here in New York and Bob the Builder will be at New Rome with you!" For a minute Annabeth looked like she wanted to snort, but instead went with her fury. "You know what? You're right! I'm totally in love with Josh! Wow! Just like how you're in love with Nico!" Percy blushed crimson, shocked at the implication. "I am not in love with Nico!" "Uh, huh, sure. Well this know-it-all knows a thing or two about sexuality! You've been bisexual since I met you, Perce! If I'm looking at Josh then you sure as hell are looking at Nico! Every time he walks in the room you go into another world! When he turns around you stare at his ass!" Annabeth scoffed at him, her hands now on her hips. " I do not!" Percy's hands were in fists, not that he was going to hurt Annabeth, but more out of frustration. Admittedly, he had looked at the boy once in a while. He couldn't help it. After Nico had confessed that he had had a crush on Percy, Percy started thinking about it. He started mulling over the idea. But it wasn't only Nico either. He remembered getting a boner after first meeting the sun god and watching Luke get all sweaty when he would train with him at sword fighting. Despite all that, he never acted on any of those things. Annabeth meant too much to him. The idea that he was bisexual was something he always brushed over or shook off with a head shake. He had been too busy saving the world or working at school. He tried to do that here, but in the heat of the argument he took it almost like an insult rather than an observation. "You do too! You keep acting like the victim and about how you'll be 'all alone' while I'm at New Rome! You'll have your pretty emo boy to stare at!" Annabeth said outraged. " He is not my pretty emo boy ." Percy said his voice low with anger. "You know what? Maybe this is a good thing! Then I can get the hell away from you!" "The feeling is mutual, I assure you! I'm tired of having to play happy girlfriend while I watch you stare at someone else!" " I am not staring at him! " Percy said. "And what about Tartarus? Doesn't that mean anything to you at all? We stayed together through that entire thing! Or are you going to say that I was staring at Bob's ass?!" "Tartarus was horrible and I will always love you for what happened in there, but I just can't anymore, Percy! I'm done with trying to reason with someone who refuses to listen." "Fine, then. I get it. Have fun with Joshua in New Rome. Tell him I said hi before you start comparing notes ." Percy stormed away, not quite realizing what just happened. That night it really hit him and he didn't go to the dining hall. He was too busy balling his eyes out in his cabin. Annabeth had been his first real love, but just like she had, apparently, he had been feeling the love between them dim while there was no war going on. Because of no war they had talked quite a lot. A lot about other things, like if they liked amusement parks or if they liked a certain band. It was kinda sad how little they had in common. It turned out that maybe they were better apart, after all. Percy wasn't curled up like some dame about it. He was knocking the beds over and punching the wall. His tears streamed down his face as he knocked the Minotaur horn from it's hanging on the wall and fell on his butt on his bed. His head hanging low and dropping tears everywhere on the floor, he grabbed fistfuls of his hair. He was about to maybe go for a late night swim to clear his head or make him feel better, when he heard a knock at the door. He hastily rubbed his eyes, knowing that his eyes were puffy and his cheeks swollen anyway, and walked to the door. He looked down into the face of Nico di Angelo. The last thing Percy wanted was to see the boy that had been a factor in the break up, but here he was anyway. Percy felt the unmistakable feel of tiny butterflies as he looked at Nico in front of him. "Percy?" Nico asked, his eyebrows high on his head in concern. "What happened? You weren't at dinner and-" "What do you want, Nico?" He snapped at the boy, upset that he couldn't go back to his crying. He sounded like he had a head cold but letting it out seemed to help him somewhat. "I just wanted to check on you, man." Nico held up his hands in a placating manner. "You usually never miss dinner. Why are you crying? Is your mom okay?" Ever since Percy's 15th birthday and a slice of blue cake, Nico had loved Sally Jackson. Every once in a while Nico would ask to tag along to Percy's house just to talk to the woman. She liked him just as much. "My mom's fine and so am I. I was just about to go to bed, so if you