Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : Little Brother Rating : M Summary : My older sister's best friend hasn't been around for nine years. But she's coming home for my high school graduation. I remember her…I remember her well… Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. My first dirty dream ever involved an eighteen-year-old girl named Bella Swan. Nothing out of the ordinary there, right? Except, I was nine at the time. Bella Swan was the type of teenage girl most moms wouldn't want their daughters hanging out with, most dads wouldn't want their sons dating, and most families in general would look down on out of the corners of their eyes. A whole lot of whispering went on whenever Bella walked down the streets of Forks dressed in her short, tight skirts, swaying her hips while her sharp heels click-clacked noisily over the pavement. She had a habit of flipping her long, brown hair while grinning and winking at every male that passed her by, earning pointed glares from disapproving parents and jealous wives – which she laughed at and ignored. I'm sure all those married men thought a night on the cold couch was worth a wink from Bella – probably enough to keep 'em warm late into the lonely night. They sure as hell kept me warm that night of my first nocturnal emission. Bella Swan was fucking beautiful, that's what she was. She was funny and confident and sexy as hell and not the least bit apologetic about any of it despite the fact that we lived in one of the smallest damn towns in the country. In Forks, the neighbor's cow giving birth was news, never mind an eighteen-year old girl hooking up with her boyfriend in the bed of her old truck. Of course, I figured all this out later, here and there over the past few years as I thought about her. Back then, I didn't know she was beautiful. I had no fucking clue what all those crooked glares from everybody meant. I didn't know a whole lot. Bella left town not long after that first wet dream of mine. Off to college and a new life, she said one morning while sitting at my parents' breakfast table. A life where she wouldn't have to apologize to anyone for who she was and what she wanted. My parents agreed with her. See, my parents weren't like most parents. My family wasn't like most families. My family loved Bella Swan. Bella was the daughter of our small town's police chief, Charlie Swan. Her mother wasn't around anymore, having walked out on Bella and Charlie when Bella was ten. Not that I remember any of this. I was barely a year old at the time. Charlie was therefore left to raise Bella on his own, and well…I suppose a police chief didn't have the time required to raise a pre-pubescent daughter, to make sure she wore her skirts to her knees – or kept them on at all for that matter. Bella was left to her own devices, and I guess she got up to things a young teenage girl wasn't supposed to get up to. And when Bella and my sister, Alice, began hanging out together in middle school, I suppose my parents began feeling responsible for her. I'd be lying if I said I remember the day I met Bella. She was just always there. Both of them nine years older than me, we had very different interests at that point: with them, it was usually boys; with me, it ranged from Hot Wheels to video games. I'd also be lying if I said that I fell in love with Bella when we were kids. I was nine years old, for God's sakes, when she left Forks. My main concern at that point in my life was helping my buddy, Emmett, rid the streets of Racoon City of zombies. So no, I didn't pay her much attention back then. I don't recall anything important or life-altering she may have ever said. I don't even think I ever knew what color her eyes were before she left Forks. But I do remember what happened the night before my dirty dream… XXXXXX "Hey, Ed, you wanna go get some ice-cream?" Alice asked me that afternoon while Emmett and I furiously worked over the controllers to keep the horde at bay. "Leave me alone, Al! Can't you see me and Em are busy right now? Aw hell, Em, you see that guy's guts splatter across the screen? Sweet!" "Come on, Edward! Bella and I wanna go get ice-cream, but Mom says we gotta take you with us!" I smirked, keeping my eyes on the screen. "'Course she wants you to take me. You're a couple of bitches." Hey, hey, hey, I didn't mean it that way. That's just what I always heard them calling one another. Nevertheless, Em, my best bud, guffawed loudly at my side. "Good one, Ed." "Eff you, Edward," Alice said dryly. "And Emmett, I wouldn't talk bitches with that mother of yours. Come on, Edward!" I ignored her, too busy kicking zombie ass. "Edward, come on!" I won't bore you by expanding on this, but it continued for about another ten minutes. Eventually, she planted herself in front of the TV screen to try to convince me to go, then she tried to bribe me with talk of gummy bear toppings and warm, hot fudge, but I simply stretched my neck around her and reminded her that one, I hated gummies, and two, we had hot fudge in the pantry. "Jesus, Edward, Come on!" I kept right on ignoring her. "Edward?" Out of my periphery, I vaguely noted Bella sitting with her legs crossed on the arm of the couch. "What?" I asked distractedly. "Edward, look at me," Bella said, using a tone much smoother than my sister had been using. "I'm busy!" "Please?" she pleaded, in that same soft, smooth tone. "Just for two seconds, Edward. I promise it'll be worth it." Sucking my teeth, I spared what I only intended to be a glance in her direction. Like I said, don't ask me about her eyes – at least not what I knew of them then. She was wearing a white, ribbed tank-top – that, I do remember. She wore those a lot. And I remember that when I did turn my eyes her way, she was leaning towards me, and gravity had pulled her tank top away from her chest so that I got my first, bird's eye view of a pair of the most perfect breasts I've ever seen to this very day - nipples and all. Needless to say, the controller crashed to the floor. "Edward, come on, Man!" Emmett - who was too busy shooting off brains to see what was happening - yelled. "We're getting murdered here!" And I remember that while I stared at those round, plump, creamy tits, it was the first time I felt something strange way down low, a tingling that started in my stomach and seeped down into my groin, making it twitch almost painfully. "Edward, come with us, please? Your parents won't let Alice go unless you come along," she said, her voice taking on this breathy quality I'd never heard, "and we…well, we just really, really want ice-cream." She ended the sentence in a whisper, as if what she were telling me were a secret between just the both of us. Then she smiled, and I was frozen. Every part of my body was immobile – except for that part between my legs that kept twitching. After a few seconds, instead of picking up the controller, I found myself following a giggling Alice and Bella out the door. "I can't believe you flashed my little brother." "It worked, didn't it?" "Where the hell are you going?" Emmett called. "To get ice-cream, I guess," I muttered. XXXXXXX We did end up at the ice-cream shop, but what Alice and Bella had neglected to tell my mom was that James and Mike would be there waiting for them. See, James and Mike were the town of Forks' resident hoods. Punk troublemakers that rarely went to school and were always seen hanging out at corners, smoking these strange, short, white cigarettes and just generally being rowdy. Neither one was allowed entry into either my house or the Chief of Police's – whom I remember yelling at Bella once or twice about how he saw them enough as it was down at the precinct. Of course, this made them the kind of guys my sister and Bella would go for. Alice bribed me with a triple-decker Sundae with caramel sauce and M&Ms and two, extra-large sprays of whip cream on top. And while I'd like to say that I held on fast to my scruples and didn't allow myself to be bought off by such an inconsequential object, the truth is I worked my way through that bit of magic with a smile on my face. As for Alice and Bella, they laughed and batted their eyelashes at the two assholes, groping their muscles and pretending to shove away the assholes' hands when they tried to grope back. Once we were done there, we all walked back towards my house, taking the short cut through the woods that would hide us from view in case anyone in town see us with James and Mike and report back to Mom and Dad or the Chief. Never mind the fact that we'd always been warned not to take that hidden route in case a murderer decided to hide out there and kill us. My stomach was beginning to ache from the big, fucking sundae I'd just inhaled, so while Alice and James walked hand in hand in front, with Bella and Mike a few feet behind them, arms around each other's waists, I kept a couple of feet behind them all. After a while, Alice and James were out of view, and it was just the three of us for half of the way home. Rubbing my aching tummy, I half-listened to Bella and Mike talking and laughing. Every once in a while, James' hand would trail down to Bella's ass, cupping it over her tight skirt, and she'd smack it away. At one point, she looked back at me and turned back around. "Damn it, Mike, stop! Alice's kid brother is right behind us!" I remember Mike turned around and looked at me, and then laughed. "So what?" he said. "Let's give him a little show." His hand trailed under Bella's short skirt then, and I got a peek of the bottom of her ass cheeks when he tried to ride it up. Just as perfect as the tits – by the way. "What the hell?" she shrieked, stopping to adjust her skirt. "Quit being an asshole!" Mike just kept on laughing. "What's the problem, Baby? It's not like I haven't rubbed that sweet ass before." Bella's nostrils flared. "Not in front of a little kid!" Her anger just seemed to amuse him. He grabbed her waist and pulled her to his side, lifting one hand to cradle her chin. "Come on, it'll be fun," he hissed through clenched teeth, while my heart began pounding in my chest because I knew something really fucked up was going on in his head. "Let him watch me touch you. I bet you he'll get off on it. And maybe…we could get off on it too." His hand trailed to the front of her skirt now, and he lifted it hard and quick. "Stop it!" Bella yelled. "You sick fuck!" She pushed him, but he held her tight, laughing, and the next thing I knew, I was kicking him in the ass, where my foot left an imprint of dirt