Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : The Fate of Swans Rating : M Summary : Fate works in mysterious ways. Good and bad things happen, actions and reactions lead to a time or place where you're meant to be… Do you fight it? Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Fate of Swans *Fate is what happens when you think you don't deserve it.* "I just can't do this anymore Bella…" I sat on one side of the dining room table, silently and stoic, and watched the tears flow from my mother's eyes. The pain that I could see so clearly written all over her flowed freely into me… but there was something inside of me that just wouldn't let me show it. My eyes remained as dry as ever. Inside, I was crushed. Inside, my heart was shattering into the same millions of shards that I knew that I'd shattered my mother's into… but I'd held my heart so hard for so long, I just couldn't let her see that I was sorry for my actions… What made it worse was that I didn't know why…. Why I wouldn't let myself break… I dropped my eyes and picked at the frayed edges of my long sleeved t-shirt; it was an unusually cool day here in Florida. I knew she had more to say so I just waited… "Your behaviour up to now has been bad enough… but this…" she shook her head. "I've called your father; you're leaving tonight." My head snapped up to hers; wide eyed and disbelieving. "You're shipping me off… to my father? " "I can't have you here anymore Bella… not after…" she looked down, her body trembling slightly as she pulled herself together, "… maybe one day, we can… move on, move past this, but as of right now... I just can't… I need you to… leave." When she looked back up to me, I could see that there was nothing I could say at this point that would change the outcome of my day… or night as it may be. Tonight would find me at the airport, on my way to see my father. =X= Today had been the longest day of my life… I looked down at my watch as I followed the other passengers out of the plane and saw that I'd now been awake for… twenty hours straight. That would have been taxing at the best of times, but taking into account everything that had happened in those twenty hours and the emotions that came with them, it's a wonder I was still upright. Finally, I emerged into the fairly populated airport, considering it was now 11pm on a Tuesday night. My eyes quickly scanned around and found the weary eyes of my father looking back at me. We'd always had an odd sort of relationship; not because of any bad blood or anything, we just weren't really the type of people who got all 'touchy-feely' with others… Then there were the other ' issues' … but I knew he loved me. I also knew that having me taken so far away from him when my mother left was hard for him to accept. His last words to me were ingrained in my mind. " You are and always will be, my shining light, Bella. My one proudest achievements; don't ever forget that, baby. I love you." But standing here now, watching the thoughts and emotions play over his handsome features… I doubt he could have said those words again at that particular time. I resituated my backpack over my shoulder and took a deep breath. I swallowed my suddenly full mouth of saliva and walked over to him. "Hey Dad." With a soft smile, he answered. "Hey baby girl, how was your flight?" What could I say? I just shrugged as I waited for his next move. And without any further fanfare he spoke. "We'd better get going; it's a long drive home." =X= It was a long drive, though I didn't really see much of it. I don't actually remember leaving the carpark to be honest. I woke to my father gently nudging my shoulder and I looked around, momentarily confused as to where I was. "Come on, you can go back to sleep shortly." "Wow… Sorry, I didn't mean to fall asleep." "It's alright. It's late, we're both tired." With that, he opened his door and stepped out of his car. As my father opened the boot of his car to get my bags, I blinked and rubbed at my eyes before opening my door. "The house hasn't changed much." I said as we walked up the path. "Nope, not much." The atmosphere was uncomfortable but it was too late to do anything about it now… I knew 'the talk' was coming, but it would have to wait. "Same room?" I asked. "Yup. I'll see you in morning Bells… I've got the next few days off." "Okay, well… goodnight Dad and…. thanks for… everything." "Night Bells." We gave one another a quick but awkward hug before going upstairs. Charlie dropped my bags off inside my room before 'leaving me to it' as he said. I was so tired, all I could muster up was a quick glance around a room that hadn't changed since I was about twelve, before flopping into bed… fully clothed. I think I was asleep before my head hit the pillow. =X= It was the heat of the sun across my face that woke me up the next morning. I looked at my watch and groaned over the fact that I'd only been asleep for about six hours. There was really only two predictable things about me… one was my propensity to do wrong, the other was to wake up at seven every morning; no matter when I went to bed the night before. I could hear sounds from downstairs, so I knew that Dad was up, after all, I didn't get my 'early-to-rise' gene from my mother. I rolled out of bed and grabbed some clean clothes from my suitcase so that I could grab a quick shower to freshen up before going to face the firing squad. As soon as I walked out into the hall, I was reminded of dad's new flame… Well, not new as such, my mother told me when Charlie had met someone quite a few months ago and that she thought it was pretty serious this time. That 'someone new' was currently in the shower so I threw my stuff back on my bed before going downstairs for something to eat. As I made my way down the stairs, I thought about the talk that I knew I'd be having with my father. It was going to be hard, but I knew my father and he wasn't the sort of person to let thing fester… this talk would be happening sooner rather than later. I rounded the corner and turned into the small but tidy kitchen and watched my father flit around the room like he was some sort of chef or something… "You cook now?" I said in surprise. "Oh… morning Bells, ah, yeah… sort of. I'm not all that good, but I'm getting there... Omelette?" I'd only eaten maybe half of my omelette when I heard the footfalls of someone coming downstairs. I turned to the kitchen entryway before turning back to look at my father. He looked nervous. I turned to look at the person who was now a major part of my father's life and nearly swallowed my tongue… I couldn't help the gasp of surprise and with it, the piece of egg that had been in my mouth lodged in my lung and had me in the worst coughing fit I'd ever been in. Fuck me! That's all I could think of as I tried valiantly to look through my watery eyes. "Bell's… are you alright?" My father said as he thumped me on my back. Somehow, I drew in a stuttering breath, my eye flickering between my father and the man standing in front of us. "Bella… I don't know if you mother has said anything to you but… I'd like to introduce you to someone very important to me. Bella, this is my partner, Edward. Edward, this is my beautiful daughter, Bella." "It's great to finally meet you, Bella." He said as he held out one of his huge hands to me. I looked from his long, slender fingers up his toned, golden brown arms to his stunning face…. If memory serves, I was sure my mom said he was thirty three, and he was, without a doubt, the most stunningly beautiful man I'd ever laid eyes on in my whole entire life… Shit! "Hi…" I croaked out. I quickly cleared my throat and took his hand…. Oh, they're so soft… "Hi, um… it's good to finally meet you. My mom told me a little bit, but…." "Yeah, it's all good." Oh God…the smile… The feeling of his hand in mine was… hard to put into words. It felt slightly odd but on the other hand, holding this gorgeous man's hand was also a thrill… I know my face was blooming to life before his very eyes, it was yet another of my father's characteristics that he'd so lovingly passed onto me. Now that I think of it, there wasn't much of my mother in me at all… other than my height… and gender. My heart beat rapidly as I tried to swallow the rest of my breakfast while sitting directly opposite my father's fuck-hot boyfriend. Life truly wasn't fair. Here was this manly man, all strong, sharp lines… thick, grab-able hair and a body to die for that was wrapped in a suit that looked like it was sown on… and he's gay! "Will you be home for dinner tonight?" My dad asked Edward from the head of the table. "Yeah, but I've got to go see my mother after work, so I'd say… seven at the latest." He replied. My father nodded as they both stood up to walk out into the hall. "I'll see you again tonight Bella, it really is lovely to meet you. Have a good day with your dad." "You too Edward but I'm sure it'll be anything but a good day if I know my father…" I said seriously. There really was no need to beat around the bush. We all knew what was coming and we all knew it was going to be rough… If he was going to have me around, then he'd just have to take me for what I am… I am a 'no-holds-barred' type of girl, I say what I think. If someone has a problem with that, then that's their problem. "Mmm, I think I'm going to like getting to know you better, Bella; you're so much like your father." He said with a smirk and a wink. As my body and face flushed in… embarrassment … I listened to their goodbye at the door. A minute later, my father was back and I knew the talk was about to begin. =X= My eyes stayed dry for all of maybe fifteen minutes after Charlie asked me his first question… 'Why?' I shrugged as I stared at my plate; my fork pushing and mashing the remnants of my breakfast around at the same speed as my stomach knotted tighter and tighter. Whereas my mother kept asking, my father stayed silent… I knew he was just sitting there watching me… waiting… He would have made an excellent interrogator. I could feel his eyes on me; I just had to stay strong… I could do this… Why won't he say anything? I'll just wait, I'm better at this than he is…. Maybe…. No… I'm not… I could feel my eyes stinging. Shit… don't