Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: Hot For Teacher Rating: M Summary: Can the library assistant catch the eye of the new kindergarten teacher? How will he react when he finds out she's only eighteen? Will he keep his distance, or stop letting the twenty year age difference hold him back? Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. As I stand in the line waiting to get into this bar, I shiver a little. I've been told The Shamrock is the best bar around and with the crowd, I'm guessing that is true. I'm thirty-eight years old and just moved back home from Portland, Maine. Here I am back in the quaint little town I grew up in, Calais, Maine. When I was eighteen and fresh out of high school, I moved almost four hours away to Portland. I attended college, did my student teaching and ended up working in the Portland School District for the first sixteen years of my career. I loved the big city life when I was younger, especially in college. I even loved being a teacher in the larger school districts at first. As I grew older, the limelight of the big city became predictable and boring. Teaching also began to lose its lackluster for me, because the classes are so large. As a teacher, I barely had a chance to make a difference in a child's life. In the last eight years, I've started to feel like something was missing in my personal life as well. Many of my friends have gotten married and started a family, yet none of my relationships have worked out. It's never been a personal issue on either part. I've just never felt that spark with anyone. I guess to settle down I need to find that perfect gal. I need to find the one who makes me want to give my all to make it work. My cousin and friend Jasper told me about the job opening in my hometown for an elementary teacher, for which I applied. During the interview, I was asked questions not only about being thirty-eight and single, but also wanting to work in the elementary side of the school. I ended up letting the school in Portland know I would be a sub, but my goal was to move as soon as I had employment elsewhere. In truth, the group of kindergarteners I will be teaching will be the youngest class I've ever taught. I specialize and am accredited in both early and elementary education and love teaching. I got the call just before winter break was over that I got the job. The teacher they had hired instead of me, didn't work out, and was being let go. I didn't like being a second thought, but it was explained they felt I was over qualified for the job. In the end, it took me less than a week to pack my belongings and move back home. "Edward," Alice, Jasper's better half calls, bringing me out of my thoughts. I move to her and follow her inside to a table. "Thanks," I say with a smile as I take the beer I'm offered. We are all out tonight not only celebrating my move and new job, but also the New Year. "So, what are your New Year's resolutions?" Emmett, my brother, asks. "To shop less," Alice says and Jasper nods as we all chuckle. "To get into my pre-pregnancy jeans," Rose says. She's just given birth three months ago to her third child. She's always been thin, but Emmett says she's still trying to shed those last few pounds. "Hey, I like you with some meat on them bones," Emmett says kissing her. "Besides, you're fine and super sexy, isn't she guys?" "Hell yeah," we all agree. "I want to mingle with people more," Jasper says. He's always been the quiet and shy one of the group. "I want to work in a job I enjoy like you all do," Emmett says before drinking down the last of his beer. "That leaves you, Edward, what's your resolution?" "I'm not sure," I tell them as I try to think. Where I know something's missing in my life, I'm not sure what it is. "Oh, I love this song, come on, dance with me?" Rose asks Emmett before kissing his cheek and dragging him off to the dance floor. "Me, too, come on, Jazz," Alice says. I watch them all head off to the dance floor. My eyes seem to fall on a woman who's dancing all alone. My eyes rake over her slender body. She has a tight, black corset top on and skin-tight, leather pants. My eyes look down her legs and I smile, tilting my head when I see she's barefoot. I pick up my beer and stand up just as someone knocks into me spilling my beer on him. "Hey, you fucking twat," the man says wiping the beer off. "My sis ... got me ... my Christmas …" The man stutters out as he staggers around pointing to the side of me. It's very clear to me that this man is drunk as a skunk. "My apologies," I say holding my now empty hand up. "What?" the man shouts like I just called him a name. "What was that four eyes?" he says as he staggers back almost falling yet again. "James," a sweet voice says, and I turn seeing the woman I was watching standing there. "He called me an – Apogee," James says as he sways from side to side. "You promised only four drinks, James," the woman says slapping his arm. "Oh, Bells, it's the New Year!" "Just go and dance or do something," she says waving her hand. James shrugs and moves off. "I'm sorry," the woman says looking at me. Now that James has gone, I take a few moments to again look her over. She has dark shadow on her eyes and full pink lips. Her curly, long, chocolate brown, wild hair gives off a bad girl look that has my cock standing at attention. "It's okay, it wasn't your fault," I say dipping my head down to talk in her ear. This woman has got to be a foot shorter than me at my six-foot-three. "You're so short," slips out of my mouth before I can stop it. "And you're holy-hell-hot," she smirks back at me. I give her a raised brow look and she tilts her head at me. "Sorry, I thought we were pointing out the obvious," she shrugs. "Edward," I say sticking out my hand. "Bella," she says placing her small hand in mine. "Can I buy you a drink?" we seem to say together. "How about I buy, and you sit with me? You can save me from being here all alone?" Bella says before biting her bottom lip. With her teeth on her lip, I can't seem to take my eyes off them. "I can sit with you, and buy you a drink," I say right in her ear. I feel her hand under my chin and she moves up a little until my eyes meet hers. "Sounds good, but I'm the designated driver for my twat of a brother James, so I'll take a can of Sprite." I nod placing my hand on the base of her back. I lead her to the bar, and get the bartender's attention. I order myself a beer, and her can of Sprite. Then I move with her over to a dark corner of the bar. I watch as she tucks her feet under her legs. "Do you need to get your shoes?" "You mean my black boots? They're over there, on the table by the dance floor," she says. I hold out my hand and she takes it. We quickly make our way to the dance floor and find her boots easily. I pick them up and hand them to her, before we walk back to our table. I roll my eyes as she drops them under the table and sits back down. "You're not putting them on?" I ask and she shakes her head. "Nope, I like feeling the beat of the music under my feet; I can't feel it as well with those big boots on." I move closer so I can see and hear her better. "Tell me about you." "I can still get my legs over my head." She wiggles her eyebrows at me as she takes a sip of her soda. "Are you married, seeing anyone?" she asks me and I grin at her being so open. "No, I'm single," I say. "That's good for me," she replies. "Is that also good for me?" Bella just gives me a lopsided grin, so I ask a different question. "What do you do for a living?" "I'm a waitress at Hooters." My eyes widen and she chuckles at me. "Just kidding – I'm a library assistant." I raise my brow at her, because she's totally unlike any library assistant I've ever seen. "I am; I swear it," she says crossing her heart, and my eyes go right to her cleavage and breasts that are quite nicely on display. "You like?" she drawls out in a seductive growl. "Yes," I say right away. I close my eyes feeling like a pervert, but when I open them, I see she's smiling at me. "Sorry," I say sheepishly. "It's okay, Edward, I did wear this, and cross my chest, bringing the girls to your attention." I shake my head as I smile at her. Never in my life have I talked to a woman that's been so open and confident like this. "So, Edward, what do you do?" "I'm a teacher." I watch as her eyes scan me, and she pouts. "What?" I ask a little amused by the sad look on her face. "I never had a hot teacher like you. Then again, that's actually a good thing. I doubt I'd have gotten any work done with you standing at the head of the class." "I'm sure if you were in my class, I would've had to give up my job, because I really don't think I could've made it through a week." "Oh, why's that? What is it that you'd like to do to me?" She looks at me with her chin tucked and biting her lip seductively. "Very bad things," I growl out in her ear. Bella chuckles and gives me another seductive wink. "Maybe I would've been a bad girl, so I could get you to spank me ..." I swallow and my cock is now about to burst through my zipper to get out. Bella puts on her boots and runs her hand up her leg as my eyes follow. The contour of her skin encased in the tight leather shows each curve. "Come and dance with me?" Bella asks standing up. I jump up taking her hand and leading her to the middle of the dance floor. She turns her back to me, and moves back so she's flat against my front. I wrap my arms around her as we start to move together. I start to kiss her neck softly as she grinds her hot ass against my cock. I'm extremely glad about the extra height her boots gives her right now. "Okay, ladies and gentlemen, this is the count down!" The DJ yells and I spin Bella around to face me. As he counts down from ten, I stare into her eyes. When he yells one, my lips are on hers. Her hands come up my chest and her fingers thread into my hair. I cup her ass, pulling her closer. She wraps her legs around my waist and our kiss deepens. We slowly pull apart as the cheers from people celebrating get louder. She smiles sliding down from