Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: Maybe December Rating: M Summary: A meet-cute. A little bit of talking. He's older. She's just right. Something for the May-December contest. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. So this wasn't what it was supposed to be. A long time ago, probably before I could walk, or maybe just before my mom left, she told me I'd meet the man of my dreams someday and, if I were lucky, I'd marry him and live happily ever after. Boy was she right. Sometimes, things happened in a way that made you doubt everything you thought you knew. It all started about a month ago. I was in the produce section, minding my own business, as one does in the produce section, when all of a sudden, I was hit from behind and landed face-first, sprawled out on the ground. Usually, I wasn't one to be too picky if I found myself ass-up, face-down, but in this case, I was fuming. This was not funny. I wanted to castrate whoever had hit me. I mean, come on! "Watch where you're going, asshole!" I said as I stood and ran a hand over all my appendages to make sure I didn't have any bones protruding from anywhere. I didn't look at anyone in particular. Too pissed and in a blind rage, I had to rein it in before I cut someone. See, I just wouldn't look good in prison orange. Plus, as much as I liked women, I was pretty sure prison sex wasn't as sexy as it looked like in Orange Is the New Black . Anyway, once I'd gathered all my fruit and boxes of tea that had scattered from my basket, I finally looked around, only to see my sworn enemy, Alice Brandon, looking back at me. With a smirk, she turned and walked off down an aisle about thirty feet from me. I knew it was her. It had to be. Nobody else was around and it happened so quickly that, had it been anyone else, I was sure they would have been gracious enough to offer a hand. No, it was her. And we couldn't stand each other. We hadn't been friends in school. I was a scholar and she was...not. We'd both gone off to college, but had come back to live here. I loved this place. This was my home. Sadly, it was hers, too. Chicago was huge, so running into her was thankfully not something I did every day. Heck, I'd heard she was back in the neighborhood, but I hadn't seen her in the six months since I'd been back. At twenty-four, I was lucky enough to get a job working at the same firm as my father. Under his wing, I was going to be a great...accountant. No laughing. Please. Yes, I knew it was boring, but in my spare time, I wrote stuff that would make even the most uptight matriarch's toes curl. So here I was, pissed and achy, at the supermarket. Nope, Mom didn't say anything about this. I went down the aisles looking for my favorite treat, Chef Boyardee, and spotted this attractive gentleman also perusing the canned SpaghettiOs. Lucky for me, Alice was nowhere to be seen. Quickly, I got two cans and added them to my basket, rendering it pretty heavy. Being unlucky, because I was me, one of the cans toppled over the side of the basket and fell on the floor. "Crap," I mumbled as I struggled with the basket and bent down to pick up the can that was now rolling away from me. "Let me help you with that," the attractive stranger said, quickly picking up my can and handing it to me. Relieved, and maybe a little tired, I smiled, grateful there were still good people around. "Thank you." I didn't even have it in me to add a little snark. He grinned, and for the first time in a long time, I stared at a man wondering if I could ask him out myself instead of waiting for him to make a move. He winked. "You're welcome." Dumbstruck, I said nothing as he turned and kept on perusing the shelves, looking for...baked beans? Oh dude, no. Well, I dodged a bullet there. Shaking myself out of it, I kept my eyes on the cans in front of me as I tried not to judge him too much. It was really hard to find an alternative to canned tomato and pasta. Man, why couldn't they make canned pasta and pesto? I was so lost in the various amounts of canned sodium-filled goods that I almost missed the nice stranger coming back my way. Almost. He was attractive and smelled so good, he was hard to ignore. "So, I was wondering—" he smiled, which made my stomach quiver "—if you'd like to maybe have dinner with me?" I looked in his cart and noticed he hadn't gotten any baked beans. "Sure...I mean, what's your name?" He looked away, his ears turning pink. It was cute. "Let me start over." He ran a hand through his hair. "Miss, hi, I'm Edward and I was wondering if you'd have dinner with me." I extended my hand. "I'm Bella and I'd love to." He nodded and took my hand in his, giving it a light squeeze. "Bella. Very nice to meet you." I looked at his cart, which was full of healthy stuff, no canned goods in sight. "Should we set a time or something?" I wasn't sure how these random hook-ups were supposed to work. The last guy I'd dated was in my class and he'd basically dropped by my place for some sexy-times. We'd dated very casually until we graduated and he moved to California while I came back home. No love lost. Edward scratched his neck and fiddled with his keys. He looked about as comfortable as a nun in a whorehouse. "Yeah. Yes...that's important." He laughed and shook his head. "I'm sorry, Bella. I'm new at this. I, erm...it's been a while." I shrugged. "Same here. No worries." "Do you want me to pick you up? Tonight? Eight-ish?" Each word sounded like a question within a question, and I found his nervousness endearing. I got a piece of paper from my purse and jotted down my address. I wasn't crazy about letting him pick me up at my house, since I didn't know a thing about the guy, but it wasn't as if I had much of a choice. "So eight?" I handed him the paper. He nodded. "I'll see you at eight, Bella." He backed away from me, a smile on his face a mile wide as he pushed his cart behind him. A little dazed, I watched until he disappeared at the end of the aisle and thought how weird it was going to be if I ran into him in every other aisle. … " You're going through with this?" Rosalie asked over the speakerphone. I was trying, unsuccessfully, to put together a decent outfit that didn't scream "let's skip coffee and go directly to your room." "Dude, if you would have seen him, you would be going, too." To be fair, I was nervous and a little scared. I had no idea what to expect, and seeing as I didn't know him from Adam, well, there was always the possibility I'd end up made into a skin suit. " Bella, just be careful out there, okay?" I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, yeah." Then took a look at my watch. "I gotta go." " Call me!" was the last thing I heard from Rose before hanging up and scrutinizing the outfit I'd finally laid out on my bed. I was now ready to get on with it. Maybe. After another half hour of playing dress up, I stood in front of the mirror. Okay , I thought, I didn't look half-bad . I could do this shit. I gave myself a mental pat on the back before making my way to the living room. It was almost eight and I hated that I was actually waiting for him. "Come on, man. Get here before I change my damn mind," I huffed and peeked out the little window by the kitchen door. I wasn't going to change my mind, but still. Parked in my driveway was a sight I'd never in my wildest dreams expected. Sitting behind the steering wheel of a nice looking pick-up truck, Edward looked as though he was going to pass out. I'd never witnessed this in a man before. Did he think I was that scary? He'd asked me out, after all. Maybe he thought I would make him into a skin suit. Nah, I had to see this through. He hadn't looked up, and not knowing if he was ever going to get out of that truck was driving me nuts. I wasn't ever particularly patient and it was now nine minutes past eight. He was officially late. Well, Edward, let's see what you're made of, I thought. Any guy who couldn't make it to my front door deserved what I unleashed upon him. I took a deep breath and opened the door. My heart was racing and I couldn't keep my eyes off him. As I closed the door behind me, he finally looked up. I stopped dead in my tracks. The look on his face was a cross between shit-scared and mortification. I didn't know what to make of it. I stood there, motionless, with my purse in my hands, wearing a dress that didn't make me look too dowdy and flats so that I could run if he tried to kill me. I'd left my hair down because I liked it that way, and worn a little bit of makeup because I was a girl and that was what some of us did when we wanted to get laid...I meant, go on dates. I was nervous, too, but hoped I was hiding it better than he was. "I'm sorry," he said as soon as he stepped out of his truck. When he was sitting there, all I could see was his shoulders and head, but now I got to see all of him, and hot damn, he looked good. I shrugged. "I don't bite." I bit my bottom lip as soon as the words swept past them. I could definitely bite if he wanted me to. That brain to mouth filter needed realignment if I was going to be around him. Either that, or he needed to not look as if he was about to run away screaming. "I...I know." He smirked and walked up the few steps to stand in front of me. "I'm late." While my brain desperately wanted to call him Captain Obvious, I managed to smile politely and say, "It's no big deal, really. I saw you...at eight...out here." He ran a hand through his hair. "Can I be honest here?" Well, crap. That wasn't going to end well, I just knew it. "Sure." I leaned against the closed door and crossed my arms over my chest. This ought to be good. "I haven't gone out on a date in over twenty years." His words came out carefully measured as he stood there, his eyes boring into mine. I tilted my head to the side, my eyes narrowed. "That's almost as old as I am. I mean, I'm... How old are you, Edward?" He took a deep breath and cracked his knuckles. "Old enough to know better." "Dude, you're speaking in rhymes here. What...why are you so nervous?" I couldn't wrap my mind around anything he was saying. So he was older, and I cared? Please, that was probably what attracted me to him in the first place. "You don't care?" He sucked in his bottom lip,