Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : The Hamptons Rating: M Summary : "Tell me to leave," he whispers. " No." My voice is sure because, prank or not, I haven't felt this much excitement in years. I want it. I want him; consequences be damned. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Hamptons "Good evening, Isabella. Did I catch you at a bad time?" "No, Carlisle. I'm just cleaning up from dinner. It's a great time, actually." He doesn't need to know by 'cleaning up', I mean I'm throwing away my box of take-out Chinese. A woman needs her secrets. "Oh, good. I'm calling to personally invite you to a party I'm having at my house next weekend." My shoulders relax, and I'm finally able to exhale since seeing Carlisle's name on my caller ID. I'd been worried he was going to ask me on a date—just the two of us—but I'm relieved to hear that's not the case. "That sounds great. What time should I be there, and is there a theme?" Most parties here in The Hamptons have some kind of theme or purpose. It's like the people here have to have a reason to get together other than just having fun. "It's Saturday night, and the dress code is classic sophistication." I hear the pride in his voice, and I can't help but roll my eyes. Five years in this neighborhood, and I'm still not used to how pretentious some residents here can be. Not that Carlisle is a complete snob. He's actually very nice and charming, when he's not displaying his old-money upbringing, and it doesn't hurt that he's devastatingly handsome. "Well, that sounds easy enough. Thanks for thinking of me, Carlisle." "You're the first person I called to invite. I'm hoping after this party you'll be willing to accept my offer to go on an actual date." Whomp. There it is. "That's very sweet. I'll certainly think about it." If Carlisle feels rejected or slighted in any way, he doesn't let on. "Excellent. I look forward to seeing you soon," he says before ending our call. Carlisle and I have known each other for over a year, but for the last couple of months, we've become more talkative—more flirty—and it sounds like he's ready to take the next step. I'm just not so sure I'm ready. My one and only committed relationship started with a pregnancy test in college and ended in divorce ten years later when I was thirty years old. Considering we'd only known each other for less than a year when we got married, I think Liam and I did great lasting as long as we did. I truly loved him, but I didn't particularly love being married to a professional golfer. The money was nice, but the months I spent being a single parent while Liam did his tournaments were hard and made me resentful. I've dated various men over these last eight years, but I've never found anyone with whom I really clicked. Being single allowed me to achieve my dream of becoming an editor, and between that and raising our son Garrett, I was too busy for a social life. When Liam died in a plane crash five years ago, leaving the Hamptons house to me, I decided to relocate and slow down a bit. I'm now working from home and getting Garrett ready to start his first semester at NYU. It seems like a perfect time in my life for a boyfriend, but I'm not sure Carlisle is the one for me. Maybe his party will be the deciding factor after all. After an hour of hot Bikram yoga, my friends, Rose and Alice, meet me for lunch. I still can't believe this is my life now. I often find when I'm enjoying myself like this, I start feeling guilty. The truth is, I wouldn't be here if it weren't for Liam dying. For some reason—probably because I'm the mother of his only child—he felt the need to take care of me even though we were no longer married. I owe Liam so much. "What's that gloomy face for, Bella?" Lifting my head, I see Rose watching me expectantly. Rose and her husband, Emmett, are my closest friends and neighbors and the couple I've known the longest since moving here. From what Rose has told me, they caused quite the ruckus when they moved to The Hamptons seven years ago. They both come from new money, which isn't so strange, but it's their twenty-five year age difference that really caused tongues to wag. Once people got to know them better, they became the hit of the village with Emmett's loud, boisterous story-telling of his days as a U.S. Congressman and Rose's supermodel looks and keen sense of fashion. Knowing Rose won't let me ignore her question much longer, I finally answer. "I'm fine, Rose. I was just letting a little guilt seep into my bones. Nothing new." "Girl, you need to get laid. Just fuck that guilt away!" That would be Alice. She's old money, like Carlisle, and has lived here with her husband for only two years. Her parents live in the village of Sag Harbor, so she definitely qualifies as a local. Her knowledge and guidance has saved my uncultured ass more times than I'd care to count. "Who am I supposed to fuck out here? Everyone knows everyone and everything about them. There's no way I can hook up here and keep it a secret." Geez, do people even say "hook up" any more? Alice and Rose both look at each other before turning toward me and saying one name. "Carlisle." Of fucking course. "I really don't think he's my type. I mean, he's a great guy, but I think I'd end up just embarrassing him more than anything." "Shut your face, Bella Swan," Rose demands. "You have more class than our friend Alice here has shoes, and we both know she has a lot." A lot? Try over five hundred pairs. The woman uses a guest room for a shoe closet, for crying out loud. She rarely wears a pair more than once and hardly ever gets rid of any of them. "Besides," she continues, "Carlisle totally has the hots for you. Even if you don't want something serious, use him for his man-skills for a while; then toss him to the side. How long has it been anyway?" "How long has what—oh. How long since I last had sex? Well...um, does it count if my partner is battery-operated?" "Holy shit, Bella!" Alice exclaims. "It must be a long time if you're giving your rabbit top billing." "I happen to like my rabbit, thank you very much. It gives me what I need, and I don't have to fix it a sandwich or listen to it snore afterward." "Bella, be like Queen Elsa, and let it go. Go get you some man-meat, and don't worry about people finding out. Swing from the chandeliers! Go crazy for once! This pretentious place needs a good scandal!" "I don't know, Mom. That apartment we looked at is nice, but I think I want to live in the dorms. At least for my first year at college." Sometimes I can't believe Garrett is my son. If I was offered the opportunity to live in an apartment paid for by my parents when I started college, I would've jumped at it. I hated living in the dorms. Basic accommodations and little to no privacy drove me crazy. Of course, I went straight from living in the dorms to living with my husband, and with Garrett moving out soon, this will be the first time in my life I've lived by myself. Is it wrong that a flutter of excitement flows through me every time I think about it? "The dorms at NYU are great, Garrett, and I think it's wise to stay on campus. I love that you want to immerse yourself in college life. Just don't forget to have some fun, too." I nudge him with my elbow when he rolls his eyes at me, knowing I'm just giving him shit. Garrett really is a well-balanced kid—goofy when he wants to be but absolutely brilliant in ways that hurt my brain. How a golf-pro and a book nerd produced a mathematician, I'll never know. Why am I so nervous? It's just a party. I go to parties all the time, so this one shouldn't be any different. Except it is. I feel like I'm getting ready for my mid-life debutante ball or something. With Garrett spending the weekend at his best friend's house on another part of the island, I have the freedom I've been desiring, but I'm also feeling pressure, knowing Carlisle is expecting this party to make or break our possible dating future. I've never wanted to jump for joy and throw up at the same time so much. The valet helps me out of my car, and I take a few deep breaths to settle my nerves before walking up to the front porch. With this being the last party of the summer, I knew it was expected of everyone to wear all white. Fashion rules are taken very seriously here, you know. But because deep down, I'm a rebel at heart, I decided to pair my white asymmetrical bell-sleeved dress with a big-ass turquoise necklace and a few chunky bracelets. My hair is loose and wavy, and instead of the typical nude lips here, mine are pink and glossy. I want to fit in but not be a fucking clone. The party officially started fifteen minutes ago, but inside, guests are already busying themselves with air-kisses and fake laughter. Carlisle's decor is white-on-white, and if it wasn't for the summer-kissed skin on display, it'd be hard to tell the difference between the people and the furniture. I obviously need a drink before my bitch meter blows up. Why am I so uptight? "Isabella!" Oh, yeah. That's why. Carlisle. "Darling, you look amazing." He kisses both my cheeks—real pecks, not air—before pulling back and smiling at me. He really is handsome. Tall build, sandy blond hair, and crystal blue eyes that make women all over the island clench their thighs. And he wants to date me . "I'm so glad you're here. Are you enjoying yourself?" "Yes, everything is so beautiful. Thanks again for inviting me." "Nothing here compares to your beauty, Isabella." Damn, he's laying it on thick. "Unfortunately, I have other guests to greet. Please, make yourself at home, but remember to save me a dance later." He kisses my cheek again before sauntering over to a couple who just walked in. The entire back wall of Carlisle's living room is nothing but floor-to-ceiling windows, giving us a perfect view of his incredible pool. I've only been here once before, but I remember the pool being my favorite spot. I let myself out the back door and grab a glass of champagne from a server before making my way to the edge of the decking. The bright blue water is calm, and for a moment, I'm filled with the desire to jump in, fully clothed, cannonball-style. The mental image I have of what would most likely happen if I did jump into the pool right now causes me to laugh out loud. After finishing my drink, I turn to place it on the table nearby but nearly drop it when a voice I don't recognize speaks. "You have a great laugh." "Oh, um, thank you, I guess." The uncertainty of my response causes the stranger to laugh, and I immediately notice how gorgeous he is. Unruly auburn hair frames a perfectly chiseled face that is softened only by his full lips and kind eyes. His beard is probably a couple of days old, but it does nothing