Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : The Man Next Door Rating : M Summary : When Edward Cullen is released from prison, 18-year-old Bella becomes fascinated by her new next door neighbor. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I hear the chatter the moment I sit down at my desk for my first period Calculus class. Edward Cullen is being released from the state prison in Walla Walla today, after 18 years on death row for the rape and murder of 16-year-old Bree Tanner. Despite the fact that DNA evidence now points to another man, some people in and around Forks still believe Edward is guilty. The case is dividing our tiny Washington town; it's the biggest thing to hit Forks since the murder itself. At the time of his arrest, Edward Cullen was the town's golden boy, the son of a prominent surgeon and interior designer. He had recently graduated from Forks High School near the top of his class, making State in both basketball and track. Bree Tanner's mutilated body was found one night in mid-July in the forest near the Sol Duc River, which ran through the back of the Cullens' property. After an anonymous caller called in a tip to 9-1-1, the police found the body and only one real shred of evidence: a footprint in Bree's blood. With the Cullens' home the closest to where the body was found, Edward and his parents were interviewed by the police and their property was searched for potential evidence. Not only did the pair of Edward's Nikes that were found in their trash have blood on the soles, they also matched the footprint at the scene. After the discovery, Edward admitted that he had found the body and called in the 9-1-1 report, but he swore he had nothing to do with the crime. The police didn't believe him, and neither did a jury nine months later, despite the Cullens being able to afford the best lawyers for their son. Shortly after his conviction and death sentence, Edward's parents sold their large contemporary home and moved to Seattle. His father, Carlisle, went back to medical school to get a second specialty in forensics, while his mother, Esme, went to law school, with the sole aim of freeing her son. . The chatter is heating up when I enter the cafeteria a few hours later. Everyone is talking about it. "Hey, Bella," Eric says as soon as I sit down at the lunch table, "Don't the Cullens live next door to you?" "Uh, yeah, they do." For as long as I can remember, Dr. and Mrs. Cullen have lived next door to my father and me. They're nice people, though they keep to themselves most of the time. They moved back to Forks a few years after the murder — into a much smaller middle class home — where they could keep in touch with the detectives who investigated the case. While working to clear her son, Mrs. Cullen took on several mostly pro-bono cases. Due to his son's conviction, patients were uncomfortable with Dr. Cullen, so he took a lesser paying job in the hospital's lab. Someone at the table has today's newspaper, with Edward's old mug shot on the front page. I glance at it, and then do a double take. My God, he was beautiful as a teenager. How could anyone believe that someone so pretty could commit such a heinous crime? Even the boys notice that Edward was good-looking. More than one makes the comment that someone that young and pretty probably became Bubba's bitch. I frown, hoping that's not the case. After many years, Edward's parents' efforts got the attention of the Innocence Project, and they worked to go back over every piece of evidence in the case. When long-forgotten DNA evidence was discovered, they worked tirelessly to convince Clallam County to use today's advanced DNA testing to try to exonerate him — or confirm Edward's guilt. As it turned out, every shred of DNA found on the body pointed to one man: James Hunter. He was already serving a life sentence without parole after pleading guilty to another rape and murder near Spokane. He'd been a nomad, a drifter who hitchhiked around the state, camping in various state parks. Even faced with this new evidence, it still took months to convince the State to drop all charges against Edward Cullen. And now the day has finally come for him to be released. The issue on everyone's mind — will his parents bring him back here to Forks? . When I get home from school, I pull my 1950s era Chevy truck into our driveway, parking on the right side, as I always do, to leave room for my father's police cruiser. Just as I move to open the door, I see him . The Cullens' driveway is adjacent to ours. Besides the main entry on the front porch, their home has a side door, which opens onto a tiny two-foot by two-foot porch with steps down to the driveway. Sitting hunched over on this porch, a cigarette in his hand, is none other than Edward Cullen. I recognize him right away from the unusual shade of reddish-brown, almost bronze hair, just like in the mug shot, though his hair is significantly shorter now than in the old photo. He's wearing faded jeans and a black leather jacket. I open the door, keeping one eye on him as I step down from my truck. When I slam the heavy metal door closed, he looks up as if startled, staring straight at me. And I'm powerless to keep from staring back. The last 18 years have done nothing to diminish Edward's looks. In fact, if it's possible, he looks even better now, more… manly. Hitching my book bag up onto my shoulder, I cross the driveway, stopping in front of Edward. He gazes up at me, not speaking. "Um, hi," I begin nervously. "I'm Bella. I, um, live here… um, next door." I point lamely toward my house. He brings his cigarette to his lips and inhales deeply. Good lord, but he has pretty lips. He exhales a cloud of smoke, then looks up at me again. Still staring. Standing so close to him, I notice that his eyes are an unusual shade of blue-green. "Your, um… Your mom won't let you smoke inside?" I guess. I can't stand cigarette smoke myself. He just continues to stare at me, not speaking, and I start to feel really, really stupid just standing there looking down at him. "Um, bye," I call stupidly, hurrying across both driveways to our front sidewalk. . "Hey, Dad," I ask later that night as we're sitting at the dinner table, "Were you on the police force when Edward Cullen was arrested?" He sets his beer can down, stroking his moustache. "Yeah, I was, but I was just two months out of the police academy. I did patrols around town and had nothing to do with the homicide investigation. Why do you ask?" "Just curious," I try to appear nonchalant. "I, um, I saw him today. When I got home from school." "I saw him too," Dad says, "Outside smoking a cigarette. You should stay away from him, Bells. Even if he's truly innocent, there's no telling what 18 years in prison did to his mental state." I nod for my father's sake, then pick up my glass and take a sip. I know he's just being protective, because he taught me not to judge people without good reason. Edward is innocent, so I have no intention of staying away from him… unless he tells me to. Later, as I'm washing the dishes, I move the curtain aside and peek out the kitchen window, which faces the Cullens' house. He's still there, huddled in the same position on the porch. . The next morning, I try waving to Edward when I see him on the porch, but I get no response. When I arrive home after school, three police cars are parked in the street, and my dad's is in the driveway. I also see a van parked in front of the Cullens' house, which I recognize as being one of the Seattle network affiliate TV stations. Several people are standing around on the Cullens' driveway. I pull in next to my dad's cruiser, watching the scene with interest. "Bells," my dad calls from the edge of their yard as soon as I step out of the truck, "Go in the house." I frown at being ordered around like a child, but I turn toward the front porch, not wanting to make a scene. "Miss!" I hear a female voice shout. "Miss!" I turn around, noticing a woman with a microphone walking over to me. "Miss, how do you feel about living next door to Edward Cullen? Are you afraid?" My brow furrows. "Why should I be afraid of an innocent man?" "Bells, go inside," my dad yells again. Sighing, I walk up the steps and unlock the front door. I rush into the kitchen, not even stopping to take my jacket off, and peek out the window at the chaos. The window is old and it sticks or I'd totally try to open it so I can eavesdrop. Of course Edward's release after 18 years is big news. It's not surprising that the Seattle TV stations are interested; it's probably more surprising that only one of them is here. It seems like a larger crowd of people than would've come in the van, so I wonder if some of them are newspaper reporters. After 20 minutes or so, I get bored with watching nothing happening out there, so I move to the kitchen table and start doing homework. My dad finally comes inside after another couple of hours, looking exhausted. "Did they leave?" I ask curiously. "Yeah," he sighs, "After the Cullens agreed to an interview." My eyes widen — does that include Edward? "Do you want to start dinner?" "Uh, yeah, sure." I'm already plotting though. Later that night, I finish my homework upstairs until my dad goes to bed. Then, I sneak downstairs and turn the TV on, just in time for the late news. Sure enough, Edward's release is the top story. I turn the volume up as loud as I dare. "Mr. and Mrs. Cullen," the interviewer begins, the camera on Edward's parents, "How does it feel to finally have your son home?" "It's the happiest day of my life," Esme Cullen begins. "Happier even than the day Edward was born. We've worked for over 18 years to clear his name, and to finally be successful, it's just—" She stops, getting too emotional, and Carlisle Cullen pats his wife's hand. "We're only sorry that we couldn't make this happen years ago." "What do you have to say to the prosecutors and jurors who helped put your son behind bars?" He sighs, removing his glasses to rub his eye. "I know the Lord teaches us to forgive, but I'd really like for anyone who thought Edward was capable of committing such a crime to experience even for one day what it's like to be locked up in a tiny cell surrounded by vicious criminals." "And you, Edward? What do you think about all of this?" The camera pans over to where Edward sits next to his mother; he's staring down at his lap. He has what looks like a stress ball in his right hand, while his left hand shakes uncontrollably. I see his Adam's apple move as he swallows, before he looks up at the camera. "I keep thinking I'm going to wake up in my cell and find out that all of this is a dream," he says quietly. "It's real, Edward," his mother says passionately, her hand squeezing his