Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : Midnight Falls Rating :M Summary : Edward Cullen spends his nights drinking scotch, betting on horses, and watching her. When Midnight falls he learns that the object of his desire isn't after his money. She wants his heart. An entry for The May to December Romance Twific Contest. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Midnight Falls "Good evening, sir. Can I get you a drink?" I look over and see a young, hot blond, and give the room a quick once over. "Ah. No. Who the fuck are you and where's the brunette?" Blondie blinks a few times and tries to hide the scowl on her face, but fails. "I'm Rosie, sir. I'm working this section tonight." Using her arms, she squeezes her tits together and bats her fake eyelashes at me. "Has anyone ever told you that you look just like George Clooney?" I return her fake smile with my own and answer,"Yes. But I'm not here to have you kiss my ass." Starting at her black high heels, I slowly check her out. With my chin in my hand, I wait until she squirms under my inspection, to look in her eyes. "You're hot. I mean, I'd fuck you so I guess you'll have to do. Bring me a scotch and water." Sitting back against the cool leather chair, I check my watch. She works Tuesday through Saturday from four to mid-night and it's 4:30 on Thursday. My heart races at the thought of her being hurt and then I realize what I'm doing and shrug it off. Blondie reappears and hands me my drink, bending over enough for me to get a clear shot down her blouse. I take a sip and put it back on her tray. "I'm not sure if the bleach got to your brain or what, tits. But it takes a serious lack of intelligence to fuck up a scotch and water. Do I need to write it down? Can you even read?" Her lips quiver and her eyes get glossy. Fuck, here comes another whine session from the owners, if she files a complaint. As I bite my lip to stop myself from tearing into her further, I see my girl approaching. She places a drink in my hand and pats my shoulder. "Stop,"she tells me. "Who's going to tip me enough to pay rent when they throw your ass out?" She winks at me and explains to blondie that I only drink J&B. I sip my drink and notice the bags under her eyes. "You look like shit and you're late." "Hello. It's great to see you too Mr. Cullen." She places her hand on her hip but smiles. "I work two jobs to support myself. Not all of us can sit on our asses and gamble all day." I smirk and take in the sight of her. Even tired she's beautiful. All the other waitresses come off as fake. They over do their makeup, their nails are perfect, not a hair is ever out of place - but not my girl. She has this classic, simple beauty. Her makeup is always done but never too much, her nails are polished and neat but not those square hard ones. She has this genuine smile and these bright doe eyes. Her long brown hair is up in a ponytail and while I'd rather it be down, I do like that it shows off her delicate neck. I pat my knee for her to sit, which she does with a small, content sigh. Her tight little ass on my thigh feels like heaven. If only I could turn her to me, lift her skirt up, push her panties to the side, and bury myself in her. I place my hand on her lower back instead and show her the lineup of horses, so she can pick her favorite. At fifty-two, I know I'm too old to ever garner her attraction but I swear she wants me. She does that chick thing where she sucks in her nonexistent stomach and pushes her boobs forward. I bite back the urge to lean forward and lick the underside of her breasts. Looking at her profile makes me smile as her brow furrows in concentration, as though she's the true gambler of our duo. "Any thoughts, Bambi?" "For the hundredth time, my name is Bella." She scowls and I smile. There must have been an ex-boyfriend that called her Bambi, so I use it to annoy her and get her cheeks blushing. "I like Midnight. Who's our money on?" She asks to change the subject. "You mean my money. You'd have to do a hell of a lot more than keep me drunk for it to be our money." She straightens the lapel of my jacket and blushes further. Making a living by flirting with filthy old men can't be that great for her, but she looks so fucking happy right here with me. Splaying my hand open, I slowly rub her back and feel the muscles start to relax. "You know what you need?" She grins and places her hand on my shoulder. "What is it that I need?" "Slow, earth-shattering sex, followed by a nice long soak in a hot tub with a bottle of wine." "That sounds amazing! Are you offering?" She wags her eyebrows and wiggles her ass. "Fuck, girl. I'd be too much for you to handle." I ghost my hand over her ass and swirl my glass. "Besides, you're too young. It'd land my ass in jail." "I'm old enough to drink." She slaps my arm and giggles. "You old perv, you. Flirting with me when you're convinced I'm underage." "Aro is a slimy bastard, he'd hire anything with nice tits and a cunt." I finish my drink, hand her my glass, and motion over to the bar with my head. "You'd better move along before the other guys start bitching." With a nod, she stands and shakes her ass against my leg to move her skirt back into place. Little Eddie starts to twitch so I focus on the upcoming race and ignore her taking orders from the other gamblers around me. The night goes on and I get drunker. I win some money, lose some money - I'm not keeping track or sober enough to care. The race I put money on is coming up, so I call her over to watch it with me. She sits on my knee again and the urge to fuck her is so strong it hurts. "I wish I'd found a chick like you years ago. I've never seen anyone so turned on by racing." I play with the end of her pony tail and watch her tits move up and down with each breath she takes. "Did you ever think maybe it's you that has me on edge?" My pulse thumps at hearing her flirtatious, sexy voice . She crosses of her legs making the top of her stockings and garter show, and I grab my glass so I don't give in to the temptation of running my palm up her thigh. "Don't get too wound up. My maid quit so there's no one to clean a wet spot from you off my slacks." She rolls her eyes as her cheeks blush, making me wonder if she's serious. "Why did she quit? You can't be that hard to clean up after." I grin. "Maria said I was too moody and something about fucking Jasper, the guy that takes care of my horses. She felt it was wrong to be in a relationship with him, while...uh... taking care of me" "Hold up." She turns to look me in the eye and nearly knees me in the crotch. "You were doing the maid and she left you for the stable boy?" I smirk and nod. Pity sex isn't something I really want from her, but the scotch is flowing and she looks good enough to eat. "Don't get it wrong, Bambi. We weren't a couple or anything. But a man has his needs and she was willing." "One of these days you're going to need to fess up to how a gorgeous man like yourself is still single." She looks me in the eye and her hand moves to touch my face but she stops herself. She's so genuine with me I want to be honest, but no one wants to hear my sob story, least of all me. "I find it hard to believe no woman has snagged you yet." "That's because you see me at my best. It's all down hill from here, Bambi." I wink and we both look up at the screen when we hear the gun fire for the start of the race. Odds are 10-1 on Midnight, and I always bet $100 across the board for her. If he wins first, she'll profit around $3,300 minus the fees. I give her a standing $100 a night anyhow so she doesn't do too bad for putting up with me. I'm sure these other schmucks tip her too, so why the fuck is she working two jobs? I hope she isn't dumping her money in the slots or some bullshit. I waste the money I never fucking wanted and figure if I can help her out, why not? It's not like I like anybody else enough to give a shit if they need extra cash. I watch her instead of the race and see her teeth nip at her bottom lip. She starts to bounce and I know her horse must be doing well. "No!" She screams and jumps off my lap and I stand next to her as I look up. Midnight got tripped up and fell. "Ah, fuck. Sorry, hon. It happens to the best of us." Her eyes are watering up as the announcers start to deliberate if it is a career or life ending injury. I've been around long enough to know that horse will never run again and is probably being sold to a glue factory as we speak. "They'll put it out of its misery." "What?" Her eyes are wide in disbelief and I can't imagine she's this naïve. "They'll shoot him soon. No one wants to see the animal suffer." I pat her back as she stares at me. "No. It's just a broken leg. Can't they just put a cast on it?" Her voice is high with panic and I'm so fucking confused. She works here. This shit happens all the time. I rub the back of my neck and figure this must be what it feels like to tell your kid there's no Santa Claus. "Race horses aren't worth anything injured. They'd cost too much to justify keeping it around as a pet. So they're put down." "No." She shakes her head and points at me. "Buy it. You have horses. Buy him and use him as a stud like they did with that other horse." "Bambi, Barbaro had won The Kentucky Derby. They kept him alive long enough to collect some jizz and offed him too." She starts to cry, grabs my suit jacket, and lays her head on my chest. I hug her lightly and look around for a napkin, I can't have her snot-sobbing all over my clothes. Shoving them in her hand, I back up and pat her back. I don't do crying, emotional shit. Inappropriate touching - yes. Expressing real feelings - fuck no. "Please, ," she whimpers. "Please save him." Her big brown eyes meet mine and I'm done for. "Fuck." Jasper answers on the second ring and I tell him to use his connections to buy the horse before they shoot it. This of course makes Bambi cry harder. My next call is to Aro. "Hey, your waitress Bella is done with