Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: The Doctor Is In Rating: M Summary: The University of Washington's campus doctor, Edward Cullen, is pushing forty, single and has no 'special someone' in his life. Medically there's nothing he hasn't seen, from cuts and bruises, to STDs and the common cold. But nothing could prepare him for the brown-eyed co-ed who was waiting for him in exam room three. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Doctor Is In It was 6:30 a.m. when my alarm starting blaring. I slowly opened my eyes and sat up before swinging my legs over the side of my bed. I turned off the alarm and rubbed my eyes. After making a trip to the bathroom, I went to the kitchen to pour myself a cup of coffee. I sipped the steaming liquid and moaned as it went down my throat. Then opened my front door to grab the newspaper and took a seat at the kitchen table. As I was enjoying my coffee and morning paper, my cell phone rang. Who the hell was calling me this early? I looked at my phone; of course it was my little sister. "Hello?" "Hey Edward, morning." "Alice, why are you up so early?" "Oh, you know, kids were up so I'm up. I knew you'd be awake as well and I thought we could chat." "Uh huh, I know there's more to it than that, so get on with it," I countered. I knew my sister all too well. "Okay you got me," she admitted, "Anyway, so there's this girl..." "No, Alice," I said, interrupting her. "Oh, come on Edward, she's very nice and really pretty..." "Once again, no, Alice," I said firmly. "It's not going to happen." "Why the hell not?" She barked. "Edward, you're almost forty; don't you want to find a nice woman?" "Yes, but on my own time, not forced into it by you and Mom," I sighed. "I mean it, Alice. Enough with this shit. It's getting old." "You're going to turn into a bitter old man." "I'm hanging up now. I have to get ready for work. Kiss the kids for me. Have a good day. Bye, Alice." I hung up the phone without giving her a chance to respond. I loved my sister, but damn she was an annoying thing at times. It was like her life's mission was to set me up with someone, only it was never going to happen, no matter how hard she or my mother tried. Alice was eight years younger than me and married with two kids. She met her husband, Jasper, when she was visiting her college roommate in Texas one summer. They fell in love, got married, moved to Tacoma, and then had one baby, followed by another. I, on the other hand, was a completely different story. Much to my family's dismay, my life was pretty boring. I was almost forty and never married. I had a great career and many friends and the occasional female companion, but mostly I lived a quiet life. And for the most part I was content with that. Mostly. Yes, I believed something was missing in my heart, but I just didn't want to settle. I had no idea what I was looking for, but I also knew that when I found it, I'd know without a shadow of a doubt. And once I had it within my grasp, I'd hold on for dear life and never let go. I tossed my phone onto the table and finished my coffee. I headed back to my bedroom and shed my sleep clothes and stepped into the shower. I soaped up my hair and body, rinsed and toweled myself dry. After my shower, I shaved and put on my aftershave. I put on a pair of gray boxer briefs and then I found my navy blue scrubs. I laced up my Converse and ran my fingers through my hair. Once I was back in the kitchen, I prepared another cup of coffee in my insulted cup and grabbed my messenger bag. I got into my car and headed to work. Arriving at the faculty parking lot on the University of Washington campus, I pulled into my assigned space, grabbed my messenger bag, and headed into the administrative building. The weather was the usual gray, and the campus was buzzing with students. It was move-in day and there was tons of activity going on throughout campus. I opened the door to my office and grumbled when I saw the number of people sitting in the waiting room. Thankfully, it appeared to be nothing more than the usual move-in day cases. I crossed through the waiting room and opened the door that led to my office. "Good morning, Dr. Cullen," Heidi said from behind the front desk. "Morning Heidi, busy out there today," I replied. "Yes, Doctor, we have a full day today. Your first appointment is in twenty minutes." "Thanks." I grabbed the mail and headed into my office. Once inside, I shrugged out of my coat, hung it up on a hook, then sat down at my desk and took in a deep breath. This was the start of my fifth academic year as the campus doctor at U-Dub, and for the most part I enjoyed my job. Dealing with college kids, you hear many stories, from STDs, to date rape, to the common cold. There was never a dull moment in the life of the campus doctor. Flipping through the daily mail and seeing there was nothing that needed my immediate attention, I stood from my desk and put on my white lab coat. I walked out of my office and over to the front desk to get the file for my first patient of the day. "Morning, Dr. Cullen," my head nurse Kate said. "Looks like it's going to be a long day." "What else is new when it comes to move-in day?" I asked. "First patient ready to go?" "Yeah, he's in examine room one and then your next appointment is waiting in two," She told me. "And the third appointment of the day is filling out paperwork." "Okay then, let's get this day started." I grabbed my first patient's chart and read over it. I couldn't help but chuckle at what I saw. Clearing my throat, I composed myself before I opened the door to the examine room. "Hello, I'm Dr. Cullen. Mike Newton?" "Yeah, that's me." "So tell me, what seems to be the problem you're having?" I knew by his chart why he was here, but I couldn't resist, I wanted him to tell me himself. "Oh, um … well," he started while he began to squirm on the table. "I was with a girl last night... and well, you know things were getting heated, and she ah... when she was ah, you know... going down on me, she ah... sort of, well she... she bit me." "Ouch," I said. There really was nothing else to say to that. "What made her do that?" "I guess, I, um, got a little aggressive with moving her head, and she clearly didn't like it," he shrugged. "Clearly," I agreed. "Okay, let's have a look. Can you lower your pants?" Mike hopped off the table and lowered his pants and boxers. I put on a pair of gloves then moved over to him to get a closer look. Sure enough there was a nice bite mark right there on his penis. It sort of made my blood run cold. "Wow, that's a good one," I said, then finished his examination and made some notes on his chart. "You can pull your pants up." Mike winced as he pulled up his pants, and got back on the table. "I'm going to give you antibiotics to fight off any potential infection and a mild pain reliever. It doesn't look like there will be any lasting effects, but it's probably going to be tender until it heals. I'd stay away from any sexual activity until then and that includes oral sex." I tore the scripts off of my pad and handed them to him. "And a word of advice man, when a woman is kind enough to invite your dick into her mouth, you might want to not be so greedy and give all the control to her." "Yeah, I'll remember that." Mike got off the table and walked out of the examine room. I once again chuckled. I went back to the front desk and handed the chart to Kate. I then took the next chart, read it over, and headed to exam room two. "Good morning, I'm Dr. Cullen." "Oh hi, I'm Maggie." "What brings you in, Maggie?" "I have a sore throat." "Okay, let's see what's going on." I grabbed a tongue depressor to take a look at her throat. "Open and say ah." She did. I removed the depressor and made the appropriate notes to her chart. "Your tonsils look inflamed, any other symptoms?" "Just my throat and I feel like I have the chills," she explained. "Tonsillitis it is," I told her. "Here's a script. Make sure you follow my orders and you should feel better in a couple days. Drink some hot tea with honey as well." "Okay, thank you, Doctor." I left the room and headed back to the front desk. The waiting room was still full. I let out a deep breath and grabbed my next chart. "Day going okay so far, Dr. C?" Heidi inquired. "It's going," I muttered. "Think about what we're going to order for lunch." "Will do," she agreed. I opened the chart and looked it over. Once again it looked pretty cut and dry. I headed back to examine room three. I knocked on the door then opened it. When I walked in the room, I was met with one of the most beautiful girls I'd ever seen. She was sitting on table with her ankles crossed and she was biting the skin around her thumb. She had on a gown and all I could see was the blood red nail polish on her toes. I swallowed hard and tried to focus. "Good morning, I'm Dr. Cullen, and you are Isabella Swan?" "Yeah, well, Bella. No one calls me Isabella anymore except my mom." "Okay then, Bella it is," I said back. "Says here you're looking to have your birth control prescription refilled?" "Oh yeah, I meant to do it before I left for school with my doctor back home, but it completely slipped my mind and I'm on my last pack." "Okay, that shouldn't be a problem." I looked at her and fuck, she really was beautiful. Her skin was lightly tanned and looked to be so soft, it was flawless. Her hair was dark brown and fell down her back in waves and her eyes were two pools of chocolate. She was stunning. "So you're... eighteen?" Then I realized what I just said. Eighteen. Christ, I was twenty years older than her. "Nineteen next month." Like that made it any better. "And how long have you been on birth control?" "Two years. My doctor back home put me on it when I was sixteen to regulate my period and reduce the horrible cramping I had." "So initially it was from therapeutic reasons?" "Yeah, I guess so." "Are you sexually active, Bella?" I cleared my throat as soon as I asked the question. "Not at the moment, but that's going to change this weekend." "I'm sorry?" I questioned. "You're not sexually active at the moment? Are you a virgin?" "Yes." Oh, good God. She was untouched. Pure. Beautiful. Perfect. "But you're changing that this weekend? Are you dating someone?" Why was I asking her these questions? I shouldn't care if she had a boyfriend, she was only eighteen, oh