Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: More Than Enough Rating: M Summary: A young woman looking for herself meets a man of the world in romantic Florence. Both of their lives are lacking. Can one perfect moment be enough? Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. More than Enough Time is up, Bella. A car will meet you at SeaTac. Safe travels, Dad "What is it, Bella?" Bella's heart sank, as she passed the note and one-way ticket to her two travel companions. Her parents were once again forcing her hand; demanding her return to the box. A wave of panic washed over her. 'I am being summoned home," she shrugged. "Aww, Bella, no!" Jessica cried, as she hugged her momentary bestie. Bella shared a sad smile with Lauren over Jessica's shoulder. "We need to have one more blowout before you go, tomorrow we'll hit Central Park," Lauren suggested. Jessica jumped up and down, clapping, "Perfect, let's go tell the boys." Lauren and Jessica ran up the six flights of stairs in the Florence youth hostel, all sadness forgotten as a heartsick Bella brought up a distant third. ~o0o~ "Sir, by the smile, I'd say we were successful in merging and acquiring," Brady greeted his boss, opening the car door as he spoke. Edward Cullen clapped his assistant on the back as he climbed in the car. "Yes, Brady, finally, I'm free," he groaned out, as Brady merged into Florence traffic. Brady looked briefly in his rearview mirror. Mr. Cullen was worn thin. It had been over a year since he'd taken a vacation, a family obligation that did more harm than good. A forty year old man with his success should have more built into his life. Brady frowned, as he focused on the traffic. Mr. Cullen had been in Florence for three weeks and had yet to see a statue. He would clear his boss's calendar, and give him one day in Florence, and plan their trip home for the following day. With that idea, Brady sat back in his seat with a pleased smile. ~o0o~ Bella soaked up the last bit of her stay in Florence. She sat on a bench, watching the sun filter past Ponte Vecchio, creating new shadows for her sketching. She was happy and safe at the moment, humming quietly as she shaded in the stones on the archway. Today had been a wonderful, carefree day where she could just be herself and follow her fancy. The last carefree day for a long time to come, she feared. As the shadows lengthened, she knew her days of wandering were drawing to an end. She would be required to once again put on the protective shell of practiced and refined apathy, playing the role of a dutiful daughter. At twenty-three , she had yet to find a way to say 'enough.' She longed to break away and find something more. With a heart heavy sigh, she stepped across the threshold back into this world and flipped longingly through her day's drawings, finding one character central in three of them. The first had a man in a suit walking down Via Maggio with his hands in his pockets, a solitary soul in the morning lighting. She had sketched people and shops blurring with bustling activity around him as he walked alone in a tunnel of stillness. In a second sketch, the sun set his auburn hair alight as he fed the ducks the last of his bread. He sat with his jacket off, carefully folded over the back of the bench. Her pencil brought the carefree birds into sharp focus, leaving the man in the suit in lighter shades. But she smiled at how well she had captured the soft smile on his face as he interacted with them. The last found the same man standing on the Ponte Vecchio archway watching the river's course from his elevated position, sleeves rolled to the elbow. She took a moment to give more movement to his hair that dipped down on his brow. Before tearing it out, she quickly scribbled in the corner. She looked it over before wadding it up. Gathering her belongings, she began making her way back to the youth hostel. When she passed the man in the suit, she did not break her stride as she dropped the wad of paper at his feet. ~o0o~ Edward slept in until seven o'clock on his last day in Florence and breakfasted on the balcony overlooking the Arno with the Duomo in the distance. The Italian air smelled, and even felt different from New York air. He breathed in deeply, trying to file this moment away to revisit. Weary from the boardroom brawls as he oversaw the legalities of a merger of two European companies, Edward knew he needed this break, this rebooting. Brady was a good man, a good friend. As he walked down Via Maggio from his apartment at the Maggio Tower, he saw her for the first time. She was sitting at a cafe table. Her legs caught his eye first; crossed, slender, feminine, with her robin egg blue skirt hugging the curve of her hips and thighs stopping modestly at her knee. She had on a white tank top with a colorful scarf draped artfully around her neck. A beret, with black corkscrew curls escaping its confines pulled her casual outfit together. Her dainty gold earpieces outlined the shell of one ear and exquisite gold chandelier earrings in each ear lobe finished her look. She was delicate and feminine from head to toe and currently struggling with her table as it wobbled on the quaint but uneven cobblestones. He was slowing to help her when she ripped a page from her notebook, wadding and wedging it under one leg creating a well-mannered vista on which to place her breakfast. Feeling as if he'd lost his moment with her, he shoved his hands in his pockets and continued walking. He glanced back briefly as the waiter brought her a cappuccino and cornetto and she flipped open her sketchpad. He spent the morning looking at shops and visiting the Uffizi Gallery. He took his lunch on a bench near Neptune's Fountain, where a small group of ducks entertained and distracted him with their little antics and graceful paddling. After paying his respects to the Duomo, he stopped on the Ponte Vecchio to take in the beauty of the Arno one last time. He was delighted to spot his little Robin from the morning sitting on the knoll below the bridge. She was lovely in the afternoon sunlight, intent on capturing the world around her on her paper. He unashamedly used his phone to bring her image closer to him. She had removed her beret and had pinned her black hair away from her face, leaving the rest to fall in tight curls around her slim shoulders. She had chocolate brown eyes sharp with wonder and a little button nose that turned up slightly. Her beautiful lips begged to be kissed with the bottom lip temptingly plumb. He hadn't seen them form a full smile, but they would turn up at the corners as she worked on her sketch. Unable to resist, he snapped a few pictures before tucking his phone away. There was an undefinable something about her that drew him in and held him spellbound. All too soon he watched her gather her things and stand. She dusted her cute little bottom off and began making her way to the Piazza behind her. As she moved out of his sight, he suddenly felt deflated and pulled out his phone. "Brady, I'm returning to the apartment before my meeting at eight," he said. "Yes sir," Brady replied just as Mr. Cullen's little bird walked into view on the bridge. "Hold," he commanded. He tried not to stare as she approached, but he surreptitiously peeked at how her skirt clung and moved with her thighs. He held his breath as she passed. Feeling something hit his shoe, he looked down at a wad of paper. Picking it up, he looked to see her descending the slope of the bridge, disappearing into the crowd. He opened the paper to a sketch of Ponte Vecchio. It had an impression of people coming and going with a man, looking very much like himself, fleshed out with detail. A smile touched his lips as he ran his finger over the man in the middle of the bridge. His smile widened when he read the writing in the corner- Nice View. "Brady …" Mr. Cullen barked as he began walking with purpose. "Yes sir?" "I need you to book a table at The Jazz Club on Via Nuova de Caccini." "For how many, sir?" "Two." He said as he broke out into a jog as he hit the bottom of the bridge. ~o0o~ She had made her way across the Piazza toward Via Santa Maria when she heard brisk footsteps closing the distance behind her. "Miss, Miss…?" She looked behind her and there he was; the man in the suit, looking disheveled, breathless and glorious up close. She had a distinct feeling that her act of whimsy had backfired on her. "Y-Yes," she managed. "I'm sorry, but you lost this crossing Ponte Vecchio. I thought it might be important." He held out the now folded paper. She looked at the paper and turned to continue walking. "No, I didn't lose that, but thank you for going to so much trouble," she threw over her shoulder. He gently touched her arm, stopping her. "I saw you drop it as you passed," he pressed. "Yes, I dropped it but I did not lose it," she smiled up at him. He really was handsome she mused as he frowned at her. "I dropped it with purpose," she clarified. A smile spread across his face washing away the effect of time. "Really …? I was hoping that was the case," he replied. "Is this me?" he asked opening up the paper. "Yes, you seem to have been my muse today," she nodded. "You're muse, huh …?" he asked drawing closer. "Yes, you were in several of my sketches today," she frowned that she had said too much. "Are you in a hurry? I'd like to see the others if you have a moment. May I buy you a coffee?" he motioned to the café-bar with outside tables. "I've never been someone's muse before. I'm Edward Cullen," he grinned. His boyish grin is what did it. He was so cute and charming it was inevitable to succumb. "Um, let me text my travel companions and let them know I'll be late, then yes, coffee would be nice," she ducked her head shyly. He gave one clap, "Wonderful, I'll grab a table while you make your call." He had a feline grace in his walk, a walk of purpose and strength as he made his way across the piazza. ~o0o~ Edward watched her frown over her texting and worried he had caused her trouble. His shoulders relaxed as she began walking towards him with a bounce in her step. She was young. He could see that, but she had an ageless grace about her that was captivating. As her swaying hips propelled her toward him the Big Bopper's 'Chantilly Lace' began playing in his mind. " Oh Baby, that's what I like!" He chuckled to himself and stood to pull out her chair. "Everything all right?" he asked over her shoulder as he pushed her chair in. "Oh, yes, they didn't like the change of plans, but when you're traveling in a group you don't always get your way," she smiled as he retook his seat. "I wouldn't want to cause problems for you," he said. "I want to be here with you," she smiled. "Oh, and I'm Bella Swan," she said holding