Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : When in France… Rating : M Summary : Bella had spent the last 26 years waiting for her life to begin. And now, in this tiny French village, she saw her life staring back at her through the eyes of a stranger. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Isabella Marie Swan! What are you thinking?" No good could come of a conversation that began with those words. Bella sighed and turned to look out of the window. "I'm thinking that I would like some chocolate milk," she replied pleasantly. Experience showed that patience was the best way to deal with Renee. She would rant and rave for a few minutes, until she ran out of steam. That was when Bella would explain exactly what she intended to do. It had worked when she wanted to go to stay with her dad Charlie at seventeen. It had worked when she decided to enroll in Community College instead of applying to the Ivy League colleges her mother thought she ought to, given her impressive high school scores. It had even worked when she decided to break up with Tyler two years ago. For some reason, Renee had been fonder of him than Bella ever had. Suppressing a shudder at the thought, she took a deep breath and waited for her mother to finish telling her why it was such a bad idea to go to France for a month. "You've only just managed to get a respectable job! It's expensive in Europe. How are you going to pay for the tickets? Where will you stay?" Bella put the phone on her desk, waiting for her mother to run out of protests. She wondered idly why Renee even bothered. For as long as she could remember, Bella had made her own decisions. Unlike her mother, she wasn't flighty. She took her time and weighed her options, ultimately choosing to do what felt right to her. Living with Charlie hadn't challenged her independence either—if anything, he trusted her judgment and encouraged her. Which is why it was frustrating when Renee decided to show her maternal concern by questioning Bella's decisions. "Mom, I need a break," she said firmly once Renee paused for breath. "I haven't 'just' got a job. I'm 26 and I own my business. I can afford to take a break. I spoke to Aunt Carmen and she's invited me to stay at their farm in France. Rose is off from school as well, and Aunt C said something about wanting me to talk to her about some problems she's facing. . . No, I haven't a clue what problems. You'll have to try to get that out of your sister yourself… Alright, I have a meeting in ten minutes, so I'm gonna go now. I'll call you from France, alright? Don't worry so much about me. I love you. Bye!" She ended the call, closed her eyes and breathed deeply for a moment. That was done. Now all she had to do was brief her assistant Alice and she would be free to leave. For a month. In France. There was no masking the grin of sheer delight that lit up Bella's face at the thought. Uncle Eleazar and Aunt Carmen owned a small farm in a tiny village in south-central France. Getting there was interesting, to say the least. Bella flew from Seattle to London, stayed there overnight and caught the flight from Stansted to Limoges the next afternoon. This was her first trip abroad, and she was enjoying every moment of it, layovers, bad airplane food and snoring co-passengers included. When she stepped out of the Bellegarde airport at Limoges, she stopped for a moment just to breathe. The next thing she knew was the warmth of her aunt's embrace. Carmen looked a little like Renee, if you squinted and looked at her sideways, but her personality was as different from her sister's as could be imagined. Where Renee was flighty, Carmen was grounded. She was a nurturer, and the nearest thing to a maternal figure Bella had in her life. Unfortunately, living on separate continents made their contact somewhat sporadic, but it taught Bella at a young age that love really isn't about how often you meet a person. "We'd best be on our way home, anytime you two are done with your hug-fest," drawled Eleazar, leaning nonchalantly against his car. Bella grinned and gave him a warm hug as well. "Aww, you know you're just jealous she got a hug before you did," she teased him. Laughing, they quickly got her bags into the trunk. It was a beautiful half-hour drive to Le Mazet, and Bella alternated between updating them on her life, and gawking out the window at the countryside that flashed by. It was just after five when they reached home—a charming stone cottage with the prettiest blue shutters framing windows from which hung boxes of colorful flowers. "Wow, Aunt C, the pictures don't do this place justice at all! It's such a lovely house!" Bella exclaimed, taking in the simple but comfortable interior. "Now you know why I've been asking you to visit for so long. I've set up the upstairs bedroom for you. Rose has the one opposite yours, so the two of you can chat without us old folk cramping your style. She'll be home day after, by the way. She had some event at university. She'll tell you about it, I'm sure," explained Carmen. Half an hour later, a freshly showered Bella sat down at her Aunt's kitchen table, sipping a cup of tea. Uncle Eleazar finished his cup and stood up. "Bella, darling, I'm going to step over to the neighbor's. You wanna come along? I'll show you 'round the village as well." Bella jumped at the offer. It had taken her all of five seconds to fall in love with the countryside, and she was keen to spend more time out in the open, soaking it all in. She fell into step with her uncle, following him as he turned right along the side of the cottage. Almost hidden by the thick hedges, she saw that there was a short driveway, which suddenly opened out into open land. Bella blinked in surprised delight at the sight of green, rolling fields. A gentle breeze blew a few strands of her open hair across her face, as she turned towards a curious hodgepodge of a building—a long, patched up affair that combined an old stone barn and a newer cottage. There were two massive stone pillars in front, forming an oddly charming covered front porch. She had never seen anything as strange, or as wonderful. Bella may have stayed there longer just gawking at the homestead, if her uncle's voice had not snapped her out of her daze. Bella turned and looked straight into a pair of eyes so vividly green, they put the fields to shame. Her breath caught; her heart stopped beating for a moment. When it began beating again everything was different, yet oddly familiar. It felt like she had spent the last 26 years waiting for her life to begin. And now, in this tiny French village, she saw her life staring back at her through the eyes of a stranger. "Bella, come meet my neighbor, Edward Masen. Bella just arrived this afternoon, travelled all the way from Seattle. Thought I'd better introduce her to all the other village bumpkins so she knows what company she's let herself in for the next month!" It was an effort to make herself move forward and hold out her hand to the tall man. The moment he took her hand in his own, she knew without a doubt. She knew this man. Her soul recognized his. How was that possible? He held her hand for longer than was probably appropriate, but neither of them was keen to let go. His shocked gaze mirrored hers. She discreetly clutched her tingling hand to her heart as her uncle chatted with Edward about something or the other. Bella could not focus on anything other than the indescribable feelings rushing through her. His eyes darted to her own frequently, though he was talking to her uncle again. All too soon, her uncle was ready to go home. Bella felt torn inside. Part of her wanted to hold onto this man and never let go, while the other part wanted to step back and get some perspective on... whatever had just happened. She knew she was too worked up to go home immediately. "Uncle, I think I'll walk around a while, get a feel of the place. I'll be along in a bit, if that's alright," Bella said. "That's an excellent idea," said Edward, his smooth voice sending shivers up and down her body. "Why don't you go on home, Eleazar, and I'll show Bella around?" Bella was struck dumb by the suggestion. So much for getting away and clearing her head! Before she knew it, Eleazar was gone and she stood facing Edward alone. He reached out and took her hand in his. Inexplicably, she relaxed, and smiled. He smiled in response, and for the first time she took in his appearance. Her eyes widened as she realized that he was remarkably good looking. Tall and broad shouldered, he had a rugged strength about him that made her feel safe. He was probably a bit older than her, though, late thirties at least by her estimate. The breeze ruffled his hair, an interesting mix of brown mixed with gold and a few grays. For some reason, that sight snapped her out of her trance, and landed her right in the land of awkward. "Hi, I'm Bella. I'm sorry, I was incredibly rude back when my uncle introduced us, but I just couldn't speak. I…" " De rien, cherie . It's alright. I think… well it is difficult to explain, but I think I understand." He spoke with only a slight hint of an accent, which added to the allure of his already attractive voice. "It was your eyes," she tried to explain. He laughed a little self-consciously, and was that a red tinge to his ears? His gaze, however, was steady as he spoke again. "Mine? Bella, your eyes… I've never seen such calm eyes in my life. It's like you have all the answers." That made her laugh and suddenly the awkwardness disappeared. "All the answers? You should have told my teachers back in school that. They would have had a good laugh." "I aim to please," he said with a grin that made her insides go weak. "Now, shall I show you around our little village, mademoiselle ?" "Oh yes, please," she responded. "When in France…" he trailed off with a smile. "Say ' s'il vous plait ' for please. Greet the people you meet with bonjour , and thank them with merci . That and your charming smile will have the entire village at your feet." She didn't know whether to laugh or take him seriously. She settled for blushing, and softly repeating, " S'il vous plait ." They fell into step, walking through the village as they chatted about nothing in particular. With every step they took, Bella fell deeper under the enchantment of the verdant land, and the man by her side. "Bella!" Rose was a blur in blue, as she almost flattened Bella with the force of her hug. It had been over three years since they had last met, and Bella could hardly believe her eyes. Gone was the chubby, unsure sixteen year old whose glasses nearly eclipsed her entire face. She still wore glasses, but these were sleek and somehow managed to bring out the beauty of her blue eyes. She had grown a few inches in the last few years, and apparently bribed