Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: Meant To Be Rating: M Summary: Edward is a top-notch attorney who has watched Bella grow from a child into a woman. When friendship gives way to lust, what harm can one kiss possibly do? Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. E~D~W~A~R~D The sun was setting after another blisteringly hot day in Miami. Golden sand glistened beneath my feet as I chased the small figure ahead of me. Seashells gently clinked to our cadence as the shells she had intertwined with the mahogany brown strands of her hair moved with each stride. She had woven them skillfully into her lengthy waves, which tumbled down her slender back. She resembled a mermaid. It had been a day of sun, sand, the sea, and Bella. But it was also a day for revelations. This was the first day I'd realized that Isabella Swan was flirting with me. It was also the day I knew I would be going to hell for my inappropriate thoughts and lustful desires. She was a temptress. She was made of everything a man could possibly want; wanton auburn curls which fell to her tiny waist, sun-kissed curves and a coltish grace, her lips a perfect pout. She was perfect inside and out, feisty and tough. She was absolute perfection. And she was just fifteen years old. Fifteen fucking years old! A child. Forbidden. Especially to me. I was her father's best friend and most trusted advisor. We had grown up together and now we worked together. Our friendship was casual and easy. From the day Isabella was born, she had been the apple of Charlie's eye, his baby girl, his angel. The times we'd spent together had been memorable … Good. So it was inevitable that as she grew I had become her favorite person, next to her father. The emotions she aroused had crept up on me, slowly and insidiously until it couldn't be ignored any longer. Even though Bella was a teenager, she still treated me with the casual familiarity that we'd always had between us. I had seen nothing wrong with that behavior until recently. But today, for the first time, I'd realized that Bella was no longer physically a child. She had breasts and hips and although she still had the long slender arms and legs of a teen, she was all woman in other ways. Her wide, liquid brown eyes were inviting and filled with laughter as she dodged a missile made of wet sand that I'd hurtled at her fleeing figure moments before. Her plump lips were stretched wide into an alluring grin of happiness. I watched her with detached, yet avid pleasure of an art lover watching something beautiful, wild and untamed. "Edward!" She yelled, sprinting towards me easily. The wind whipped our hair wildly and carrying her words to me. "Catch me!" Her giggle was contagious and I found myself laughing just as hard as she was as I tried to catch the young nymph ahead of me. Her shorts barely skimmed her ass and provided a very enticing view as she ran, her long, tanned, shapely legs moving furiously in her effort to stay ahead of me. Her taut midriff was bare below her navy blue t-shirt, which she had tied into a knot beneath her breasts. They were young, firm and succulent. Perfectly shaped, they needed no bra to stand so proudly. I could clearly see that she wasn't wearing one. My body and my mind reacted automatically to the beauty before me, but I pulled myself up short as I found my mind wondering down forbidden pathways. About what could happen, fuck, should never happen! I tagged her and stopped running abruptly. Not tackling her onto the sand as I normally would have. Bella stopped, stared at me, off balance, and unsure, her gaze questioning. "Are you okay, Uncle Ed?" She only called me this occasionally, usually opting for the full version of my name, another sign that she wasn't a little girl anymore. I nodded and wiped my brow with the back of my hand before gesturing to the turquoise water, which ran along the beach. "I need to cool down. You coming for a swim?" She smiled and shook her head at me. "No, thanks, you could never keep up with me! I thought I'd give you a break since I don't want you to lose face." "You wish, little girl! I can whip your butt with ease." I joked more out of habit than anything else. Throwing off my t-shirt, I ran into the surf clad in my white board shorts and dived in as soon as it was deep enough. Fifteen minutes later, I came out dripping wet and tired from my mind-cleansing swim. I found Isabella sitting on the golden sand looking more sensual than any fifteen-year-old had a right to look. I decided that acting normally was the best course of action, so I went to sit beside her just as I usually would. "Was the water cold?" She asked smiling softly at me. "It was freezing," I said as I used my discarded white t-shirt to dry my hair. "Much too cold for you." I grinned at her, avoiding her eyes. "Are you coming to my party next week Uncle Edward?" "I might, Bella. If I have time off." Her brilliant smile faded as she stared at me, a small frown creasing her smooth forehead. "Why can't you just come? It's only for dinner at Leonardo's; you know it's my favorite restaurant. Just come. Please?" "I'll try. I promise. How old will you be?" I ask as if I don't know. "Sixteen Uncle Ed. I'm a woman now." I grinned at her through the hair that fell over my forehead. "Not quite Cricket." I baited her, using the pet name I'd used when she was about five. She hated it now. "In another four years you will definitely be a woman, but until then you'll just be my little Bella." She frowned at me before glancing away at the tumbling waves and swirling surf, her lower lip caught between her teeth. "I hate being so young." She whispered at last. "I want to be grown up ... I want to be a woman." I stood up and held out my hand for hers. Her slender fingers intertwined with mine as she stood, looking up at me imploringly. "Grown up enough for what exactly? Why would you want to waste your childhood Bella? This is the best time of your life." I said, doing my best not to look at her braless breasts and highly glossed parted lips. "So everyone keeps telling me. But it's not Edward. I don't want people to see me as a child ... I don't want you to see me as a child." Realization dawned on me slowly. The attraction I felt for her wasn't as one sided as I'd previously thought. Bella liked me, too. Not that it mattered. She wasn't touchable. "Bella, you will always be my best bud and my favorite little girl. I don't think I will ever be able to see you as an adult." I joked, trying to lighten the situation and defuse the desire I felt for her. I was thirty-three for fuck sake. Not sixteen. I shouldn't be having indecent thoughts about a fifteen-year-old temptress, no matter how beautiful she might be. "Really, is that how you see me, Edward? A child?" I nodded slowly, looking out to the sea over her head– anything else but her sweet face and tumbled, sun-kissed curls. "You are a child, Cricket, no matter how much you might wish you weren't. Don't rush things." "But I love you," Bella said in a rush, her young voice squeaking slightly as she forced the forbidden words out, her eyes searching mine desperately. "I want to be good enough for you." I had to defuse this situation, once and for all. "I know you do and I love you, too, Bella - as the daughter I've never had. You know how close I am to your dad..." "Edward! That's not what I mean..." She squirmed from one bare foot to another uncomfortably. Not wanting to hear what I knew was coming, I watched her perfectly manicured, bright coral toenails dig into the sand as I focused on the silver anklet I'd bought her last week at a market, it's sea creatures dangling against her olive skin. "I want you to see me as more than just a child. I want you ... I want you to hold me and to ... To k, k … kiss me." Shock rocked through my system at her words and flung my gaze upwards to meet her shy and fearful eyes. I hadn't realized that girls Bella's age thought of such things yet. Especially about someone so much older, someone she'd known all her life. "Bella, I can't ever kiss you, not like that. I'm your uncle; there can never be anything between us." Her face fell and her wide eyes shimmered with unshed tears. "But - you're not my real Uncle, Edward, I thought that maybe you felt it too ... It feels so good being with you ... It's the best thing in the world ... I love you..." She whispered. Embarrassed. Hurt. I hated that I'd been the one to hurt her, but there really was no way around it. "You're confused, Bella. The love you feel for me isn't romantic love, it's just the love you've always had for me, your Uncle Ed." I ruffled her hair playfully, trying to make light of the weighty conversation we were having. I was dying to fucking ignore the whole thing. It was one thing for me to be silently fascinated by her but another thing entirely for her to feel the same way about me. This was a dangerous and slippery path. I bent down and pressed an innocently chaste kiss onto her forehead. Her eyes slid shut and big fat tears rolled out from under her ridiculously long eyelashes as she leaned into me. Warning bells went off in my head as she wrapped her arms around my waist. As wrong as it was, my body responded automatically to the press of her lithe body against my starved one. I pushed her away far faster than I should have, not wanting the evidence of my arousal to touch her. Her eyes flew open and she stared at me in shock. "I'm sorry. Let's go back. I will try and see you on your birthday, okay?" "I'm sorry too, Edward," she sniffed. "I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable. I don't want you to go away and never come back." I saw more tears pursue the first ones as she walked away from me. "Bella, you haven't chased me away. I won't go. I just need you to understand that there can never be anything between us, beside friendship." My heart ached for her as I realized that she was scared I would leave her just the way her mother had years ago. Rene had been a flighty, easily bored woman several years Charlie's junior, who had suddenly and without warning disappeared when Bella had been four years old. It had devastated the small child and left her scarred emotionally. "Let's go back now," I suggested as I slung my arm across her shoulders, super casual and fatherly - I hoped. Bella's face lightened and she smiled as she wiped at her damp face to get rid of the last sign of her tears. "Okay, let's go home." I dropped her off at Charlie's house and headed straight for my own home for a cold shower and a large glass of whiskey. Despite my almost fatherly attitude towards her, my body was clamoring for release.