Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : ROI (Return on Investment) Rating : M Summary : "You get out of life what you put into it." This strategy works exactly as promised for Bella in all things. . . except love. She's had enough disappointment and has almost decided that it would be better to cut her losses and give up dating altogether when a younger man offers her a new perspective and maybe, just maybe, the biggest payoff of all. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella woke up and headed out on her morning run a little after 6 on Friday. Exactly half an hour later, she was back at the end of her driveway. She was breathing hard and her forehead glistened with the sweat of a satisfying workout. This was just another part of her daily regimen. Structure, routine, self-discipline - they were the pillars of her life that kept her moving down a path of incontestable success. It had taken thirteen years of grueling work and stringent self discipline to establish herself as a full time writer. She had worked a part time job during and a full time job right after college, writing through her lunch, in the evenings, and whenever she could find a spare moment. She had lived within a very tight budget until she was in her early 30's, when she finally felt comfortable relaxing and spending some of her earnings on simple luxuries like the house before her. Now, at the age of 38, it was her retreat, her writing studio and her base between book tours and research trips. Bella toed off her shoes as she came in the front door, grabbed a water bottle from the fridge and lowered herself to the floor in the middle of her living room. She exhaled and reached for her toes, feeling the gentle pull in her calves and hamstrings. She methodically moved through her stretches, counting to fifteen each time before shifting position. Eight minutes later she pulled her tablet towards her and opened her schedule, casually sipping water as she ordered her thoughts. Friday 6:15 - Run 3 miles 6:45 - Stretch 7:00 - Shower and dress 7:30 - Breakfast 8:00 - Review subscriptions/periodicals 8:30 - Fan Mail 9:30 - Annual review with Financial Advisor 12:00 - Lunch and walk 1:00 - Facebook and Twitter updates 1:30 - Reply to calls and e-mails 2:30 - Write 2000 words 4:30 - Prepare for date 6:00 - Meet Eric Yorkie at Jose's Cantina for Dinner & Drinks 8:30 - ? Notes: Groceries delivered between 1:00 and 1:30. PT edits Ch. 3 and 6 Review RR jacket art, submit changes to Molly She sighed. Friday night was date night. There was a time when she used to look forward to it, but lately she had been suffering through her Friday dates. It seemed like all the men she met these days had something glaringly wrong with them. Some were too eager to impress her, condescending because she was a writer, hoping she would introduce them to her publisher, boring, chauvinistic, shallow, self-absorbed. . . did she already add boring to the list? It was tiresome. Bella didn't think she was that picky. She didn't place a premium on looks, but she did value basic hygiene, enough intelligence to challenge her, a personality to explore, an ounce of natural dignity, and maybe just a tiny spark of mutual attraction. She was starting to believe that she was flawed. There was no such thing as Mr. Right in her future, just an endless succession of wrong, wrong and wrong . However, tonight's date seemed promising - Eric Yorkie was a 39 year old magazine editor and the former boss of her editor's assistant. He was only one year older than her, worked in a related field and was successful in his own right. On paper he seemed almost perfect. Bella considered her wardrobe and decided the wide-necked black cocktail dress would be appropriate. She didn't have high hopes for the evening since her last five date nights were complete duds, but maybe Eric would break her losing streak. It was already eight months since she had broken things off with Bentley, the history professor. He had lasted almost three months. Honestly, that was two months too long. He was kind and considerate, but the only spark between them was intellectual. Sex was just. . . intercourse. As the months passed, she felt as though she was watching her life pass by. Her characters were so much more alive than she was. Her friends, those she maintained contact with, were all married with kids ranging from newborns to college age. Her parents had long since abandoned hope of becoming grandparents. Her fans took it for granted that being unattached meant they didn't have to share her with anyone. She could continue churning out two to three books a year and they would be thrilled. It was all starting to feel dry and empty. Even writing, her perennial joy and escape, was harder to connect with. Where was the inspiration? The real life emotion to fuel her characters? Her only remaining comfort was her continued financial success and the way it spilled over into the lives and careers of her agent, publisher, editor and publicity team. And the fans, of course. Connecting with them through their e-mails, letters, pictures and social media posts kept her smiling. They kept her writing. They gave her life some meaning. Bella recycled the empty bottle and headed back to the master bedroom to shower and dress. She planned to make it a good day. She willed herself to remain positive. The date with Mr. Yorkie could be incredible. She might even get laid for a change. She decided to be cautiously optimistic. To save time, she ate her breakfast of oatmeal, sliced banana and cottage cheese standing at the counter while she skimmed through the newspapers and magazines she had delivered both daily and weekly and flagged articles to read later. She rinsed her bowls and stacked them in the sink with her dishes from the last three days. The sight of the nearly full sink reminded her that she needed to make time to clean even though she hated it, especially if there was a chance she would be entertaining a guest that night. Bella selected ten pieces of fan mail at random and sat in her armchair to read them. It seemed like very few people used snail mail anymore except salespeople and hard core fans. She generally recycled the junk mail and kept the letters and postcards, setting aside time each day to read and reply to a few. There were always more than she could hope to get to, and not all of them were entirely positive, but seeing how her work touched people all over the world added an element of pleasure to her work that she couldn't derive from just telling her characters' stories. She loved to know that they were understood and embraced by other people, too. The first letter was written in broken English. It was sweet - what she could understand of it - but deciphering the poor spelling and disjointed sentence structure left her with a headache. She scribbled quick replies to it and the next few letters. The fifth letter was eight pages of crabbed handwriting. By the second paragraph she could tell the writer was unhinged. She folded the pages and returned them to their envelope. The next message was worse - it was very personal in nature. She had received similar letters before, but the lewd comments about her body made her skin crawl. It was evident that whoever wrote the note had met her in person at some point, possibly at a book signing or public reading. Bella shredded the note and the envelope, then washed her hands, but she still felt dirty and violated. Dealing with the 'crazies' was part of being famous and successful. She knew that. But it took its emotional toll all the same. She cursed under her breath when she looked at the clock and realized she was running late for her appointment with her financial advisor. Carlisle Cullen was the true reason for her current level of comfort and security. His advice in her early years had kept her out of the temptations and financial pitfalls that most of her peers fell into right after college. When her income skyrocketed, he had stewarded her funds so effectively that she currently received more annual income from her investment portfolio than she did from her book sales. Bella returned the four unopened letters to the box of fan mail and grabbed her car keys. The morning rush hour was over but it still took her longer to get to town than she expected. By the time she found a parking stall it was already 9:36. She hated being late. She hated being rude. She hated wasting other people's time. She entered the office building and took the elevator up to the fourth floor. She approached the young, dark-haired receptionist and checked in, apologizing for being late. "Don't worry about it at all, Ms. Swan. Follow me and I'll show you to the conference room." Bella hitched her purse a little higher on her shoulder and followed the girl down the hall to a small room with a round table and four chairs. "Can I bring you anything to drink? Tea? Coffee?" "Just water would be great. . . um, Alice," she tacked on, looking at the girl's silver name tag. "No problem. I'll be right back." Bella set her purse on a chair and stood at the window looking out across the parking lot and nearby buildings. Cullen Investments was a small firm. In all the years she had been coming here for annual appointments and the occasional document signing, she had only ever seen Carlisle, a receptionist and a handful of younger assistants. Yet, she trusted him far more than the over-confident, over-dressed young bucks who started knocking on her door as soon as her net worth topped $1M. Carlisle Cullen was calm, an excellent listener and very open minded. He encouraged her to structure her charitable allotments according to her preferences instead of fighting to keep it all under his management. He congratulated her for her successes whether she brought him a new check to deposit or not. After almost sixteen years of working together, growing her accounts from a four-digit to an eight-digit balance, she thought of him almost like an uncle. Their relationship had always been strictly professional, but their conversations about wealth and estate planning were so intrinsically personal that she felt closer to him than many of her friends and associates. Alice popped back into the room with a coaster, a glass of ice water and a bright smile. "Mr. Cullen will be right with you." "Thanks so much," Bella replied. She took a seat at the table and sipped her water gratefully. When the door opened a couple minutes later she was stunned into speechlessness. "Ms. Swan, I apologize for keeping you waiting. Apparently I'm death to printers and I couldn't get the last two pages of your portfolio summary to print in my office. My sister is far better with technology than I am." The young man set a thick binder on the table in front of her, unbuttoned his jacket and sat down at the table across from her. Bella continued to stare. "I'll just jump right in because we do have a lot to cover and I don't want to keep you past our appointment time. If you open to the first tab you'll see a summary of accounts with last year's balance, the current balance and the rate of -" "Where's Carlisle?" she cut in, finding her