Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : The Case of the Salacious Swan Rating : M Summary : Everything told me she wasn't a victim. No, this swan was fierce. She knew what she wanted and she wasn't afraid to get it. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Please take a seat, miss." Her hands shook – anyone's would after going through what had happened to her. The torn sleeve of her shirt and the blood on her pants gave evidence to the scene on the front step, as if the guy writhing in pain on his way to the ambulance wasn't enough. "Try to relax and breathe deeply." She wrapped her arms around herself, as if she were trying to hold herself together, letting the tumult of her mahogany hair fall across her face like a curtain. The man next to her hovered over her protectively, as if she'd break. This young woman was small and fragile-looking, appearing even more so with the behemoth man standing next to her. He stood next to the couch with his arm around her shoulders, acting fairly possessive of her and I wondered idly if it was because of the ordeal she'd just faced or this was his general demeanor. It really didn't matter – it shouldn't matter – not to me. I was just the cop assigned to take her statement. Her eyes flashed to mine and immediately I knew I'd read the situation wrong. She was small with delicate features, but the fierceness in her gaze spoke volumes about her inner fire. She shook out her bloodied and bruised hands as if trying to relieve herself of writer's cramp. "I'm ready now," she said, her voice still shaking. "Where do you want to start?" "Please start with your name, age, and address," I said, my pen poised over the report. "Isabella Marie Swan, twenty-three, 5437 Placard Street." "In your own words, please tell me what happened." I steeled myself, ready for this part; this is when most victims fell apart. I never liked this part of the job, asking people to relive their pain; I'd rather do anything other than paperwork. "I walked two blocks over to the grocery store. I go there most nights just to get something fresh for dinner. I saw this guy in the produce section, but I didn't think anything about it because he was talking to another woman. Anyway, I did my shopping and paid for my bag of stuff. Since I was walking, I thought I'd better pee before I headed home. "When I went in the bathroom, I saw the lady he had been talking to, but I didn't pay her much mind." "How did you know it was the same woman?" Most people don't notice details like that, so my curiosity was piqued. "She had on a DKNY sweatshirt and was carrying a Dooney-Burke bag." "And you saw that… when?" "When I was in produce. When I saw her in the bathroom, she looked upset. Not crying or anything, but kind of pale. I did my business and when I came out, she was putting on her lipstick with a shaky hand. I asked her if she was okay and she said yes. "I came out of the bathroom and saw the guy waiting outside. I figured they'd had a row or something and didn't think much of it. I started for home, but I felt someone following me. I turned around and looked, but there didn't seem to be anyone on the streets. Still, I threaded my keys between my fingers, just in case something happened." Okay. Brownie points for being smart, too. "When I got home, I turned around again and didn't see anyone. Mrs. Cope waved from the apartment next door and –" "Is she the woman who called?" "I guess so – I really didn't think about how you got here. Anyway, I unlocked and opened the door. I kept my keys in my hand as a safety measure. When I turned to shut the door, he was there." She stopped and took a deep breath. I braced myself for the waterworks. This was the hardest part of my job, handling the tears and the residual terror vics felt. I had cards in my pocket for counselors – good ones who knew how to help vics past their fear – but I had to live through her pain first. "Whenever you're ready," I urged. Her eyes met mine, heating me in a fervent glow. She blinked quickly, pulling herself upright and continued. "Okay. Uh, what happened… Oh." She swallowed hard. "I guess he tried to push his way in. He grabbed my free hand – the one that happened to have the keys. He tried to push my arm up against me, but I pushed back hard and jammed the keys into his throat. He cursed and swore, and I dropped the bottle of milk. That's probably when Mrs. Cope called," she said as an aside to herself. After a moment, she continued in a straightforward tone. "I kicked his knee and pushed him into the broken glass and milk and when he slipped, I kicked his foot out from under him. Unfortunately, he had my wrist and pulled me over with him. I got up before he did though; I didn't want him in my house. I didn't know what weapons he had." Well, alrighty then. I'd really misread the entire situation and the woman as well. I turned to the guy. "When did you come into the picture?" "I got here right before you guys pulled up. The guy was just lying there moaning and I ran in to check on Bella." He pulled her a little tighter. "I live here." I don't know why I felt so crestfallen at the guy's admission, but I swallowed it down and tried to concentrate on my job. "Is there anything else you'd like to add, miss?" "No, that's about it. Oh – wait, one other thing," she added quickly. "Check the guy for drugs. He's got pretty bad speed bumps, a cracked tooth, and he smells really bad." I wasn't sure how she knew all this. "Alright, noted. Where can we get in touch with you if needed?" "Probably here," she said, taking my pen from between my fingers and writing her number on the bottom of the report – right where I would have put it. My mouth fell open and my shock must have shown. As she sat back down, she said, "Oh. Sorry. Dad's a police chief in my hometown." That spoke volumes to me. Through his tutelage, she must have learned how to kick ass as she so appropriately and soundly had done to the perp. He wouldn't be going anywhere for a long time by the looks of it. "Thank you, Miss Swan. You can get a copy of the report in a couple of days, if you'd like." The man with his arm around her stood up as I did. "Are you guys going to put that guy away for good?" "Jacob – ," "No, Bella, he's lucky to be alive. If I'd have been here ten minutes earlier, he wouldn't be so lucky." "But you weren't, so…" She looked up at me through her lashes, that same intensity burning in her eyes. "Sorry …" She glanced at the badge hanging from my belt. "Detective? I didn't get your name." "Detective Cullen, miss. I'm glad I could help. Here's my card. Call me if you need anything." Like someone to kick this guy out of the house. She stood "Thanks. C'mon, Jake. Let the detective do his job." I reluctantly left the premises, leaving the young Miss Swan to tend to her affairs, however misguided they may have been. I turned in the report when I got to the station and headed for home. The young Miss Swan paraded through my thoughts punching the dirtbag with her keys, blowing out his knee, and shoving him onto the broken glass. In my mind's eye, she was terrible and beautiful and… And way too damn young. By the time I opened the door to my flat, I felt dirty and disgusting. "What an old perv," I mumbled as I hung my coat and holster on the rack by the door. It's true what they say, old habits do die hard. Even though I lived alone now, I still took my pistol to the gun safe and locked it up as a residual habit from my time with Tanya. The remainder of my clothes lay by the foot of the bed in a heap as I examined my body in the mirror. At forty, I was still fit and trim – the job and the gym kept me that way. I never knew when I'd need to chase a perp or put someone in a headlock. I wasn't bad. But was I twenty-three year old material? If Jacob was any indication, I was sunk. I gave up and walked to the tub. I let the water ran for a minute, trying to get the old pipes in the building heated up sufficiently for a steamy shower. It was one of my only vices: a shower so hot my skin stayed pink until bedtime. I wondered idly if I'd started this with Tanya as well. She was always so cold, first literally and later, figuratively. I stepped into the steaming shower like a lover's embrace. I sighed aloud, knowing no one would condemn my indulgence. Most others in the building had gone to bed long ago, so the chances of keeping the hot water hot were good. As I rubbed the soap over my body, my thoughts once again returned to the night's victim. No, that wasn't right. It was apparent that Bella Swan was no one's victim. Remembering the way she'd looked at me, the intensity when she asked my name after looking at my badge… I couldn't help but imagine that look to be much sultrier than it was. My hands followed a course from my nipples past my scar to my cock, soapy and wet. I was lost in my fantasies about the delectable, young, saucy Miss Swan and pumping my shaft with each remembered nuance. Had she checked my badge? Or was that an appraising glance at my package? The thought sent a signal to my balls that it was time to release my load. My hand sped up around my needy cock, and I shot long and hard and wet and soapy, suds flying with the cum. At least I was in the shower; cleanup would be a breeze. The morning sun streamed through the office windows as I walked into the station. The captain sat at the edge of my desk, holding what appeared to be an incident report. "Cullen," he said, his voice deep and gravelly. "Read your report. That Swan girl's really something." "You said a mouthful," I replied, trying with everything I could to keep my dick soft. I repeated in my head, 'My dog is dead, my dog is dead' until the vividity of my Bella fantasy faded. "Yeah. She told you her dad's a police chief, yes?" "Yes, she did." "Did she tell you who he is?" "Uh, Police Chief Swan, I assume," I replied, fingering through the cases on my desk. "Yes, that's right, smart ass. Police… Chief… Swan…" He let each word trail off, giving emphasis to the whole. The way he said it brought images to mind. "Are you saying it's the same — ?" "Yes, that Police Chief Swan. The guy who took down the Aberdeen Three. By himself. Without back up. That guy." "Well, that explains a lot," I said. "She put her attacker in the hospital last night. That guy won't be dancing anytime