Title : The Five-Year Rule Rating : M Summary : Hot old dude was cocky from the beginning, yet for some reason she wanted him. He was relentless, and she was a brat, but together they were on fire. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella I'm sitting on my bed in my studio apartment surrounded by books, my thick brown hair is all over the damn place and keeps coming out of the messy bun it's in. I love my little studio apartment in Chelsea, it's cute and decorated in sections to make it look larger than it is. Studying for my finals is kicking my ass. Being a junior at Columbia Business School is frustrating and just damn hard. I need to finish this semester and then prepare to take on my last year of my MBA. I can't wait. My phone starts ringing and I look at it seeing my sister's happy face pop up on the screen. I press ignore. "Not now Alice," I grumble at the phone. I turn my focus back to reading over my notes from my Master Class in Consulting. Thank God, for my impeccable note taking skills or I would be up shit's creek. My phone starts ringing again and I want to ignore my sister, I do love her. I really do, but I need to study! I snatch my phone from where it lays next to me. "Alice-" I start but a loud screech interrupts my words. "I'm getting married!" She yells so loud that I hold the phone away from my ear. "Alice, what the hell are you talking about?" She must be drunk; surely, she's not marrying her boyfriend of six months? "Jasper asked me to marry him! Where getting married in Hawaii in July!" I'm speechless. Utterly freaking speechless. "Bella, say something!" I take a deep breath, "Are you sure, Alice?" I ask waiting for her answer. Don't get me wrong, Jasper is a great guy and I think he's perfect for Alice. However, don't you need to be with a person more than six months in order to get married? "Yes, I'm absolutely positive. Bella, I love him so much." The conviction in her voice puts me at ease. I can hear the love she has for him and it gives me a slight ache in my chest. I hope one day I sound so sure about someone, one day like ten years from now. "Wow! Congratulations, if you're happy, then I'm ecstatic!" I tell her meaning every word. "Good, because you're my maid of honor! I'm emailing you everything I need you to do." She rattles off excitedly. "Alice, I have finals and work, I don't have time-" She cuts me off mid-rant. "I only get married once, make time! I gotta go, love you!" She ends the call leaving me bewildered as usual. Damn, my sister's getting married. In Hawaii! Edward I'm burning the midnight oil going over fucking , final pitch presentations. This would be the largest account my company has ever won, it's a huge deal for me. Owning my own advertising agency has been a lifelong dream of mine and it finally came true two years ago. The ringing of my phone takes me away from the ads in front of me. Checking my phone I see Kate's name and I press ignore. I met Kate at an industry party and we hooked up a few times. I thought it was clear that Edward Cullen doesn't do relationships, I'm too focus on my company to get involved with anyone and honestly some of these women just want a husband. That shit is not fucking happening. My phone rings again and this time I notice it is my brother Jasper. He's five years younger than me at thirty-one and unlike me he swears he's ready to get married. He bought the ring a few weeks ago. I pick up and I'm greeted with my brother's scream. "She said yes!" Well, can't say I'm surprised. Alice has had her hooks in him since they first met. "It's your funeral," I say jokingly, maybe just a little bit. "Don't be a jerk, you love Ali." He's right. The few times I've met her I'd thought she was great. She's a little high strung for my taste, but it works for him. "If I wasn't a jerk I wouldn't be me," I tell him seriously. I'm where I am because I'm an asshole everyone knows that. "Well , get ready to be your charming self as my best man. I'm getting married in Hawaii, July Fourth weekend." What the fuck? "What's the rush? You knock her up?" Standing up, I stretch my long limbs looking over my sleeve of tattoos. I really should think about doing the other arm. "Fuck you, just be happy and show up. Got it?" He doubts me, as he fucking should. I had plans to go to Miami for the Fourth of July. "I got it, and Jas…" "What?" "Congratulations." He lets out a hardy laugh then hangs up on me. There goes my plan of drowning myself in between the legs of multiple women. Who knows, maybe I'll fuck a bridesmaid? Bella Hawaii is like a dream come true. Four days in paradiseare just what the doctor ordered. Between finals and helping my sister plan this shotgun wedding, I need to just relax. I'm sure that's not going to happen with Alice , but once she's married I'm cutting loose! Hell I'm young and I'm on vacation. It's going to be fucking epic! I exit the airport in Kona and find the shuttle bus to the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel. It's crowded and although the air conditioning seems to be on high, it's hot as hell in here. There is one available seat, which happens to be next to some sexy as fuck older dude. He's not as old as my dad, Charlie, but I would say he has at least ten years on me. If I didn't have the five-year-rule, I would totally get on that. I take the empty seat aware that he is blatantly staring at me. I can feel his eyes roam my body and my nipples tingle under his scrutiny. I say over and over that this dude is older, but my body sure as hell has a different plan. He's wearing a black shirt, opened at the top revealing a small covering of chest hair. His shirtsleeves are rolled up to reveal a tattooed sleeve and muscled forearms. That's fucking hot. His face is divine and I'm not exaggerating. Old dude is smoking , with his chiseled cheekbones covered in facial hair. His green eyes dance mischievously as they take me in. "I'm here for a family thing but…" He shrugs his shoulder suggestively, and then gives me a sexy smirk and a wink. Five-year rule. I do not do older men. Not even sexy-as-fuck old men. Five years is as old as I'm willing to go. I don't do old men and I don't do younger men. They need to be the perfect age for me. "Does that usually work for you? What's the matter can't find a woman your own age down at the senior citizens home?" I give him my best bitch brow, but it does nothing but cause him to laugh loud and hard. If I wasn't working on trying to ignore what he's doing to my body and how sexy he looks with that disheveled hair. I would actually enjoy his laugh. It's loud and deep, the kind that comes straight from the belly and I just want to listen to it all day and night. "Playing hard to get? I like that." He inclines further into me and takes a deep breath. "You need to back off, gramps. The desperate act is not a good look on you. I turn around in my seat officially dismissing him. I'll be damn if I give him the satisfaction of knowing I'm attracted to him. Nope, I'm sure once the bus gets to the hotel I'll be so busy with Made of Honor duties that I'll never see any other hotel guests… Especially hot-as-fuck-old-dude. The rule cannot be broken. No. It's in place for a reason. "I'm sure I can show you just what a thirty-five-year-old man can do." He gives me another wink and I practically grip my seat to stop myself from jumping him on a crowded bus. Jeez! Get a grip Bella; he's just some horny man. Totally not your type. I try to repeat this to myself over and over, but being so close to the demi-god is driving me crazy, no matter how much I ignore his leering looks. The van pulls to a stop in front of the Mauna Kea Beach Hotel. It is breathtaking. People start exiting the van and I turn to face sexy grandpa. "Well, I hope you find a young girl that will fall for your lines. Enjoy your vacation." I stand up grabbing my bags. "Oh baby, I'm sure before my vacation is over, I'll have you beneath me." He says as he follows me off the van. "In your dreams." I turn away from him trying to hide my blush. The playful banter is the most excitement I've had in a long time. The boys I've dated this year have not caused anything to stir in me like this man has in the short thirty-minute ride from the airport. I quickly take my luggage, rolling it to the front desk, acutely aware that sexy is following me. I may or may not add an extra swing in my step, giving him a full view of the ass. I stand at the front desk waiting to be seen but before I'm helped Alice scream my name. "Bella! I'm getting married!" She runs over to me wrapping her arms around me. My sister is a little smaller than I am but freakishly strong. Her short length, jet-black hair is cut in a very fashionable bob. She's wearing a cute little sundress and a pendant that says 'Bride '. She's jumping up and down in my arms, screaming, "I'm getting married, Bitch! I'm getting married, Bitch!" I laugh, her happiness is contagious and I start jumping up and down with her. Jasper walks past us with his own smile on his face. His curly blond hair falls into his brown eyes. He's tall and lean and they fit together perfectly. "Big brother! I thought for sure you would've dumped me for a pretty young girl somewhere in your travels." I release my ecstatic older sister and turn to see Jasper stop by the man that heckled me on the bus. He then leads him over to us. "Trust me it wasn't from a lack of trying." He eyes me suggestively causing Jasper to look between us. "Edward! I told Jasper you wouldn't bail from your best man duties." Alice flings her arms around Edward. He oddly pats my sisters back; clearly not used to showing affection to someone he does not intend to have sex with shortly. Jasper pulls a reluctant Alice off him and he lets out a sigh of relief, visibly relaxing. "Bella, come meet my big brother Edward. Edward this is Alice little sister. She'll be a senior at Columbia this semester." Hot Edward walks over to me wrapping his arms around my waist with no hint of the awkwardness he had with Alice. His fingertips tease my exposed skin and my breath catches. Butterflies dance in my belly, and a wave of arousal coats my panties. His soft lips skim my earlobe as he whispers, "Welcome to the family, Sis." I hate to admit that I want him, but I will not give him the damn satisfaction. I will deny my cooch the satisfaction of