Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: Tequila Courage Rating: M Summary: For over a year, her gorgeous young intern has teased her. After having one tequila shot too many, will she finally have enough courage to call him out and make him put up or shut up? Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Tequila Courage "Beep, deep, bip, boop, beep" The beloved R2D2 sound effects chiming from my cell phone jolted me out of a sound sleep. Sleepily, I glanced at the clock on my bedside table. It was after midnight on a Tuesday morning, only one person texted me on a workday that late or early, depending on how you looked at it … Edward. Just thought you would like to know, Remember Me is on NetFlix.-E Despite the late hour and the much-needed beauty sleep that was slipping through my fingers, I quickly responded to his text. Yeah? Is Taylor still super-hot?-B I sent the text, and like a complete loon I sat up in bed, in my pitch-dark bedroom and waited for his answer. Since I heard you tell Janet that actor dude looks like me, I gotta go with YES! -E Dammit! The thrill of receiving a late night text from the hot, young object of my illicit fantasies, was all but gone. Edward knew I thought he was hot? Shit! I tossed my phone onto the table and pulled the covers back over my head. How would I be able to face him tomorrow at work? "He's so into you." I rolled my eyes at my obviously crazy friend and continued to input all of the expenses from the sales department into the company's accounting software. "First, could you find a less annoying place to sit?" I made a big show of pushing her tiny butt off the corner of my desk, grabbing the invoices she'd been sitting on. "And secondly, he is not into me." I snorted at the absurdity of her previous statement. As expected, Alice ignored my request to move. "Hmmm, let's take a look at the facts. He sends you late night texts to tell you that your favorite movie is on, or a knock-knock joke or movie quote," she oh, so cleverly ticked off the so-called facts on her tiny fingers. " He comes in on his day off just to see if you need any help, he stays after his shift to hang out, he talks to you about everything going on in his life, and in a fit of jealousy he drew moustaches, fangs and devil horns allover your Robert Pattinson calendar." I cringed at the memory of the atrocities he inflicted on that beautiful man's face. "Alice, it wasn't a fit of jealousy. He just wanted to make fun of me, and yes, we talk about everything. He's an intelligent and funny man, we're friends, but there's no way in hell someone like Edward is into someone like me." Take that Tiny Tina. The truth always wins out. Predictably, Alice rolled her big hazel eyes at me. "Bella, you don't see yourself very clearly. And you're missing all of the signs. He's into you." With that little nugget of bull crap floating in the atmosphere, she left my office and I got back to my accounts. "Hey, do you want me to stay tonight?" Edward turned around from the filing cabinet so quickly that he nearly caught me staring at his ass. Luckily, I've become quite the master at hiding my wandering eyes. Putting on my professional face, I looked right into those emerald green orbs and lied. "Nah, I can handle the end of the quarter stuff." Inwardly I was shuddering at the thought of the hours I'd be spending in the office this weekend. But my need to be in control didn't allow me to accept a lot of help, especially with something as important as closing the fiscal quarter. "Besides, I'm sure you have better things to do than hang out here and help me balance budgets and figure tax payments." My job as the head of accounting at Aro Industries wasn't glamorous by any means, but it did keep a roof over my head, food in my refrigerator and a steady stream of doggie treats flowing for my dog, Bear. Basically, I lived my life making sense out of other people's nonsense. My days were pretty tame, but the addition of a twenty-two-year-old intern with sexy bedhead and a killer smile, made my days much more enjoyable. At thirty-two years old, I'd achieved everything I'd set out to do, professionally. The personal side of my life, however, was a void. No husband, no children. Not even an ex-boyfriend I could publicly hate or regale my friends with tales of his tiny dick and total lack of bedroom skills while privately hooking up with him late at night to exercise my frustrations. I was such a loser. A loser with a gorgeous man to stare at. Things weren't that bad. With a finely honed skill that only women possess, I smiled and pretended that his nearness didn't make my panties wet and my thighs clench. "I always have better things to do than fix the sales departments mistakes on their quarterly reports, but that's not what I asked. Do you want me…?" In my dreams, in my bed… "God yes! I want you!" I answered loudly without thinking. Damn my five-year dry spell! It was allowing my libido to speak before my mind could catch up and slap a gag around its big mouth. Edward's eyes grew wide in surprise. I'm sure they matched my own giant orbs. I didn't even try to clean up my word vomit. Shame faced, I swung around in my office chair to face the wall and began clicking numbers on my adding machine as fast as my chubby Swan fingers would go. I hoped that he'd think I was super busy and not say anything about the line I just majorly crossed. As my adding machine clicked and clacked at high speed, I gradually felt the heat leave my face. Apparently, Edward was going to let me off the hook. My breathing slowly returned to normal. I'd just about returned to my normally professional status of uptight, queen worker bee, when the intoxicating smell of Edward surrounded me like a cloud of pure sex. I swear that man's scent leaves me stunned stupid. I'm convinced that if the military ever got a hold of him and weresomehow able to mass-produce and bottle his scent, they'd have a weapon of mass destruction in their hot little hands. Sure, the weapon would only be effective on heterosexual women and gay men who found Edward attractive, but believe me, there would be plenty of people willing to do their nefarious bidding for another hit of eau de Edward . His scent got stronger, indicating he'd moved closer to me. My fingers paused over my keyboard as my stomach involuntary sucked in and my boobs pushed out. He was so near. My whole body clenched with the knowledge. Like a deer caught in the headlights, I was unable to move for fear of blurting out that I frequently masturbated to fantasies of him taking me hard up against the wall in my office. Sometimes telling the truth isn't a good thing. My chest seized as his breath tickled the fine hairs on my right ear. "Bella, if you want me, all you have to do is call." The sound of my name leaving his gorgeous lips felt like a caress across my neck, I heard my office door open and close. Phones rang and people moved around in the nearby offices as I sat paralyzed at my desk. I'd lost all concept of time and hadn't moved until Alice practically knocked me out of my chair. Tiny Tina is deceptively strong. "What the hell happened here?" I'm not really sure. What the hell did happen? "Bella, how long have you been sitting here?" I couldn't answer her. I had no idea how long I'd been sitting there. A quick glance at my desk phone showed the time as ten minutes after five in the afternoon. Holy shit! Edward only worked until four on Fridays, which meant that his statement had paralyzed me for nearly an hour! "I'm so fucked!" My head hit my keyboard with a loud clunk. "Whoa, girlfriend, why don't you tell me what happened before you commit suicide by computer?" Alice eased my head off the ergonomically correct keyboard. I leaned back into my desk chair, my shoulders and back groaning with the movement. Can your muscles atrophy after only an hour of inactivity? I stood up to stretch my arms when a more insistent problem than tight muscles made itself known. "I need to pee. " And gather my thoughts , but first, I really needed to pee. I got up and headed for my open door. "You're stalling. But that's okay, I'll wait. The girls aren't expecting us for another thirty minutes, "she smiled, sitting down in my recently emptied chair, crossing her arms over her chest. Shit! I'd forgotten I'd promised to meet everyone for drinks tonight. Ignoring Alice's inquiring eyes; I skittered off toward the bathroom. Thank God, I was alone. If anyone had heard my groan of relief as I emptied my bladder, they'd totally think I was doing something entirely inappropriate for the workplace and probably would never shake my hand or share an elevator with me again. The warm water rolling over my hands in the sink was soothing as my mind tried to make sense out of what had happened. While my verbal outburst had explicitly stated that I wanted him in a very physical way, as usual, Edward's ambiguous answer had my head in a tailspin. " If you want me, all you have to do is call." There's no way he meant that statement to imply he wanted me to call him for anything other than help with the accounts. Right? He was messing with me because, one, I'm way too easy to mess with and two, he's figured out I have a crush on him so he's taking advantage of me. That's what hot guys like Edward do. Right? The face staring back at me from the mirror looked as confused as one person could be. The person in the mirror did know one thing for sure, I was fucked! "Damn it, Bella, pull em' up and get out here! " I swung open the restroom door to reveal my impatient friend. "Here's your stuff. I shut your computer down, let's go." I caught my purse in the air as she turned and headed for the elevators. "Alice, what about protocol?" Company policy strictly forbids anyone else to have access to my computer. "Protocol, shmotocol, "she poked me in the chest with her tiny finger, "you, my friend, need a night off and the girls are waiting. " "But…" I protested. "Who is the head of Information Security around this joint?" She asked and poked the down button exactly three times before snapping her fingers twice. Alice had a few quirks. "You are." "Exactly. Am I going to bust my own ass?" The doors opened and I followed her into the metal box. "No," I admitted. "So, drop it!" She ordered, before hitting the button for the ground floor twice and tapping her foot three times. The trip was quick as we were only five floors up. Alice refused to use the stairs after five o'clock. She was afraid that the doors would lock and she'd be stuck in the stairwell until morning. I tried to explain that night security checked the doors regularly throughout the night, but she refused to believe me. "I'm going to wait until the time my first tequila shooter