Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: My Princess Rating : M Summary : Once upon a time, Edward saved a five-year-old girl — that he dubbed as 'Little Princess' —from being thrown out on to the streets. Years later, she needs his help again to fight for what is rightfully hers. Can he see past her age and give love a chance, or will she always be 'Little Princess' to him? Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. My Princess EPOV The room was dark and music was loud. The eyes of all the male patrons were glued to thestage. However, I just wanted to leave and go home to my book. "Why am I here?" I asked loudly in order to be heard over the music. My two friends turned away from the show and looked at me in irritation. Jasper was the first to sigh heavily and answer my question. "We are here to celebrate your birthday." He gave me a tight-lipped smile while his eyes glanced at the stage again. "So you took me to a strip club?" I snorted with disdain. "Since when has this been something I've wanted to do?" "Dude, have some respect. This isn't a strip club. It has more class than that, it's burlesque," Emmett admonished me. He was already back watching the show, transfixed on a dancer. "Aren't you too old to say dude? And your wives are fine with your being in here," I pressed. ~A good evening for me was normally a good book and maybe a beer. I also enjoyed going to the theater or a concert. Both of them groaned and turned to me again. "Man, you got to lighten up some. You've been living like a hermit since Heidi left you for Tyler. We just want you to have a good time." Jasper then downed the rest of his whiskey before he slammed the empty cup on the table. "Our old ladies know we'rehere. It was a compromise to an actual strip club, where Emmett wanted to take you. This night is for us as much as for you." He raised his hand to signal for the waitress. "I wouldn't let Rose and Alice hear you calling them 'old ladies.' I know for sure theywould kick your asses for that one." I snickered as I dodged the napkin that was tossed at me. "That's it, you, old grump. You definitely need a boost." Emmett looked up when a waitress approached the table. He smiled then gave me a wink, which made me wary of what he was going to do next. The waitress stopped and looked at the three of us curiously. "What can I do for you boys?" I couldn't stop my eyes from scanning her body. She looked very young, and I hoped she was old enoughto be in here. Her body was thin and tight in the form-fitting lacy black top that showed offher snowy white skin. Her breasts were full, bouncy and natural looking, and you could see through the lace that she wasn't wearing a bra. Even though she was short, she had the longest leg that disappeared into her small leather skirt. Her long brown hair was pulled back from her heart shaped face and hung in waves down her back. I shifted in my seat, as I found myself growing hard at the sight of her. "How much for a lap dance for my friend here? It's his birthday, and he needs a treat, like a sweet thing, just like you, Kitten." Emmett smiled at her. I glared at him, but I was ignored. "Nothing," the girl answered back immediately. She was smiling, but her brown eyes weren't. "You do them for free?" Emmett winked at her. She shook her head, and her lips formed a thin line. "Sorry, we don't do those things here. It's not that type of club," she said firmly. "I'm sorry for my friend…" I glanced at her name tag and realized why Emmett called her kitten. "Kitten." I finished. She glanced at me, and her irritation melted away. Something about her doe eyes reminded me of someone I couldn't place. "That's okay; he's not the first to ask. Can I get you, three, more drinks?" She offered. Our gazes locked, and I found it difficult to look away from her. "Please," Jasper answered. She blushed and turned her head away first before she walked away. My attention was drawn to her tight ass swaying in the short skirt. "Edward, are you going to hit that?" Emmett encouraged. "Don't be so demeaning, Emmett. I won't be doing anything. She's way too young for me." I turned away to glare at him. He and Jasper were both were watching me with matching amused expressions. "Dude, you were eye-fucking her, admit it," Emmett grinned proudly. "It's a shame, bro. Imagine the look on Heidi's face if you were to show up at the charity dinner with her on your arm. Heidi would be livid. She never looked that good, even with all her enhancements." Jasper smirked. "I'm not using any girl that way." I hissed at them. Kitten approached with a tray of drinks. She set the others in front of my friends before turning to me. "A special drink for the birthday boy." She lit the shot and held it out to me. "Blow it out and make a wish." She leaned forward, giving me a better view of her full breasts. She cleared her throat and winked at me. I blew out the flame, and the lace of the edge of her shirt fluttered slightly, andher nipples were now visible through the lace. She bit her lip, blushed, and set the drink in front of me on the table. "Happy birthday…" she trailed off, looking at me. "Cullen. Edward. Edward Cullen." I grew more flustered while my friends laughed. She paused giving me a curious look before she straightened and gave me a flirty smile. "Happy Birthday, Edward." I watched her walk away and disappear into the back. P I was waiting for my car when I noticed her standing outside in the cold. She was wearing an old sweater and a pair of jeans, but she still looked like the sexy little kitten from inside. She seemed to be arguing with herselfinternally, when finally, with a big sigh, she adjusted the bag on her shoulder and headed over to me. "Mr. Cullen, may I ask you something?" She looked nervous; the earlier confidence in her eyes was gone. "Sure … Kitten." Not wanting to use that name, but that was all that I knew. "I've got a legal question for you that I was hoping you could help me with it, or at least, tell me someone who could. I've tried your office, but I got the impression that your secretary hasn't relayed my messages." I grew wary that she already knew my profession, but she looked so innocent at the same time. I couldn't help but to be curious about what she wanted. I felt this need to help her. "Go ahead," I encouraged. She blushed and smiled sweetly at me. "I'm not sure if you remember me. I'm Isabella Crowley," she informed me. My eyes widened in shock. I did remember her. I first met her while I was studying pre-law. My fraternity brother, Tyler, wanted my help with his inheritance. He claimed that his sister wasn't biologically related to him and wanted to contest his father's will. I was willing to help him, until I found that he was trying to take money from an adorable five-year-old girl. Disgusted by Tyler's behavior towards an innocent little girl, I refused to help him any further thus ending our friendship forever. Since then he seemed to have a vendetta against me. Instead, I helped his sister — who had introduced herself as Bella-with-an- a. She reminded me of a Little Princess. We spent some time together while my father took over her case, reading her favorites and eating ice cream. Her favorite book at the time was Anne of Green Gables. Once her case won, she moved to Boston to live with her Aunt. "Little Princess or should I say Bella-with-an-a." I grinned in recognition. She let out a small giggle as her eyes lit up. "You remember." She beamed happily. "I do. Look at you all grown-up. The last time I saw you, your face was smeared with chocolate." I looked her over again andfelt a little dirty and disgusted with myself. I had known her since she was a baby, and here I had been having inappropriate thoughts of her all night. Her face heated with embarrassment, and she ducked her head. "What can I do for you, Little Princess?" I asked, focusing on her problem. "My aunt died a fewyears back, just before I was eighteen. My guardianship went to Tyler since I wasn't a legal adult at the time." Shit, not good at all . "I was under the impression that my father's will dictated I came into my inheritance when I turned eighteen. However, Tyler claims it's when I'm twenty-five, and he won't let me see a penny of my inheritance. I lost my copy of the will in the fire that killed my aunt. Since your father's law firm handled my case years ago, I wondered if there was any record of it in your firm's files," she stated. "There is, and I can get you a copy. However, I remember the case myself since I was allowed to sit in on it. You were supposed to get everything you were entitled to on your eighteenth birthday. He has no legal right to withholdit from you. You should take legal action against him." I felt a swell of anger against Tyler. Bella looked relieved. "One more thing, I guess. Can you suggest where I can get a lawyer to help me; one that won't require me to pay them until after the trial?" She pulled her lower lip into her mouth and sucked on the corner lightly. "I'll be more than happy to take your case myself," I promised her. She gave me a skeptical look in return. "I can't afford you." She shook her head and shrugged looking uncomfortable. She was still that very young girl in need of someone to take care of her. I wanted to be that someone. "I'll take the case pro-bono. In fact, I usually handle all the firm's pro-bono cases, so it won't be any imposition. I'll be happy to help for several reasons. The first being that I haven't been able to stand your brother since the first time he tried to take what was rightfully yours. The second being that he and my ex-wife cheated on me for five years before I found out. She finally left me about two years ago. She wanted me to be a hotshot lawyer taking big cases and making a ton of money. She hated that I helped those who needed my help more, and that I didn't care if I got paid," my voice tensed during my rant. Bella took a step back from me looking slightly uncomfortable. I felt slightly embarrassed that I blurted all that out to her. It was more than she probably wanted to know. "I'm sorry." She looked apologetic as she nervously played with the strap of her bag. She shivered in the cold, and I realize she probably wanted to get home. "I'm the one who's sorry. This never should've happened to you. Nevertheless, I'll set it right. If you give me your cell number, I'll contact you once the ball is rolling." I pulled my phone out of my pocket. "I don't have a cell phone." She cringed, looking ashamed. I was amazed; I thought all kids had one