Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: Vinyl Rated: M Summary: He's young, good-looking and in town for the summer. She's beautiful, kind and someone's mom. Can records and workouts be the key to their happiness? Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Emmett!" I yell up the stairs. "Hurry up, if you still need a ride." Emmett grumbles as he slowly thumps down each step with his camo backpack slung over one shoulder. "I've got plans. We need to hurry," I say when his combat boots stop in front of me. He's thirteen and almost my height. His frame is bulkier than mine, but he's not yet cut like I am. "Gotta hot date?" he asks sarcastically. I ball up my fist and show it to him. "Yeah, with your face." He flips me the bird. "I'm so scared." Emmett squints one of his green eyes and scrunches his nose. I mirror his look, challenging him to continue acting like a little shit. I lower my fist. "I'm in a hurry." I grab my keys on the table by the door and walk outside. I yell over my shoulder, "Get in the car, will ya?" He growls under his breath. "Aren't you supposed to be at work?" he asks. "You are my work." A few months ago, Aunt Esme called asking me if I'd be available to hang out with my cousin this summer while they vacationed in Europe with some partners from Carlisle's law firm. I was hesitant at first but agreed when she offered me a hefty amount to help cover my lost wages and enough extra to put into savings. So this summer will be filled with carting Emmett around town and making sure he eats, sleeps and does whatever else a thirteen-year-old needs to do to survive the summer months in Forks. All I remember about being Emmett's age is whacking my meat several times a day and sneaking a porn mag or two from my dad's stash for my spank bank. But that was twelve years ago. Once I was in college and met Tanya, I didn't need my hand as much—until recently. I drop Emmett off at his friend Jasper's and remind him I'll be back to pick him up at five. He mumbles something unintelligible before slamming the door to my Chevelle Super Sport—my baby. "Ugh." I cringe when the rubber seal on my door doesn't mask the strength of Emmett's departure. He takes off running toward the house before I can get out and beat his ass. "Fucker." I didn't spend a whole year restoring it to its intended glory for some punk ass kid to disrespect it. My attention is diverted for a moment when I watch a girl with brunette hair open the front door for Emmett. I take one last look at the immaculate, white two-story house with the wraparound porch before putting my car in gear. Jasper's parents must be loaded because I see a Mercedes SUV in the driveway along with a convertible Porsche Carrera. My phone rings as I'm pulling away from the curb. "Hey, what's up?" "You on your way?" Sam, my best friend from middle school, still lives in this sleepy little town. I was in eighth grade when Mom and Dad moved us to Seattle, but I kept in contact with a handful of my old friends, Sam being one of them. We played every imaginable sport together growing up, so we were naturally closer. "I'll be there soon. I just dropped Em off at Jasper's house." "Whitlock?" "Yeah, I guess." "His mom is fucking hot! She comes into the pharmacy on occasion, and I always imagine doing her in aisle three." Sam laughs, making me smile. "What's so special about aisle three?" "His and hers lube and condoms." "Wow, you never cease to amaze me." "Hey! When have I ever not been amazing?" I roll my eyes at his remark. "Well, at least Emmett is off my hands until five, so you have about six hours to tell me all about your mom-fantasies when I get there." I hang up with Sam and then start plotting out how I'm going to make Emmett pay for the nasty attitude he's had since I arrived in Forks. I'm mentally picturing a grueling exercise routine. Running at the crack of dawn seems like a good place to start, followed by calisthenics. It might knock him down a notch or two and put my Masters in Physical Education to good use. . . . Once I get to Pete's Pizzeria, it only takes about five minutes for Sam to tell me how he'd do Jasper's mom. I have to laugh because while he thinks she is hot as hell, Sam only has a few moves, and I doubt those amateur level maneuvers will help him land a hot MILF. "Dude that would be like dating your Aunt Kate," I tease. Sam picks up his straw wrapper and throws it at my head, but I bat it away, hitting him in the chest. "Shut up. And who said anything about dating? I could just hit it and quit it." I shake my head in disgust as Sam lifts and rocks his hips suggestively. "Gross, man. Damn gross." But it is funny none-the-less to picture Sam with a woman his Aunt Kate's age and I rub that fact in his face while we play some one-on-one basketball at the park. . . . At five o'clock sharp, I'm honking the horn at Jasper's house, waiting for Emmett. When he doesn't show after a few minutes, I get out of the car to retrieve him myself, which pisses me off. A gentle, warm breeze blows as I approach the house, and I hear Clapton floating in the air. It sounds like vinyl on a turntable, which excites me, and I wonder who loves the same music I do. I knock softly on the screen door, and it claps as it hits the wooden frame. I shamefully lean closer, peering inside, looking into the dimly lit living area, and it only takes a few seconds before the girl with the long, brown hair walks my way. She wipes her brow with the back of her hand and smiles. "Hello?" she greets and then giggles. My words stick in my throat because one, I've been caught peeping in, and two, I'm suddenly mesmerized by her eyes and the warmth that exudes from their depths. They are a mixture of browns with green undertones; they are welcoming. Her eyes twitch and her smile falls, and it's then I realize I'm staring and need to speak. I clear my throat, swallowing down embarrassment. "Um, yeah ... I'm here for Emmett?" I stuff my hands in the pockets of my athletic shorts. "I'm Edward Cullen, his cousin." "Oh, yes. The boys are still playing in the woods. Would you like to come inside?"The smile from a few seconds ago returns. She's friendly, and her voice bubbles with happiness. "Sure, but I told Emmett to be ready at five. Do you know where in the woods they might be? I could just go and get him." I'm pissed at Emmett for ignoring what I told him when I dropped him off earlier, but yet, I have a strange need to enter this girl's home. It's warm and inviting, just like her eyes. The song ends and a new Clapton song begins to play. My head turns to where the music fills the room, and my suspicions are confirmed—a retro-looking, turquoise turntable spins, the vinyl crackling every so often. "I'm sure the boys will be back soon. They've been out there most of the day, only coming in earlier for a few bottles of water and a snack." She holds the screen door open and motions for me to step inside. "I think they smelled the cookies baking." The corner of her mouth turns up into a half smile, and I hear a puff of air expel from her nose. "Can I get you a drink while you wait? There's lemonade." I feel her eyes on me as I step through the door. She doesn't move to make a clear path, instead making it so I brush up against her arm as I walk inside. She smells of perfume, and I draw in a deep breath. She catches me and smiles but it falters a little before she folds her arms into her body as she leads me to the kitchen. "No. I'm fine, thanks." The aroma of cookies fills the air, and I see them on a metal stand next to a pitcher of lemonade. "Have a seat. I'm Bella, by the way." "Nice to meet you." And it's not a lie. "I'm in the middle of making dinner. You can keep me company while we wait on Jazz and Em." Bella opens the fridge, retrieving a bottle of white wine from within. Her flower print sundress swishes as she pivots, turning to the cabinet for a wine glass. Her back is exposed and tan; her shoulder blades move as she pops the cork and pours herself a drink. The slight ridges of her spine are mesmerizing, and my eyes follow the dips and divots until her dress conceals the rest. It's been awhile since anyone has caught my eye so I clasp my hands together, laying them on the bar, and study her, wishing she had on a more form fitting dress. "Where are you from, Edward?" She hasn't turned to me, so I continue to watch her every move. Her head tips back slightly as she takes a sip of her wine. I lick my lips as she sets her glass down on the counter top. Bella opens the door to the refrigerator, putting the bottle back inside and then turns to me. I reply, "I'm from Seattle." "What do you do when you're not running around after your cousin?" Her fingers curl around her glass once more, and she walks to the counter where I am sitting and stands in front of me. She smiles and her eyes twinkle in the light. "I work at a gym back home." Her eyes fall on my bare arms. The Under Armor tank top I'm wearing doesn't hide the involuntary twitch of my muscled biceps. A lopsided grin tugs at my face when I see her notice, and then her eyes dart to mine like I've caught her doing something wrong. "Mmmhmm, I see." I don't take my eyes from hers. "You look fit." I lick my bottom lip and let my eyes drift down her body. She answers, "We have a home gym." "We should work out sometime." She shrugs, making me think she's uninterested. I'd love to see Jasper's sister in workout clothes. I might not get much accomplished, but it would be well worth the time I would get to spend in the gym with her. This image just might be what wet dreams are made of. "I don't know." She walks around the counter toward the backdoor. I feel the heat of her stare on my back, and it sends a tingle up and down my spine. Bella steps outside onto the deck facing the wooded area behind her house. I rock back in the barstool I'm sitting on to see her tugging at a rope attached to a large, loud bell. She stands there, looking off into the distance with her hand shading her eyes. I slide off the barstool and join her on the deck, but she doesn't notice me until I put my thumb and finger in my mouth, whistling loudly, startling her. I cup my hands around my mouth and yell Emmett's name. I graze Bella's arm with my hand, and she sucks in a breath. I feel bad for sneaking up on