Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: The (Wet) Dream Girl Rating: M Summary: Once upon a time, Bella babysat Edward. But now he's all grown up and so are Bella's feelings toward him. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Mom." She looks up from my bedsheets somewhat guiltily, giving them one last tuck before straightening. "What?" "You never made my bed when I was a kid," I chuckle affectionately, "… and you don't have to do it now." Everything in my childhood bedroom is as it was when I left it, for the most part. The sheets are new, a pale purple I probably would not have picked myself but like despite. I plop down on the freshly made bed. "Yes, well." She sighs, the picture of happiness and contentment, and sits beside me. "It's good to have you home." "It's good to be home." I nod. "I missed you." During my college years, visits home were a bit all over the place. Spontaneous weekend trips during freshman year, when I was still adjusting to being on my own, became sporadic as time went on, though I always returned for major holidays. The summer before my senior year, however, I was accepted into an overseas program studying comparative literature in London that lasted into my first year of grad school. Despite living in Seattle again I'm still not home much, but wild horses couldn't have kept me away this Thanksgiving. Mom gives my knee a little pat. "I've missed you too, Bella. A lot." She sits with me for a minute more before saying she needs to get back to the stuffing and Angela, my sister, who was elbow deep in pecan pie last I checked. Yawning despite the fact I slept in for once, I wander over to the window and lean my elbows on the sill. Squinting, I can just barely see the corner, where we used to catch the bus, and how the empty parking lot we gathered in once upon a time is now a taco joint. In my time away, my hometown grew up without me, I guess. It's . . . weird. I've lived on this street my entire life. I broke my elbow on my bike when I was ten because I hit the railroad ties in front of the Copes' yard. Next door are the Cullens, whose boys –the most adorable kids ever – I babysat for years. Their dad, a physician, was the neighborhood "cute dad", and my friends and I all called him Doctor Dreamy. I wonder idly how the boys grew up – they'd be in high school now, I think, which makes me realize how the cliché "time flies" is sometimes fitting. "Bella!" Angela's voice floats up the stairs. "Come on." She's enlisted me to help with dessert, so I yank a hoodie on and head downstairs to perform my sisterly duty. I grab my glass seconds before my cousins Riley and Royce plow into the table. They're five and physically incapable of sitting still. "Ow!" they yell in unison, barreling off as my Aunt Renata hurries by. "Sorry, Bella," she huffs in passing. "It's all that sugar." It's not, really - the twins live life at sixty miles per hour - but I just nod and smile and take another sip of water. Grandpa Swan chortles into his mashed potatoes and gravy, swatting Grandma Marie away when she tries to hand him a napkin. I suspect he's had way more wine than he's letting on. Stifling a laugh, I turn my attention to other end of the table, where my mother's in full fret mode. "Mom?" "The bottle opener!" she cries melodramatically, a bottle of wine in one hand and a mangled lump of silver in the other. Angela jumps up, rolling her eyes. "I'll grab the -" "No; that one's gone - I tossed it out ages ago…" I glance at Grandpa and Grandma, who, frankly don't look like they need any more wine. And we're only halfway through dinner. "Mom, it's fine. I don't think we need -" "It's the dessert wine." Sighing heavily, she trudges back to the kitchen. For someone who loves hosting dinner parties and holiday gatherings, you'd think she would take these kinds of things in stride. Angela is rustling through the drawers when I join them. "Why don't I just go to the store?" she asks, voice slightly muffled. "Actually, Bella, would you run next door? See if Esme has an extra?" The thought of leaving such toasty warmth for the blustery darkness outside holds little appeal, but I'll do it for the vino. "All right. Let me grab my coat." The Cullen's home glows brightly as I approach, triggering endless memories of nights spent babysitting here. It had been a great gig: the kids were rowdy but adorable, Esme paid well, and the kitchen was always packed with goodies. I started the summer after freshman year and continued all the way through graduation, becoming quite close to the whole family. Because of college and now grad school, I haven't seen them in years. I find myself quite anticipating the reunion, wondering what everyone's up to these days. Shivering, I ring the doorbell and burrow deeper beneath my scarf, wishing I'd put on a warmer coat. Shapes and shadows pass the curtained windows, and then the door swings open. "Jasper?" I gasp, scarcely able to recognize the tall, handsome blond towering over me. He's still got some growing to do, but it looks like our predictions about these kids was right on. "Bella?" he asks, scratching his head. "Let her in, Jasper!" Esme cries, pushing her son out of the way. "It's freezing out there." She pulls me inside, where it's just as cozy, loud and delicious smelling as my house, and envelops me in a hug. "Hi, sweetheart. I was hoping you'd stop by - Renee said you were coming home." She still wears the same perfume, and I get a nostalgic whiff as I hug her back. "How've you been? I can't get over how tall Jazzy's gotten." "Seriously, Bella?" Making a face, he shakes his head. "No one's called me that sh-" Esme flicks his shoulder. "Jasper." "That crap in years," he finishes, wandering off. "Sorry," I say crisply, hiding a smile. What does he expect? He was a baby-faced third grader when I started babysitting for this family. "Jasper." "How's your mom?" Esme asks, leading me further into the house. "She's fine - actually, that's why I stopped by. Do you have an extra bottle opener? Ours kind of fell apart." "Of course; let me get it for you." Esme pats my arm as she deposits me in the living room, where Jasper's already back on the couch, watching the game with what looks like uncles and cousins. "Grab a seat," he calls, shoving a younger boy off of the couch. "Remember Bella, Garrett?" He peers at me, unsure. I remember him, though - Garrett Cullen's the baby of the group. He's got to be in sixth or seventh grade by now - I think. "Hey, buddy. We used to build Legos together." His face brightens some, and he nods. "Oh, yeah. Hi." "Hey," I say, smiling warmly. "Come watch the game," Jasper insists, motioning me over. "Oh, I'm not staying long. I just stopped by to borrow something from your mom," I explain, shaking my head. "Thanks, though." "Bella used to be our babysitter," he announces, a little belatedly, to the group. A chorus of hellos ensue, and I'm giving them an awkward wave when someone bumps into me from behind, nearly sending me sprawling. "Sorry," a smooth, deep voice says, grabbing my arm to steady me. I turn my head slowly to find an absolutely gorgeous guy holding on to my arm, peering at me like he knows something I don't. A funny feeling jolts through me the second our eyes meet, and I step back a little, disconcerted. Recognition dawns as he stares down at me. It's Edward, the oldest of the Cullens; like Jasper, he's much taller than me now and certainly isn't the gangly adolescent I remember. I do, however, remember those eyes and how stunning they'd been on him as a child - green as gems, fringed with the longest, darkest eyelashes. Now they're just…devastating. "Bella?" I remember those freckles...right across the bridge of his nose. That smile, right there, sort of a half smile. Goofier when he was a kid, but he's certainly grown into it. "Hey, Edward. Long time no see." Backing up a bit, he folds his arms and nods. "Yeah, no kidding. You back for good?" This is so weird. I remember playing video games with him, making him chocolate milk and PopTarts. Now he's practically a man. A man with broad shoulders and stubble. "No…just for Thanksgiving." "Yeah, me too." "What grade are you in now?" I blurt. "I graduated," he says, somehow managing to scoff and smirk at the same time. "I'm a freshman at UW." "Can you believe it?" Esme coos, reappearing with the bottle opener. "My baby. In college." "Mom," he huffs, running a hand through his hair. "Bella's in grad school now, aren't you, honey?" "Yes, I am." I keep my eyes on her, even though Edward's staring quite unabashedly at me now. His attention is flattering, but it catches me off guard, too. "Also at UW." "Oh! You'll have to show Edward around. Give him the insider's tour," she sighs, giving me a side hug. I suspect she too has been hitting the wine, which is kind of hilarious. I'd love to spend more time with her now that I'm older. Tucking the bottle opener beneath my arm, I nod and peek up at Edward. "Anytime. I'd love to show you around." And I would. But if the way he's checking me out right now is any indication that he likes me, I'll have to be careful with how I proceed. He's good looking, no doubt, but he's young. "Anyway, I should go. Thanks for the opener." "I've got a couple." She hugs me again. "Bella, come back before leaving, okay? We'll have coffee." "I'd love that." She gives Edward a little push. "Walk her back, honey." "It's fine, Esme -" "I don't mind," he says, flashing me a little smile. Jasper and the others are completely enthralled by the game, so I sneak out the way I came, weirdly aware of how close behind me Edward is. We walk briskly over to my house, bracing ourselves against the wind. "Man, it got cold so fast," I say, feeling the need to just say something. "They're saying it might snow early this year." His hand rests just behind my back as I hurry up the rain slicked stairs to my door. It's unexpected, and it's sweet. "Good seeing you, Bella." "Yeah, you too." I almost say more, like, you've changed! but something holds me back. I fumble for the door and he disappears into the dark. Despite Esme's suggestion I show Edward around, I don't actually see him again until March. Not that I'm looking. Well…he crosses my mind, but I'm usually so busy he doesn't stay there. Unlike past years in sun-drenched locations, I have no plans for Spring Break. A good friend in the engineering program, Jake, is new to Seattle, so I offer him a place to stay over break. My mother loves nothing better than hosting, and Jake's a total charmer, so it's a win-win for everyone. The night we come home she makes a roast, inviting Angela's boyfriend over as well. We stay up late into the night, shooting the breeze over beer and spades. The next morning Angela's stupid cat wakes me up at the butt crack of dawn, mewing and scratching at the door to be let out. I