Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : Holiday Rating : M Summary :What do you do when your life has stalled out? When you feel stuck, stagnant? Bella decides going abroad alone is the answer. But a bathroom door with no lock and a hankering for coffee where there's only tea, just might make her solo trip turn into an adventure for two. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Where does someone go on a vacation by themselves? The melancholy I've been drowning in lately is back, and the thought of going somewhere without Seth is killing me. I know he needs time with his dad, and I could use some time to clear my head, but it doesn't make it any easier. He's only been gone two days, and I already miss him like crazy. Looking around the quiet, empty house, I know there is no other choice than to get the hell out of here. I'll go crazier than I already am if I stick around. There's only so much house to clean and books to read. Besides, every book I own is a fucking romance novel, and I don't need that shit. And no, I'm not bitter. Just resolved. The only men I need in my life are Seth and Jake. I continue to scroll through flights and destinations, randomly plugging information into search engines, when a website for house rentals pops up. I don't need a house. It's just me. But the idea of spending weeks in a hotel seems even more depressing than my current situation. Maybe a loft apartment? That could be cozy. Maybe in a busy city? That might be a good distraction. With lots of museums. I love museums. Oooooo… Paris. I've always wanted to go to Paris. But who goes to a city associated with love right after a divorce? A masochist. That's who. And that ain't me. I scroll a bit more, even bringing up Pinterest and browsing the pictures associated with "holiday" and "vacation destinations", but nothing calls out to me. Sam hates to travel. Probably because of what he does for a living, but we didn't even have a honeymoon, for crying out loud. Three days in Pittsburgh while he covered baseball games does not count. The life of a sports writer isn't as glamorous as one might think, and it especially isn't for the spouse of a sports writer. Especially when that sports writer bags a babe in every city he's in, and said spouse finds out by trying to surprise him for their anniversary in one of those said cities. My nails dig into the palms of my hands as my fists clench. I blow out a deep breath, willing myself to forget. When I tip my wine glass up to try to wash down the bad memories, it's bone dry. And so is the bottle sitting next to me. I guess that's my cue to call it a night. Closing the laptop, I look over at Jake and ask him if he's ready to go to bed. His lazy stretch and yawn is all the answer I need. Of course, Jake sleeps about twenty hours a day, so he's always ready for bed. "You're such a good boy. You don't sleep around, and you're always loyal. Could be because I had your balls cut off." I talk to the dog. So what? "Sorry about that, by the way." He looks up at me with his big chocolate brown eyes and wags his fluffy tail. "Have I ever told you how you used to piss on everything in the house? Well, you did. So, off with the balls." I sigh, climbing into bed and waiting on Jake to take his place beside me. In less than five minutes, Jake is snoring, and I'm left staring into the darkness. This used to be my sanctuary, but now… it's just a sad reminder of what once was… and the fact that I'm alone. Sure, I have Seth, and I love him more than anything in the whole entire world, but I miss adult companionship. And sex. I really miss sex. ***H*** "Bella!" my boss's voice booms into the room. "I thought you were going to be on vacation for the next month." The way the words ooze from his mouth lets me know he's not happy to see me here. I should've guessed he'd be pissed, but it's irrational. What boss wants their employee to be gone for a month? "Mr. Sanders, if I didn't know any better, I'd think you were trying to get rid of me." I don't lift my head from my work, continuing to plug numbers into the spreadsheet I've been working on all morning. "Is there something I should know?" I ask when he doesn't say anything. Looking up, I see his brows pinched together, and he's pulling at his tie. He's frustrated. I know those signs well. "Listen, you've been through a lot. You need some time off. And besides all of that, you haven't taken a vacation since you've been here. Do you know how bad that makes me look to HR?" "Well, I'll send them a memo and tell them I'm the one who chooses not to take a vacation. I'm sure that'll clear up any misunderstandings." "Bella." "Fine." "Just take a month off, blow some vacation days, get refreshed, and come back ready to work." "It's easier said than done." "I'm sure there's somewhere you'd like to go… just you." "That's the problem. I don't want to be that far away from Seth." "You and I both know that Sam will take good care of him. He might not be a good husband, but he's a good dad. Besides, Seth is ten. He's practically grown." "He's still my baby." "He'll be fine. And so will we." "Promise to miss me while I'm gone?" "Of course." ***H*** "Flight 1901 to London is now boarding." I watch as people begin to line up according to their seat numbers. Families. Couples. My good ol' friend, loneliness, is sitting right beside me, but I shake him off and remind myself that I'll soon be in London. I'm hoping this trip does me some good and I'll be able to clear my head and enjoy myself. "Seats D1 through D25." I should've flown first-class. Once I'm seated and securely fastened in between two burly men, with zero elbow room, I pop in my earbuds and turn on an audiobook to give me something else to think about, or at least some background noise to fall asleep to, for the next ten hours. I chose Chelsea Handler's book, Are You There God? It's Me, Vodka . I love vodka. Maybe I should've gone to Russia. I also love wine. I'm an equal opportunity drinker. One of the many things I love about this audiobook is that it's read by Chelsea. Win. I hate audiobooks where the characters are read by someone who sounds nothing like what I pictured the characters to sound like. Total mind-fuck. Up until a few months ago, I had been married for twelve years and a mom for the last ten. I can count on one hand the times in the last twelve years when I've just done what I want to do… only worrying about myself. After thirty minutes or so of over-analyzing audiobooks, thinking of all the things I want to do once I land, and sort of paying attention to Chelsea, I drift off to sleep. ***H*** "Hey, Mom." I knew this call was inevitable. My parents are freaking out because I'm traveling internationally alone. Apparently, it's unsafe and irresponsible. "Are you being careful?" "Yes, Mother." "I know you're grown and can do and go as you please, but it doesn't mean I don't worry about you." "I'm thirty-five. I've been married, had a kid, got a divorce… I think I can handle a trip across the pond." "Don't use that tone with me. Your father and I just worry, that's all. So, where are you staying again?" "I'm renting a room in a flat in Notting Hill." "So you're not staying in a hotel? Is that safe?" I look around at my meager accommodations—a double bed, small chest of drawers, and a nightstand with a lamp. It's definitely not The Ritz… or even the Holiday Inn… but it'll do. I just need a bed to sleep in and somewhere to shower. I don't plan on spending much time indoors. I brought my journal and my camera. I want to see London—watch some theater, browse old book stores, sit in a café for hours… reading or doing absolutely nothing. "It's fine, Mother." "Are there other people staying there?" "Well, I'm sure there are. I got in late last night, so I came straight here, and my hostess showed me to my room." "And by hostess, you mean…" "A woman. Yes." She's being ridiculous. It's what she does best. We sit in silence on the phone for a few minutes—her probably stewing over my careless attitude and me stewing over her need to hover. "I love you, Mom." "I love you too, baby. Be safe out there! Don't talk to strange men… or men in general. Oh, and Bella, honey, whatever you do, have fun. I really do want you to enjoy yourself. I just don't understand why you couldn't have found a quaint little place to do that within the continental United States…" Oh, brother. Here we go again. "OK, Mom! Hanging up now. I love you. Tell Dad I love him and to not worry. I brought my mace." I make one more quick phone call to check on Seth but try to keep it short and sweet. For one, my phone bill will be outrageous, and for two, I don't want Seth to get sad that I'm so far away. I figure I'll go with the out-of-sight, out-of-mind strategy, but he sounds like he's having fun and is totally distracted by the remote control car his dad bought him. Way too busy to talk to his old mom. Hearing him happy makes me happy but also a little sad, because I miss him something terrible. Pulling out my notebook, I look through the different travel notes I made on the plane—things I want to do and see—and try to get a game plan for the day. Once again, I'm hit with that feeling of realizing I'm alone… and free… and it feels good. I grab a pair of jeans, a t-shirt, and my toiletries and head to the community bathroom that the hostess showed me last night. Fortunately for me, it's just across the hall from my room. I knock on the door, but no one says anything. Just to make sure, I press my ear to the wood. I can't hear anything, so I crack it open and peek in. How embarrassing would it be to walk in on a complete stranger and then have to see them for the next three weeks? Seeing that it's unoccupied, I go in and start the shower. The knobs are weird, so it takes me a few minutes to figure everything out and get the temperature right. Before I undress, I go to lock the door but realize there isn't a lock, just a tiny brass knob. I crouch down and look for a button or something… anything that would secure the door shut, but there isn't anything. I stand there for a second, staring down at the knob, and then back at the shower. I decide to hang a hand towel on the outside of the door to signal that someone is in here. That worked when I was in college. Surely it's a universal sign. I finally undress and hop in the shower, making quick work of washing my hair and