Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: Exquisite Rating: M Summary: A jaded artist no longer able to see the colors of life meets a younger man on the brink of greatness. He sees her as the art; she thinks he hung the moon. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. EXQUISITE "How long will you be gone?" "Two weeks." She remembered a time when he used to tell her his business plans ahead of time. But that recollection existed in the furthest corner of her mind, in a windowless place that offered no warmth. If it weren't for the sharp scrapes of his fork against the plate, Bella would have thought that she was dining with a ghost or simply in her usual bubble of solitude. "I've already given the keys to the boy." "You didn't think it was a good idea for me to meet him first?" Mike shrugged his shoulders, ruling Bella's question to be completely absurd as he continued eating. He was used to his wife's unnecessary questions, preferring to shut her out as he often would. Bella watched her husband's movement, eying the way he dabbed the corners of his mouth with a napkin. She looked at the miniscule, red marks on his neck that he hadn't bothered to hide. They glared at her with blatant mockery, highlighting her inability as a wife. The first few times, she'd cried herself to sleep. But a few times after that, she found her heart thumping a little softer until it came to an inevitable stop. Forever frozen, in its last beating motion. Bella looked back down at her food, feeling as if the sight of those marks had robbed her appetite. However, Mike continued to eat obliviously. He always avoided eye contact with his wife, preferring to stare at the unidentifiable object that was located just past her ear. "He won't disturb you at all; he'll just be in the office downstairs." Bella searched for any signs of consideration on Mike's face before realizing just how fruitless it was to expect that from him. She nodded quietly, not knowing what to feel about having more strangers in the house, as if the man who sat opposite her wasn't enough. She stared at the bareness of her fourth finger. It held no declaration of the marriage in which she was trapped. It teased her with the temptation of escaping into another realm, away from the chain that tied her to Mike. She wondered if it was possible to redo her life and begin again; rising from the ashes like a phoenix. Slowly coming back to her senses in a painful realization, she pushed away her petty thoughts, knowing that they would never succeed in her wretched reality. She reminded herself of why she never pursued such an escape. Love was a mythical treasure she'd never have. ~.#.~ Bella patted the sponge across the canvas before angling her head sideways, scrutinizing the painting from a different view. She walked several steps back before she grimaced, not entirely content with how the artwork looked. She was just about to press the paintbrush- dabbed in blue- against the canvas when the doorbell rang. Slowly walking down the double curved staircase, she wondered who was standing behind the door. Was it the naive boy about who Mike constantly complained? Or was he just like Mike, a man who had lost his moral compass, out at sea. She opened the door to see a young man dressed in a long-sleeved, business shirt. Reddish-brown hair accentuated the light green coloring of his eyes as a small smile graced his lips. "Mrs. Newton?" Bella mentally cringed at the name, hating the way it sounded. She wasn't sure if it was the honorific title itself or the use of Mike's surname. She gave the man a welcoming nod, opening the door for him to enter. An aroma of fresh cologne followed him, permeating the house with a sense of novelty. It was vastly different to the pungent smell of women's perfume that seemed to be permanently sprayed on all of her husband's shirts. "Mike gave me a key but I thought I'd ring the doorbell as a proper guest, especially on my first visit," the man smiled. His clean-shaven face displayed a defined jawline that begged to be appreciated. However, he looked terribly young. Bella was curious about his age; he didn't look a day older than eighteen. "What was your name again?" she asked. A look of uncertainty had washed over his features before he replied, "Edward Cullen, ma'am." "Bella will do," she said, trying not to sound too intimidating. She led Edward into Mike's office. It was a large room with file cabinets creating a perimeter around the area. Several photographs in their black-and-white magnificence hung on the walls, depicting buildings with utmost perfection. Her husband had designed them. Edward had looked around the place before he set his briefcaseon one of the desks. He gave Bella another smile, creating small wrinkles on the outer corners of his eyes. "I won't make a sound; it'll be as if I'm not even here," he said. "There are some renovations going on in the building so Mike thought me being here would be easier to manage his affairs." "It's okay. This house could use a bit of noise." Bella left Edward, shutting the door quietly behind her. As she walked back upstairs, she felt nervousness spread through her body in ripples. Staring at the painting that patiently waited on its easel, she found inspiration coming quicker than the speed of sound. Even though she didn't know where it was coming from. ~.#.~ She had knocked on the door gently before she heard a muffled reply. Edward smiled at her whilst taking off his black-rimmed glasses. "I'm going to order pizza and I was wondering if you wanted anything in particular," Bella asked. She knew there was a mini fridge in the corner of Mike's office, but that hardly contained any decent food for dinner. There were usually bottles of beer and cans of soft drinks as well as a few packaged sandwiches. However, she hadn't been in that office, in a long time. "I was ...just going to go home," Edward answered nervously and played with the blueprint that was in front of him. "Oh." Bella glanced at the Roman numerals of the clock on the wall. It was nearly six o'clock. "Yes, of course, you should go home," Bella laughed stiffly, moving to close the door. "Wait-" Edward yelled before bashfully wincing at the loud tone of his voice. "I can stay ... I have a bit more to finish off, anyway." "It's fine. You should probably go home and get some rest. Mike said you'll be here every day." Edward stared at the woman who stood a few feet away. He detected a sadness in her eyes- one that shielded her from any more harm that could come her way. Her eyes seemed to dart all over the place when she spoke,as if she was afraid to witness the disappointment on other people's faces. A strange urge to comfort her pounded through his heart. When she opened the door this morning, he felt his mouth grow dry and his tongue become tied up in knots. She had to be the most beautiful and most heartbreaking woman he'd ever seen. Fragility surrounded her very essence, making Edward's head spin every time he made eye contact with the brown eyes of his boss's wife. He wondered what part Mike Newton played in allowing such a tragic look to appear on the face of his reticent wife. At the very thought of Mike Newton, Edward reeled his head back, as well as the questions he had was his boss's wife. He had sought after this work experience for so long and only a selected few got to work for the legendary man. She was the forbidden apple that he couldn't reach, no matter how hard he tried. She was completely untouchable, threatening to destroy him if he got any closer. Yet, he wanted to. So badly. Flashes of his desires had taunted him all day as he was reminded of the fact that she was upstairs. He wanted to press her against a wall and kiss her silly. He wanted to make her forget everything on her mind. But most importantly, he wanted her. Even though he knew, he could never have her. "Okay, Bella," Edward replied. "Then, I'll see you tomorrow." "Just let yourself in next time," Bella said quietly before she turned and left. As her hand slipped away from the doorknob, he felt a buzzing in his heart that mimicked the wings of an irksome bee. He looked back down at the blueprint in front of him, feeling a little smile tugging at the edge of his mouth. She hadn't been wearing a wedding ring. ~.#.~ Bella dove into the pool, feeling the bubbles tickle her skin as she found herself suspended in peaceful oblivion. She floated like a starfish as she watched the clear blue sky through the skylight. Edward had finished most of the day's work, and with Bella's permission, he strolled around the house. It had been a few days later and she hadn't offered to give him a tour, but he figured he didn't really need one anyway. The light in her eyes dimmed every time she talked about her husband or her house. He thought about what she could possibly do upstairs all day. He wondered if she thought about him the way he replayed her face over and over again in his head. It was not long before Edward walked into the location of the indoor pool. The crystal, clear water and the array of cushioned, pool chairs were not the only things that brought beauty to the room. The woman who was floating in the water made Edward swallow thickly as he tried very hard not to stare at her body for too long. He walked to the edge of the pool where Bella caught sight of him. She gracefully floated closer, staring up at him from under her lashes. If Edward weren't already having a hard time tellinghis body to stop pumping blood to his groin, he would have had a civilized, but angry, talk with his penis. However, his other head was adamant about listening to Bella, instead. "Would you like to join me?" she asked quietly. Edward fumbled for words, wondering what the right answer should be. He settled on an excuse. "I don't have any swimming trunks." Bella pushed herself out of the pool as Edward stepped back. Her skin glistened with droplets of water that managed to cling to her, teasing Edward as one slid between her breasts. As Bella brought a towel over her shoulders, Edward noticed her pebbled nipples sticking out through the thin fabric of her bathing suit. His eyes followed the curves of her body down — belly, hips, legs, ankles. Then they moved up to stare at the area between her inner thighs. He swore he could hear himself gulping. He felt rather hot. On second thought, he might as well dive into the pool. "Follow me," she said. His mind was busy maintaining eye contact with her face to oppose Bella's words, but he lost that battle, too. He suddenly found himself walking up the stairs, being sure that he looked at his feet instead of her backside like an indecent pervert. He had waited for her outside one of the rooms before she returned with a brand new pair of swim shorts. "I'll need to cut the tag off," she murmured. "I bought these for him but he's never even gone swimming in our own pool." "Too busy?" Edward asked. Bella paused, looking at Edward as if she was searching for understanding. As