Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : Catch-22 Rating : M Summary : Damned if I do. Damned if I don't. One way or another, I knew Edward Cullen would turn my world upside down. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Sparkly chandeliers: I've counted six. Sparkly champagne flutes: I lost track at seventy-two. Sparkly diamond necklaces: more than I have time to count—and one less than the night started with, thanks to James. I saw him slip the expensive piece of jewelry off, but I doubt anyone else did. Even the old cougar whose neck it had been wrapped around was too busy grabbing his junk to notice. Dirty old bag. My sparkly gold dress fits right in, but it's itchy. I hate it. It's not me. I'm not gold, sparkles, glitz, or glamour. I'm not up-dos and high heels. Without all of this, I don't look a day over sixteen. Most girls my age are just graduating high school or on their way to college. They're worrying about their next party or their part time job. Inside, that's who I am. Well, who I want to be. One thing is for sure. I'm nothing like the people around me, but for a few hours, I pretend to be. "Marie Jameson," I introduce myself, using the fake name I decided on for this event. The man I've been scoping out all night is none other than the father of one of James' friends, but I use that term loosely. James thought it'd be a fun challenge. I don't really care, as long as I don't get caught, and as long as I don't have to touch his dick. I'm sure it's as old and wrinkly as the rest of him. Lauren spilled the beans that her father is loaded and currently dealing with a pain pill addiction. He pops them like candy, and mixed with the alcohol from tonight's indulgences, he'll be asleep before the sheets are warm. Hopefully. He takes my hand and kisses the top, introducing himself in return. His mustache tickles my skin, and I laugh genuinely. His eyes dance with excitement, and it's obvious that he's starved for attention, like most of the men I approach when working with James. One giggle, a few doe-eyed glances, and they're putty in my hands. I try not to let the power go to my head. The last thing I want is to be like James, but it does feel good… to be wanted… to get what I want. But none of this is really what I want. What I want is to be free from all of this—the charade, James, this life. But for tonight, I'll settle for the Rolex Mr. Mallory is sporting and hopefully a nice chunk of change from his wallet, and whatever else I can slip away with after he's asleep. Mr. Mallory checks around the room before dipping his head down to mine. "I'd like you to accompany me to my hotel room." I nod my head in acceptance. Mission accomplished. James adjusts his tie as he leans over the computer, relaying what he's reading in the article he has pulled up. "Edward Cullen, heir to a small oil fortune, who seems to be really good at investments. Pretty much a recluse. He only comes around for a few parties and fundraisers a year. Looks like he's also an author but stays anonymous about his work. So you should definitely bring up that sort of thing. You know a lot about books, so that should be an easy sell." I roll my eyes. I know a lot about books? I blow out a deep, frustrated breath. I'd know a lot more about books if he'd let me go to college… like he promised. One more time. Just a few more months. He's been telling me that since I graduated from high school at the ripe old age of seventeen. And yet here I am, a year and a half later, still being his puppet. "Don't roll your eyes at me." His tone turns dark, and I know not to push him. Especially when we're discussing business . "What else do you know about him?" I ask, trying to sound interested. "Well, I'm leaving that up to you. I have a small party tonight downtown, where I'm scoping out a few prospects. I'm busy, so this is on you. Figure out what he does, what he loves, what his interests are. This fucker is worth millions, if not billions, so I expect you to bring home something substantial. Not like the last time you came home with two grand and some diamond cufflinks. Tickets for these events don't come cheap. You really need to learn to pull your weight around here." What the fuck? I nod and give him a fake-ass smile to get him to leave. He grabs his suit jacket off the back of the chair and points at me as he slams the door behind him. Last time I checked, I've brought in the majority of the money we've made over the last six months. Although I couldn't say how much exactly, because James takes what I bring him, and he never says how much everything is worth. I don't see anything from it, except for the fifty dollars a week he gives me to buy us groceries. He claims he's putting a portion of it into a college fund for me, but I've never seen a statement or any sort of proof. He lies to me all the time, so why wouldn't he lie about that? I wish there was a way out. I wish I could just pack up my few belongings and skip town, forget James, forget my worthless life… forget the secrets and lies and just start over somewhere. But with no means and no family for support, I'm seriously shit out of luck. I try to save back five bucks a week from the grocery money, but it's going to take me a year to even be able to afford a bus ticket, and then what? Where will I go? What will I do? Besides all of that, I'm more than certain James would hunt me down. He threatens me all the time, not blatantly but in a roundabout way, reminding me that he has enough evidence against me to put me away until I'm fifty. That thought alone makes me sick to my stomach, and I quickly rid my brain of the fantasies. Because that's all they are. With nothing else to do, I pull the laptop over to me and begin reading the article James had pulled up. Edward Cullen, youngest child of Carlisle and Esme Cullen. He was born in 1974. He attended Dartmouth from 1991 to 1994. It's unknown what he pursued after college, other than being involved in his grandfather's oil company, yet he's not listed as an officer of the company. The popular belief is that he lives on a large piece of land owned by his family for generations. Many speculate over who he is and what he does, but he remains an enigma to most. The only thing that is widely known about him is that he's active in philanthropic work, yet he remains anonymous in most of his contributions. Mr. Cullen has also penned several literary works, but most of those are done under a pen name that is unknown. A philanthropist? Shit. No way. There's no way I can swindle money from an old do-gooder. Most of the people we target are ruthless, nasty businessmen and women. A lot of them didn't even earn the money we steal, so it almost feels legal. Honestly, I've never given much thought to the legal side of things. I know what we do is against the law, but James sets it all up. All I do is go to fancy fundraisers and galas, bat my lashes, talk a good game, and get the old geezers to fall for me. Then, after they've had their way with me, I take what looks valuable, leave a note, and get the hell out of Dodge. The note I leave behind is James' form of an insurance policy. It's a sweet little sentiment telling them that they've been caught on camera, and if they were to call the cops or file a report regarding the missing items, there would be repercussions. Namely, they would be outed for their sexual escapades. The sexual part makes me feel dirty. I hate it. And even though James tells me to pull out all the stops, I don't have sex with them. I'll do whatever I have to to satisfy them, but not sex. For a few months, James used my age as his insurance policy. He would have me tell them in the note I leave behind. But when I turned 18, he had to get more creative. So now I'm forced to set up a teeny tiny camera in the room… whatever room that might be… hotel, motel, bedroom. If I can get them to trust me enough to take me home, that's where the big bucks are. Sometimes, I don't even have to steal much. A few of the old men are used to keeping women on the side. Those select few will leave money on the nightstand, but I still pocket a few valuables to keep James happy. The more I get in one night, the less frequently I have to do it. Initially, it was kind of exciting. Scary, but exciting. I've never condoned what James does, but he made me lofty promises. Promises to get me my own place, to enroll me in college… to take care of me. But none of those have been fulfilled. When my dad married his mom, I hated James. We knew each other from school, but he was a few years older than me. He was such a sleaze. I hated the way he looked at me, like I was a piece of meat. At least when our parents got married, a lot of that stopped. But there was one night when he'd had too much to drink after a football game, and he came into my room and tried to make me have sex with him. I screamed and kicked him in the balls, which scared him enough to send him running back to his room. We never spoke of it again. A few years ago, my dad got sent away for tax evasion and a few DUIs. I got stuck living with James and his mom. Vicki was a user when my dad met her. She got better for a while, but when my dad got sent away, she spiraled. James and I were left to fend for ourselves, which basically translated into me living alone. The only meals I got were the ones I ate at school. Sometimes James would give me five bucks, but it always felt like he held it over me, so I wouldn't take his money unless I had to. Vicki would come and go, occasionally bringing men home with her. The guys she hung with were questionable, to say the least. I hated it. It was hell, but I had nowhere else to go. When James moved out on his own and offered me a job and a place to live, it felt like I was finally going to get somewhere in life, but lately I've realized I traded one hell for another. I turn back to the screen and see what else I can find out about this Edward Cullen. Regardless of how wrong it feels, I know there's no way out of it. I still hate James. Unplugging the laptop, I carry it over to the decrepit couch and wrap myself up in my blanket. The pale light from