Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : Shoot the Puck Rating : M Summary : Up and coming goalie Edward Cullen was the very definition of control. Once he set his mind to something, nothing could sway him from his goal. Until that distraction became the one thing he couldn't attain. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella planned to come to Rockford on her own terms. A few years into her marriage she suspected that James had a wandering eye. But she stayed, because leaving then would have been admitting failure, and Bella Swan did not fail. A decade in, the effects of living with a man who'd spent the best years of his life ignoring concussion after concussion were painfully apparent. Bella didn't worry about failure anymore. In the last few years James stopped being just an asshole and became downright cruel, and she was done with it. But James wasn't going to let Bella be the one who decided when things were done. One morning when James left for practice, she'd hurriedly packed a small carry-on and set off. There was nothing more from that life she wanted to bring with her. She used her last twenty dollars on a cab to the train station. All she had left to do was purchase a ticket to Milwaukee. Once she arrived, Emmett would pick her up before his game. She suspected James had read her emails when her credit card was declined. Her suspicions were confirmed when she tried to withdraw money from the bank. She'd never had her own account, and James froze her out of the one they shared. An attempt to make a phone call revealed he'd disconnected her cell too. If James had cut off everything, he must have known it was the morning she planned on moving out. She needed to go home and get a hold of Emmett. He'd have a backup plan. It was a cold December morning when Bella walked from Chicago's Union Station to the Lincoln Park row home she shared with James. He waited for her in their bedroom. The argument was brutal. The fight was worse. He ripped the suitcase from her hands, and she dodged out of the way as he hurled it back at her. The clothes came off her back next. Her wrist snapped as she tumbled down the stairs. She should have known better than to brace herself against the impact. It wasn't the first time he'd backed her to the edge of the staircase while he screamed at her. She "fell" down the stairs a little too often. "You were nothing when I met you. You'll leave me as nothing." He laughed when she flinched at his kick. He stopped his foot before it made contact and let it hover over her stomach before he slowly lowered it. The sole of his shoe pressed into her, just enough to be uncomfortable, not enough to leave a mark. He dropped a pair of her sweat pants onto her chest, followed by a t-shirt. Both of them paint covered from the days he let her have a studio in the house. He stepped back and watched her struggle to get up. He laughed when she winced as she tried to dress. The pants cut into her uncomfortably. They were designed to be a baggy extra small. She wore a medium now. "Look at you. Such a fucking pig." She put her coat on one arm and pulled it over her other shoulder. The adrenaline was wearing off and a dull throb took its place. She made her way to the door. As her hand turned on the knob, James called her name. For a moment, she debated turning around. She was inches from freedom. Her name rang out once more, and she turned. James tossed a couple of bills on the floor. She was too far away to see what they were. "You were a lousy lay, but I guess I owe you something. You're still a whore after all." Bella could still hear his laughter as she closed the door behind her. She walked away from it all: the insults, the cheating, and lately, the pushing, the shoving, the slapping. She was free. It took fifteen years. (_STP_) Edward noticed Bella immediately. At first it seemed impossible that the mousy girl in Emmett's shadow could have been related to him. He was as brash as she was mute, confident as she was anxious. As the cast on her arm came off, she slowly came to life. She was still quiet, but she didn't take shit from anyone. She was at every practice, every game. She sat with Emmett on the bus. No one dared question their coach on that. The young guys dubbed her their team mom, and it was clear she was filling that role for many of them. Most of the team had lived with billets since they were teenagers. They were used to finding pseudo-moms wherever they played. Edward never could get behind that assessment of her. He'd been lucky enough to always have his mother close by. He didn't need another one. He credited his close relationship with his parents as one of the tenets of his success. Family. School. Hockey. In that order. Carlisle had always taught him to never let hockey get the best of him. To take what he could from the sport, but to never let it take from him. He applied the same hyper-focus that allowed him to be a star goalie to everything he did. He fast-tracked high school and finished a university degree before most of his hockey peers earned their grade 12 diploma. Once he set his mind to something, nothing could sway him from his goal. Until that distraction became the one thing he couldn't attain. At first, he noticed Bella because she was there. Wherever Emmett went, Bella was behind him. But the one day she wasn't, Edward went looking for her. He'd casually asked Emmett where his sister was. She'd never missed a practice. Emmett told him that she just started working at the little cafe Emmett's wife, Rose, owned. Edward hit the gym while the guys showered after practice. This wasn't unusual. The change to Edward's routine happened when he pulled into the restaurant. Most of the kids on the team went to Rose's for lunch. Edward ate most of his meals at home. His diet, like most of his life, was strictly regimented. If he was going to break into the NHL, he needed to be better than anyone else out there. As he walked in, most of the team were heading out. An exhausted looking Bella smiled at him from behind the counter. "What can I get for you, sunshine?" "Sunshine?" "I'm testing out my sassy-waitress personality. I'm thinking everyone should have a nickname." "You call us all sunshine?" He looked to the parking lot. He noticed Emmett paused half in the car, watching him. Edward nodded and turned back to Bella. "Nah, just you." Bella noticed his slight frown. "What's wrong? Don't you like it?" "I like it fine." "Well, look at that!" Bella pointed at Edward. Her tone conveyed a slight disbelief. "What?" Edward looked behind him, unsure of what could have surprised her. "You do smile!" (_STP_) Once Edward discovered Bella worked every afternoon in Rose's cafe, he made a point to arrive for a late lunch. Bella began to anticipate his order and have it ready for him. Edward found himself taking his time with his meal. Each day they talked a little longer, light conversations, but they became the highlight of Edward's day. One day he spent long enough there that the entire lunch crowd cleared out and it was just the two of them. He helped Bella clear the tables and noted she evaded his questions about life before her move to Rockford. He heard gossip when Emmett wasn't around. Bella was divorcing the head coach of the Chicago Blackhawks, and he heard enough to know it was nasty. Guys who played up a game or two and then came back down warned the others about James: He hated Emmett, and every guy that came up from Rockford was made to pay for whatever it was James thought Emmett had done to him. They suspected it really had something to do with the Barbie-blond that had replaced Bella the same week she'd moved in with her brother. Once they were finished he put on his coat. He decided to ask Bella out, but the words weren't coming. He was nervous. He liked her and respected her brother a great deal. He wasn't sure if he'd like the consequences of it not working out. He watched as Bella pulled out a laptop and settled in behind the counter. "So you just sit there and play games?" "I wish." Bella rolled her eyes. "I decided to finish my degree. I dropped out with one semester to go. I want to finish it online, but..." Bella trailed off as her frustrations overwhelmed her. "What's the problem?" "Education's changed a lot in the past fifteen or so years." "You should've graduated from high school fifteen years ago?" Edward looked at Bella wide-eyed. "I should've graduated from college fifteen years ago. Instead I met my biggest mistake and followed him around the continent." He wanted to ask if James was her big mistake, but he was stuck on something else. "You were supposed to graduate from college fifteen years ago? How old are you?" "I'm thirty-three." Bella eyed Edward with suspicion. "Why?" "I wouldn't have guessed that." Edward realized that there probably wasn't any point to hanging around the cafe anymore. His initial plans of asking Bella out were dashed with this news. But instead of saying goodbye, he found himself settling in beside her. "It's been five years for me, but maybe I can help." Bella turned to face him. "Five years since you graduated college or high school? How old are you ?" Suddenly Bella realized she probably should've looked up Edward Cullen's stats before she started entertaining some of the thoughts she'd been having of him late at night. She knew he was younger, but she'd assumed he was closer to thirty than twenty. "College." Bella breathed a sigh of relief. She was off the hook. "I'm twenty-two. I fast-tracked." Shit . And so their friendship progressed. Edward came by the cafe if he was in town. If he wasn't, they'd message each other. Now that Bella was working and taking classes, she didn't go with Emmett to the away games. What she kept from Edward was that she didn't feel frightened anymore. She was once terrified that James would show up and try to drag her home. Instead he moved a younger, Barbie-girl into the home Bella had left. He offered her fifty thousand to keep her mouth shut and sign the divorce papers. She wanted to send the money back, along with the signed papers, but Emmett convinced her to keep it. He told her she had a chance to go back in time and be twenty again. Only this time she'd finish her degree and not let a thirty-something, past his prime NHL defenseman charm her away from it. Within weeks of meeting James she'd dropped out and moved to Boston, then Philadelphia, followed quickly by Toronto, Tampa Bay, and finally Minnesota before he conceded defeat and retired. Five teams in two years had taken a chance on the once star player who could no longer keep up with the changing game. James wanted a fight, and teams were no longer willing to carry an enforcer when he couldn't produce anything other than a knock out. It would take another decade for the effects of so many shots to the head to make