Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : Moving On (How Bella Got Her Groove) Rating : M Summary : Bella Swan, newly divorced (again) finds that life has changed since she was younger. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Moving On (How Bella Got Her Groove) Here I am ... Forty fucking years old and divorced for the third fucking time. "What is wrong with me?" I cry out to no one in particular. "Why can't I stay married?" It wasn't as though I wanted to be married three times, and God knows I'm not looking for number four! How many times is it necessary to hit a brick wall before it finally soaks in that I am unworthy? Tears roll down my cheeks, and splash into the moving box filled with books that I just opened. I hate to move. Move equals a four letter word in my personal Urban Dirty Word Dictionary, right along with shit , fuck and cunt . My current self loathing session is interrupted by my cell phone ringing with my son's ringtone. If he figures out how depressed I've been feeling he would interrupt his life for me and I can't let him do that. I love him too much. I answer with my practiced, chipper and not a concern in the world, "Hello son of mine!" Who am I trying to fool? He knows me too well. "Yeah, sure you have no problems, Mom. I've heard that tone all my life! Be honest with me, like you're always telling me I should be with you. How're ya doing?" My son, Conner, graduated last spring from The University of Texas with a BS in Engineering and was embarking on his Master Degree in two weeks. It was his preparation for moving on with his life that had finally prompted me to leave Austin and move to Houston. He was beginning a new phase of his life and so should I. It wasn't as though he'd be coming "home" to live with his mother. I shudder. I don't want that anymore than he does. His plan is to join the Air Force and to go into the Academy immediately after he finishes his Masters. There was some specialized training that he could only get through the Military. I smile. My smart boy. "Darlin' I'm doin' as well as can be expected. Soon I'll be too busy to think about anything else. Houston is a rather daunting city, but at least it's not vertical like New York City or as rude as the people of Los Angeles can be. There had been so many others I considered. Besides I'm still in Texas. "Yeah Mom, that's so a plus." Conner's tone is one he uses when he's calling my bull shit. "No Conner, really. I start my new teaching job in two weeks and I'm seriously looking forward to it. Meeting new people, students and dealing with the traffic." I hesitate and allow the cynicism I'm feeling to finally creep into my own tone. "And learning how to avoid telling everyone that I've once again failed in a marriage." I feel the tears creeping into my voice. "Ok Mom, that settles it. I'm coming to Houston to help you get settled," Conner declares. "No, you're not! You have your own life to lead," Smiling I add, "Besides I don't have my washing machine and dryer yet so you'd still have to go to a laundromat. You might as well just stay there." He laughed, "That's my girl." I could hear the smile and quasi relief in his voice. "Change of subject. Have you heard from or seen grandpa and grandma?" Sighing, my father. My mother. Oh yeah. My parents are like oil and water. Charles and Renee Swan just married each other again for the fourth time. They fight constantly and I mean constantly, but they just can't stay away from each other. I don't know why they keep getting divorced and then remarried all the fucking time. I told them this last time they should just live together in sin. That remark was of course unappreciated. My parents are hard shelled Baptist. They do, however, love their errant daughter and are always trying to get me to "see the light and come back into the fold." Translation: come back to the church of my childhood. "Yes, Conner, I've seen both of your grandparents. They helped me move in." I answer sarcastically. I hear him snort. "Oh yeah, I can just see it now." He hesitates then continues. "Who was the least help?" My son always makes me feel better. "To be honest, they were both as worthless as tits on bacon," I laugh. "Your grandma kept opening boxes snooping to see what was inside, and your grandfather stopped every 15 minutes to open another beer. I feared for his safety after just the first hour. If there hadn't been professional movers here, I don't think I would have ever gotten anything in this house!" "So Mom, has Pretty Girl settled in any better?" Pretty Girl, my beautiful long haired Tabby cat made the move with less than a graceful attitude. She doesn't like the new house and I have to watch her to make sure she doesn't escape... again. The SPCA frowns on animal owners who don't keep track of their four legged children. Luckily, I'd had Pretty Girl chipped and was able to get her back on her first attempt to go back to the old house in Austin. Ungrateful little bitch! "Yes Conner, she seems to finally be settling in. Though she really didn't like my parents," I laugh at the memory. "She managed to hide in the master bath the entire time they were here. I wish I could have changed places with her." "What's that Conner?" I could hear muted voices in the background. "Just a minute Mom," Conner says and covers the phone so I can't hear much. The voices become louder. Come on Conner. Beer call down at Cheers ... "Just a minute you jackasses! Mom I gotta run. The guys are here and being insistent. Are you sure you don't need me to come to Houston?" "Yes Conner, I'm sure. Go! Have fun! Call me in a couple of days, okay?" "Okay Mom, will do," Then quietly, "You know I love you Mom. Right?" "Yes Darlin'! I know you love me. I'll talk to you in couple of days." I disconnect the call, then sit down to have the first really good cry in a long time. ~o0o~ The weeks that followed were filled with getting all of my new and old belongings set up in my small house. It was an old house, but well made and kept up through the years. It was far from cheap, but I felt comfortable there since it was in a good neighborhood with a first rate police department and very low crime rate. I had bought a four bedroom house so I could turn one room into a den, and another a library and of course the third would be a guest room. There was a good size family room where I set up my widescreen and dvd player along with my stereo system. I had a huge dvd collection as well as a large collection of books on cd. In that same room I also put my beloved beige leather Poor Boy recliner. I had a love affair with that chair. I couldn't count the nights I had fallen asleep in that chair with Pretty Girl asleep on my lap. My library was only 10x12 and I'd had bookshelves built in and almost every shelf was filled with books of all kinds. I had an eclectic taste in reading material. There was a small wooden table with a chair and a lamp in the center of the room, just in case. It was comfortable, but this would not be the room I'd spend the majority of my time in. That would be my den. The den was the second largest bedroom in the house, which was a little larger than the room I'd chosen as the library, with built in book shelves on one side built around the large double window facing the back yard. I had my desk sitting so I had my back to the yard. There was a small fireplace on one wall and I'd placed my favorite wing backed comfy chair and footstool in front of that fireplace. This was the room where I'd spend time grading papers and what ever other chores the school system came up with to torture the teaching staff was also where I planned to do my writing. My great American novel. Yeah right. The new washing machine and clothes dryer arrived the next day followed by my brand spanking new stove, dishwasher, and refrigerator along with the new table and chairs for the kitchen to complete my acquisitions for my new, old house. I was more than ready to have my house in order, so to speak and to start my first day as the newest English literature teacher for Belvedere Senior High School, which was the newest high school in the Houston area. We had contracts that would limit each of our classes to a maximum of 20 students and a minimum of 5 students each. This new school was a Charter School and the original students were drawn from a long list of those wishing to attend. The first full day of classes was unremarkable except for the exchange I had with one of the other female teachers in the break room at lunch. "Hello! You must be Bella Swan!" The woman was a tall buxom and beautiful blonde. Before I could raise my hand to shake hello she'd grasped it in both of hers. "I'm so happy to meet you! I understand that you too are single?" I managed to gasp out, "Pleased to meet you too...?" She hadn't given me her name yet. "Oh! How silly of me. I'm Rosalie Hale. I'm the art teacher. Would you like to sit together and have our lunches?" I smiled broadly, "I am pleased to meet you Rosalie Hale, and yes, I would love to." We chatted as we ate our sandwiches; about the school, other teachers and students. Just before our lunch period was up, Rose asked, "Do you like to dance?" I studied her face and realized she wasn't kidding. "As a matter of fact, I used to love to dance, but it's been years..." "Doesn't matter. It's like riding a bike. You never forget. Give me your phone number and we can set up a time for us to go dancing at some of the clubs around Houston. It'll be so much funnnn !" She squealed the last few words. Then Rosalie was gone. I walked back to my room and my next period class. That night, Rosalie Hale called and insisted that the coming Friday night would be perfect for our first of many girls night out. Lovely. Friday came rather quickly this week. There was so many things to learn and so much paperwork to get through. They hadn't warned me there'd be so much paperwork involved. ~o0o~ Friday morning arrived. Rosalie assaulted me with squeals and jumping up and down in the parking lot. I'd just managed to get my pickup parked when this sporty little red car of unknown make or model pulled in along side me. I'm shit when it comes to models and names of the newer cars. I stood in front of my truck and watched Rosalie Hale unfold from that little red car. Her legs were just about as long as my entire body I thought, longingly. I was five foot nutten and hated being so short. When grocery shopping it seemed