Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : Shelter from the Storm Rating : M Summary : Contest Entry for the May to December Romance Twific Contest Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Bella, ven aquí." I put down my spray bottle and walk over to Jorge, who's filling the garnish dishes in preparation for Happy Hour. "María just showed up, so you can go after finishing the countertops." My eyes widen. "What the hell? You know I had shit for tables today, Papí. I can't miss the Friday night crowd!" The husky gray-haired man shrugs indifferently. "Lo siento. Talk to Luisa." I sigh and return to wiping down the tabletops. It's going to be rough next week without the money I would've made in tips. Three bucks an hour doesn't go far. All I can do is hope Alice and Jasper got lucky on the streets today. After putting my apron in the hamper, I trudge to the storeroom to grab my duffle bag. María passes me along the way, tilting her head away, as if trying to reinforce the message that I'm beneath her notice. What-the-fuck-ever. I stopped caring what other people think a long time ago. I get out my shitty cell phone and call the first number on my very short contact list. "Hey Bella! How's it going?" Despite my mood, I smile at Alice's cheery voice. After all that girl's been through, it's amazing that she's still so damned pleasant. "Bitch cut me loose early. I'm leaving in a few minutes. Where are you?" "I had to hit the West side. Big Block was roaming the park this morning." Ah yes. Officer Thorton, one of the many cops who have no tolerance for people like me and her. He's always scowling, and Alice thinks he's got some extreme constipation going on. "You going over to Paul's now?" she asks. "Yeah, my feet are killing me. I was gonna buy some decent shoes this weekend, but that's out now. Whatever, fuck it all. You wanna come over and hang or get a shower or something? Paul won't be home until after eight." "Sure! Let me get my stuff together." "Okay, see ya soon." I end the call and glance down at the screen. Shit. Only 10 minutes of air time left. A phone card was another thing I was going to buy after working the busy Happy Hour shift. Looks like I'll be dipping into savings. I can suffer through piece-of-shit shoes that had never fit in the first place, but I've got to have my phone. It's my lifeline to Alice. I'm standing on the sidewalk, looking to my right at the beginning of a torturous twenty-minute walk. On my left, a few yards away, is a bus stop shelter, and it's calling to me. God, I'm dying to catch a ride, but there's no way to justify it, especially now. Raw skin will heal—those two bucks will be gone forever. I try not to think about the pain and go to the happy place in my head. There, I work a nice 9-to-5 job and live with Alice in a clean apartment. There's fresh food in the refrigerator, and I don't have to wear flip-flops in the shower. I'd love for the place to be free of bugs and mice, but that might be asking too much. Paul's apartment has the refrigerator and fungus-free shower, but that's it. Even though I feel like I'm always cleaning when I'm over, it's still a sty. There are leftover takeout containers and beer in the fridge—and not much else. As far as bugs and mice go…well, let's just say it's a good thing I'm not squeamish about stuff like that. I met Paul during my first evening shift at Papacito's, about six months ago. He hit on me all night and asked me out to coffee after work. I accepted, flattered by the cute guy's attention. One thing led to another, and I found myself waking up in his bed the next morning. He wasn't weird about it and said he'd call me. I was sure as hell surprised when I saw his number on my phone two days later. I'd been able to deflect most of the personal questions at first, but by the third date, it was time to decide whether to lay out the truth or lie like a dog. I hadn't been in a relationship since my world went to hell, and I was on the fence about fessing up. But I did it—I told him about my miserable situation. Surprisingly, he was great about it. At first. Recently, he's been taking a lot of cheap shots at me. It started out like he was complimenting me—saying my clothes couldn't possibly have looked so good on the person who'd originally bought them, and stuff like that. But he's gotten meaner about it, as though he's trying to make sure I remember he's better off than me. As if I could fucking forget it. By the time I've reached Paul's apartment, I realize that I've left Happy Place about ten blocks back. At least there's beer and a couch to look forward to. All-in-all, it's a good deal. With this pretty picture in my head, I ride the elevator to the third floor and unlock the door to Paul's apartment. It's not hard to guess what I discover. I mean, it's so cliché. Clueless person leaves work early and doesn't let his or her partner know… of course Clueless Person is going to walk inside to find Partner having wild sex on the couch…or, in my case, hear moans and headboard noises coming from the bedroom. What might be different for me is that I don't feel very hurt—I'm just trying to decide if I should get the fuck out of Dodge and hide out until the time I'd normally come by. I mean, I'm not going to stay with the asshole or anything, but I really don't want to deal with this right now. Not when I'd been looking forward to propping my feet up on the coffee table and watching some reality TV with a Coors Light in my hand. Mind made up, I start to tiptoe out of the apartment. And that's when my ass pumps out some Beyoncé. Oops. My hand flies to the back pocket of my khaki work skirt, but it's too damned late. The thumping sounds from the bedroom stop, and then I hear Paul's voice. "Shit—Bella? Is that you?" I don't bother replying to him and answer the phone instead. "Hey, Alice. Can you hang on for, like, ten minutes?" I say when I see the bedroom door opening. "I've gotta deal with an issue here, then I'll be down." "Rose found me." Her urgent words come out in a rush. "What? Fuck!" As I spin around toward the front door, Paul appears in the hallway, wearing just his boxers. I flick him off over my shoulder and run to the staircase, which is sure to be faster than the elevator. "Are you here now?" I pant into the phone, flying down the steps. "Two blocks away." Though her voice is a whisper, I can hear the anxiety in it. "Shit. Listen, just keep walking. Don't look at her, don't talk to her. And try to keep Jasper from biting her fucking head off, okay? I'm coming." Finally, my fingers touch the handle of the building's entrance door. "One sec…okay, I see you. Keep walking, you're doing great." I can't go very fast with the big-ass bag and shitty shoes, but my adrenaline's high. The thought of Rose, alone, would've amped me up, but add the Paul situation to the mix, and I'm a fucking H-bomb ready to blow. My eyes are narrowed and focused on the small group ahead. The sight of the two females side-by-side would probably be interesting if I was a stranger looking on. It's like a pairing of near opposites: short and tall, hollowed and curvy, pale white and bronzed, spiky black and flowing blond. They're different in other ways, too. Alice is sunshine and sweet goodness, Rose is the devil incarnate strutting around in slutty clothes. As usual, Jasper is right on Alice's heels, his lips pulled away from his teeth in a vicious snarl. That's normally all it takes for people to back off, but Rose isn't exactly normal. Though I'm still a half-block away, I call out a greeting. "Hey, bitch. How 'bout you get the fuck away before I send you back to Hell where you belong?" Rose flicks her eyes to me and smirks. As I near them, she lifts a finger to Alice's lips. A warning growl rumbles through Jasper's body as he crouches down to attack. "Jasper, no!" I yell out, grabbing the leash from Alice's wrist just as the German Shepherd springs. My forceful yank makes him miss his mark. He twists midair to land on his feet, dumping the contents of the cart he was pulling all over the sidewalk. Rose jumps backward and screams. "You bitches crazy? I'ma tell Emmett about this. He's gonna fuck you both up. He'll kill that dog, too! " I'm tugging on the leash with all my strength, but Jasper's still dragging me forward, barking and growling. "Yeah?" I yell over the racket. "I heard he was done with you after you got baited by the cops. He's not gonna do shit for you." Rose looks like she wants to lunge at me, but a glance at Jasper's snapping jaws keeps her from moving. She glares at me, then turns to Alice, who's trembling behind Jasper. "Come back with me, Ali." Her voice is now smooth and seductive. "I promise it'll work this time. Remember all the fun we had? That methadone shit they got you on ain't nowhere as good, is it?" I don't know if Alice wants to answer, but I'm not giving her a chance, regardless. "You got three seconds to get the fuck out of here before I let go of this leash," I say in a cold, deadly tone. She knows I'm not dicking around. Her eyes widen, and she turns on her heels to bolt away. Just as I'm about to bust out laughing at her terrified expression, Alice touches my elbow and gasps. I look over my shoulder to see a flashing blue light headed toward us. "Shit, you gotta run!" I cry out, reaching down and unbuckling Jasper's harness. "Try to make it home if you can. I'll get your stuff and stall the pigs. Go!" I slip the loop of Jasper's leash over Alice's wrist and give her a little shove. She's shaking violently now but takes off down a nearby alley. The cop car is getting closer. If I run, I'd probably get away, but there's no way I'd abandon Alice's wagon. It carries most of her belongings, and she trusts me to take care of her. That girl is the only thing in the world I give a damn about, and I would do anything for her. I've just finished scooping up the last of her things when the car pulls up beside me. As nonchalantly as possible, I grab Jasper's harness and begin to walk forward. "Hold up a second." I keep going, pretending not to know he's talking to me. "Hey! You with the wagon…I need to talk to you." Sighing, I stop and turn around. A young officer with a round baby face and thick body is approaching. He opens his mouth to speak but then bends over and picks up a tiny plastic baggy. When he stands up again, he's smirking. Fuck . "This yours?" he asks, holding up the bag of sand-colored powder. "No." "Yeah, right. If I look through your stuff, am I going to