Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title: The Naughty Librarian Rating: M Summary: Bella is a lonely, divorced librarian. Edward is a sexy medical student. Can this hot young student give Bella the sexual awakening she so badly needs? Disclaimer: I do not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Bella's POV I sat on my stool behind the heavy wooden desk, peering over the top of my cats-eye glasses. Most of the students in the library were studying, but one in particular caught my eye. He sat there in front of two open textbooks, one of which he was absorbed in reading. Every few minutes he would flip frantically through the pages of the other, apparently searching for information. His copper colored hair stood almost on end as he occasionally combed his hands through the messy locks. Even in the harsh fluorescent lighting there was an almost halo-like glow around his head from the sheen of his hair. A young woman came up to my desk, shaking me out of my trance. I smiled "May I help you?" I asked her. The girl explained that she was looking for a book for her literature class. I slid my glasses up and searched the library's inventory on the computer. "That would be in our poetry section. Please follow me." I stood and smoothed some non-existent wrinkles from my black pencil skirt. My heels clicked on the stone tiles of the library floor as I led the girl to a smaller room at the back of the library. Edward's POV I leaned back in my chair, rubbing my face with my hands. I would need some coffee if I was going to stay awake through this study session. Standing up, I stretched, noticing the librarian walking toward the opposite side of the room. I couldn't help but notice the way her skirt clung nicely to her well-toned rear. I'd had been in the library many times, but today was first time I had noticed this woman. She appeared to be in her mid-forties, with long brown hair, which she wore up in a messy bun. She was wearing a smooth, tight, black skirt and a snug fitting sweater. My mind wandered to the alluring appearance of her backside, when I noticed her walking back toward me. She had a pretty face which she hid behind a pair of black rimmed glasses. I moved toward the front desk and waited while the student in front of me checked out her books. I smiled at the librarian. "Hello, Ma'am. I am in the middle of studying for an exam, but I really need to go get a cup of coffee to help me concentrate. Would you mind if I left my books at the table where I am working? I'll be back in just a few minutes." I flashed a quick smile at the older woman, hoping she would understand. She took her glasses from her face and tucked them on top of her head. Returning my smile she answered, "I don't mind if you leave your books here, but we don't allow any eating or drinking in the library." I breathed deeply, ran my hands through my hair and smiled again, knowing most women found my bright flashy smile irresistible. "I realize that's the rule, but I have been studying for hours and I won't stay awake without caffeine. Couldn't you make an exception just this once? I promise I won't damage anything." Bella's POV I felt a small pang of guilt. I'd always believed that rules were made to be followed, but for some reason I felt I should ignore them this time. I leaned forward and whispered, "Just this once, I guess I could make an exception." The young man leaned closer to me and mouthed "Thank you" before walking down the stairs and out the door toward the coffee shop. The clock struck quarter to the hour as I climbed down from the step stool. I'd had been restocking books for the past hour and realized it was nearly nine p.m. Closing time. Descending the spiral staircase into what we called The Living room section of the library, I began shutting down the computers and turning off the lights. My assistant was busily dusting shelves with a feather duster. "You can leave the rest of the dusting for tomorrow, Jane." I told her. The white haired woman nodded and hung the duster up in the storage closet in the foyer. "There's still one student in the reference section," Jane informed me, as she put on her parka to leave for the night. I finished some filing on my desk before I went to tell the student it was time to leave. I walked into the room and saw the same young man I had spoken to earlier. I cleared my throat and he raised his head up from the book he was reading. "It's closing time." With books in his hand, he followed me toward the front desk. "I appreciate your cooperation earlier," he told me. "It's my pleasure. Helping students is my job," I told him, as I completed the check out before starting to put on my coat. "Would you like me to walk you to your car, Ma'am? It's dark and you never know if someone might be lurking in the shadows waiting for a woman alone at night." I chuckled at him. "Yes, I'll bet there are all kinds of college students just waiting to assault a middle-aged librarian on a Friday night," I joked. "You never know," he smiled mockingly. "That's very kind of you," I answered. I picked up my umbrella and keys and we exited the library. Rain poured down from the black sky as I locked the door. The young man reached for my umbrella. "May I?" He asked politely, before opening it to hold over my head. He followed me to the adjacent parking lot. "Here's my car." I told him, pushing the button on my keys to unlock the doors. "Thank you. You are a very considerate young man." "You're welcome." He replied with a warm smile. I was unpacking a magazine order the next day when I saw a familiar face smiling at me. He handed me a tall cup from the across the desk. "I wanted to thank you for yesterday." I reached and took the cup from his hand. Against my will, my face began to flush. "Thank you. But you didn't have to do that." "I know I didn't. I wanted to." He held up a second cup in his other hand and before I could open my mouth to respond he winked at me and took the same seat as the day before and proceeded to sip on his coffee, taking books out of his bag and began to study. Exasperated at his audacity, I walked over to his table. I sat beside him and frowned in his direction. "Could you please explain what you're doing?" I inquired. He stopped reading and looked up at me. "I wanted to say thank you for your patience with me yesterday." He gestured toward the cup of coffee in my hand. "Although I appreciate your thoughtfulness, I am not in the habit of taking bribes. What would the other students say if they thought they could do the same?" He glanced toward the others in the room. "I see no one else handing you a "bribe" as you call it. So why shouldn't I bring a gift to my favorite librarian?" he smirked. I opened my mouth in surprise. "How can I be your favorite librarian? You don't even know me…" "Please excuse my rudeness, ma'am. I am Edward Cullen." He put his hand out for me to shake. "And you are…?" Forgetting my initial irritation at his boldness, I answered lamely. "My name is Isabella Swan." "There! Now we know each other." He grinned back at me and I realized how appealing he was. I shook my head to rid my mind of his grin before I politely stood and walked away. I attempted to busy myself with work over the next hour but my thoughts kept returning to the attractive young man sitting not ten feet from my desk. Edward's POV I had an ulterior motive for bringing Isabella the coffee. Thankfully she fell for it because I had been awake most of the night studying and I would need all the help I could get if I was going to pass my exam later today. I realized that my behavior could be considered flirting. I pondered this for a minute and realized I was okay with that. What harm could come from flirting a little with an attractive woman? I mean, she wasn't old enough to be my mom or anything. She was curvy in all the right places and there was just something about her that intrigued me. I knew that many guys my age that actually had sex with women much older than they were. I tried to concentrate on reading the chapter in front of me, but at the same time I continued to admire the librarian. She was wearing a plaid skirt and a white blouse which showed just a hint of cleavage. It amused me that she was flustered by our interactions today. I knew, of course that I had the ability to distract girls my own age with my smile and charming good looks. But I had never experienced this before with an older woman. I could appreciate beauty in women of all ages, but I had never felt attracted to one…until now. I wondered if she was flustered because she was attracted to me also. Could that be why she walked away so quickly before? I decided to test my theory… I asked the librarian who was sitting at the counter for my new acquaintance, she told me that Isabella was working in the archives section. I thanked her and headed in the direction she pointed to. I saw Isabella sitting at a desk at the end of the aisle. I quietly walked up behind her and tapped her on the shoulder. She turned and when her eyes recognized me I saw a brief flash of impatience in her eyes. "Yes?" Her tone was abrupt. She was clearly annoyed with me. I turned on the charm and smiled at her. "I am looking for a book on surgical emergencies." She shook her head amusingly as if she didn't believe me and then stood up, leading me to the medical section. "I believe what you are looking for can be found on this shelf right here." Without another word, she turned around and headed back to her task. "Thank you Mrs. Swan," I called as she walked away. Halting, she cleared her throat and corrected me. "It's Miss Swan." I acknowledged her correction with a nod. Miss … Interesting. "Well, Miss Swan, you've been most helpful once again. By the way, I feel I owe you an apology for taking advantage of your generosity yesterday. "Would you let me make it up to you? How about I take you out for a coffee?" Bella's POV Was this overly handsome, younger man really asking me out? "No," I answered quickly with a shake of my head as I continued walking toward the archives. Unfortunately he followed me. "Why not? I don't bite." He raised his eyebrows in a seductive way. I decided to make my answer short and sweet. "I don't date students, Mr. Cullen." I turned around and continued labeling the microfiche I had been working on earlier, hoping he would go away. "First, please call me Edward." He glanced at his watch, "Now, I have an exam across campus in about an hour. I will be here at closing time to pick you up. I'm not going to take no