Contest entry for the May to December Romance Contest Title : Dragonfly Dreams Rating : M Summary : A stifling, sheltered existence. A decision. A daunting risk. A new life. An unspoken longing in the shy distance between a young woman and the exotic allure of a cultured older man. Testing the direction of the wind as she spreads her wings for the first time, she's eager to fly towards the sunlight. Isabella Swan is ready to bloom. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. . . . " Awake, O north wind; and come, thou south; blow upon my garden, that the spices thereof may flow out. Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits." The Song of Solomon, 4:16 (King James Bible) . . . Something was very, very wrong. Jasper Whitlock's nervousness and concern escalated when the unrelenting strand of disturbing emotions refused to be severed despite his best intentions to block them. His intensifying heartbeats reacted to the foreboding sensations his empathic gifts afforded him as a flood of overwhelming sadness assaulted his senses from the direction of the chapel doors, just off his view finder. As the Director of Photography on the number one family-centric reality television show in the history of the network that employed him, he was used to moments of disorientation … yet this felt very different. Personal. Surrounded by a thousand prayerful attendees gathered for the wedding of Irina Swan, the third child of twenty-five children and the pride and joy of Charlie and Renee Swan, the feelings of sadness were completely out of place, discombobulating Jasper's concentration even more. Unable to focus any longer, he waved his hand to garner the attention of his second in command, and stepped down from the camera riser so that he could relinquish his spot behind the lens. His intuition had never been so acutely aware of the corrugated, stifling emotions drifting around him. His empathy was usually his secret weapon while filming a show, enabling him to train the camera on the players most likely to exhibit memorable emotions or interactions for the TV audience – it was the curse of his talent that distressed him now, not the advantages he was accustomed to. The staticky sound of his assistant came through his earpiece, "Boss, switch over to the alt channel. You won't believe this. Daddy Dearest is giving Isabella a serious tongue lashing." The crew's opinion of Charlie and Renee Swan was a tenuous thing. They were obligated to film the family as impartially as possible, yet Isabella was the secret favorite of the bunch, the most genuine and relatable. Jasper did as he was instructed as he opened up the side door to the chapel, hiding behind a bush near the exit. Off in the distance, Jasper could see Charlie Swan towering over his daughter with his face turned from view. Isabella was slouched in deference on the bench in a secluded area of a garden near the parking lot, her shoulders sloped, her head bobbing in silent whimpers, as the feed from the alternate channel streamed into his earpiece. " … wondered what's happened to your self control. Your physical form is not in concordance with your spiritual one. Your sisters told me that at your monthly measurements, you were not proportionate, in accordance with what the Lord deems important. You've attended many of the Christian Charm classes with your sisters and you've been instructed on the importance of upholding your devotion to the Lord by being godly both in mind and body. You displease the Lord when you disobey my wishes for you to appear more attractive, especially with the world's attention on Irina's wedding." Jasper could sense the shame from the young woman as she cried silently, afraid to anger her father further. "Bloom where you are planted, Isabella. ' Your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit within you, whom you have from God. You are not your own, for you were bought with a price. So glorify God in your body ,' Isabella. You've studied the holy book of Corinthians enough to remember that important testimony from the Bible, that this is an explicit desire of Christ, and yet you continue to fail to bloom where you've been planted, within the temple God has blessedly given you. You're failing to honor the stature of Christ with your disobedience!" Jasper was familiar with the biblical passage Charlie was referring too. The theme of blooming where you were planted was a common one on the show. Charlie's voice rose with each syllable. Jasper was certain that he no longer needed a microphone to hear the screaming father clearly, despite the great distance. "You mustn't allow your vanity to assert itself over God's will, Isabella. You were nearly one hundred and sixty pounds as of your last weigh in. Since you are unable to show the character qualities we wish to represent the Lord with, and exhibit to the viewers, you shouldn't be surprised when you're excluded from the sweet fellowship the rest of the family enjoys together, in celebration of your sister's marriage. The camera adds additional weight too and you know this, so seeing you cry now surprises me. You knew you couldn't be seen on camera. The fact that you're so upset about the repercussions further shows your purpose is faltering and you've lost touch with reality of what it means to be devoted to your father in flesh as well as to your father above!" Isabella's voice cracked beneath the emotions flooding through her, "Papa, I never meant to disappoint you. I've always tried … " "That's the problem, Isabella! There's a difference between trying and doing! Luckily for you, your prospects in life have risen. Pastor Berty has taken a keen interest in you. You remember Mrs. Berty, she was also prone to that rounded filthiness of extra flesh, so it's something that Pastor Berty is willing to overlook in your case too. I've agreed to your marriage. It will be announced on Monday's taping … " Jasper felt faint from the despair flooding into the air around the young woman, who'd collapsed to her knees and was gripping her father's pant legs as if they would prevent her from drowning in her new reality. She wailed into his knees, "Please Papa, don't make me marry Mr. Berty! He's old enough to be my grandfather! Please … " "SILENCE! Do not show disobedience through your willful arrogance to know better than I do, Isabella. You're twenty-one years old. This will probably be your only marriage prospect, and it's part of my job as your father to secure the best possibilities for you. If you can't pull yourself together enough to sit in the rear choir loft of the church, away from the rest of the congregation, wait here until you are summoned. Keep out of sight of any of the cameras. Stop acting like a sow and get off the ground. I'm done with your hysterics!" Charlie pried his legs from her grasp and stormed back to the church. The ceremony was slated to begin within the hour, and with the reception to follow, Isabella felt relief that she'd have a few hours of solitude. It was a rarity with a family as large as hers. As she watched her angry father's determined stride through the front entrance of the church, she was struck by the fact that the squared archway resembled a guillotine, her subconscious realizing the threatening imagery of her happiness – her own will and choice of husband severed if she walked back into that church, too. The rejection of her participation roiled her gut to the point of extreme nausea. She fought to keep her breakfast within her stomach. Isabella Swan knew that despite her father's ill opinion regarding her obedience, she was the most hard-working and respectful of all of her siblings. Her sisters were prone to pass off their more unappealing chores onto her when they wanted to avoid them, and her brothers would do the same things with their own duties, when they could do so without detection. During the filming of family excursions, Isabella would always remain behind with the littlest or sick siblings, to make filming of the family more efficient. Fifty-eight loads of laundry a week. Waking up before dawn to begin breakfast. Minding after the little ones and helping home-school all of her siblings. Cleaning, arranging the color-coded jurisdiction charts, making sure the wardrobe was ironed and clothing mended when damaged. Shuttling sick children to the doctor when her parents were occupied with the book tours, interviews and the filming schedule … never once did Isabella complain. So to know that she'd disappointed her father this much gutted her, because she knew, in the deepest part of her, she'd always exhibited and maintained a godly servant's heart – a character that was obedient, thoughtful, selfless and kind. She slowly lifted herself from the ground, her long cotton skirt protecting her modesty as she maneuvered awkwardly to stand. Swiping the grass from her skirt, she tried to digest her father's criticisms, the pressure of her hands pushing the fabric against her shapely legs. Despite being the curviest of the Swan children, she still considered herself to be pretty enough. She wore her long brown hair down, as did all of the women in her family. Her arms and chest were always covered, as were her legs to the ankle. She never flaunted her body, but she never felt embarrassed about her shape either, despite what the weight charts and charm school teachers preached as perfection – a standard where 1950s beauty ideals still reigned. Isabella was too busy completing daily chores and devotionals to find herself obsessing about her weight and appearance. It was a fact that perplexed her most about her father's opinion – she was a daughter that was dedicated to her service to her parents and to Christ, her devotion keenly focused on her inner growth and beauty, not focused on the superficial, outer one. Yet here she stood, apart from the rest of her family, excluded from any participation in yet another happy event, about to be married to Pastor Berty, a sixty-nine year old widower and father with thirteen children of his own. She wiped the last of her tears from her cheeks and approached the bench near the bunches of fragrant, lavender foliage that bordered the garden area, the once-peaceful refuge that just served witness to the ugly truth of her future. Just as she lowered her gaze to the tall purple stems next to the bench, a dragonfly zoomed by. It was soon joined by another, translucent wings shimmering in the warm August sunlight, their movements awe inspiring in their poetic dexterity as they painted the landscape with gossamer-frail brilliance of colorful maneuvers. Isabella sat transfixed as she watched them correct their path in the breeze, uncompromised by the change in direction despite their course being slightly altered by the wind. Fluid and free, their dance was of happiness – something she wanted but was terrified to have. So engrossed in her new garden companions, she failed to hear the soft footsteps in the grass growing nearer. Jasper Whitlock's voice usually wore a southern-calm smoothness that was soothing to listen to. As he began to speak, she realized the biting resonance hovering on his consonants, setting her on edge. "Isabella, your father's mic was live. I … heard what just happened, what he … said." Jasper was a lead crew member on the show since she was twelve, and from very early on in her interactions with his colleagues, he remained the only one who was able to calm her despite the demanding filming schedule her family maintained. When she was excluded from fun family outings to other places, Jasper was the