A special thanks to my beta for this section, Jay! Something was different in the valley. The wind and trees whispered it to each other. The river called it to the stag standing at its bank. The stars sang it to those able to listen, and two elves stood quietly, watching the darkness thicken in the east. But there was nothing evil about this darkness; it was merely a herald of the coming night. For Elves who do not notice the normal passage of time, it seemed hardly the blink of an eye since the Ring was destroyed and light returned to the world. In reality, it had been several long years that were spent rebuilding Minas Tirith and driving the remaining orcs and goblins from the countryside. The two had gladly stayed in the White City and helped the man they loved as a brother rebuild his war torn country and restore the great city to its former glory. While a handful of years could not repair decades of war, the people of Gondor were remarkably strong in spirit, and the prosperity of peace was filtering through the cities and villages. Yes, Gondor was strong again, and Elessar would see that it remained so. Unfortunately, the same could not be said about the Elven realms. The three Rings had lost their power and with it, the bearers' desire to remain in Middle-earth. That was why the two brothers had returned to the valley. Their father, Lord Elrond Peredhil, keeper of Vilya, and master of the Last Homely House had finally taken his long journey over the sea. As much as they desired to stay in the wilds, hunting orcs and traveling with the Rangers, Imladris needed a lord and master. And that was what the valley did not understand. In nature, great change may only come in ten thousand years, but to suddenly lose their lord and a powerful Elven ring was more than some creatures wished to bear. The two elves would have to spend many more nights singing to the star-filled sky trying to quell the land's distress over the sudden absence. However, the valley did not specifically mourn for their father. It simply wanted things the way it had been for the nearly five thousand years Imladris hid in its ridges, but that could never be. Given time, the mountains and hillsides would stop their lament, but the elves knew the land would never completely return to its glory. Part of it was lost forever. The brothers would fight to preserve the memories that clung there, but in the end, they knew it would be a fruitless struggle. Only under their father's care could the trees grow magnificent, beautiful, and strong. With the melting of the winter snows and the spring rains, the Bruinen River would swell to dangerous levels and carve new paths through pristine tree groves. Like everything else, the Elven realm of Imladris would slowly fade until it would altogether vanish into the ridges of the Misty Mountains. This knowledge plagued the twin sons of Elrond. "But it will not fade tonight, nor vanish tomorrow. Not yet," Elladan said softly to his twin who stood beside him on the balcony overlooking the trees and river. Both their minds had strayed to the same topic, and even though it had been nearly seven months since their father left, the brothers could still spend an entire night lost in thought, staring at the stars and moonlight reflecting off the landscape. Elrohir did not take his eyes off the Bruinen flowing far below. "Perhaps not, but our valley is changing little by little before our eyes. Do you know what I found today? Do you remember the great tree half a mile north, the one we first taught Estel to climb?" He paused and looked to see if Elladan knew which one he spoke of. "Near the good hunting area? Yes, I remember it." Elrohir's reply was simple, "It is dying." Elladan frowned. That tree had been standing strong for many hundreds of years. During sudden rain showers, they had often taken shelter under its massive canopy, and for decades, it had been young Estel's favorite place to climb. If the tree were hollow, three elves could easily fit inside, and the last time Elladan had seen it, the branches had been full and firm, a steadfast anchor. However, he knew something as simple as a single lightening strike or gust of wind could destroy even the mightiest; it was the way of nature. "Trees die, Elrohir." "But not like this. Not here," he said, sorrow enveloping every word. "A disease has taken hold and is affecting the leaves in nearly two thirds of the branches. The very top is completely dead, and the rest of the leaves are in various stages of decay and illness. The ground is littered with them, and the sickness has spread to several surrounding trees." This was something completely new to the valley. While of course trees and wildlife died, they had never suffered from disease. It was a blessing the elves of Imladris had taken for granted and attributed to the power of Vilya. Sadly, now that was changing. How often would nature now force their hand? They had to protect the rest of the valley. "Then we have no choice. Tomorrow morning we will clear away the infected trees and burn them." "We should take a few others with us. They are large, and clearing everything away may be a bit much for us to complete by nightfall." Elladan nodded once before retreating back into the great house. He could not look out into the night anymore. Having lifted his voice to the darkness hours ago, he no longer found solace in the stars or the trees, not with the direction his thoughts were traveling. Now he wanted the comfort of a warm fire and perhaps one of his father's books, something to distract him. Elrohir knew his brother's mind and followed quietly. Although not every night, often one or the other would withdraw early from the glow of the stars and lock themselves away in a windowless room of their large house, either reading a book or studying one of their father's writings. Tonight, both of them would spend a few hours in the library. While the number of elves still living in the house was not as large as it was, a comfortable number remained and kept a sense of community. But Imladris was quiet at this time of night. Faint songs could be heard in the first few hours of the evening, but then no one stirred or left their rooms, perhaps out of respect for their new lords. The twins were grateful for this peace every night when they could almost escape from their burdens. The two brothers silently descended the large staircase and entered the once grand library. At one time, books filled the room and ladders were supplied to reach those in the high shelves. Now, those shelves were hardly occupied above eye level. Elrond had taken many of the precious volumes with him, and a good deal more had been scattered across Middle-earth. Gondor had received the most. Nearly everything on Númenór had been sent to the city's library, and because of King Elessar's love of herb lore and medicine, he had received several books on healing for his personal collection. A large number of elves now lived in the new realm of Ithilien, and Prince Legolas had been given several volumes to supply his people's needs. Samwise requested a few books as well, and the elves had been more than happy to send them. Visiting the Shire and seeing the hobbit's child-like laughter and happiness reminded them of Bilbo's frequent visits. Lately, many things revived memories in the two brothers. Some were painful, some joyous, but all held a degree of sadness. As they walked through the halls of their home, every door held a reminder of things that would never be the same. At one time, every room had been occupied, but now most were left empty. There was simply too much room for those who remained. But having the rooms closed did not stop the memories. Every day when they walked from their chambers to the dining hall, they passed Lord Glorfindel's private study where the twins studied early First Age history. After all, Glorfindel had lived and died during that time, protecting their ancestors Tuor, Idril, and Eärendil from the destruction of Gondolin - making him the perfect tutor. But he had followed his lord six weeks ago and taken many of his belongings with him. Now, his chambers stood bare. Even tonight going from the second floor to the downstairs library, the brothers passed Arwen's morning room where she would spend hours writing her letters. Even though she spent many recent years with her grandparents in Lothlórien, she would always return home, but their sister would not be coming back now. She had made her choice to live among Men, the choice of Lúthien, to be with her beloved. They could visit her in the White City, but she would not return to the Elven realm. Their Undómiel was lost. Along the back of the house, flowers still grew in their mother's garden, but they could not be tended as well as they should. There were simply too many other matters requiring her sons' attention. Even though she had sailed West over five hundred years ago, the pain of her passing still tormented the twins. They could not save her then, and they could not preserve what she left behind now. They knew she was neither dead nor gone forever, but what they held in their minds and hearts was not enough for their wanting souls. The twins wanted the bench where she sat and read to them; they wanted the clear stone path she used when walking through her flowers; they wanted to hear her laughter echo off the trees and drift into their rooms through open windows. They wanted everything that reminded them of her… including their father. How could they even begin to describe the loss they felt from his absence? For nearly three thousand years he had been the powerful presence in their lives. Even when they traveled with the Rangers and had been away for decades at a time, they could always return to the loving embrace of their father. He related to them in so many ways, and the twins saw their own lives' path often mirroring his. He had talked with them about how he handled the pain of his own twin's death, the honor and pride he felt fighting beside Gil-galad and Elendil in the Last Alliance, the anger and disappointment over failing to ensure the One Ring's destruction, and the joy of seeing the task finally completed. However, he also listened with a patience and understanding the twins had yet to find in another being, be it Elf or Man. No matter what kind of emotional turmoil raged in their souls, either from the pain of dealing with friends slain in battle or from their mother's capture and decision to sail West, he had always been there to listen and offer his wisdom. But now he was gone. Elves were not supposed to deal with this type of loss. It was Men who lost parents and friends to old age and sickness. It was their race that had to cope with never again seeing their loved ones and living with the daily reminders of their absence. They were the ones who found ways to survive the grief while Elves died from it or surrendered to the call of the sea to relieve their pain. Unfortunately, Elladan and Elrohir knew they would never feel the awesome and terrible pull of the sea. It was simply not in their blood. They were the sons of Elrond Peredhil, Half-elven, and