AN: So this is just a weird idea I had a while ago, and I wanted to try writing something short, so I went for it. Enjoy! I also don't own Harry Potter, even a little bit. " You're going to forget this." Harry found it wedged back behind the bookshelf as he was boxing up the last of Neville's herbology encyclopedias. He paused his task and held up the clear, marble-sized orb, grinning fondly as it caught the light. "Hey, Neville! I thought you'd lost this?" Neville looked up from the houseplants he was placing in crates and blinked in surprise at the found object. "Would you look at that! It's my old remembrall—I have no idea how it got here!" Harry tossed it up into the air once and caught it again, and then twisted it in his hand, inspecting it. "Strange to think that this little thing was responsible for starting my career as Gryffindor seeker." "Careful with that, mate!" Ron exclaimed, leaving behind his own task to come stare at the innocent little sphere. "That's a piece of history, that is! It led to Gryffindor winning the Quidditch cup!" He grinned. "Maybe we should donate it to the Harry Potter Museum." Harry blushed slightly. "The museum was just a desperate idea Rita Skeeter made up to flatter me into forgiving her. It's not really going to happen. I hope not, anyway." Hermione frowned at the pair of them. She, Ron, and Harry were helping Neville move from his bachelor flat in London to the lovely little cottage gifted to him and his new wife Hannah by the bride's parents. The couple had originally planned to make their move in the two week period after their honeymoon, before their rent agreements mandated they vacate their respective flats. However, while on their island vacation, Neville had stumbled upon some rare magical plant previously thought extinct, and extended their trip by almost a week and a half in order to collect specimens. Thus, when Hannah and Neville returned to Britain, they'd enlisted the help of their old friends to make the three day deadline. While Luna had joined Susan Bones to help pack up Hannah's tidy, well-organized flat, Hermione had taken it upon herself to go with Harry and Ron and move Neville's home, which was a mess of unshelved books, Hogwarts memorabilia, and piles of fan-mail from adoring witches across Britain, all caught in the tangle of vines and roots that permeated the veritable jungle of an apartment. Being magical houseplants, about half of them would have harmful effects if handled in the wrong way, and since they were dispersed at seemingly random intervals amongst Neville's non-living possessions, maneuvering around them was proving to be a challenge. Ron had already set off the mimbulus mimbletonia once , and still reeked of stinksap. It didn't help that every single time one of the boys found something related to their Hogwarts days, they would get sidetracked and start reminiscing, drastically slowing their progress. Hermione was getting frustrated by how slowly they were moving, and how she had to constantly remind them to stay on track. They were all adults now. Why she had to continue to berate them and keep them on task, just like in their school days, was beyond her! Harry and Ron were both successful Aurors, Neville had been offered the position of Herbology Professor next fall, and she herself was a rising star in the Department of Magical Creature Relations. Harry and Ron had both been married in the last two years, Harry to Ginny and Ron to Lavender; both couples were expecting their first child. Neville had, of course, just married Hannah Abbott. They all supposed to be responsible without her prompting! "Oh, stop messing around and give me that!" she snapped, walking over to Harry and snatching the Remembrall away. "We'll never finish if you can't stay focused!" She had started to turn away and slip the glassy orb into her pocket when Ron exclaimed and pointed, "Oy! Looks like you've forgotten something, 'Mione!" "Huh?" Hermione looked down at the sphere and was surprised to see the inside filling with crimson smoke. She furrowed her brow. "That's odd." She quickly did a mental run-through of all the things she had to do that day, and all the things she needed to have with her; everything was accounted for. She'd finished preparation for all her meetings this week, and the next birthday she had to remember was her mother's next month. She'd even paid all of her bills early for once! "I can't think of a single thing I've forgotten." Despite having stressed over all the little details in school, know-it-all Hermione Granger did not forget anything important enough for a Remembrall to pick up on. "That's the problem I always had," Neville said, smiling sympathetically. "What's the use of knowing you've forgotten something, if you can't remember what you forgot?" "No, that's not it!" Hermione said, shaking her head. "There's nothing I've forgotten! The Remembrall must be broken!" But as soon as she said it, she felt a nagging itch at the back of her mind, like there was something she was missing. Something important. Neville just shrugged. "Either way, you can throw it in the pile to give away. I don't have much use for it anymore; Hannah's a lot better at keeping track of me than the Remembrall is," he joked. Harry and Ron laughed. Hermione forced herself to smile, but she was still staring intently at the red smoke shifting inside of the little glass ball. The way the silver band joining the two pieces of glass together glinted in the light almost seemed to be taunting her, as if it knew something she didn't. The moment she tried to capture the elusive tendril of thought in the back of her head, however, it vanished. When she walked over to the box containing items Neville wished to donate, she held her hand out, ready to discard it and be done, but then stopped. Biting her lip, she glanced behind her; the boys had returned to packing and weren't watching. Quickly, before she could question the decision, Hermione pocketed it. Eventually, after a lengthy debate over keeping an album of Chocolate Frog Cards and a solemn remembrance of Trevor the toad when they'd found his old tank, they finished packing up Neville's belongings and stacked all the boxes neatly so that the movers could easily attach portkeys to them the next day. They were supposed to go as a group and meet with the other girls at the Leaky Cauldron so that Neville and Hannah could thank them all with a meal, but Hermione fibbed and said she had too much work to catch up on after her most recent work trip to the Centaur colony. She knew herself well enough to admit that she wasn't going to be able to have fun with her friends with the weight of the activated Remembrall in her pocket. After bidding them farewell, she returned to her own flat, changed into comfortable clothes, and fed Crookshanks before retrieving the Remembrall for closer inspection. When she first took it out, it was clear, but at her touch it quickly filled up with the bright red smoke again. What the hell was she forgetting? She turned it around in her palm for a few minutes, unable to stop staring intently at its swirling, bright red contents, trying to figure out what it meant . Her mind wandered in frustrating circles, before she scowled and set it on her desk. There she sat and pulled out a notebook and pen. As the crimson cloud in the orb slowly dissipated once more, she proceeded to make a list of all her activities, social engagements, and work responsibilities, but still came up with nothing. She even started randomly trying to quiz herself on old material from her school days, but even that she had no problem recalling. Her mind was a veritable steel trap. And yet , every time she was about to just declare the stupid thing dysfunctional and be done with it, she would be overcome once again with the distinct feeling that she was missing something. It was an itch she couldn't scratch, a word on the tip of her tongue. Frankly it was driving her mad, and the longer she sat there unable to resolve the feeling, the worse it got. Eventually she was so overcome with frustration that she growled loudly and crumpled up her neatly bulleted lists before destroying them with an overzealous incendio. She grabbed the offending glass orb and shoved it out of sight into her desk drawer, and then left it behind to prepare herself dinner. But even out of sight, the cloudy Remembrall haunted her mind for the rest of the night. When she went to bed, her sleep was pitiful, filled with distant, ephemeral echoes that taunted her through the night, her dreams shining with the right red smoke of the Remembrall... " A nightmare, you say? I can make that happen." The next day was Monday. As was her habit, Hermione rose earlier than she needed to so that she could be the first one to the office. She liked to arrive before her colleagues and have a few moments in the quiet office to herself, to regather peace of mind before a busy work day. She got herself ready quickly and then headed out the door. As she stood on her threshold, about to close the door and lock up, her gaze briefly paused on her desk. Perhaps if she had it with her, she would be more likely to jog her memory and solve the mystery? No, she told herself, what would people think of a grown woman, a war heroine and a prestigious ministry employee, carrying around a faulty gimmick item in her robe pocket as she went about her day? It would be embarrassing! Besides, the stupid thing was probably broken anyway. Faulty. Worthless. There was no way an enchanted piece of glass could know something about herself and her life that she didn't. She closed her door and inserted her key, ready to turn the lock. And then that horrible nagging feeling in the back of her mind started up again. Was there something? Could she be wrong? She wanted to say no, most definitely not, but… she couldn't. Something compelled her to open her door, cross the room, and pull open the drawer of her desk. The Remembrall was just where she had left it last night, nestled amongst some rubber bands and paper clips. The morning sun streaming in through her window caught in the crystal clear glass, and it flickered, almost seeming to wink at her. Hermione scowled. She should donate it like Neville said. Or toss it in the trash. Or even smash it, break it down into a hundred tiny, harmless shards that would just stop . Instead, she she used the sleeve of her robe to pick it up, preventing it from clouding up, and then slipped it into her pocket, before hastily closing the desk drawer and heading back out of her flat, trying to pretend she wasn't bringing something as silly as an old Remembrall to work. Once out of her building, she apparated herself to the secluded alleyway next to the Ministry entrance. After flushing herself and entering the atrium, she made her way over to the elevator. While she waited for it to arrive, she was joined by a familiar face. The young blond man sidled up to her, smirking obnoxiously while giving her an appreciative once over with his leery eyes. "Hello, Granger." She hardly glanced at him before turning back and staring resolutely at the closed elevator doors. "Good morning, Smith," she responded, keep her tone as neutral as possible. Zachariah Smith sneered at her. "That's Unspeakable Smith to you, is