May 2nd, 1998 Hermione Granger was having a rather eventful day. First she'd raided Gringotts, then she'd flown on a the back of an actual dragon, and now she was participating in the all-out battle that Hogwarts had descended into. She and Ron had ended up separated from Harry in all of the chaos. On Ron's suggestion, the two of them were heading towards the Chamber of Secrets to destroy the Horcrux in Hufflepuff's Cup. They made it to the second-floor corridor girl's bathroom with only one Death Eater encounter, sustaining mild scrapes and bruises. Luckily Ron was able to get the Chamber entrance to open by mimicking the Parseltongue he had heard Harry use to open the locket after only a few tries. The two of them grinned at each other, and Ron awkwardly proffered his arm towards the hole in the wall. "Erm, ladies first?" Hermione rolled her eyes at his attempt at chivalry, before stepping forward into the slimy pipe. Then their good luck ran out; the door to the bathroom burst open with a loud bang. The pair of Gryffindors turned and saw a burly Death Eater facing them with his wand drawn. Ron didn't hesitate; he shoved Hufflepuff's Cup into Hermione's hands, and not to gently pushed her into the pipe. She lost her balance and would have slid down the incline if she hadn't grabbed onto a protruding brick at the last second. Twisting around, she saw that Ron and the Death Eater had begun a fierce duel. She could tell that her best friend was outmatched; she quickly began pulling herself forwards, trying to go help him. But then, a strange hissing echoed through the pipe and the entrance started to rumble closed. She desperately scrambled up and lunged forwards, just in time to watch Ron be struck in the chest with an unknown curse as the last bricks slid closed. "Ronald Weasley, you had better be alive!" She screamed at the brick wall. "You're going to pay for this!" Shaking with fear and anger, adrenaline coursing through her veins, she frantically searched for the lever that Harry had mentioned as his exit last time. She found it—a switch with a silver snake engraved in it— but when she pulled, it didn't work. She kept tugging, but nothing happened. Finally, she resorted to hissing at it, trying to mimic the sounds Ron had made earlier, but to no avail. After about ten minutes of trying to get the door open, she sighed and turned away. She retrieved Hufflepuff's Cup from where she'd dropped it, shivering a bit as she once again felt the harsh press of Voldemort's soul piece brush against her magic. She carefully sat on her bum and allowed herself to slide down the expanse of the slimy metal pipe. When the pipe leveled out and turned into a stone corridor, she shakily stood up and made her way through the cold and damp passageway. Every footstep echoed loud enough to make her cringe; in the distance, she seemed to hear the steady dripping of water. She suddenly remembered that there was another door that required parseltongue to open, and she was momentarily struck with panic at the thought of being stuck in this tunnel until she starved, no one knowing her whereabouts, never learning the outcome of the battle…. But to her great surprise, when she reached the next door it was already open. Perhaps it had been left open from when Harry was down here in Second Year? She closed her eyes and tentatively stepped through it, reassuring herself that the basilisk was good and dead, that there was nothing in there that could harm her. As soon as she was through the doorway, the hissing of parseltongue echoed loudly through the large, hollow Chamber, and the doors behind her slid closed. Hermione peeled her eyes open and looked around wildly. She let out a sharp gasp when she saw that she was not alone. A strange woman stood in the middle of the Chamber, watching Hermione with a strange smile on her face. Her hands were clasped in front of her body, and she was holding a long black wand loosely in one of them. She was slim, with very pale skin, dark curly hair, and brown eyes. Her pretty features didn't look any older than Hermione's, but something about her eyes held a certain amount of gravity. And more than that, she seemed to emanate an aura of… power. When she spoke, her voice was melodious. "Good evening, Hermione." In a flash, Hermione's wand was raised, pointing at this woman threateningly. For some reason, the strange witch seemed to find this amusing, as her lips turned up into a small smile. "Who are you?" Hermione demanded. She wanted to appear strong, but her wand was shaking in her hand "How did you get down here? Are you a Death Eater?" The woman suddenly laughed, a light tinkling of bells. "Oh goodness, no! Do I look like one of those fools? Faulty world-view aside, I can hardly imagine myself parading around in that ridiculous mask!" "No," Hermione admitted. In her mind flashed a quick comparison with the most prominent female Death Eater, Bellatrix Lestrange. With her wild hair, manic eyes, and lunatic laugh, Bellatrix couldn't be further from this calm, collected woman standing before her. "I guess you seem much more… put together than they are. But then, are you with the Order?" The woman grinned. Hermione almost would have called it a smirk, as if there were some joke that Hermione wasn't in on. "The Order of the Phoenix, you mean? Then I have to say, yes, I am a member of that group, for whatever it's worth." Hermione sighed in relief; this woman was an ally. But then she frowned; was she really going to believe the word of this stranger without any proof? What if she were trying to get Hermione to relax and let her guard down, for some reason? And she still hadn't explained what she was even doing in the Chamber of Secrets. "Are you really? I haven't seen you around headquarters, and no one's ever mentioned… Well, what is your name?" The woman laughed again. "They call me Electra." "I've never heard of any Order member by that name." Hermione said darkly, suspiciously. She narrowed her eyes and asked, "If you're a member, you should be able to tell me where our Headquarters are." Electra winked at her. "Ah, but that secret was compromised by you and your little lion friends, was it not? Perhaps you should ask a different question." Hermione had had enough; clearly this woman was up to something, and Hermione wasn't going to take it. She couldn't take any risks right now. She cast a silent petrificus totalus before the woman could react. As the bright blue jet of magic burst towards the strange woman, Electra tilted her head and watched the curse's approach with a look of mild curiosity on her face. A split second before the curse would have struck her, Electra twitched her wand and it disappeared in a burst of silver light. All Hermione could do was gape. How powerful was this witch if she could just… dissipate a curse like that? She'd barely moved her wand! And if this witch really was an Order member, why had she not been fighting before, with as powerful as she apparently was? Rather than looking angry that Hermione had attempted to curse her, Electra looked amused. Perhaps a little pleased. "A fine curse, Hermione! I daresay that could have hurt me, if it had hit! And your caution will serve you very well in what's to come. But in the future, or well, your future, I might suggest more… discreet methods of allaying your fears. Battlefield reactions just won't do where we're going." Hermione blinked at her, aghast. "What do you mean? There's a battle going on right now!" That brought Hermione's mind back to what was going on upstairs. Ron . And Harry . She had to destroy the damn Horcrux and then go find out what was happening to her friends! "I've got to get back there!" She said urgently. "If you're really an Order member, then help me destroy this cup and then get out of here! They need us!" "Hermione, Dear, I promise that I will explain everything in due time." For some reason, Electra stopped to snicker here, before continuing, "But for now, we really must get out of here; this Chamber won't be safe for long. He'll come down here to look at the skeleton of his basilisk, and that's an encounter I would much rather avoid." Hermione's eyes widened and she took half a step backwards. Nothing "Go a way ? But—I can't go! I need to destroy this Horcrux, and then I need to get back upstairs! I need to help my friends!" "Of course you do," Electra said, her voice growing more impatient. "And I wish to help with that! Just—come over here! I promise , everything will make sense!" Hermione then noticed that the strange witch was standing in the center of a circle of runes carved into the Chamber floor. She squinted, trying to make out what was written. It had been a while since she'd done any Ancient Runes work, seeing as she'd had to skip out on her this year of Hogwarts, but she was still very surprised when she realized that she didn't recognize over half of the runes written. The ones she did recognize were just the generic spell-stabilizing ones. "What are you doing? What are those runes?" She asked suspiciously. She took a small step back, her wand still held out before her, her hand still trembling a bit. " Merlin, Hermione, I'm not going to hurt you!" Electra exclaimed, her voice exasperated. "Look, I didn't want it to come to this, but we're running out of time, so you've left me no choice!" The other with raised her own wand and pointed it at Hermione. For a moment, nothing happened, and Hermione frowned. But then, she was suddenly overcome with a soft, warm feeling. Step into the circle, Hermione a voice whispered in her head. Hermione's feet obeyed almost without her consent… That's it …. Obedience was so pleasing, she was so warm…. Just a bit further …. She was at the edge of the runic circle…. "No!" Hermione blinked as she realized that Electra had put her under the Imperius curse… Nonverbally ? "You are definitely not an Order member!" She accused the other witch, moving to step away. Electra's hand shot out and grabbed Hermione's wrist. Her grip wasn't rough, but it was firm. Hermione tried to twist out of it, but the slight woman was surprisingly strong. She tugged Hermione so that she was fully standing in the runic circle, which started to glow, emitting a silvery light. "We certainly can't bring this with us," Electra said lightly as she wrenched Hufflepuff's Cup from Hermione's grasp and tossed it out of the circle, into the pool at the base of the statue. "And you'll need this as well." Electra produced what appeared to be a necklace with three small pearls hanging on a golden chain. With one hand, she twirled it around Hermione's throat, and when she let go, it remained on, as if she'd cast a Permanent-Sticking Charm. Hermione hadn't ceased her struggling. "What are you doing? What do you want with me?" Electra ignored her, smoothing one hand over the necklace and nodding in satisfaction. "There, that should hold. Alright, Dear, we're ready to go! I'd recommend closing your eyes now. This next part can get a little overwhelming." Before Hermione could do anything else, Electra closed her eyes, and the silver light burst out of the runes on the floor, filling the air around them in a dazzling, hazy cloud, and engulfing