Disclaimer :I own none of this. I am very depressed about it, but I will try to move on. Summary : Legolas dies at the Black Gate. AU. Several people remember things he has done, both sweet and brave. Basically a collection of ficlets that wouldn't leave me alone. I am so, so very sorry to all who were forced to read this before the third chapter was posted. I just went through it again on my new, very handy spell checker and discovered more mistakes that I had originally thought. Again, I apologize. Chapter One: Elven Wrath Part I Six. Six days. He felt it in his heart, in his soul. It would be the end, for him to return no more. It would be his turn to fade, as countless numbers had before him. To depart these forsaken lands for the world of Light and the Absence of Darkness. To follow his fore- fathers to where he once believed impossible in his long-ago childhood days. In just six days. It had been plaguing him, haunting his dreams, changing the way he saw the world. It would be the end, for him to return no more. Never to do anything momentous. Ever again. It wasn't as though this was a new feeling. He had been feeling this shadow since...when had he first felt it? It felt like years, centuries ago that he had found out. But in reality it was only a few months. Ever since this fool's quest had begun. But now...this very day...it was different. It was an exact time, an exact date. So obvious that he could not believe no one else noticed. So subtle he did not know how he had come to realize it himself. Six days. He stared out of the window into the setting sun. It would have been a stunning sight, full of life and colour, but the shadow that plagued the land obscured the magnificence of it. He could barely feel the stars, the cover of darkness was so thick. He looked down into the gardens below. They were full of dark plants, dark flowers. Dark everything. His friends had thought that they were being considerate, giving him the room with the best view of the plants and trees in the palace gardens. But it was more of a saddening experience, for the plants craved the light, and the trees called out their mourning to him, lamenting the loss of their greatest friend, the Sun, the Creator, the Life-Giver. He turned away from the window and walked to the center of the room, dulling Arda's song with the thick white walls of the Keep. He stared around the room, memorizing the patterns on the walls. Green leaves. How ironic. The walls were white, bordered with the leaves. The ceiling was stunning, an intricate pattern of trees and flowers that would look out of place anywhere else, yet fit here perfectly. It reminded him of a scene from Imladris, the view from the balconies of the eastern side of the Ford. The bed was high, with cream-coloured sheets and a wooden headboard, styled in the ways of man. Such a pity that he'd only slept in it for one night. He would die. It broke through his thought like a stroke of lightning. How foolish of him, to only now realize what he had been thinking of for the last few hours. He braced himself for an onslaught of fear, anger, and other terrible emotions. But nothing came. No shock. No fear. No, no fear was present at the thought of disappearing. Just...an odd curiosity. A morbid feeling that was merely questioning, heedless of the fact he would die. A wanting to know i why /i , why he had to be the one to fall, and not one of the others. Battles and skirmishes are not normally choosy about who dies and who lives. Why him? Why now, and not in Pelennor Fields, or Moria? What purpose could there be in dying in a distraction? And why did he feel, as certain as he felt it would come in six days, that Aragorn would somehow bring about his end? It was a haunting thought. One of his greatest friends, his killer. i But /i , he reminded himself, i it cannot be intentional. Aragorn would not do that. /i Or would he? Was the man truly his friend? They had known each other for most of Aragorn's life, and yet here he would kill him. Maybe he was not so true a friend. Maybe he had been used all these years, only to become needless now and be destroyed. Maybe he did not fit in with the King's future plans, and must be disposed of... He felt his cheeks heat up, mortified by shame. How could he suspect such things? Aragorn had been with him through good, evil and everything in between. He dishonored him by thinking such things. No matter the cause, however, he would still have to deal with the effect as soon as possible. He wished for no sorrow, no mourning. Sadness is a great foe, and he was sure that they would cry for him as he would for any one of them. That he could not live with, or die with, as it were. Gimli, at least would understand why he did what he did, after a time and with the proper preparations. The Dwarf was a warrior to the end, and would know why he would not stay back from a battle. A least, he hoped he would. Perhaps he over-estimated Gimli. He would not stay behind from Mordor, from the battle that would decide the fate of Middle-Earth. No matter where he was, he would still fall, whether in a battle or a cart accident. In battle he could give himself a name in history, a reason to be remembered in the songs of time. To fall by any other means would be a deed unworthy of the heir of Thranduil. He would fall for his country, his people, his world. It seemed petty, to crave remembrance in a time of such shadow, but he did so without shame. He refocused in the task at hand: saying farewell without anyone catching on. As he looked around his room, a gift from the king-to-be, he noticed a finely crafted desk along the wall opposite the bed. White and gilded gold, it was. An exquisite, expensive piece of work. Elvish by the looks of the patterns on it. No self-respecting Dwarf could make such realistic leaves and stars as those. He walked over and pulled out the chair. As he sat down, he saw for the fist time the parchment and quill on top of the desk. Aragorn had clearly meant for him to write his father, to assure him that his son was alive and well. The woodland king would get his message, but it would be different than intended. He dipped the quill into an inkpot, and his hand was poised over the page, ready to write. What should I say? His mind froze. How do you say goodbye for eternity? How do you simply leave everyone and everything you love with nothing but a few words in a letter? Sure, he and his father might, might meet again in the Undying Lands, unless the stubborn Elf refused to acknowledge the sea-longing and became mortal, which was unlikely. But his friends--would he see them in Mando's Halls? Would they, the mortals who saved the world, be allowed access? He now fiercely did not want to die. He wanted to live, to see the Hobbits get married, to visit the Shire, and even tour the Glittering caves with the rock-loving dwarf. He did not want to disappear! His musings had taken so long that a big, back blob of ink had fallen on to the pristine whiteness of the parchment and the rest of the ink had dried in the quill. He crumpled the piece into a ball in his fist, and tossed it into a wastebasket and trimmed the end off the quill with his pocket knife. He again stared at the new parchment, which had been beneath the old one. This time, he waited until he knew what to say before he dipped the tip of the quill into the ink pot. 'Dear Father,' No, no! That was not right at all. He could at least give his father an Elvish address in his final words from his son! He tossed out this page as well. 'Dear Ada' Better. Much less formal. 'Dear Ada, I am so sorry. It may come as a shock, but I am sorry. I never meant to die. I know when I will fall, that cannot be helped, but I do not know where or how. That I can control, and will try to make my passing worthy of your notice. I will fall with my friends, facing the shadow with the light of Men and Hobbits. Should you ever meet any of my comrades, I wish for you to treat them with the same respect and friendship you would give an Elf. Even the Dwarf, who has become one of my dearest friends. I call him Elvellon, he has become so important to me. I hope to meet you again in Valinor, but even if I do not, you have my love for now and always, Legolas Thranduilion.'. He read over the completed work and nodded with satisfaction. That would suffice for his father, but his fellowship would be far more difficult. He pulled out a new parchment, this time not thinking of what to say, simply knowing. As he wrote, he smiled grimly. It was a queer feeling, saying goodbye to people who do not know you are leaving. They all flashed in his mind, friends speaking to him of secrets, of personal matters, and just fooling around. Pippin, tripping over a rock and pulling Merry down with him. Aragorn playing the part of a royal Ranger to perfection, then slipping into a carefree mood while throwing mud at a cursing Gimli, who seemed like a stiff-necked dwarf, until he threw that first mud glob at Aragorn's back and pointed at Legolas when the Ranger looked back questioningly. He finished, carefully reading and rereading his letters. As he was sprinkling sand on them and folding them into addressed envelopes, there was a loud knock at the door. Legolas' head jerked up and his body went stiff, thinking it was a servant or other bothersome busybody who wanted to see the strange, beautiful elf-thing that the King had brought home with him. He had already had to send away a maid who had brought with her an artist from the city, a horse -boy, and a bodyguard of the late Steward. When he heard two familiar voices outside the door, he relaxed. "Legolas! Are you coming?" "If you keep us waiting, Elf..." "I am rather more worried that getting a certain dwarf onto a horse being the delay," Legolas called back as he pushed open his door and went out to meet Aragorn and Gimli. The march to Mordor took six days. It was now definite; he would die at the Battle of Cirith Gorgor. The sixth morning dawned brighter and clearer than the passed days. The closer to Mordor the army went, the brighter it got in the mornings and the darker it became in the afternoon. It was strange to wake up to the sun, only to have it covered as if it had never been a few hours later. The strain of living without light was beginning to show on the plants and trees they had passed on the road to Mordor, though only Legolas could here their pleas for light after midday when the sky went dark, everyone noticed their plight. The trees were limp, leaves hanging near the ground, and all