A/N: Hi all! This is an AU, where Katniss died after getting shot by the man in District 2, and the rebellion fell soon after. This story will navigate through my OC's, Belle, experience in the Hunger Games. This is my first non one-shot, so I'm hoping you will bare with me as I attempt to navigate the challenge of writing. Some of the chapter titles will be taken from songs. So, please, enjoy your read and let me know what you think. Also, I have created a tumblr account where I will post quotes, pictures, etc. The url is lorinda-writes-fanfiction dot tumblr dot com. You have to remove the spaces and place a period where it says dot. Disclaimer: I don't own Skyfall by Adele or Skyfall by whoever owns the James Bond movie franchise. I also don't own The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins. I do, however, own whatever you don't recognize, such as OC's. I have rated this T (because it sure isn't K) due to language but in later chapters, the warning may go up to M. I'll warn you before such an occurence. Also, this is unbeta'd. If you would be interesting in betaing for me, please shoot me a message THROUGH THE TUMBLR. Thank you, and enjoy reading! I wake up to chirping birds, sunlight filtering through the white, slightly moth eaten curtains, and my nephew Chime laughing. The first thought in my head is that today is much too nice a day for what will transpire. The Reaping- where two children from every district in Panem will be sent to their deaths. My second thought is that I hate them all; The Capitol, District 13, even the Mockingjay. She just had to go and get herself shot in District two, didn't she? And Peeta Mellark may as well have been shot as well, because everytime he appears on TV the look on his face just screams broken broken broken . Districts 1, 3 and 8 were the first to rebel. 12 and 11 soon hopped on board, at least until 12 was burnt to a crisp. And once Katniss Everdeen died, the rebellion was killed in under a month; just in time to put our city square back together for the 76th reaping. In the end, it was just as President Snow said; underneath all the fire and flames, Katniss Everdeen was just a girl who couldn't even save herself. Things slowly started to return to a state of semi-normal. Wages were cut, hours extended, quotas raised. And the champions of change were hung- my mother, my uncle, my oldest sister when she tried to revive it a year later, when Chime was a year old. Conveniently afterward, most of the children of the rebels were reaped. Despite District 1's status as a career district, the only tribute we've had return was a 15 year old boy from the 76th games. District 2 has won two out of the three past games since Sage, with a kid from 10 taking us all by surprise last year. It's been discussed in recess yards and factory break rooms that the Gamemakers are taking special care to torture those from District 1- pockets of acid geysers, 77th. Razor rain, 78th, body invading fungi, 79th. The lord only knows what sick surprises they have in store for us this year. I know it's messed up to hope we have a fighter this year, but I do. The Capitol has tried to make us quit training our tributes, but so many of our parents, teachers and victors have spears, swords, maces, bow and arrows in their basements that they soon gave up. I'm sure this doesn't help our tributes in the eyes of the Gamemakers, still defying the Capitol, but everyone in this district was used to living in luxury and people aren't adjusting to near starvation very well. It is Chime's second peal of laughter that gets me out of bed. His mom, Bloom, used to laugh in that same all out way before the Capitol cut off her air supply. I plod down the stairs to see my twin, Bea, signing to Chime and making silly faces at Dad's back. It makes me smile, glad she's coming back to her old self. I sit down, ignoring the creak of the old wooden chair and sign good morning to Bea. She lost her voice and hearing in her right ear when the Capitol bombed the factory she worked in. Bea was only a hundred feet away when a palm-sized piece of shrapnel hit her throat; the doctors say if she had been any closer it would have almost cut her head clean off. Even the idea causes my heart to clench. "Morning, dear." Dad leaves the stove and puts our breakfast down, sliding into the chair opposite of me on our round table. I just stare at the oatmeal, only giving a small thought that sugar would make this so much better. But we can't afford sugar now. We can only afford the basics, and barely even that. I know that in actuality I should eat- unwise to let food waste- but I can just glare in contempt at the offending oats. After finally eating a few bites, I take Chime to get cleaned up, having showered last night and knowing Bea showered early this morning. The house I grew up in used to have four bathrooms, and gave me my own room. But after the failure that was the second rebellion, we simply couldn't afford the house payments and ended up moving into Mom & Dad's assigned home. It used to be only the poorest of the poor that lived in the generic, white clapboard houses that filled the Brooks, which is something of a joke since the little streams that criss-cross the neighborhood are filled with factory waste. Now I call this toxic place neighborhood, just as I call the three bedroom, one bath house home. Most of our neighbors are newly married couples, as this is where most newlyweds live until they can afford a down payment. However, over the past four years, the sound of children playing and old people calling for quiet have slowly invaded the neighborhood. I knock on the bathroom door to let Chime know that I'm coming in with his reaping outfit. I open the door to the sight of him almost drowning, attempting to rinse his blonde hair with one arm and a cup. This happened last time, and the time before that, and the time before that. Chime is as independent as Bloom was. "Need some help before you drown yourself, little minnow?" He glares at the yellowed tile that surrounds the bath and growls out a "yes". Poor baby. He'll be happy as a dragonfly once he gets that cast off his arm. That should teach him to get into fights with other, bigger boys. Once he's as washed as he's like to get in this bath tub (note to self: vinegar scrub bathroom at next possible opportunity) I help him into his khaki pants and sky blue shirts, a color I love on him because it brings out his same colored eyes. As I button the last button he mumbles a sentence that breaks my heart into pieces tinier than I thought possible. "Are you going to have to leave me like my mommy did?" I am so astounded I have to sit back on my heels and stare incredulously at his face that betrays pain he shouldn't know. How sick is it that we live in a world where even a child knows that this day means death and destruction? How sick is it that he is so afraid of losing the only mother figure he knows to the people that took the one he didn't? The shock wears off and I have to bite my tongue and think angry thoughts so I don't cry. If I start crying now, I'll never stop. But what could I possibly say that would make this okay? That since this is mine and Bea's last year in the reaping, it's the Capitol's last chance to punish us and they won't let one of us go unscathed because his grandmother, my mother, was one of the heads of the rebellion in their beloved district? And it sure as hell won't be Bea in that arena, she's too fragile. I have dreamt variations of this nightmare since Sage Hazelwell won. In the end I can only take his hand, heartbreakingly small, in mine and give a small amount of reassurance. "Chime, no matter what happens tonight, I know that you know I love you. Even if I don't come back I will always be right in here. I love you like you're my son." I poke the area over his heart for extra effect and he giggles, pain from his eyes gone. I'm glad this tragic moment is over because there is a hot ball of something like pain and fear lodged in my throat, and I release him to Bea without a thought, knowing they'll be playing with that damn block set he loves so much and that she loves to indulge him in. Sitting on the twin bed in the room Bea and I share lays a little yellow sundress, with navy blue flowers and matching sandals. Bea was wearing a matching one, but on hers the flowers are green as are the sandals. I put it on, grateful for the drawstring that bunches up around the middle because I've lost a lot of weight since I wore this for last year's reaping. It's almost indecently baggy in the chest area (where I've also lost a lot of weight) and I consider stuffing one of my old bras with socks. I contemplate fighting the blonde curls that both grace and terrorize my head, but then Dad yells that it's time to go so my decision is made. I give a shrug in the mirror and run to the stairs, but have to run back to my room to grab my dragonfly necklace. It's mostly wood, but inset in each of the four wing areas are four gems- diamond, sapphire, topaz, opal. Dad had necklaces made for all of us right before the rebellion; a swan for mom, a butterfly for Bloom, a dragonfly for me and a bee for, well, Bea. Each gem represented one of his girls, he told us. Diamond for mom, sapphire for Bloom, topaz for me and opal for Bea. And when Chime was born, my dad had another gem added in each, mine in the tale- a lovely little green piece of peridot. And after Bea and I pestering him, he finally added on a ruby to represent himself. Once my necklace is secured, I rush to join my family in the foyer. I can see Dad starting to worry about us being late. On our way to the Reaping, we talk of matters but everything at hand. We talk about how Dad has once again been passed over for a promotion, how Bea's design was chosen for a new salad plate pattern at the Chinaware factory, how Chime's class is learning about the Dark Days. And then we're at the city square, where the Capitol carries out its yearly injustice and hung those that dared try to escape them. Where I witnessed my mom, uncle and sister hung at the ripe age of 13. Bea and I hold hands as we stand in line. As I get my identity confirmed via finger pricking, I imagine shoving the spear that is in my basement in the Peacekeeper's gut. He has that District 2 look about him, and his sneer is the most annoying thing I've dealt with all day. It takes all my control not to run for my crossbow when the same Peacekeeper grab's Bea's wrist a little too hard. "I