Oh, shitty fucking shit! I stop in my tracks, halfway up the stairs to my new school. I can't believe my first day of school starts out like this. I literally just started my period, and no tampons. Fuck. What a nice way to introduce myself! Hi! I'm Isabella. I'm the new girl; would you happen to have a tampon? Oh, I can see it now. Damn, fuck, shitty shit. Fuck it; I'm going the toilet paper route. Hopefully I can find a bathroom before the blood finds the outside of my pants. I keep walking up the stairs, breathless at the top. I need to exercise; I can't be out of breath everyday walking into class. I can already see it. Person: Oh, do you exercise in the morning? Me: No, I'm just out of shape. Person: What did you do that left you breathless? Me: Walking up the stairs made me tired. Fuck it. I'm so stupid, that whole conversation was stupid. Hopefully it doesn't happen. I finally reach the front doors, which thankfully, are propped open. I am not trying to be like the new girl in the movies, opening up the big ass doors, scared by all the students dashing around. Being the new girl is movie like enough for me. Add in the whole, fat new girl thing, damn they should start filming now. The bell rings right as I step inside and I see a few students hurrying across the halls and into the doors. Fuck. I'm going to be so late. Ugh. That means I have to walk in the classroom all fat and new and out of breath and more worried about what the crotch of my pants look like than what people think of me waddling around all day. My best bet would to just go to the office and make them pity me. Perfect for me, the office is right at the front of the school, and there's a giant ass sign that says OFFICE. All they need to do is make it light up and it would be totally movie worthy. I walk in all calm like, and then throw myself at the front of the giant desk thing that goes across the big room. I stare at the woman who's sitting at her own personal desk in the back and wait for her to notice me. It's not as if it's very hard, I'm taller than most people are. "Hi, how may I help you?" She stands and walks over all slow like, as if the bell didn't ring a minute ago and I'm obviously late for school. "I'm new." I blurt out. Fuck me. "I mean, yea, um, I'm new and the location of the bathroom would be lovely, and maybe a late pass or something, I don't know…" I motion all around as if I'm some dumbass. "Well, what this school's late procedure is...?" I clasp my hands together and give her my best sweet smile. "Oh, and maybe would you have a tampon, or a few...?" I stop myself from grimacing. "Well actually, I'm going to have to give you detention, and no, we do not house tampons, but we do have maxi-pads, and you can have one. The bathroom has a sign above it, so it shouldn't be very hard to find. You can go to the gym, which is across the hall, and ask the gym teacher to get you the maxi-pad. Hopefully he won't be too busy. What is your name, to put you on the detention list?" She doesn't even smile. Fuck this school and fuck me. "Oh um, I'm Isabella...uh Isabella…" Fuck, I forgot my last name. "Swan!" I do a tiny fist pump for remembering and then I remember why I'm giving her my name. "Great, don't be late again." She turns and returns to her desk. I walk or rather; waddle across the room and out the door. I can feel the wetness between my legs and I pray to the Teletubbies that I haven't bled through yet. Maybe if I just touched my crotch to make sure…No, someone might see me. But if I already bled through, they'd see that too. I reach behind me and stick my hand between my legs. I press lightly and don't feel anything; I rub a little harder and don't feel anything, so I remove my hand. Someone coughs and my heart nearly jumps out of my chest. Fuck me, fuck me, and fuck me. I play it cool. I turn around and the cutest guy ever stands there. Oh god, fuck, I forgot my lines to the most cliché movie of all times. "Fuck!" I making myself look even more stupid by the delayed response. Oh god, please don't be the movie where I'm stupid enough to think he actually likes me, but he only dates me as a prank, and in the end my heart is broken and I do something stupid and end up pregnant or on drugs. Well, that's a bit pessimistic but what the fuck, let's be pessimistic. He laughs at me. I don't blame him; I'd laugh to if I walked up on some fat girl I've never seen before touching her crotch in the middle of the hallway at school. I almost laugh at myself. "Don't fucking laugh at me. I'm on my period and I don't have a tampon. Mrs. Asshole in the office gave me detention for being late and told me to ask Mr. Gym Teacher for a maxi-pad. Do you know what a maxi-pad is?" I don't give him time to answer. "I don't either. And, you want to know what else is funny? This whole moving in with the mom I've never seen before last week, trying and failing to understand why she hates me. Also being the new girl, wait no, the new FAT girl, who walks into class twenty minutes late, with whatever the fuck a maxi-pad is between my legs, looking like I pissed myself and blood came out instead of piss." I can barely breathe by the end and literally start to pant. Maybe I should have just said nothing. Oh shit, I'm living in a movie! Oh, fuck me. "Ugh. Fuck me!" My eyes widen in horror. "No! That's not what I meant! Oh god, even if I were being serious, it'd be in a few days anyways. Why am I still talking? No, shit. Fuck me. Fuck it. Fuck everything!" I use my hands and arms entirely too much. I do not need to wave my arms around like a crazy person just to talk. "I'm Emmett, and I like you." Well…I guess he likes awkward fat girls. I almost laugh. "You said you were new? Where do you come from?" He puts his arm around my shoulder and walks me down the hall. It's not until then until I really notice what he looks like. Dark curly hair, light grey almost white eyes, beautifully plush lips…oh fuck. I'm in a movie. When does this ever happen? Oh, shit! Thanksgiving needs to be like right now. So I can thank the Teletubbies for this. "Isabella. Sacramento, you take out the ramen and there you go Sacto!" I sing and do a little shuffle. Fuck, I already miss my friends. Fucking bitch of a motherfucking jackass I'm supposed to call Mom. I sigh, damn it, Isabella, focus. We stop in front of a locker and he unlocks it with his free arm. "Here are a few tampons and some pants. You look about the same size as my sister. Can you fit a twenty?" Oh, my fucking Teletubbies, okay Isabella, must not have a fucking dumbass look on my face. I manage a careful frown. "I'm a thirty-four." I state, I carefully keep that small frown locked into place. I keep myself from like dancing away to the beat of silence. "Are you sure you can't fit them? It might be a little tight but it's better than walking around with a bloody crotch…I could help you if you want…" I can already see about a million things wrong with what he just said. For one I'm so surprised when shit like this happens, as if it's a fucking movie. What is up with that Isabella? Stop being so obsessed with the idea of this being a movie! "I guess." Fuck, I'm so nervous. I've never been naked in front of a boy, let alone a cute one! Why am I doing this? Isabella, think, don't be a slut. No. That won't make me a slut. It's not as if I'm doing stuff with him, for one I'm on my period, and that would be disgusting, and for two I'm not a slut. You're such a dumb-ass Isabella! You can't possible fit a size twenty! That's like…that's like thinking that horrible time you went to an amusement park and you broke the ride and you thought you were going to die, but you held on tight and screamed your ass off. That was like one of those things you see on the news. It was scary. Where was I going with that? Oh right, it's like thinking you will ever go on a ride ever again, it's lucky your fat ass was stuck in the seat and couldn't fall out anyways. "You okay in there?" He asks. Fuckity fuck fuck. My vision focuses and I realize I've been staring at the inside of his sister's locker for the past minute. Wait a second; is that a box of condoms? It is! I can't help but reach inside and grab them… Fuck me. The box slips from my hand and they spill all over the floor, sliding across the hall. Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, no, shit, fuck me. He lets me go and quickly tries to pick them all up. I just stand here like a dumbass and stare, mouth fallen open. Shit, I'm like that stupid bitch in scary movies that just stands there while a fucking deformed monster comes running at her with a chainsaw impossibly big. "Help me!" He whisper yells. I drop to my knees and grab as many as possible, shoving them in the pockets of my jeans, front and back, all four of them. Fuck, now I can't get up. "Help me up?" I say. He walks over and grabs my hands. Damn, he has some rough hands. Instead of me standing up and us walking into the bathroom and putting his sister's pants on me, I fall on top of him. There's a loud thud, followed by a teacher walking out of her classroom. "Ugh! Fuck me!" I grumble yell, and then I notice the teacher, I notice some condoms fell out of my pockets, and whatever this boy's name is, is under me. I need to stop saying fuck me in crises. "Oh my fucking Teletubbies fuck, shit NO! No! Teacher Lady, this doesn't look like, I mean, it looks like what you're thinking it looks like, but I fell, and a woman of my size doesn't get up from the ground very easily! Could you please help me up? I can roll over off of him, but standing up is the problem." Fuck it, Isabella you suck. I wish I can just close my eyes and then open them again and be back home. Oh fuck, just thinking about it… all the fun times in math class with my friends, just thinking about it makes me want to cry. Fucking Isabella stop being stupid. I roll over, and the cute boy stands up. "I'm sorry Mrs. Miller, I was trying to help her up, but I'm not very strong." Wait a hot second, did a man just admit to not being strong? Great, he's not overly confident, and admits his flaws, how cute. Shit, no, stop over-thinking everything Isabella. "That's okay, we