The jolly chime of the doorbell cut through Lily's medicine-induced fog, rousing her. Even after the last echoes died away, she made no move from her nest on the sofa. She was closest to the door, sure, but she was also closest to death. Exempt by default—let the healthy people handle it. Except no one came, and the doorbell rang again. Lily winced. She'd never before fully appreciated the horror that was her parents' novelty chime. "Lily," another horror—her sister—called from the back of the house, "get off your arse and answer that!" "I'm sick, " Lily croaked. Or tried to, instead breaking off into a violent cough. When the door rang again, Lily wished death upon her tormenter. "I'm baking!" (More like barking.) The doorbell rang again —what kind of savage? "Lily, bloody get that!" "I'm ill!" "If you were that ill, you'd be in bed rather than infecting us all." Lily propped up on her elbows, the better to yell. "I'm sick on Christmas, and you're worried about germs?" Christmas Eve, technically speaking, but wasn't it close enough? "Girls, that's enough." Lily's mum, having just emerged from the washroom, silenced their fight. "Petunia, mind the biscuits. Lily, stop harassing your throat. I'll get the door—likely it's only Mrs. Baker wanting help with her dustbins again." After her mum patted Lily's head, she stepped to the front door. And when she opened the door, both a blast of cold air and a deafening roar assaulted the sitting room. It wasn't Mrs. Baker at all, but a group of Christmas singers. Lily threw her blanket over her head, cursing the damned do-gooders. But that wasn't fair, was it? They were only the old lot from St. Agnes's. (More loud than usual, but maybe they'd had too much spiked cocoa to keep warm.) She would've joined them, had she been feeling better. It's just, Christmas was her favorite holiday, and— Wait. Did someone just sing Hippogriffs? Lily reluctantly uncovered her head to listen. Sure enough, she distinguished Sirius Black's booming voice over all the rest, then Mary's cheerful one. She even heard James Potter's—loud and commanding and hopelessly off-key. Well, then, that explained the savagery. Was this a mad delusion? One too many decongestants? She exerted her last bit of energy to peek over the back of the sofa. From this angle, she could just see the front door, and though her mother's silhouette blocked most of it, she saw Peter and Mary singing cheerfully. Not a delusion, then. Just the whole crew come to wish her a Merry bloody Christmas. With a smile (even though her cheeks hurt from puffiness), she collapsed again and listened to the song. The lyrics, bastardized things Remus and Sirius had invented second year, were catchy, and Lily knew them by heart. She would've hummed along, but her throat still burned from yelling at her sister. Her mates really were shit singers, weren't they? Fuck all if she didn't adore them to pieces. "Merry Christmas," the group chorused at the close of their song. Mary added, "Hi, Mrs. Evans." Lily's mum clapped appreciatively. "Well done, all of you. Mary—good to see you again. And you too, Aggie, Teresa. And thank you to the rest of you for the song." Petunia—from her perch in the doorway, where she'd come to watch—clucked her tongue. Mrs. Evans ignored her. "I take it you're all the school friends?" her mum asked. Lily heard various answers of affirmation, then Mary asked, "Is Lily here?" "She is, but I'm afraid she's feeling a bit under the weather." "That explains why she didn't answer my owl, then." Lily conscience prickled. Or was that another headache? She loved her mates, but she felt worse than under the weather, she felt bloody awful. Instead of wishing them a wonderful evening, however, her mother bid her mates inside for a nip of hot cocoa. Lily and Petunia's whispered protests went unheeded—maybe as punishment for their bickering? "I insist," she said, opening the door wide. "You're all frozen solid. We have fresh-baked biscuits, too." Fresh-baked biscuits proved too enticing to pass up; with a great tramping of snow off boots, Lily's mates filed around the couch and into the small sitting room, hanging their coats on the coat stand, which threatened to topple with the weight, and then taking whatever seat—or spot on the floor—was available. Mary, Lily's best friend, moved Lily's legs to take a seat on the sofa. After brief introductions to the boys, her mother bustled into the kitchen to start preparing cocoa. As they all stared expectantly at Lily, it occurred to her that she wasn't wearing a bra. Hell, she wasn't wearing proper trousers. And her legs hadn't been shaved since she left school, and her hair hadn't seen the clean side of a shower in nearly that long. Her blanket wasn't big enough to properly cover both, so she curled into a ball and covered herself. Mary poked her. "We know that's you, Lil." Lily grunted. Petunia stepped forward and plucked the blanket clean off the couch. "Don't be rude, Lily. Your friends are here to see you." Lily glared at her. Yes, Petunia had been forced to wait on Lily hand and foot for days, and yes, Lily had completely abused it, but this was a low blow. Mary, who despised Petunia, lunched over the back of the couch for it; Petunia stepped out of reach. "Petunia, dear," Mrs. Evans beckoned, "stop torturing your sister and help me, or go to your room." Petunia tossed the blanket into the dirty laundry before heading to her room. "So that's your sister?" Peter asked, as the bedroom door slammed shut. Lily nodded. "She's a peach, Evans," Sirius said, giving her a wink. "A real star." Lily returned Sirius's grin—he understood what it was like to have a shit sibling. Aggie, bless her, grabbed a coat from the tree and lay it over Lily. Although she was grateful, she lay there, miserable, facing her friends, who watched her with various expressions of sympathy. Bloody hell. "Someone's got to say it, Evans," Sirius said, "and I'll volunteer. You look like shit." "What he means, Lily, darling," Aggie said, giving a sympathetic smile, "is that you look unwell." "Mhm," Lily said. Unwell was an understatement, wasn't it? "Only a bit," Mary said. "How bad?" Lily asked. "Eight out of ten." "Ten being okay?" Mary patted her foot. "Ten being shit , love." "I feel ten out of ten like shit, Mare." Her voice was embarrassingly groggy—she hadn't properly used it in days, except to boss Petunia around. But she was too tired even to care that she looked like shit. "I'd give you a hug, darling," Teresa said, "but I don't want to catch whatever it is you have." "Rudolph disease," Sirius said, "that's what she's got." When everyone looked at him, confused and expectant, and a tiny bit apprehensive to hear whatever it was that meant, he explained, "the blotchy nose. Get it?" James took a swipe at Sirius. Sirius, of course, reciprocated, throwing in a kick for good measure. The boys tumbled into the already cramped center of the room, wrestling. Because what could possibly go wrong with that ? "Boys, be civilized!" Mary ordered, bringing them to heel. The boys straightened up. James, with his ridiculous, lopsided antlers headband, and equally crooked glasses, looked at Lily. He had the good sense to appear sheepish, even if he didn't mean it. Lily returned his grin. "Sirius has something to say to you, Evans." When Sirius didn't speak, James punched him lightly in the arm, and they engaged in some sort of nonverbal argument. Sirius lost. With a tortured sigh, he said, "Evans, darling, you look lovely tonight. Positively radiant." Lily grinned again. "That hurt?" "Very much." "It's okay." This satisfied James, and the boys returned to their places on the floor. Peter became the victim of his own curiosity then, opening one of the many medicine bottles that littered the side table and giving it a little taste. "Merlin, what is that rubbish?" Mary eyed the label. "That's cough medicine, Peter." "And this?" he asked, lifting another. "Also cough medicine." "And this one?" "A decongestant. And my mum makes me take that—it's just as awful." He rattled a little bottle of pills. "And this one?" "Looks like an antibiotic of some sort." Aggie—who wanted to be a healer, and whose parents were Muggle doctors, motioned for the bottle. Peter tossed it over. She read the label and frowned. "Lily Evans, these are for your father." "Yeah?" "They expired two years ago!" Lily shrugged. Aggie gaped at Lily. "Christ, Lil, are you taking all of these medicines at once?" "Mhm." They didn't help at all, but she kept trying different combinations to see if she could get more than three hours of sleep. Hadn't happened yet. "I'm keeping these," Aggie said, and she shoved the bottle into her jeans pocket. Teresa, sensing a fight brewing, redirected the conversation: "Lil, what's wrong with you, exactly?" Lily lay back on her pillow. "Death." "Strep throat?" Peter asked. " Death ." "Sinus infection?" Teresa guessed. "Death." "Bronchitis?" Aggie asked. "DEATH." "Oh," Mary said, "I remember this one. You have a cold. A cold, right?" Lily nodded. "Just a cold?" James asked. "Why don't you take Pepper Up then?" She angled her head to make proper eye contact. He'd been watching her since his arrival, something she'd pretended not to notice, but he hadn't yet spoken to her directly. Brewing a Pepper Up had occurred to her more than once. And it'd be nice, but she didn't turn seventeen until January. Once upon a time, she would've thought he meant it rudely, but here, he didn't mean to be insensitive, did he? It probably never even occurred to him that she wouldn't have proper access to magic outside school. She shook her head. "No magic." James ducked his head and scratched the back of his neck. "Shit, sorry, Evans. Forgot." "S'okay." And then something occurred to her. "How did you lot even get here?" Surely they weren't reckless enough to side-along with Sirius, the only one without a trace. "Knight Bus," Peter said. "Remus threw up twice." Which explained both his putrid shade of green, and his silence. He and Lily exchanged sympathetic smiles—good to know she wasn't the only one feeling like shit. "And why are you all here , in Cokeworth?" James piped up. "To serenade you, of course. And to wish you a happy Christmas." "Happy bloody Christmas, mate," she said with a laugh. Her laugh turned into another coughing fit. When she recovered, Mary said, "Why don't you stop trying to talk, Lil. Or laugh. Or move. Or do anything but lie there pathetically, and we'll regale you with our harrowing adventure so far tonight, yeah? The boys can tell it properly." The boys obliged, launching into a thrilling tale that was hilarious, and complete bullshit, but entertaining nevertheless. Lily sank back into the couch, trying and failing to ignore the way James Potter kept flickering to her. James Potter, here in her living room. She wouldn't have believed it four months ago, and now it seemed—not natural, exactly, but not unnatural, either. She didn't fancy him, but they'd become something like mates over the last term. (Mates who had almost snogged at the last victory party, but you know, whatever. She'd almost snogged lots of her friends.) That he was here, watching her look like death, and not minding that she looked like death…that shouldn't unsettle her at all. Perhaps Aggie was right about the meds. "Mary, dear," her mum called, "could you come help me with the cocoa?" Mary left, and James took her place on the sofa. Lily tucked her hairy legs under the coat. "Don't shy away from me Evans, you're the infectious one." With that, he pulled her sock-covered foot from under the blanket and began to massage