Harry Potter stared into the massive fireplace in the Gryffindor Common Room, currently home to a roaring fire. Ron and Hermione were quietly yet heatedly discussing some topic over in a large club chair, pressed against each other's side. He probably should have been participating but he couldn't motivate himself to care. If he looked into the fire long enough, maybe his Godfather would miraculously appear. Harry wanted to snort out loud. He knew it wasn't going to happen; it was foolish to dream, but he couldn't seem to squash the irrational hope. Nothing was going right. He was alone again, but for one brief moment he had had a family; someone that wanted him around because he was Harry. Not Harry Potter The-Boy-Who-Lived, not the Golden Boy, not the last of the Potter line; no, Sirius had wanted Harry, just as he was with no strings attached. "Are you paying attention, Harry?" His attention was jerked back to the present where he found both Hermione and Ron staring at him. Not even attempting to pretend he knew what they'd asked him, he stared at them blankly. "Yeah?" Hermione sighed and closed the heavy book that covered both their laps. It was late and the other students had already gone to bed. No one else remained in the common room to hear their conversation. "Have you had any luck finding your Animagus form?" she asked again, briefly sighing at his lack of focus. "No." The young witch stood, setting the book on the heavy center table. They had discussed ways to go about tracking down Voldemort's Horcruxes. Hermione had suggested each of them find their Animagus form since traveling as an animal would be much easier and safer for them than appearing publicly in their human forms. So far none of them had succeeded; a fact which annoyed Hermione greatly, resident bookworm that she was. "Harry, we've talked about this. We are all too recognizable, you most of all; if we have any hope of tracking down these...objects, we have to do it secretly. Traveling in animal form will help with that," she continued to lecture but Harry had suddenly had enough for the night. He stood and grabbed his bag from the floor. "I know that, Hermione. But I've got a little more on my plate than I can deal with right now. I'll work on it and let you know, yeah?" Without waiting for an answer, he turned and walked up the stairs to the boy's dorm rooms. He just couldn't handle his friends right now. Dumbledore had sent a note earlier asking him to accompany the wizard the following night. He had an idea of what it might entail, but he wasn't sure and didn't want to bring it up with his friends. He also hadn't had a good night's rest in two weeks, ever since Hermione had brought up the idea of finding their animal forms. His dreams were filled with blackness and fire; sometimes there were distant lands he traveled. He knew the dreams weren't coming from Voldemort because the Dark Lord never appeared in these nocturnal visions, nor were the dreams frightening. That was what disturbed Harry the most actually. In the dreams he felt comfortable and at peace with the blackness and fire, he was content as he journeyed in his dreamscape. He often felt more at peace in his dreams than he did awake. Shaking his head, he approached his canopy bed, dropping his bag on the floor before changing into his pajamas. Maybe tonight he would dream of distant lands again. He needed a good night's sleep; Dumbledore and he were going somewhere and he needed to be ready. (!)(!)(!) Harry watched in unmitigated horror as Snape, Draco Malfoy and the other Death Eaters ran from the Astronomy Tower after Dumbledore fell. This couldn't be happening! He only spared the briefest of glances down below to see the crumpled figure before he went racing down the stairs, wand clutched in his hand and intent on retribution. The levels down below were a screaming melee of panicked students and teachers, trying to understand what was going on while others battled and defended. He saw Neville and Luna attempting to halt the retreating figures, petrified Death Eaters littering the hallway in their wake. Up ahead, Harry saw Snape whip around a corner in a swirl of dark robes. A wave of pure hatred unlike anything he had ever felt before suddenly filled him, Harry didn't even realize he was snarling as he ducked into a shortcut he knew to take him to the entry hall. The Death Eaters had to get to the edge of the wards before they could Apparate and Harry was determined to cut them off, taking as many down with him as he could. Emerging from the darkened hallway, he could see the Death Eaters already exiting the entry hall through the massive double doors and moving with haste across the lawn towards the gates. Just as his gaze locked on Snape, he saw the man he had always known as his Professor fire a stunning hex at a second year student; after that Harry saw nothing but red. The young student was bravely fighting with his friends, but he wasn't a challenge to Snape, or to anyone else, being only a second year; yet the Potions Master had ruthlessly cut him down. Harry felt something inside him click, expanding within his chest. Pushing away from the stone doorway into the school, his eyesight quickly sharpened and suddenly he was flying over the short distance towards the fleeing Death Eaters. He didn't stop to understand why he was flying, his sole focus being the black robes of the traitor. Screams of horror filled his ears as he neared his prey, talons outstretched and gleaming as he overtook him. The pale face turned sharply to glimpse his pursuer, shock filling his gaze as Harry caught his own reflection in the dark eyes. Black scales shimmering with a constantly shifting green hue where they trailed down his spine and gathered over his broad chest. The green matched the scorching color in his wide, lizard like eyes as he easily pinned the older man to the ground under one of his fore claws. Talons dug into the dirt making escape impossible for his captive as ineffective stunning spells were cast towards him. The flashes of light briefly illuminating attackers and predator alike in the thick darkness. The curses rebounded immediately from his scales, the instinctive Protego he cast over himself in full effect. Snarling caught his attention, and he swung his head around in time to see a large rabid wolf leaping towards his throat. Without thinking, his wings flared around him and his long neck twisted to allow his jaws to snap around the wolf's body, plucking it easily from the air. Rank blood exploded over his tongue, teeth and lips as he crunched down on fragile bones. With a violent snap of his head, he slung the corpse so forcefully that the body was impaled by a broken branch when it collided with a nearby tree. Turning back to the few Death Eaters still trying to stun him, he took a deep breath into his massive chest and felt heat race up his neck. Lowering his head, he released a thick oily gush of burning liquid which set fire to everything it touched. Screams filled his ears as burning wizards stumbled and fell, while those who escaped his attack ran for the edge of the wards; so few could not battle an incensed dragon. Faint pops signaled their departure. Surrounded by flames, the flicker of firelight shimmered off his darkly colored scales as he observed the deserted battlefield. Cries still echoed behind him, from somewhere closer to the castle while he looked at the man still beneath his claw. He could hear and feel the pounding heartbeat against the fleshy part of his claw as his head lowered to look more closely at the frightened wizard. "P-Potter?" The dragon snarled at the soft word, his gaze boring into the dark eyes. Something within the dark eyes flared brightly, almost in recognition of the power hidden behind the dragon's green gaze. A flimsy barrier blocked the wizard's mind but with barely a mental twitch, the barrier shattered and he captured the brilliant organ. This vessel called to him and it was now his; his pet; his property; his thrall; his Ventus Famulus . Silence! The mental projection was firm and all thoughts of speaking collapsed under the command. A mouth opened and closed uselessly before acknowledging the futility of it. An instinct rose in Harry's mind and without hesitation, he forced his captive into unconsciousness. Lifting his claw from the now limp body, he stepped away and with only a thought shifted back to his human form, then promptly collapsed onto his hands and knees to retch. Thoughts raced through his mind in a confusing jumble as he tried to figure out what had just happened. He, Harry Potter, had just shifted into a dragon; a ferocious, powerful dragon. His wand was still clutched in his hand as he spat, hoping to rid his mouth of the taste of Greyback's blood. One glance towards the tree on his left verified it was the corpse of the infamous werewolf; to his right was the unconscious form of Severus Snape, murderer of Albus Dumbledore. Shaking his head and wiping his mouth with his sleeve, he stood and collected the wands from both Snape and Greyback. Tucking away the strange wands, he bound both the dead man and the unconscious man before using his own wand to levitate the two. The walk back to the castle was silent and slow before he caught sight of a few teachers and older students. "Potter! What are-" McGonagall started but then fell silent, staring as he came closer and she realized what he was bringing with him. "Snape killed Dumbledore and ran with the other Death Eaters. Draco Malfoy let them into the castle via a vanishing cabinet in the Room of Requirement. He went with them. I caught Snape and something from the forest killed Greyback," he stated flatly, knowing that to reveal he had been the one to kill Greyback might not be in his best interests. Wild and exotic creatures lived it the Forbidden Forest, any of which could and probably would have killed a rabid werewolf. There was no need to incriminate himself. McGonagall floundered for a brief moment before nodding and turning to Professor Flitwick. The Aurors would arrive shortly, they could take the other captives and Greyback's body but McGonagall wanted Snape first. Flitwick took the Potion Master's body to a secure room after learning that Harry held his wand. Greyback's wand he passed to McGonagall to surrender to the Aurors when they came for the body. Finally having someone else issuing orders and taking control, Harry slowly collapsed onto his knees to take a moment to breathe. He was still reeling over all that had happened in the last hour. Headmaster Dumbledore was dead; killed by one of his own Professors, someone he had told Harry that he trusted. Trusted with his life, and he died for that misplaced trust. Harry had shifted into a dragon, captured Snape, and killed Greyback with no remorse. How was he going to explain that one away? Everyone knew that Snape was one of the most talented professors at the school. He was only a sixth year student yet he had somehow managed to best the Death Eater. "Harry?" He looked up dazed as Hermione slowly knelt in front of him. The young witch had blood streaming from a head wound and her clothing was torn in several places. She had been in the thick of battle in the castle. Her pale face and wide eyes convinced Harry that everything really had happened. "He's