Hi again! Myself, Blackrose1356, and Huan the Wolf have decided to make a story together. This will contain slash, as a forewarning. Hope you like this, and make sure that you click the little button at the bottom that says, REVIEW! Enjoy. This was taken down before because of a recent infraction when one of my stories, Blame Me Not got deleted. I figured that it would only be fair to take things down, and see if I could fix them, though I couldn't find anything to fix on this story. I'm sorry for the trouble. Through a Child's Eyes. By: Cassie, Melba, and Anna. Ch.1- A Look Back. Arwen Undomiel watched sadly as the land gradually grew from her sight and then she sighed aloud. She had hoped that it would not have had to come to this, but it had. The first years of their marriage were the happiest. They were always in each other's arms, kissing and making love. When their first boy had come, Elessar was still a loyal and caring husband. He made sure that little Eldarion had everything his heart desired. A horse, archery lessons, history taught to him by the wisest of scholars and music played to him by the most skilled of bards. Then Eldarion had reached his thirteenth year and a change suddenly came about the King. He was wistful and spent all most of his time staring at the horizon. Arwen knew why. He was longing for his younger years when Strider the Ranger had roamed the wilderness, eating what he wanted, where he wanted and when he wanted. Now he was penned up and was only allowed in the Dining Hall or anywhere near the kitchens after the gong signalling dinner had been struck. Elessar wished to travel, and spent more and more time reminiscing about his adventures. Arwen noticed that several times Legolas' name came up in the conversation and the King would go misty eyed. He did not know it but it was the first warning sign that the Queen saw. Then one day the Elf arrived at the palace. He of course caused a stir. It was not often that one so fair arrived in Minas Tirith. And knowing Legolas, he secretly liked to cause a fuss. He had managed to wander in one day without anyone noticing and it wasn't until he was dancing with Arwen, that he was noticed. Then Legolas had just grinned smartly and tried to ignore all the attention. He was not vain, however he knew that his appearances had instigated several crushes from the younger maidens. Elessar had been overjoyed to see his friend back from his wanderings in the wild and had embraced Legolas tightly, clutching the Elf Prince to him as if fearing to let go. A slight bloom of colour had blossomed on Legolas' cheek at the sudden contact. No one apart from Arwen noticed it though. She had hoped that it was just the jealous mind of a woman whose husband's attention was now placed on another beautiful being. Soon Arwen found that she was not misplaced in her suspicions. She watched in agony as Elessar's affections passed (without his knowing of it) from her, to him. A few heated words had been exchanged between her and Legolas on the matter and the Elf had left the White City immediately, not wishing to intrude on his friend's happiness. It was a good idea, yet it was not to return Elessar's affections back to Arwen. She had acknowledged this and she had also acknowledged that her place in Middle-earth was no longer needed. The heir to the throne had been produced; therefore Arwen was free to go. And go she did, riding to the Havens with a couple other remaining elves and from there, she set sail for the Undying Lands. The rain poured down, plastering her dark locks against her skull and soaking her rich silken gowns. She ignored it though and prayed silently to the Valar that her decision had been the right one. "Forgive me Elessar, forgive me Eldarion," she whispered to the grey sky above. The Elves on the boat looked strangely at her. They didn't know why the Elf Queen was leaving. They never would. Arwen stood there as the last dot of land sunk over the horizon and then she remained, her hands clutching the rails tightly so that her knuckles turned white. Not once did she move from that spot until finally her grandmother's call awakened her from this dreamlike state and her father's touch led her onto land. The Evenstar walked into Valinor. This is not her story. Arwen's only part in this story is a brief one and she will only be spoken of when they talk about the past. This is my story and intermingled into it is the fate of two special people who I hold dear to my heart. Let me tell you a story about two princes who later became two kings. Their story is not an easy one or for the faint of heart. My name is Eldarion, son of King Elessar and King Legolas. My memory has faded somewhat, but this I remember well. It all started many years ago. ~ "Eldarion, I know this will be hard on you but please listen to me and do not say a word until I have finished." My father sat me down upon my bed and I noticed that his normally hard grey eyes were slightly red. Was it from crying? "Eldarion, your mother." Elessar took a deep shuddering breath. For a brief moment he pulled his gaze away from me and instead stared out of the window behind my head. "She has gone away." "Away as in to Lorien?" My mother often visited the gardens that I knew to be empty. The Elves had passed away a long while ago. They all sailed to the Undying Lands. They knew that their time on earth had ended and reluctantly they handed ownership of Middle-earth to Men. I do not know whether it is just the Elf-blood in my veins or whether I am just hopelessly romantic, but the world seemed such a brighter place when the Elves inhabited it. They were still around in the early stages of my childhood and the sun always seemed to shine, the trees were always bright and the sky was clear. Did the extent of the Elves affinity with Nature stretch that far? "No, Eldarion please, this is no joking matter," my father said gravely and pressed my fidgeting hands down on the bed. I squirmed slightly but then sighed and once again met his eyes. "Go ahead." Elessar took another deep breath and inwardly I groaned. This might take a while I realised and smothered a chuckle on my behalf. "Your mother has gone to Valinor." The words echoed around in my head for a few minutes before fully sinking in. "Valinor?" I breathed. Why- my mother- why would she desert me like that? At the drop of a hat just leave the country? Didn't she know how much this would affect me? "Yes, Eldarion, we've both got to be strong," Elessar said. "I do not know why Arwen has left us both, it's caught me unaware as well." Then seeing that nothing more he could say would help, he stood up and left the room. I sat there in dumb muteness for about ten minutes before I let out a wild, animalistic cry of rage. I kicked my bed ferociously and stomped out of my room, slamming the door after me. The noise resounded through the hallways, I ignored it as I ran out of the palace. I had to cool off. So I ran down the stairs stumbling as I took three at each step. I also ignored the looks of the startled peasants hurrying to curtsy and bow in time as I sprinted past them. It was only polite to avoid your eyes when your Prince walks past you. I did not see it, though I knew they were doing the action. My velvet coat trailed in the mud of the lower sections of the City as I headed towards the main gates. The guards saluted them and I paid no heed to the protocol. My feet thundered across the lowered drawbridge and finally I skidded to a halt in the dust of the road, ten metres away from the City walls. The sharp wind swirled around me, dancing through the flimsy material of my clothes and made me shiver. How ridiculous I must look, I mused. At fifteen I looked like some strange puppet attired in clothes far too rich for me. My gangly limbs pounded the ground as I kicked at air. I had to get my frustration out at something. In the distance I could see a similar dust cloud to the one I was creating, was heading closer to me. Probably some merchant, I dismissed and continued jumping, punching and kicking an invisible foe. Some of my energy was released and I paused, panting to focus my now burning eyes on the figure. Riding swiftly on a white horse was a golden haired person- Elf. Only Elves had hair of that brightness and who of my mother's kin would be visiting Minas Tirith? Of course, it would be the beautiful, talented, wonderful, versatile Prince of Elves. Legolas Greenleaf. I had instantly taken a dislike to the Wood-elf who seemed just too nice. He had dropped in uninvited into the celebration of my thirteenth year. He had danced with my mother and only a blind person -nay, a blind, deaf person who had no idea of communication at all- would not have noticed the subtle flirting that went on between my father and Legolas. Perhaps my dear father had not noticed, but I certainly had. The way that Legolas' looked away coyly whenever Elessar's hand brushed his; or the way that whenever their gaze's meet, the Elf was always the first to look away. Perhaps my dear father did not know why Arwen had left, nevertheless his son did. Or at least had his suspicions. I knew Legolas' fondness for my father was more than platonic. As the horse drew nearer, I gritted my teeth and clenched my jaw. Oh yes, it was he all right. The way that his posture was straight and regal as he sat on the bareback horse. The way that his golden hair swung around his shoulders that were deceptively slender, and the way that his face was alight with happiness as the wind hurtled past him with the speed that they were going. Legolas noticed my presence on the side of the road and slowed down to a gentle trot. He beamed down at me. "Why if it isn't the Nether," [young one] he smiled his voice continuing the whole vibe of joy that surrounded him. The nickname had come about from him comparing his height to that of mine, I hasten to add- a thirteen year old's! What did he expect me to be? Taller than a troll? Ridiculous Elf. His pretty smile was cut off quickly as I lunged at him and knocked him from the back of the horse. Legolas hit the ground with a startled cry and thud. I snarled angrily and raising my fist punched Legolas in the jaw. The Elf shook his head, his deep blue eyes hurt and concerned. "Eldarion, what's wrong with you?" he asked. "I don't need your concern, Elf," I hissed and lowered my fist again, this time it was stopped. Legolas' legendary swift reflexes saved him from another blow as he held my wrist firmly in one hand. "Eldarion, this doesn't seem like you," he said in a slower voice. "What is wrong?" he stressed each word and laid much emphasis, talking to me as if I was a slow child. "You!" I cried