Hello everyone! So this is my first fanfic literally ever. I mean, I've never even outlined a plot before. So this was a request from a friend for an OC/Legolas slash fanfic with clearly defined roles that was kind of a clichéd cracky yaoi fic, and here it is! Note that this is my first time writing lemon, so I apologize if it's overly drawn out and detailed. I will try to improve! Anyway, I'm a stickler for grammar and general English mistakes, so if you find any please PM me and I will fix them! Also, please don't hesitate to tell me what you think so I can improve, though flames will generally just piss me off, so I would prefer they stayed away. If that is your honest opinion, though, I can appreciate that so… yup! Warnings : Slash, M/M, OC/Legolas, NC-17-ish, PWP, slightly dubious consent at the very beginning… umm, that's about it! Also, just a note: some of my friends have read the beginning and protested that elves do not eat meat so Legolas would not be hunting a deer. While I understand this, this is a fanfic, and, I dunno, maybe he's hunting for meat for a friend, or maybe it insulted his mother; I don't know! It hardly matters anyhow. Words in the Black Speech (Mordor Orcish) or Sindarin (Elvish) are marked with a * the first time they appear. Translations are at the bottom. EDIT: An anonymous reviewer informed me that LOTR elves do, in fact, eat meat. I have not verified that fact but... thank you for your contribution! I always kind of thought they did but whatever. Disclaimer: I clearly do not own the Lord of the Rings series or anything related to it other than my OC, Skrithûrz (I got this name when I entered my requester's name into and orc name translator xD). Legolas leapt lightly through the underbrush, his soft leather boots making scarcely a sound even on the dead leaves underfoot. The deer he had his sights set on had yet to notice his presence, so little sound did he make. He was within feet of his target, when an acorn fell behind him. The deer looked up at the noise, spotted Legolas, and bounded away. "Orchorn*!" he swore softly, and sprinted after his fleeing prey. He chased it over rocks and under fallen trees, through creeks and rivers. It rounded a large rock outcropping, and Legolas continued to give chase when suddenly- -He hit a brick wall. Legolas squeaked in surprise and shock as he tumbled backwards, unable to keep his balance against the unexpected opposing force. A gravelly chuckle sounded above him. "Now now, little elfling, where are off to in such a hurry?" Legolas froze, the rough voice grating on his ears. It couldn't be, could it? He slowly lifted his head, carefully peering up at the "brick wall"- and promptly froze again. There, standing before him, was his worst fear. Uruk-hai! It had been many years since the War of the Ring had ended, and Legolas had not seen an Uruk since, but he still recognized one when he saw it. After the fall of Isengard, many of Saruman's handcrafted terrors had escaped. Legolas had heard tales of run-ins with stray orcs, but had never come across the problem himself. Skrithûrz smirked broadly as he watched the myriad of emotions flit across the elf's pale face. The elf seemed young, but one could never tell with these folk. The elf could be thousand of years old, for all he looked like an embarrassed teenager doing a wonderful impersonation of a fish out of water, turning red and gasping for air. The elf seemed finally to collect himself enough to raise a shaking finger, point it accusingly at the huge Uruk and yell. "You! You're not supposed to be here at all!" Skrithûrz blinked in surprise. He should have thought that would be obvious. Clearly a 7-foot, 300-pound Uruk-hai in full armor did not belong in a magical forest full of flighty little elves. It was at this point that Skrithûrz began to doubt the intelligence of this particular elf. "Hmm, ya don' say," Skrithûrz growled, his rough voice mangling the words somewhat. He continued smiling a terrifying smirk- that grew into a leer- down at the pretty little elf. Legolas suddenly seemed to collect himself fully and leapt to his feet, stood quivering in front of the orc, then turned abruptly and took off like a bolt. "Urk!*" swore Skrithûrz, before giving chase. The elf was quick, and knew his way around, but Skrithûrz's longer legs allowed him to nearly keep up and his keen sense of smell helped him to easily keep track of the fleeing elf. Within five minutes, Skrithûrz caught up to Legolas in a mossy glade. Legolas was terrified- an orc, in the middle of Mirkwood! His family's lands! The thought was outrageous, and yet this brute, with his great fangs and his great arms and his cut torso- no! That was utterly the wrong train of thought! But it had at least served to push him out of his stupor. He pointed at the orc, jumped up, babbled something stupid, and dashed off in a haze of panic. Legolas heard the orc start to follow after a moment, and spurred his legs faster. He tried to lose the orc in the twisting, murky forest, but whenever he thought he'd been successful the orc caught up to him. If only the orc didn't have such long, muscled, strong legs- gah! He was sound it again! "This is not the time for this," he told himself. "Later, with someone else. " He kept running, but shortly burst out into a mossy clearing. Nowhere to hide! Legolas began to panic. He was still frantically looking for somewhere to hide when the orc entered the clearing as well. So absorbed was he, that he didn't even notice the orc's arrival until it was directly behind him. Skrithûrz was delighted. The little golog* was looking for somewhere to hide, not realizing that he had caught up. He stalked across the clearing to the elf, licking his lips, and stopped mere inches behind the elf. He chuckled softly, and the elf to whipped around at the sound, his eyes widening in shocked horror as he made an adorable squeak of shock. The elf tried to make a break for it, but Skrithûrz wrapped his huge hand around the golog's thin bicep before the pretty boy- Skrithûrz had trouble thinking of anything so delicate and lovely as a "man"- could make it more than a step. Legolas had finally spotted a promising hiding spot when he heard a low, rumbling chuckle directly behind him. The chuckle sent delightful little shivers up and down Legolas' spine, and he whipped around to find the orc mere inches away. He squeaked in shock, and attempted to run, but had not made it even two steps before one of the orc's big, strong- urk!- hands wrapped around his upper arm. He turned slowly and stared up at the Uruk with huge, frightened eyes. Underneath the fear, however, was something else, something deeper. The strength clear in the orc's firm grip intrigued Legolas and, much as it pained him to admit it even to himself, he wanted to know more. Skrithûrz watched with amusement as the delicate elfling turned slowly to stare up at him. There was definite fear in the little one's eyes, but beneath it was something altogether different. It was fascination and- was that lust he saw reflected in those eyes? It was. Skrithûrz grinned even wider, if that was possible, and moved both hands to the elf's slim waist. The elf's eyes widened further still- again, if that was possible- and started trying halfheartedly to wriggle away, but even he seemed to have been effected by the thickening atmosphere. Legolas felt the Uruk-hai's big hands settle around his waist, and started to panic. He tried to wiggle away from the orch*, but even he could tell his heart wasn't in it. Something about the orc was just irresistible, and Legolas was beginning to lose the will to do anything but give in. Skrithûrz felt the elf grow pliant in his hands, and took advantage of it. He simply did the first thing that occurred to him: he kissed the tiny elfling. It was not a nice or neat kiss. It was a kiss of restrained passion that had broken loose, a kiss full of teeth and tongue, almost painful in the freneticism of it. After several minutes and a desperate need for air, Skrithûrz pulled back, though not very far, to look at the elf. The golog's eyes were glazed, and his pink lips were swollen and slightly parted. A small line of blood trickled from his lip where one of the orc's fangs had pierced the delicate skin of his lip, and Skrithûrz licked it away. The elf was too much to resist, so Skrithûrz didn't, simply going back for more. He was indulging in another deep, invasive kiss when he felt a light, erratic pushing at his chest it took him several more moments for his sluggish, lust-hazed mind to realize that it was the elf pushing at his chest. He pulled back reluctantly and looked at the elf with confusion. Legolas was floored; the brute was kissing him, actually kissing him! Him, Legolas, Prince of Mirkwood! It was unthinkable, such an occurrence, and yet so it was. Legolas found himself unable to think on the unthinkable much longer; the orc's kiss proved distracting. Legolas had had no real romantic feelings before this moment, so had not really been kissed. Thus the experience was fully novel to him. And what an awakening! Legolas had never before felt such a thing. It was unbelievable! He felt the orc's fang cut his lip, but the brief spark of pain was soon lost in the haze of pleasure. At last the orc pulled back slightly, and Legolas gasped for breath through slightly parted lips, his eyes unfocused. Just as he had been about to collect his thoughts, the orc licked his lip delicately, once again creating a brief spark of pain, and dove back in for more. Legolas relaxed once more into the kiss before something occurred to him and he pushed- albeit weakly- at the orc's tightly muscled chest. "Wait," panted the elf in a sweet, lilting voice that sounded like bells. "Wait, I don't even know your name!" The orc grunted. This seemed a minor and unimportant detail to him. What did it matter? What did a name mean anyway, and what use was it in such a situation but to call it out in the final moments anyway? But it seemed the slim elf was not going to allow him to continue otherwise. He supposed he could always force the other man, but that was rarely as pleasant, and such a hassle besides. He determined it would be easier to simply tell the elf his name. He sighed the sigh of the long-suffering and spoke. "Skrithûrz. My name is Skrithûrz," he said exasperatedly, not relinquishing his hold on the elf. The elf smiled and did not resist his tightening hold. "Ah good," he said happily. "Well, my name is Legolas." The orc grunted at the apparently breaking news, not caring overmuch but he supposed he would have to put up with it for now. Ah well, so long as he got laid in the end. "Now that we're all introduced," Skrithûrz growled in irritation, " may I continue?" The elf- Legolas, he remembered- looked to the side and bit his lip bashfully, considering. It was too damn much for Skrithûrz. He grabbed the elf's chin between two great fingers, turning his head and pushing forward for another kiss. This time he felt the elf grow fully compliant and decided to move forward. Without breaking