Chapter 1 - Escape A.N- Just to clarify, these character do obviously not belong to me, they are currently owned by Rick Riordan but have had such a huge impact in my life that I could not help but try to create a fanficion with them. Please review as this is my first time trying quite hard to create an interesting story and feedback would help so much to this creative process, thank you so much and enjoy The skin was translucent, which was not uncommon among dead bodies but still was a frightening image to gaze upon. The body lay alone in a deserted alley not two feet away from a bristling street packed with cars itching to drive home for an early night and pedestrians wandering aimlessly; hoping to have gained some enjoyment from another "night on the town". The victim's face was frozen with its last expression. Fear. Its mouth was agape, yellow stained teeth moulded with darkness of the poorly lit alley. Once blue eyes, now faded towards the colour white, held a wide daunted stare and stored a hidden fear within the depths of the forgotten pupils. He was dressed smart. A silk suit lay crumpled upon his skin, wrinkles and creases riddled the entirety of the three piece, destroying the designer quality. Scarlet red liquid scarred the white shirt which was now torn vertically across the man's stomach. An open wound stretched across his stomach disrupting the once unscaved skin. A shard of silver was still impaled in the wound, its metal glow reflected the full moon that stood proud in the sky, defying all the stars in its line of view, challenging them almost. A shadow towered over the limp man as it crouched down. A gloved hand reached to remove the blade from the body, with precision and skill rivaled only by a trained surgeon. As the hand grasped the wanted object blood spewed from the now stretched wound coating the hand with a thin layer that held a thick viscosity of rose red paint, as if someone had marred the brown leather glove with cheap lip gloss. The smell was quite distinct, reeking the air with an aroma of hopelessness and despair dampening the mood of the neglectant passerby, ignorant of the tragedy that occurred only one street away. The open wound squelched with every movement causing the gloved man to squirm and shudder with every prominent sound. "God, I hate this part," the figure muttered, once again squirming. A thick hand awkwardly patted the figures shoulder as he inched backwards turning his nose as far away from the body as physically possible. As if the smell had personally offended his nostrils. "Well, someone's got to do it," the second man responded, he choked as a lump of intestine plopped onto the hard tarmac, he swivelled away on the spot shuddering, "and unfortunately we picked the short straws this time." "Doesn't make me feel any better." "I wasn't trying to," he remarked, "Just hurry up, the faster we get this sorted the quicker we can go...be careful not to leave too big a mess you idiot we can't let the- No don't pull it too fast, here give it." The second figure stepped forward towards the body, a dim cheap lamp, which hung aimlessly overhead, illuminated what features of the second man that were not hidden from view by a silk white hood. A pair of narrow eyes, with pupils as blue as the untamed ocean, stood out from the pale skin of the man. His broad shoulders made his chest stick slightly forward, in an almost smug and proud manner. His sharp jaw had slight stubble, with tiny hairs that fluttered in the light breeze and his spiked, dirty blond hair caught in the shine of the light, trimmed to an army style buzz cut. A small scar graced his bottom lip stretching vertically down to the right. The scarred man gently pushed the kneeling figure to the side as he reached forward toward the open wound. The other stepped back further into the light.His wavy, black hair sat wildly upon his shoulder, stray hair lay in every direction causing his appearance to look like he had just woken up. His thick dark eyebrows were pulled close together causing a crease to form between his bright brown eyes that shone with mirth and amusement, and despite their brightness camouflaged with the blackness of the night sky. He had a round face which resulted features being wide in proportion. Both men wore white robes with leather sashes that stored knifes that glistened in the moonlight and switch blades which sparkled under the artificial lighting. An array of hidden artillery was also stashed beneath the neverending fabric for the cloth. They wore heavy suede dark oak boots that caused a resounding thump to heard with every step either man took which would usually draw them attention but in the deserted alley there was no attention to buy. The black haired man glanced over his shoulder nervously, clenching his fists open and closed over and over again in a repetitive rhythm, chewing on bottom lip, its tips inching downwards with each passing second. "Quit that," the second man smirked without looking over. The standing figure scrunched up his face and narrowed his eyes at the man, forgetting his previous actions and all feeling anxiety he felt beforehand. "I've known you for what? Eight years? And I still don't know how you do that Jason." "And you won't know for at least another five Leo," Jason chuckled still tugging at the shard, "Oh almost got it… just one- dammit." Jason pushed back and sat on his knees slouching as he brought his hand up to his face and rubbed his chin. The bronze leather glove scratched and scaved the thin layer of stubble growing. Blood clung to the small hairs as he pulled his hand back sharply cursing at his own ignorance. "What? Something up?" Leo questioned, creeping toward Jason, who was still gazing at the body with annoyance. Jason snorted, "Is something up? No I usually just try to remove murder weapons from dead bodies every Friday night," he grumbled, "usually before I go the bar for drinks." He looked up at Leo, "Do you know any good bars around here anyway Flame Boy?" "Ha, ha, ha who knew you had a sense of humor," Leo snorted rolling his eyes. "Watch your tongue Leo, you've got to respect your elders you know." "You're like two years older than me!" Leo cried. Stepping back he grumbled, "What were you moaning about anyway?" Jason looked down his hood covering his whole face in a white shadow. He mumbled something incoherent into his white cloak, which was covering one shoulder, bringing his shoulders closer together and lifting his hand to scratch his ear causing it to turn blood red. Putting his own hand to his ear and cupping it around comically Leo mockingly questioned, "I'm sorry what was that?" Grinding his teeth Jason gritted out, "The blade's stuck." He clenched his eyes shut and turned his head away from Leo's mocking face. Laughing Leo walked forward, "Here let-" A siren cut the comment off. Various cars skidded to a stop at the entrance of the alley, the constant flickering of the red and blue lights shone bright, blinding the alley in a striking spectacle of light clearly outdoing the poor work of the frail light above their heads. Deep baritone voices boomed out orders; "Go left down the alley!" "Flank them!" "Don't let them escape!" "Ridgewell, Braxton you two call for backup!" Whipping their heads back, eyes wide and frightened, they stumbled backwards blinded with the multitude of voices, sounds and noise, unable to comprehend the situation so suddenly. "Oh shi-" Leo whimpered, leaning against the wall for support. His hands automatically lunged to his sides grasping the rows of sharp, sliver knives held in pockets strapped around his stomach. "Watch your language," Jason cut off. He grabbed Leo's wrist and pulled them back to his side, looking up and down the alley for an escape, a calculate look in his navy eyes, as he walked backwards, "dammit follow me." "What about the blade? We can't leave it here, the police will take it for evidence." Leo gestured wildly at the body before ducking to dodge a haywire bullet that whizzed overhead. "We can have Beckendorf hack their system, just move come on!" He yelled as he jumped towards a ladder on a fire escape just a foot away. Using his boots as friction against the wall he launched his body at full force to the rung that hung overhead. His fingers grazed the bottom of the metal rung before he fell, knees bent and hands spread on all fours. Hissing as Leo helped him up by the elbow, Jason motioned for Leo to place his foot on his hands. "Here let me boost you," Jason spoke, voice ladened with panic as his feature scrunched up causing his scar to tear open and a thin line of blood to trickle out and drip onto his pure white outfit, marring it. "Yeah, cause I'm shorter than you and that will totally work," Leo muttered before he placed his hands on Jason's shoulders; one foot on his outstretched palms the other bent ready to help him push himself upwards. Using the momentum of the boost Leo wrapped his hands firmly around the first rung. He pulled himself up, grunting, grim clinging to his silk cloak turning it into a murky grey in random spots around his chest and arms. Once fully up Leo released the latch for the ladder that landed on the tarmac with an audible clang. With urgency Jason clambered up the ladder ducking at passing bullets that grazed past his body. "Come on!" Leo yelled climbing up the stairs above with haste. He grabbed two plant pots that sat idly on the window sill of one of the apartments next to the fire escape, throwing with all his might, Leo launched the stray petunias and daisies towards the police below. Confused at the falling vegetation the police scrambled and dodged, officers barking out confused orders to even more startled police. "Watch out for those lilies cadet!" "Sir I think those are actually roses!" The occupants of the apartments rushed forwards towards the windows in hopes of gaining more insight in the commotion that was occurring outside their own homes at such a late time of night. Children pressed their face closer, some even attempting in opening the window, awe struck expressions gazed at the fight between the confused and agitated police and a stranger armed with their neighbors flowers, while their parents pulled them back alarmed with trepidation plastered in their eyes for their safety. "Argh!" Jason yelped. Falling forward on the harsh steps he clutched his leg his hands now coated with more blood except this time his own. A stray bullet had been impaled in his right calf drenching it in blood as red as rubies. The wound itself was not large, only a couple of centimetres wide, and had gone all the way through. But still, it caused Jason to feel a wave of pain that made his head spin and sight begin to waver. "Jason!" Leo cried. He sprinted down the steps taking two at a time. Tripping occasionally he gripped the rail of the fire escape tighter still throwing plants, and even an odd bush or two, at the police, who were now climbing the ladder at the bottom of the escape. Dammit should have lifted that back up , Leo thought bitterly. He grabbed Jason's arm pulling it over his shoulder and helping him up urgently yet with a gentle touch. Jason moaned as more blood poured from the wound and his sight darkened further, stars now flashed and faded before his eyes. "C'mon," Leo muttered, "hold on Superman