This is my first and probably only fanfic I will ever write. I have no idea if its any good. It was really just born from boredom and my great love for Madge and Gale. I hope its okay! :) P.S. my title is so crap... Magical It's the middle of summer and the air is stifling. I can hardly breathe in this muggy classroom let alone run around after hyperactive kids all day. For six hours my ears have been filled with "Miss Undersee! Miss Undersee!" There has been juice spillages, paints being thrown, laughter and tears. Just a normal day in kindergarten. So when the bell goes to announce the end of the school week, I sigh in not only relief but just pure joy. People should not be allowed to work in these temperatures. I usher my kids out the door, armed with their backpacks and empty lunch boxes, then collapse into the chair behind my desk. I pry my swollen feet out of my work shoes and curl my toes. I whimper at the huge blister that has developed throughout the week. I unbutton my blouse a little and fan myself with some worksheets. I throw back my hair and think of the lovely cool shower I'm going to take when I get home. "Not enjoying the weather?" I look up to see my colleague, Fiona, standing at the door. "Is this hell?" I mutter continuing to fan myself, "I thought District 12 was bad, but this is just not acceptable." "Better get used to it," Fiona comes to sit on my desk, and swings her legs back and forth, "The AC isn't going to get fixed until at least Wednesday." Fuck. District 2 was once the Capitol's lapdog, but after everything that happened with Katniss and Snow and then Coin, President Paylor is leaving this District alone for a little while – which means that simple things like the air conditioning isn't a priority anymore. Most of the people who lived here were used to luxury. Its a big change for a lot of the people. Having been the mayor's daughter back in Twelve, I was a bit more well-off than the others so I can relate a little. It's all for the greater good though. "Any plans for tonight?" she asks, quirking her eyebrow and biting her lip. I know this look. "I'm not going to be your third wheel." "Oh come on, Madge!" she practically jumps up and kneels in front of me, begging. "You never go out! I'll ask Paul if he can bring his friend so it won't be awkward for you." "Won't be awkward?" I ask her incredulously. "Of course it'd be awkward. You know I don't date. I don't have the time!" "It won't even be a date really. And it's just for one night. You'll never see him again – he'll probably be one of Paul's army buddies." She pouts like a sad puppy. I roll my eyes. "Please, just once." "I don't know," I say, scrunching up my face thinking about it. "Please! I'll give you my classroom fan for the whole of next week?" she pleads. "And you're sure the AC doesn't get fixed until Wednesday?" I ask. It's an offer I just can't pass up. "Yes! I asked the janitor, Steve! Does that mean you'll come?" Her smile is huge. How can I say no? "Alright," I mutter, and move to put my shoes back on. Fiona woops and claps her hands. "I'll make sure he's hot!" she stands up and goes to the door. "Be at mine for seven." I stand to get my stuff together, listening to Fiona walking back to her classroom next door. "And wear something sexy!" I hear her call back. I roll my eyes and move to lock up the room, leaving the mess for the cleaners to deal with. I just want to go home. Fiona only lives about five minutes away from my small apartment so I decide to walk over. It's not as warm anymore but I am still producing far too much sweat on my forehead. I was told to wear something sexy, so I opted for a skin tight cream dress that cut off just above the knees but hugged my hips. I'm wearing a golden locket around my neck so it sits just above my cleavage. I decided against heals and chose a pair of golden sandals and my blonde hair is tied up in a loose ponytail. I thought I had done a good job too, that is until Fiona answers the door in a very tight, very revealing little black dress. "I said sexy!" "This is the sexiest thing I own!" I mutter as she drags me inside. A tall man with shaggy brown hair stands in her living room, "Madge, this is Paul. Paul, Madge." She introduces us. There is no sign of my 'date'. "I'm sorry, Madge, but Paul's friend is just going to meet us out." "It's cool," I smile. Paul drives us out to the restaurant in town. I feel super awkward sitting in the back as the two of them converse about God knows what. Paul has a giant pick-up truck with leather interior. My dress has ridden up a little and my sweaty legs have stuck to the seat. The AC doesn't reach the back so I'm left sweating as Mr and Mrs sit in luxury. Finally we arrive at the small romantic restaurant and I think I am about to die of embarrassment as I try to swipe at the sweat on my face discreetly. We are seated in a booth for four and Paul's friend still isn't here. Just as our drinks come Paul's head shoots up and he smiles, "About time, mate." He stands and holds his hand out for his friend to shake. "Sorry I'm late," his friend mutters taking his hand. I take a sip of my white wine. I look up from my seat to see if he is as hot as Fiona had promised and freeze. Blue eyes meet grey eyes. I choke on my drink. "Gale, this is Madge." Paul says, oblivious to our shocked faces. "Madge, this is Gale." Fiona rubs my back as I continue to choke. Gale takes his seat across from me. He has a damn stupid smirk on his face. "Never thought I'd see you again, Undersee," Still using my surname, typical. "You know each other?" Fiona asks. Her eyes go wide. I cough one last time and compose myself. "We're both from District 12." I answer, my voice a little raspy from my coughing fit. "Small world," Fiona smiles, "But still, Madge was the mayor's daughter. How did she know you, Gale?" "Fiona," I mutter, scolding her. She obviously knows about Gale being from the Seam. "It's okay, Undersee," Gale winks at me and I tense up. "I used to sell her strawberries." "Strawberries?" Oh no, "But Madge, you hate -" "So, you're still in the army, huh?" I ask before this gets more uncomfortable. Gale's smile fades and I can see a strange distant look in his eyes. I know what happened with Prim and I am suddenly overcome with guilt at my careless question. It's obvious he's still in the army because he can't face Katniss. By the time I think this he's gotten his mask up and is smiling again. "I'm good at my job." He replies, "Why change now? Besides, I like District 2." "The weather, though," Paul breaks in, "Hell is colder than here. Yesterday in training was murder. I swear I have never sweat that much in my entire life." I laugh, "Try running after twenty crazy kids all day, five days a week in this heat." "What do you do?" Gale asks. I go to answer but Fiona cuts in, "We're both teachers at the elementary school. Madge has the worst though, kindergarten. Every day after the bell goes she's covered in paint." I roll my eyes, "I wasn't covered in paint, and they aren't that bad. Sometimes they get really sweet." I absentmindedly twirl my finger around the rim of my glass, thinking of the glitter covered cards I receive every week before taking a sip. We order our food. I get the lasagne, Fiona gets a salad - how that's filling I do not know – and Gale and Paul both get steaks. We talk about work and some other topics of interest. Paul and Gale talk about their work a lot and I learn that they both work in special weapons. Gale and I are pleasant enough, talking to each other and smiling. Throughout the meal, I sometimes feel his eyes on me, but when I look up he's turned away. Occasionally I sneak a glance at him. Oh God, why does he have to be so attractive? I know he hates me, has always hated me and is only being nice to me tonight for Fiona and Paul's benefit, but I can't help the old feelings I once felt raise back to the surface. If anything, Gale Hawthorne has only got more attractive. I haven't seen him for four years, since when we were underground in District 13. He's still built well with such a fit body. He has a plain black t-shirt on and I can't stop my eyes wandering over his muscles that are straining against the tight material. His arms are thick too, I can only imagine what it would be like; having his arms wrapped around my body, skin touching skin… "Madge?" I lift my head quickly, shocked that they might have caught my ogling. "Yeah?" I answer fast. Fiona smiles knowingly. Shit. "Do you want to head out for a drink after here?" I don't know if I can last much longer in Gale's presence, so I shrug. "C'mon, Madge, I'll make sure you don't get drunk." Gale chuckles and I can't help but say yes. He didn't call me by my surname after all. After my third glass of wine, I start to feel lightheaded. I do not drink very often but when I do, I don't usually have more than one glass. It is hot in the town's only club and I am extremely self-conscious that I have sweat patches under my arms and on my back. More than once I sneak off to the ladies room to check my appearance. Ever since we left the restaurant, I am acutely aware of Gale's lingering glances. When I catch him smirking at me again, I can't help the blush on my cheeks. I quickly excuse myself for the third time. Fiona raises an eyebrow and follows me to the toilets. "What's got your panties in a twist?" she asks, "Gale can't keep his eyes off you!" I sigh and check my sweat patches – which, thankfully, do not exist. Yet. "He probably finds it hilarious that I'm sweating gallons." I mutter swatting perspiration off my forehead and running my hands under the cool tap. " Poor little Mayor's daughter , he's thinking. Not so in her comfort zone now! " Fiona laughs. "Sure!" she exclaims, "That's why he has that look on his face. The "I just want to rip your clothes off, right here, right now, and fuck you on the bar" face." My mouth drops. "You're wrong." She finishes re-applying her red lipstick "Keep telling yourself that, Madge." I grumble about how she should just leave me be and follow her out of the ladies room. The guys are over by the bar and I see some red head talking to Gale. He seems distracted and I can't help feeling joyous at the fact he isn't keen on her. I swear my heart leaps when he looks up from her and smiles when he sees me walking towards them. "There you are," he murmurs pulling me into his side. I am momentarily