Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyers owns all characters! I am only borrowing them :) Possession: You Are Mine CHAPTER ONE Bellas' POV I was making Charlie's dinner and doing my homework when the phone rang. I was just figuring out one of the hardest math equations I had ever come across. My teacher is trying to turn my brain to mush. 'O kay, just one more number.' I thought as I was moving my body toward the phone. Then it stopped ringing just as I went to answer it. 'Damn!' I missed the call. Oh, well it was just Billy, Charlie's best friend. He'd call back later. It was a typical night for me waiting for him to come home so we could have another go at some of those awkward father, daughter conversation. Charlie and I were too alike for our own good. When he asked "How was school Bells?" he was comfortable with me not divulging my entire day to him from start to finish. He gladly accepted a small smile and a, " It was fine Dad." And we sat in comfortable silence, for the most part. Unless one of us would try at more of a conversation than just small talk alone. I had heard the door unlocking and looked over to the clock on the microwave to see that it was only seven-thirty. I should have had an hour before Charlie had gotten home from work. I called out to him, "Hey Dad, dinner isn't finished yet. I'll call you when it's ready. Oh! and Billy called for you. I didn't pick it up in time and he didn't leave a message so call him back before it gets too late." He didn't respond. Weird. "Dad?" I said still stirring the peppered steak with the spoon. When I turned around I saw two inhumanly beautiful people standing in the little kitchen/ dining room area. I looked at them, eyes wide with alert. 'Of all the things fucked up in my life I was about to be robbed by models.' The football player looking model spoke first in a surprisingly soft but firm voice. "We aren't going to hurt you. Just come with us and this can go as smoothly." 'S cribble out robbed insert kidnapped.' I thought, trying hard to control my panic. "Ugh, speak for yourself I have shit to do, so come on sweetie.", the blonde model said with her lips pursed and her hand sliding up one of her dangerously curved hips. I don't think it was possible for my eyes to get bigger but they did as they were just about to pop out of my sockets. I shook my head and started smelling the meat burn in the skillet. They just stood staring at me, the blonde a bit irritated. No! I wasn't going with them. This was insane. 'What have you got to lose?' My mind offered. Although I had a strong feeling that my life was on the line I stood up as straight as possible, hoping like hell I appeared unperturbed and unafraid to their Sports Illustrated-worthy forms. "If you leave now I won't call the police." I said proud of how strong my voice was despite the fact that I could shit a brick right now, I was so scared, "Charl-my father is the Chief of Police and will be home soon, so I sugg-" "Your dad is dead Bella." the curly dark-haired one spoke with his lips in a hard-line and a sympathetic look on his dimpled face. I didn't know what to do. They were obviously lying. Right? Some cruel ploy to distract me further. It worked... My body sagged into the counter and I slid down to the floor. ' Charlie was dead?!' The news made my head spin and my stomach turn. The emotions that I felt ranged from consuming grief to utter disbelief and finally to anger at the models that were trying to kidnap me in this whole situation. I was vaguely aware that the girl had went to the bear like man and hit him on the head saying something about putting me in shock. "Ow, Rosie!" He said rubbing his head. "Are you sure this is her Em'?" the beautiful Rosie said tossing her hair blonde, wavy, hair over her shoulder. "I'm pretty damn sure it is. Can't you smell her? She even smells like him , Rose." The burly looking man said with a grin in my direction. I cringed in the corner of my kitchen. Closing my eyes somehow thinking that the action would make me invisible to his grinning gaze. "Grab her and let's go then." I heard the burly "Em" say sighing. Hot tears fell down my cheeks. I felt a tight pinch in my arm and my eyes shot open for all of two seconds before darkness took over. My eyes fluttered open, looking toward the light of the window, its brightness effectively pulling me from my lingering sleep. I couldn't help but smile at the beautiful light. A truly rare day for Forks indeed. I raised up on my elbows as I began to right my thoughts of what I would wear today. Then slowly like a mystifying haze, memories started flooding my mind... that dream-' nightmare was more like it' , my thoughts admonished. It wasn't just a sick subconscious joke my mind was playing on me. 'It was real. Charlie was gone' ... I felt warm salty tears falling from my face as I remembered seeing Charlie just yesterday morning, before he went to work, me telling him to be careful and him replying "Always am Bells." I felt my heart beat harder and faster in my chest. I stayed that way sobbing for my lost father for what seemed like hours. I lifted my still fuzzy head from the pillow, while I took in my unfamiliar surroundings. ' Where the hell was I?' The room looked like a bookstore and a music store had a baby. Shelves filled with classic looking records and books alike, to the brim. If I hadn't felt so out-of-place and afraid I would have been in awe. I stood up from the comfortable bed walking over to the many titles, brushing my hands on them as I explored. I looked out at the source of all the light to see a large window that was being used as a wall. ' Not big on privacy.' My mind thought frustrated but still happy with the sunlight. I walked slowly back to the bed and sat down pulling the sheets up and over my tank top and shorts-pajama'd body. ' When did I put these on?' My brows scrunched together in thought. ' Why was I here? Did Charlie know Rose and Em'? Did anyone know my whereabouts?' The questions gave me a headache and I reached up to cradle my temples between my two palms. I heard a rustling in the sheets and looked down to find a note with BELLA written in a script so elegant I thought it was surely a font from a computer. I looked and began to read. Bella, I am so pleased to have you here after so long. I must apologize for the way you were attained. Freshen up, (there are clothes in the closet for you) and then I will come to see you. Forever, Your Love, Edward Forever? MINE?! Love? Edward. The last time I had checked I hadn't had a crush let alone a love?! That must be the "him" they said I smelled like last night, before my drug induced nap was forced upon me. I got up again and went into the bathroom as the door was open. It was gorgeous and smartly styled masculine type spa theme; with its ash grey, marble floors and counter tops. I stripped my clothes and turned the shower on. As I stepped in letting the water cascade down my hair and body I instantly felt a release of tension. As much as I wanted to relax I knew that I should be thinking of ways to escape. ' The window is out' I thought sarcastically. I began to wash myself with the strawberry scented soap, as my hand went across my fleshy globe, I grazed the taught sensitive tip and moaned a bit. I could have sworn I had heard a growl. 'Focus Bella!' I washed quickly wanting to get out as soon as possible feeling too vulnerable in the moment. I wrapped myself in one of the big fluffy towels that was lying on the counter. Walking to the closet I began to think of the monster who had kidnapped me . 'Love? Pffh HA!' People who love each other don't kidnap one another. My heart was so full of despair for Charlie and now I was some type of hostage? "This just keeps getting better and better." I huffed out my voice rough and dry from sobbing. I looked in the closet and was happy with what I had found. I put on a blue bra with yellow lace trim and matching boy shorts. I was never one for flashy clothes so I donned a loose white tank top with the buildings from New York etched on it in black and some black jeans. I went back into the bathroom and notice my bathroom bag was on the counter. ' Had it been there the whole time?' I racked my brain for answers. I brushed my teeth as I thought. I hadn't heard anyone come in. Odd. But then again what was normal about this situation? I brushed my waist length mahogany hair into a messy bun with a few abandoned pieces around my face. Deodorant, than I'm finished. As I walked out of the bathroom, I had to admit the shower helped a lot. Although I was still feeling a bit groggy, no doubt due to the syringe full of "Knock you out bitch." I went to the bed to find that it was already made up and there was a long lean figure sitting on the edge, closest to the bathroom door. My eyes widened in alert as I took in the Greek God before me. This had to be Edward. His odd shade of coppery hair screamed "Touch me!" His jaw screamed "Lick me!" His lips screamed "Kiss me!" And his eyes? Well his eyes screamed something different. In fact they weren't screaming at all, they caressed mine and held their gaze with intensity but with still softness of lust. They were the same strange color I had seen on Rose and Em'. ' Relatives perhaps?' I filed it away for further investigation later. Something told me now was not the time. ' Why not?' My mind said. Um because... was all I could come up with. 'You want to fuck him after he took you?' YES...no...YES! UGH! I don't know! I'd never felt so consumed by want. I wanted him everywhere, I needed him so bad it fucking hurt, so bad that all reason flew out the proverbial window. I was in a haze of lust. All I could see was the coppery headed God. My body stalked closer to him to close the distance before my mind could rein it in. He opened his arms to me with a crooked grin. I think I need a change of underwear. He smelled the air and growled "MINE!" as he pulled my body to his. I breathed him in. He smelled divine! Like all the best parts about Spring, sunflowers, sunshine, and honeysuckle. It was absolutely intoxicating. He then sat me on top of him still holding me in an embrace that I could revel in for all eternity. He reached up and pulled my hair out of its confined bun and it fell to my waist and as I wrapped my legs around him and I could feel his jean clad member