Return I really really wish that I owned Harry Pottter, but unfortunately I don't a/n o.k here it is you asked and I have answered the long awaited sequel to the Beast within. Yes I know it's been an eternity, but I had to work on my thesis paper and for those of you who know what one is you will understand why it took so much time to get back to this. Harry Potter was standing in front of a full length mirror evaluating himself. Today was a very special day and he wanted to look perfect. Harry was wearing a brand new dark suit that his Papa (Remus Lupin) had helped him pick out, he had used a hair straightening potion to flatten the usual rough mess on top of his head, and made sure to shower thoroughly this morning. Harry's two familiars Shakira and Sly were standing behind him giving him strange looks, Harry turned to them saying, "I can't help it I'm nervous." As Harry turned once again to look for problems a voice called from the bottom of the stairs, "Harry, come on we're going to be late!" Harry's Dad (Sirius Black) called to him, Harry had been adopted by his godfather Sirius and Sirius' partner Remus Lupin, who was Harry's former DAD professor and the werewolf who had accidentally sired Harry's own condition four years ago, last year. Harry shouted back, "I'm coming!" And turned to walk down the stairs with Shakira and Sly close behind as always, Sirius and Remus were both standing there dressed in suits, a bouquet of red roses sat at the bottom of the stairs and Harry picked them up as he walked to the floo. Harry stood there for a few minutes trying to drum up some of his Gryffindor courage so he could go through to the destination. Remus put a hand on his shoulder as Sirius put one on the other Remus spoke first, "Harry, I know this isn't easy, and if you want to wait…" Harry cut him off, "No, it has to be today." Harry picked up the floo powder and tossed it into the fire shouting the address, Harry came out in a small pup crowded with people, for once he was lucky enough not to draw attention as he walked out the door. Remus and Sirius appeared next to Harry momentarily with a loud crack of apparition. Sirius was holding Shakira in his arms while Remus held Sly. They put the animals down and followed Harry as he turned and walked down the road. Standing at the end of the street were two figures, one was tall dressed in an elegant black suit, the other was smaller and wore a dark green dress with her hair done up. Harry gave a shaky smile as he walked over and kissed his mate Serenity Snape on the cheek, "Thanks for coming both of you." Serenity said, "Of course Harry, I would never miss this." Serenity bent down and scratched both animals between the ears as a greeting then stood and hugged Harry again. Severus said, "I was surprised you asked me to come as well." Harry turned to his Potions Professor, the tow of them had hated each other during most of Harry's time at Hogwarts, but last year they had made a truce and Harry had even apprenticed himself to Severus in order to receive training in magical combat and learn about wizarding culture The two of them had become close, but this was a new step for them. Harry said, "I needed to have at least one person here who had the potential to not loose it completely. I also think you have as much of a right to be here as anyone else." Severus nodded his understanding and fell back to walk between Harry and Serenity, and Sirius and Remus. As they continued down the lane Harry turned a corner to find Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger waiting for them. Harry embraced them both and thanked them for coming then took a deep steadying breath and turned back to his parents, "where are they?" No clarification was needed, Sirius pointed, "straight down on the left when you go in just keep walking forward they're right in the center." Harry swallowed hard as he nodded and began walking again. Harry knew the group of them must make such a strange sight, but he couldn't be bothered to worry about it. Harry felt like he was walking through mud as he continued down the street which now seemed never ending. Finally, he turned and entered the graveyard they had come to visit. Harry kept walking clutching the roses in his hand and feeling the thorns cutting into his palms. Shakira and Sly trotted up to him whining and rubbed his calves with their noses in a practiced gesture. Harry relaxed a little until he got to the headstone which read: James Edward Potter Born 27 March 1960 Died 31 October 1980 Prongs Beloved Husband and father Marauders forever Next to the inscription was another one: Lily Marie Evans-Potter Born 30 January 1960 Died 31 October 1980 Beloved wife and mother May the angels lead you into paradise. At the bottom was the line The Last Enemy That Shall Be Destroyed Is Death (Rowling, 2007, p. 328) Harry felt his knees give out as he sank to the ground. Harry felt as though someone had punched him in the stomach, he had always known his parents were dead, but seeing this somehow made it feel like he had learnt he was an orphan all over again. Harry sat there for a while feeling sticks and dirt digging into his knees and not caring. Harry felt so many things at once he didn't know what to do, he was angry, he was sad, he was confused, he was devastated. After a few moments Sirius put his hands on his sons shoulder and said, "Let it out, Harry there is no right and no wrong way to deal with this, just let it go and do what feels right to you." As though those words were some kind of switch Harry instantly burst into tears as a loud scream broke out of his mouth. Harry shouted, he didn't use any words he just shouted, finally something came through, "I hate you, I hate you! Why did you have to leave me alone? Come back, please come back." Harry started sobbing as his parents wrapped him in a hug, soon several other pairs of arms joined him and for a long time Harry sat there crying being held by his family. Eventually Harry turned to his dad's and asked the question he'd been wondering his entire life, "Why did they have to die?" Sirius and Remus were both in tears, Remus answered first, "I don't know Harry, I just don't know." Harry leaned back into his parents and just sat there starring at the headstone as though it could somehow answer his questions or help him understand the confusion he had just been hit with. Harry had thought he was ready for this, but seeing the gravestone somehow made everything seem more real, Harry had always know his parents were dead and he had given up the hope that someone had made some kind of mistake and his parents would come knocking on the door one day years ago. However, seeing their names etched in stone right now made Harry realize how truly permanent his situation was. Yes, things had gotten better, he was away from the Dursley family he'd been adopted by two men who loved him like crazy, and Voldemort was dead. However, Harry couldn't help feeling different from everyone else as he starred at gravestone in front of him. Harry sat there until his knees started to go nub, then he turned to his mother and father and said, "I miss you both so much. I'm happy with Dad and Papa and I know things will be better now, but I can't help wondering 'what if' I use to ask myself that question at the Dursley's house a lot I even use to fantasize about you coming to get me. It was always the same fantasy, I'd be scrubbing the kitchen floor on my hands and knees. My nose would be running from the smell of the cleanser and my legs and back would be sore then the bell would ring and I'd get up to answer it and there you'd be." Harry paused starring off into space as though he could see his parent in front of him, "You'd tell me that you were sorry you had to go away for so long, but you would do whatever you had to do to make it up to me. Then I'd get my things and we would leave together. Sometimes it seemed so real, I'd wake up at Privet Drive and wonder why I was still there and where you had gone." Harry carefully placed the flowers on the grave saying, "I wish we'd had more time together, that I could have really gotten to know the two of you and you could have gotten to know me as well. It's not fair." Sirius said, "No it isn't" Harry looked at the last line saying, "What about that last line? It sounds like something death eaters say." Remus shook his head, "It doesn't mean living forever, it means having your memory and all that you are live on after death." Harry nodded, they all stood there for a while, finally Harry turned and started walking down the road, Sirius said, "You go straight down and turn right in two blocks." Harry nodded and continued walking after a while he saw a large obelisk standing as a war memorial, then he stepped closer and gasped. The war memorial was gone, it was now a statue of three people. James and Lily Potter were sitting with baby Harry held securely in Lily's arms. Harry starred at it in confusion, he never knew there was a memorial, he wasn't sure how he felt about it. Somehow it felt wrong to him for there to be a memorial just for him and his family, but not for anyone else. Neville had lost just as much to Voldemort as Harry and so had Molly Weasley, whose family the Prewits had been killed, and many others. Harry starred at the statue of himself as a baby looking safe and happy with no scar on his face. Finally Harry turned and started walking back the way he'd been going. After a while they came to the house Harry had been looking for. The house was covered in ivy, the house was surrounded by hedges and waist high grass. The right side of the floor had been blown apart and Harry knew that was where the curse had backfired that night, there was a sign in front, 'on this spot, on the night of 31 October 1981, Lily and James Potter lost their lives. Their son Harry remains the only wizard ever to have survived the Killing curse. This house, invisible to Muggles, has been left in its ruined state as a monument to the Potters and as a reminder of the violence that tore apart their family' (Rowling, 2007, p.332-333). Several people had written across it 'good luck Harry' 'Give the Dark Lord a good one for me' Hermione said, "They shouldn't have written on that." Harry shook his head, "I like it, and I think they would have liked it as well." Harry sighed heavily as he looked at the house and for a moment let himself wonder 'what if?' Harry tried to picture living in that house and growing up with his parents. Harry closed his eyes and imagined waking up in a room with pictures of him and his parents on the walls and old toys or stuffed