Infinity Chapter 1 Rating: M (for language) Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters or plots. Cassie belongs to me. So this is my first Twilight fanfic here. I'm so excited! I recently got back into Twilight , and a certain Volturi tracker got my attention ;) So, here's the fanfic I literally came up with out of nowhere. Enjoy! Madness by Muse hummed like a lullaby from my phone, echoing in my silent car. I was driving but did I care? Hell, no. I picked up my phone and didn't bother looking at the caller ID. "Yeees?" I asked, dragging out the word. " Cassie…Cassie, it's Alice ," came the frantic voice on the other end. "Oh, hey, Alice, long time no talk. It's been a—" " There's no time to catch up !" she interrupted me, quite rudely, may I add, but because she sounded desperate I let it slide. "What's got you strung higher than a…something?" I said, fumbling with whatever the old saying was. " Seriously, Cassie, " Alice said, almost pleading now. "Okay, okay, just tell me what's going on." I glanced in my mirror to see if anyone was coming up behind me on the quiet road, before turning onto an intersecting road leading to some town called North Falls. " I saw a vision. " "Yeah, well, you see visions all the time," I told her, glancing in my rearview mirror as I saw a car coming up behind me. The sun had set and had I been a human instead of a vampire, I would have worried about having another car on the road with me with darkness approaching. " It was about you. " "That makes it only slightly more interesting. If you saw me killing a human, then you don't have to worry about it. I've never once thought about killing a human, I'm too empathic for my own good," I said, narrowing my eyes as the headlights drew closer. I had a serious thing against killing humans, and I wasn't going to be pleased if I had to do something to this poor chap who thought he could come up on me and attack me on a lonely road. " The Volturi are after you. " Now that was a game changer. My voice clogged in my throat, but it wasn't like I knew what to say anyways. What could I say? Oh, good, I'm going to be paid a visit by some ancient vampires. Nah, humor wasn't exactly the road to go with on this one. But I hadn't broken any rules…I was distracted for a moment by the headlights veering to the other side of the road, and then the car was speeding past me. My vampire vision allowed me to see that the guy in the car shot me a fleeting glance as he raced past. He probably memorized my license plates, but it was his funeral if he decided he wanted to try something funny later. " Cassie? " "I'm here." " Where are you? " Alice asked next. "Shouldn't you know that?" I asked, spotting a house up ahead. At least I was coming to civilization now. " I know where they'll find you if you don't act and change your future, " Alice said. "And where's that?" I asked as more houses appeared alongside the road. I had lost sight of the guy who'd raced ahead of me, but there was another car coming in from behind now. " Some place called North Falls. I looked it up, and there's one in New York and last I checked you were in New York, " Alice said. If I were still human, that would have sent chills up and down my spine, but instead it halted my unnecessary breathing. "Um, yeah, I kind of just entered that town," I said softly. " You need to get out of there! " snapped Alice. " Aro wants you for your power, Edward read his mind! " "Well that would have been nice to know!" I all but shrieked. "I thought I'd somehow managed to break a rule and they were coming to destroy me!" " Cassie, you need to get out of North Falls. Go to some remote place, just hide away for a little while, " Alice said. She then hissed. " Damn it, that's not going to work. They're sending Demetri after you, the vision has changed. " "Last I checked, I've never met Demetri, and his power centers around finding people he's been in contact with," I said, pulling over into a small, discreet motel. The sun was completely gone now, so I wasn't at risk of glittering like a diamond for everyone to gawk at and then run away screaming from. " Edward knows you. Edward went to Volterra, and Demetri was in the room with us when Bella came to save Edward from getting himself killed and then Aro became aware of you. Demetri picked up on your trail from Edward. He can track you anywhere now. " My blood would have run cold if I had any left. Demetri, the world's most powerful tracker, could track me now. Thanks, Eduardo, this is the best present you could have ever given me, I thought wryly. I didn't even ask about who this Bella girl was that Alice mentioned, I was so panicked by what she said. "That's just so fucking wonderful," I said humorlessly as I got out of my car. I had a suitcase full of stuff that I dragged around with me, to make it look more authentic that I was a woman traveling the country, and lugged it out of my trunk to bring in with me. " Are you still driving? " Alice asked urgently. "No, I stopped to stay the night at a motel," I answered. There was a pause on the other end of the line, and I wondered if I had left Alice at a loss for words. It wasn't often you heard about a vampire spending the night at a place meant for sleeping and holing up while you stayed in a place for the time being. Vampires don't need sleep, and yet I was going to stay where people expected you were going to sleep. " Cassie. " Alice sounded annoyed. Maybe she was having a bad day and hoped to end it by doing some sort of public service shit by helping me avoid the Volturi. "What?" I asked innocently, entering the motel with my suitcase and phone shoved between my ear and shoulder. The attendant – a dude with a very small and pathetic ponytail – looked up as I entered and stared, mesmerized by me. I ignored his staring to pull a wad of cash out of my pocket, to pay in advance for my stay here. " Usually you'd be reacting immediately to one of my visions, especially if it concerned something even remotely like the Volturi, " Alice said. The guy looked at me curiously, and I held out the cash. "That's enough for a two-night stay, plus a little extra you can keep for yourself," I told him. " You are not staying at a motel! " I ignored Alice for a moment, watching the guy nod and take the money. He ducked behind the counter to search for a room key to give me, and probably to see if he even had a room. This motel seemed like it was fairly busy, for a motel, at least. " Cassidy Leigh Daniels! Do not ignore me right now! " The guy straightened up and held out a room key, which I took, being careful not to brush my fingers against his. Being touched by an ice-cold vampire would be a bit of a shock for him, and based on the expression he currently wore, he didn't need that kind of shock. He'd probably have a heart attack, even if he didn't look much older than twenty-one. I gave the guy a tight-lipped smile, turned, and left the lobby area, heading back outside to search for my room which was apparently Room 41. " Cassie! " Alice roared on her end of the line. "What?" I asked snappishly. " Please, please, please consider leaving North Falls! I don't want to see you enslaved by the Volturi! " Alice pleaded, sounding very desperate. "There is no way I can be enslaved by the Volturi," I reassured her. "I'm always perfectly aware of anyone and everyone's intentions around me, even if I can't see visions like you can, and that awareness lets me be resistant to some vampires' powers." " The Volturi only takes the best, " Alice reminded me. " They won't have just anyone forcing you to join them. There's a reason they're sending Demetri, and Felix, too. " "Fuck, they're sending Felix too?!" I hissed, managing to keep my voice down despite the spike in my emotions. I was irritated, frustrated, and afraid all at once. " I thought I mentioned that, " Alice said innocently, mocking my earlier tone. "Now is not the time to mock me!" I said, finding my room and swiftly unlocking it before entering. "Time is of the essence! When are they going to be here?" " Less than two days. That should give you enough time to start moving to some other location, or at least start heading towards us and we could meet you somewhere, " Alice said. "No," I told her firmly, "I'm not dragging you guys into this. Like you said, you've already had a recent run-in with the Volturi. You don't need to become involved with them so soon again." I tossed my suitcase onto the small sofa facing the TV. Most of my night would probably be spent in front of that TV, since I don't sleep. " Are you sure? " Alice whispered. "I'm sure," I said. "This involves only me. It's unnecessary for you guys to get yourselves into trouble." Alice hesitated on the other end, before she spoke, " Promise you'll leave tomorrow morning? " "I already paid the guy for a two-night stay…" " Cassidy! " "Alright, alright! I'll leave tomorrow, if that'll make you happy," I relented. Alice sighed. " Thank you. I feel better knowing you're not going to stay there like a sitting duck. " "I pretty much am a sitting duck even if I'm on the road," I grumbled. " Well…yeah, pretty much, but at least you're not just sitting there waiting for them to come to you, " Alice said. "True," I admitted. I plopped down onto the couch and turned on the TV, automatically turning to channel surfing to find something decent to watch. I could hear Alice talking to someone on her side of the line, but I ignored what she was saying in favor of settling on watching the news. " Cassie? " Alice returned less than a minute later. "Yeah?" " Be safe, okay? Call me tomorrow when you're on your way out of North Falls, " Alice said. "Alright," I agreed. "I'll be sure to let you know." " Make sure you do. Bye, Cassie, " Alice said. "Bye, Alice." The line went dead as soon as I uttered the words, and I tucked my phone into my jacket pocket. This is going to be an interesting few days… I thought. The good thing about New York was the terrible weather it had. Even in late May the weather was crap and it was rainy when dawn broke. The clouds didn't look like they were going to relent anytime soon, but I still piled on the layers to make sure as little of my skin was exposed as possible in case the sun decided it wanted to make an appearance. It wasn't the same dude that was there last night. Instead it was a different guy, a