Morning Glories Disclaimer: I do not own LOTR, but I do own this fanfic and my OC Yáviën A/N: For my mother, who always told me to embrace who I am and to follow my dreams instead of doing what others told me to do while staying true to my beliefs and inner goodness. Happy (Very Belated) Mother's Day. 'These are thoughts' "This is talking in Sindarin" "This is normal talking"-just to make it clear. One Night, with the Fellowship Yáviën sat on the hard ground, gazing up at the sky peppered with twinkling stars while playing with her necklace. Her hair was down to frame her face, the dark tresses accentuating her grey-blue eyes. Her countenance was stony and grim, as if she were reminiscing difficult or painful memories. "What troubles you, mellon?" A deep voice queried beside her. The elleth craned her neck to look at Legolas approaching her right side, sitting down to stargaze with her. "Nothing. I just keep remembering Naneth for some reason-ever since I explained to Bilbo why my flowers are so important to me." She replied in their native language, resting her elbows on her knees. The blonde looked at her for a moment and sighed, leaning in closer to her. "Speaking honestly, I have been thinking of my Naneth for some time as well, perhaps since this journey started. Maybe it is because so much depends on the success of our quest, and we could very well perish before seeing its completion. Mothers always seem to know how to best comfort their children." "Mmm..." Yáviën hummed, her silvery-azure irises flicking to her childhood friend. "Do you remember how I first became a warrior?" Legolas chuckled, locking eyes with her. "Indeed. We were but elflings when you declared to everyone you came across that you would become the strongest warrior on Arda instead of a primped and proper Lady stuck in her homeland." A surprised laugh escaped the she-elf beside him. "Did I really phrase it in such a way? I don't recall saying it like that." The Prince of Mirkwood grinned. "Well, you at least said it that way when you were visiting me in Mirkwood." Yáviën smiled back, placing her chin in her upturned palms. "Dear Eru, I was simply so eager to break free of my dull mundane life-one not bound by rules, propriety and duty. Thank the Valar Naneth was on my side. I...if she had not supported me and my dream, then I do not think I would have ever ventured out of Imladris or learned to fight when I did." Legolas nudged her arm playfully. "Fortunately, she did." "Yes..." The she-elf trailed off, remembering how the events had played out so long ago. In Imladris, TA 2961 "Naneth! Naneth! H-help me!" A little voice filled the corridors with its high-pitched squeals and labored breathing. A lovely elven maiden with hair that looked like it was spun from gold and deep blue eyes that glittered prettier than the ocean turned in surprise. Her shimmering silver gown flowed around her from the sudden movements as a tiny body collided with her legs, quickly maneuvering to cower behind her. The elfling was beginning to worry her with her ragged breaths and on top of the fact that her body was already so frail and scrawny. A rather infuriated-looking Merenwen stormed down the hall, soon coming to an abrupt halt with cheeks that were flushed red. "Child, you are not strong enough to go running off like this! Get back into the room and finish your lessons like a proper-" Her angered expression soon turned into one of submission and shame, swiftly curtsying to the beautiful female elf as she seemed to attempt to calm herself by inhaling the freshness of Rivendell's air, which was mingled with flora and the coolness of the waterfalls. "Lady Celebrían! My apologies, but your daughter ran out in the midst of her sewing lessons!" Celebrían smiled, bringing forth a sort of radiance no one could help but awe at. Craning her neck, she looked at her side where a child with wide, daring grey-blue eyes and long wild dark hair hid, clutching at the fabric of her dress. Her little face was flushed with scarlet. "Yáviën, iell nin, why did you run? Are you alright?" Her voice was so smooth and melodic that the child Yavien felt herself calm slightly at her mother's gentle tone, despite the obvious concern in her words. "I-*pant*-I'm fine! It's so *pant* boring! And I'm horrible at e-everything! I'm not meant to be a Lady of Rivendell, I want to be a...a warrior!" "My Lady, you are of royal blood! Of course you were meant to-" Merenwen began, only for Celebrían to lift a slender hand to silence her. "I will take care of this, thank you Merenwen. You may take a rest if you wish, for right now I do not think continuing Yavien's lessons is the proper approach to this problem." The soothing, flowing voice of the ethereal elleth caused the tenseness in Merenwen's face to slacken. "Very well, my Lady. If that is what you wish." Turning on her heels, the she-elf left the premises with her auburn brown hair flowing behind her. Celebrían craned her neck to stare down at her youngest child with a gentle, knowing smile. "Let us go somewhere more private, iellig. I wish to speak with you alone." Taking her words the wrong way, Yáviën hunched up her shoulders and scowled defiantly. "I'm not going to apologize! It's not fair that I have to have all of these stupid lessons! I don't want to be a Lady!" Celebrían chuckled, glancing down at her beloved daughter as they started walking to a secluded location hand-in-hand, where there was a stone bench positioned before a rippling pond. "No, my dearest one, I understand your thoughts and opinions. This is a talk that no one else is privy to." She replied, seating herself and her daughter on the bench. Yáviën frowned at her angelic-looking mother with immense bemusement. "Why? Aren't I in trouble?" Celebrían smiled at hearing her child's naturally higher pitched voice. It was like music to her ears, to hear her lovely, adorable voice. "No, iellig. I know what you are going through. A long time ago, I was the same as you." Yáviën's grey-blue eyes grew as wide as saucers at her mother's confession. "You...were? But you're so..." Her cherubic face scrunched while she searched for the proper words. "Ladylike. And dip-dip...dipla-" "Diplomatic," The golden-haired she-elf corrected as the elfling nodded. "I know. But when I was much younger, I was full of so much energy and excitement. I wanted to travel, to visit everywhere and meet everyone. I even wished to partake in battles." "So what happened? Why don't you do that now?" The dark-haired elleth queried, peering up curiously at her beloved mother that now seemed so enigmatic. Celebrían sighed, gazing wistfully at the pond. "I am an only child, and daughter to two of the wisest, most powerful elves to have come to Middle Earth. I later realized that I had duties I could not run from, and resigned myself to my fate." Yáviën huffed, kicking her little feet in the air. "What does it matter? Duties and lessons and propriety are dumb!" Celebrían laughed, a sort of warm tinkling melody that could bring a smile to any person, no matter how gruff. "Yes, I must agree with that. But you do not have the same issues, my dear. You are the youngest, and least likely to take the throne of Imladris. Follow your heart and do what you love." The child stared at her, dumbfounded. "R...really? I...I don't have to take sewing lessons or balance practice or always talk like Merenwen?" The blonde she-elf sent her an amused gaze. "Well...those are still necessary. For you see, even if you were to become a warrior, you must learn how to sew in order to stitch wounds, possibly your own. You must have exceptional balance in a fight or fleeing. And speaking in a more neutral tone lets you get by many things you normally would not." Despite acknowledging their importance, the brunette elfling scowled. Then her Naneth leaned closer and whispered, "Well, perhaps you do not need to commit yourself as much." The little elfling could no longer contain herself and sprung out of her seat, hopping up and down on her feet in such jubilation that the Lady of both Imladris and Lorien beamed, soon receiving a crushing hug from her beloved daughter. "Hannon le Naneth! Hannon le! Just wait 'till I tell Arwen! She'll be sooo jealous!" She snickered, giggling evilly to herself. Celebrían gazed at her youngest child with fondness, happy to know that her daughter, at least, could follow whatever path she wished. TA 364 The Lady of Imladris and Lorien sat in her quarters reading one of her most favored books, smiling softly at not the ink on the pages, but the sound of her children laughing and playing outside, the sounds traveling with the wind through her window and her chair positioned before it. "Take that!" She heard Yáviën cry, taking a jab at Elrohir with a wooden sword (though it did imitate a genuine one quite well), who was carefully and gently retaliating against his much younger sibling. "Ha! You will have to do better than that, muinthel nin!" The ellon smirked, parrying her blows. Yavien, now ten years old, swerved away from a horizontal swipe and attempted to hit his legs. "You just watch and see! I'll have you on your knees and begging for mercy!" Celebrían chuckled from inside her room, amused but also proud of the determination her youngest child possessed, glancing up from the pages bound in leather on her lap to her children that were sparring. *thwack* "Ow! That actually hurt a bit, Yávi!" "That's the point, right?" "Well..." The elfling huffed, her chubby little cheeks blooming crimson as she sidestepped a jab. "Stop confusing me, toron-nin! Isn't the reason why you're teaching me to fight with a sword to hurt the bad guys and kill them? I want to be a warrior and kill bad things!" Elrohir scratched the back of his head, his leg that his little sister managed to hit already healing. "Well, I suppose that is a rather big part of being a warrior..." Yáviën groaned, appearing overall confused and exasperated. "What? You mean there's more than just killing things? I thought-" "Lady Yáviën! I tire of this cycle, my Lady! You must return and finish your lessons regarding eloquence and mannerisms! Then you must have your history lessons and practice in politics!" The agitated voice of Merenwen echoed through the halls and towards the vast open yard where Elrohir and the trouble-making elfling were sparring. They'd decided that the sparring arena would be far too obvious for people to find them, so they opted for a less conspicuous location. Celebrían, who had been observing the entire time, remained seated. Her daughter still required her lessons, after all. She needed every advantage she could get. Of course, just then a lovely dark-haired elleth with features similar to Elrohir and Yáviën blocked Merenwen's path, smiling at her innocently with silvery grey eyes that shone with knowledge. "Oh, good afternoon Merenwen. If you are looking for Yávi then I do believe I saw her heading towards the sparring arena in the opposite direction. She was muttering something about finally beating Elladan in close combat." Her voice, which flowed like a river, had the maid convinced within seconds. The light-brown haired servant sighed, throwing her hands up in the air out of sheer frustration. "I have told her countless times that battle does not fit a Lady! Hannon le, Lady Arwen. I must go and reign in that wily elfling." When she was completely out of range, Arwen approached Elrohir and Yáviën with a proud grin.