Title: The Value of Education Author: Carrie (CapriceAnn Hedican-Kocur) Rating: R , most likely it is PWP, Lime Characters: Haldir/Lindariel (OFC), Rumil, Orophin, Erestor. Mostly told from Haldir's POV. Disclaimer: I don't own anything other than the computer that I typed this vignette with. Any and most definitely ALL pop culture references are intended. If you want to see pictures of the costumes mentioned in this story, just email me and I will send them to you. I also do not own ANY of the characters I reference to. You will know which ones I mean. This is all meant in good fun, and I did not intend to write a completely canon story. I do not have the knowledge for that. Please Read & Review this, but please no flames. Notes: This is my first LotR fic, so please be kind to me. I am still not sure that I got anything right, but as this is probably mostly smut, I do not believe that characterizations really matter. I really had a tough time picking a title for this from the list, because, hopefully, you will see that several fit. The title I chose mainly represents the last third of this story. This fic was an answer to a challenge on the JulieFiannaArchive on Yahoo Groups. Betas: will be added in AFTER they return the corrected story to me! You know who you are! The Value Of Education It is not enough to conquer; one must know how to seduce - Voltaire .X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X.X. . . Why was I here? I couldn't remember the exact moment that I lost control of my own life, but that appears to be exactly what happened. The last thing that I clearly remember was the Lady asking my brothers and I to be her representatives at a masquerade ball in Imladris. Before I could put up the token protest, my brothers had agreed and we were on our way. We only had a few more hours to our journey, and I still had not really spoken to my brothers. But it was time to. Besides, since I had allowed them to make all the arrangements, I was quite apprehensive as to what kind of costume they would have me dressed in. I really did not want to go as an orc but I was afraid that is what they would have me go as. I, the March Warden, was afraid of my younger brothers. It was a laughable idea, but it was the unvarnished truth. "Rumil, what was so important about this trip that you had to accept before I could?" I asked. Before Rumil could respond, my other brother spoke for him. "Well, we had heard from the Twins about the ball recently. It is a Coming of Age ball, and, as the elleth in question is rather fond of masquerades, they decided to have the ball in this manner in her honour." Orophin said rather smugly. "Now what is the real reason you two wanted to come? And why could you have not come by yourselves? Why did you have to drag me along? And what, by Valar, am I supposed to be going as because I can already see you two going as Tweedle-Dee and Tweedle-Dumb?" I questioned. "Elladan and Elrohir said she was very pretty." Rumil confessed. "Ah, now I see." I said as we lapsed back into silence. Four hours later we were welcomed into Lord Elrond's house, and escorted to the suite of rooms we would be using. I noticed it was across the hall from the Twins' room. At least if my brothers got too annoying I could always kick them across the hall. "Rumil, you never did tell me what our costumes were?" I again tried asking my brother that question. "Well, Orophin and I are going as Fred and George Weasley." Rumil said. "Who?" I had to ask, getting more scared by the minute about my own costume. "Fred and George Weasley, you know the twins from the Harry Potter books." Orophin butted in. "You two read far too much human literature. You still haven't told me what my costume is." I prodded again. "Well, you see," Rumil hesitated before handing me a bag. "Here is your costume." He said as both Orophin and he ran out the door and presumably to safety. This made me fear all the more what could possibly be inside this bag that was now in my hands. I was now convinced it was something along the lines of an orc or even Sauron himself. Although, how one would go about dressing up as a giant burning eye was beyond my comprehension at the moment. I sat down on my bed and carefully opened the bag. I pulled out a ragged pair of leather boots, a ratty pair of vambraces, a torn up yellow vest-like shirt, and the most threadbare pair of leather pants I had ever laid eyes upon. And I had viewed plenty of pants in my 3000 plus years. I couldn't begin to imagine what these scraps of cloth represented in the way of a costume when I heard a noise from the doorway. "Oh, I see your brothers gave you that costume." Erestor said from the doorway. "So who am I supposed to be in this costume?" I asked. "A character from the fables of man called Hercules. I believe the tale starts out something like this, a time of myth and legend. When the ancient gods were petty and cruel, and they plagued mankind with suffering, only one man dared to challenge their power, Hercules. Hercules possessed a strength the world had never seen. A strength surpassed only by the power of his heart. He journeyed the Earth battling the minions of his wicked stepmother, Hera, the all-powerful queen of the gods. But wherever there was evil, wherever the innocent would suffer, there would be Hercules! " Erestor recited. "Well, he doesn't sound too bad, but why does the costume have too be so badly worn?" I asked him. "At least you didn't lose a bet with Legolas." Erestor told me. "Why, what is he making you wear?" I asked, suddenly thankful my brothers weren't anything like Legolas. "I am supposed to be this crazy pirate that wears kohl liner on the eyes and beads in his hair along with several pieces of jewelry. I believe Legolas said the character's name was Jack Sparrow." He told me. "That's CAPTAIN Jack Sparrow!" We heard Legolas say from the hallway as he passed my room. "I stand corrected." Erestor snickered behind his hand. I couldn't help laughing either. "So what is the princeling going to the ball as?" I asked. "Another pirate, I believe he said was named Will Turner." He answered. "Who else has already picked out their costumes?" I questioned. "The only other one I know for sure is that Glorfindel is going as some author by the name of Fabio." He added. "I guess I will just have to wait until the ball to find out anymore." I said as we both made to get up and leave the room. several hours later…. "Hurry up, Haldir. The party is about to begin, and we do not want to miss her entrance into Elven society." Orophin pleaded. "Have you even found out this elf maiden's name yet?" I asked. "Yes, her name is Lindariel, and from what Elladan and Elrohir say she is as beautiful as her name." He waxed poetically. "Well, if you are about done talking about her, I have been ready to go for several minutes." I said as I took in his costume of a maroon and gold stripe shirt, khaki pants, some type of leather arm and shin covers, gloves and a broom. "What kind of costume is that?" I asked as we started to make our way to the Great Hall where the ball would take place. "This is a Quidditch uniform, and I told you that I was going as Fred and he's going as George." Orophin stated as he pointed to Rumil who had just met up with us, and was wearing an identical costume. "Don't listen to him. I'm Fred and he is George." Rumil contradicted our brother. I just shook my head at their antics as we made our way into the Great Hall. The sight that greeted us looked on the verge of chaos, but was in actuality one of carefully planned choreography. To the trained eye, everyone was where he or she was supposed to be. It was at this point when I noticed Lord Elrond and his sons, Elladan and Elrohir. At least, I hoped it was them. Lord Elrond appeared to be wearing what men would refer to as a black suit and tie. He was also wearing dark spectacles and had his long hair pulled into a severe band at the base of his neck. The Twins appeared to be wearing the complete opposite. They were dressed in all white, with a long white coat, and dark glasses. They had even powdered their hair until it was completely white as well. It was at this point when I noticed that Lord Elrond's Herald had moved into his position by the door. "The Lady Lindariel, daughter of Nithron and Aeroniel." He announced as the lady in question was escorted into the room with both of her parents. I was floored by the vision that walked into the room. She was not as tall as most elves and had long dark hair, but that wasn't what stunned me. The surprise was her costume. She was wearing this see-through robe with what looked like sandals and a corset and panties underneath. I couldn't imagine my daughter, when I had one, EVER being allowed to wear something like that. The next couple of hours passed in a blur for me as my gaze constantly followed Lindariel around the room without ever having asked her dance. "Why don't you quit staring, and actually ask her to dance with you, Haldir." Erestor said from behind me. "You realize your costumes are somewhat related do you not?" "What do you mean, related?" I asked still not moving towards her to ask her to dance. "Well, your outfit, as we already discussed, is Hercules. Her costume is of the Goddess Aphrodite." Erestor explained. "Fine, if it will shut you up, I will ask her." I said as I made my way through the crowd to my destination. Luckily, Lindariel had just finished dancing with Rumil when I interrupted them. "May I cut in, Rumil?" "Sure." Rumil said to me as he turned towards Lindariel. "Lin, this is my brother Haldir. He is the one that taught me to dance." He said as he smirked and placed her hand in mine. "If you taught him to dance, then I am afraid. He stepped on my toes a few times." She said lightly as we started to dance. "He neglected to mention that we were elflings that had not even reached our majority yet when I attempted to teach him. I have gotten much better since then." I smiled down at her and realized that her smile reached her eyes and she was laughing at me. "So you are the feared March Warden of Lorien. When we heard you were coming to my party, I was excited. I wanted to meet you." She admitted shyly. "You did?" I asked. At her slight nod, I continued. "Why did you want to meet me?" I asked, trying not to concentrate on the fact that she was wearing next to nothing, and it was starting to affect me. "The way the ladies gossip about you, I wanted to see if any of the rumours were true." She admitted. "What rumours?" I asked genuinely curious now as the dance ended and I led her out onto the terrace for a much-needed breath of cool