Disclaimer- I do not own Harry Potter or its characters, JKR does… This is going to be a regular time travel story, but it will be believable unlike many other stories I read which I found unbelievable, over-exaggerated and discontinued. Like soul-bond, inheriting skills they owned in the future etc. But in this story there will be none of it, but planned events and fun. And this fanfiction will have Harry/Hermione pairing, but it will not be rushed into romance and it will not happen until the end of third year. If you are against Harry/Hermione pairing please don't read this and there will be Weasley bashing and minor Dumbledore bashing but eventual truce. I know there are a lot of stories like this but please don't judge me from this because I am writing this from my personal view. December (2011)- Harry potter, the boy-who-lived, the chosen-one, the one-who-vanquished-the-dark-lord, he had many titles, but none of which suited him even remotely. Harry Potter was returning to London for this year's Christmas after another rough year of hunting. It's been thirteen years since Voldemort's downfall, now Harry James Potter was nothing but a shell of his former self. 'Voldemort's downfall' an event that marked as the beginning of a new life, it seemed so far away like it happened a lifetime ago. After finishing his final year in Hogwarts following Voldemort's death, he became an Auror almost immediately. He was so driven to bring justice to all those people who suffered under Voldemort's reign and he satisfied his drive by hunting former Death-Eaters who were on the run. Harry Potter was no pushover; he was a person who wasn't to be trifled with. He has destroyed many Werewolves' Dens and has killed at least a few dozens of the bloodthirsty ones by himself. Werewolf wasn't the only creature he hunted, he has decimated many giants and their colonies, so many were introduced to his wrath that their very kind was on the verge of extinction. He modified his Patronus charm, so that it could kill or fatally wound Dementors not to just scare them away and many individual Vampires who supported Voldemort's cause suffered by his hand. Death Eaters were entirely another issue, because after Voldemort's fall many fled the country and the remaining went into hiding, many Death Eaters who survived the battle of Hogwarts had a good reason not to come back. He hunted the most dangerous ones by tracking them and he even went to other countries to continue his hunt, as a result only very few former-Death Eaters are still alive. To the general populace of magical Britain, Harry Potter was an 'Investigative Auror' who travelled around the world investigating and hunting former-Death Eaters and many other Dark creatures, which directly or indirectly posed a threat to the society, to them he was hero. But only he knew, of all the things he sacrificed to willingly face danger every day, all in an effort to keep the general public safe. Harry Potter was a very famous writer, he wrote detailed books about his travels and hunting trips regarding Vampires, Werewolves, Dementors and Giants and surprisingly all of his books were best-sellers when he eventually published them. Honestly he didn't know if it was his fame or his crude way of writing that made his publications a huge success. He barely ever came home after his work, it's been three years since the last time he visited London, because he spent most of his time in other countries immersed into his work. During the thirteen years away from home, he wasn't in any way idle. He attained Mastery in Legilimency, Occulumency, Alchemy, Arithmancy, Potions and Ancient Runes. He also conducted detailed studies and researches on Dragons, Basilisks, Graphorns, Chimaeras and Phoenixes and he successfully published study papers on all of them too. His research on dangerous creatures like Chimaeras, Graphorns and Basilisks acquired him the title of 'professorial research fellow' the equivalent of Professor in the wizarding world. With all his achievements, he was currently working on developing a much stronger form of Wolfsbane potion that would make a lycanthropy afflicted victim to think rationally and to give complete control of the victim's mind during werewolf transformation and induce a partial reverse transformation. He worked in all these fields to prove that he was worthy of his fame, which he enticed due to the continuous adventurous events in his early life. And most importantly he became a master duellist, so talented and specialized that he was sure that he can give Voldemort and Dumbledore a run for their money at his current skill level. One may ask why he would consider Dumbledore as an opponent despite all the things the man had done for him. If asked, his answer would put lowlifes with a foul mouth to shame. He developed a deep repugnance towards Dumbledore's methods for all the manipulations and planning Dumbledore did for him during the Horcrux hunt due to its inefficacy and cost of life. He just wished that he knew the key details of Voldemort's secrets and then he surely could have saved the lives of hundreds maybe thousands who all died in vain for a mad man's dream. He later found out that Dumbledore orchestrated everything in his entire life, meeting the Weasleys and most of the events in Hogwarts were all planned by the old manipulative headmaster. To his detesting surprise he even found that Dumbledore made a marriage contract with the help of the Weasley matriarch regarding him and Ginny and that led him to believe that even his meeting with Ginny was planned. Everything in his life was a grand illusion where he was abandoned to find the reason for his own existence. All of this knowledge brought out an uncontrollable rage, which he effectively channelled to keep his deep longing and sadness suppressed after his break up with Ginny. When he found out that Molly was helping Ginny use Confusing Concoctions, Twilight Moonbeams and Compulsion charms on him to keep him interested in her. That was the most concealed betrayal that urged him to lose all of his compassion and faith in people, because he found out that Molly Weasley only tried to set him up with Ginny, because their affiliation with Ancient House of Potter will be helpful in making Weasley family a Noble House. Surprisingly, Percy was the one who predicted and speculated all of this and explained it to him without spinning the truth. And this turned out to be one of the reasons why Percy moved away from the Burrows just as soon as he got his job in the ministry. Finally when he had clarity in his mind, a refreshing effect which was the result of flushing away all the potions from his system and overcoming the charms placed on him, he realized that he still had feelings for his best friend Hermione. However instead of replicating his feelings for her, he distanced himself from Hermione and his friends, because Hermione was happy with Ron and he wasn't going to ruin it because of his selfish desires. During his time in school he was emotionally compromised and he was in constant peril due to the events in his schooling years, so he never realized how others felt about him. He always had problems that he had to supervise, that he completely forgot to show her that he needed and wanted her in his life, as more than a friend. That's what led her friendship with Ron to blossom into something more and that's what he wished that he could change. To keep suppressing all these sadness caused by him failing to protect all those lives in the battle of Hogwarts and during Voldemort's reign all because of his inability to protect them, he threw himself at work and ran away from his problems. It's been years since he had talked to Ron or Hermione. Furthermore Ron and he had a fight, where Ron blamed him for breaking up with Ginny and he hadn't talked to Ron since then. And after Ron's and Hermione's marriage he hadn't talked to Hermione at all, because he was afraid of seeing them together, so he used it as the reason to constantly be away in other countries investigating many cases and targets. He knew that Hermione and Ron had a five year old daughter named Rose and that he shouldn't interfere in their lives, but deep down he knew that he had to at least check up on them and maybe regain the friendship he lost. But for now he was on his way to Andromeda Tonks's house to meet the woman who was the only connection of a family he had and also to meet his Godson Teddy or Edward Lupin who will also be coming back from Hogwarts for the Christmas break. Andromeda Tonks's House- Harry walked up to the small yet pleasant house and knocked on the door. And minutes later a fine looking old woman opened the door and just as soon as she saw who was standing near the door, she hugged the boy she considered a son. "It's nice to see you, Dromeda." Harry greeted and returned the hug. "Long time, Harry…" Andromeda replied and released the hug. "How are you? Are you coping with Teddy and his school life?" He asked as he walking inside and sat down on the couch. "I'm fine and I am coping, because of your funds and your costly gifts make Edward more manageable during summer. But what I am interested in, is that you are traveling around the world and not bothering to come back home and having a life of your own." She asked as she was preparing a snack. "I come here and within minutes you start asking me about my personal life." He joked exasperatedly. "You loved a woman and she is married to another man, so what at least tell her how you feel you blithering idiot. And besides you don't have a personal life that I can inquire on about." Dromeda replied jokingly. "That time has come and gone, Dromeda and you know that too. And for your information I have a personal life." Harry said as he walked to the kitchen and took the snacks and started eating, while sitting on the kitchen counter. "Take the plate and go to the couch, don't sit around here." Dromeda scolded as she shooed him off. "When is Teddy coming home?" He asked while eating his snacks. "Day after tomorrow and I'm supposed to pick him up at King's Cross would you like the honour?" Dromeda asked him flippantly. "I'll be happy to and besides I need to see my godson and spoil him all over again." Harry said as he sat down and relaxed after the long tiring day. "Where are you going to stay?" Dromeda asked curiously. " 12 Grimmauld Place, of course…" Harry replied as he munched on his snack. "All alone, Harry? Stay here in the spare room and give Teddy and me some company during the holidays." Dromeda suggested interestedly. "I don't want to intrude…" He started, but was interrupted. "Rubbish, you are staying here and that's final." Dromeda said sternly and walked back into the kitchen to prepare lunch for both. "How long are you staying this time?" Dromeda asked as she began to cook. "Just a few days, I'll be leaving to Romania after New year for my latest case." He replied to her tiredly. "Then let us make the most of it Harry and I am assuming that you will be here for New Year with Ted and me?" Dromeda asked and to that Harry nodded. Then they both had lunch and he started recounting his tales on his recent cases which occurred in the last few years. Ron Weasley's House (After Holidays)- Harry spent the most part of the Christmas and New