Disclaimer- I do not own Harry Potter or its characters, a misguided author called JKR does... I took the liberty of deleting my story 'Enough is enough' because to be frank, I couldn't see a funny and entertaining path for it like I intended for it when I started it at the beginning. Initially, I thought of a dark beginning and then it slowly turns out to become an amusing and entertaining story, so that I thought of capturing the entire sequence of Harry's change from his dark ruthless attitude to a tired 'not again' sort of attitude. As I was thinking of ways to correct it, I came up with a new concept that could capture my intention for Harry's and Hermione's character development like I intended for it. But I wanted it to be more realistic and entertaining than any of my former attempts at fanfiction stories with more heart to heart conversations and action sequences than just a basic outline of a story. To turn a genuinely ' unbelievable' concept into a convincing story, if you know what I mean. So here I am again, trying to give you all another time-travel story that I'm hoping would be a fun read for tired evenings. By the way, this is also indirectly a 'what if' scenario, I decided to give it a try since I've always found the notion of it being a path to a rather sensational plot. Warnings: An alternate universe which will closely resemble the canon… Mildly Dark beginning… Minor to 'maybe major' bashing of Dumbledore and Weasleys… Snape bashing… Unique yet Grey Harry Potter and it will definitely be an eventual Harry/Hermione pairing… And fair warning, it may sound very weird at the beginning, but I'm hoping it will turn out fine later. Little Whinging (1987, August 6th)- 'Privet Drive' a peaceful looking neighbourhood it was, or so it seemed to be. There were a number of similar looking houses in the same line, each of those houses spaced equally between each other with cars in the driveway and small, neat and well-maintained lawns on the front. As ordinary as this neighbourhood seemed to look, an unusual man was speeding towards the fourth house, something that went completely unnoticed by the inhabitants of the locality. This man stood over six feet tall, wearing a rather very used looking business outfit; he had dark raven hair that was rather long as it fell over his eyes. Beneath the hair, if one would be to look they would see a long trace of a deep yet faded scar that seemed to range right over the man's right eye. An eye that remained tightly shut, while sporting an intense penetrating look through his other. This man walked over to the fourth house from the left side entrance of the street and peered through the windows of each room as he walked around the house as a whole. After a few minutes of peering in through the house, he immediately turned around and moved to the left side entrance of the street. He quickened his pace and soon he disappeared from the street as he moved towards the nearby park. The mysterious man reached the park, a park that was barely furnished with obstacles for children to play. The park itself looked as if it had been neglected for a while, but the man himself was uninterested about the state of the park. The man's left eye landed on a thin, unassuming, raven-haired and green eyed boy, who was silently sitting on one of the lone swings. This boy was none other than the wizarding world's saviour, Harry Potter. Meanwhile, Harry, who was slowly swinging on his swing, was more interested in the blue sky above than his surroundings, as he was viewing it with his eyes that were filled with both curiosity and wonder. Harry's life was anything but a life, he was more like a slave for his relatives. He was starved, often verbally abused and sometimes even physically abused for just being unusual or in other terms a 'freak'. Harry was a brilliant and keen boy; he knew that something was wrong with him because strange accidents often happened around him when he was sad, annoyed or terrified, accidents that were anything but normal. Harry was also very cautious, having lived his life with the Dursleys; he was an expert at hiding himself, as such it made him very adept at recognising dark emotions. Years of living with the Dursleys, Dudley in particular, had conditioned Harry to internalise his feelings. A target that refused to react wasn't as much fun to torment, so he had learned how to keep his behaviour neutral even when he was practically seething with bottled-up emotions. Only his eyes would betray him, glinting dangerously whenever he became agitated. His seventh birthday was only a few days ago and he couldn't help but think of a life with his parents. He had no idea about anything regarding his parents, but frankly, he hoped that anything could be better than the Dursleys' treatment of him. Subsequently, the man moved towards Harry and spoke as if he certainly knew, "Harry Potter…" Harry looked up to the voice and his eyes met with the man's single left eye. Harry was instantly scared stiff by this stranger's gruff voice and intense yet eerie stare, as it were something that reminded him of uncle Vernon. All the warning lights blinked in his head, something about this man unnerved and frightened him; however, he kept his reactions neutral. The man sensing the young boy's fear, the man spoke evenly, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you." "Who...are…you?" Harry stuttered back to the man with a gulp. "Before we get to that, can we go somewhere private and have a chat?" The man asked to him evenly. And that was the last straw for him, this stranger was trouble and somehow deep in his heart, he knew it. He remembered aunt Petunia's warnings to Dudley about interacting with strangers. He slowly stood up from the swing, as if agreeing with the strange man and when the stranger turned to move away, he took a bold start and ran towards his house as fast as his legs could carry him. Meanwhile, the stranger stood there in the park and simply pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed, as he watched the waning form of the child, soon he too faded and vanished into thin air. Next Morning (Ten O'clock)- Next Morning, the seven-year-old boy was weeding the lawn in front, there was barely any weed among the lawn's grass, but his aunt didn't want him 'freeloading' inside the house, hence she made him weed the lawn again. Last night his sleep was restless, yesterday's encounter with that stranger had terrified him so much that his paranoia had gotten the best of his much-needed respite. As he was weeding the lawn under the lukewarm sunlight, he felt a cold breeze pass over him that seemed rather odd for a summer breeze. Something instinctively made him look up and search the surroundings only to find the same scary stranger from yesterday, standing there leaning on the fence while staring at him intently. In fear, Harry's heartbeat sped up instantly, as he watched the man walk up to him as soon as he noticed the man's presence. "Stop walking…or I'll scream." Harry spoke in a frightened yet brave tone. Immediately the man stopped at a distance and kneeled one of his legs and then he spoke with a smile, "If I truly meant you any harm, would I risk engaging with you in public while exposing myself like this near your house?" Harry couldn't understand some of the man's vocabulary, but he did realise the man's general intent. After some deep thought, he decided to give the stranger a chance to explain himself rather than scream and earn his aunt's attention, which will undoubtedly get him in trouble for disturbing her. And above all that he had every reason to suspect that his aunt will most likely just give him up to this stranger and gladly be rid of him, as he knew for a fact that she disliked him. "Who are you, what do you want?" The child asked loudly trying to overcome his fear. "Who I am is complicated, while what I want is simple. I want to help you, Harry. I'll explain everything to you and I will make you aware of the truths that were hidden from you." "What truths…?" Harry again had trouble understanding what the man said, but somehow he found the man's tone to be rather reassuring and the meaning to be innocuous. "To further explain that…, we really do need to have a talk, alone." The mysterious man replied back to him in a desperate yet urgent tone. And that again made his suspicious, but since he was giving the man a chance he demanded, "No, not alone. You tell me now." "Okay, since you're suspicious, I think it's fair enough." The man sighed and then spoke. "First of all your full name is Harry James Potter, you're the son of James Fleamont Potter and Lily Evans Potter and mostly importantly you're a wizard, Harry." "Wizard…? Like magical wizard?" The young boy asked back astonished by what he has heard. "Yes…" The man replied sternly. After a long pause the seven-year-old suddenly shouted out, "You're lying…" and he immediately ran inside the house and almost slammed the door shut. The mysterious man stood up and again sighed very deeply and then ran both his hands through his messy hair and slightly shook his head in disappointment. And again he simply faded and vanished into thin air. Meanwhile, Harry, who was watching through the gap of the door, looked dumbstruck at the man's sudden disappearance. That Night (Eleven O'clock)- Harry laid thinking on his mattress in the cupboard under the stairs. He was filled with many doubts and questions, questions like 'what the stranger meant by him being a wizard', he thought and 'how was the man able to disappear like that all of a sudden'. 'If he being a wizard was true then does that mean magic indeed existed' and somehow if that was actually true, then all of the unusual things that happened around him were in a way 'justified'. And above that, the man somehow knew his parents' full names which were something even he didn't know. It was all too much for the boy's seven-year-old mind to digest because the boy often kept wondering about his own sanity. "You're not insane you know." Suddenly the seven-year-old child heard a voice that was too real for him to be imagining it. Harry sat up on his mattress and pulled the cord of his pull cord light and switched on the lights of his 'makeshift cupboard bedroom'. And when the lights turned on, the first thing he saw shocked him to his core and he screamed like there was no tomorrow. "You can scream all you want; no one's going to hear." The stranger from the previous instances was sitting cross-legged in mid-air as if levitating. "Are you going to kill me?" Harry asked terrified by this man, who had extraordinary powers. "No, I'm here to help you." The levitating man came down and settled in front of him on top of his legs and that's when he realised that this man was intangible, because his legs went straight through the man's legs. Now, he had all the more reason to be terrified, "Are you a ghost?" "I wouldn't call myself a ghost, but more like a wraith that is temporarily bound to this earth." Harry who was previously terrified was now overly confused, but as instincts took over he screamed again. He still couldn't understand what the man meant to say, but once he stopped screaming he was steady enough