Rating: T Pairings: Harry and Hermione Reader's Note: This takes place 5 years after the books. Stories will be referenced, although as the story progresses you will see how things will change. I have added a few of my own characters along with fun old characters we are all familiar with in the Harry Potter world. Summary: Harry watches his best friend Ron merge with Voldemort, and destroy everything he loves. But as his death comes close, he finds himself in a different world, a world on a path to become like his own. Ron shows no signs of evil, but he may still find himself on that path and Harry struggles with whether to save him or destroy him. Harry Potter: From Ashes to Ashes Chapter One: Where am I? The dusty shelves were a reminder of how long ago Dumbledore had passed. Webs from uncaring and unfeeling spiders hung down as if only to taunt and collect the ever accumulating dust. Harry sat in the old wooden chair that once belonged to the beloved Headmaster as his thoughts swirled around him. Five years had passed since Dumbledore was killed, four since the last battle with Voldemort. Three years of peace. Harry narrowed his eyes. Three years of stupid, stupid peace. Rubbing his temples, he sighed. He was battle worn, sick of what seemed to be endless fighting. And he was heart sick. Glancing up, his eyes wandered around him, glancing over the bookshelves that still held old tomes, the sword that seemed so important at one time, and the long forgotten sorting hat, which also seemed to be somehow sadder at the moment. His mind continued to muse despite the battle not far from where he now found himself. He couldn't help but think it funny, ironic in a sense, that in the three years of peace, no one had used or even stepped into this office, yet now here he sat as if waiting for guidance, instead of death. Harry moaned out loud as he was once more pulled back into his state of almost self-pity. "How could I have been so blind?" He pounded the table in frustration as his words echoed off the darkened walls to be lost within the dust and ash around the room. Harry found himself drawn into the still fresh memories of the unseen betrayal. Answering his own unspoken accusation, his mind rang out the answer. It was missed because if anything was to happen, he had expected it from someone like Draco. After all, the voice of his father Lucius had to be still echoing in his son's head. People don't just get over years of growing up with men or families like that. Harry pondered for a moment, his mind jumping from one thought to another...from the Malfoy family to the nature of magic itself. It wasn't like all black magic was band after the war - even Hermione fought to keep all magic accessible (freedom of choice and some such), but any who did black magic actively or agreed with Voldemort's views at all were watched closely. In some cases, they where banned from using magic or sent to Azkaban. Even without the Dementors it was still feared. His thoughts went back to Draco. That man was less then a boy scout and it would have made sense if war had come through him...except Harry had to concede that he had seen no evidence of evil from him. Draco had even spent less and less time with his family and anything they might have been doing. So, why did Harry focus on him ? It had been simply a distraction, diverting his attention from where it should have been! He should have been more vigilant! Or, maybe a better friend. And maybe, if he had been a better friend, he would have seen what was coming. Ron . His earliest and most trusted friend. Harry stood suddenly, slamming the chair against the back wall, frustration and pain echoing out of him, as his hands slapped hard against the desk. His head bent down as the memories refused to stop coming. The death of Hermione had done something to Ron, Harry could see that now. Back then he missed the signs, happy to be with Ginny, happy that the fight was over. No one mourned Hermione more the Harry, but he had moved on. Ron had not. He sighed. He had never thought Ron would, or could go to such dark lengths. Now, he lamented his life with Ginny. They had married only a year after the Great Wizard War, as it has come to be known, and their beautiful baby girl had been born only months before Ron's betrayal. Harry knew Ron blamed the school for Hermione's death. That had been no secret. After all, she pushed to make sure it was reopened, and then it had fallen to her to begin the monumental task of actually organizing the school's new batch of students. She had embraced the role of Headmistress with zeal. Even McGonagall supported her. What Harry couldn't understand, even now as his mind looked back, was how Ron did and could twist her accident so that in his own twisted mind her death was murder. Ron had told everyone that it was murder due to her Muggle heritage, not a tragic accident. Harry shook his head as he remembered going several rounds with Ron, arguing in circles, and only realizing too late that his friend's mind was already made up. Even then Harry had thought it odd how rapidly Ron's moods had changed. Calm and rational one moment, enraged and ranting the next. Harry had been unwilling to see past his own grief to the deeper struggles Ron was facing and continued to try to get Ron to see reason over Hermione's death. Harry pleaded, even shown undeniable proof that her death had been nothing more than an accident. But, all Harry's words laid on nothing but deaf ears. Harry didn't see Ron again until that night. Harry stood, looking up at the cracked and decaying ceiling as if collecting his thoughts once more. He didn't feel 23, he felt 123. His life had been a fight, from only months after his birth, until the present. He found himself wondering if it was worth it any longer. Could fighting change anything? Harry could hear the battle coming, the screams as wizards were killed. He knew their suffering all too well. Although a part of his brain was asking him why he was not fighting, it was fleeting and his mind once again roamed back to that night. Ron had smiled as Harry invited him in. The smile was what hurt the most, what still stayed with Harry. Ron had then apologized to him about their last encounter. Harry foolishly told him it was nothing. He had asked to see the new addition to the Potter and Weasley family, and after that it was a blur, even to Harry's mind's eye. Ron acted with such fluid movements, Ginny and his daughter were gone before he could react. "Now you know my pain Potter ! Oh, yes, Voldemort says hello ! Watch as we burn all that you know to the ground! You will be the last on my list Potter ! You will know suffering. " Then without another word, he was gone, as was Harry's family. Ron spared no one, not even those he once called family himself. No one was ready, no one had seen this coming; so everyone's reaction had been to slow. And then it was much too late. Ron had somehow found the very essence of Voldemort. Harry learned too late what Ron had done. Harry had never known just how strong Ron could have been if he had been less consumed by self doubt, but Voldemort had seen the potential. Ron got the power to take his ill-conceived revenge, and Voldemort got the perfect body. The hate in Voldemort for Harry had run so deep it had seeped into every pore of Ron, changing him even further, warping his grief and rage into unforeseen depths. All of it focused on Harry. A whispered chuckle escaped his lips as his head lowed a bit and his eyes came to rest on the main door of the room. The sounds of battle drew ever nearer, the smell of curses and rot floated in the air. A single thought held him in place a moment; Hermione. If only she could be resurrected she would have thumped Harry on the head for ever letting anything like this happen. Or at the very least, she would have found the real reason Ron fell so quickly…so deluded…something. Harry never knew how lost he was not having her around, until that moment. He was tired of fighting. Old, dusty papers rushed off the desk as Harry's magic scattered them in his frustration. His own powers had grown even further over the past several years. Sometimes working without thought now. But even his increased reservoir of magic had been unable to withstand the combined force of Ron and Voldemort. Harry knew he did not have much time, he was not hiding, but as Ron promised, he was the last man standing. His eyes left the door and roamed about the room. Almost unwillingly, they moved to lock on the perch where Fawkes used to sing. Harry's eyebrow's twitched together as he realized the phoenix had not been seen since the death of Dumbledore. It seemed odd, but until now Harry had not really thought of that. Odd where his thoughts flew at such a dark time as this. But the thought was not easily dismissed. Where had the bird gone? He walked over to the stand and found… ash. As his eyes gazed at the pile of ash collected in a bowl beneath the perch and, for the first time since coming to the room, he wanted – no, needed to know what had brought him here. His mind was fixed as a word slipped out slowly, almost unheard, "Odd." He reached out his hand slowly, expecting nothing, yet he felt warmth...no, heat . "How is this..." His voice trailed off as his fingertips touched the ash, just as the door crashed open, Ron's red hair flew as if aflame, his eyes black, no soul remaining. Voldemort had finally purged his own human soul and in doing so took Ron's. All that was left for either of them was a darkness, darker than any demon's. Although Ron's red hair was still visible, it was all that seemed to remain of his once best friend. He now took on much of the appearance Voldemort had before his last death. Harry didn't even look up, or try and fight, even the words spewing out of Ron month were lost, for the world around Harry was changing, melting away. Then all went black. Q Q Q Harry jumped back quickly, patting his clothes as if they were on fire, and then immediately fell over a chair which shouldn't have been there. His breath knocked out of him, he laid there staring at the now clean and well kept ceiling. "My dear boy, kindly get up. You are not on fire, I assure you." Harry jumped up, looking around him. He was now in a clean, candle-lit office – nothing like where he had been moments before. "Where...what...how?!" His eyes locked on Dumbledore and his month dropped. "No...you're - you're dead !" The phoenix's unique song made Harry turn and notice its vibrant and young appearance. Harry slapped his face...yes, he was rather sure he was awake. "Fawkes! Dumbledore...what is going on?! You're dead!" "Yes, as you've stated twice. I assure you, however, I am quite alive. It would seem Fawkes has shown you, or rather brought you, along from a reality that is…I would guess, less than appealing." Harry slumped down