Intro: this story will basically involve OCs, set in District 2 and others when they become relevant. I am planning to make this a three-part story, but it can be extended if people feel like it. Delian walked into Critias' house at the appointed hour, with his best possible clothes. That consisted of a plain white shirt and a pair of black jeans, ironed to make them more similar to trousers, mended with cloth of the same colour so the patches do not appear as easily. He walked into the palatial building, amazed at its glitter and "bling factor", as people in the Capitol were rumoured to term this phenomenon. A grand chandelier suspended in the middle of the foyer, and the generous beams of sunshine scattered across its jewels across the room, in an orderly chaos. Delian was attracted to touch many things in the house, but his better senses prevented him from so doing. He had almost ignored the existence of the butler, who was trying to guide him to the study, where his interviewer was bound to be. Delian had sneaked up to Critias' house before, and he sat at his study almost every day, continuously. He took his meals there and even occasionally slept there, Delian noted. All this will be mine, he thought, and it's going to be soon, not at a distant date in the future . Hunger Games fever was burning within District 2, and this man, this victor, held the key to unlocking its wonders. The butler signaled Delian to stop at the threshold of the study, which was barricaded from the glamour of the main hall with a slender pair of doors. It was oak panelling, he though, with pink marble inlays. Very stylish . District 2 does not shout out at you in this house, but you can locate yourself in District 2 if you look at the details. It's almost as though the house had a consciousness, that it didn't want to look like a house in District 2. The servant knocked and heard some response from inside, and he slipped in, closing the door behind him. The butler came out and looked at him with a neutral expression. He opened both doors, and stood flat against one of the doors. "Delian Quince, principle," the butler announced. "Have a seat please, Delian," the victor said, as he poured a small glass for Delian, which he promptly set in front of himself when Delian attempted to take it, "and tell Sherman what you would like to have. After all," he grinned, "not all of us can hold our drink." Critias was still Critias. It was something of an unspoken insult in District 2 if you implied that someone couldn't drink. Delian was only 17, and the official drinking age was 20, though that hardly stopped anyone. Nobody tried to enforce, and nobody could enforce. People in District 2 didn't have birth certificates, so nobody could say for certain, other than close friends and parents, exactly how old one was. It carried certain benefits, but also faults and consequences were deadly. Delian ordered what he thought was an appropriate drink: water. "Mr. Quince," Critias began with a strange emphasis on formality and distance, "I have read a recommendation letter with your name and various terms of coerced flattery on it, and I think I am obliged to give you a formal interview. I admire your persistence, Mr. Quince, but please do not expect too much out of this interview." Delian's hulky body slumped on the chair. "I have exacting standards on what makes a good tribute," Critias attempted to explain, not in the least emotionally influenced by the slump, "but, which is more important, on who has the potential to become one. I have been hasty in refusing your direct application a few months ago." Delian shifted forward again, in anticipation. Is he going to give me a chance to make things up to me, or does he begin to see potential? "I still await to be proven wrong, Mr. Quince," he continued, "and to that end, I will ask you a series of questions or request you to do certain things. If you do not feel comfortable answering any given one, just tell me so, but I tend to prefer more information to less, so you may bear that in mind. Are you ready?" "Yes, victor," Delian finally spoke with a bright but baritone voice, brimming with excitement and energy, "I am ready, for days." "Do you smoke?" Critias inquired flatly. "I…" Delian froze, not certain about what Critias wanted to hear, "from time to time, yes," he scrambled together a response, to face Critias' almost-parental smile. Would that make me sound more mature and manly? That's what they like. "I am pleased to hear it. All men need an occupation of some kind, and there are far too many idle men in the quarries." Delian looks on as Critias scribbles down something in an illegible scrawl on his notepad, which he held at an angle to prevent easy discernment. As he furiously writes on, he gradually steepened the angle of the pad, as to conceal his face. "Who is your mother's father, Mr. Quince?" "My mother's father is a Terrence," Delian replied thoughtfully, "though I do not know him intimately." "Does he have a family name?" Critias persisted. "I think so, but not that I know of." "Does he have any reliable connections with," Critias paused to sip a mouthful of the golden syrup, "persons of influence?" "Well, Terrence has…" interrupted Delian, to think of a more refined way of saying someone had died, "has pissed away." "I gather you mean 'passed' away, if I may suggest such an unfortunate thing?" "That's the fellow." Critias closed his eyes and bent his torso upwards, reclining on his chair a little more, though Delian thought it could scarcely be more comfortable, since the back of the chair is fixed. "Mr. Quince," Critias continued his assault, "do you have any friends in notable positions, or otherwise of distinguished merit, or even public reputation?" Delian instinctively thought of his best friend, Rhaion. This friend was one whom he could depend on in a question of life and death. "My best friend is Rhaion," he commented, "he is my best friend ever." Critias took another deep breath and turned to caugh behind himself. "Pardon me." Turning back to the present, he looked around the study and fixed his gaze on a richly decorated porcelain vase on a taek base. "See that vase over there, Mr. Quince," he finally said, "and that thing it's sitting on. What is that thing called?" "Wood?" "What type of wood is it?" acerbically demanded Critias. Delian suddenly shrinks into his chair, as though taking refuge in its plushness. Delian hadn't expected this to come up. He had expected Critias to ask him to lift big rocks or something that demonstrates his strength, which he has found to be an asset in the quarries and in comparison with the televised tributes. But here was Critias, the victor and principal of the Academy, examining him on the strangest of questions. Come on Delian, you can't just guess a random type of wood! But you have to! Calm down, Delian. It's a type of wood you've never seen before, so it's not maple, pine, or oak. It's in a victor's house, so it must be exotic. "Taek?" Chimed in Delian, spitting out the most exotic type of wood known to him. Critias' expression darkened, as he jotting down on his pad again, which he places on a writing stand so as not to betray its contents by laying it flat on the desk. "Go pick up that vase," Critias commanded after finishing his notes. Aha! It's going to be easy, as long as there is no water inside. Delian ejects from his armchair, sprints to the target next to the bay windows, and easily grabs it by its neck and hoists it from the base. It's as light as I thought. It might even by too light. "With two hands please," Critias corrected, "it's heavy. I don't like cleaning porcelain shards off a carpet." But it isn't heavy! Time to impress! "I'm fine, victor. I can lift this vase with just one hand." "As you will, then," Critias turned away again, caughing heavily, with his hands over mouth, "and balance it on your head." What!? "I'll do my best." Delian obediently raises it by it foot and gently sets it down on the top of his head. Please don't fall. Standing perfectly still, Delian cautiously led his arms away from the artifact. It doesn't even wobble. Good . Critias nodded, probably in approval. "Take off your clothes, Mr. Quince," Critias spoke with just a hint of a childish dare in his voice. Delian hesitated, but his hands were soon sliding along his body, to minimize disturbance to the vase, to the top button on the shirt. "You know, Mr. Quince," Critias explained away casually, "there are times in the arena where decorum must take second place. Most of us have no problem saying that in the shelter of our homes, but in the arena, I have seen this problem impeding the progress of a tribute. The accomplished tribute must be able to perform with only his skin on his body, in front of people he never knew before and intend to defeat by every possible means, as well as on national television." That's perfectly rational. Delian began the arduous task of unbuttoning his shirt. Normally, this wouldn't be so difficult, but the slightest shift in his body translates to a much bigger movement of the vase on his head. Delian has no problem with only his skin on him, since the quarries are so hot in the summer that he's accustomed to work without a shirt, with all manner of passers-by. Moreover, several girls have expressed much positivity and affinity about his shape. "You need not remove your trousers, Mr. Quince, I only need to see what I need to see." As Delian frees the ninth accursed disk of plastic from the ninth slit in the hemmed shirt, he starts by loosening his arms from the confines of the sleeve. I guess I'll be the attractive type of tribute. Looking good earns you points. Ugh, don't fall! But his arms don't come loose from the sleeve. Delian cursed himself under his breath, as Critias, who emitted a concealed yawn, was waiting with mild attentiveness to his form. Don't make him wait! Look, he's yawning! Why isn't my sleeve coming off? Delian shakes his arms some more, as Critias rests his head on his hand, supported by the elbow on the desk. "Your cuffs." Heeding the instantaneous analysis, Delian was dazed by Critias' attention to detail. He clasped his hands behind himself to get to the cuff buttons, and the vase took another dangerous swivel. So finally, the shirt relinquishes him, and he stood with a naked chest and abdomen before the victor. For a brief second, Delian is proud of himself. His slightly tan skin glistens in the afternoon sun, giving it an almost ruby like glow, full, rich, and unyielding, and his hair, which was a golden blonde, had excellent albedo. Delian is definitely a looker. "You need to lose some weight, Mr. Quince," he opined with a puff, "slenderness is in vogue." The cruel shock nearly caused the vase to fall from his head, and he had to re-balance it by taking a few cuts across the room. "I… I see." "Now, I said the accomplished tribute must be able to perform at the highest level without the benefit of clothing. So I'll test your aptitude in that front. Just standing still is not quite enough." Humph. These surely are exacting standards. But I think I scored some points for my immaculate sense of balance. "Do your best triumphant pose.