NOV 30 th 12 p.m. Today is the thirtieth day of November and the rain is falling relentlessly outside of the window. Here I am writing in this stupid journal I am being forced to write in. If my therapist wants to know the sick and sadistic ways of my mind, then Dr. Cullen roll up your sleeves, because I will take you for a ride you cannot forget. Now I am laughing at myself. Anyway let us start this off properly. Hello, my name is Isabella Swan. Age, 17. Location: Seattle, WA. I enjoy being with my family, kinda, and living a double life… secret to my family. By day, a part of the perfect and beautiful Swan family with our noses held high and hearts non-existent…But, by night… well we will get to that later. Spoilers darling, I cannot give myself all away in the beginning DEC 3 rd 4 p.m. The Swan family Estate sign hung from a post right outside the grand metal gate protecting our huge house from those kind of people who do don't meet my mother's and father's view of grand and luxurious living. I sat in a seat all by myself while my mother and father sat opposite of each other of the limo as we drove up the long driveway to our even colder house. My parents haven't been in love for a long time, but they refuse to get a divorce in spite of a scandal. God forbid there be a scandal involving people who do no love each other anymore. Oh the things people would say about us! We won't be perfect! I wish they would just break it off. My mother's face has grown more tired in the last ten years… I guess that's what happens when unhappy and empty for so long. God if she only knew that she looks like she has been desperately grasping at youth like rabid animal…maybe it would be a wakeup call to her. Now, My father. He is an older gentlemen of 52 and is not a day past 39. He works in the city of Seattle where I see Dr. Cullen every Monday at five. Anyway, Daddy started up a hedge fund with some business buddies from college years ago that has turned into a successful company which provides us this long drive to get to our house. Needless to say, my mother is never there because off blowing daddy's money planning galas and charity events that she does not even research and my father is never around for more than five minutes. He always has to work or take business trips all the time leaving me to rot with mom. Even though he is gone all the time, I still love him best. He is the only one who asks me if I am okay and genuinely care to know the answer. He tries with what he has to make me happy. Since him and mom have had their arrangement worked out years ago he has paid more attention to me and I love the attention… it makes me feel warm. 6:30 p.m. "Bella, may I come in?" Mom asks from the open doorway to my room. I turned from my desk to face her. "Yes," I reply looking her in the eye almost angrily. She put a fist to her mouth to clear her throat, dropping my gaze, but I didn't let up. She made her way to my bed and gracefully sat down. She patted the side next to her and smoothed out the creases of the comforter. I stare at the spot she is beckoning me to before I move automatically to the bed. Her tight up-do had been let down and her breath lingered with wine. She still looked so tired. "What's up?" I ask calmly while dreading the response of what she could possible want with me. "Well you know that for inner city education charity… I cannot exactly remember the name for it now, but you know it right, darling? Anyway, I want you to come with me to our annual celebration to honor those doing good work. Your father will not be here and you will be all alone in this great house if you don't want to come with me. Come, darling, it will be amazing." Excitement lit her shinny brown eyes as she waited for me to answer her. "Why? You have never asked me to go in the past? You said ' Darling, you must understand that this is how I blow off steam. " And then " Maria! Maria! Come take Bella from me so I can leave! ' Her smile was now gone and her hard lines settled while her lips pursed into a straight line. "Honey, please. Dr. Cullen thinks it will be a good thing for you. Come on…" she coaxed. "He is prescribing me a party?" I asked in a sarcastic tone as I eyed my mother from top of my RayBan glasses. "In a way, yes, he is. Please, darling, come with me. And did I mention Dr. Cullen is bringing his family. He has a son. A cute and dashing one at that." She gave a sinful smile flashing her white teeth. I laughed at her before succumbing to her begging "Fine, I will go with you." "Perfect! I cannot wait to find you the most amazing dress. You will stun the room, darling! But we will have to hurry and go shopping, because it is on Friday!" She clapped and happy danced out my room. I did not, I REPEAT, did not agree because of a boy. Goodnight. DEC 4 TH 3 p.m. The bell of last period rings at 2:20 and today I found myself anticipating today's events. I already had my bag packed neatly and sat at my side. The students around me all dressed casually while I am sitting in designer jeans, shoes, jacket, everything. Mom insist on only taking me to expensive stores in Seattle. But I insisted on going to a public school, I would not let them sending me to a place filled with people them. Public school is my escape to real life. To be honest if I get a double hit of pretentious snobs and cold hearts, I would stab myself with a fork. The bell rung and we all filled out into hallways of Freemont High. I quickly made my way through the sheep before pushing out of the doors. And do you know what I saw. You'll never guess. My FUCKING MOTHER IN THE LIMO. IN THE FUCKING LIMO! No one really knew of my life at school… and they were not supposed to do. I don't need people being my friend because I have money from my family. I tried to act like it wasn't for me while it sat in the line of other parents. I just walked on with a group of laughing freshmen. Now, wait till you hear this, my fucking mom pops out of the sun roof screaming m name! MY NAME! What. The. Actual. Fuck. "BELLA! BELLA, HONEY! I'm picking you up from school! Like a real mom! Look at me! Isn't this exciting!" she yelled while everyone turned towards me wide eyed and such. Meanwhile I turn bright red and rush to the door and slam it shut behind me. "Charles. Hit it. NOW." I demanded as I pulled my mom by her leg back into the limo she fell with an umph . Charles pulled out of the driveway of my school quickly and I was glad he did so. Now I will hear all about this from my peers on Monday. And now I am here writing down my mom not only exposing me but embarrassing me in front of a good amount of people. Grrrreeeat! But I guess now the heat of everything has faded from my cheeks as we drive into the city. We are going to a small dress boutique that my mother always goes to for these kind events. I have to go, we are almost there. 5 p.m. We just got home in a rush, but we still picked out a nice dress and shoes to match. The sales ladies insisted I get this crimson red floor length dress that had a high lace collar and corseted bodice with a sheath waist made of dark navy blue lace. I think it looked great against my dark hair and pale skin. My mother would not hear it if I protested it or not, she was buying it for me no matter what. Got to go again… ya' know gotta do girly things. I'll spare you the details. 12 p.m. All ready and blushing my mother and I stepped out of the limo and onto the red carpet leading up to some luxurious hotel. My mom looked at me with a smile as she grabbed my hand and began fast-walking us up the carpet to the big grand doors. "Come on, Bella, We are already late! It is already 7:30!" she called back to me. "I am in heels, mother, calm down!" I snapped back laughing as we made our way across the lobby to the large doors. The older gentleman wearing a hotel uniform smiled our way when we approached the banquet doors and opened them up to reveal a large party of all the beautiful and the rich. As I looked past the stairs leading down into the party, I saw tables decorated in white and light blue tablecloths pieced with small arrangements of red poinsettias. It truly was spectacular. I had not noticed my mother had gone in already without me and had found a group of people to chat up with a class of champagne in hand. I looked back at the man with an apologetic look as I hurried in. I slowed at edge of the first and began my decent. I hear my mother's words in my head as I walked down you are a Swan. Swan women are graceful. I was being graceful as possible, because I felt all eyes on me and my heart rate was quickening. I looked slowly up from the steps and swept the room. I found the room was staring at me. THE WHOLE ROOM. I mean it. But I kept walking with my head held high just like a Swan should be. Graceful, strong, beautiful. After the initial shock of stopping a room I made my way to my mother and Dr. Cullen. "There you are, honey." Mother greeted me a not so warm hug "Ah, Bella, You look dashing," Dr. Cullen greeted me with a tight, short hug. "Bella, I would like meet my family." He swept his hand to his hand to his right to four beautiful people. "This is my wife, Esme." I said hello and shook her hand. "These are daughters Alice and Rosalie" Alice was short with dark brown pixie hair while Rosalie was tall and blond like Dr. Cullen definitely a supermodel waiting to be discovered…both of them. I said a shy hi to them "And this young man is my son, Edward." I froze at the sight of him… I froze at his golden eyes borrowing deep into mine. I looked away from the intense gaze quickly before everyone began to wonder. I cleared my throat. "Hell- Hi, I am Bella." As I offered my hand. He didn't take it but returned my hello. I couldn't keep my eyes off of him the whole night. The way he looked in the slim black tux with those piercing eyes. I only looked at him when he was not looking, I think I would die if he caught me undressing him with my eyes. My mom had ditched me the whole night. I only saw her talking and laughing historically with other groups of people. Her not once glancing my way