This was originally written for Hoggywarty Christmas on Livejournal, my favourite fandom event. As always, my lovely beta Híril did a bang-up job; any remaining mistakes are my own. Friends, Teachers, Countrymen -oOo- Alecto was whimpering in the corner, crouching with her back pressed against the wall, her head hidden somewhere between her knees. Pity. Severus would have liked to see the expression on her face, or – even better – delved into her mind for a moment, to see what highlights from her extensive catalogue of punishments doled out to others had surfaced to torment her. Alecto had already left Hogwarts by the time Severus had entered those hallowed halls with ill-fitting robes and a head full of foolish imaginings. There seemed to be nothing original about her: a narrow mind filled with pure-blood fervour by other, deeper thinkers, with little wit or understanding. Only in her treatment of repeat offenders there was a glimmer of unusual imagination for someone of her kind. Alecto surpassed herself finding methods to get through to students who laughed in the face of her Unforgivables (before, not after – even the most foolhardy Gryffindors had the same nervous system as everyone else). Seeing if he were right, or if Alecto were indeed a poor copy of Bellatrix Lestrange with no aspirations to originality, would have afforded Severus some rare amusement. Advancing further into the room, he stumbled across the prostrate form of someone not too strict about their personal hygiene. The smell was most often encountered by anyone entering the Quidditch changing rooms, but as this was the staff room Severus deduced that Argus Filch was paying a rare visit. It was hardly a huge leap of faith, considering that he had done so on Severus' invitation. Ever since the latter's ascent to the post as Headmaster, the caretaker had treated him with gratifying deference. Or it would have been gratifying, had Severus cared about the opinion of anyone who weren't already dead. Argus twitched as Severus' boot disturbed his rest, but he just snored and rolled over again, pressing his cheek to the floor. Severus had at last found a test subject for his variation on Amortentia, laced with a healthy dose of sleeping draught. In a few hours' time Argus might give Alecto an unpleasant surprise, had she not already been beyond interruptions in the misery of her own mind. At the very end of the staffroom, beneath the festive garlands Argus had attached to anything that stuck out from the walls, Severus found Mrs Norris. Her tail was swishing from one side to the other, and her yellow eyes were fixed on the cowering creature in front of her. One could almost see her thought process, such as it was: it wasn't precisely a mouse, but it acted like one. If she pounced, would it taste like a mouse? "In a spot of bother, Amycus?" The tiny creature jumped up and down in agitation, and Severus had to fight the temptation to bring his boot down on it, thus making the world a slightly better place. He sighed and picked up his Deputy Head instead. "I do apologise – I didn't recognise you at first." Amycus squeaked and peeped in his palm, but the pitch was much too high for a human ear to make any sense of. Severus put him down on top of the mantlepiece, where he should be out of Mrs Norris' reach. Should, not would – in Severus' experience, the cat seldom gave up when she had her mind set on something. Explaining to the Dark Lord why his henchman had been savaged by a cat would be rather difficult, hence the wards that had alerted Severus to Amycus' plight in the first place. However, he had no intention of telling the man himself. On second thought, it might be amusing to hear what he had to say. Severus did a complicated movement with his wand and suddenly the room filled with profanities. "– will have your testicles fed to Nagini! You did this, you bastard – you put something in my tankard at dinner. I'll get you for this!" "How could I have tampered with your beer when you were guarding it the whole time?" It was nonsense, of course – Severus had slipped the potion into Amycus' cup of tea in the staffroom earlier that afternoon. "I'll make you pay, if it's the last thing I do – that cat almost got me! I demand you restore –" His voice disappeared abruptly as Severus tired of his complaints. "You are hardly in a position to make demands, Amycus. Do try to survive the next few hours – I'm sure it will wear off soon. The students will insist on having their fun before the Christmas holidays begin, I'm afraid." Severus spun around on the spot, leaving Amycus and Mrs Norris to their uneasy stand-off. Traditionally, the Hogwarts staff Christmas party took place on the last Saturday before the end of the term. In previous years, the staff room had been filled to the brim with excited voices and the smell of mulled wine, with Charmed decorations and Celestina Warbeck competing to fill any void left in the conversation with Christmas music. For quite some years, Severus had brought along his special potions too. The unlucky sod who had to remain sober in case the students kicked off (anything short of grievous bodily harm was likely to be overlooked that night) was in charge of distributing them to the unsuspecting victims, and almost as much fun was had by trying to spot who was being dosed with what as when enjoying the effects. Minerva had almost set fire to Albus' beard one year in her haste to grab the black potion from behind Poppy's back. It had been a good party that year – Severus hadn't made it into his own bed until dawn. As a student, he had dismissed most of his teachers as dried-up old sticks, content to teach because they were unable to achieve something in the real world. Like most of his teenage judgements, it had been breathtakingly wrong – he just hadn't expected to be proven wrong quite in such a manner. Being stuck in an isolated castle surrounded by teenage hormones augmented by magic made one rather inventive when it came to finding a way to while away the long evenings. Add to that the general tendency of wizards and witches becoming more proficient at all sorts of magic with age, and one could easily stumble upon scenes that would make even a hardened Death Eater raise their eyebrows. Brewing potions for the party had been an enjoyable diversion during the year as well – Severus had fine-tuned his collection as the years went by, and could probably have made a tidy sum of money if he had ventured to release them on the open market. However, recent events had put paid to any such intentions. None of his colleagues – he refused to dignify the Carrows with the word – had accepted their invitation to official party. If there was an unofficial one, they certainly knew better than putting it on tonight. Severus had reached for a different section in his arsenal of potions this year, but he was equally confident in the outcome. In the morning, all would be forgotten – the Carrows and their loyal servant Filch would return to the mockery of a school Hogwarts had become, and the worst that might ail them would be the lingering memory of a bad dream. But he wasn't quite finished. Soundlessly, Severus swept down the corridors, surrounded by the castle like a second skin. He had always believed Albus relied on superior intelligence to appear all-knowing; it had come as a surprise to find how much information Hogwarts itself imparted to its Headmaster. Severus could feel the heartbeats of the sleeping students and the relentless bustling of the house-elves, already preparing the next day's meals. As he reached Filius' office, he didn't need to knock on the door to ascertain its occupant's frame of mind. Indeed, doing so would have been counter-productive. His carefully modified cheering potion had been designed to remind Filius of happier days and the season of goodwill to come. It had seemed appropriate – Filius loved Christmas, and Severus would have been hard pressed to name anyone with a kinder heart. Even now, when Filius wove his well-intentioned spell around his students without any magic whatsoever, they left with a new spring in their step. Satisfied with his handiwork, Severus moved on towards the Hospital Wing before he recalled the likely effects of the potion he had slipped into Poppy's morning coffee. Perhaps he had better proceed directly to Rolanda's quarters. On the bright side, there would be no need to pay a visit to the greenhouses either. Rolanda was soundly asleep, so Severus couldn't judge the effectiveness of his concoction; not that she had had any complaints last year. If memory served correctly, she had, in fact, shared far too many details over breakfast, to the point where Filius had had to cut her off. He did not object to his colleagues amusing themselves as well as they could, he had said to general approval, but there was no need to tell anyone which body parts had gone where. Matters of technical detail were better left to the imagination. Filius' definition of technical would have shocked some of his mature students profoundly. Severus proceeded to the library where Irma was sitting at her desk, oblivious to the whispering of his robes as he carefully wound his path across the worn stone slabs lining the floor. The expression on her face was beatific – all the little lines on her forehead had been smoothed out, and the corners of her lips were turned slightly upwards. Severus hadn't seen her look so happy since Albus had approved her request to ban the students from bringing food into the library. Although he would rather die than admit it, Severus had a healthy respect for the ingenuity if the Weasley twins. Their Patented Daydream Charms, unwisely passed around in classes by some dunderhead student whose name he couldn't recall, had served as the inspiration to the potion he had chosen for Irma. He left her with a quill dangling from her limp hand, reflecting that the stiff neck she inevitably would end up with in the morning would be worth it. Pausing on the threshold to the corridor, he turned back and belatedly cast a Cushioning Charm around her shoulders – neither of them were getting any younger, and Severus had learnt the hard way that it never paid to neglect his aching limbs. Faced with the climb up to the North Tower he almost turned back, but Severus Snape rarely shrank from a task he had set himself. He had plenty of other failings to make up for his determination, he thought bitterly as he passed the snoring portrait of Sir Cadogan. Presumably Sybill imagined the trap door and the rickety ladder added to the students' reverence for her subject – to a certain type of person, the far-flung and exotic promise to reveal truths the more prosaic world of their daily lives couldn't aspire to. At seventeen, Severus had not found the premise as ridiculous as he ought to have had. At thirty-seven, he ground his teeth and gently lifted from the floor, wafting through the air until a tap of his wand opened the door at the end of the climb. If his seventeen-year-old self had been gifted with the powers Sybill believed she possessed, he might just have been stupid enough to believe the price he would pay to achieve such feats would be worth it. Teenagers, in Severus' extensive experience, were barely fit to get themselves dressed in the morning, let alone make decisions that would determine their future. They certainly