After the proof given to them by Alice's visions, the witnesses of the Cullens and the compounding testimony of the half-blood immortal and his mate, the Volturi chose to relinquish their former intentions to fight, and left the Cullens and their friends in peace. However, not all were convinced that this was the end of it; some still feared the Volturi's return and withdrew even deeper into the forests and isolated mountains of their native homes. Jacob and the packs were ten times more vigilant than usual; patrolling as much as seven to ten times each day, rotating shifts at random so that on the outside chance they were being watched, the Volturi-and any other unwelcome vampires, would be unable to track them by their patterns. The following winter saw Jacob and Seth leaving along with Emmet and Jasper for up North to check on the Cullen's relatives whom they now kept in close contact with. They also made trips to visit Benjamin and Tia and their family. Soon, the days and weeks blurred together and nearly two years had gone by before the group finally made the return home. They'd traveled by car so as not to arouse any kind of suspicion to unsuspecting eyes but once they neared the border of Canada, Jacob and Seth phased, wanting to patrol along the border and up along the main mountain ranges. Jasper and Emmet went ahead and patrolled closer to the border of Washington and after two weeks, they all met close to the outskirts of home. Jacob grew restless and skittish as the foggy outlines of the Olympic mountains came into view. Jake, you alright? Yeah…Yeah I'm good Seth, why? You just-you're all nervous man, I can feel it. Get out of my head, Seth! Seth snorted beside him which he assumed was a laugh as the two plunged on, on all fours. Dude, you gotta learn how to block you're thoughts from me otherwise, I have no choice but hear 'em. Maybe ask Paul how he does it. Or maybe you could just choose to think about something else and leave it be! Seth snorted, shaking his head as he eyed Jacob. Dude, it's ok I'm not gonna tell anybody-besides, I'd be nervous too. Like excited to be going home but nervous at the same time because two years without seeing my girl, I'd be wondering how that was all gonna play out-especially since she's what, four now in human years? Doesn't that mean she's like full grown now? Not quite-she'll be full grown at seven I think-if what that half-blood said is true. But she'll definitely be…changed. She was two when we saw her last so-yeah, two years have probably made a hell of a change-she'll actually be turning four tomorrow-its her birthday. Just then, the two wolves broke out of the forest border around First beach and headed to Sam's. The whole pack was waiting for them and once they phased, Embry and Quil tossed them jeans which they pulled on hurriedly as they were tackled by the rest of the pack. "Alright, that's enough, boys. Let Seth and Jacob breathe! They've been gone a long time and no doubt a good portion of that was spent on all fours-let them get their bearings about them." The group settled and soon settled down for a huge dinner prepared by Emily. As the sun went down, Jacob left the group and took a long walk down by First beach. He sat down by a large rock where two years ago, he'd carved his and Renesmee's names. It had been for her two-year birthday and she'd been so excited when Jacob brought her here to First beach for a picnic. She'd been so little back then-and yet so big for her actual age; her physicality would've fooled anyone into thinking she was a healthy ten year old when in fact she was only two in human years. That was after the Volturi came-and Renesmee had made Jacob promise that he'd always be there to protect her. He'd carved their names in the rock to prove to her that no matter what, nothing could wipe his existence out of her life-he'd always be there just like the rock. It was nearly mid-November but the cold never bothered Jacob as his body was always a warm radiating 120 degrees Fahrenheit. Before he knew it, he'd fallen asleep and the next morning, the bright sun woke him. "Jake!" He heard Sam calling him and jumping to his feet, he ran up the beach towards Sam and Emily's. "Hey Sam-Sorry I know I'm late I just fell asleep out on the beach and-guess I was really tired." "Well it's time for breakfast so get your ass inside and then you're off on patrol with Paul." "I'm on it." # # # # That evening, Bella stood in the front room of her and Edward's cottage home. The back of her shoulder resting on the window frame. Edward was out hunting with Emmet and had been gone for most of the day as he'd refused to leave her side for the last week since Renesmee had been suffering from a light fever-her being half human was not without it's consequences; she'd suffer a fever every once in a great while and because she wasn't at all used to them, she'd be pretty wiped out for the rest of the week. Bella would fret over her and only Edward could keep her sane and somewhat distracted. Just then, she saw Edward break through the brush with Emmet and Jasper, laughing and shoving each other as they came up to the house. They walked him to the door and then in a flash, disappeared into the forest. She turned as the front door opened and Edward appeared in the doorway to the living room. "Bella…you haven't left that spot since I left." His face creased with worry lines as she smiled softly. "I know I just-Renesmee's sleeping and-I'm just restless I guess." She rubbed her shoulders in a gesture as if she was cold which only made Edward smile-his wife still held to some adorable human habits, though she didn't need to. "Well, tonight's Renesmee's birthday celebration. At Carlisle and Esme's." He crossed the room to her then and planted kisses along her shoulder and up the side of her neck. She shivered and smiled. "I know-and with Jacob back it's gonna be a huge to-do. I- almost feel like I could nap right now." They both laughed as she groaned, her forehead thudding into his chest. "Don't worry-everything's gonna be perfect. And I'm glad Jacob's back because God knows, we've all needed him here and with Renesmee asking about him every five minutes, it will be nice-not to have to constantly worry about her running off to go find him. She's-definitely feeling the imprint a lot stronger now and with him being back, it's only a matter of time." "But-Edward I thought you-I mean I don't-what if she's not ready for that? She's still so young and honestly-I don't know how I feel about it yet; I definitely don't want her knowing about that right now and-I mean it feels like we've had so little time with her-it's already unfair enough that he imprinted on her before I even got the chance to hold her for the first time!" Edward only smiled softly as he brushed the hair out of his wife's face. "Bella, it's part of their culture-its been this way for centuries; its like Jacob said that day; they have no control over it and if you think about it, if it hadn't been for Jacob imprinting on her, the pack would've killed her-or at least tried. So in actuality, Jacob's imprinting saved Renesmee's life. And we can't necessarily keep Renesmee from him or from knowing the truth for that matter." "I know-but couldn't we just-delay it for awhile? I mean I honestly don't think she's ready for it, Edward-I just think it would all be too much for her; her short life has already been surrounded by mystical uncertainty, supernatural danger and near-death-I just want her to have some normalcy for now. Please?" "You know I can never say no to you when you ask me like that-with that look in your eyes." She smiled as she pressed her lips to him which resulted in a naked tumble in the sheets of their bed-Bella would've much rather stayed there for the rest of eternity. But they had a party to plan and she wanted it to be the most perfect day for Renesmee. # # # # "Renesmee-please stop fidgetting!" Alice firmly admonished her niece as she fitted her dress in the back. "Alice-it's too-tight! I can hardly breathe in this!" "Oh nonsense! It's the latest fashion and the first rule a fashionista must learn is there is no fashion without a little discomfort!" Alice beamed proudly as she observed her niece's reflection in the mirror. She'd fitted her with a floor-length rose colored, drape neck, sleeveless backless dress. The material was the softest satin and the back zipped up only to her waist while the rest was laced up like a corset but skin was still exposed in what Alice declared was a 'tasteful version of sexy.' "You mean unless you're suffocating. " "Woman, this is your- 'sixteenth' birthday-technically and that is a very special year; you're becoming a woman!" "I'm only four-that's not a woman at all." "Four in human years is sixteen in vampire years, Dear." "I know, I know-its four vampire years for every one human year-physically speaking." "Basically, yes I mean it can vary, depending on the situation-especially since you're only half-vampire but yeah it's something like that." She came around to the front of Renesmee and rearranged her hair-she decided to pin it all to one side of her head so it draped over one shoulder. Her hair was so curly that most times, it frustrated Alice because of its unwillingness to be tamed. But today however, it was cooperating quite nicely and once Alice had applied a light amount of makeup-paying closer attention to Renesmee's eyes which she accented with a rosy eye shadow offset by a silver accent on her brow bone-she stood back and smiled. "My most perfect masterpiece yet!" just then her eyes caught sight of a multi-colored bracelet on Renesmee's left wrist and she scowled. "You can't wear this! It ruins my ensemble!" Renesmee jerked her arm away from Alice. "I'm the birthday-woman. I'm wearing it; I never take it off-haven't since Jacob gave it to me-the only time it comes off is in the shower." Alice sighed heavily, throwing her hands up in the air. "Ok-fine. If you want to ruin you're otherwise perfectly vintage look, by all means." Just then the door opened and Jasper poked his head in. "You ladies done primin' yet? The house is already pretty packed-Tanya and them are already here and wantin' to see the little country bell." He winked at Renesmee who giggled at her uncle Jasper's nickname for her; she always loved his charming southern drawl and was always fascinated by his tales of his time as a civil war soldier. "Yes, Jasper we're nearly done, now shoo! Renesmee needs to make a proper entrance!" Jasper exited and Alice followed with Renesmee close behind. They came to the first landing of the stairway and she was already bombarded by hugs and kisses from relatives, cousins and even distant cousins. Just then, Seth Clearwater leapt up the stairs, three at a time and grabbed up Renesmee in a hug. Her relatives shrunk back as they were still un-used to the Cullens consorting with werewolves. "Seth! Oh my gosh, you're here!" "Hey Girl! You look awesome by the way!" "I'm so glad you could make it I-" just then she was interrupted as Edward and Bella came in from outside, their eyes glowing