Ok, so I've been reading a lot of Paul/Bella pairings and I just totally fell in love with the idea! And so I decided to try a little Paul/Bella pairing of my own! Hope you enjoy it and thank you to thewolfgurlgleek, Dance elle Dance, .Hockey, LaughDanceLove, Whispered Howls, Dragons-twilight1992, lalanpoe and Del arco iris for your inspirations! 3 3 3 Chapter 1 "I need to see him." Bella stood in the doorway of Jake's house, face to face with his father, Billy. "I'm sorry, Bell, he's not in." Though confined to a wheelchair, Billy Black could be intimidating, determined and resolute. But his cool indifference to Bella didn't deter her, not this time. Something had happened with her best friend. He was different. One of the last times she'd talked to him, he'd mentioned this 'club' that was run by one of the prominent leaders in his tribe, Sam Uley. This club or better known as the pack, was something that Jacob rarely talked about. Even though he didn't verbalize it, Bella could tell her friend was scared. One by one, he'd watched his friends slowly change and then just disappear. Next time he saw them, they were seen following Sam Uley around like he was some kind of all-powerful being or god. Jacob didn't want anything to do with the pack and deep down, Bella didn't want him anywhere near it. But then, one day, she'd gone to see him, and he was …. changed. There was her beloved Jacob, walking about in the rain, bare-chested, cut off shorts, no shoes and his once long black hair was now shorn close to his head and sweeping wildly in every direction, some falling across his forehead and into his eyes. He'd told her to go away, that she shouldn't be there. That he didn't want her there. She hadn't seen or heard from him since. "Look, Billy, I haven't seen him or talked to him in weeks." She'd called his house, his cell, texted him…never a response. "I'll let him know you stopped by, Bella." Billy calmly replied, his voice laced with that same tense cool indifference. "This is ridiculous, I know what's going on here, what you all are trying to do, but I'm not gonna just…stand by and let him ignore me. I'm sorry but I'm not leaving until I see him, I'll stand out on the porch all day if I have to. But I am going to see him whether you like it or not." And without another word, she pushed past a very surprised and disgruntled Billy and into the house. She headed purposefully down the hall way that lead to Jake's room. Billy attempted to maneuver his wheelchair away from the doorway and towards the hall. "Bella, Bella he's not in right now! And even if he were, you can't see him, you don't understand what he's going through and it's dangerous for you!" Bella, ignoring Billy's pleas, reached Jacob's doorway and pushed it open. She stopped suddenly when she saw her best friend, fast asleep. A small smile crept over her lips as she observed his tall over-sized form sprawled out on the now too-small twin bed. His feet hung well off the foot of the bed while his long toned arms dangled carelessly off the sides, his fingers scraped the floor. Bella was relieved yet a small painful twinge in her heart reminded her that this Jacob was different. What had happened to him? Just then, a loud, authoritative voice sounded from outside. "Jacob!" Bella's eyes shifted from Jake's sleeping form to his window where she glanced a group of dark-skinned men standing at the edge of the property. Sam Uley was leading them. Bella's anger burned, her chocolate brown eyes flashed and her jaw clenched. Turning, she stalked past Billy, down the hall and out the front door. Billy hurriedly followed. "Bella, Bella you can't be here!" Bella ignored him and stalked out across the yard; the closer she got to Sam and his 'pack' the hotter her anger burned. "What did you do?" she screamed in Sam's direction. "What did you do to him?" She was in front of him now, her hands balled into fists at her sides, her eyes fierce. "Bella, you shouldn't be here. You don't understand what's going on, there are things at work here that are much bigger and more powerful than you can imagine…this is no place for you." Sam's voice was steady but harsh. "I know exactly what's going on here!" She screamed at him. Just then, her eyes flitted from him to the group of young boys behind him. She spotted, Quil, Embry, Seth, Collin and Brady. Her heart lurched when she spotted young Seth Clearwater. He was just a boy, barely fifteen and here he was, subjected to the arduous rule of this harsh man; Sam was cold and heartless, Bella was certain of this. "I know what you've done to him. Jacob was just fine before you came and messed up his life. He's just a kid, he's got so much ahead of him and you just robbed him of that! Every single one of these boys…they've given up everything. Just because they're afraid of what you'll do to them and why shouldn't they be? You've forced them to surrender their freedoms to you! You rob them of their boyhood and turn them into men that you send off to do your dirty work. How can you be so heartless to them, to Jake? He needs to be a boy, to run around and be a teenager, WHAT THE HELL KIND OF OWNERSHIP DO YOU THINK YOU HAVE OVER HIM?" Just then, one of the boys caught Bella's attention. He was standing off to Sam's right. Correction, man. She hadn't noticed him before and suddenly realized that he was the only boy in the group she didn't recognize. Collin and Brady she only knew from what Jake had told her and she'd seen them a few times but had never been formally introduced. This man however, she hadn't seen before. He was taller than Jacob and more muscular and developed…if that was even possible. His dark copper skin was smooth and rippled as his muscles flexed. Her eyes quickly appraised him, from his bare feet, all the way up to his sculpted abs, his toned arms and defined chest to his strong jaw line, and defined cheek bones. He was gorgeous, Bella had to admit. Then something caught her…his eyes. Bella was startled for unlike the deep brown eyes of the other boys, his were a dark hunter green, with flecks of black. They were intense, deep, penetrating but he didn't look at her. His eyes were deadly focused on his leader as if every word Sam spoke, his life depended on. The thought made Bella sick. Turning her attention back to Sam, she resumed her rant. "You can't just waltz in here and take ownership of Jake; he's not your property!" The tall man, unbeknownst to Bella, was none other than Paul Lahote, Sam's right hand man who was second in command. He watched as the young Swan girl raged angrily at his leader. He was surprised. From everything Jacob had said about her, Bella Swan was timid, shy, uncertain and fragile. But this woman, she was different. She was bold, intense, defiant and fiery. She took a step towards Sam as her voice raised. Just then, Paul took a step forward and grasped her wrist in an attempt to calm her. "You don't know what Jacob, needs, Bella." He warned her, his tone brazen and harsh. Just then, turning to him, Bella raised her hand and with all the force and strength she could muster, slapped him across the face. The others froze. Just then Bella saw Paul's eyes turn from hunter green, to black in an instant and they burned with growing rage. "Bella, Get back!" Sam's authoritative voice ordered. He took Paul by the arm, attempting to calm him. Bella noticed Paul's hands were shaking, his breathing was labored and a deep low growl rose in his chest. "Paul, calm down, just relax." Sam ordered. Then a convulsive ripple tore through Paul's body. "Paul! Calm down. Bella GET BACK!" Sam was screaming now, but Bella seemed not to hear. "Too late…" Embry's wry voice sounded. Just then another more violent convulsion tore through Paul's body followed by a horrible snapping ripping sound that split the air. "BELLA! GET BACK! NOW!" Just then, Paul's body split in two and a large silver wolf emerged. Bella fell away to the ground, gasping. Just then, the door to Jacob's house flew open and Jake appeared on the porch. "Bella!" he screamed, leaping over the railing and barreling towards her. "Jake, RUN!" Jake came toward her and at the last moment, the same snapping ripping sound split the air as Jacob leapt over her and transformed into a huge, red wolf, mid-air. Landing on all fours in front of her, he faced the larger silver wolf, and snarled viciously. The others stood back to give the two wolves room for the inevitable fight and suddenly, the red wolf charged the other and a violent beat down ensued. Paws flew, claws and teeth were bared as the wolves fought fiercely the silver wolf was larger and stronger but the red wolf had the advantage of slightly quicker speed. "Embry, Seth! Take Bella to Emily's now." Sam ordered. Both boys nodded and moving to Bella, Embry reached down and pulled her to her feet by her arm. Her legs were wobbly and her body was shaking, her eyes wide in terror. "Com'on Bella." Embry took hold of Bella's hand and resting his hand on the small of her back, he and Seth lead her away, she looked back only to see that the others had all vanished into the woods, she could still hear the vicious snarling of the wolves as they faded into the distance. "When you see Emily, don't stare, Sam hates it." "What, what do you mean?" Bella asked, Embry, bewildered. "Well, there was an accident and…" "Seth." Embry gave him a warning look. "What? She's gonna find out eventually." "Then let Sam be the one to tell her, you know how he feels about it." They came to a small cabin that was located on the farthest side of the reservation. As they climbed the steps, the door opened and a tall, slender, woman with long silky straight black hair, stood in the doorway. "Seth, Embry! Come in! Oh, and who's this?" "This is Bella, Sam told us to bring her to your place, Jake and Paul got into a fight." Emily gave a startled look. "You mean a fight or a…. fight?" Both boys nodded, at which Emily just shook her head. "What happened?" "It, it was my fault it…I…" Bella answered timidly. "I was upset and I was asking Sam what he was doing to Jake and it just…" "Paul tried to calm her down and she hauled off and smacked him good, right across the face!" Seth piped up, his voice a little overly excited. Emily gave a knowing look then turned to Bella; her eyes were kind and sympathetic. "It's alright Bella, I can't really blame you. I may be Sam's fiancée but sometimes…the way that he does things can be…frustrating and difficult." She chose her words carefully, not wanting to discredit Sam, especially in front of Embry and Seth. "And as for Paul…well I have to admit, I'm surprised you were so brazen with him, he's the most volatile, hot-headed and hot-tempered man I know. He's always had great difficulty controlling his temper; he gets it from his father. Sam has worked with him very strenuously and he is improving…" Embry scoffed. "He'll always be hot-headed. There ain't nothing in this world that can cure Paul of that temper, he'll always be