"Forever" "Nan Barad, Limwen!" he said. She was rooted to the spot at the sight of the uru-kai behind him. "Move. Go and help him," she ordered herself. Her body would not obey. She watched in horror as the uru-kai's ax fell. "HALDIR!" Limwen woke up screaming Haldir's name. She sat upright and momentarily forgot where she was. Her breathing and heart rate slowed as the memories from the past three day's crashed down upon her: Haldir's burial, the trek into Fangorn forest, and the nightmares that haunted her since that fateful night. Limwen lay back down in her sleeping pallet and sobbed quietly. "It's my fault that Haldir's dead." She chastised herself. "If I would have kept running toward him I could have saved him. I let my best friend down." Her sobs grew more frequent as she flipped through the "what if?" scenarios. She buried her face in her hands. As her body shook with sobs, she felt a hand rub her back in soothing circular motions. Her shaking subsided and her sobs quieted with each stroke. When she had calmed down she turned to face the one who had calmed her. The tears were still rolling down her face. Legolas was kneeled beside her, his sky-blue eyes brimming with concern for her. Limwen dove into his arms and wept. Legolas stroked her head running his fingers through her hair. After a few moments Limwen looked up again distracted by a noise coming from the ancient forest. They heard a twig snap in the woods. Limwen's hand moved toward her sword as Legolas drew his bow. They listened intently as they watched a figure emerge from the forest. They breathed a sigh of relief when they recognized their friend Aragorn. Limwen and Legolas lowered their weapons as Aragorn sheathed his elven knife. Aragorn had been scouting ahead for the past few days. "The woods are as quiet as tomb'' Aragorn said as warmed his hands by the dying fire. "We must be on our guard." Limwen nodded in agreement as she tried to camouflage a huge yawn. But the sharp-sighted Aragorn took notice and called her out. "My lady, I do believe you should rest." he said gently. As much as Limwen wanted to argue, she knew his advice was wise. She was exhausted. She lied back on her pallet and fell asleep listening Legolas humming an elven lullaby. Limwen awoke to the grumbling of Gimli about the lack of meat on this trip. She gave a slight chuckle as she stretched in the early morning sunlight. She had slept a deep dreamless sleep. Even if it was only for a few hours, it was the best sleep she had all week. Hurrying to get started early this morning, Limwen nibbled on a corner of lembas bread as she saddled her beautiful horse, a chestnut mare named Raina. She drew a red cape out of her saddle bag and fingered the light fabric. It was silky and light yet so close-knit it kept out cold. She traced the shape of brooch that held the cloak around the wearer's shoulders. A small tear escaped her deep sapphire eye, ran down her pale cheek and onto the cape where it disappeared into the folds of the fabric. Limwen quickly wiped her eyes and threw the cape around her shoulders. It was a little big on her but she didn't mind. As she mounted her horse, last night's nightmare filled her thoughts again: her friend Haldir's death and her fear obscuring her ability to save him. A wave of guilt washed over her. It clouded her thoughts and feelings. She heard a voice off in the distance. "Lady Limwen, we must go." Limwen emerged from her mental fog to see four men staring at her with puzzled looks. Limwen brushed off the men's reaction and nodded. She nudged her horse forward and took her place beside Legolas and Gimli but said nothing. They rode through Fangorn in silence. Legolas sensed the forest had calmed since they had last been there. No more anger, the air seemed almost victorious. The air was ripe with it as they neared Isengard. He heard voices up ahead but didn't draw his bow. They reached the edge of the forest and were blinded for a moment by the early morning light. Two small figures stood on pile rubble. "Welcome, my lords, to Isengard" It was Merry and Pippin. The two hobbits Gimli had taken under his wing. "You young rascals," Legolas heard Gimli bellow behind him. "We were looking for you for days and here we find you feasting and smoking!" "We are sitting on a field of victory enjoying a few well-earned comforts," said Pippin. "We have orders from Treebeard who has taken over management of Isengard." declared Merry "Treebeard?" asked Limwen. Everyone turned toward her. She had been silent all morning. "The greatest Ent of all, my lady," said Pippin "And may I be so bold to ask who you are?" His blue eyes shined with curiosity. "Limwen daughter of Erurainon of Gondor and you are?" Pippin never faltered. "I am Perigrin Took and this is Merydock Brandybuck. We are from the noble land of the Shire." He and Merry clumsily bowed low. Limwen giggled. She liked the hobbits immediately. "Maybe looking after the halflings will take my mind off things." Limwen thought. The hobbits hopped down from their perch and onto the ground. "Lead us to Treebeard if you please my little friends," said Gandalf. Pippin climbed on with Aragorn and Merry climbed on with Eomer and they lead the party into Isengard. They rode through what seemed to be shallow lake as the two hobbits explained how Isengard had fallen from Saruman's rule. Legolas had never seen the Ents in such a large gathering before in all of his years on Middle Earth. The party approached the tallest Ent at the base of the black tower of Isengard. Limwen gazed upon the Ent in wonder. There was something about him that made her feel safe and calm. "There's a wizard to manage here locked in his tower." Treebeard said slowly "And there Saruman must remain." Gandalf said. "Well let's just have his head and be done with it." said Gimli gruffly. Limwen agreed with Gimli after all this technically was the person who had killed Haldir and she was itching to seek her revenge. She fingered her sword silently. "He has no power anymore," said Gandalf. Limwen sighed and pushed her sword back into its sheath. She knew Gandalf was right as usual. "Pippin!" Limwen was startled by Aragorn's voice. Then she noticed the young hobbit pick up a black glass ball with what looked like smoke swirling inside it. "A palantir," she gasped. Gandalf heard her and looked at Pippin who was examining the palantir with great curiosity. "Perigrin Took," said Gandalf startling the halfling. "I'll take that. Quickly now," He reached for the palantir. Limwen watched as the foolish hobbit relunctantly gave the palantir to the wizard. Gandalf wrapped the palantir in his robe and said nothing more on the subjects. "We ride to Edoras," Theoden said. As they galloped a way, Limwen glanced back at the black tower of Isengard for last time. The Golden Hall was packed with people attending the feast celebrating the victory at Helm's Deep. Limwen stood in between Legolas and Aragorn and held her mug of ale high as Theoden toasted the fallen men in the battle. "Today we remember those who gave their blood to defend this country," Theoden proclaimed. "Hail the victorious dead!" "HAIL!" everyone cried except Limwen, Legolas, and Aragorn. Painful memories flooded into Limwen's mind as she sipped her ale after the toast. How could anyone be feasting on this somber occasion? Of course, the men of Rohan were rejoicing. They had overcome impossible odds to beat Sarumon's army. It still did not ease the grief in Limwen's heart. Even as she watched the two hobbits, Merry and Pippin, singing a hobbit's tavern song while dancing on a table, the pain in her heart would not subside. She forced a smile to those around her but did not eat and gave a polite negative refusal when someone asked her to dance. She quietly slipped out of the Golden Hall and looked out over the city of Edoras the sun was setting in the west. Its light was dying on the peaks of the mountains. All seemed peaceful if it weren't for the ever-growing darkness to the east, Limwen shook her head and leaned against one the hall's large columns separating the archways. Her hair was down except for two sections at her temples with twisted and pulled behind her head and wavy and her gown was emerald in color and simple in design with a square neckline. She laid her head back against the column and closed her eyes to rest her mind from of all of the negative feelings. She breathed deeply and sunk into her own form of meditation. She must have had fallen asleep for she woke up in her bed. Still dressed but her hair was unplaited. It was still dark out. She couldn't have slept for more than two hours. Still, she found herself unable to go back to sleep. She pulled on her ankle high leather boots and donned on her warmest cloak. She grabbed a small candle to light her way in the dark halls and out to the front platform of the Golden Hall. She padded down the halls silently careful not to wake those who had drifted off to sleep before they reached their rooms. The stars in the west were clear and bright but those to the east were cloaked in the shadow of Mordor. She noticed to men on the eastern side of the platform. She hoped not to disturb them and turned around silently. But as she took a step forward, she heard a voice. "Limwen, you do not have to leave." Limwen recognized the voice as Aragorn's. "I have disturbed you," she said. "No, you have not, Limwen. Come," he said. Limwen walked toward them and recognized the second figure as Legolas. He had not touched her or spoken to her since that night in Fangorn. His eyes were closed and he was muttering in Elvish but his voice was so low she could not understand. She was about to ask Aragorn about him but he held his hand up to stop her. Suddenly Legolas's crystalline light blue eyes flew open. "The stars are veiled. Something stirs in the East, a sleepless malice. The eye of the enemy is moving." Legolas looked over to Aragorn and was somewhat surprised to see Limwen there. He had put her in bed hours ago. Still it was comforting to her have her presence there. His eyes again turned to the east as if looking for something in the distance. Limwen looked too, her eyes slowly passed over the mountains to the east. As her eyes drew closer to Mordor, she grew cold and felt someone or something staring at her and boring burning holes into her soul. She shuddered. "He is here," said Legolas. "The palantir," breathed Limwen. Without another word the three companions ran toward the Golden Hall to find Gandalf. Legolas used his elven hearing to guide them to wear Gandalf was. He heard faint cries of the name Pippin this only quickened his pace. He guided them to a door at the end of the hall and burst through it. The horrific sight was almost unbearable to witness. Pippin was convulsing on the floor with the flaming palantir in his hands. Limwen covered her mouth with her hands to stifle a scream. Aragorn took the palantir from Pippin's hands and sank to the floor with Limwen and Legolas by his side to help him up again. The palantir rolled out of his hands and rolled along the