Well I've got a thick skin And an elastic heart But your blade might be too sharp. I'm like a rubber band Until you pull too hard Well I messed up and I moved on. You won't see me fall apart Cause I've got an elastic heart. - Elastic Heart , Sia I'm posting this new story against my better judgment of finishing Down the Aisle first. But this story came alive in my head this morning and I knew I needed to write it. Be warned: it made me cry. For those star-crossed lovers, whose destinies seemed intertwined but never joined. July 1, 2006, The Barracks Today sucked. Like worse than the usual amount of suckiness. This whole Titan War has got everyone on edge and I'm also really terrified. Everyone keeps looking at me like I'm going to be the death of them, which I probably am. It's like every birthday they know I'm just getting closer and close to judgement day and every year they just get more and more terrified of me. I hate being the son of Jupiter. Why couldn't I be the son of, I don't know, Ceres. I'd grow some wheat, some corn, some barley, and everyone would like me. Instead I get to be the son of the biggest, baddest, boldest god, and everyone either expects me to save them or kill them. I hate being the son of Jupiter. Dakota tried to cheer me by stealing all of Octavian's pins so he had to run around camp holding his toga up. But it kept slipping so we had a nice show of Octavian's boxers. It was funny, for a while. But it doesn't change the fact that Octavian keeps smirking at me like he knows exactly how I'm going to die and he knows it's going to be really painful. Why else would he be smiling at me like I was the greatest gift he's ever gotten? He hates me, I know it. So another birthday has come and gone and all it brought was more guilt and responsibility. I'm sick of this shit-show. (I'm starting to like cussing, it's liberating). July 14, 2006, The Barracks Dakota and I had a desperate plan to save the Fifth Cohort from humiliation during tonight's War Games, but as usual, we ended up looking like the biggest losers in the universe. I love this Cohort but sometimes I really wish they'd start taking training more seriously. We could be great, I know it. They've got so much potential in them, why do they all think they're losers? Maybe because we keep making them feel like losers, all the time. It sucks that I don't know how to make them feel differently. September 1, 2016, Livy's apartment Julia has got to be the sweetest baby sister on earth. I miss Thalia. September 5, 2016 The Forum We're watching the fireworks right now. I love fireworks. Why do people love fireworks? What is it about them that makes people ooh and aah even though they've seen them a million times? I asked Dakota and he said I was just overthinking it, as usual. "They're just fireworks. They're nice and loud. So shut up and just enjoy the show." But then I looked over to my left and this new girl at camp was sitting there, her legs crossed, hands folded on her legs, and her face turned towards the sky. There were tears running down her cheeks and she quickly wiped them away. I looked away before she could see me. I didn't think she'd want me to see that she was crying, and honestly, I was embarrassed. But now I wonder why she's so sad, and why the fireworks made her cry. September 6, 2016, The Barracks Today, the new girl surprised me by looking at me. I know that's weird to say, but she actually looked at me. Like she was waiting for me to say something. Maybe she knew I'd seen her crying at the picnic. But then I looked away and when I looked back at her, she was talking to the boy beside her. But now she looked a lot less tense. Maybe she did know and she was afraid I would ask her about it. I'm not. The whole thing just makes me uncomfortable. I have enough problems to worry about. I don't need to worry about everyone. I snapped the journal shut, loudly, and I was almost tempted to throw it across the room. But I didn't. I only had one place to let myself think what I really thought, so this book, even though it was just a book, was precious. So I just stuffed it back under my mattress, stretched up, turned off the light, and burrowed down under my blankets. Tomorrow would be just as good for worrying about my responsibilities. But when I woke up the next morning, life just needed to punch me in the face. When I showed up to training, the Third Cohort was there. "Why are they here?" Dakota grumbled. "Because legionnaire," Philip said dangerously, "I ordered it." Philip was one of our praetors. He didn't look like much, but he was strong, quick, and intelligent. He made one helluva leader. "The Fifth Cohort, as you may all have noticed, is the shame of this legion." Some members of the Third laughed, and I had to clench my fists to stop from punching one of them. "Perhaps, working with the Third might motivate them to step up to the plate. I'll start with a demonstration. Ramirez!" The new girl's head snapped up. "Yes Praetor Hall?" Jheez, she needed to loosen up. "You're new, let's break you in." Her jaw clenched and unclenched so fast that if I hadn't been staring at her, I wouldn't have noticed. Then she straightened her shoulders, nodded, and stepped in front of Philip. She looked so tiny, even in comparison to Philip, whose lanky body towered over her. "Alright Ramirez, try to block me." That was totally unfair. He hadn't prepped her at all. But she just bent her knees, widened her stance, and put her fists up. Philip started barreling towards her. I knew what he was going to do – try to break her stance and land her on her back. But suddenly she smiled, and when he was close enough, she sidestepped him, tugged his right arm back, swung him around, and pushed him flat on his back. The she put her right knee on his chest, pulled out her dagger and pushed it against his throat. "Dead," she said calmly. She had stunned everyone into silence. Holy shit. I couldn't believe she'd just done that. She'd only been her for a few days and she already fought like a legion veteran. Then Philip started laughing. "We'll make a fine warrior out of you Ramirez." She stood up, and he followed. "Pair up everyone." Dakota turned towards me. "I meant one person from Fifth pairs up with another from Third. The gods know you all don't need to be fighting each other." Grumbling from the fifth. I hated when the rest of the camp shamed us, it was even worse coming from the praetor who was supposed to be on everyone's side. Everyone separated and somehow I found myself standing in front of the new girl. I nodded at her and she pulled out her dagger. Without speaking, we started to spar, and before I even knew what was happening, she was standing behind me, both hands around my neck, one pressing the dagger against my throat. She was taller than me, I noticed. She let go and we started again. She ducked my swings, and came back up with the point of her dagger against my throat. She kept it there for a few seconds and then pulled back. Then she put her dagger away. "Bare hands," she said. The first words she'd ever said to me. I tried a few quick jabs. She ducked them all, landed one in my stomach, spun around, and kicked me in the jaw. I fell to my knees and tasted blood. "Jesus! Are you even trying?" she asked me irritably. I looked up at her to find her glowering at me. "If you're not going to fight back, you might as well just give me the pleasure of using you as a punching bag instead of falling to your knees like a damsel in distress." That made me angry, I growled and pulled out my gladius, straightening up. She smirked at me. "Good, you're angry. Use it." I jabbed at her. She spun out of the way, and smacked the hilt of her sword onto my wrist, making me drop it. As I bent to pick it up she said, "It's not a toothpick that you just jab randomly. Think of it as an extension of your arm. Swing it like it's your arm. Trust it the way you trust your body." "I'm not sure I trust that so much right now." Puberty, after all. She frowned at me, and stepped really close, so that her face was just an inch away from mine. "Is this some kind of joke to you? We're in the middle of a war and we need every soldier we can get to fight. If we have to rely on you to help us win, we're all going to die." I'd had enough berating for one day. "Why do you need me if you're so good then?" "I worked hard to get this good. You're just a lazy, entitled, son of Jupiter. You think you don't have to work for anything!" I stepped closer to her. "You don't know anything about me. You just got here. I'm not the one who goes around crying at picnics." She was furious, her eyes burning with rage. She punched me and I pushed her, hard – she fell down. I hadn't expected her to be so light. She was getting to her feet, preparing for another punch, rage burning in every line of her face. How could such a tiny person be so angry? "You stupid, arrogant, weak, no-good piece of shit." She was going to land a hard punch, I could see it. I picked up my gladius. "Try punching me now, cry-baby." She screamed and pulled her fist back but just then Philip came running up and grabbed her, picking her up off the ground. She was kicking furiously, still yelling "I'll get you for that!" He spun around and put her down, turning back to me. She was still trying to get to me, but Philip put his arms out, holding her back. "Ramirez, enough!" he growled. She glared at him, every part of her body poised in rebuke, but she stood down. "Well we thank you both for that wonderful piece of entertainment. Unfortunately, it was completely tasteless so you'll spend the afternoon washing up dishes after dinner." I glared at her and she glared back, her fists clenched tightly at her sides. There went a perfectly good afternoon. That afternoon we were standing side by side washing dishes. Who knew a couple of Roman demigods could use these many dishes. I was staring to despair that we'd be here all night. And the water was starting to get cold. But it wasn't nearly as cold as the girl standing beside me. She didn't say a word, just dumping the dishes in the soapy water, scrubbing them, and then handing them to me to rinse. Finally, I decided to break the silence. "Listen, I'm sorry I pushed you." "No you're not." I clenched my jaw. "And I'm sure you're sorry about all those things you said about me." "Nope." "Are you at least sorry you punched me?" "Nope." "You know this whole exercise is supposed to help us bond or something, not just punish us." "Not my problem." "What