Dad drove me to the airport. He tried to talk me out of the move, right before I boarded. But I'd made up my mind weeks ago that I was going to live in Forks with my mom and he was going to have the time of his life in Paris, Rome and Beijing, working alongside my awesome step-mom, Penny. It was ridiculous for him to pass this job up when I only had about two more years of dependence left. Seriously, it wouldn't make sense. So we said our final goodbyes, Dad pulled me in for a tight, longer than normal hug, and I was on the plane with my waterproof jacket over my arm and a paperback in my pocket. As it usually was in Washington, the sky was cloudy and dark when my mom and I walked out of the airport. I'd said farewell to sunlight and warmth back in Phoenix, so putting on my jacket wasn't as monumental as I'd thought it would be. No violins yet. "So, how was your flight?" Carly, my mom, asked while she led me to her car. "It was good," I said lamely. "I finished my book." "That's cool. What book?" "Uh, Sherlock Holmes." "Is it good?" "Sure. It's a classic." Mom nodded, her curly hair bouncing on her shoulders, and popped the trunk. She was shorter than me by about a foot and her hair was lighter brown, more chocolaty than muddy. She had blue eyes and was pretty as far as mothers go. Somehow, the combination of both my attractive parents made a nondescript child like me. I might have more of my dad's features, but my personality was more like my mother's. Quiet. Shy. It'd be interesting, not to mention a little awkward, living with someone as quiet as I was; conversation in the car certainly was. "I've been looking for a job for you, like you asked," she said a few minutes later, just as we pulled onto the highway. "There are a couple of places I think you'd like working at." "Yeah? Where?" Please, don't say restaurant. "Well, I looked into a few food places," she started, "and I checked with a couple of stores. Several were looking to hire." "Thanks, Mom," I said, trying not to act like some petulant teenager. I don't think Carly would know what to do with that. My lack of enthusiasm spurred her into adding, "There was also an opening at the old folks' home, helping the grounds-keeper… I didn't think you'd…" "No…" I interrupted, "I think that sounds like my kind of thing. Thanks, Mom." "You're welcome," my mom answered. Her opinion about my preference in jobs was unreadable. I had to do community service for a class once and I'd really liked talking to the old guys in the rest home back in Phoenix. My dad always teased me about it, saying that I was fifty years old already on the inside. I'd never argued with him; I didn't get along with kids my own age very well. The rest of our ride was quiet. I could sense a pattern forming. I spent the silence looking out at the never-ending forest, wondering if I would recognize some of the trees around the house in Forks. I was pretty sure I'd get pneumonia a month into my stay, with all the water in the air. At the very least, I was sure to become color blind and never be able to tell the difference between green and gray again. The house had the same square-footage as a handkerchief: white siding, navy blue door, two-bedrooms, one bathroom, tiny kitchen, and small living room. It was a good thing there were just two of us. My room hadn't even been touched since my Dad whisked me away to Phoenix. The blue wallpaper was outdated, but I could see Carly had tried to upgrade things; there was a desk instead of a changing table and a bed instead of crib. The wooden rocking chair from my baby days was still there in the corner. "So…" my mom said, setting one of my bags on the bed, straightening the patchwork quilt as she talked. "I was thinking for dinner we could go to the restaurant on Main Street. You remember the owner, right? Marissa Yorkie?" "Uh, not really. Sorry." I started dumping out my clothes on the floor in front of the dresser. Carly waved her hand, "Doesn't matter. Does that sound alright, though? I don't really have anything to eat in the house right now…" "Yeah, it's fine," I answer, shrugging as I knelt and started to fold the pile of clothes, placing them in the drawers. "Great," Carly says, giving me a wan half-smile. "So uh… I've got work to catch up on. I'll let you get to it." She left. That's one good thing about my mom; she doesn't hover. It would've been nigh on impossible to get rid of Penny, my step-mom. I sighed despondently, tossing a shirt into the dresser, and shifted around to sit with my back to the wall, staring out the green-infested window. My mom was the D.A. in Forks. The town was so small, even a small-talker like her could be a lawyer. I had never asked why, but being the D.A. meant a lot to Carly; she'd fought tooth and nail for the position, and she worked her fingers to the bone to keep it. My dad said that, even after I was born, she had barely spent more than four hours of the day at home. It was why my dad had filed for divorce, saying that her marriage to her job was more important than theirs. The judge had agreed, and my dad had been given custody of me, their son. Carly hadn't fought the decision. Again, I had never asked why. I stood and walked over to the window. Trees surrounded the yard so that the neighbors were screened from sight. The lot across the street was owned by one of the neighbors, and they'd left it unused. If I were to go on looks alone, it would seem that the house was miles away from everything. It wasn't hard to imagine just how alone that would make me. Fighting the feelings of misery, I turned back to my room and set to work. Fifteen minutes later, clothes put away, books stacked along the back of the desk, shoes and all my other crap in the closet, and I was done. No one would ever have a reason to call me sentimental, at least not when talking about personal effects. I walked down the stairs, purposely making my steps heavy and loud so I wouldn't have to announce my appearance. I ended up having to anyway, since Carly was waist-deep in her books in the living room. Forks and Spoons. That was the name of the dinner she took me to. The name was a lot funnier when I was little. I could barely remember the last time I came here, back before Carly had started visiting me in Phoenix instead of me coming to Forks. Carly went through the doors first and she was greeted by several of the customers. I followed her to an empty table, regretting my decision to pull down the hood of my jacket; everybody was staring. Literally everyone. A couple would guiltily drop their eyes when I made eye contact, but most would just keep on staring right back at me. Small-townies. I shifted in my seat, pulling the menu up in order to hide behind it. The owner of the dinner, Marissa Yorkie, appeared about a second later. She was a middle-aged woman with really thick glasses, and she couldn't seem to decide who to look at, me or Carly, when she was taking my mom's order. I hadn't actually looked at the menu, so I just ordered the same thing. "So, you're starting school tomorrow, aren't you Brennan?" Mrs. Yorkie asked, putting her hand on her hip. I nodded, smiling politely. "Well, I'll have to let my daughter know to look out for you! It's always nice to know someone on your first day!" she exclaimed and when I didn't reply, walked away. "So… uh…" Carly started, leaning her elbows on the table. "How's… how's your dad? When does he leave for that job?" "He's fine. He and Penny are leaving at the end of the month." Carly smiled awkwardly and fiddled with her sleeve, "That's good. Really good. I'm happy for them." I just nodded my head. This subject was even more awkward than most others. It was kind of obvious that Carly had never gotten over my dad. She'd kept all of the old paintings he'd hung up around the house and I knew for a fact that she still had one of his old jackets hanging in the closet. I don't think she even officially changed her name back to Thompson until my dad married Penny a year ago. "As for tomorrow, do you need anything? Pencils, notebooks…?" Carly asked. I shook my head, "No. I've got everything. Thanks, Mom." "Well um…" she tucked a piece of hair behind her hair, "do you need me to drop you off in the morning? I know you want to save up for a car…" "Yeah thanks but um… I'll probably just walk. It isn't that far from the house, is it?" "No, it's not. Just right off Main Street. We passed it on the way here." I nodded without comment. A sinking feeling was beginning to pull at my stomach. I'd never been the out-going type. That, coupled with the fact that everyone around here had been together since they were in diapers, ensured that I was definitely out of my element. The entire student body at Forks High was probably smaller than my old school's senior class. There'd be nowhere to hide in a school so small. "Hey, Carly!" We both looked up in surprise to see a teenage girl walking towards us. She wore an overly large sweatshirt and a baseball cap backwards over her messy ponytail. She couldn't be any older than fifteen, being so stick-thin and lanky. Judging by her coppery-toned skin and jet-black, bone-straight hair, I would guess that she was of American Indian decent. I knew there was a reservation close-by. "Jackie! Hi!" Carly said warmly. "What are you doing in town?" The girl, Jackie, grabbed a chair from one of the unoccupied tables and dragged it over to ours, sitting down. "I was just dropping off some of my mom's tea to Mr. Harley. I saw your car outside and decided to come say hi before I go home." "Well, you know my son Brennan," Carly said, smiling over at me. "Brennan, this is Jackie Black. Betty Black's daughter." Betty was my mom's best friend, or the closest that she could get, working the hours she did. I used to play with Robbie and Rickie, Beth's twin sons about my age, when I was visiting up here. I could vaguely remember there being a little sister. "Hi," I greeted. "What's up?" Jackie asked, smiling. "You're coming to live here, huh? You ready for your first day of school?" Jackie drawled, rolling her eyes up and biting her lip in fake enthusiasm, lifting her hands with her thumb and pinkie outstretched. "Eh…" I hedged, shrugging. I didn't really want to go into it, seeing as how I'd already had this conversation about twenty seconds ago. "Do you go to the school out here?" I asked. "Nah. I go to school on the rez. Too bad, huh?" I nodded. It would've been nice to know someone before I showed up on the first day. Jackie seemed cool. "You guys coming to my mom's birthday party on Saturday?" Jackie asked. "Oh, I really don't know, Jackie," my mom said worriedly. "I definitely want to, but I