Author's Note/Disclaimer: I'm writing a LoTR Merry/Pippin modern AU. I think J.R.R would write me off as irredeemable, to be honest, though I mean no harm. The problem with Pippin was…well… Pippin . By all rights, it shouldn't have been so. Or, at the very least, the problem of Pippin shouldn't have been Merry's problem. It didn't make sense. They weren't taking any of the same classes – they weren't even in the same year at Uni. They were sharing digs, but that didn't necessarily mean anything. For the last two years, Merry had been sharing with a third person, called Tim, who he rarely even saw – the last time had been after they'd flooded his room…which was Pippin's fault, come to think of it, because he'd decided that he needed proof of Tim's alleged existence, and come up with the whole idea. "But on the bright side," he whispered afterwards, as they mopped furiously and tried to appease the six foot three, shovel-fisted, damp menace that answered to the name Tim, "at least we've proved that he's not just a figment of your imagination." (They were never getting their housing deposits back). The point…the point was – oh yes, that there was no reason that Pippin, though definitely a problem in general, should have become Merry's problem in particular. Except that – no getting around it – he was. Pippin had just shown up one day with a landlord-issued key to the grotty front door, and – and happened to Merry, setting himself right smack in the centre of Merry's orbit, like a green-eyed, curly-haired sun. And Merry had just…gone along with that. Maybe it was because there was no badness in Pippin. No sense either, mind, but no badness. Pippin was near terminally likeable – which was both a good and a necessary thing, because when one had a habit of doing things like covering passed-out strangers at house-parties with post-its and permanent marker doodles ("Just to see what would happen!") or trying (with mixed results) to lift food from the cafeteria without paying ("It keeps the staff on their toes, doesn't it? When you look at it like that, we're doing them a service") then one needed every drop of charisma at one's disposal. Still, the fact that whatever Pippin had invariably just done was motivated by mischief as opposed to malice tended to put Merry firmly on Pippin's side. Or rather, firmly by Pippin's side – and holding the permanent markers and the post-its, like as not. And Merry had to admit that Pippin was fun. Of course, it was the kind of fun that always seemed to come with consequences – like post-flood mildew, or a lifetime ban from the campus cafeteria, or the vague possibility of death should the muttering stranger with the felt tip whiskers on his cheeks find them crouched behind the sofa. But strangely enough, these consequences didn't appear to act as a deterrent to his friendship with Pippin, rather, in their own way, they served to almost heighten the fun. Still, Merry had never claimed to be a bastion of sense or good judgment in general, only in comparison to Pippin. (Of course there were other times when Merry thought, rather more prosaically, that perhaps their closeness could be accounted for by the simple fact that they both had the singular misfortune of possessing birth names that were even worse than their nicknames). In any case, whether any of it made sense or not, it all came down to the same thing in the end – Pippin was Merry's friend, or, to put it less charitably, Pippin was Merry's problem . It began like this – "Merry! Good!" Pippin caught hold of his arm, pulling it back and causing a small deluge of drink to slop over his fingers. "Stand there and look besotted!" Merry stared at him. "I didn't say gormless – I said besotted ." Pippin glanced over his shoulder, before whirling back around and grabbing Merry's arm again. More drink splashed floorwards. "Bugger – here he comes." "What's going on, Pip?" Merry asked. There was an ominous feeling in his gut, and he immediately began scouting the pub for the nearest exit. "It's not ideal, of course," Pippin said, ignoring his question, "but he is short-sighted so…it might work…maybe…" he squinted at Merry's face, before trailing off. " What might work?" Merry demanded, slightly nettled by the dubious look on Pippin's face. Before he could answer, Pippin was turning him around. The remainder of Merry's drink spilled onto his shoes. "David!" Pippin called cheerfully to the tall, bespectacled figure that immediately materialized in front of them. Merry blinked. "Pippin!" David seemed no less delighted to see Pippin. Until his eyes wavered right, and then downwards, to where Pippin's fingers had slipped into Merry's. It wasn't an altogether unusual occurrence – Pippin tended to be affectionate when drunk. And also when sober. "And this is Merry," Pippin said. "Of course." "Oh." David scrutinized him closely. "Of c – that's Merry?" Merry frowned. "Who were you ex" – Pippin squeezed his hand hard, bringing him to an abrupt stop. "The one and only," he said, turning his head and looking at Merry with an expression on his face that could only be described as 'gormless.' Merry tilted his head to the side. Well…'besotted' might be another word for it…he supposed, though that didn't seem quite applicable here. He stared harder at Pippin, who blinked back fatuously at him. Merry wondered if he'd hit his head recently. "Oh." David didn't sound any happier this time, and he just stood there for several seconds like a slowly deflating balloon before marshalling a smile and saying, "Well…I suppose I'll just – leave you two to it, then." When Merry snapped his head around, David had retreated back into the crowd of students. "What was that about?" he asked. Pippin shrugged. The gormless look had vanished. "Nothing. I was just trying to let the poor lad down easy." "You were" – Merry stopped, glancing between Pippin and the direction David had disappeared. "You mean he – David – wanted…with you " – "You don't have to sound so surprised," Pippin said, managing to sound both amused and offended. He pulled his hand out of Merry's, to better poke him in the side. "I'll have you know, Merry Brandybuck, that I am a person with many intriguing qualities." Merry snorted. Unquelled, Pippin continued, "And one or two of those qualities might have caught David's fancy." "Don't worry Pip – I'm sure he would have sobered up sooner rather than later," Merry made himself say. "Couldn't take the risk, could I? You know me – caution is my middle name. And that is where you came in." "Me?" "Well, you wouldn't let me throw my life away on something that's not meant to be, would you?" Merry had to point out, "I dunno. That's never stopped me before." Pippin ignored this, and almost as an afterthought, he mused, "Of course you couldn't. Especially not when you have the prior claim on my affections." "Prior claim? Hang on a minute – I don't have any claim on you. Or your affections." Pippin threw an arm around his shoulders, and with perfect, piss-taking sincerity, said, "Y'see – that's the sort of noble attitude that shows just why I had to choose you ." As an isolated incident, this would have mattered little. Merry put the whole thing very firmly to one side, only looking at it in odd moments, sideways and out of the corner of his eye – which was very nearly the same thing as forgetting about it. The real problem began when Pippin, like a particularly eager puppy, kept fetching that very same situation (or variations thereof) and dropping it into Merry's lap. Because Pippin had hurled himself into the college gay scene with the same exuberant abandon he threw himself into everything – and with about the same results. Which meant that, as generally happened, it was largely up to Merry to dig him out of any number of scrapes. Helping Pippin out was just what he did – and there was no reason for this to be any different. Except…it was different, and Merry couldn't exactly explain why. Every time he felt Pippin's fingers against the crook of his elbow, or Pippin's voice in his ear, muttering things like, "On the count of three, be smitten," or "Infatuated – not constipated," or, "How are you at making sheep's eyes?" – he felt…not resentful exactly, but – chafed. Like Pippin was inadvertently pressing down on a sore spot or a bruise. Still, he always went along with it (after the briefest of whispered arguments). Looking out for Pippin was an ingrained habit by now. Plus, when you considered what the poor sods interested in Pippin were letting themselves in for, he was doing a good turn all round. He shouldn't have felt that persistent niggle of irritation at all. Except that he did. It wasn't because Pippin seemed to have an unerring knack for requiring Merry at precisely the moment when he'd finally succeeded in striking up a conversation with someone he wouldn't mind getting to know better (and now never would). It wasn't even the fact that Pippin had a tendency to flirt for ages with blokes who were built like brick shithouses before saying things like, "Oh, well – I'd best be getting back to my boyfriend. That's him – that's Merry. He's the jealous type, y'know…" No, he was annoyed because – "I don't like feeling like a prop." He stared up at the ceiling as Pippin frowned and shifted onto his side in the bed. Pippin had the windowless and miserable box room, so it had quickly been settled (without ever really being discussed at all) that Pippin had a half-share in Merry's room. Which of course included a half-share in Merry's bed. Merry would have put up more of an objection to this, except that on the nights Pippin wasn't there, he found it almost impossible to get to sleep. "A prop?" Pippin repeated. "You mean – like a bowl or a ball or something?" "Yes – exactly. A prop. That's what I feel like whenever you wheel me out to pretend to be your boyfriend." "If I'm wheeling you out, wouldn't you be a wheelchair?" Pippin pursed his lips. "I can't see anyone being put off if I introduce them to a wheelchair." With a thoughtfulness that sent shivers down Merry's spine, he continued, "Maybe if you were in the wheelchair…" "No – that's not what I meant. I meant – that's how it feels. It feels like I'm just a prop when you do that." Pippin considered this. "That's a good point," he said slowly. He sat up. " That is a very good point, Merry." Merry felt something inside him relax slightly. "You really think so?" "Of course. You know, I've been thinking the same thing, actually." "Good." Merry waited. "Well?" he asked. "What are we going to do about it?" Pippin looked at him, like the answer was obvious. "If you feel like a prop, then you should stop standing around and do something." "Like what?" "I don't know… try putting your arm around me for a start. You're supposed to be madly in love with me, after all – you could take a bit more of an interest." Merry blinked. "That's…not what I meant. I don't think." "What did you mean, then?" Pippin asked. "I don't – it's just…" when he looked away from Pippin, the words came out more easily. "Why do you always have to do that anyway? Pretend I'm your boyfriend. Can't you just – I don't know – be honest?" "D'you want to get me killed?" "Well, all right," Merry acknowledged. "But couldn't you try a different lie, at least?" "But this one works so well," Pippin argued.