Perseus: Son of Jupiter Optimus Maximus Hey guys. I couldn't fit the entire summary in the description box so here's a more detailed summary. Most of us have seen stories where Percy is adopted by Hades and is the son of Poseidon. Then usually Zeus wants to execute him and for the rest of the story he's the huge dick in the sky. Well in this story Jupiter is Percy's dad. Percy is the eldest child of Jupiter/Zeus and Beryl Grace. However something is different about Percy. It's because of something that was different with his conception and birth, something that both aspects of his father is desperate to cover up. (Percy is currently six and a half, Jason is four and three months, and Thalia is five and a half. The ages are messed up I know but it would be really hard to write if I left them the way they were in canon.) House of Beryl Grace: 3rd Person Pov: Beryl looked down upon her three kids. Her eldest was laying there holding up his little brother and allowing him to pretend to be an airplane. The whole time Thalia sat there and kept touching the outlet. Most moms would panic and rush to get their kid from the outlet but not Beryl. She knew that they'd never get hurt by electricity. They were children of the god of the sky. Thalia was intrigued by the fact that she could pull electricity from the outlet. So she just sat over there touching one finger to the outlet and one to a wall plug. Then pulling electricity from the outlet and shooting it into the plug which powered a little light across the room. Of course, this was something that her older brother Percy had showed her. Percy had noticed what Thalia was doing. "Hey, Thalia. Can you play with Jason for a bit?" Percy asked his little sister. She looked back and dropped her little project and walked over to play with Jason. Percy walked over and plugged the cord in. Then he shook his head a bit and went to get a glass of water. When he came back however he noticed that his mom was muttering to herself. Then he saw that there were a bunch of those cans that said "Budweiser" and some bottles that said "Vodka" The rest were words that were too complicated for him to figure out as he was only in first grade. Even though he skipped kindergarten he was still learning to read those complicated words. Even though that fact remains he still recognized a pattern. Cans like that = mad mom and abuse to him and his siblings. Percy decided that he should see if he could divert the anger however as he walked towards his mom she looked into Jason's eyes and flipped out. "Your eyes! Dammit your EYES! They're just like his!" After that she slapped Jason hard across the face. This angered Thalia and she yelled a bit even though she knew what would happen. "Mommy! Stop it! Don't huwt Jason!" (She can't pronounce her "R's" or her "L's") "He Onwy fouw yeaws owd!" Thalia yelled bravely at her mother. This just caused her mom to get even more angry. "Shut up!" She yelled and hurled a half empty can of beer right at her daughter's head. making Thalia fall to the ground clutching the side of her head where it head and groaning trying as hard as she could to not cry. Percy was angry, however he was also smart. He slowly walked around. He grabbed Thalia and carried her over to where Jason was. He put Jason on his back and held Thalia with both arms and he went around behind the couch. Beryl didn't notice though because she was sobbing in her chair. "You left me! WHY! I only asked for eternal beauty! It's nothing that drastic, just give me immortality, PLEASE! I'll do anything!" She sobbed/yelled at the ceiling. She eventually drank herself to sleep. Time skip: later that night: Zeus flashed in the room. He saw all the alcohol. "Oh Beryl, I never wanted you to turn into a drunk. I just simply couldn't stay anymore. I had to go back to Olympus." He whispered remorsefully. Then he noticed his three kids all sleeping behind the couch. He saw a red mark on the youngest who was positioned under his oldest brother's arm while Thalia was curled up on Perseus's chest but he could see a circular bump on the side of her head. "What!" He whispered/yelled. 'She gets drunk and beats our children? Well, it's a good thing Percy keeps them remotely safe. I must get them out of here. But Jason must have one of them with him. I must get them out of here in two years. However The aspects make this very hard.' After that thought he changed into Jupiter. He was wearing a black suit with a dark with a white shirt under it and black dress pants with black and white socks and black and white dress shoes. However you could barely see the socks. He was much more serious and stern. 'The aspects make this challenging. The way that Percy came out it... complicates things. I will keep him on the Roman side of things. To keep Jason safe. I will give them faster access to their powers so they aren't killed before they reach their respective camps. I will arrange it so Thalia runs into that Hermes child. Yes, this must work; and when it does... ohh it will be wonderful, Perseus has the potential to be the most powerful demigod to ever live. However if word gets out on why that is, well that could cause a war. I must tell Neptune, he'll understand. I mean the same thing happened with his own child right?' Jupiter said to himself. Then he chuckled a bit. 'Although he'll be Poseidon just like he always is. He's weaker in his Roman form unlike me so if I can get him to change aspects I should be awarded a medal. Although Poseidon is much nicer hmm...' And with that he tapped all of his children's heads. Allowing them to develop their powers and skills faster. Then he flashed out and summoned a light breeze that would blow through the windows to make in a nicer night for his kids. AN: I though about ending it there, however then I decided that I should get the beginning out of the way right now... after this one each chapter will be about 10k or more since this will be my second priority for now. One year later: June, Percy's school: Percy Pov: I left the bus with a bright smile. It is the last day of school, I also am finally able to meet this guy that told me he knows about my dad. He had this stern face with a trimmed beard and a black business suit. However his eyes looked just like mine. They were electric blue. Also he smelled a little like Ozone. Another thing that is the same with me. I think that he's my uncle or something. He said that he knows about my dad not that he i s my dad. However my mom told me when I was much younger, before she began drinking that my abilities to pull electricity from things that have massive amounts of it was from my dad. However about two years ago I realized I can make electricity on my own. And last year when I got really angry it began to thunder and lightning outside. Also I had caused 35 MPH winds one night from a bad nightmare. I think my abilities are increasing. They were minimal two years ago and about a year and a half ago I was able to create small sparks. But randomly about 11 months ago I was able to create large sparks and when I got angry the wind would pick up and during extreme cases it would thunder once or something. But now, it's more like small and short term storms. I don't know what's going on and it scares me greatly. I hope this man can clear it up. Also My sister is having similar effects as I did when I was a year younger than she is now. I know it's from our dad, and I need to get to the bottom of it. Time Skip: 11:00 AM. End of the half-day for the last day of school: 3rd person Pov: Percy had told his mom that the end of school was just like normal, 3:20 PM. , however it's really 11:00. That's exactly what the man had told him to tell her. Now, he has to cross the street and enter the woods and the man said he'd find him once he got to the clearing that's about a mile in. 'Hmm, well I know that the big pine tree is two miles behind my house. And it's about six hundred feet from the school. So I gotta go right? Wait, no I gotta be South of the lake. Okay, this way.' Percy thought to himself as he navigated the woods. About nine minutes later he came jogging into the clearing and was met with the same man he had met a week ago. In the same suit as well. "Okay, I'm here. Now will you please tell me who you are?" Percy asked in-between breaths. "No. You will figure that later on. I am here to tell you about your dad and some things that he wants me to tell you. Now stand up and listen." The man ordered. However Percy sensed a lot of care deep in the voice however the man tried to hide it. 'So he does care for me, he's probably an uncle of mine.' Percy decided. "Okay, fine. What's his name?" Percy asked inquisitively. "No. Listen to me. You will stand up straight with your hands by your sides and your chin pointed towards the speaker, when speaking to your superiors." The man said. However it was more like he was preparing Percy as to make sure he doesn't make the same mistake again. Percy followed instructions and did as he was told. "Okay good, now to answer your question his name is Jupiter. No not the planet, more like the Roman god." The man said. 'Okay, so my dad's got an awesome name then hmm?' Percy thought to himself humorously. "Next. He is very important and was not allowed to stay with your mother and your children because it's against the rules. He made a pact with his brothers that they wouldn't have any children because they are always very powerful. Also, usually when he has children they end up starting wars against children of his brothers. They are the most important three people in the world." The man said quite plainly like it is a commonly known fact. "Wait, what? If my dad is so important why are we living in that dump of a house?" Percy asked with slight apprehension. "That is because you and your siblings are against the pact your dad's oldest brother hates your dad and his brother more than the others. He is very angry however that is your dad's fault even though he won't admit it." The man said. However the beginning was with anger while the ending was with great remorse. "Okay, so what would he do if he found out?" Percy asked with slight annoyance thinking that there isn't much he can do since he can't exactly kill him. "He'd kill you and all your siblings. You see, he's the only one that hasn't broke the pact even though he was forced into it. He's very reserved. He basically stays hidden away ever since your dad and his brother banished him from their group I guess you could