Perseus: The God of the Absence of Light Chapter one: More than meets the eye Fake Physics lesson with Otherdate: That's really all that darkness is. The absence of light that is. Darkness is simply a word we use to describe an absence of light. However, we have a seemingly unnatural fear of darkness. Why would we be afraid of there being no light? The obvious answer would be that without light we can't see, and therefore we don't know what's there and we evolved to avoid places where we don't know what's in front of us. Darkness, however is completely different. That's Darkness with a capital "D." He's a whole other story... his name is Erebus. He is the physical personification of darkness. Now, how could this be? The personification of no light? How can there be a physical personification of nothing? It makes no sense. The answer is deceptively simple. We're wrong. Darkness isn't really just the absence of light, no darkness is simply a different form of energy than light. Light is an electromagnetic wave. If you were to look at a wave of light it would look like two waves, one going up and down, vertical, and another going side to side, horizontal. Relative to a plane of course. Light is emitted from and absorbed by photons. It shares characteristics of both waves and particles. There are many different wavelengths of these waves which represent themselves differently on the electromagnetic spectrum. Also, it moves at a speed nothing else can match without breaking the very laws of physics that govern this infinite Universe. ...that we know of. That is an admittedly dull and abhorrently short description of light that would most likely give any one of my past physics professors a heart attack but I feel it sums it up well enough. Now let me introduce you to darkness. Not Darkness, no, him you'll meet soon enough but not quite yet. See, darkness is a different energy. Not Dark Energy, or antimatter, no, nothing that destructive. It is simply a different kind or energy. Whereas light is emitted from any body that gives of energy in the form of radiation, darkness is emitted from the opposite. There isn't a name for it because it's never been discovered by humans. The Primordials, beings we'll get to in just a bit, however, did name it. It's called "Ere." They call radiation "Aeth." Hence, Erebus and Aether. Everything that emits Aeth also emits Ere. Darkness is basically the same as light in the fact that both are waves that share the characteristics of waves and particles. The main differences I'll mention are that, darkness has more relative mass and light interacts more with the surrounding matter while darkness needs a medium. You can't feel darkness unless it has a medium. Light on the other hand, you can feel just fine, life is dependent on it in fact. Fake History lesson with Otherdate: To understand the story I'm about to tell you you'll need a bit of backstory to go with the little physics lesson you just experienced. There are two Primordial beings that represent light and darkness. One for each that is. Each of these also has a partner, the physical representation of what is caused by the presence of light, and darkness. For darkness: Erebus is its representative, along with his wife Nyx. For light: it's representative is Aether, along with his wife, Hemera. Both Erebus and Aether are significantly more powerful than their wives. The reason for this is that both Erebus and Aether come directly from Chaos, then each of them screwed their mom. Their mom, Chaos then gave birth to their kids, her grandkids. Nyx and Hemera. Erebus fathered Nyx and Aether fathered Hemera. Then, both married their daughters. Incest isn't a thing for immortals, it's all just normal... don't worry about it. So Erebus is darkness, Nyx is night, Aether is light and Hemera is day. Cool, but what does that mean exactly? Good question. This means that in their metaphysical forms they literally are these things. However, in their physical forms, be it in our realm or in their own little Primordial plane of existence, -for the sake of our sanity let's just settle with designating it as "The Void" ...very original, I know- they have ultimate control of these substances. For example, if Aether wanted a hyper-concentrated beam of light to be emitted from his palm he could just make it happen. If Erebus wanted a hyper-concentrated beam of darkness to be emitted from his palm then he could just make that happen too. If their wives wanted the same thing it would also happen, to a smaller degree however. Erebus and Aether have had a rather strained relationship over the course of the history of the Universe. Originally they were the best of pals. Very close brothers. However over time they began vying for the position of second in command after their older brother Ouranos. Ouranos had them fight each other in a gladiator styled contest to discover the better warrior. Erebus won in a landslide. He wiped the floor with his brother. Erebus was far more of a warrior than Aether. It all comes down to the properties of their affiliated substances. Darkness is denser than light and thus when they collide it contains more energy and as a result is a superior weapon. Darkness has more of a corrosive affect than light does as well. Erebus embraced the militaristic side of his domain and became a fantastic warrior. Aether was more concentrated on growing life, he'd rather help along the evolution of life on earth than spend hours sparring with his brothers. As a result, Erebus stomped his brother. This put Ouranos at an impasse. He originally wanted Aether. After all, Aether was the more helpfully intelligent of the two, he was smarter in a certain sense. Aether was more strategic in his thinking. He was also more vibrant. Erebus was also very intelligent, arguably more so than his twin. The problem was that his kind of intelligence was more of the memorization kind. The mathematics and science kind. Aether on the other hand was a strategic genius, had vocabulary unmatched by any, and if you wanted someone to answer your problems you came to Aether. He would get so intrigued by the concept of not knowing something that he'd put his whole heart into knowing the answer and would develop a wonderful passion for the subject and within a week you would have an impossibly complex answer you could barely keep track of. Erebus on the other hand would just know the answer already and simply look at you like you were a moron for even daring to not know something that to him was so obvious and give you a biting, sarcastic answer. You'd know the answer to your question but it would be like a snippet of a textbook definition instead of the whole chapter. Erebus was a highly intelligent being. Aether however, was an even more deeply knowledgeable being, a much smarter being. This was due to his deeper interest in knowledge. Aether was kinder, a better personality. Erebus was loving, and very compassionate to the few that he loved and cared about, those outside of that circle he treated like dirt. In the end Ouranos chose Erebus. Erebus was the better fighter and Ouranos wanted a warrior at his side because he was getting wary of his twin Tartarus and his treacherous wife Gaea whom had recently had him cut into a thousand pieces by his very son which caused him to not be able to take physical form on the planet Earth, the main concentration of all their power. Aether was not happy about this. The fact that Erebus began seeing Aether as below him after their fight had much to do with it. Eventually they actually became bitter enemies and fought again. This was right after the Titanomachy. Aether had a greater circle of friends and most of the other Primordials sided with him. Erebus had only Ouranos The lord of the Sky, his wife Nyx, and Chronus The Lord of Time, on his side. Erebus battled Aether and his wife Hemera one on two at the end of the war after Aether had sworn not to get his allies physically involved in their schism if Erebus did the same. Aether, in his bid for petty vengeance broke his promise and attacked with his wife at his side after only his twin had agreed to their little agreement. Erebus had sworn on their mother not to involve his wife, Ouranos, or Chronus and hadn't thought his twin would backstab him so hadn't mentioned anything about his agreement only having an affect if his twin had sworn the same. Erebus nearly killed Aether. Nearly made him fade and caused Hemera to flicker-to fade for a couple of days but not permanently- however the cost of the battle culminated in Erebus being at less than 1% of his normal power for the next Earth week or so. While not a lot of time, it certainly was enough time for his twin and said twin's wife to recover and come back again to kill him once and forever. In an effort to escape this result he begged his mother to exempt him from the laws she had set at the Time of Creation and allow him to interact with the ruling forces on Earth for at least the next year. She agreed in the event that he accepted whatever punishment she saw fit the schism he and his twin had caused. Erebus accepted. He sought refuge with a Titan who went by the name Leto. She hid his presence on her island in return for the promise that he would allow her to give birth to a god who would carry Erebus's power within him. After a month he was almost fully recovered. He told her that if she had sex with a god powerful enough to produce an offspring that could contain his power then she shall receive her gift. The only gods that fit this description were the Big Three, all of whom were married. This led Erebus to believe that he had just tricked his way out of their deal. Little did he know, Zeus is a man-whore who never stays with one wife for long. This son of hers that she would eventually have would be Erebus's champion. A being which has his powers, albeit at an Olympian scale, due to his blessing. Much like a demigod who is blessed by an Olympian and then has the abilities of that Olympian's demigod children along with those of his biological father/mother who is also an Olympian. Aether decided that since Erebus was making one he would too, and to fulfill his spiteful wishes he made his champion the brother of Erebus's. Aether assumed that they would fight much like he and his twin did. Whether or not he was right, is to be seen. Nonetheless, the repercussions were felt throughout the immortal world ever since. The punishments the twins received were severe. Erebus's physical form was tied to his favorite creation, black holes. Aether's was tied to his favorite creation, stars. Both of which represented them very well. Black holes to Erebus and stars to Aether. They were forbidden from contact even in "The Void" for the next 12 millennia. The result of their machinations, their meddling, is what this story is written about. Greece, Delos, 2,500 B.C. A beautiful Titaness walked along the beach. Her son, Perseus walking by her side. He was but a year old, however he had already matured mentally and physically to the body of an 8 year old, twice the speed of growth usually seen in gods. She knew Erebus had kept his promise. His eyes were pitch black, the darkest black one could ever see,