A tall man stood in a dimly lit room. He looked to be at least 6'5" and had a muscular figure, the build of a warrior. His eyes were swirling pools of gold. Staring into them felt like staring directly into a stirring vat of melted gold, they were incredibly intimidating. Not as intimidating however, as his tall, dual-metaled scythe held lazily in his right hand. It looked sharp enough to cut through tempered steel. He was dressed in expensive looking gold and bronze battle armor, it only accentuated his warrior's build. On the index finger of his left hand lay a ring, a beautiful golden stone embedded on it. The middle finger of the same hand had a ring almost exactly the same, except this one had a gem stone in it that looked almost metallic. The band of the first stone had the Ancient Greek word for "Devourer" inscribed in it. The second had the Ancient Greek word for "Protector" inscribed along the band. The were gifts for his son. On a bed further in the room sat a boy. He looked up at the man, an inquisitive look etched on his face. He had the height and build of an exceptionally genetically gifted and very athletic nine year old, but his eyes made him look to be closer to the age of six. There was a noticeable lack of baby fat on his face though. His head shape, eyes, ears, nose, mouth, eyes etc... all looked to be perfect, carbon copies of his father. He even had the same eyes, though they seemed to hold a little less power. He had his father's sharp jawline too and would obviously be quite the looker when he grew up. "Come Perseus, it is time. You are finally of age to learn the art of battle. Yesterday was your sixth birthday, now come, follow me, we shall begin your training in half an hour." The man spoke, his voice demanding respect. There was a second edge to it however, which seemed to be buried deeper. It was obvious the man cared for the boy who seemed to be his son. The boy, now known to be Perseus, had a bight smile on his face at the man's words. Perseus leapt up from his place on the bed, which looked to be more expensive than most mortal's houses. He quickly ran to catch up to his father's large retreating form. Obviously, the boy was very eager to "learn the arts of battle" as the man, inferably his father, had so eloquently put it. "Again Perseus! A little more from the hip than from the shoulder this time. You get more power that way." A hulking titan of a man stood tall, with a hulking build and what looked to be solid gold battle armor from Ancient Greek times. Minus the helmet. He held a long, powerful javelin in his right hand, and a strong steel shield on his left arm. Mirth was alight in his eyes, but also great pride. In front of the large warrior sat an incredibly fit teenager. He seemed to be about 14 years old. He was naked from the waist up and from the waist down he wore a sort of armored skirt thing that the Spartans used to wear. His feet had fit sandals that acted like lighter, breathable basketball shoes. His upper body was ripped from many years of intense training. He certainly wasn't skipping leg day either, the cuts in his calves were clearly visible. The boy's name was assumedly Perseus, the same boy we had seen with the immensely powerful golden eyed man. Perseus was sweating profusely like he had just run 20 miles. The man before him looked like he had merely ran a mile, and was smiling as the teen panted. After a good ten seconds he seemed to catch his breath. In his right hand was a spear with enchanted oak wood reinforced by bronze making up its grip. The head was a leaf shape and was made of what looked to be a mixture of Celestial Bronze and Gold... though it gave off an aura of magic, hinting that it was enchanted as well. The ring engraved with the Ancient Greek word was on his left index finger. The other ring his father had been seen with was nowhere to be seen. Suddenly Perseus pushed off from his back foot, his calves flexing tight, followed by his quads and hamstrings. He flew through the air, then his front foot hit and from that he sprung off the ground one more time before landing in a perfect position, his lead foot flat and his back foot tensed on his calf. Perseus pushed from his back, right, foot and twisted his hips from right to left, his entire body rotated as his shoulder pushed the large, well muscled right arm of his forward, and by extension the sharp tip of the above mentioned spear. It collided with a massive "CLANG" on the warrior's shield whom he had just rushed. The titan of a man was pushed back a little and his shield was heavily dented. With a grin the man hurled the newly dented shield far to the left, off the beautiful mountain they were on and into the SanFrancisco Bay. "Mortal shields are useless." The man said with a shrug, at the teen's raised eyebrow. "That was a perfect thrust Perseus. Now, do that 19 more times Ahahahaha!" The man laughed as he heard the boy huff and grumble under his breath about stupid Titans and crazy expectations. He nonetheless did as asked and for the next two hours were passed like that. The Titan teaching the boy maneuvers and such, then having the boy practice them until he got them right. After the two hours were up Perseus asked the Titan a question. "Uncle Hyperion, may I ask you something?" He inquired. Hyperion had an inquisitive look adorning his features. "Of course Percy, what do you want to ask?" "I want to try my skills against a demigod!" Perseus declared. A look of pure determination on his face. "Now Per-" The titan began but Percy cut him off. "No. I know that I'm strong enough. I can fight off 20 Dracaena, I beat Tisiphone and Megara at once, I defeated a full grown Hydra, and I can fight uncle Koios for a good 10 minutes! I can handle a simple wimpy Greek Demigod! Hell, I could probably slaughter 20! I just wanna fight one." Perseus ended with a frown. This was obviously a sore spot for him. "I understand Perseus, but this is for your father to decide. He wants you hidden, at least until we come out into the open. If you want you could try and get him to let you help in stopping that runt who's trying to steal back the Bolt." Hyperion finally suggested. "Alright, that's a great idea! Thanks Uncle Hyperion, you're the best, man. I do wish dad didn't keep me so coddled though. Maybe in the war I could even be a general like Atlas!" Perseus' thoughts were all over the place and Hyperion just laughed as Perseus went off to shower and then ask his Kronos if he could help with stopping that Son of Poseidon's quest. He walked through the halls of Orthrys dressed in full battle armor barring his helm. The ring with the golden ring was now on his right hand's index finger. He took a right into a long hall with paintings of clocks and a large Titan in full battle armor wielding the same vicious scythe as before. The carpet adorning the middle of the hall was a royal red color with gold tassels either end. Finally reaching the ornate golden door at the end Percy knocked thrice before waiting a second and hearing a "Come in Perseus." From inside. His father sounded like he was thinking about something. "I can come in later if you're too busy." Percy said, slightly nervous to interrupt his father in the middle of his scheming. "No, no, it's fine, come on in my boy. Come right in." Kronos replied from within his study. Percy walked into the room. It had 20 foot high ceilings, expensive paintings everywhere and books lining the walls. There was a dummy with his father's armor on it and on Kronos's right index finger was a ring exactly like Percy's that would change into either his scythe, spear or sword. Each of which was made of Mortal Steel and Celestial bronze. Percy nervously twisted his golden ring around his index finger, a nervous tick he had developed. "Dad, could I please get a mission? I'm just hoping that I can go and deter the quest led by that insufferable Son of Poseidon you've been talking about." Perseus requested, after getting his nerves up. "Percy, if you really wish it you may. However when you get back we're going to have to discuss your nervousness. You are full of pride and self assuredness in front of the demigods and monsters, you are a great leader before them. However around me you are far too nervous. When we talk like father and son you are fine but when we are in our roles of King and Champion you are far too weary. I will train you harshly, I will demand seemingly impossible things from you, I will expect perfect results and responses to everything, since you are capable of such things. But never doubt that I do love you, you are my son and contrary to popular belief I do have a heart. Now go, speak with Krios and he will discuss your job." Kronos finished. Perseus stood there speechless. His father had told him he loved him before but, he'd never professed it so determinedly. His father demanded that he have an even stronger spine, so be it. He was the perfect soldier after all, he would not disobey his father. He wouldn't disappoint him. Then it dawned on him... Kronos actually gave him the okay! " Thank you father! So much! I promise I won't let you down!" Percy shouted with glee before rushing out the door and down to his room to get his helm. He'd need it. Line Break... little one though, like literally skipped a day. Krios had ordered Percy to shadow the quest, watch for what they're doing and report all back to Krios through the Scythe bracelet. Or in Percy's case, his metallic ring. The imbecilic demigods were still in the Lotus Hotel so Percy was waiting outside on a park bench, stalking the place till they left. He didn't need more than an hour of sleep every two days... benefits of being the Son of Time I suppose. Percy sat there staring at the golden gem stone in Devourer. It sure was an appropriate. In both forms Devourer could literally devour the souls, the very essence of those it killed. It didn't steal away parts of their soul with every strike like his father's did but it was good enough for Percy. It only had two forms unlike his father's version as well. A spear version we'd already seen and a scythe version that looks exactly like his father's. Each one changed length at Percy's mental whim. His shield on the other hand was just that, a shield. An incredibly strong and sturdy shield, but a shield nonetheless. Percy was incredibly talented with all three main weapons, Scythe, Spear, and sword. Though he was exceptionally good with a sword. Unfortunately this mean that he was banned from taking his with him on this quest. Apparently it was a test, to make sure that he could perform his duty with his trump card out of his metaphorical deck. Percy scowled as he thought about his sword. It was a simple three foot long Celestial Bronze Xiphos. Nothing special about