Rewritten by Averyk: completely rewritten Disclaimer: I own nothing more than the plot written nor do I make any money off of this story (walks away silently sobbing). Also, I would like to thank ChrisW96003 for his help with the rewrite of my prologue intro; my original one sucked, thanks for leaving the review with that in it, it helped more than you could know. Prologue I've always heard people labeling others as Dark or Light Wizards; and can't help but wonder at the stupidity of it. A Wizard can use light spells in dark ways just as easily as one can use a dark spell in good ways: so why do we label them as such? The truth of the matter is, that it is all based on intent: one's intentions truly matter in these things; which Wizarding kind seems to have forgotten. From the thoughts of Harry James Potter It was early, much too early for Harry, when he awoke this morning. Sweat covered his body, and unbearable pain throbbed from the scar upon his forehead, as he shot up from the heavy warmth of his comforter. The pain in his scar, he was becoming more and more accustomed to this year; though, he doubted he would ever be able to get a good night's sleep when this happened. He first felt like this in his first year, when encountering the man who had been solely responsible for the deaths of his parents—as well as the scar above his brow. It was a memento left behind by the Dark Wizard Voldemort, who had tried to kill him when he was young; only to have the spell rebound upon himself, destroying his body; but unfortunately…not his soul. He had met this very Wizard, at the end of his first year, and found that he was reduced to almost nothing—having to possess other people's bodies, like a parasite, feeding off them: and living on the blood of Unicorns. This in itself, did not make him any less dangerous; but maybe more so: as he was willing to do anything to get back into power. He even tried to steal an object hidden in Hogwarts, protected by Albus Dumbledore, the only Wizard he'd ever feared. Back then, when the Philosopher's Stone had entered Harry's pocket, he had finally revealed himself. Throughout the year, he had in fact, hidden himself behind the turban of Harry's Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Quirrel. Using him to do his unlawful deeds, and helping him to get back to what he once was. Later, after just barely surviving the touch of his professor—whom did not survive—the school Headmaster, Professor Albus Dumbledore, had informed him, that, through the scar left above his brow, the two were connected. This news left Harry feeling violated, in the most heinous of ways: he did not understand it, but it disgusted him to know that something of that man's dark magic, still infected him to this day. But, ever since then, and especially since this summer past, with the escape of one of his most valued servants of the war, Peter Pettigrew, betrayer of Harry's parents: the scar's connection had continuously flared with pain, giving him insight, into the mind of one of the most heinous Dark Wizards ever—and limited amounts of information on his plans. Getting up, Harry blearily wiped the sleep from his eyes, grabbed a drink of water (that the House-Elves kindly leave bedside) and walked over to the windows, opening the shutters and sticking his head out. Harry then looked over the calm school grounds. It was early morn (before six o'clock in the am) and the sun had yet to rise, the cool crisp air of this early autumn morn was bitter, causing gooseflesh to rise, fully rousing him from the vestiges his slumber. Moving to his personal desk (which sat beside the window, away from the beds) Harry pulled out some parchment and a quill, before writing of the events from the vision he had just woken from. This he was requested to do from both the Headmaster, and his Godfather, the childish, infamously "wanted criminal" Sirius Black. It was nothing similar to the dream he had over the summer, where he witnessed that old Muggle die: for no other reason than walking into an old abandoned house, that he lived behind. No, there was excitement, and mentions of his faithful subject doing something for him, tonight. But other than that, nothing specific. He wrote every bit of it down anyway, in hopes of the other two getting something out of it. He was sure they were in correspondence with each-other—some of Sirius's letters left hints of things Harry mentioned to Dumbledore; but nobody else, he didn't mind though, not if it was Sirius. Walking to the bathroom, Harry spelled his teeth clean, then took a shower, where he mulled over and contemplated things. He was not sure why, but today felt ominous; and not because of the dream. Letting the water caress his skin, and mat his hair—one of the only times his hair would lay flat; not that he cared for it, he liked his messy wind swept hair—he thought about things like, what did Voldemort stand for? True, like Hermione once said, the name meant flight from death, in French; but that was not his question. What did Voldemort himself stand for? That was a more adequate question. The man was an enigma to Harry, but he needed to know why. Why did he kill his parents? Why was he after Harry? He knew the man was after him and not them, from the memories the Dementors made him relive. Thinking back, he thought: Maybe he doesn't have any reason; but no…I am sure he does. The guy may be out of it, and completely insane; but to me, he seems the type to be passionate about whatever his insane mind wants to accomplish, especially when it comes to me: even the younger memory of him wanted me dead. Unable to come to a conclusion, Harry put it down to the insane eccentricities of genius. This was further exemplified by the insane mutterings and obsession over muggle sweets like lemon drops, that Albus Dumbledore had. Contemplating, Harry wondered: What exactly is in those lemon drops? He seems almost as addicted as a drug fiend, hmm...maybe there is something in it... That would explain a lot of things... After drying off and getting dressed, Harry began to head down into the common room. That was when it struck him, what this ominous feeling was, it was October 31st, Halloween, the anniversary of his parent's death. On this day, every year, something goes horribly wrong. Whether it be Trolls in the Dungeon Bathroom, giant snakes petrifying cats with him getting the blame, or psychotic godfather's breaking in to kill rats—there was always something. Even before Hogwarts, Dudley and his gang were far worse towards him, pelting him with eggs, chasing him with rocks—luckily, that was the day he somehow disapparated onto the roof of the school. Also, he would be expected to make an extravagant meal—which he would not be allowed to partake, thankfully though, this was with Aunt Petunia's help: she didn't trust him not to ruin dinner, for the guests. Making his way out of the Boy's Dormitories, Harry crossed the common room, to the Trio's favorite couch. Just as he sat down, Hermione came rushing into the room, arms full of books and parchment. Getting up, Harry walked over, and as per usual, grabbed a majority of it out of her hands, and setting it up for her on the coffee table, moving the coffee carafe aside—hoping to soon enjoy a cup of the always fresh tasting brew (magic was so wonderful). Putting down several thick tomes, and helping her organize the several stacks into her preferred method of organization, finished homework, homework that needed to be checked, homework that needed their second check, and finally, assignments that still had much time before needing to be handed in—needless to say, she would hand them in within the next couple of days. "Thanks Harry," she said as he poured them two cups of coffee, black, one sugar for him. He loved to savor it with very little flavor added. Black, five artificial sugars for Hermione, her parents were dentists, and she had a fear of what sugar could do to her teeth (not that coffee was much better) despite the fact that she was a witch, and could easily use a spell to clean her teeth, removing any trace of sugar that ever touched them, without the annoying aftertaste that toothpaste left for a while, hindering you from tasting anything other than the bad aftertaste of something mixing with toothpaste; but that was what she preferred…. Harry then pulled out the last of his homework, so he could finish it, when Hermione decided to say, "Harry, you do know that if you were to finish your homework the day you got it, I wouldn't have to go over it? You are so smart Harry, if you applied yourself instead of goofing around..." trailing off, Hermione seemed to have realized that it was pointless; but Harry knew she would bring it up again; most likely later today. Harry though, he wasn't going to let this go, and he knew exactly where to push, so, with a bland expression, he looked at her and said, "Can you actually tell me, that if I got O's... every day , having finished my homework, right after class …you would not have my homework checked over for me?" With a blush, Hermione near spat out her drink in embarrassment, she knew he was right. For her, it was like an obsession: though she meant nothing bad by it, and only wanted to help her friends. It would be a lie though, if she were to say that it did not boost her ego a bit. "I have no idea what you are talking about," she firmly stated; unable to look Harry in the eyes. Though, no matter how hard she tried, she just couldn't shake the image of that bland expression, causing her to laugh. She didn't know why—maybe it was because she was not used to Harry giving such a look—but even though it wasn't all that funny; she couldn't help but laugh. "Fine. Alright. You win...but could you get that damned expression off of your face, it's going to cause me to choke," Hermione said, all the while laughing. Walking up from behind, unnoticed, Ron put a hand on Harry's shoulder and asked, "Hey mate, what's up with her—someone slip her the mickey?" Harry, eyes alight with amusement said: "She tried telling me that she wouldn't check my homework, if I got it done on time: So... I called her on it. She's been having a bout of laughter ever since—I think it has something to do with the deadpan expression I gave her." Harry confusedly thought aloud. Looking at her, Ron lifted an eyebrow in amusement. But before anything could be said, Hermione regaining control of herself said: "Shut up Ron." "What!?" Ron yelled out, playing innocent, "I haven't even said anything yet." "Yet, being the keyword, Ronald Billius Weasley, and if you say anything...you will regret it," Hermione replied, threats of untold dangers hidden behind her words. "You wouldn't...you can't take my homework hostage, I need to hand that in; but before that," putting on the most pathetic face he could muster, Ron finished by saying, "I need you to check it over..." Hermione, once again laughing said: "Fine, hand it over," then began shuffling through it, marking incorrect answers, making him rewrite the sheet, not giving him the answers; but making him search through books, helping him find the right books and pointing out chapters for him to read. After she finished giving the two Wizards help, fixing their homework,