Estel's Cooking Charity Event Summary: After pranking half of Imladris, Estel Elrondion receives a punishment to organize a public event that will benefit all citizen of Imladris. Together with his friends Haldir and Legolas and his brothers Elladan and Elrohir, Estel organizes his very own cooking charity event with help from the lords Erestor and Glorfindel. This is the story of how it all came together as one. Disclaimer: All rights go to J.R.R. Tolkien He tiptoed through the corridor, stepped onto the first step of the stairs, when a voice echoed through the hall. "Estel Elrondion from Imladris!" It was the voice of none other than the Lord of Imladris himself, who was frowning upon his foster son, who was protectively clutching his hunting gear to his chest. "Yes, Ada?" He replied, balancing his weight from one foot upon the other, while avoiding his his foster father's gaze. It certainly didn't help Elrond from frowning even more at the sight of him. "My office, now !" He demanded, before swiftly and graciously turning around. "But, Ada," Estel objected, although he knew before even speaking up that it was to no avail, "Me and Legolas were going hunting!" Elrond stopped dead in his tracks, before saying, "You should've thought about that before you pranked half of Imladris and broke Valar knows how many rules." With that said, the Lord of Imladris continued his way to his office with a sighing, disappointed human teenager in tow. "Take a seat, Estel." Elrond told the boy upon entering the office, while he himself went around the desk to sit in the chair seated behind the desk. "Yes, Adar." Estel answered, while slowly lowering himself into the chair, still with a disappointed expression on his face. Elrond held no sympathy for his foster son. "Estel, do you have any idea why you are here, this instant?" The Lord questioned, which received a nod. "Yes, Ada." Elrond nodded, "Good. At least that has been established." He said. Estel fiddled with his hunter gear and his fingers. "We, and at this moment I am speaking for all the staff and Imladris, are done with your non-stopping pranks and I, myself, are tired of you breaking almost every rule I gave you." Elrond paused to see if his son was listening, which he was, with a lowered head. "Everyone has had their fair share of pranks and enough is enough. So I have decided upon a punishment." He waited again, before speaking out the verdict, "You will organize an event that will benefit the citizen of Imladris." Estel froze on the spot. "I-what?" He asked with an unsure expression on his face. "You will organize an event that will benefit the citizen of Imladris, Estel. Something that will do good instead of bad to us." Elrond repeated and explained with a serious voice that clearly said, "Do not object"; Estel knew his father all too well. Estel gulped, "An event for everyone?" The Lord nodded. "It has to be a public event, in the form of an apology." Estel gulped again, before asking for confirmation, "For everyone to see?" Elrond nodded again. "Everyone who wants to come. It's upon the citizen themselves to show up or not, but-," he paused, "It needs to get at least the attention of a quarter of the elves. That means that it has to be a good event. No pranking show or something like that, Estel. Because nobody is interested in that." The boy nodded in understanding. "Alright, Ada." He said. "Good." Elrond told him, before dismissing him with a wave of his hand. "You're dismissed, Estel. Make the best out of the opportunity." He said. Estel was halfway through the door when he turned around and asked, "Can I ask for help?" The Lord had to think about that, before answering, "Of course. But people are only allowed to help out if they want to. Otherwise not." Estel nodded, "Understood." With that, he went through the door and closed it behind him. "That's done." The Lord spoke out loud, sighing and leaning back into his chair. "It had to happen." "Estel!" A voice called out to him, the moment he stepped a foot outside of the palace. "Legolas!" Estel called back, his smile still a bit dimmed. "Where were you?" The prince asked, still running up to the human boy, worry across his face. "Ada's office." The boy replied with a grim expression. Legolas, although still not by the human, had heard him, thanks to his excellent elven hearing. "I'm sorry, mellon nin," he said, before asking, "Was it that bad?" Estel nodded. "That bad." He confirmed, still grim. "What happened?" The prince now questioned. "I got in trouble for pranking so many elves. Ada gave me a punishment in the form of a public apology to every citizen in Imladris." He told his friends, gesturing with hands and all. "Lord Elrond wants you to make a public apology? But how?" Legolas wondered. "He wants me to 'organize a public event that benefits every citizen from Imladris'," Estel quoted, "In other words, I have to do something good for everyone. I have no idea how, Legolas." He confessed with a pout. "That's a tough verdict you've gotten, mellon nin. Maybe you should organize an archery competition?" The prince suggested with a smile. "No, because then you will win and then nobody will be happy." The boy argued. "You're completely right, Estel." Legolas laughed, "Completely right." "But what else can we do?" Estel asked again, while him and Legolas were sitting in a tree, swinging their legs up in the air. "I do not know, Estel." Legolas told him, truthfully. "You dug yourself quite the hole, mellon nin. There's nothing I can do." Estel sighed. "There must be something I can do. Think!" The two both thought about it long and hard. "Do you've got anything, Legolas?" The elf shook his head, "And you?" He asked. Estel also shook his head. "Absolutely nothing." Silence ensued. "I know something!" Estel exclaimed out of nothing. "What? Tell me!" The elf demanded, picking up on the boy's excitement. "We should write Haldir and... and give the twins a note!" He told Legolas. "But why?" The prince asked, curious. "Because they will know what to do! Don't they always? Don't we always? If we work together...!" The human boy had a point, Legolas thought to himself. "And you can help!" Legolas looked up. "I?" Estel nodded, before asking, "Or do you want to go to back to Mirkwood?" With an amused eyebrow raised. "Valar, no!" Legolas said quickly, hands in the air. "Everything but that! Adar won't let me go before I'm married. Oh Estel, it's awful there! He wants me to court maiden after maiden. And he wants me to serve in court, and at festivals and he has so much more royal duties for me to fulfill. Why do you think I rode out to Imladris in such a haste?" Estel shrugged. "Maybe you just missed us?" The elf let out a very un-elven like snort. "Yes, that would be it." He joked. "Now about that letter Haldir..." Estel was already out of the tree and running back inside to get letter paper, while Legolas was left behind, smiling. "That did the trick." "And now... We wait." Estel stated, after watching the courier that was heading for Lothlórien leave. Weeks later, in Lothlórien "Rúmil! Orophin! Stop that!" Haldir ordered, watching his brothers fool around again. "No, Rúmil, let go of Orophin's hair! No, don't you start too, Orophin!" He yelled, with a red face. "I bet I'm faster than you." Orophin stated with a smug face, which earned a protest from Rúmil, "You're not! I'm faster than you." He said. "You're lying!" Orophin accused. Rúmil got mad. "No, I'm not! You are!" Orophin shook his head. "Liar!" "No, you're the liar!" "Not!" "You look like an orc!" "I bet you share that trait with Haldir!" "What?" Haldir blinked, arms crossed, anger still in his veins. "Nothing!" Both brothers said at the same time. "Rúmil, race you to the river!" With that, they ran off. "Stop!" Haldir tried, but it was too late and to no avail to begin with. Haldir was furious. "Haldir of Lothlórien! A letter has come from Imladris, from Estel Elrondion. It's addressed to you." A messenger said, upon arriving on the clearing in which Haldir was located. "A letter for me?" He questioned, with a raised eyebrow. "Aye, it clearly states here, on this letter." The ellon said, pointing to an address that did say: "To Haldir from Lothlórien". Haldir nodded in acceptance. "Hannon Le," he said, before the envelop with the letter was handed over. "It's my work." The elf responded, shrugging. When the messenger was gone and there still was no sight of his brothers, Haldir opened the letter. " Dear Haldir, This letter comes from me, Estel from Imladris. I ask for your assistance. Please meet me in Imladris to lend me a hand with a task I've got to carry out. Please meet at the location written down on the bottom of the letter. Namárië, Estel Elrondion." Haldir blinked. It was a rather odd letter, to say at least. It didn't sound like a call of life and death, but it seemed rather important. Or well, at least to Estel. Haldir could go or write an apology to Estel. It was a difficult- "I won!" Rúmil announced, screaming, while Orophin denied the win, screaming, "No, you didn't! Orcs are faster than you will ever be!" Rúmil pulled on Orophin's hair again, which ensued in more hair pulling from both sides. "Liar!" Rúmil yelled, kicking Orophin dirty in the kneehole. Haldir sighed at the sight and looked back at the letter. "He better hopes for his own sake that it is for a good cause." He said to himself, before tucking the letter in his tunic and untying the bridle from his horse from the tree it was tied around, before swinging him in the saddle. "Let's go, my dear friend." With that, Haldir rode away from his fighting brothers, who stared in confusing at their brother's back. "Where are you heeding?" One of them asked, screaming, while the other was still confused. "Imladris!" The brothers looked at each other. "Imladris?" It was a mystery. Weeks later Imladris "'Dan! Look, I got a note from Estel!" Elrohir yelled at his brother, while running towards him. The twins were out camping when they got the note from a messenger, coming from their little foster brother. "What does it say?" Elladan asked, frowning in worry. "I haven't looked yet. Let's read it!" Elrohir suggested, unfolding the note and sitting cross-legged on the grass. " Dear Elladan and Elrohir, This is your foster brother Estel. I'm writing you a note because I'm in need of your help. Ada gave me a task and I'm in need of assistance. Please meet me in the courtyard of Imladris at dawn on the day that's written on the bottom of this note. Love, Estel." "That's odd!" Both brothers exclaimed at the same time. "What did he do this time?" Elrohir asked, frowning. "Something big enough to receive a punishment, it sounds like it." Elladan answered, thinking. "Let's go!" Elrohir said, already longing to see his little brother, but Elladan shook his head. "Should we really help him out? I mean, Ada didn't give us a verdict. Shouldn't Estel fix things on his own?" He questioned. Elrohir shook his head and said, "Let's help him out now he's still young and still in need of our help. You know what it's like with humans. They grow up so fast. Enjoy that he still needs us." He said. Elladan nodded in agreement. "You're right. We're his brothers and he needs our help." With that, the twins started packing their camping equipment and left for Imladris. Days later "I will go first, Estel. You can