Under Fire Summary: Even the greatest lords need a helping hand from time to time. Lord Glorfindel is no exception. In need of help, it doesn't matter if the savior is small or wise. In this story, little Estel proves more help than any other elf in Middle-Earth. Fluff along with a sense of humor and the love of a family. Disclaimer: I do now own anything, besides possible OC's. The genius J.R.R Tolkien created Middle-Earth and the characters. I won't gain any profit of it; This is only meant for entertainment proposes. The sun begun to rise in the safe haven of Imladris. The eyes of the elves returned to their bright colors with every second. Within a few hours, everyone was busy with their lives and work. In one particular room, one little edain boy awoke. His eyes opened, taking in his surroundings. The room had vivid colors, blinding him instantly by waking up. The room was an open space. White, tall windows welcomed the sunlight in. Outside of the room, one balcony viewed over the valley. In the room stood one crafted wooden desk, made by his own brothers Elladan and Elrohir. His bed had blue sheets and faced outside. At the right side of him was a wardrobe and a door connected to the bathroom. Behind him was an old, white wooden door leading to the hallway of the family quarters. All together, the boy had decided upon seeing the room that he had it good. The first time he viewed the room was after his journey to Imladris. His mother Gilraen had separated them from the unfamiliar elves and introduced him to his new home. Estel had been puzzled at the age of two, not understanding why they were there. At the age of nine, several things were still a mystery to him. But in all these years in the Last Homely House, he had come to terms with it. His ada had promised him after all that he would hear the full story when he would be older. Ada always tried to keep his promises, so the boy was satisfied. He couldn't help it either that those strange elves had interrupted their day off at the lake. With a happy smile upon his face, Estel leaped out of his bed. Today would have another adventure for him! He walked over to his wardrobe and choose with an excited expression a composited green outfit. 'Dan and 'Ro had told him he looked like a wood elf in those clothes! Which was in the boy's opinion a good thing, since they also told him Mirkwood had the best archers. Although he preferred his sword, controlling another fighting skill was always handy. Aye, green clothes it would be! The boy pulled the clothes of the hanger and dressed himself. Overall, he did a good job! Besides getting stuck those few times in those evil sleeves, of course. He swore they had a mind of their own! After he had gladden all the folds in his clothes, he left his room and made his way over to the dinning hall. When he entered, several of the elves in the palace were already present. This included his ada Lord Elrond, his mother Gilraen, Lord Glorfindel – secretly known as uncle Glorfy – Lord Erestor (who still held a grudge against him for saying his name wrong all those years when he recently learned to speak), Lindir and strangely enough, Elrohir without his twin Elladan. "Morning!" He creaked while climbing on the high, royal chair made for him. Immediately several heads shot up towards the owner of the voice. Erestor, as the advisor he was, covered his ears against the high sound. His ada Elrond shot him an apologizing look before sharing a look with the other elders. The ones who Estel wasn't very familiar with were all very irritated while Lord Glorfindel wore a smug look. Why, he never knew. It was Glorfindel, after all. His mother wore a neutral expression as Elrohir. Lindir had a very badly hidden smile on his face, sympathy in his eyes. It was another normal day in the Last Homely House. Breakfast was interrupted by one of the servants in the house, alerting the Lord Glorfindel of a situation which needed 'immediately attention'. What that meant, Estel didn't knew. What he did knew whatsoever, was that the elf took Glorfly away! With a pout, he devoured the rest of the thick porridge prepared by one of cook's assistants. When he had gulped away the last bit of porridge, his mother granted him permission to leave the table. Before she could change her decision, Estel took off. The rest of the day until it was almost dinner time, he spend his time playing with the bunnies. His brothers 'Dan and 'Ro had managed to capture several of them on one of their trips. He had been overjoyed at the surprise. But now some time later, he began to doubt the reason why. That time before, he had questioned their trips more often. Oh, he probably was imagining too much. Surely his brothers wouldn't use the bunnies to mislead him? No, Estel was sure of it. What could've happen in the first place anyway? Bunnies might bite, but they couldn't get hurt in any other way, could they? Before the little boy could think more about it and possible discover his brothers' orc hunting trips, his stomach rumbled with hunger. Time for a snack! Dinner was far away, wasn't it? Estel grinned and sprinted off to the kitchen. In the kitchen, Estel managed to avoid all the workers and servants so far. Well, that was what he thought. The real reason why not one of them captured the child was because no one had the courage to interrupt the adorable boy in his way crawling through the room. Whole Imladris simply had become smitten by their lord's foster son, if they wanted it or not. Because of this, Estel easily make his way towards the pastries and the fruit and could collect one bag full. 'Adventures took a lot of energy', he stated. Although he still was obvious to all the looks, he had said it aloud. One of the many habits of him. Most often used to convince himself that it wasn't a bad thing. With his bag of food, Estel went outside again. In the other hand, which wasn't occupied by the sack, he held one beautiful, red apple. With a satisfied smile, the child took a bite. Mmmh! The boy murmured. Life was good, as always. The day grew darker with each hour. In that time, Estel had made his way far away from his house. Some time earlier, miles away . After the call of need and the scared, rushed explanation from the servant Lord Glorfindel had rushed over with a sudden pulled together patrol of Imladris elves. The patrol had been so set upon reaching the people in need, that they ignored several important clues. Only when it was too late, Lord Glorfindel and several others realized their mistake: They had walked straight into an ambush. From all sides the group was attacked, by men and orcs. How they had managed their way so close to the safe heaven was beyond them. That was the last problem they should worry about, because the patrol had been closed in in only a few seconds. Time suddenly went very slow. Elf for elf fell down, an arrow struck in their bodies. More and more fell, leaving the Lord Glorfindel helpless. Without thinking clear, he ran over to the back of the group. There he saw that there still stood several warriors straight, armed as best as they could. Oh, how Glorfindel cursed himself for the lack of reacting skills training! If they would survive this, he would make sure that this would be hammered into their foolish minds. The thinking had a dire result for the captain. Before he had taken notice, several orcs and men pulled the balrog slayer away from his patrol. He attempted to yell out a warning to the warriors, but was immediately silenced by a sharp sword to his throat. Glorfindel gave up and let his captures pull his body weight away from the scene, looking like a rag doll. Dignity was not something to worry about in situations like this. Estel, who only had stopped for short rests, had come closer to the patrol than anyone else. Not that anyone would think of going near there, since most of Imladris knew of the fighting going on. The only thing that he knew and mattered was the fact that Glorfly was there. And Glorfy wouldn't do dangerous things, would he? It was completely safe for him to go there. In Estel's mind. While Estel kept walking, Gilraen and several others in the house became puzzled over his whereabouts. He wasn't in his room as far as they knew, or in any other spot they had searched so far. Perhaps he played hide and seek alone again? Another two hours later Estel finally reached Glorfindel, who had been pulled a far end away from his patrol. When the boy had neared, swords clashing had been heard. He had thought that maybe, Elladan had been training with Glorfly. With those thoughts in his mind, he excitedly skipped over to the danger. "Glorfindel? Glorfly? Where are you?" Estel asked in a singing voice. He entered the space and saw said warrior slashing his sword through the throat of the last orc. Estel, as innocent as he was, thought nothing of it. Glorfindel had been covered in dark, sticky orc blood and had mud and grass stains on his tunic. He was breathing deep and heavy, as if he had run a few miles. This the boy did notice. "Why didn't you take me along, Glorfly? I also loved to run!" The boy yelled. The captain's head sharply turned over to the new voice, bloodied sword in hand. Estel looked interested at the strange substance. He opened his mouth to question the looking dark jam's color, but never got the chance. Within seconds, the legendary lord crumpled to the ground as a tower under attack. His head hit the stump of the old tree behind him loudly, his eyes nearly rolling in the back of his head. Soon enough, his eyes shut down. Something that even Estel knew, was unlikely for an elf to happen unless said elf was heavily injured. With a cry of despair, he ran over to the tall warrior. The next moments consisted of a child's cries and pleas containing the words 'Don't go, Glorfly' and 'I love you.' But even with the efforts, the golden haired ellon didn't move a millimeter. Estel became even more panicked. Orcs were known as heartless, selfish and disgusting. It did not matter to them if they hurt or killed a man, elf, hobbit, dwarf, warg or one of their own. Neither did it matter if they were a mere child, teen, adult or elder. A target was a target, no matter what or who they were. Even the heir of Isildur, although it was a mere boy sitting besides a warrior who could be dead by then. The orc was alone, but still dangerous. He carried several weapons and held one sharp, dirty dagger in his right hand. Slowly, he sneaked upon the boy. Even when Estel didn't have any knowledge of actual real fighting or was familiar with orcs, he did recognize danger if it was near and could easily smell the orc. He remembered the stories of Elladan and Elrohir and recognized several features they had told them, although they had changed them to not scare him too much. "They smell awful! Even Elrohir's socks smell better!" He remembered Elladan saying. He even smelled the other twin's socks to get a good idea what they smelled like. Estel