Author/Banshee Queen: "Hello fellow Lotringers, just a quick note on what this fanfic is about. Basically, all our favourite characters; Aragorn, Arwen, Frodo, Legolas, Gimli (all Elves, Men, Dwarves & Hobbits included) are all put into rehab by their parents/legal guardians after having one too many parties after the War of the Ring which involved one too many naughty situations...anyway, as the chapters go on they'll be longer & the humour way more hilarious. WARNING: This fanfic contains, in this chapter (& future chapters) swearing, adult themes, sexual references & violence. So don't say I didn't warn you! Disclaimer: "I don't own any of the Lotr characters, they all belong to J.R.R Tolkien...a legend in his own." :D Middle-Earth Gang Goes To Rehab Chapter 1: Wake Up Bag-Shot Row! As by Banshee Queen. It was 7:30am in the Shire when the heroes, losers and damsels in distresses of Middle-Earth were waking up to a most memorable morning on a lovely springtime's sunrise. After the War of the Ring the bad guys had been vanquished, the good guys had been reunited and lived happily ever after. Good guys: zip. Bad guys: oh literally thousands lost. All those remaining in Middle-Earth and all those who were involved in the War of the Ring indeed were all reunited again and celebrated with a party in Minas Tirith…and then another and another…and another. Indeed this disturbing behaviour continued on for two weeks, and seeing as they're children were slowly slipping deeper and deeper into this chaotic behaviour, the parents and legal guardians of our Middle-Earth heroes, losers and damsels in distresses came together and sought to resolve the problem by carting off their children to the merry old Shire. In some sense they were being rehabilitated and it was here that they would begin their journey on the road to recovery, discarding their wild party habits, among them smoking and drinking. All boarding a bus they were to be taken to the many famous locations/houses etc. of Middle-Earth and it was in Mordor where they would end their journey. In the Bag End kitchen Aragorn sat sipping a mug of coffee, he along with his other 18 or so fellow rehabilitants; were none too happy about the situation they now found themselves in and all protested once the idea was suggested to them. However, they failed, miserably to add matter of factly and before they could utter a single syllable more, they had stepped off the 'rehab bus' which just so happened to have 'Middle Earth Rehabilitation Centre' written in large bold black letters on its side. A deep sigh escaped the Ranger's lips. In his boredom he had picked up the morning paper The Shire Times and skimming over it with little interest had been surprised when Eomer walked in rubbing the sleep from his eyes. Abruptly he hit a low ceiling beam, cursing and stamping his feat in anger. A smug grin had suddenly appeared on the Ranger's rough features as he looked up at his friend with amusement. "Rough night?" Eomer frowned at Aragorn, scratching his head once seating himself at the low kitchen table. The very low kitchen table. "Don't even go there dude, stayed up till' 3am listening to Legolas and Haldir swap beauty tips. Then I hear Elrohir in the next room lecturing Elladan and Amras on chucking around a footy. And I'm not even gonna' go into the issue of the comfortable hobbit mattress I was tossing and turning on." Aragorn laughed despite the stinging pain growing on his tongue. He had been all too eager what with the smell of his freshly roasted coffee wafting from the kettle and had burned his tongue in the hurried process of 'savouring the flavour'. "Funny, I didn't hear anything and I slept like a log." Eomer grumbled under his breath. "Yeah well lets remember that you're used to all this…smallness." A shocked look painted Aragorn's features. "I can't believe you would say somethin' like that dude, I thought you were comfortable with my sexuality." The two erupted with laughter, Aragorn in mid-laugh falling off his chair. "Hey is there anything in Frodo's pantry worth eating?" Asked Eomer as he made his way into the hobbit's stocked larder. "Yeah I saw some cakes there or something before, there should be though. These hobbits eat like there's no tomorrow." "Ha ha ha, no doubt about that bro." Shortly after Gimli walked into the kitchen grumbling to himself, all the while unaware of the fact that he had no shirt on. Aragorn briefly raised his head from the table, more interested in his cup of coffee. "Hey there Gimli Son of Groin want some coff- Aragorn choked as his eyes fell on the dwarf. "Shove off Isildur's bane, I need my oat-bran." Aragorn goggled in disbelief and disgust at the sight before him, while Eomer who was concentrating more on the beams above his head, walked out of the larder with a bowl of cereal and glass of orange juice. They both shattered on the floor once his eyes fell on Gimli. Repulsed, the Rohirrim Prince attempted to shield his eyes. "Sweet mother of the Valar! Dude, remember the shirt rule?" Gimli turned his back on the two mortals (his hairy back to add) and without a word made his way back to his room located down the endless hall of Bag End. Eomer shuddered heavily as he proceeded to clean up the mess on the floor. "Dude have you ever seen something as grotesque as that?" Aragorn quickly shook his head, eyes still bulging with the memory of the disturbing image he tried blocking from his mind. "Never, grotesque as that." At that moment two small blurs bounded through the hallway, one jumping up to ruffle Aragorn's shaggy head of hair. "Still not King?" Merry questioned sarcastically as he pouted adorably. "Still not King? What the fuck Merry? Have you been at the coffee beans again?" Aragorn replied as he pushed the hobbit out of his face. "No, but I see you have, man you need a tic-tac." The hobbit exclaimed as he waved a hand in front of his face. "Whatever…" Sniggering could be heard from the floor as Eomer cleaned up the last of the mess. Amras, a newcomer Elf also 'invited' to the Middle-Earth tour program, yawned as he walked into the kitchen. With a cheeky smile on his face, Eomer continued. "Hey where'd Pippin get to? I hear he's in desperate need of a shower…" "Yeah that's what I heard." Amras said, joining the conversation. A shaggy head of ash blonde hair popped up from behind the counter, Fruit-loops falling from the hobbit's mouth. "I do not!" Eomer sighed, shoulders sagging as he rolled his eyes. Aragorn and Amras watched on in amusement, smiles widening. "Look Pippin no one is in the mood for the shit you're gonna' dish out today and no one I know of ever was in the mood for the shit you've dealt out so shut up and listen. Just because you're a hobbit who doesn't wear shoes and rarely washes, doesn't mean you can go around stinking out the place with your…personal essence. Get your ass in that bathroom right now and wash!" Amras nudged Aragorn in the ribs, the two sharing a grin as they saw a frown pinch the hobbit's tiny features. "Wash this." Pippin said holding up his index finger towards Eomer's direction. "Oooo harsh Pippin, harsh." Aragorn said as he scraped back his chair from the table. Eomer merely shrugged his shoulders as a devilish smile reached his lips. There was something wrong about that smile, Aragorn knew behind that façade there was something planned. Eomer was never really a gentle guy, except maybe with girls, but now that he was calmly stirring the tea in his mug…who knew? He knew for sure his friend had something planned. "Meh no need to worry, he'll get his own back." Eomer calmly said as he winked at Aragorn. "How?" Puzzled Aragorn as he frowned at his friend. Amras too was smiling over the fridge door. Eomer laughed before beginning again. "Like this." The Rohirrim Prince said, holding up Pippin's Halo game. Amras and Aragorn watched on in amusement as the hobbit's eyes widened in horror. "Mine mine mine!" Screamed Pippin as he climbed over the counter and launched himself at Eomer. "Suck shit Pippin!" Yelled Aragorn as he and Amras both exploded with laughter, both clutching their stomachs at the sight unfolding before them. Though before Aragorn could contain his laughter any further, Merry jumped over the table and launched himself onto Aragorn's head. Now it was Amras who sat back and continued to laugh at the two of them. "What the hell?" Exclaimed Eomer as he tried prying the hobbit of his face. "What is this? Raining hobbits? Amras! A little help needed!" "Well I would, but I gotta' little prank that needs checking up on. Be right back." Called Amras as he started off down the hall. "Oh man." Groaned Eomer. "Yeah well you know," strained Aragorn who was still battling to pull Merry off his head, "they get pretty defensive over their games." Suddenly Pippin jumped off Eomer as he held aloft his wicked prize. "I got it Merry! Ha ha! We're the conquerors!" The two mortals frowned at the little freaks whilst smoothing their shirts. "Woot woo! Hey that reminds me Pippin, have you played Conquers Bad Fur Day? It's on Nintendo." "Oh man you can't be serious?" Questioned Aragorn disbelievingly. Pippin had not seemed to notice, he was actually thinking. "No I haven't, we'll have to rent it out next time we go to Blockbuster." The two hobbits bounded off back down the hallway in the direction they came. "They always do that?" Asked Aragorn, a frown still splayed across his face. "Pretty much." Gimli in the meantime had walked back into the kitchen with a shirt on and had started searching through the endless cupboards of the hobbit's kitchen grumbling all the while. Behind his back Eomer and Aragorn were trying hard not to laugh and failing miserably. "Goddamit where's my cereal!" Barely containing his glee Eomer answered him. "I think one of those Shire-rats must've taken it." A growl could be heard by Gimli as he grumbled to himself again. A shout could be heard from the hallway as Merry's voice echoed down the hallway, followed by some angry protests for more quiet. "Hey! We're not Shire-rats!" Another voice echoed his statement. "Yeah! We're- The echo came to a halt. "What are we again Merry?" An exaggerated sigh echoed down the hallway. "Hobbits Pippin." "I'm bettin' Sam took it to 'Mr Frodooooo'." Pippin said in a sarcastic tone. The two mortals in the kitchen overhearing couldn't help but snigger and neither could the two hobbits down the hall. "That potato-head inbred!" Began Gimli, clearly on a rage. "He knows if I don't have my cereal I won't be able to…to…" "You were about to say Gimli?" Aragorn asked batting his eyelashes at the dwarf. "Never mind." The dwarf grumbled as he made his way down the hall. "Samwise Gamgee, you've got till' three, if you don't give my cereal back I'll personally make sure you'll never see another potato patch in your life!" The two mortals both shook their heads, smiling widely. "Aaah good ol' Gimli." Sighed Aragorn. "No no no, more like hairy ol' Gimli." Corrected Eomer with a grin. "Dude no! Ewww!" Aragorn said as he shoved the Rohirrim Prince into a wall. The two had made their way down the hall, intending to explore more of the famous 'Bag End' they had heard so much about. Before Eomer could complain about the quality of his third piece of cake, arguing could be heard from down the end of the hall. "I know you took it! Who else would?" Both mortals groaned. They knew whose voice that belonged to. Aragorn had