"The loneliest moment in someone's life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare blankly." F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby Annabeth shifted, trying to find a position that better utilized the dim light being emitted from the torch propped against the wall. As she moved the paper she was observing, it made a scratching sound against the floor that rang out in the silence of the night. She cringed and held her breath, counting to ten and listening for any sounds other than the rhythmic breathing of her sleeping siblings that might indicate that she had brought unwanted attention upon herself. When there was no such indication, she gently breathed out and squinted at the paper. It was barely visible. She wanted to leave the cabin and find a better spot to work, but she couldn't risk an encounter with the harpies that patrolled camp. She nudged the paper slightly, careful to avoid making any noise, and tried to find a better angle. After many unsuccessful minutes, she decided that she would attempt to sneak to the beach. The full moon provided plenty of light and she could use a flashlight without waking anyone. Fear of harpies would not keep her from getting work done. Her mind made, she stood up and gathered her things, pausing every time she made a sound to make sure no one was disturbed. She crept out of the cabin and, scurrying from shadow to shadow, made her way to the beach. The sand shone with moonlight, providing more than adequate visibility for her reading. The gentle sound of water was calming, and yet it brought an uncomfortable sensation of longing. She wanted to be sitting with Percy. She closed her eyes and tried to imagine him. His voice, his eyes, his smile, his hair. The way he talked, the way he laughed, the way he drooled in his sleep. She loved everything about him. She imagined him next to her. She imagined what he might say. "Annabeth?" Her eyes flew open. She got to her feet and spun around. She was met with a surprised looking Leo Valdez. "What are you doing here, Leo?" "I, uh, forgot some… I was… earlier I had come down to, uh, you know, test something, in the water… and I forgot it down here on the beach, so I came down to get it." Annabeth couldn't understand why he was stumbling over his words so much. He was usually able to speak quickly and smoothly without any trouble. She figure he was tired. "You woke up in the middle of the night to get equipment?" she asked. "No… I haven't slept," Leo answered, almost sheepishly. "Why?" He shrugged. "There's so much work to be done, no time to sleep." Annabeth didn't believe him, but she didn't press the subject. "What are you doing up?" Leo hesitantly asked. "I was just-" Annabeth started to gesture to the blueprints, but decided against it. She sighed. "I can't sleep. I thought I might as well get something done while I'm awake. The sooner this ship is done, the sooner we find Percy." Leo nodded. "Well, it's kinda dangerous to be out here with all these harpies lurking around." "It was too dark in my cabin." "If you want, you could come to the bunker. There's plenty of light and you might get more work done with the ship right in front of you. And it's not as lonely." "Thanks Leo, but I would rather be alone." "Yeah… if you ever change your mind, I'll probably be down there anyway." He walked further down the beach until Annabeth could no longer see him and returned with a contraption in his hands. "See you around," he said as he walked by her. Annabeth watched him leave and then turned back to her blueprints. She found that she was unable to focus and eventually returned to her cabin with no work completed. The next night, Annabeth was once again lying in bed awake. She knew from experience that trying to sleep would get her nowhere, and the idea of wasting time made her uncomfortable. She wanted to work on her blueprints, but the light in her cabin was far from sufficient. She considered sneaking to the beach again, but suddenly the idea was vastly unappealing. Annabeth realized that she didn't want to be alone, despite what she had told Leo the night before. She had spent so long feeling lonely with Percy missing, but she had refused any company because she was never in any mood to socialize. To her, it seemed that spending time socializing was wasting time that could be used to find Percy. But now, she had a much better option. She could work on finding Percy, and she could do it with someone around so she wouldn't feel lonely. It was exactly what she needed. She snuck out of her cabin and towards Bunker 9. When she arrived at the limestone cliff where it was hidden she found the keypad and punched in the code. The new security system made it a lot easier for people without fire abilities to enter. Earlier they had to use torches and there had been numerous fires in the forest as a result. Leo was inside, fiddling with a contraption Annabeth was unfamiliar with. "What's that?" she asked, squinting at it, trying to figure out what it could possibly be for. Leo jumped and nearly dropped his gadget. "Huh? Oh Annabeth… you came." "Yeah… I figured being alone wasn't very good for me," she admitted. "What's that?" "Oh, um, this is nothing," Leo mumbled, trying to hide it behind his back. Annabeth raised an eyebrow at him, and he looked at her sheepishly. "Night is usually when I test out my crazier ideas. The ones I'm not ready to share yet." Annabeth nodded. "I won't ask about them then." "Thanks," Leo smiled gratefully. "Anyway, you can hang out wherever you'd like. If you want quiet I have these headphones that-" "I don't mind noise." "Cool, because those headphones probably wouldn't work." Annabeth gave him a look before selecting a mostly empty bench to spread her papers on. Within seconds she was fully engrossed in them. The sounds of tapping and whirring and clinking were steady in the background. She was not sure how many hours had passed when she was finally satisfied with the design she had been working on. She leaned back and rubbed her eyes, looking around to see where Leo was. She could not find him. "Leo," she called tentatively. "On the ship!" he called back. "One sec!" A few minutes later, he emerged with a grin. "Did your crazy idea work?" "Beautifully. You get any work done?" "Yeah, a lot actually," Annabeth said, handing him the finished blueprint. Leo glanced at it before putting it to the side. "Glad we were both productive." Annabeth nodded and yawned. "Whoa, tired?" Leo asked. "I guess," she mumbled. "I haven't felt sleepy in a long time." "There's a bed over there," Leo said, pointing to a makeshift cot in the corner. "That's where I usually sleep. But I'm not really tired so you can use it." "You sure?" Annabeth asked. The idea of sleeping in the bunker was tempting. She didn't want to sneak back to her cabin. "Yeah, go ahead." "Thanks." She turned and headed towards the bed. "Hey, Annabeth?" She looked back at Leo, and was surprised to see the thoughtful expression he wore. "Thanks for coming. Even though we didn't talk or anything, it was nice to have someone around. It gets kinda lonely otherwise." Annabeth smiled. "Good night, Leo." That night, she finally slept peacefully. In the morning, she found Leo sprawled across a work table. She felt guilty for displacing him from his bed. She grabbed the blanket she had used and threw it across him as a sign of her thanks before creeping out of the bunker to avoid waking him. Sometime during the day it had occurred to Annabeth that she could avoid the risk of harpies each night if she went to the bunker before curfew. By now she was certain that she would not be getting sleep in her own cabin. She arrived at the bunker an hour before curfew with bedding items she had taken from her cabin. She dragged the empty work table Leo had slept on to a corner of the room and set up a bed similar to the one she had used the night prior. Leo walked in as she was adjusting the blanket and pillow. "You're here early," he commented, walking over to see what she was doing. He grinned when he saw the bed. "I see you're planning to become a permanent resident of Bunker 9?" "This way you won't have to sleep on a hard work table again." "I'm honored that you care about the well-being of my spine," Leo joked. "Yeah, well I kind of need you to fly a ship for me. No one else can operate that ," she gestured to the boat being constructed. "I'll teach you the basics," Leo shrugged, "in case something happens to me, we need someone to fly her." "Nothing will happen." Annabeth tried to sound encouraging but the idea of something going wrong suddenly weighed heavily on her. As leader of the quest, the safety of the crew was her responsibility, and she worried she would mess up. Leo was sitting across the table from Annabeth working on something that was so complicated it made her head spin. Whenever she looked up from her blueprints she would spend about 10 minutes watching Leo in complete awe. Her curiosity finally got the better of her and she pushed her work to the side. "Okay, I know I said I wouldn't ask you what you were doing, but what on Olympus is that?" Leo was completely caught off guard as he looked up. "It's… uh, well… I was thinking of hooking a Wii up to the ship to act as a control." "A Wii?" "Yeah, I mean the receptors work perfectly, they react to movement but they aren't triggered too easily. I would just have to make a few modifications and wire it up to the ship." Annabeth pointed at the tangle of wires and equipment in front of Leo. "That doesn't look like a Wii." "I took it apart to get a better idea of how it works. I don't need the actual Wii so I stripped off the showy exterior, but the insides need to be redesigned to match the Argo's system so I can use the remote to operate the ship. The remote is the most important part." The idea was pretty brilliant, but also pretty strange. "So our ship is gonna be operated by a Wii controller?" "I mean if that's cool with you?" Annabeth wasn't sure how to respond for a moment. "I guess, if it works?" When Annabeth realized that Leo's rhythmic finger tapping was Morse code, she was furious with herself for not noticing sooner. She was about to comment on it and display her own knowledge, when she remembered that she was very much out of practice. She was absolutely not willing to mess up and look stupid. She tested herself by trying to work out what Leo was tapping. You… mom… I… love… you ….mom… I love you mom. Annabeth studied Leo's face carefully while he was distracted by his work and noticed that his features looked tired. His eyes were hiding some kind of sadness. She knew his mother had died, but she suddenly found herself wondering how it had happened and how it had affected Leo. He had ended up going to a reformatory school, so it could not have been good. She decided to ask Piper. She arrived late to breakfast the next day and found Piper