A/N: What better time to post a Christmassy fic than a month after Christmas? The airport was filled with people traveling for the holidays, some running to catch flights, some strolling around to find food. Everyone was going in a different direction and getting through the crowd in a timely manner required mercilessly pushing one's way through the crowd, tripping the elderly and trampling the children. Percy Jackson was not willing to do that. He carefully wove his way through the crowd, maneuvering his bag to avoid whacking random travelers. When he finally broke through the crowd and emerged in a relatively empty stretch of airport corridor, he started to run. He was unfortunately not fast enough. According to the lady at the counter, the flight had left, and all other flights to New York were booked. Percy asked if she was sure. She said she was. He felt pretty miserable as he turned away from the counter and trudged over to the seating area to catch his breath. He noticed a woman sitting on one of the seats, her head in her hands. He could recognize those blonde curls anywhere. She was the reason he had missed his flight, and he was not at all happy about it. "So you missed it too?" he asked. It somehow made him feel better to know that the woman who put him in this position was also suffering. It seemed mean. She looked up and glared at him with piercing gray eyes. "It's your fault," she snapped. Percy raised his eyebrows. "My fault?" "If you hadn't started a useless argument back in the check-in line I would have been on time." "A useless argument? I was in front of you and you literally pushed past me and went ahead!" "You were taking too long to get your stuff together and I was running late. There was no need to make a big deal about it." "I was running late too and you cut me in line because I took five extra seconds. Did you really think you wouldn't get called out for that?" Percy questioned. She scowled at him. "Whatever. The point is now we've both missed our flight because of you, and there's no chance of getting another one this time of year." "Because of you ," Percy corrected. She shot him a dangerous look and stood up. He thought she was going to punch him but instead she picked up her bag and turned to leave. "Where are you going?" "To get a rental car. I'm getting to New York one way or another," she said before stalking off. Percy sat down, leaning back and considering what his next step would be. He had to get to New York. He wanted to spend the holidays with his family, in their cozy apartment with a tiny Christmas tree decorated with blue ornaments and the constant smell of baking coming from the kitchen. His heart ached for it. But he was stuck in Chicago. He figured that without any flights, renting a car and driving to New York would be the best option. It would be a twelve hour drive which wasn't awful. He picked up his stuff, asked the lady at the counter for directions and headed towards the rental car place. The blonde woman was already there. She seemed to be having an argument with the bored looking man behind the counter. A few tired looking travelers were standing behind her, clearly unhappy with how long she was taking. Percy took his place in line and strained to hear. "-just want to keep it on hold until I can arrange the extra money," she was saying. Percy glanced at the rates on the board and felt any remaining hope leave him. He didn't have enough money with him either. "Can't do that," the worker said, clearly annoyed, "there's not many cars left and a lot of customers who are looking to rent." Percy acted on impulse, which was probably a stupid move. He maneuvered around the line and went to stand next to the blonde at the counter. "There you are. I told you to wait until I could arrange the money," he said, trying to sound casual. He realized that the only way this would work was if she caught on to what he was doing. Fortunately, she did. "They were running out of cars, I was trying to secure one," she answered easily. The worker looked back and forth between her and Percy suspiciously. "You came just in time." They each paid half the cost of the car and received keys. Percy took them before the blonde – he found out her name was Annabeth - could and she glared at him. Once they were away she grudgingly muttered a thanks. "Yeah well I didn't have enough money with me either," he commented as they walked towards the garage. "Wasn't expecting these extra expenses. And now we can take turns driving. Twelve hours straight would suck." Fifteen minutes later Percy was driving them out of the airport while Annabeth put in the directions on her phone. Hour 1 After about ten minutes of driving in silence, Percy decided to try having a conversation. If they were going to go on a twelve hour road trip together, it made sense to get to know some basic information. "So, do you live in New York?" he asked hesitantly. "No." "Visiting family in New York?" "No." "Then why are you going to New York?" "I have job interviews scheduled." "Job interviews?" Percy asked incredulously. "Seriously? Over the holidays?" "It's easier to get appointments. I've had to fit a lot in the three days I'm in the city." Her voice had a warning tone, telling him not to ask too many questions. He completely ignored this. "Don't you want to spend the time with family or friends instead of some boring job interview?" "I don't see how that's any of your business," she said coldly. They fell into silence again. This time she broke it. "So I'm guessing you live in New York?" "Yeah," he hesitated before adding, "I'm actually kinda surprised you don't. You have the attitude of a stereotypical New Yorker." "What does that mean?" "I mean, like, you have the same temperament, you know?" "Are you suggesting that I'm rude?" she said, her tone accusatory. "What? No, you just have that I-take-what-I-want-and-I-take-it-now kinda vibe." "Is this by any chance referring to the incident back at the airport?" Percy grinned in response. "Okay, I may have been a little out of line," she conceded. "Yeah, you jumped right out of the line and cut in front of me." She glared at him. "Sorry, that was bad." "Very." Percy asked his next question with caution, trying to avoid setting her off. "So… where do you live, if it's not New York?" "San Francisco. "Woah, so you're literally going to the other side of the country for these interviews." She nodded and Percy leaned back in his seat, thinking. "Wait, so… what do you do anyway?" "What?" "I mean, what kind of job has you coming all the way to New York?" "I'm an architect," she answered. "But why New York? I'm sure they have buildings in California?" "California buildings aren't as iconic as New York ones," she said, her voice suddenly toneless. Percy sensed that there was more to it than that, but he didn't push the subject. Hour 2 "So, how are we going to split up the driving?" Percy asked, trying to sound casual and not completely exhausted. He was starting to have trouble keeping his eyes open. The road in front of him was uneventful and boring, and he didn't want to look at it any longer. "We each take turns driving two hours," Annabeth said, glancing up from her knitting. It had taken all of Percy's willpower to not make a comment regarding old ladies when she pulled out needles and a ball of yarn. "When is two hours up?" "Fifteen minutes." "So," Percy stretched the word, "what are you knitting?" "A sweater." "What kind of sweater?" "The kind you wear." "Oh… those are my favorite." "They do seem to be the most popular." "Who is it for?" "Me." "Oh. Do you like sweaters?" "Yes." "That's good." He tried to think of a way to keep the conversation going. "So if you had to choose between-" "Percy, what are you doing?" "Getting to know you." "Through sweaters?" "Why not?" Annabeth groaned. "You know, you're really annoying." Hour 3 Percy hadn't eaten all day, and he was starving. So when he noticed a sign by the side of the road indicating that a McDonald's was ahead, he couldn't stop himself from wistfully moaning, "Cheeseburgers." He was certainly not expecting Annabeth to add, "French fries." "Okay, I know we're in a rush to get to New York, but-" "Food," Annabeth agreed, switching lanes in time to take the exit. The place was empty, and there was no one behind the counter. Percy groaned. He just wanted food. "Hey, look," Annabeth said, waving a sheet of paper. Percy blinked, trying to read it. "I can't-" "It says they've gone out and the store is currently closed, so we should leave." "Well shouldn't they have locked the door?" Percy asked, his eyes wandering to the cash register. "It would be so easy to steal." "Does this mean we have to leave?" Annabeth mumbled, gazing at the pictures on the menu. "Yeah, we probably should," he said reluctantly. "But. But food." "I know, but there isn't really anything we can do." "Couldn't we just go back to the kitchen area, grab some burgers and fries and leave?" "Um that sounds illegal?" "We would leave money," Annabeth continued, "so it isn't really stealing. And it is their fault for leaving the store unattended like this. They're lucky we're even bothering to pay." "What if they have cameras or something? They could report us." "But that would mean admitting that they left the place unattended during their shift. They wouldn't do that." Percy could feel the desire for a cheeseburger beginning to overpower his morals. "I still don't think this is a good idea." "Aren't you hungry? Can't you just imagine the food stacked up in the back? All you have to do is grab it, and it's yours," her voice had turned oddly seductive. It was enough for Percy. "Fine, we'll take food." They made their way behind the counter and wandered into the kitchen. The sanitation was highly questionable, but Percy was too hungry to actually care. He found a stack of burgers and grabbed some, and a moment later Annabeth joined him with a bag stuffed with fries. She started to leave, but Percy grabbed her arm to stop her. "What about shakes?" he whispered. "What about them?" she hissed. "We need them." "Fine, get them. And stop whispering." Percy handed her the burgers and wandered towards what looked like the shake machine. "Hey what flavor do you want?" he called, squinting at the labels. "Vanilla." He grabbed a cup and held it under what he assumed to be the correct nozzle, pulling down on the lever. Thick white liquid started to pour into the cup. When it was filled, he pushed the lever back into place. He got another cup for his own shake and held it under the chocolate nozzle. It was going great until the lever got stuck and he wasn't able to turn the machine off. He pulled his cup out of the way and tried with two hands. He still couldn't move it. "Um, Annabeth, there's a little problem here." "What?" She walked over and her eyes widened when she saw the pool of chocolate shake on the floor. "Just… just leave it. It'll run out eventually. Let's go." "That seems wrong," he protested. "You don't have to be a hero, Percy. Just grab the shakes