A/N: I started this story like 2 years ago, and finally decided to just finish it and post it in all of its unedited glory. The writing style varies wildly because this has been written over such a long period of time, and that's also why there are probably continuity errors and stuff. ALSO the story jumps around the time stream and is not in chronological order, so it might get confusing, but you should be able to figure it out. The italicized words are not mine, and if they sound strange it's because they were not originally in English, they have been translated. We'll Meet Among the Stars I am a planet now, you are a planet too, and now we'll meet in the world of stars. Yours and my sky has become all smoke, like a dream. It wasn't fair, how easily things could be snatched away. How a beautiful reality could be turned into a dream and then dispersed in a second. Silena Beauregard had been sitting in her cabin all day, nervously smoothing the already perfect sheets of her bed, adjusting the carefully placed curtains, polishing the already gleaming furniture, generally bustling around and straightening things that were already as straight as could be. It was her reaction to stress. She was readjusting a flower in its vase when she heard that Percy had returned. Immediately, she felt an uncomfortable combination of hope and dread in her stomach. She tried to banish the dread. Charlie would be walking up with Percy, and he would look at her the way he always did, and then after he rested a bit they could go on a nice walk on the beach. She became aware of her uncombed hair and lack of makeup. Maybe she should just run a brush through or apply a little bit of eyeliner. But it wasn't like Charlie would mind anyway, she remembered. It was more important to see him as soon as possible, so she left the cabin and followed the campers who were rushing to meet the returning heroes. She reached to find a large crowd already gathered. She saw Percy standing with Annabeth and Chiron. She couldn't see Charlie. He must have been somewhere to the side, or lost in the crowd. She pushed through and asked, "Where's Charlie?" still looking around and waiting for him to pop out of the crowd and embrace her. She saw Percy give Chiron a look. "Silena, my dear," the centaur began hesitantly, "let's talk about this at the Big House-" Immediately, she realized what had happened. "No," she said quietly, not willing to believe it. Everything around her seemed to slow down. Her thoughts turned to sludge. "No. No. " She repeated the word, thinking that maybe if she said it with enough force, things would be fixed. Everything was spinning in slow motion. Memories flashed through her mind. Laughing, talking, smiling, being happy. Memories of their last walk on the beach. Her failure to make things tears started to spill, and a sob escaped her. The awareness of the eyes upon her seemed to come from another dimension. There was a deep void between herself and her mind, her thoughts, her feelings. She felt detached from everything. This was a dream. This was a nightmare. She felt an arm around her, and recognized it as Clarisse's. She tried to say something to her, but Silena couldn't process it. Something about the Big House and chocolate. She allowed herself to be led away. This was a dream. This was a nightmare. If only. Yours and my sky is spread in parts, like breaths. "I want to stop," Silena said, trying hard to keep her tone even and firm. She tried to instill confidence within herself, but she couldn't. Luke Castellan glared at her, his expression sinister. The charming smile that Silena had once found endearing was long gone. "Stop," he repeated. "Stop what?" "I don't know," Silena said hesitantly, her words sounding vaguely like a drawl. She bit her lip nervously. "This… me helping you. I don't want to be a spy anymore." "Why not?" "I… it feels wrong. I don't want to do this anymore. Sneaking around to see you. I don't want to help anymore." "You wish to quit?" Luke asked, without a questioning tone. His face and voice were always expressionless these days. Not like the Luke that Silena had been infatuated with. "Yes," Silena said, her voice quivering with the one word. "Well," Luke said thoughtfully, "you are welcome to stop." Relief flooded Silena. "Oh, thank you-" "But," Luke interrupted, raising a hand to stop her, "your little secret will be out." "What secret?" Silena asked, even though she had an idea. "This… you helping. Spying." There was malice in his words. Silena felt her relief drain away. "No," she said. "You can't. They'll hate me." "It's your choice, at the end of the day," he spread his hands. "Though I would think you would prefer not to be hated." "But I don't want to do something wrong. I don't want to be the villain. I would rather be hated. I don't want people to die." "Die?" Luke raised an eyebrow. "Die? Silena, darling, you're saving lives by helping me. With your help, fewer people have to be hurt. Don't you want to help save lives?" "Well, yes, but-" "This is about the son of Hephaestus, isn't it?" "I-" "Beckendorf, is the name." The color drained from Silena's face. She struggled to find words. "Don't worry. Your friend won't be hurt." "He won't?" Silena asked, looking up. "I give you my word. I promise, your friend will not be hurt." "Alright," Silena said, hating herself for giving in. "I'll stay." Wherever you go, you'll only find me. The forge was a familiar place to Silena, and yet she was caught off guard by the loud sounds of hammers and drills. She stood just inside the entrance, waiting for someone to finish what they were doing and notice her. She knew they hated to be interrupted in the middle of work. She noticed Jake Mason putting down his hammer. He looked at what he had been working on with grudging satisfaction and glanced up at her. A dark look passed over his face as he maneuvered around the table and walked towards her. They stepped out of the forge so they could hear one another. "Silena," he said, rubbing his hands together nervously, "how are you?" The question she had been receiving endlessly. The one she didn't have an answer to. She avoided it. "I want to go down to Charlie's room." "You… what?" "Please, I know it's-" "No, no it's fine," he assured, "I understand. Come on." They walked through camp towards the Hephaestus cabin. As they waited for the complicated door to spin open, Jake said, "We haven't cleaned it out yet. No one's even been down there. It's exactly how he left it." They stepped inside and Silena took in her surroundings. She had been there plenty of times. She realized that she had been expecting something to be different, but here it was, exactly the same. As if everything was normal. As if Charlie was still alive. "Bunk 1-A," Jake called, and the floor spiraled open to allow Charlie's bed to pop up. He gestured to it, as if Silena might have missed it. "Take your time." She nodded and climbed gingerly onto the bed as it gently retracted to the private room below. Nails and screws and scraps of metal were strewn hazardously across the floor, the same as the last time she had been there. But what caught her attention was the bulletin board on the wall closest to the bed. Pictures of her and Charlie were tacked on with colorful pushpins. There was one with the two of them soaking wet and laughing after falling into the lake while canoeing. One of the two of them sitting on a Pegasus, Charlie tense with wide eyes while Silena held his hand comfortingly. She remembered the day vividly. There was one with just her on a Pegasus, hair blowing everywhere but a wide smile on her face. She had been laughing at something Charlie had said. Another one, where it was just her, grinning with an ice cream cone in her hand. Charlie had taken it, and he had always said it was his favorite picture of her. Another picture featured both of them, bent over a box of chocolates her father had sent. And then there was her favorite. Both of them at the campfire, wrapped in a blanket and leaning on one another, dozing off to the sound of the Apollo cabin singing. Slowly, she untacked each one, and held them close, as if trying to absorb the happiness in them. She curled up on his bed, thinking about how she had ruined everything. At some point she ended up crying herself to sleep. These shadows of mine are comprised of you. They were walking on the beach. The sand was soft underfoot. The ocean was calm, small waves gently rolling out and then receding. The sky was bright blue, and the white clouds looked as if they had been painted on. Her hand was comfortably fitted in his and they strolled in familiar silence once their conversation drew to an end. All of it was perfect, and Silena wished she could spend her entire life like this, just walking by the water with Charlie by her side. By now they had told each other almost everything there was to tell. All of their stories and secrets. Except for one. Silena felt the urge to tell him. Explain everything, so he would find out from her and there wouldn't be a misunderstanding later. She wondered if he would leave in disgust. She wondered if he would ever forgive her. Would he tell everyone or would he keep her secret. Maybe he could help her out, find a way for her to stop working with the other side. Even if he couldn't, maybe just the support would be enough to give her strength to stand up for herself, to resist. At the very least, she could warn him. She had already informed Luke of the plan to attack the Princess Andromeda , before it was confirmed that Beckendorf would be the one carrying out the attack. His life was at risk, and there was a huge chance the mission would fail. She felt the serenity of their walk fading as she started to panic. She had to warn him. "Charlie," she said, and the smallness of her voice surprised her. "Yeah?" She struggled, trying to figure out how to phrase what she had to say. "I need to-" "Beckendorf!" a yell came from behind them. They spun around and saw Michael Yew running down the beach. He slowed down as he got closer, locking eyes with Charlie. "It's time," he said breathlessly. Silena felt as if her heart had stopped. She turned to look at Charlie and saw a grim, determined expression on his face. "Alright," he said. "I'm coming." Michael gave Silena a strange look before turning and running back the way he had come. Charlie turned to her and took her face in his hands. "Don't worry. I'll be right back." He kissed her, and again Silena wished the moment would never end. She could feel the tears sliding down her face as they pulled away, and Charlie gently wiped them away. "No crying, okay?" She tried to say his name and it came out a whisper. She had to tell him. Now was her only chance. But when she tried to speak the words wouldn't form. "We'll finish this walk when I get back," Charlie said, stepping back and smiling at her. He squeezed her hand and left. Silena watched him go. She could have yelled after him, telling him everything, but