So, I got this idea after watching an Archer Episode where a girl who was killed by this guy ends up falling in love with him. And I was a little angry, because he literally murdered her at her wedding and I had to think, what kind of place and time would you have to be in to fall in love with the person who murdered you? Really, only Catoniss worked for this, so here it is :) I've really enjoyed it, and it's pretty long. I hope you all enjoy too! Katniss' last thoughts were simple. As simple as her addled brain could handle after watching her fellow tribute savagly sliced down, a knife slit across his throat. And she had fought so hard; with such anger. They were going to get out together- her and Peeta. This wasn't supposed to happen. They were supposed to win, they were supposed to greet their families together... And now, she had failed too. He was too strong, to perceptive of the agony that raged inside of here, and it was her weakness. Like a predator smells sickness on their prey, Cato had found her sick spot. And he had enjoyed making her cry before he killed her. Somewhere, Katniss was sure it was the end. Oh, Prim...I never meant to break our promise... She closed her eyes to bear the pain of the blade, but the pain never came. I. Bright lights, and a well sanitized room reeking of antiseptics. The lights were too vibrant, and they burned on the lids of her closed eyes. She was not in pain. As he eyes adjusted, a sort of joy filled her so completely. Somehow, she had not lost. Somehow, she had won. There was a blond in the far corner, watching her with wide eyes. "Peeta! We did it. Peeta we won!" She breathed, "They fixed you up quickly," She teased, trying to to make him smile. She sat up, and immediately felt light-headed. Her hands flew to her chest to feel her fluttering heart, but it came back saturated with blood. Peeta was silent, and hung his head. "Peeta, I don't understand. Why haven't they fixed me yet. Why am I bleeding on a table?" She whispered, her voice cracking with confusion, "Peeta! Answer me!" She cried in frustration, and he shook his head. "Katniss, you're dead. He killed you. Like he killed me." The world spun, and this time her eyes closed without meaning too, and the bright lights faded until the white hot suns fizzled behind a wall of black. II. She woke up crying, tears running down her face and the salty tang infiltrating her lips. She was still in the room, but now there were more people. Peeta was in the corner, hovering and scowling. She may have been imagining it, but she thought he was crying too. "Katniss Everdeen, isn't it?" A young man, not much older than Gale, asked. "Whose asking." her throat was parched, and she felt numb. She couldn't be dead. It wasn't possible. There was nothing after death, it was just darkness. Another life was too painful to conceive. A life without Prim was hell. The man looked at her up and down and his smile slipped into a scowl. "Arden, why have't you given her new clothes? Hers are the disgusting capital wear. And for God sakes, can someone sew her up? She'll get blood over the white linens." He snapped irritably. His tone sent a wave through the crowd, and people shifted. He was a leader. Katniss was thrusted a parcel of clothes that seemed to be in her size. As someone came forward to carefully move her, they winced as she nearly let a drop of blood seep into the white sheets beneath her. "Blood on linens. What a tragedy." She sneered. The boy ran a tired hand through his hair. "Oh Katniss. Blood on my linens is an inconvenience. People appearing on that table is the only tragedy I know." III. First a girl who reminded her of Prim sewed up the hole over her heart. She was doused in alcohol to numb the pain of the needle pulling through her skin, but it wasn't the most unbearable occurrence she'd ever had. After awhile, in fact, the rhythmic motions that were clearly well practiced felt like a small comfort. After, she was ushered to a shower where the shampoo smelled like wildflowers. She reveled in the strangest joy of running her fingers through her hair and watching the area dirt swallowed by the drain. She liked seeing the blood- hers or Peeta's, she didn't know- also wash away. The clothes she was given were comfortable and almost perfectly her size. As she sat on the bench outside the shower, braiding her hair, the woman who had sewed her up came for her. "How old are you?" Katniss breathed, looking at her. "Fourteen." She whispered, "I get asked by a lot of people like you." "Like me?" She questioned. "Second borns." She said, as if that answered all of her questions, "George requests you. Come." Katniss, utterly confused, followed her like a newborn calf. She assumed George was who she had met when she first awoke, as he was the only person waiting in the lobby for them. He took the girl's hand and kissed it. "Thank you, Tuney." He dismissed her, "You look much better, Katniss." "George." She greeted, more as a confirmation than anything else, "Where is this hell?" George shook his head, because he either didn't know or didn't want to answer, and motioned for them to sit. "Want some water?" "If I'm dead, I don't need food." She said. "It's quite nice to enjoy." He shrugged, "And you would begin to wither away, but would not die a second time. It is not something that can be easily fixed with a needle. I suggest you realize you are a smart girl, and do not starve or dehydrate yourself." "Fine. Then get me some wine." Katniss growled, and George looked slightly surprised. "That can be arranged." He nodded, and then leaned in, "But in the mean time, I think you might have some questions that I can answer." Katniss contemplated it. "I don't even know where to start." She admitted after a long moment. "I'll go through the basics, then." George said, as if he expected her to not know what to say, "I am the leader of this community, and I am also the first person that died in the first Hunger Games. I was 19 years old. All the others came soon after, and I realized this is the wandering place for broken souls that have had the misfortune to find themselves in the games. There are over 1000 of us that are trapped here. So, I decided to try to make life not so bad." "Not so bad?" Katniss scoffed. "I know it seems hard to believe, but I grow crops and raise livestock. There are always animals here to hunt. We make our own clothes and build houses. People move on with the lives they never had, fall in love. It's not anything desired, but we do our best." "I can't leave, can I?" Katniss sighed. "No. You would wander in forest for eternity. As far as we know, we are closed and chained here." Katniss felt her hands shake. "Just Hunger Game participants?" She breathed. "Were you expecting someone else?" George asked. Katniss sucked in hard. "My father." "Ah, well sometimes family does wander in here, maybe just for a day, but it's an act of kindness all the same. Perhaps you will be lucky like some." He comforted, but Katniss' eyes were turned to the window that looked out across a road that lead to a place she couldn't see. "I bet moral isn't high here, a town of lost souls and losers." She mused. George looked a little taken back. "Not just the ones who didn't win, but also the winners come here too when they die." He corrected, and Katniss looked confused, "This is a place for broken souls and torn hearts. I have come to find, of course, that those who one the games are the most broken and lost of all." IV. The town was buzzing when they left the city center. People pressed against Katniss, asking who had won the games, since everyone knew she was the last tribute. "Cato, Cato Hadley." She replied to those that questioned to shut them all up. The word flew from her lips like a vile bug, and she spat on the ground. Rue was waiting for her. She would never be able to see the disappointment that Prim was facing, but gosh darn it, she never thought of seeing the pain on Rue's face. It was something she could not stand to see. She couldn't look at the girl, and she didn't even hug her. Rue would only see her as a failure, she was sure of it. "We traditionally put new comers with others so that they're not alone." George was saying. "What if I like being alone?" Katniss asked. "In one year, you can be a hermit to your hearts desire. But for not, that will not be allowed. You need time to mend, and you can't do that on your own. Trust me." He assured. "Katniss can stay with me." Peeta spoke up, reappearing in front of them on the trail. George patted his shoulder. "Peeta, you know the rules. She'll be with a female that has at least been here five years. Nice try, though." He chuckled, and Peeta sulked. She was put with Petunia- Tuney- that had stitched her up. "You remind me of my older sister." Tuney stated. "You remind me of my younger one." Katniss said. Tuney gave a small smile. "Perhaps we can be each other's family now." She prompted. Katniss just took her bed roll and curled up on her bed that had been newly placed in the spare room. She couldn't find the strength to answer. V. A District 11 boy brought her wine on the second day. She laughed at the ridiculous show of flourish at the large amounts sent, each with different infused flavor, because Katniss would have settled for the rawest there was. The gesture was nice, though, and she accepted it with a deep bow. George was by soon to explain how this worked, this as in the world she now lived in. "Everyone contributes. You are a drifter until a year has gone by, meaning you work for me doing...well, odd jobs and less than desirable ones. After that, you can go out and be whatever you wish to be, however alone you want, but you must support our world." He said, a sharp warning. "How do we know when a year has gone by?" Katniss asked. "When the first tribute of next year's games appear." He replied, and Katniss felt a deep and dark pain in her chest. George held up the wine. "David really outdid himself. Town wine maker; I asked him to bring over his finest specimen. Clearly he couldn't chose one." "The kid is hardly over twelve." "He's had nearly fifty years to make it perfect." George shrugged, "You will find that most are very much younger than yourself...and do all the jobs you remember back in the living world." "So I am to assume I will never age?" Katniss asked. "You can, but it will go by so slowly you will hardly see a difference. I have been here seventy-some years, and I'd say at most, I'm a year older." "Forever is not how I thought it would be." Katniss pried the cork out of the bottle, and drank. She had never had wine of such high quality. Even when she was training, wine was frowned upon for children her age. She had a couple drinks on special