Prologue Lily and James Potter looked lovingly down on their children, Emery Nightflower Potter and Harry James Potter. Their daughter's middle name was called Nightflower was because she looked so much like a little night flower, with her hair dark as midnight and her eyes the most beautiful shade of green, like the stem of a flower blossom. Everyone loved her, but it was her Brother that loved her the most. On the day she was born, Harry took one look at her, with his emerald eyes sparkling, made it clear that he would love her the rest of his days and protect her always. Their happy parents laughed together. Oh, how they wished it was always going to be like this! But it wasn't, and deep down they knew that. They were proved right when Voldemort came. "Lily, take Emery and Harry! He's coming! Go, Run!" James shouted fiercely. Lily had tears in her eyes, "James! I can't lose you!" His face softened, "You'll never lose me. Now, take the children and run!" Lily ran upstairs as her wand was resting on the couch. But she realized that before it was too late. "Avada Kedavra!" A green light flashed downstairs. Lily sank to her knees with tears streaming down her face. She hastily piled boxes and chairs on the doors, but doubted that would help. "Remember Harry and Emery, you will be loved by your parents so much, even if we are not here." Lily smiled sadly. "Mawma?" Harry mumbled. "Mama is going to love both of you with all her heart." Lily whispered, kissing both of her children's foreheads and placing them in their crib. Voldemort came up, clearing the boxes and chairs with a lazy flick of his wand. "No, please not Emery and Harry, please not them. I'll do anything! Just spare them!" "Stand aside, Mudblood!" "Please not them! Please! Take my life instead!" Lily sobbed. "Stand aside girl! Or I'm warning you…" "Please take care of Emery, Harry. Love her and Protect her, sweetie, because your little night flower will be all that you are left with." Lily sadly whispered her final words. "Avada Kedavra!" Lily fell to the floor limp and lifeless, and her eyes glassy. Little Harry felt that there was something wrong and clumsily waddled in front his sister, shielding her. "So you want to die first! Alright, that can be done!" Voldemort cackled. "Avada Kedarva!" The green light shot straight at the siblings, shooting straight at Harry's forehead and Emery's shoulder. Voldemort smiled, knowing the siblings would die. He was proven wrong. The green light deflected back, coming straight at Voldemort instead. He sank to his knees, feeling his soul getting ripped out of him, and disappeared. The babies slept soundly, with a fresh lighting shaped scar on Harry's forehead and a spiral shaped one on Emery's shoulder. They didn't know from that point on, they were going to be famous. 10 years later… Hey! I'm Emery! Emery Nightflower Potter. I'm the little sister of Harry Potter, younger than one year. My life pretty much sucks, and we don't know our parents. My Aunt and Uncle say they died in a car crash, but I don't believe that. I only remember that there was a green light flashing around, and I'm pretty sure car crashes don't have green lights. At least I have an older brother. He's really protective of me, even when he knows I can handle things myself. Don't judge a book by its cover, though. You might say I'm a Badass, but I sometimes can be nice. I have some talents too. I'm smart, I can draw well and I have a good voice. I thought that my life would always be hell, but boy, was I wrong. "Get up you brats!" Aunt Petunia screeched outside our cupboard. "Alright, I'm up…" I groaned. I turn to see my wonderful big brother was holding me in his sleep. "Harry, big brother! Time to wake up and feed the pig." "You mean Dudley?" "Yep," I nodded. "You stay here and sleep while I cook. You need some rest," He directed, concerned for me. "I'm fine. I'm not that tired. I want to help you." I insist. "No way Emery. You're getting way too skinny and you have bags under your eyes. Sleep, and I'll find some food for you." He says seriously. "No," I reply. "Besides, Uncle Vernon wants both of us to work." "Fine, but I'm doing most of it." He huffs angrily. Typical Harry, always wanting to take the burden. But he was right today. I felt like crap, and my head hurt a lot. My brother and I trudge downstairs as we are "greeted" by Uncle Vernon. "Hurry up! What's taking so long! It's Dudley's birthday, get a move on!" He barks. I really hated Dudley's birthdays. He would always scream and throw a tantrum if he didn't get enough presents, which really hurts my eardrums. I wash the dishes while Harry fries the bacon. After I'm done, my brother tells me to sit down and relax while he does the rest. I try to protest, but he just tells me to relax. I slump in the chair, trying to push down the nausea and pain in my head. "Up, you stupid dumb brat! No lazing around! Everything has to be perfect for Dudley's birthday!" Uncle Vernon yells, pulling me out of the chair. Why do Harry and I get no presents on our Birthdays? We are your niece and nephew after all, aren't we supposed to get at least one? Besides, the purpose of the celebration is so that you can get rid of us faster, I think. Harry turns to Uncle Vernon, with fire in his emerald eyes. "Harry!" I whisper warningly to him. But it's too late. He walks up to him and says angrily "You're the one who should shut the big fat mouth of yours." Oh, boy. Here comes the punishment. "No food for a week." He snarls, slapping Harry in the face. Okay. That's it. I'm tired of letting my big brother get hurt. I gather up my courage and growl back with the threatening tone in my voice. "Do not slap my brother." and before he even replies, I pull Harry to the table and sit down. We watch Dudley greedily scarf down the food. Not to mention that Dudley has a humongous body and straw colored hair smoothed onto his chubby pink head. Aunt petunia says that Dudley looks like a baby angel. Harry says he looks like a pig with an wig. Aunt Petunia really needs to get her eyes checked. Besides, Dudley is so fat I wonder how he can walk with those short chubby legs. Dudley counts his presents, his fat fingers counting a present one by one. "Thirty-five, Thirty-six, and…" He says, trailing off stupidly as he tries to remember the next number. "Thirty seven, Dudders," Aunt Petunia says. Dudley's face fell. "That's two less than last year." He said, looking at his mother. " Popkin, you haven't counted Aunt Marge's present yet. It's under this large one from Piers." "Alright, thirty-seven then." He said, going red in the face. Harry and I started sneaking some food just in case he was going to have a big Dudley tantrum. Aunt Petunia probably also felt something, because she said quickly, "We'll buy two more presents for you today while we're out. How's that, sweetheart?" Dudley thought for a moment. "So I'll have thirty…thirty…" "Thirty-nine popkin." "Alright," Dudley grabbed the nearest plate of bacon and sat down, stuffing the pieces in his mouth. I wonder how much of his body he has left to fit his extra fat. In some more years he going to have to roll, not walk. Uncle Vernon ruffled Dudley's hair. "Little tyke want's his money's worth. Just like his father. Atta boy, Dudley!" "Yeah," I secretly think. "Just like how those two are fat, selfish and stupid." The telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to go get it. I watched Dudley greedily tear the paper off a new racing bike. Then Dudley moved on to ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch as Aunt Petunia came in, looking angry and worried. "Bad News, Vernon. Mrs. Figg's broken her leg." Dudley had his mouth open in horror, while mine gave a leap. Ever year on Dudley's birthday, his parents took him on adventure parks, hamburger restaurants or to the movies. And every year Me and Harry were left at Mrs. Figg's, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. I absolutely hated it in there. The place smelled like cabbage and lettuce, and Mrs. Figgs made me and Harry look at the photographs of all the cats she ever owned. "We could phone Marge." Uncle Vernon suggested. "Don't be silly, she hates those two." Aunt Petunia argued. The Dursleys often spoke like this, pretending we were not there, or rather that we were something they could never get rid of. "You could just leave us here," I said hopefully, since I could watch television for the first time and maybe even play some of Dudley's board games with Harry. "And find the house in ruins?" Aunt Petunia growled. "We won't blow up the house" Harry said, but they weren't listening. "I suppose we could take them to the zoo… "Aunt Petunia said, "And leave them in the car." "The car's new, who knows what might happen to it with them sitting in it." Dudley began to bawl loudly. It had been years since he really cried, now he just screwed his face and wailed because he knew he would his mother would give him anything he wanted. Such a spoiled boy. "Don't worry Dudlelykins, Mummy won't let them ruin your special day!" Aunt Petunia said, throwing her arms around him. "I don't…want them…to come!" Dudley gasped between between big sobs. He shot me and Harry a big, nasty grin. I rolled my eyes. Dudley was such a bad faker I wonder if Aunt Petunia if is stupid. Then, the doorbell rang. "Oh, good lord, they're here!" Aunt Petunia said frantically, and went to get the door. Dudley's friend, Piers, a hair with ratty brown hair came in and winked at me. Oh, I forgot to mention that Piers likes me. But there is no way in hell I would like him. Harry's eyes narrowed at this but I gave him a "gag me" gesture. Dudley stopped crying at once and went on discussing with Piers the latest kids to bully. Half an hour later, I was sitting with Harry, Dudley and Piers in the car. My Aunt and Uncle didn't know what to do with us, so they took us with them. Uncle Vernon had warned us about no "funny business". By that he meant strange things were happening when we were there. Like, one time Aunt Petunia had cut my hair so short it looked like a boy's. But by the time I woke up the next day, my hair had grown to its normal length. I had tried to explain to them that I didn't try to do anything and Harry defended me, which earned me and him a week without food. Also, one time Harry was being chased by Dudley's gang and he jumped behind those big trash cans outside the kitchen, but he ended up on the school roof instead. Well, today anything wasn't going to go wrong(At least I hope). Besides, if I wasn't going to go to Mrs. Figg's cabbage smelling room, it was going to be worth it. Uncle Vernon was complaining to Aunt Petunia while he was driving. He loved complaining about things a lot. His favorite topics were Me and Harry, the bank, and the people at work. Today he was complaining about motorcycles. "Those maniacs, roaring through the road." he was saying. "I had a dream about a motorcycle once." Harry said