I landed on the ground with a soft thud. My ankle landed flat on the ground. Pain shot up my leg when I stood up. Nobody looked at me, like a 14 year old girl jumping down seven stories was perfectly normal in San Francisco. More likely that weird force the horse dude I had met a few days ago was real. Yes 'horse dude'. By that I mean a centaur. If I explained everything, I would be here way too long. Let's clear this up now. I'm a demigod—half Greek god, half human. If you think that is cool, think again. If there are demigods, there have to monsters… monsters that eat demigods. Ever heard those Greek myths about amazing heroes and heroines? Yeah, basically that, but way more confusing. I don't understand half of it myself. All I know, I'm the daughter of Poseidon, god of the sea. Cool? No. Annoying… yeah. Dangerous… obviously. Pain in the butt… defiantly something like that. Anyway, I landed on the ground with a soft thud. I glanced upward. The harpy I had been fighting was nowhere to be seen, but that didn't mean it was gone. I rushed toward the bridge in the distance. The water looked nicer than usual, probably because it was about to save my life. I grabbed the railing as soon as I was close enough. That's when I noticed him. A tall young boy wielding a glittering gold rapier stood about five metres away, battling the harpy. Bad choice of weapon! Every demigod knows that a rapier puts you at a disadvantage. Armature. I sighed and pulled off my pearl bracelet. Confused? Well the pearl bracelet was a gift from a wood nymph, whose forest I saved by killing the fire breathing giant who used a cave near there as a hideout. It was filled with stolen stuff. Which I naturally stole for my own use. I touched the softer spot on the turquoise star bead. Instantly, my Celestial Bronze sword was in my hand. It glinted in the bright sun. With careful accuracy, I broke into a sprint and pounced over the boy's head. I slashed at the harpy. Red monster dust exploded over me, and a single vermillion feather tangled in my plait. I landed silently and brushed off my clothes. I turned to face the boy. He had a shock of blond hair and startling blue eyes. They were clear, sky blue. He frowned at me. His clothes were strait and clean, but he was obviously a demigod. "What did you do that for!?" he asked indignantly. Is this a joke? I just saved his life and he's having a go at me. Boys! "Humph!" I grunted back. I turned away from him and jumped over the railing and prepared to dive. Suddenly somebody gripped my arm. I didn't have to turn to know it was the boy. What is his problem? I wanted to pull away, but his nails dug into the scar I had from ages ago. Small droplets of blood formed where his fingers were placed. If he noticed, he didn't show it. I was too tired from sleepless nights to try to shake him off. Also too tired to explain. Instead I just ignored him. I opened my bag and dug out my old dagger. With it I ripped off the cotton bandage around my thigh. I stared at the claw marks for a second. They were much worse. I remembered the spinx who had done it. Silly creature. Theyd were still bleeding and the swelling had increased. The boy let go of my arm, staring at the scratches with anger. I grimaced as the pain in my arm doubled. The boy scrutinised my face. "What's wrong?" He asked more gently. He finally noticed my arm and frowned. I couldn't take this! I spun on my heel and took off running, pain spiking up my leg. I didn't stop. I came to a dark back alley. The sun was setting. I ran down the alley, reaching the end just in time. My leg buckled under me. I crashed to the floor, breathing hard. I looked down at my leg. I looked away almost as quickly. I took out my only spare top and wrapped it around the painful claw marks. Somebody cursed under their breath. I looked up, instantly fearful. What if it was a monster…? My fears were quickly tromped. The boy from the bridge came out of the shadows. He sat down beside me. "Sorry. I shouldn't have shouted, or grabbed your arm, or anything. Forgive?" he said, panting. I leaned back against the wall and nodded. I closed my eyes. "I'm Ben, son of Apollo. You are…?" I didn't even open my eyes at his question. "Ria, daughter of Poseidon. Go ahead, run. That's what everybody else does!" I said acidly. I was fed up of everybody being afraid of me because of my parentage. People weren't afraid of Heracles and he was a son of Zeus! Sigh. Instead, Ben pulled me into a hug. I squirmed uncomfortably. Nobody had ever given me a hug except… I stopped that thought. It was no use to me. I pulled away and lay down silently. Ben was nice. He stayed when nobody else would. He wouldn't hurt me, I think… I dozed off as I thought this. About a month later, I woke up to find that Ben had covered me with a blanket. He was sitting a little way away, cooking something over a fire… FIRE!? Does he want to get us killed!? I rushed to sit up, but was greeted by a migraine that sent me back down. Erg, I can't just sit here, I thought to myself. I sat up slowly and stood up just as slow. My leg, which usually hurt every time I stood up, felt normal. I looked down in surprise. Somebody—obviously Ben—had redressed the wounds with a white cloth. I couldn't believe it. I wobbled happily over to Ben, remembering his fire. "Why did you light a fire? It's easier and safer to just use the coals." I said, quickly dousing the fire with some water from my pack. The coals were still hot as I lay the pan Ben was holding on to them. The sweet smell of roasted apples filled the air. I smiled and dug into my bag, pulling out the cream rolls I had found in the giant's cave. They were still perfect. Ben eyed them uneasily. "Where did you get them?" he asked. I laughed and explained about the giant in the forest. Ben grinned. I saw the apples were ready out of the corner of my eye. Grabbing hold of my rolls, I tossed the apples high in the air. Each one landed on a roll, leaving a trio of apples slices on every roll. I smiled. "Four rolls, twelve apple slices… good work Ben!" I said, taking a bite. The apples added an extra sweet flavour to the otherwise bitter cream rolls. They tasted amazing. Ben devoured his in seconds. I smiled at the sight of his mucky face. Then I felt somebody watching me. I finished my rolls and stood up. In an instant my sword is in my hand. I glanced around. A man. Standing at the end of the alley there was a man. His eyes were red. Monster. He strode toward us. By his gait, I would guess he's a manticore. Oh great. The only way I'd ever be able to defeat a manticore would be with help… from Nico. He was the only other demigod I trusted. I took my cell from my pocket. The number flickered on the screen. I hadn't used my phone since I'd met Nico. He said it could attract monsters. Now I was going to use it again. Sigh. I practically punched the call button and pressed the phone to my ear. He answered on the first ring. "Ria! You finally called!" Nico sounded happy. When I met him, he was a skinny, scraggly 12 year old. Also depressed and angry. Now he's… 14? I wonder. Ben came over to me, rapier ready, I glared at the thing with obvious disdain. But I had to answer Nico. "Yeah. I need help. Manticore… what do I do?" Nico fell silent at my answer. "Wait there. I'm on my way." He said it with finality. But I still argued. "Nico… but… but…" I trailed off. Nico had already hung up. I sighed and put my phone away. My head spun. Wow. This always happens at the worst times. Nico suddenly materialised from the shadows. Weird thing about Nico, he cans teleport between shadows. That and… oh, he was born in the 1940s but got trapped in this hotel called Lotus Casino where people get trapped in time and can't leave because the hotel provides these 'lotus' foods that distract you so you don't ever want to leave. I have no idea how he escaped. Nico looked better, and worse. He was wearing black jeans and a black leather jacket. He wore a small skull ring on his right hand. He pulled out his Stygian iron sword. It was pure black and still gave me the creeps. What do you expect from a sword cooled in water from the Styx? Nothing I guess. Nico's black hair was actually combed this time. It was still mess. His clothes hung from his almost skeletal frame. His face was paler than usual. Ben glanced indignantly at Nico. Precisely why I didn't want Nico to come. Well he was there, so I had to get over it. I readied my sword and waited for the man(ticore) to reach us. He didn't seem startled by Nico's sudden appearance. Nico looked me over with a smile on his face before turning to the manticore. I grimaced as the beast closed in... Bang! A spine hit the wall where my head had been only a second ago. I had ducked just in time. I breathed a sigh and tossed my sword high, it landed in my hand as a bracelet. I quickly touched a sequence of pearls. A wide shield spread before me. I strapped it to my arm and stepped in front of Ben and Nico. Then I turned to Ben. "Apollo's son, right? Got any arrows?" he smiled like I had just asked his favourite question in the world. He opened his bag and took out a longbow with some golden tipped arrow. Then the shield shuddered. Again and again the shield vibrated at the impact of multiple spine projectiles. Eventually I began to lose my balance. Nico caught me before I fell. He steadied me and helped me hold the shield. It took both of us to keep it suspended. "Hurry with that bow Ben! We're dying here!" I almost shrieked at him. He finally loaded an arrow and shot high into the air. By the roar of anger, I guess he hit his target. Then the shield toppled over. I pushed Nico out of the way as the shield fell. I lay angrily under the ruined shield. The metal was ripped in two. A shrapnel of metal forced its way into my shoulder. Ignoring the pain, I stood up and pulled my dagger out of my boot. The manticore laughed at the sight of it. I smiled at his incompetence. I lunged. All that was left was some spines. A gust of wind got rid of all the dust. I collapsed to the floor, my shoulder throbbing. I dropped my dagger. Nico stared at me in awe. He gently took my arm and pulled me to my feet. He easily supported me with one arm around my waist. "Need to go…" I said weakly. I had to get out of there. Nico frowned. "Don't do that again. Don't try to protect me." There was pain in his voice. I looked