Draco shifted nervously as he was perched upon Harry's desk, toying idly with a feathered quill in a cup. "Hmm?" Harry hummed softly, opening a drawer and rifling through it, finding the forms he needed to complete before they could go home. He glanced over to a hand, anxiously playing with items littering his desk, silver band glinting in the light of his lamp. He still couldn't believe that this little monster was his husband. The blonde said nothing, continuing to fiddle with things, biting his lip as he met green eyes briefly. "Draco." He muttered in a quiet, yet stern tone, letting the boy know he would like to know what was on his mind. "I'm nervous." Draco admitted after a few moments of silence between the pair. "You, nervous? Tell me something I don't know." Harry chided playfully, looking at the Adonis, whose hands had clasped together, settling between his knees, ankles crossed, tapping lightly against the drawers to his desk. He smirked as he saw thumbs twiddling. "You've no need to be nervous." He scoffed, shaking his head. "Are you kidding me? I've loads to be nervous about." Harry rolled his eyes, reaching for a pen and scrawling his name across the bottom of the nearly completed forms. "Like what?" He murmured. "What if he destroys me? What if I come in like fifteen seconds!? Who are we kidding, I'm probably going to come before I even get my trousers off." He mumbled, pink spots rising in his cheeks. "Destroys you?" Harry said, folding the forms and looking up at the blonde, arching his eyebrow in a very Malfoy fashion. "You going to let him nail you or something, love?" He grinned, heart leaping in his chest as he watched cheeks darken in color. Draco gave him a sheepish look. "I've been thinking about it." He brought his thumb up to his mouth. "Is that something you'd be okay with?" Harry inserted the paper into an envelope, sealing it before sending it off to the correct department within the building. He scooted to rest his elbows on Dracos knees, tilting green eyes up to meet grey. "I think it would be hot. You think you'll be able to handle it though?" He flashed him a wicked grin. "You bitch when I put it in...you know he's got just a little more go-around, right?" Draco scrunched his nose up, twitching slightly in his pants at the thought of the redheads goods. "Mmm, what was that for?" Harry noting the flash of movement behind the blondes slacks. "Thinking about it..." Harry smoothed his hands up his thighs, gripping them and spreading them apart, relishing in the breathy gasp issued from full lips. "Thinking about what? His fat cock?" He moved his hands inward once more. "Harry." Draco whined softly, clicking his jaw shut as thumbs rubbed the junction where legs met torso. He giggled softly, watching as he leaped once more behind the confines of his trousers. "What? Or how he's going to spread those plump little cheeks, slide into that tight, tiny hole." Harry whispered, watching as grey eyes rolled back, fluttering shut, face full of color. Oh, teasing the blonde never seemed to get old. He cupped him suddenly, delighting as Draco squealed, reaching out to tug at dark locks. "Harry, we can't!" He said in a hushed whisper, as though someone would be able to hear them in the brunettes closed office. Draco held his hand in the boy's hair, trying to keep him still. "Draco, we can." He countered, stroking him slowly through the fabric. "Besides," He began, sliding his finger around the brass button, catching grey eyes, seeing that they were rapidly darkening. "If I get you off now, maybe you'll be able to hold off a little longer later." Draco laughed, leaning back on his palms and watching as the Boy Wonder undid his trousers. "You think so?" Harry bit his lip, giving him an evil smirk as he tucked fingers into the elastic waistband of black and white briefs. "Doubtful, because I'm sure you'll be ready to blow as soon as he touches you." He grinned, wrapping his hand around a nearly solid length. "But it's wishful thinking, right?" He lilted, bringing the tip to his lips, sucking the skin there gently. "You're a prat." Harry giggled, dragging his teeth across the skin lightly, earning a violent full body twitch from his lover. "Am I?" He sucked his head languidly, tongue laving the hot flesh teasingly. "You know you shouldn't be so rude to someone whose sucking your cock, Draco." He growled, threading a hand into dark locks and sinking Harry's mouth onto his length, relishing in the choked moan issued from the back of his throat. "All of it." He whispered, pressing until he felt a nose in the short, blonde hairs across his pubic bone. Draco held him there for several seconds until Harry heaved, throat closing around him. He let him go, watching the brunette snap back, face flushed and eyes beginning to stream. "You're fucking stunning." Harry gulped down a breath of air, pulse rushing in his ears. "Merlin." He managed to mutter after enough oxygen had returned to his brain. "Mmm, it's a good way to get you to shut up, isn't it?" Draco lilted, leading the now bright red mouth back to his length. He let the hand trail across his face, thumb grazing cheekbones, hollowed from sucking, down to his jawline, slack as he took him down to the root once more, then onto his throat, feeling his length, thick and twitching below the flesh. "God, I love when I can feel it in your throat." He pulled him back up, resting his tip against a swollen lower lip. "Suck the tip real lightly...mmm, just like that." Draco felt his orgasm pooling low and boiling in his stomach as he watched his husband obey, head suctioned gently in that hot mouth. "You feel so good." "You close?" Harry asked softly, swirling his tongue in a slow circle around, lapping up the bead of pre-cum as it sprang forth. He felt the blonde tighten in his hand. Draco let out a breathy laugh, toes curling in his shoes as Harry continued to suck. "What do you think?" He murmured. Harry locked eyes with him, thrill dancing along his spine as he saw grey eyes stormy, hooded, lip tugged between teeth. He squeezed Draco's thighs lightly as he sucked harder, delighting in the shuddering gasp given by the blonde as he came, spurting into his mouth. "Show me." Draco said in a quiet demand. Harry obeyed, resting his elbows on the boy's knees once more, chin in his hands as he opened his mouth, the blondes seed splayed out across his tongue. Draco sighed, giving the brunette a satisfied grin as he giggled low in his throat. "You're such a dirty, little thing." He pushed Harry's bangs out of his face, stroking his chin. "I love you." Harry swallowed. "Am I?" He grinned, fixing the blondes pants. "I love you, too." He brought the boy in for a slow, tender kiss before smiling against his lips. "Go and get your things so we can go home!" .. Draco shifted nervously, glancing in the mirror beside their front door as he perched on the arm of the couch. "Draco, for the love of Merlin!" Harry chastised, watching as his lover toyed with his bangs for what seemed like the thousandth time. "You look fine, this is going to be fine!" He crossed his arms, feeling nerves welling up slightly in the pit of his own stomach. He just hoped this went smoothly, that things didn't get out of hand too quickly like they tended to do. He moved towards the blonde, running his fingertips around the shell of his ear. "I wish you'd let me have a drink." "Hmm, I'm sure you'll need a shot or two of firewhiskey just to take him." Harry lilted, giving him a lecherous grin, squealing as a hand shot out to pinch at his side. He leaned in, kissing him softly, wrapping his arms around his neck. "You're right, so let me have them, then?" Draco asked against his lips. "It's going to be so hot, watching you take all of him..." He whispered, lips moving to kiss at his ear, nibbling the skin there, earning a sharp intake of breath. "Stop." He said in a soft whine, feeling heat coming to his cheeks at the thought. Draco jumped at the knock at the door, feeling a wave of nerves roll through him. He watched as his husband moved away, going to the door and greeting the older Weasley. "Red faced already, Malfoy?" Charlie chided, giving him a smirk as he moved further into the living room. He had a bottle in one hand, the other tucked into the front pocket of his jeans. "I was talking dirty to him." Harry stated, winking at the blonde, watching as cheeks colored further. "Oh yeah?" Charlie asked. "Like what?" Harry led the redhead into the kitchen. "About how hot it's going to be when he takes all of you." He giggled when the older man stopped short, jaw going slack, head slowly turning to the blonde. "That so?" He said, setting the bottle on the countertop. "You're going to let me nail you?" He bit his thumb, making his way off the couch and into the kitchen, eyeing the pair, both seeming to consume all the air. "I'm going to attempt." Draco looked at the bottle, seeing that it was mead. Charlie gave a throaty giggle, taking the three glass tumblers Harry had drawn from the cabinet and unstoppering the bottle. He eyed the blonde, watching as cheeks dusted with color once more."Attempt? You're not much of a bottom then?" Draco scoffed. "No, I bottom enough...you're just on another level." "We're pretty even these days, when it comes to give and take." Harry replied, taking his glass and hopping up onto the countertop to watch the two. "He has trouble getting mine in...so we're going to have to go real slow." The redhead flashed him a wicked grin over the lip of his glass, making Draco shiver. "You think you'll be able to handle real slow, Malfoy?" He took a gulp of the alcohol, feeling himself twitch in his shorts. Draco nodded. "I'll do my best." .. They talked and drank for about an hour, Charlie filling them in on his work, the two of them filling him in on the inner workings of Georges' business. "Well, are you ready to head upstairs, love?" Harry asked, coming to cup his chin after he had settled their glasses into the sink. Draco, who was pink in the cheeks, relaxed somewhat by the mead, nodded, winding his arms around Harry's neck and giving him a wet kiss, slipping their tongues together. Harry giggled, tugging gently at the hair at the base of his neck. "Come on then, lets get you naked." He said, taking the boys hand and leading them upstairs. "This is a nice little place you've got here...probably as many pictures on the walls as Mum, though." Charlie said with a chuckle, noting the various frames filled with photos of the two along with other members of their clan. "It's nice and quiet, my Mum lives just over the way, so it makes it nice." Draco replied as they entered the bedroom and shut the door. He watched as Harry set about lighting and duplicating candles, bathing them in a warm glow. "Your Mum lives among the Muggles, eh?" Charlie pulled his tee shirt over his head and tossing it. "Yeah, it's quiet and a lot less...drama...than living anywhere witches or wizards are located." Draco swallowed hard as he watched tattoos and symbols dance across scarred, muscled flesh. He fiddled with the strings to his shorts. "Dray." Harry murmured softly, watching as worried grey