Draco took a slow breath in, smoothing his bangs out of ice colored eyes as he glanced around the room. Old classmates littered the large recreation room, one that Muggles held dances and reunions in. Longbottom had arranged this sort of...get together after the dust from the war had settled. Something the remaining students could attend to check up on others, see who was left and to see who was going to be returning for their 'final' year of Hogwarts. He held a whiskey and coke in his hand, fingers trembling slightly. Draco wasn't even sure why he was here, none of these people wanted to see him and he knew it. He had done them all so wrong, betrayal in the highest degree. He took a sip, wandering towards a set of empty chairs in the corner. He felt a surge of nerves up his spine as a familiar voice lilted his way. Potter, dressed in a light grey thermal top, sleeves bunched in his hands, one arm tucked across a thin waist, dark locks in their usual mess atop his head, slightly longer than the last time he had seen him at the castle. Dark jeans that were supposed to be tight fitting appeared to be baggy against his legs and bottom. He had never seen the brunette this thin. He swallowed hard before taking another drink as the scrawny boy approached him, green eyes bright even in the dim light of the hall. Draco kept his mouth shut as The Boy-Who-Lived sat beside him, watching as he brought one foot up to rest on his knee. "So, how about those Harpies?" He asked softly, snagging his lower lip between teeth, flashing the blonde a little grin before taking a sip from his drink. Draco laughed, feeling relief wash over him as the strange tension broke between them. "Hmm, I didn't figure you to have a decent taste in Quidditch teams, Potter." He took another sip, eyeing the thin boy over the rim of his glass. "I figured it was better than just sitting down and saying 'hello' we don't exactly deal well in formalities, do we?" "I suppose you are right, they did spank the Bats' the other day. But I think Morgan needs to get her shit together, honestly." He leaned back, resting his head against the wall, recalling just how easy it had been before to banter with the brunette, memories of all the times they had spent before the War, knowing it was possible to have civil conversation with Harry. Maybe now things could be different. "Did they? I wasn't able to catch that game." He took another drink, scrunching his nose up. "And hardly, shes' a fantastic Chaser." "Busy? I'm sure you had a press conference or something to attend." He said softly, giving him a smirk. "Exactly, that is why she needs to get her shit together." Harry laughed, biting his thumb, green eyes roaming the Adonis. He felt a pang of longing deep in his stomach, the boy looked so handsome. Blonde hair now falling in a less severe slick backed version, wispy bits falling into grey eyes. He was wearing a white button up, sleeves rolled up, faded Dark Mark slightly less visible since Harry had seen it last, dark jeans hugged his thighs tightly. Harry took a careful breath in, trying to redirect his thoughts. "I stopped doing all that press crap months ago, I have nothing left to say to the Prophet." He scrunched his nose up. "You...on the other hand...I have plenty to say to." Draco rolled his eyes. "Please don't start with apologies, Potter." He began, but was cut short when he saw dark brows furrow, a hand coming up to stop him. "Who said I was going to apologize for anything?" He snapped softly, green eyes flashing. "I wanted to thank you...I wanted to tell you some things' that I've been unable to tell you since I saw you last." Harry shook his head, giving him a little smile. "Don't be a prat." "Prat?" "Mmm, brat then?" Harry countered, watching grey eyes flash this time, color ghosting pale, pointed cheeks. "Potter." Draco muttered, feeling the heat grow in his face as he sipped his drink. "Get on with it." He rolled his eyes, smirking at the blonde before taking on what he assumed was a serious face. "I mean it." Harry shifted, turning in his chair to fully face the blonde. He reached down scratching scabs along his stomach idly before catching himself. "I want to thank you." "Thank me?" "Stop!" Harry whined, giving the blonde a petulant look. He bit the tip of his tongue before continuing. "I know that you knew it was me...I know you did...and I could see it in your eyes how scared you were...so thank you for not outing me." He twisted his fingers together, feeling emotion swirling in the pit of his stomach. "I don't know if your Mum has ever told you this;" He heard the blondes breath hitch slightly. "But when He...killed me...he sent her to check to make sure I wasn't alive." Harry flickered his eyes up to see grey fixed on him. "She knew I was alive, she could see me breathing. She leaned in and whispered, asking if you were alive and if you were in the castle. I said yes and she stood up and told Him that I was dead. I want to thank her at some point, if I ever got the chance." Draco let a soft whimper go, reaching up and brushing his own bangs back, affection for the brunette surging through him. "S-since we are giving thanks." He let his eyes wander down to Harry's hand, wishing he could reach out and clasp it. "Thank you for holding your hand out to me, in the Room of Requirement...you saved my life." He glanced back up, seeing the boy giving him a warm, simpering smile, tugging at his heartstrings. He shrugged. "You saved mine first." Harry bit his thumb, feeling tears beginning to prickle in the corners of emerald eyes. "Neither of us would be here without the other, really if you think about it." "You're being a pouf, Potter." He gave him a playful grin as he saw tears starting to sparkle in his eyes. Draco finished his drink, setting it on the chair beside him and crossing his leg, resting his arm on his knee, chin in hand, watching the brunette. He giggled, thrilled as the sound moved through Draco. "I love it when we just talk...like this." "Mmm, you've missed it or something?" Draco chided, feeling the same. He shrugged once more, grinning behind his thumb. "Kind of, I mean Ron and Hermione are alright, but they are together now, so they kind of keep to themselves. I missed having someone to tease during the War." "Oh that's what it was, Potter?" He said with a laugh, heart thudding dully behind his ribcage. Draco loved how easy it was to fall back into the groove of playful jabs, coy glances and rude comments. He missed their taboo encounters in the hallways and classrooms. "You know what I mean." He said quietly. "I miss the conversations we had...you know when we weren't beating the pulp out of each other." Harry locked eyes with the Adonis for a few moments before asking. "Don't you?" He took a slow breath, emotion boiling just below the surface. "I do." He managed to whisper after some time, need for the tiny Savior taking all his air. "Why are you always doing this shit to me? Making me feel like a bloody pansy all the time." Draco bristled, trying to shake away some of these feelings. "I'm sorry I make you feel things, Mr. Malfoy." Harry snapped in a lilting tone. "Do...do you want to keep talking?" "Now? Sure, I mean I know no one else is going to conversate with me here..." "No!" He scrunched his face up slightly, licking his lower lip and clearing his throat after a few seconds. "D-Draco...I mean in general." Draco grinned at the sound of his name coming from that mouth. "You're saying you wanna be friends?" Harry shrugged for what felt like the dozenth time. "I mean why not, we seem to be getting along just fine. We don't have any of the tension of the War, the constant need to outsmart each other. Why not?" He watched as color flooded olive skinned cheeks. "I love when your cheeks get red like that." Draco murmured, repeating the sentiment the brunette had told him once against a stone wall in a deserted corridor. He sat back against the wall, giving the boy a long look. "You expect me to call you, Harry?" He scoffed, giving the blonde a chastising look. "Well, I'm sure if I can call you Draco then you can manage to reciprocate, no?" Draco laughed, flashing him a brilliant grin. "Mmm, Harry...I think I can manage. Don't think I won't call you Potter when you do something stupid though." Harry sighed, the sound of his name sending a shiver up his spine. "Well, we'll see what happens." He gave him a wink, laughing. "So would you want to owl or something? Are you planning on returning to school?" Draco bit his lower lip. "I dunno...well the school. I do want to owl you, it will be nice to get post besides the Prophet talking about my father in Askaban. But for school, I'm not sure. I want too, but I'm nervous...I know I'll be the only Slytherin..." He glanced around at the other milling about. "But I don't think that they will be very accepting of me." "Who cares if they are accepting? You've done your time, you've paid your dues. If they can't accept that you chose to get out then they don't deserve your time anyway." Harry declared. Draco sighed, feeling weight lift from his shoulders at the brunettes words. "You're right." He shifted slightly, bottom starting to hurt from sitting. "So what's new with Weaselette?" Harry snorted, gripping his face gently with both hands, blowing a muffled stream of air between them. "Nothing good to report?" He shook his head, green eyes glancing over at the boy. "No, we aren't a thing anymore." He picked his drink up once more, taking a sip. "She not take that well?" "Absolutely not, she terrorizes me." Harry muttered. "Hex her?" He laughed, giving the blonde an incredulous look. "Really?" Draco shrugged, grinning. "How is she terrorizing you?" He watched the brunette intently, studying the planes of his face, how his jaw curved to meet a slender neck, Adam's apple bobbing as he prepared to speak. He missed being able to gaze at the Boy Wonder, it felt nice to unabashedly stare at him for once. "She just says and does rude, vile things. She will verbally attack me, call me names." He glanced up at him, shivering when he saw grey eyes watching him very intently. Harry wasn't about to mention that the small redhead had been regularly hitting him, causing bruises and scratches. "Mmm, and she thinks that will make you come running back, eh?" He countered, delighting in the soft smile that crossed his lips. "What happened?" Draco pried, knowing the boy would answer anything he asked. "She wanted something from me that I just wasn't able to give her." He stated, biting his thumb. "She...she wanted a fairy tale and I couldn't live up to that." "Are you upset you had to break it off?" He shook his head. "No, I mean...yeah, it's never fun having to break up with someone I suppose, but I'll admit it's like having a weight off my shoulders, not having to pretend it was working when it clearly wasn't." "You got any girls lined up then?" Draco teased, giving him a grin that earned an eye roll. "Absolutely not." He laughed. "I don't