"I wish you'd eat." Draco chided softly, resting his elbow on the dining table, settling his chin in his palm and watching the brunette. The boy toyed idly with the food on his plate, brows furrowed. "I can't." "Why?" Draco prodded, seeing the flame flicker on the candle resting on the table between them. "I just want to go home." He muttered quietly, green eyes lifting momentarily to meet with grey. Draco laughed, thrill dancing along his spine as he saw those emerald colored eyes flash behind glasses. He tipped his wine glass to his lips, giving a low, non-committal hum. "Why's that?" He giggled, putting a bite of food into his mouth. "You know why." "Hmm, indulge me, Mr. Malfoy." He murmured, heart swelling with affection for the brunette. "Oh, I'm going to indulge you." Harry countered, taking a drink. He bit his lower lip, toying with the linen tablecloth. "How, though, Harry. How?" Draco pressed. "You think I'm going to tell you all the dirty details of what I have in store for you here? With all these people?" Harry said with a devilish smirk, watching as color dusted the apples of sharp cheeks. "Harry." Draco muttered, biting his lower lip and trying to break away from the boy's stare, threatening to leap in his trousers. "I'm sure you don't want me to talk about how I'm going to strip you down and lick you from your ears to your toes?" He reveled in the soft, startled gasp issued from full lips. "Lay you over my knee and give you all of those birthday spankings." He squeaked, feeling his blush darkening on his face as the Boy Wonder continued. "You just had to know, Malfoy." Harry chided playfully, taking a long sip from his glass. "Can't just keep anything a surprise, can you? Forcing me to tell you all about how I'm going to bury my face between those fat, perfect little cheeks and lick and suck until you're nothing but a pile of mush in our bed." He grinned,as each word moved through the blonde, seeing grey eyes lose focus. "Harry, for fuck's sake." He managed to mutter after a few moments of self-collection. He giggled, twinging in his trousers slightly. "Your face is so red. Merlin, you're so beautiful, you know that?" "You're being a prat." Harry rolled his eyes. "Mmm, you asked ,you just had to press, Draco." He murmured, glancing up and seeing their waitress approaching. "Everything going well over here?" She asked, turning to look at Draco, whose face was still flaming. "Are you doing okay? Your face is really red." Draco swallowed, giving the brunette in front of him an evil glance as he downed the rest of his wine. "I just have a husband who gets a laugh out of embarrassing me in public. Can I have one more glass of this?" The waitress laughed softly, gathering the glass and giving Harry a faux chastising look. "You'd better behave, it's his birthday!" "See! Someone agrees with me!" Draco said haughtily, crossing his arms and leaning back in his chair. "You're a brat." Harry rolled his eyes once more, grinning as the woman walked away to fill the glass. "Hurry up and eat!" "Why, when I have to wait for you to finish that glass of wine?" He countered, biting his lip, giving the blonde a long look. Draco took a deep breath, heart doing somersaults in his chest as the brunette continued to hold him under his hungry gaze. "Oh my God, stop looking at me like that!" He said in a soft petulant voice. Harry chuckled, picking up his fork and toying with what remaining bits of food were on his plate. "I can't help it, love. I'm not hungry for food." Draco growled, bringing his hands up to heated cheeks and cupping his face. "Knock it off." He winked, taking a bite. "You'll be the death of me one day, you know that?" "What a way to go, though." ... Harry hummed quietly as he heard Draco fiddling around in the bathroom. He was busy spreading candles around the room, filling the space with only light from the dozens of flickering flames. He waved his wand, white and red rose petals appearing in his hand, tossing them across their bedsheets. He had grabbed the bottle of spray from Draco's lab as they had made their way upstairs. Harry spritzed the room two or three times before settling it on the dresser, making his way to the bed. He had removed the majority of his clothes, leaving himself in just briefs. "Oh my fucking God, Harry, why?" Draco muttered as he walked into the room, the scent of the spray filling his nose, causing his stomach to swoop as desire washed over him. Harry giggled softly, leaning back on the heels of his hands as he admired the blonde in the candlelight. Left only in slim fitting dress pants, undone and slung low on hips, the elastic waistband of bright blue underwear peeking out from the fabric. "You're so sexy." He praised quietly, watching as a hand mussed platinum locks. "You trying to get me to blow early or something?" He asked, hooking his thumbs into his pants and watching the boy. "Mmm, no. I'm trying to get you to come twice, actually." Harry lilted, watching as dark eyes flashed, fluttering shut as he attempted to shuck the bottoms. "Come here." He murmured. Draco obeyed, climbing into Harry's lap and running fingertips lightly across his collarbones. "You want to know how I'm going to make you come twice, since you're just so curious tonight?" He teased, sliding a hand down a warm back, gripping the waistband to his briefs and rocking their pelvises together for a second, earning a sharp whine. He swallowed hard, trying to keep his emotions in check as the spray continued to wash over him, sending little tendrils of pleasure throughout his body, desire for the Boy-Who-Lived racing through him. "You can't just show me instead?" Harry growled, bringing him in for a round of hungry, passionate kisses, letting the Adonis know exactly what was on his mind. He tightened his grip on the elastic to Draco's briefs, rolling him forward, groaning into a kiss swollen mouth as he felt the blonde grind against him. "I love you." He whispered after catching his breath. "I love you, too, Harry." Draco replied, running his hands through dark locks before sealing their lips together once more, tongue roaming, re-learning the shape of Harry's mouth for what seemed the millionth time. It would never get old, making love with the firey little brunette below him. He tilted Harry's head back, tugging his hair gently, earning a soft whimper as he drug the tip of his tongue along the side of his Adam's apple. "Dray." He whispered as lips sucked at the delicate skin of his neck. He slid his hand below the fabric of bright blue briefs, cupping a cheek hard before suddenly shifting backwards, spreading the blonde over his knees before he even had time to react. "Harry!" Draco cried out as the elastic to his underwear was snapped. He settled his chin on his hands, looking over his shoulder at the brunette. "Quick, aren't I?" He gave him a cheeky grin, yanking the briefs down slightly, exposing a full bottom, porcelain skin almost begging to be reddened. He rubbed his hand slowly across the flesh. "Mmm, I have to give you so many, you think you can take it?" Draco let his eyes close for a moment, twitching against Harry's leg. "I suppose we will have to see won't WE!" He cried out as the first stinging slap was brought down. Harry giggled low in his throat, continuing to lay spanks across the skin, purring when he saw a handprint ghosting a flushed cheek. "Harry, for the love of God, hit on the other one for a bit!" Draco whined. "Oh, this one sore, love?" He lilted, rubbing the heated flesh. "Or are you telling me you want handprints on each cheek?" Draco groaned. "Is there really a handprint?" Harry nodded, biting his lower lip and giving the blonde a lecherous grin. "Absolutely." He spanked the other side for a bit, delighting in the ever-growing bump nudging against his thigh. "Are you even counting, Harry?" Draco muttered, looking at him after what seemed like way more than the allotted amount of hits. He giggled low in his throat, smirking. "Of course I'm counting, Malfoy." He brought his hand down once more, earning a sharp gasp, palm starting to sting. "I've got to give you a few to grow on, haven't I?" "It feels like you've been spanking me all the way into next year!" He whimpered, reaching back and stilling Harry's hand. "You've had enough then?" Harry lilted softly, rubbing his hand lightly across angry flesh, admiring the slight outlines of his fingers against the skin. Draco blew out a long stream of air and nodding. "I'm not a bloody glutton like you!" "Mmm, this sensitive skin, how could I forget?" He said in a lofty voice, fingers trailing down between heated cheeks to draw lightly from sac to tailbone, earning a shiver. "Harry!" He gasped, voice suddenly raspy as fingertips pressed his entrance gently, rubbing in a slow circle before moving away. "Draco!" The brunette countered, grinning wickedly, feeling the boy twitch against his leg once more. "What's this I keep feeling?" Draco scoffed. "Really? I really have to explain this to you? You put me over your knee like I'm some dirty little school boy, give me all these spankings and you wonder why I'm hard?" Harry giggled once more, tossing the blonde onto the bed and straddling his thighs. He ghosted fingertips along the bulge in half off underwear. "I mean, you could be harder." "Could I?" He countered, nestling into their mound of pillows and watching the little brunette. "Well, seems like you're the only one here who can remedy this problem." Harry flashed him a flirty grin, letting out a soft laugh as he tucked two fingers under the waistband of the briefs. "Why don't you give me a kiss?" He murmured, fingers tracing the lean lines of his abdomen, grey eyes darkening as he felt the elastic being tugged down. "That what you want?" "Merlin, don't be a tease, Harry!" Draco chided, searching bright green eyes, stomach swooping when he saw they were filled with mischief. He felt nerves frenzy inside knowing that look meant trouble. Harry shifted closer, moving his fingers from the waistband to lazily draw heart shapes along a suddenly tight torso, keeping stormy eyes locked with his. He kept his touches light, feeling porcelain skin erupt in goosebumps as fingers moved upwards, tracing the edges of pink nipples. Harry leaned in slightly, nibbling his lower lip as he saw the blonde swallow, Adams' apple bobbing in the column of his throat. "You said you wanted a kiss?" Draco let out a breathless whine, heart thudding dully behind his chest. He nodded, unable to speak as the brunette drew nearer, scent filling his nose, setting his nerves absolutely on fire. He briefly wondered if the Boy-Who-Lived would continue to hold this power over him, leaving him breathless, hard, dizzy and overwhelmed...who was he kidding? The boy had always had this power over him, why would it ever cease? "You look so good." He murmured, scooting forward once more, letting out a low moan when their erections brushed through the fabric of their briefs. Harry slid hands into platinum locks, brushing thumbs along his jawline. "Happy Birthday, Dray." He gave him a slow kiss, taking his time and coaxing the boys mouth open, tongues slipping together, thrill dancing up his spine at the quiet whimper issued between their swollen mouths. Harry gasped as hands suddenly moved to grip his hips tightly, rolling their pelvises together. "You're going too slow."