[[Sorry this took so long, guys. I've been unbelievably busy and things have just been crazy.]] Draco laughed, pushing at the thin brunette behind him as he felt lips along the curve of his neck. "Stop, you prat!" He chided softly, feeling an arm curl around his waist. "Mmm, no." Harry murmured, fingers smoothing along the gentle curve of a slender hip as he continued to press light kisses along porcelain skin. "We are in public!" He countered, glancing up to see Ron, who was nervously running his fingers over the fabric of dress robes. "And did you just tell me, no ?" Harry chuckled low in the back of his throat, nibbling the shell of his ear gently, delighting in the breathy little gasp he earned from the action. "I did." He wished the blondes dark blue dress shirt was untucked so he could slip his hand under, feel each ab taut against his fingers. "Knock it off!" He muttered, twinging in his pants as the boy continued to assault his ear with biting kisses, blowing cool air against its shell. "Oh, you don't like it?" He asked in a quiet drawl, lips against the space behind his ear. Harry slid his hand upwards, thumbing a pebbled nipple through the fabric of the shirt. Draco growled, lips then dropping open in a soft whimper as teeth scraped the delicate skin behind his ear. " Harry ." "Oi! Are you two going to bloody help me with this, or are you just going to stand around gnawing on each other!" Ron chastised, tops of his ears red as he glanced at the pair. "I'm trying, Weasley! It's this one that won't give it up!" Draco muttered, managing to wriggle his way from the Boy-Who-Lived's grasp. He gave the brunette a salacious wink as he made his way towards the redhead. "I can't stop myself sometimes, you know." Harry replied, flashing Draco brilliant grin. "Is that what it is?" Draco lilted, rubbing the fabric of the robe between his thumb and finger. He looked over his shoulder, seeing the boy settle into one of the chairs strewn in the little shop. "Does she have a color she sent you with?" He asked Ron. "When you're done, why don't you come sit on my lap." Harry countered, watching a blonde head tilt back, growl spilling from full lips. "Harry!" Draco said with an exasperated whine. He felt color rush across his face as Ron dropped a color swatch into his open hand. "Maybe someone's hexed his brains out or something, I don't know what his problem is." He muttered to the redhead before setting about finding robes in a color that matched Hermiones' specifications. Ron let out a soft laugh, color splotching his own face. "Hard telling, he's definitely on one today, it seems." He swallowed as the blonde handed him a set of robes. "Well, regardless of his...condition, I'm glad you're here to help me." "Well, you think Hermione would have sent you anywhere without my advice?" Draco jabbed playfully, giving him a smirk as he held the swatch against some fabric. The redhead chuckled. "You are not wrong, we all know I'm completely incapable of doing this sort of thing alone." "I'm glad to help, now go try some of these on so we can give them to the tailor!" He prodded, pushing the male towards the back. Draco turned to his husband, green eyes nearly burning a hole through him, causing him to gasp softly. "What's gotten into you?" He murmured. "More like what's going to be into you." Draco laughed, smoothing his hand across his bangs and watching the brunette give him a slow grin. "You're the worst." "Come here." He commanded gently. "Why?" "Do what you're told!" Harry countered, tugging his lower lip between teeth, green eyes sparkling with mischief. Draco tutted, advancing towards the brunette. He placed a hand on each arm of the chair, leaning in just slightly. "You're awful bold." "Mmm, haven't you told me before that you love when I tell you what to do?" Harry lilted, reaching out to caress a smooth jawline, seeing grey eyes flutter shut for a moment. "Stop." "Give me a kiss, Draco." He murmured. "Just one." He replied, leaning in and attempting to give the boy a somewhat chaste kiss, only to have the brunette steal every ounce of sanity left in his body, tongue slipping across his before teeth sinking into Draco's lower lip. "For just one second..." Draco growled, sitting up and pushing Harry by the shoulder into the chair. "This wasn't my fault! I went in for a nice, appropriate kiss." He felt his cheeks redden as he looked at Ron. The redhead, took a deep breath, shaking the robes, slipping his hands into pockets. "I hate these bloody things." "Then why are you wearing them?" Draco countered, reaching out and adjusting the collar to the garment. "My Mum wants us to have a more traditional, wizard wedding." Ron stated, glancing at himself in the full length mirror. "Trust me, if I could just go with the kind of wedding you two had, I would. Avoid all the extra bullshit." "Mine didn't care what we did as long as it was within reason, but I suppose yours will be a bit more traditional anyway." Draco said with a shrug. "If it's any consolation, they look loads better than those dreadful things you wore to the Yule Ball." He flashed the redhead an evil smirk, hearing Harry snicker behind him. "I think going starkers would be better than ever putting those things back on!" Ron muttered, swallowing hard as the tailor, a shriveled old wizard wandered his way towards them. "You...You are uh, going to have to tell him what needs to be done, because I've not the slightest idea." Draco chuckled, setting about telling the old man what needed to be altered on the dress robes, glancing over his shoulder to see his husband, curled up in the chair, toying with a bit of frayed fringe, chin resting in his free hand. He felt a surge of affection squeeze his heart tightly. Merlin, did he love him so. The blonde gave him a brilliant grin once he looked up, feeling grey eyes upon him. Harry hummed softly, feeling his heart thud dully behind his chest. "I love you." He murmured. "I love you, too." He countered, turning back to Ron and the tailor, who peered at him curiously for a few moments. "You two must be awful good friends, does your wife know you tell him you love him?" The older wizard joked, eyes moving to the silver band on Dracos' hand. Draco let out a soft laugh. "No, she doesn't, because she doesn't exist." He fidgeted idly with the color swatch Ronald had given him. "Doesn't exist? Is she...passed on?" He asked, pausing his writing to focus on the blonde. "No, she's not dead, I just never had a wife, I have a husband." He said quietly, watching the old man look to Harry, who raised his left hand. The tailor puffed, giving them both a wide eyed look. "Huh." He said finally, picking up his quill once more. "I didn't know you could do that sort of thing these days." He gave a slight smile. "I didn't even recognize you as Harry Potter." Harry laughed, shaking his bangs from his eyes. "It's these bangs. It does feel nice to not be noticed immediately, I'll admit." "I haven't paid much attention to the post or Prophet since before the War began, so for all intents and purposes, last time I saw you were merely sixteen or so." He said quietly, spreading the parchment he had been scribbling on out for Ron to read. "I can't have changed that much." Harry stated, sitting up in the chair. The tailor chuckled. "Well, four years can do a lot, make a boy a man." He tapped on the parchment with the quill, indicating the redhead sign it before he shimmied out of the chosen dress robes. "If I recall, you didn't look nearly as healthy back then, I'm sure being drug from here to there wasn't good." "I suppose you're right." He bristled slightly, meeting grey eyes briefly. "Well, I'm settled and happy." "Well, that's what's most important in life, isn't it?" .. Draco scooped a pile of blankets up, tossing them over his shoulder, watching as Harry picked up a bucket filled with ice and wine, tucking two glasses between his fingers. "This going to be fun." Harry smiled, looking over his shoulder as the headed out into their backyard, lit only by a few stray streetlamps towards the entrance to the complex. "Oh yes!" He set the bucket on the ground, settling the glasses inside and reaching for one of the blankets. "I don't know how many stars we will actually see, though." The blonde puffed, giving the boy a skeptical look. "You really think we are going to stargaze, Harry?" He shrugged, grabbing the ends of the blanket and helping Draco spread it out. "It's a thought, I suppose." Harry returned to the ice bucket, pulling the two glasses out before settling onto the fabric. "You going to cast a silencing charm, then?" Draco flashed him a devilish grin. "Not a chance." He watched as Harry faltered, trying to open the wine bottle. "Draco!" "You're just going to have to be quiet, aren't you then, Malfoy?" Draco countered, leaning back onto his hands. "Prat." "Mmm, but you've got to love it if you've kept me around so long, right?" He murmured, accepting a glass and taking a sip. Harry gave him a indignant look before pressing the glass to his lips. "Maybe I just like the way you're put together, Malfoy." He chuckled, taking the glass from the brunette and settling it into the bucket. "Why don't you show me what you like?" Draco said softly, tugging the hem to a dark blue t-shirt. He shifted down so his elbows were resting on the blanket. He gave Harry a slow grin as he obeyed, moving to his elbows as well. Harry flicked the tip of his tongue across suddenly dry lips as he ran eyes along the length of his husband, heart leaping. "Where do I begin?" He murmured. Harry reached up, toying with a few whispy, platinum strands, meeting grey eyes. "Hmm, this hair...so soft, yet..." He thread fingers through. "So tuggable." He gave blonde locks a gentle pull, earning a soft gasp. Fingertips trailed down to the space where jaw met neck. "This is probably my favorite spot, where your neck just sort of...curves down. I can see your pulse here sometimes." He swept his thumb across the vein, blueish against porcelain skin. "When I've really got your heart going, I suppose." Harry delighted in the quiet whimper issued from the boy. "I like these lips, they are full and perfect." He ran his thumb across his lower lip. "They look so brilliant wrapped around the head of my cock." "Harry!" Draco whined, feeling cheeks redden as the brunette continued to map his body. He skimmed fingertips along the column of his throat, popping the button to his shirt. "These collarbones are as you say... delectable. " Harry flashed his lover a evil little smirk before working each button open, watching as colored burned across a pointed face. He sat up completely, pushing the shirt from shoulders. "I like these..." He licked the pad of his thumb before running it around a pebbled nipple, garnering a sharp hiss. "So pink and always just begging me to tug at them." He murmured, mirroring his words. Harry glanced up to see grey eyes dark and out of focus, lips parted as he took slow breaths in. He bit his lower lip, reaching over and grabbing his wine glass taking a sip, watching as those eyes rolled upwards. "Bloody fucking tease you are." He