"Sod off, Potter." He mumbled, skin prickling uncomfortably with the closeness of the brunette, who had decided to perch himself beside Draco in a window sill. Several students gaped as they walked by, waiting for an altercation to occur. Draco swallowed hard, glancing at the boy, whose green eyes bore into him. He knew what he was going to ask, but the last thing he wanted to do was answer him. "I'll do no such thing, Malfoy." Harry replied, smoothing his hands down the tops of his own thighs. "You know what I'm going to ask, don't you?" He watched as rose colored spots appeared on gaunt, pointed cheeks. "I'm going to push you out of this damn window." "You think I wouldn't take you with me?" Harry lilted, biting his lip, trying to soften to mood, maybe the boy would open up a little more. He took in the blondes apperance, hair slightly disheveled, purple shadows hung below tired grey eyes. His posture dejected, far from the usual poised position he normally held. Dark grey sweater hung loose on his frame, fingers toying idly with the sleeves. "I can't tell you and you know that." He murmured, feeling his heart threatening to move into his throat. Draco crossed his ankles, wishing he could just jump down and take off down the corridor, but as of lately he found himself unable to resist being near the boy wonder. He gave him a sense of security during these uncertain times that he ached for. "Has he threatened your Mum?" "That's none of your business!" Draco snapped, hands twitching reflexively with the need to lash out towards him. He took a slow breath. "Of course he's threatened my Mum, he threatens all of the things that are important to me." He said quietly, glancing at the boy, feeling a twinge low in his stomach. "What is he making you do?" Harry asked, watching the Adonis shift slightly, knowing that all this conversation was making him uncomfortable, but he was willing to see how far the Slytherin would let him prod. Draco felt a laugh bubble to the surface, he tried to swallow it down, ending up with a strangled sounding giggle escaping his lips. "You really are bent, you know that?" He looked at Harry, trying to resist a smile. "You honestly think I can tell you that? I know you're absolutely piss poor at Occulmency, he'd probably snatch me right from this window sill to kill me." Harry bit his lip. "You...you know he can..." "That he can read your thoughts...or something...get inside your head, one of those...I've heard thing's of that nature floating around." He gave Harry a hint of a smirk. "Is it true?" He reached up, touching his scar gingerly. Harry furrowed his brows, wondering why he felt compelled to admit this to his long time enemy. "When he killed my parents, a piece of himself...latched onto me. So sometimes I can see vague bits of what he is doing..." He shivered. "He can also plant false images in my head, which is honestly strange." Harry bit his lip once more, recalling the time within the Department of Mysteries. He lifted green eyes to meet with grey. "You're not going to use this information in some sort of espionage are you?" Draco laughed hard, unable to stop himself, head tilting back with the force of it. He felt relief wash over him, having not laughed genuinely in so long. He gave the brunette a playful jab in the ribs. "No, I just want it all to be over with, honestly." Draco looked around, seeing students still glancing at the pair. "I wish you'd tell me." He murmured. "I can't tell you and you bloody well know that, Potter." He scowled, gaze returning to the brunette. "Trust me. I want..."Draco swallowed, lowering his voice. "I...I wish we didn't have to talk about this here." Harry felt his lips twitch into a ghost of a smile. "You think we could be trusted in a less..crowded area?" He watched in delight as color dusted those cheeks once again. He shook his head, eyes drifting to his hands in his lap. "No, its such a catch .22." Draco mumbled, since they were both apparently admitting things. "I want to go talk to you somewhere quiet...but at the same time I want to run away like a bloody pouf." He lifted his thumb to his mouth, catching it between teeth. "But at the same time, I know if...if we go, we will end up hexing each other." He shrugged. "I mean, I understand that completely." Harry watched him. "I won't hex you, if you won't hex me." He stated after a few moments of silent contemplation, deciding that he was going take full advantage of this time with the blonde. Draco scrubbed his hands over his sullen face, letting a low throaty giggle escape from his lips. He shifted his way off the stone sill. "This is absolutely mental." He felt his heart thud in his chest. "But I think that's a pretty fair compromise, Potter." Harry joined him on the ground, smoothing his bangs haphazardly from his face, adjusting his glasses. "If you take off running, I'll snatch you by your hair, okay?" He laughed again as they began walking down the corridor. "I don't think so." He felt a thrill dance along his spine, just getting to stroll along with Harry was something he craved, but knew the instances were very few and far between. He just hoped they could exert enough self-control to continue the conversation. "So what do you think you're going to do once you get out of here?" Harry asked as he guided them in the direction of a classroom he knew to be deserted at this time of day. "Small talk, Potter?" Draco chided, giving him a snide smirk that oozed playfullness as much as he tried to mask it. "I'll probably be in Askaban or dead. You?" Harry scoffed, giving him a light shove. "I don't want to walk in silence, do you?" He noticed a few people staring as they continued down the corridor. "It really is blowing peoples' minds that we are talking and not busting each other skulls in." He shrugged as they turned the corner into a much less crowded area. "You never answered the question." Draco muttered after a bit, following the dark haired boy into a classroom, pulse leaping, nerves washing over him. He glanced over his shoulder, seeing Draco's brows furrow slightly. He slipped his wand from his pocket. "Look, if we put them away from our reach then we won't be tempted right?" He said, shutting the door quietly and pulling the shade down, so no professors would find them in a space they shouldn't be in. He set his wand on the large desk, biting his lip as he watched Draco repeat his action, setting his beside Harry's. Draco swung grey eyes up meet green, nerves still whirring low in the pit of his stomach. "You still never answered the question." He repeated. Draco settled onto a desk, biting his thumb, feeling only slightly vulnerable. "I don't know, Malfoy." He said in a soft, exhasperated voice. "I don't know, probably dead like you said." He climbed onto a desk facing the blonde. "I have absolutely no idea what's coming. I don't know how to move forward, I feel like I'm flying by the seat of my pants." Harry felt his voice catch in the back of his throat. He rested his elbows on his knees, flicking his eyes up for a second. "I feel...Like, I...I'm not prepared enough for this at all. They just...they tell me things, but keep others secret." Harry felt an overwhelming sense of relief getting this off his chest, but was lost as to why he was so comfortable letting the blonde in on his thoughts. "How am I supposed to have any idea on where to start if they only give me vague direction and gestures, you know?" Draco swallowed hard, emotion, sick and hot pulsing through his chest. "I know how you feel." He managed to hoarsely whisper after sometime. "I know exactly how you feel." He lifted grey eyes up to meet with green, tears sparkling behind his glasses. Dracos' throat felt raw, the sudden intimate shift in the room almost too much for him. He cupped his face, squeezing his cheeks. "They've fucking pit us against each other in this...this bloody race to see who can win, who can knock each other down first." He drug the hand through slightly dirty hair, letting out a soft groan. "I hate it. I hate it because I know if I don't do what I'm supposed to do, he will kill me. But if I do what I'm supposed to do then everything will be worse." He gave a pathetic, dersive laugh, pinching the bridge of his nose as he felt tears welling up. "Just fix this already, Potter." Harry felt Dracos' admission sting, watching the blonde curl into himself to avoid crying. "I'm trying to fix it." "I wish I could let you in." Draco whispered, using the heels of his hands to wipe his tears, fear tingling along his spine, the weight of his duties feeling like an anvil across his shoulders. Harry clasped his hands tightly together, something twinging in his stomach, the want to draw the shrunken boy into his arms and comfort him in a way he desperately needed...in a way that he, himself needed. "I do too." He replied, bringing the hands up to his mouth, biting the tips of his thumbs. "I'm sorry I've gotten you so upset." Draco shifted, wishing he could hold it together long enough to pull his fake facade back on, but he struggled to keep from even crying. "You're not exactly any better off, Potter." He muttered, wiping his face once more. He growled. "I hate this. We are supposed to be fighting, thats' all we are good for is wiping each others faces on the floor. We aren't supposed to be holed up in some bloody classroom, sharing feelings and getting the weight off our shoulders. You and I are supposed to sneer at each other in the hallways." He felt his voice crack, he hunched his shoulders, vision blurry from tears as he tilted his head down to peer at the floor. "We don't have 'heart-to-hearts', we don't make each other feel better." "Am I making you feel better?" Harry asked quietly, a wave of affection for the crying blonde crashing into him, leaving him breathless for a few moments. He had never felt this strong surge of emotion for anyone...ever...not even Ginny. "Yes and I fucking hate it." Draco muttered with a sudden, gut-wrenching sob, all of the stress boiling to the surface. He looked at the brunette finally. "I'm supposed to hate you, I'm supposed to be doing all of this shit against you, tell me why the hell to I keep ending up like this?" He wrapped his arms around his waist, self-loathing coursing through his veins as he fell apart in front of Harry Potter. "Because this is what we need, apparently. You don't think I ask myself the same thing all the time? How we can be eating gravel one second, then crying like a bunch of bullied second years in front of each other?" He bristled, need for the blonde still sending shockwaves though his body. "You don't think I don't find it mental that one moment I hate your guts, then the next I'm up half the night, wondering what you're doing?" He felt his face flame up at his admission, stomach knotting up slightly. Draco sniffed hard, watching as Harry's face flooded with color. He wished he could tell him that he did the same, biding his time until the Boy Wonder discovered his plans. "We need to stop