Harry growled, anger for the bruised blonde in front of him mounting. He reached forward, yanking him by the collar. "I hate you." He muttered, green eyes roaming grey, noting a pink circle blooming around one eye socket. Harry slammed him against the wall, hearing a dull thud as the back of Malfoys' head connected with stone. "Yeah?" Malfoy cooed, head throbbing suddenly. He sucked a sharp breath in as he landed a punch to Harry's ribs, watching the brunette grunt in pain. He gave a sly smirk, despite his discomfort. He gasped as his hand was caught, wrist clasped tightly and pressed against the wall, skin scraping against the stone. "You know, you're never going to get good at beating the hell out of me." He goaded, heart thumping almost painfully in his chest as the Golden Boys scent drifted into his nose. Old books and something slightly flowerly. Draco had been spending a lot of time sulking in the library, watching the brunette, who was spending a lot of time sulking in the library. Draco had decided that covertly eyeing the boy while he pretended to shove his nose into books was much better than trying to decipher how to fix that bloody vanishing cabinet. He hated that he was so drawn to Harry. He had begun associating the smell of long ago printed pages, slowly fading ink with that mop of dark, always messy hair. He would try to keep his staring to a minimum, not wanting the boy to figure out he was admiring him from afar. Draco groaned, brought from his thoughts as he felt fingers digging into the side of his ribcage, pinching his flesh. "Punch me, Potter." He goaded in a low voice, grey eyes flicking across his face, seeing cheeks suck in, green eyes sparked with fire. Harry swallowed, tearing his gaze away from the blondes in an attempt to retain some semblance. He hated that Malfoy had this control over him, making his knees suddenly weak, but the need to hit him in the mouth at the same time. Harry didn't understand what this strange...attraction was for the Adonis. "Why do you do this?" He whispered, hand moving up to clasp around his throat, feeling his Adams Apple bob behind his palm. "Just do it, what are you waiting for?" Draco muttered, trying to keep from stirring in his trousers as he felt digits closing gently around his neck. He used his now free hand to pinch the brunette hard on the side. Harry squealed, giving the blondes throat a squeeze before landing a lackluster blow to his ribs. He watched color spread across pale cheeks, feeling himself twinge behind the confines of his jeans. "Malfoy." Draco growled, reaching out and yanking a handful of dark hair, putting distance between the two as he punched him in the chest. "I hate you." He repeated the brunettes sentiment from earlier. He pushed the boy once more hard, causing him to tumble to the floor of the empty corridor. He briefly wondered why no one had come to break them apart, they weren't exactly fighting quietly. He straddled Harry, pressing his face into the pavement, smirking when green eyes glared at him. "You're lousy at fighting, Potter." He said softly, hand sinking into messy locks, yanking his head back, watching skin scrape across the floor. "You would think...after all the fighting we do, you'd improve." Harry moaned, cheek stinging as he shifted, pushing the blonde half off of him. Draco watched as the hand that had just shoved him balled into a fist, aiming for his jaw. He evaded the blow, tipping from Harry's hips and onto the ground, the fist coming for him unraveling, gripping his jaw, fingers gouging into the flesh of his chin, ripping away chunks as the hand moved away. "FUCK POTTER!" He cried out, arm extending back with intent to knock the lights directly from the boy. He gasped as a hand gripped his hair tightly, slamming his head into the stone floor. Draco felt his vision blur, losing consciousness for a brief moment, coming too with pain searing across the back of his head. He balled up, pressing his forehead to the pavement, thighs against his stomach as he shook from the pain, chin stinging. He didn't even hear the boy scurry away as he reached up, gingerly touching the back of his head, feeling warm blood trickling through his hair. "Ugh." He muttered, sitting up slowly and trying to get his bearings. Draco couldn't believe Potter had just run off like that. He took a deep breath as his head throbbed. He wished he knew a healing spell, this would be fun to explain to Madam Pomfrey this late in the evening. He sighed, taking off his robes and removing his, thankfully black shirt and tying it carefully around his head in an attempt to stem the flow of blood from his wound. Draco stood shakily, glancing down to see blood dripped all along the floor. . Draco's eyes flew open, heart thudding loudly against his chest as he was awakened suddenly. "What's wrong?" Harry murmured, searching blindly for the blonde in the darkness of their bedroom. "I had a bad dream...well...it wasn't a dream, so much as a recollection." He smoothed his hand down his chest, clasping Harry's hand as it crept across his abdomen. "Of what?" He scooted closer, nestling his nose in the crook of Draco's neck, feeling his pulse erratic against his skin. "When you split my head open." He said softly, tilting to kiss the top of bedhead locks. He felt the brunette stiffen slightly, knowing he hated talking about the altercation. "I'm sorry." He whispered. "I should have stayed. I shouldn't have run away like I did." Harry trailed his fingertips in a slow circle on Draco's chest. Draco simpered quietly, glancing over to the clock, seeing that it was early morning. "It's in the past, like I've said before, I don't dwell on it." He lifted Harry's chin gently, leaning in to capture his lips in a slow kiss. He searched sleepy green eyes in the minimal light of the room. "I love you, baby." He kissed him once more. "You want to try to go back to sleep?" Harry snuggled closer to him, breathing in his scent as he nestled his face back into the crook of his neck. "Maybe you should let your heart settle down a little more." He murmured, hand splayed on his chest, feeling the steady thump of the organ behind his ribcage. "I love you, too." "It wasn't even so much the dream that got my heart going, it was that I woke up so suddenly." Draco muttered, letting out a quiet chuckle as he felt lips along the curve of his neck. "Oh, you think that will slow my heart rate, Potter?" He giggled, humming against the skin as he sucked lightly. Harry felt a thrill dance along his spine as Draco puffed. "Isn't it a bit early?" Draco chided. The brunette growled faintly, nipping the skin before turning over onto his other side, facing away from the blonde. Draco chuckled once more, turning onto his side, wrapping an arm around the boy and bringing his backside flush with his torso, bottom nestling into his pelvis. "You think you were going to get away that easy?" He whispered against his ear. "It's too early, Malfoy." He lilted, nuzzling his head into his pillow as lips trailed along his shoulder. Harry felt a hand smoothing along his torso and hip, thumb hooking into the waistband of his briefs. "How's that heart rate?" Draco rolled his eyes, sinking teeth into the flesh of his shoulder blade. "Just fine." He slipped the underwear down slightly, pressing his hips into a firm bottom. "Although I'm sure yours' is going to be elevated here soon." He moved lips along his neck and into his hair, seeking out an earlobe and sucking it, feeling the smaller boy shiver. "You're such a dog!" Harry teased, heart leaping in his chest as the blonde nibbled his ear. "A dog! Well, I'm fixing to make you purr like a little kitten, boy." Draco muttered, pushing those briefs down to bunch around thin thighs. He slid his hand slowly across his pubic bone, pushing the brunette back into his budding erection. "How's that sound?" Harry let out a soft moan, wriggling his hips, earning a quiet groan. "Sounds good to me." He murmured, tilting his head to the side to look at the blonde, seeing eyes dark and blown in the dim light, near white locks tossed haphazardly on his head. "Merlin, you are so sexy." He whimpered, capturing Harry's mouth in a searing kiss, tongue battling against his for dominance. He moved the hand up to play with each nipple, tugging playfully as they continued this round of heated kisses. "Touch my cock." Harry whispered, separating their mouths just enough to suck in a breath of air. "That what you want?" Draco lilted, hand splaying against his sternum, feeling his heart thumping erraticly behind ribs. "Well, I certainly have gotten your heart going, haven't I?" "Yes, you have...and yes, that's exactly what I want." Draco obliged, hand creeping down a slightly heaving stomach. He gasped, turning into a low chuckle as he felt the boy rock hard and already dribbling pre-cum. "Harry Potter." He teased, using his thumb to smear the liquid around a sensitive tip. Harry purred, rocking his bottom back into Draco's pelvis. "Oh God." "That feel good?" He asked, nuzzling his neck and ear lightly, burying his face into dark locks, breathing deeply as he gave him agonizingly slow strokes. "I love when you make all these noises, lets me know just what I should do." He whispered, sucking his earlobe into his mouth before blowing cool air against it, hearing the boy cry out softly, cock twitching in his hand. "You going to have your way with me, Mr. Malfoy?" He whispered, reaching back to toy with the waist band to Draco's shorts. Draco slipped his hand between Harry's thighs, cupping his balls lightly, fingertips trailing along the soft skin behind his sac. "I might. It is a little early isn't it?" He squeezed, sucking at the skin on his shoulder, thrill dancing along his spine at the thought of an very early morning romp. "The sun will be coming up soon." "Maybe this well help us go back to sleep." Harry rocked his hips back once more against an impossibly hard cock. "Besides, I don't think this is going to go away on it's own." He shivered as he felt the skin of his sac being rolled softly. "You don't think so?" Draco lilted, giving him a slow stroke before shifting up to reach over Harry in a quest for the lube. "How do you want it?" He muttered quietly against his ear, pushing the blankets down slightly, as to not smear the substance along the fabric. "Mmm, this seems fine." He replied, glancing over his shoulder to peer at the blonde in the dim light of the room. Harry gasped as cold, wet fingers slid against his cheeks. "You're going to be awful tight like this." He circled his entrance slowly, delighting in the soft catch of Harry's breath in the back of his throat. Draco shifted up once more, using his free hand to slide his shorts down, freeing an aching erection. He pressed lips along the curve of his neck, nibbling his earlobe once more. He dipped the tip of one finger just inside, nuzzling his face into dark hair, mewling as he felt Harry clench around the digit. "It's going to be so bloody good." Harry giggled, reaching behind him and grabbing at Draco's now bare bottom, giving him a playful squeeze. "Oh, yes it is." He murmured, kissing up his jawline until the brunette turned his head, sealing their mouths together