Harry sighed, glancing up at Ron, who was fiddling with his the cuffs of his dress shirt, attempting to thread cuff links on. He swallowed the sudden eruption of butterflies in his stomach back down before crossing the small room to his best friend. He reached for the cuff links. "So tell me again, why you two can't see each other?" Ron muttered as Harry fixed his cuff. He shrugged. "It's kind of a Muggle tradition. In a hetero wedding, the groom doesn't see the bride until she walks down the aisle." He moved to the other cuff, inserting the cuff link into the small buttonhole on the end of the sleeve. "Only here its' the groom sees the groom...and here we aren't walking down the aisle..." Harry took a step back, looking at Ron. "Thank you." He murmured. "What for? I should be thanking you for helping me get those bloody things on!" Harry laughed. "For being there, and accepting of him...and of me. For never questioning your faith in me or our friendship. You're my oldest and most sacred friend. I'm so thankful that you're here with me on this day." Ron clapped him on the shoulder, biting his lower lip in what looked like an attempt to keep his emotions in check. "I'm thankful to be here, mate. I'm just glad you were able to find someone who makes you so happy, even if he drives you and everyone else crazy all the time." He laughed, tilting his head back. "Aren't we supposed to be saving this sappy shit for the actual ceremony?" Harry rolled his eyes, making his way back to the mirror before reaching for his jacket. "I am going to attempt to not cry." "You know Hermione will be a big mess." Ron remarked, settling into a chair. "I haven't seen her, how's she look?" "Stunning...well, last I saw her she was in the dress, but hadn't gotten all the hair and things done. I'm sure once she is all made up she will look bloody brilliant." Ron settled his ankle on his knee, watching as Harry fluffed his hair in the mirror. "When are you going to propose to her?" Harry jabbed playfully, looking down at his hand, which was ringless, both given to Andromeda to place on a pad for Teddy to deliver. He glanced over at the redhead, whose brows furrowed for a moment. "I've honestly been thinking about it a lot lately." He shifted slightly, cheeks dusting with color. "I mean, we've gotten our own place, we're settled in. Our relationship is better than ever." Ron blew out a stream of air. "What do you think, mate?" Harry grinned. "I say go for it. I'm sure you'll get lots of 'Oh, it's about time.' and 'finally!'s but I'm sure she will be over-the-moon." He grabbed his suit jacket, pulling it on and giving himself a long look in the mirror, trying to swallow the quickly forming lump in his throat down. "I still really can't believe it, you know?" He muttered, slipping buttons through holes, heart thudding. "Draco Malfoy, of all people. That I would be marrying the person who made my life miserable, who made me eat more gravel than I'd like to admit. Draco Malfoy, who would send me into crazy tangents, who I'd stalk for months ." Harry glanced over at Ron. "Who I genuinely hated...and now I'm as completely mad about him as he is for me." Ron gave a soft chuckle. "I don't think you could ever be as mad about him as he is you, Harry." He shifted in his chair, color flashing across freckled skin once more. "He used to talk about you...all the time." "What do you mean?" Harry asked, smoothing the front of his jacket before turning to the redhead. "I'd hear him talking about you constantly. Remember when we would always have to sit near him in Potions? He was always mentioning your name." "Good stuff?" Harry gave him a wicked grin. Ron shrugged. "You think? I mean sometimes he would say things like 'Potter looks like a bloody git today,' which I guess can be construed to 'Potter's looking fit' or something. Did Parkinson know he was gay?" He nodded, thrill dancing along his spine at the thought of the blonde gushing over him in class. "Yeah, after a bit she did...and she knew about his crush on me." He snagged his thumb between teeth. "Did he ever say anything else?" He watched as cheeks filled further with redness. "I believe I once heard him mentioning something about your arse being 'plump' or 'fat'...one..one of those." He swallowed, seeing Harry giving him a sly grin. "Why didn't you tell me these things before?"Harry asked, glancing at his watch, seeing it was nearly time for them to head to the tent. Ron gaped. "As if you needed another reason to fight him! Harry you would have busted his head in for saying you had a nice bum. Besides, it was incredibly embarrassing, it's hard to even say it now!" Harry laughed, biting his thumb once more, eyes gleaming with this bit of gossip to goad his soon-to-be husband with. "I'm glad you did tell me." He looked at his watch once more. "Are you ready? We need to go find the others." Ron sighed, wriggling his way from the chair, clasping his hands together and giving Harry a brilliant grin. "Let's go get you married, yeah?" Harry led them from the master bedroom, hearing Molly's voice lilting from the kitchen as they made their way down the stairs. "He's not in here, right?" He called from the landing. "No! It's just me, Harry! Everyone else has made their way to the tent." She turned around from the mirror she had been fixing her hat in. "Oh, you both look so handsome." Molly whispered, bringing both of them in for a tight hug. "I'm so happy for you, my dear." She said, clasping his hands in hers. "Thank you Molly. It really means a lot..." He squeezed her hands lightly. "And like I told Ron, thank you for being accepting of me...and of him. I know how hard it was at first." She simpered, reaching up to cup his jaw. "I've loved you as though you were my own for a long time, Harry. I could never imagine pushing you away like I did ever again." She shook her head, clearing her throat. "Come now, let's get going! You don't want to miss your own wedding, do you?" .. Harry gulped hard, feeling as though he had swallowed a few rather rambunctious Pixies down in his stomach. He was positioned on one side of the altar, curtain obscuring his view. Once all of the wedding party had filed in, music would start then he and Draco would come from behind their respective sections to join each other at the altar. They figured it was a decent solution than Harry walking down the aisle. He blew out a long stream of air, trying to keep as calm as he could. Soft music began to play and he peeked from between two curtains to see people starting to walk down the white rose petal littered path. His hands felt cold and slightly clammy, knowing he was probably going to be a sobbing mess in front of all these people. Ron and Hermione, arm and arm paraded down, Ron's face nearly as red as his hair. Hermione looked stunning, just as Ron had said, bouquet of yellow lilys and white roses clutched in her free hand, a white rose tucked into her hair just above her ear. He cleared his throat, emotion already pooling in his belly as the music faded out, the wedding party having settled into their spots. He took a what he hoped was a steadying breath, playing with the curtains idly in the few moments before their music started. A lilting tone, one they had heard a few months back while out dancing. Draco had fallen in love with it and they had determined that it, without the vocals would be perfect for them to walk into. He peered once more between the curtains across the room, seeing the blonde pulling his back. Harry's heart leaped almost painfully in his chest, sliding the fabric over and meeting grey eyes for the first time since they had apparated from their home early this morning. He wanted nothing more than to run and jump into his arms, he looked so good. Harry took a few steps forward, those burning him even from this distance. He felt his pulse quickening with each movement, need for his lover scorching through him. Draco sucked his lower lip into his mouth hard, reaching out and grasping Harry's left hand when he was finally within reach, the urge to crush him against him and bury his face in his hair almost overwhelming. He brought the hand up to his mouth, giving it a few kisses. "I love you so much." He whispered, grey eyes already threatening to fill with tears. "You look so handsome." Draco took the other hand, searching green eyes. "I love you, too. You look absolutely stunning." Harry shifted forward slightly, letting the Adonis' scent flood his senses, calming the bundle of frayed nerves within him. He glanced over at Arthur, who was beaming, stack of notes in his hand, Muggle suit making him appear much younger. He had eagerly accepted the idea of officating their wedding, the idea of having to take class that Muggles did thrilling to him. The redheaded Patricarch cleared his throat, peering at the two before turning his attention to the crowd settled into seats around them. He began with the usual 'we are gathered here today to bond these two together in matrimony' but added a few extras, talking about the sorrows of the War, how those who had lost so much were still able to find strength and even love in such hard times. He spoke of the power love had to bring people, even those who once hated each other, together. Arthur talked about how marriage was a two way street, how one was always trying to meet in the middle with the other. He congratulated the boys on their ability to see through the bad and only focus on the good within each other. After some time, Andromeda appeared at the end of the isle with Teddy, dressed in a tiny matching suit, pillow with their rings attached to his hand. His hair rapidly changing from a fiery red to the same dark shade as Harry's as the two approached the couple. Draco bent down, shaking Teddys' free hand and giving him a big smile, thanking him for the rings and letting him know what a great job he had done. He took the pillow, standing back up and threading them from their loops. Catching Harry's eye, he gave the brunette a sly grin as he handed Harry his ring. "You're my favorite." He said softly. "Yeah?" Harry countered, rolling Draco's ring between his fingers briefly before pocketing it. "Stop, we're supposed to be serious right now!" He chided, affection for the brunette boiling nearly to the surface. "Serious?" "Harry!" Draco scoffed, earning a chuckle from a few people in the crowd. He relaxed slightly, reaching for his hand once more. "I just wish I could kiss you." He said in a quiet, petulant voice, hands trembling slightly. "Well maybe if you'd get through these vows then you could!" Harry chided, grinning when he was pinched through his jacket. He rolled his eyes, glad Harry had broken the tension he had been feeling. Draco gave a soft squeeze to his hand once more before meeting his gaze. "I love you, more than anything in this entire world. I honestly can't imagine what my life would be like with you not in it." He tried to