Draco shifted uneasily in front of the mirror, glancing behind him to Hermione, who was perched in a creme upholstered chair, legs crossed and chin in hand, which was resting on her knee. "What now?" She murmured, hazel eyes raking him. "It's not this..." He replied, gesturing to his dress shirt. "You mean that's not the right color either?" "No, no, it is. It's exactly what I'm wanting...he and I will both look brilliant in it..." Draco frowned, examining the soft grey color of the top. He reached forward, running the tips of his fingers over a swatch of tie selections the tailor had left. "Then what?" He laughed softly, rolling the sleeves back on the shirt idly, biting his lip. "You know me, 'Mione. My mind is always going." Draco let a slow sigh go, feeling emotion swirling in the pit of his stomach. "I just really...I know I keep saying this...to everyone...But I honestly never thought these days would ever come, you know?" He looked at her through the mirror, reaching up and pushing bangs back slightly. "That I would ever be this close to marrying Harry Potter of all people." He swallowed, thinking carefully about his words. "Not just now, with him being so hesitant to get this whole...thing...going. I mean as a whole, if you would have asked me five years ago where I would be now, I'd have told you two things, Askaban...or dead. Never in my wildest dreams would I have believed that I would be hopelessly...infuriatingly in love with The-Boy-Who-Lived...let alone to have him reciprocate." "Hmm, it is quite strange, isn't it?" "POTTER, JUST STOP! I BLOODY HATE WHEN YOU CHASE ME DOWN!" Harry trailed after the blonde, watching school robes swish with his effort to evade him. "Just wait!" He pleaded. "No, leave me alone!" He took off at a trot, shimmying past a few students who were straggling to their dorms for the night. Harry puffed, watching the boy turn the corner. "MALFOY!" "Knock if off." He muttered, glancing around as he moved forward, noting the sudden emptiness of this new corridor. He caught up to the blonde, grasping him by the bicep and yanking him back, pushing him roughly into the stone wall. "Malfoy." He sneered, trying to keep his face a facade of irritation as Harrys' scent flooded his senses. "What do you fucking want, Potter? You need to get your hands off me." "No, because if I let you go you'll bolt and you know it." He pressed his other hand against the remaining arm, pinning him to the wall. He watched grey eyes, which were flinty, guarded and slightly vulnerable flicker up to meet green. "I want to say sorry." "For what?" He spat, although he knew the answer. "For Merlins' sake, Malfoy, you know why." Harry said, voice tight, fingers twitching in the fabric of Draco's robes. "You don't need to apologize, Potter. I don't need your pity." "It's not pity and you damn well know it." He snapped, jaw squaring slightly. He wished he could wipe that snotty mask of faux indignancy off and actually talk to him. Harry knew it was possible, it had happened. "I hurt you bad...and I didn't mean too." He let green eyes wander down to a bobbing Adams apple, trying to scope out any evidence of the curse he had cast in the lavatory a few days prior. "I hope you know...I had no idea what that spell would even do." "Well, that's why you don't cast spells you don't fucking know, you prat!" He watched dark brows furrow, green eyes darting away for a second. "Is this how you apologize to everyone? Pin them against the wall in an empty corridor?" He swallowed, seeing pink lips curl into a smile for a moment before those eyes rose back to lock with his. "No, just you, Malfoy." He said softly, watching a pointed face relax in the very slightest. Harry laughed low in his throat. "I fortunately don't feel the need to hex others, like I do when I see you." He gave the blonde a sly little smirk before shaking his head, trying to get back on track. "Hmm, you going to hex me?" He murmured in a slow drawl, delighting in the little spark of mischief that crossed emerald eyes. "Malfoy, stop!" He growled, trying to keep from grinning and giving in to the blonde. "Why do you do this to me?" Harry flexed his fingers around his biceps, tugging his own bottom lip before continuing. "I really am sorry...I know we don't get along...and I know there have been some times where we have...and I know you probably like to pretend those times don't exist. But I really didn't mean to cut you like that." He loosened his grip slightly, feeling cheeks fill with color as he asked. "Are there any marks?" Draco let out a quiet giggle, relishing in the reaction he had garnered from the brunette. "Yeah, there are a few. Snape was able to reverse most of them...but a handful were a little deep." "Can I see them?" Draco scoffed, feeling redness sprout in his own face at the request. "You want me to just strip off my shirt in this bloody corridor, Potter?" "Yes, actually. I do." He muttered, releasing the boy, watching as hesitation suddenly filled grey eyes. He tilted his head back against the stone, wishing the hallway was a little darker as to hide his embarrassing blush. Draco pulled a slow breath in as he reached up, tugging his tie until it was loose enough to reach the top buttons to his shirt. "I can't believe I'm doing this." "I honestly can't either." Harry whispered after a few more buttons were pushed through their holes, porcelain skin revealed with each pass. He felt his heart leap in his chest, cock twinging in his trousers as Draco yanked the fabric from its tucked in position in his pants. "Show me." He murmured when the top was was completely undone. Draco tried to steady his suddenly buzzing stomach as he traced his cold fingertips against his pale flesh, drawing them up to a scar running along the space between his nipple and ab. "There's one here." He moved to the next, a little further to the right, a few centimeters long, bright red and raised. "Here..." Draco glanced up to see green eyes on him, burning into him as he moved to the final scar, near his belly button, the deepest and the one that took the longest to stop bleeding. "And there's this one..." He let out a sharp gasp as warm digits suddenly roamed the marks. "Potter!" Harry whimpered so softly that it was nearly inaudible. He had never hurt anyone so badly that it had left marks like this, other than the few scrapes and cuts Dudley had sustained when Harry decided to fight back on occasion. He traced each scar, watching a thin stomach heave. "You can't just fucking touch me!" He snapped, trying to sound vicious but knowing it fell horribly flat. Draco clicked his jaw shut, feeling himself stirring in his trousers as those fingers moved across his skin. "Clearly." He muttered, glancing up to see grey eyes wide, cheeks ruddy with color. He looked absolutely stunning, but Harry could never tell him that. "I am so sorry that you have to live with these." "Right, like these are the only scars I have to live with that have come from you, Potter." He replied in a snide tone, tugging his lower lip, trying to control the emotions welling quickly up in his stomach. "You need to back up." He muttered. Harry chuckled. "I do suppose you are right...But it doesn't take away from the fact that this is serious...and I could have killed you." He moved his hands away, skin tingling. "Isn't that the goal?" Harry scoffed, giving the blonde a chastising look. "No! I could never even imagine. No matter how bad you get on my nerves, I never mean to really... really hurt you." "Always the hero, Potter." He leered. "Don't call me that!" "But isn't that what you prefer, to save everyone from themselves?" He reached for the ends of his shirt, beginning to button it up. "Always gotta come out the savior." Harry shoved him hard by the shoulder back against the wall, hearing a soft squeak issue from full lips. "I do not, you know I hate when people think that I'm always on some great crusade to fix everything." He watched as grey eyes swung up to meet his. "I'm not a bloody hero." "Then why do you care if you hurt me or not?" He muttered. "Because unlike you, Malfoy, I'm capable of being a compassionate person." He saw sparks fly in his eyes. Harry slid his arm up to press the blonde against the wall, holding him fast. "I can care about other people." Draco scoffed, trying to pretend that the words didn't sting. "You think I can't care about people?" "Well how can I tell when you always have that bratty damn look on your face?" Harry stated. "How is any one supposed to know when all you have is this stupid mask of indifference all the time?" He watched grey eyes flash with anger and what he guessed was hurt, he hadn't seen hurt in the boy's eyes in such a long time. Harry felt like he should pull back, but his irritation with Draco's apathy drove him forward. "Maybe if you didn't act so damn unconcerned all the time, you wouldn't be so lonely." "I'm far from lonely, Potter." He ground out, feeling that arm slipping slowly towards his neck. Harry laughed quietly, forcing grey eyes to hold his gaze as he took a step forward. "You also, apparently, are far from a good liar." He watched as those eyes widened a fraction. "You think I'm so stupid, that I can't see right through you sometimes. I think...sometimes besides Snape, I'm the only one who can see through your charade." Draco pushed him hard, sending him stumbling a few steps backwards. "You think I want to be like this, Potter? You think I want to do all of this?" He felt anger welling up hot and sick in the back of his throat. "YOU THINK I DON'T KNOW YOU CAN SEE RIGHT THROUGH MY BULLSHIT?" He drug a hand through his hair, gasping as emotion suddenly flooded his brain. "I HATE THAT I HAVE TO BE LIKE THIS, THIS FAKE..." His voice broke, causing the brunette to take a half a step forward. "This...this fake person. Putting on airs and pretending to be so fucking self-righteous all the time! Everyone thinks I want to do this, that my plan is to be just like my bloody father but he's the farthest..." He reached up, feeling color rush across his cheeks as tears spilled over. Draco hastily wiped them away, this now being twice the boy had seen him cry in a week. "The farthest from who I want to be." Draco said quietly. "Then why keep pretending?" Draco screeched out a laugh, one of frustration, anguish...one that let Harry know exactly how he felt. "How thick are you, Potter?" He cried out, using the back of the sleeve of his robe to dry his face. "I can't just stop and you know that. They will kill me." He swallowed the hard knot in his throat as he watched the boy take a few steps closer. "Stop." "I know." He admitted in a quiet voice, watching as red ringed eyes swiveled up to meet his. He knew Draco had to feel embarrassed letting him see him break down twice now. He felt his skin prickle as he took yet another step towards the blonde. "What are you going to do, hug me?" Draco spat, nose scrunching up as he watched him advance further, scent