Draco rifled through his selections of shirts, running his thumb and forefinger over the sleeve of royal blue tee-shirt before pulling it down. He then moved along to the rack of jeans, hearing the brunette making his way into their bedroom. "You need to start getting dressed, we're almost late." Harry tutted, walking into their closet, watching the blonde threading a pair of dark jeans from their hanger. He moved closer, wrapping his arms around a thin waist, resting his lips against a bare shoulder. "I was checking the post, thanks." Draco hummed softly, shying away from the boy, trying to keep them on track as he began selecting a top for Harry. "That so? Anything good?" He tossed a shirt, this one a very light green, to the brunette. Harry gave him a sly little smirk before shifting his arms into the holes of the top. He this time was the one who tutted, folding his clothing laden arms and arching an eyebrow. "It's nothing that I innitiated! Charlie sent a letter asking if we would be interested in sending him something...a little more..."He paused, adjusting his shirt before wriggling out of his pajama pants. "Racy..." "Hmm, he must be awful lonely." Draco remarked, grey eyes roaming his lover as he chose a pair of jeans. "Maybe he just likes the way we look." "That it?" He stepped into his jeans, tugging them up. "What does racy entail?" He shrugged, fumbling with the button to the dark denim. "Mmm, as far are you're comfortable photographing I suppose." Draco bit his lip. "Do you mean like...penetration?" Harry laughed. "If you want, love. I was thinking more of a you on your back, super hard as I'm stretching you all the way out." He watched pale cheeks sprout with color, a thrill dancing along his spine. "Potter." Draco muttered, cupping heated cheeks in his hands before, exiting the closet and crossing the room to the mirror that was still attached to the wall against their bed. He sat down at the edge, looking at his reflection, fluffing his hair. He smoothed his hand down his shirt, closing the closet doors, shutting the light inside off. "I love when your cheeks get red like that." Harry leaned in, giving him a slow kiss. "You know we only go as far are you're comfortable with." He grabbed the blondes hand, pulling him up. "We're going to be late." He murmured with a almost Malfoy like smirk. ... "So we have to pick only one...?" Harry muttered, toying with the hem of the tablecloth. "Yeah, we can't have a cake filled with a bunch of different flavors, can we?" Harry shrugged, feeling slightly nervous, the smell of sweets and baked goods drifting into his nose. This was one of the first, of a laundry list, of things to prepare for their wedding. "What if we can't decide on one?" Draco smoothed his hand down Harrys' back, tucking his fingers into the pocket of his jeans as the owner of the bakery approached them. "Oh, you look so nervous! You're not allergic to anything are you?" The woman was short and plump, giving off a Molly Weasley like air, her hair, dark brown and sprinkled with grey, tucked into a neat bun on the top of her head. "He's afraid we won't be able to chose only one flavor." Draco stated as she settled a long tray of cake samples in front of them. The woman simpered, giving them both a look. "Do you disagree on a lot of things?" Harry laughed, accepting the small fork she handed him. "That is an understatement. We hated each other for years. We would beat each other to death in the hallways at school." He bit his lip, looking at the blonde, affection for him bubbling up in his chest. "So no, we haven't always seen eye to eye." She chuckled, smoothing the front of her apron. "Well, it sure sounds like you've had a time getting to where you are now. Try those, and once you've hashed it out, let me know." She gave them a wink and moved towards the front of the store where a few customers had trickled in. Harry examined the pastries, before glancing at Draco once more. Draco let out a soft sigh, shifting in his seat and reaching up to cup the boy wonder's chin. "Stop." He whispered. "If anything else, we can just go with chocolate because I know that's what you like." He gave Harry a stern look as he watched his mouth open to rebutte. "Just try them. You're making this a lot harder than it has to be." Harry poked at a pink tinted slice, which looked like it might be strawberry. "Well, it's just as much your day, as it is mine and I don't want you to have something you don't like." Draco rolled his eyes, slicing a piece of the pink cake off and popping it into his mouth. "Knock it off. We could serve Puking Pastelles and I would still be happy, I'm getting married to you!" He took a drink before moving on to the next piece. "Why are you being like this?" Harry squirmed, playing idly with his fork. "Because this is another one of those things I feel inadequate at. You're better at this sort of thing, picking out what will look best. I wouldn't want to...do something wrong." "Harry!" Draco cried out, growing slightly aggravated that they were having this conversation for what seemed like the dozenth time. "Why do you keep saying that? You're not a heathen, you are not going to 'mess' this up by picking something wrong. I thought we'd been over this." He watched as pink lip was suddenly snagged between white teeth, green eyes falling to peer into his lap. Draco leaned in and kissed at his temple. "Stop. You're not doing anything wrong." He whispered, free hand snaking around to grasp at Harry's. "Don't get upset, please." He returned to the cake, taking from a piece that was swirled with vanilla and chocolate. "This is supposed to be fun, baby." Harry squirmed once more, taking a drink. "I'm sorry." "Don't be. Keep trying this cake." Draco instructed, grey eyes wandering his fiance as he dipped into the swirled one as well. "We could actually just do this kind, if all else fails...it's a little bit of both." He took a slow breath in, wishing he knew how to get this back on track. "This is the event were we get to put cake on each other faces." Harry rolled his eyes. "You think you'll be fast enough to get me?" Draco laughed. "Oh please, Potter. Don't kid yourself." He winked, giving him a haughty look as he took a sip from his cup. "Besides, we're both supposed to get each other at the same time so there is no need for me to have to show you up." "Hmmm, well where's the fun in that?" He giggled, watching the sound move through Draco as he sampled the next piece of cake on the tray. "The fun comes after." He said in a low voice. "Yeah?" Harry placed the next bite, one that was something with coconut into his mouth, watching grey eyes flash. "How so?" Draco tutted softly. "You don't know?" He teased, biting his lower lip. "You've never heard of the Honeymoon? Where we spend a week holed up in a hotel wrecking each other?" "Mmm, well that sounds to me like we've been on a Honeymoon since we started dating." Harry stated, trying another piece, vanilla. Draco shrugged, chuckling. "Yeah, I suppose you're right. But this will be like our vacation, just with a lot less beach going because I don't think I'll be able to handle being far away from my husband for too long." He took another bite, wriggling in his chair, glancing over at Harrys engagement ring. "I honestly never thought these days would come." Harry laughed softly. "You mean me deciding to actually do wedding stuff?" He bit his lip, thinking about how scared he had been to even begin the process. They had only had a few dozen altercations over it, with the brunette dissolving into tears and the blonde walking away in sheer frustration. It was taking Harry a long time to process that the boy he had called his enemy for so long, did, in fact, want to spend the rest of his life with him. Draco reached over, clasping the boys left hand, running his thumb over the band. "I really do love you, with all of me and I honestly can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you." He felt his throat start to tighten. "I can't wait to pick out stupid cakes and flowers, cocktails and the bloody colors of our ties." He bit his lip in an attempt to keep tears from welling up in his eyes. "You're so important to me, I hope you know that." "You're being a pouf, Malfoy." Harry chided, squeezing the hand clasped around his. He wriggled in his chair, seeing tears sparkling in grey eyes. "Don't cry." He whispered, swallowing down the lump that was quickly rising in his throat. "I love you, too." Harry leaned over attempting to press his lips to the blondes temple only to have Draco turn and capture his mouth in a slow, sweet kiss. "Do you just want to go with the swirl kind, then?" Draco murmured after leaving his lover breathless and pink in his cheeks. Harry laughed, tilting his head back. "You kiss me like that and then expect me to make a decision?" He eyed the half eaten choices in front of him, reaching up to squeeze at his own chin. He glanced at the blonde. "I kind of like the pink one, I think it's strawberry." "Mmm, but what will people think if we cut into a pink cake?" Draco teased, picking up his fork and sampling the pink confection once more, confirming that it was indeed, strawberry. He shrugged. "Hopefully that that pink cake looks good." Harry chuckled. "It's just cake. If they don't like it, then they don't get any." He took another bite of the cake. "More for me." "That what will happen?" He nodded, taking a sip, watching as the woman was making her way back to them. "I suppose you can put away some sweets, now that I think about it." Draco drawled, eyes raking the tiny brunette. "Have you made any calls yet?" The woman asked, giving them a warm smile. "The strawberry." Draco stated as the woman pulled a pad from her apron and sitting in a chair in front of them. She took down their choice, along with a variety of other details. ... "I'm glad we've got that out of the way." Draco murmured, grasping his hand tightly as they walked across the street. "Do you want to do some shopping while we are out?" "Hmmm, what for?" "Do we really have to have a reason?" He drawled, pulling the brunette closer as they manuvered through a throng of people. "Maybe we can look for new undies for tonight?" Harry giggled, following him into the shop when the door was held open for him. "Matching ones?" "Harry! That would be strange, wouldn't it?" Draco grabbed a basket from the stack beside the door. "I suppose you're right, then we'd never know whose was whose." He glanced over his shoulder at the blonde, giving him a flirty little smirk. "Aren't we supposed to be burning your underwear drawer anyway?" "Hmm, well I don't know about burning..but maybe we could refresh it a little, yes." Draco murmured as they moved towards the back where the pajamas, underwear and other lounge items were located. He ran his fingertips along the dark wood shelves that contained rows of rolled up underwear. "See any you like?" Harry