"Come here." Draco murmured, reaching down and lightly pinching Harrys forearm as they exited History of Magic. He gave Hermione, who was peering at them as they moved away from the door, a curt nod. "Will you be in Charms?" She asked, clutching her books to her chest, dark eyes scruitnizing the pair. Draco laughed softly, glancing at Harry, cheeks tinting with a soft pink. He returned his gaze to the girl. "I don't see why not. We can only skip it so many times." He countered, giving her a cheeky grin as she rolled her eyes. He was glad they were starting to get along, it was one thing to sway Weasley, who was gullible as he was stubborn. But gaining the witches'...was it approval?...acceptance?...tolerance?...whatever it was, would bring him one step closer to making Harry officially his. Hermione furrowed her brow. "I will be looking for you... both of you." "Yes, ma'am." Draco leered, earning a quiet giggle from Harry. He wrapped fingers gently around his upper arm, steering him in the opposite direction of the flow of students. "Where are we going?" Harry asked after a few moments of walking. He felt a thrill dance along his spine, hoping maybe they were going to find somewhere secluded to kiss. He found he rather enjoyed kissing the blonde, albeit few and far more between than he liked. Since the first night they had made a move, the one where Ron had found them in Dracos' bunk, they had only been alone together a few times, and not long enough to even consider snogging. The Adonis had been so focused on getting Harry better, stuffing him with sweets and other snacks in an attempt to help him put on the weight he so desperately needed to gain. He let a smile grace his lips as he felt that hand trailing down to clasp his as they were less surrounded by others. "Maybe I just fancy a walk with you, is that too much to ask, Harry?" Draco chided playfully, rubbing his thumb along the skin of the brunettes hand as they turned a corner, heading towards a part of the castle that had been damaged, where classes weren't held. "I can't imagine you'd want something as simple as a walk, Draco." Harry countered, squealing as a free hand darted over to pinch at him. He giggled, evading fingers as they moved further into the 'off-limits' part of the corridor. They had argued down this hallway once, in the middle of the night, Draco had removed his shirt, showing the boy the scars left from a spell he'd cast in the lavatory. Harry shivered as he recalled the sound of the Adonis' voice cracking with emotion as he broke down in front of The-Boy-Who-Lived, tears streaming down his face as the weight of his duties crushed him. "You act like you know me or something." He murmured. Sunlight streamed through the windows of the corridor, the sun just beginning its curve down to the horizon. He decided on a window sill, far enough down to allow quiet, just obstructed enough to give privacy. Draco scooped the brunette, who gasped, up onto the stone ledge, settling between his knees. "I-I know you more than you think." Harry replied. "These day's at least." "Remember when you made me take my shirt off in this corridor?" Draco said, idly drawing a pattern into the fabric of Harry's pants. He glanced up, seeing color flash in olive skinned cheeks. He nodded, the blondes' cologne drifting into his nose, a soft citrus and cardamom scent. "I distinctly remember you nearly knocking me on my arse, then me..." He dropped his voice to a soft whisper to capture the boy's attention, watching as grey eyes caught his. "Hmmm, I believe I just sort of...choked you a little, didn't I?" He smirked lightly as he watched cheeks fill with color. "Potter." He muttered, biting his lower lip and placing his hand on either side of the tiny savior. "Something like that." Draco finally admitted, giving a reciprocate smirk before leaning in and pressing their foreheads together, ghosting their lips across each other. "Oh, you just brought me down here to snog, I see." Harry lilted, searching grey eyes, giggling as a brow furrowed. Draco growled quietly. "You can't tell me you don't think about this all the time, Harry?" He whispered, brushing their lips together once more, cock leaping in his trousers at the soft whimper issued between their mouths. "All the time." Harry said in a hushed voice, heart beginning to thud dully in his ribcage. He wound his arms around Dracos neck, fingers toying with the hair at the nape. "I'm always thinking about getting to kiss you, hoping it will happen soon." He sealed their mouths in a languid kiss, learning the shape of Harry's lips once more, tongue darting out to tease against his. Draco let out a harsh breath of air, too passionate sounding for the occasion, he felt heat rise in his cheeks. "I hate that we still have to sort of sneak around." He slid hands into Harry's robes, scooting him forward slightly. "I love the way your mouth feels against mine." He dove in for a series of soft kisses, trying to keep the pace slow. Draco mewled, mouth full of Harry's tongue as he felt a leg timidly wrap around his thigh, foot resting between Dracos' thighs. He chuckled, sucking the tip of his tongue, earning a breathy whine. "Just one?" He teased, lips trailing along his jaw, stubble there tickling. "I wasn't sure I'd even get away with the first one." Harry said with a soft laugh, hooking the other leg around his thigh. "You can get away with whatever you want, Harry." Draco murmured, hands sliding under his shirt, warm flesh spurring him on. He kissed him sloppily, fingers gripping the skin as he felt Harry move closer. "Mmm, can I?" He countered, scooting nearly to the edge of the stone ledge in an attempt to close the gap between their bodies, skin prickling as Draco seemed to consume all the air around them. He sucked the boy's lower lip into his mouth, tightening almost painfully as he heard a strangled moan choke from the back of his throat. "Harry." He whispered, torn, wanting to put distance between them, yet the urge to slide that lithe, little body up against him almost impossible to deny. "Harry." He repeated, voice raspy, breathing loud as he felt the brunette keen against him. "Kiss my neck." Harry instructed quietly, leaning back slightly. "Harry, I don't..." He muttered, obeying the boy, powerless against his demands. Draco kissed along the curve his neck, giving a startled cry as he heard Harry moan against his ear. "We're going to be late to Charms, Dray." Harry lilted, flicking the tip of his tongue out to dance along the shell of a pink ear. He whimpered as lips sucked the delicate flesh on his neck. "You're right." He said with a harsh intake of air, pulling back and looking at the boy, lips red and swollen, flush creeping from cheeks to neck, just brushing around the collar of his shirt, red mark stark against the space just below his jaw. "You look perfect right now." He drug his hand down his face, feeling cheeks hot against his palm. Harry giggled low in his throat, toying with the sides of Draco's robes as the blonde glanced down at his watch. "Do I?" "You always look perfect." He murmured, heart rate finally starting to slow down. He giggled once more, tugging the robes and bringing the boy close for another soft kiss. "We have to go." Draco chided in a quiet voice, rolling his eyes when Harry pouted. "Do not pout, if we hurry we might make it just on time." He grasped his hand as he got down from the sill, leading them out into the main corridor once more. Harry bit his lower lip, slightly raw from their kissing. "That was fun." Draco laughed, glancing at the smaller boy, noting cheeks still stained with color. He was glad Harry was starting to fill out, Draco had been so nervous for the last few weeks, constantly wondering if he was going to make it. "That was, I hate that we don't get very many times together like that." "Soon." Harry murmured. "Soon we will be able to do whatever we want, right?" Draco swallowed, affection for the Boy-Who-Lived bubbling up in his throat. He led them up a staircase, fingers still wound loosely with Harrys, not particularly caring if anyone saw. "I sure hope, it's getting harder and harder to resist you." "Resist me, hmm?" Harry lilted. "You are delectable, Mr. Potter." Draco countered, giving him a wink and a devilish little smirk as they rounded the corner to Charms, seeing a few other students scrambling in. "I can't wait until we can kiss each other, wherever, whenever we want." Draco brought their hands up to his mouth, kissing the back of Harry's briefly before reluctantly separating them as they entered the classroom. "Soon." He led them to their table, Hermione already settled in, books and parchment spread across the table. "That was awful close." She chastised quietly as they moved into their seats. Harry chuckled softly, fingers dragging through ruffled locks, giving her a soft smile. "I told you we would be back in time." Draco muttered, removing things from his bag, watching as her eyes roamed the brunette, taking in his still flushed cheeks, drifting down the curve of his neck, surely seeing the bright red mark stark against the skin by ear. He felt color rising in his own face. No one knew that they had been intimate that way yet. Hermione bristled slightly, looking at the pair. "Well, I'm just glad you both kept your word for once. All this skipping you've been doing isn't going to bode well on your marks, you know." Harry scoffed, toying with the end of his quill. "We ditched once, Hermione. Besides, we spend all our time in the library!" "But are you studying in the library?" She countered, eyes lingering on the hickey for a few seconds before meeting green, watching them widen a fraction. "We've got our schoolwork out, and we sometimes turn the pages in the books on occasion." Draco muttered, watching her brows furrow. She really could be insufferable when it came to bookwork. "You never see us turn in assignments late, do you?" She rolled her eyes, accepting that as defeat before turning to face the professor. "Class is starting." Harry turned to the blonde, whose lip was snagged slightly between teeth. "Did you..?" He mouthed. He nodded slightly, feeling heat grow in his face. "It's not... that bad." "Draco!" Harry hissed, reaching up to cup the side of his neck, as though he would be able to feel the mark. He settled his elbows on the table, biting his thumb, trying to stifle a giggle. Draco leaned in after a few moments, whispering in his ear. "You are the one who just begged me to kiss your neck. What do you expect?" "I did not beg you!" Harry murmured, turning the pages of his book to the page Flitwick had instructed. "Hmm." Draco replied in a non-commital tone, pulling a scroll of parchment from his bag. "You're a prat." He chuckled low in his throat, reaching for his quill. "Class has started, Harry." .. "Come here." Draco murmured, reaching down and lightly pinching Harrys forearm as he leaned against the bar, eyes raking the tiny brunette. Harry giggled, obeying the blonde and taking a step forward, settling between his knees as Draco sat on a barstool. "Yes?" "Yes, what, boy?" Draco lilted, fingers walking up the skin of his forearm, soft grey dress shirt rolled up to the elbows. He bit his lip as another warm giggle washed over