A/N: A few readers have asked me in the last year to re-post the outtakes for this story and due to lack of time, I sadly never had the opportunity. I had a little free time today so I thought I would take the chance to do as they asked. To those who have stuck with the story as long as you have and to those who have freshly stumbled upon it, thank you so much for all of your support, encouragement and kind words. I promise this story will be finished, as soon as I can find the time to devote to it wholly. I am immensely grateful for your infinite patience and ask that you bear with me just a little longer... This outtake is in Jacob's POV (which I shifted to first-person POV as an experiment at the time) and has been re-edited slightly to reflect Jacob's character better in this story. If you haven't read the story beforehand, this may be a tad spoiler-y. Beta Note: This is unbeta'd so I apologize for any grammatical errors found. Disclaimer: Everything Twilight related belongs to Stephenie Meyer. This outtake takes place after Bella and Jacob get on the plane headed to Seattle at the end of the "Silence" chapter. JPOV I shifted a little in the seat. My ass was starting to hurt. Yeah, first class is a hell of a lot roomier than coach but I was stuck in this position. And I looked down at the reason why. Bella. My Bella. How beautiful she is. Her eyes closed and her pink lips slightly parted. Her chest moving up and down slowly in deep sleep. I leaned in and kissed her forehead for the thousandth time during our flight. There was never any gesture, never any words I could ever say to show this woman just how much I loved her. Hard to believe that this all happened in six weeks but it's real. It's there and it's real. I just know it's right. Something tells me she's starting to see it, too, but sometimes I can't be sure. Last night... Well, last night was one of the best nights of my life and yet, one of the worst. We had been so happy at Em's. The way she had run down the stairs and jumped into my arms, telling me she missed me. Fuck. I wasn't lying when I said I could have that happen for the rest of my life and die happily. She makes me happy. I smiled down at her sleeping form, kissed her forehead once more and leaned my head back again. I tried to close my eyes and get in a quick power nap but my mind was too keyed up. Everytime I closed them I'd see Bella. The Bella that scared the fuck out of me. When that piece of shit had said those things to her last night, I saw what happened. I saw her face. It had hurt her. Cut into her so deep she just shut down. And then my Bella wasn't there anymore. Instead there was an empty shell left behind, not moving, practically not breathing. I wanted to beat the shit out of him for hurting her like that but when I saw Em move in and try to talk to her and she wasn't responding, my instincts kicked in. I had to get to her, help her. Something was wrong, very wrong. I felt the urge even stronger when I saw her backing away from Em. Em, the one person besides me who she trusted implicitly. She had told me how close they were. A fact I had become grateful for this past weekend. And even when I tried to reach her, she looked at me blankly, like a damn zombie. Like she didn't know who I was. It fucking broke my heart when she wanted to leave, without me, but I ignored the pain and did what I had to do to take care of her. She's what matters. Thank God for Em. Man, if that guy wasn't on my side, I swear he and I would have fucking killed each other. He is a big guy and just as devoted to Bella as I am. If Bella told him to beat my ass, he would and not even think twice about it. But at least he got the fucking prick away from me and Bella, gave us the time we needed. I admit it, when I saw how skittish she was, how 'spooked', it made me even sadder but worse than that, it scared me. She stayed as far from me in the car as she could. And when I tried to touch her hand, just to let her know I was there, she recoiled from me. Me. Her Jake. I was so fucking scared I was going to lose her. I didn't know what to do. I thought about calling Em or, hell, even Blondie, but I didn't know if they could get through to her. I thought about Em's failed attempts and decided to just let things be and see where they went. I would get through to her. Somehow, some way, I would . I did my best to make her smile and after a while, she finally did. Once I heard her laugh, I knew my Bella was back. She was still there, buried deep underneath all of that pain. The haunted look was still in her eyes, though, but she was hugging me. As long as she wasn't shrinking away from me, as long as she was touching me, I knew it would be okay. I have to say, whatever Prickward said to her, really did a number on her. She was a lot more dependent on me, a little more clingy, than she normally would have been. I didn't mind so much. I love the girl. If she wanted to hold my hand and keep me in her bed, who was I to complain? Especially, when I had been fighting so hard to be in that position? It was my fucking dream. For once, she was depending on me, looking to me for something and not running to that fucker. I could live with that. But, I didn't have to look at her face to know that as much as she was back and with me, there was something still different, something changed. Something still sitting there, in between us, keeping us from one another, like a huge fucking wedge. And it killed me. I never really realized just how much access I had to her before all of this. I thought she had kept me at bay before, never wanting to get too involved with me at first, and then scared to admit how she really felt about me because she was convinced she couldn't be without Edward. But I was wrong. Now it was harder to get through to her. Now is where I didn't have full access to her. Suddenly, Edward wasn't the biggest threat anymore. This was. This is what's keeping me from the girl I love. I didn't know what this was but I'll be damned if it or anything else was going to come between us. And of course, Em wouldn't tell me. I asked him but he just shook his head and said it was for Bella to tell me if she wanted me to know. It wasn't for him to say. I pushed him into a wall for that one. He took it in stride, of course, apologizing left and right but standing firm in his decision. Eventually, I calmed down and let him go. He wasn't the one I was pissed at. It was stupid of me to ask. I should have known he wouldn't give it up. Bella was his number one priority, too. A role both of us took very seriously. So I brushed him off, thanked him, apologized myself, told him I'd talk to him tomorrow and went back upstairs to my girl. I stared down at Bella. This is the girl I'm meant to be with. If I believed in such crap like fate and destiny, then this girl was the one. No doubt about it. I felt it every time I kissed her, every time I touched her, hell, every time I heard her voice. I just knew. This is the woman who's meant to carry my last name. Hell, even Tom the really smart driver knew. She's meant to be with me. I just know it. And I'm gonna make sure she knows it, too. I had already called Dad and let him know I was coming for that ring. Mom's ring. Dad's not an idiot. I didn't fill him in on all the details but he knows I'm getting divorced. I think he was a little surprised when I asked him to give me the ring when I see him but he didn't say anything and would have it waiting and ready. I knew he had always wondered why I didn't give it to Ness when I asked her to marry me. But, then again, he did meet Ness at the wedding. So, he kind of had an idea why. She wasn't the type to appreciate the sentiments attached to the small band my mother had once worn, since it wasn't brand new or weighted down by a huge fucking diamond, no matter how much it meant to me so I didn't even bother. Instead, I used some of the little savings I had in conjunction with a small loan from Sam to buy her something more suited to her tastes. I scoffed in disgust. Even then it hadn't mattered... I shook my head, scattering the direction those past thoughts were going in and focused on the present. I'm not fucking stupid. I know if I ask Bella right now with how unsure she is with everything and with this on top of it, not to mention how short of a relationship we've actually had so far or the fact that she still loves that shit of a husband she has, I'm getting my ass handed to me. She'll freak and run off and I definitely will never see her again. But, I have an opportunity and I'm taking it. I was going out there, anyway. Why not kill two birds with one stone and get the ring while I'm at it? I know what my dad and Rach are gonna say when I talk to them. 'Six weeks? Are you sure? That's not a long enough time to jump into marriage, Jake.' Yep, I'm that fucking sure. I feel it everywhere. Bella is it for me and soon that prick of a husband of hers is gonna know it, too, and he'll be history. I know she's gonna pick me. I just know it. She feels it, too. She was happy last night. Just as much as I was. Until all that other shit happened, that is. And holding her in my arms last night, while she was asleep? Best fucking night of my life. Like I said, best night and worst night of my life right there. I only hope these four days will be even better. And they will be. I'll make sure of it. The blonde stewardess made her way over to me again . And of course, she shook her hips and flipped her hair, giving me that smile. I think she even lifted her skirt up a little before coming over to talk to me. Inside, I rolled my eyes at her. What an easy lay this would be had I not already met the woman of my dreams and had her snuggled into my side. Hell, I wouldn't even have to work for it with how eager this girl was. She was hot, no question about it, and her legs went on for