Folks, this is a one-shot that explores the relationship between Aragorn and Legolas in the context of the fact that Aragorn is significantly 'older' than Legolas. Zergy first proposed the topic and offered suggestions, and then Emma and Melanie weighed in with additional encouragement and advice. So this story is dedicated to Zergy , Emma, and Melanie . Vocabulary Ada —'Papa' or 'Daddy' ion-nîn —'my son' gwadur -nîn —'my brother' hannon le—'thank you' Istar—singular of Istari, 'those who know', i.e., 'wizards' mellon-nîn —'my friend' Narwain —'January' Sinda —a Sindarin Elf, such as Legolas is Fellowship It was the night before the Council of Elrond, and both Elrond and Gandalf were agreed upon its outcome. Do not think that such a grave matter would have been left to the vagaries of collective decision-making! "Now," mused Elrond, "only one matter remains to be decided. Who shall be sent with the Fellowship to represent the Elves? Glorfindel, perhaps. Of all my warriors, he is the most powerful." "This shall be the Fellowship of the Ring," Gandalf reminded him, "and not the Army of the Ring. And of all the Elves in Middle-earth, there is one best suited for a Fellowship of this sort." Elrond looked at him shrewdly. "You are thinking of Legolas?" "I am," said Gandalf firmly. "When Thranduil hears of this, he will have your beard; aye, and also the head to which it is attached!" "As to that, he will have to wait his turn!" Elrond nodded. "It shall be so. Legolas will take his place in the Fellowship of the Ring." "Long has he been a part of that Fellowship, I think," Gandalf said gravely, thinking back on another conversation, with another Elf... "He's not lording it over you, I hope you know," said the wizard. He had come up so quietly that Legolas had not heard him approach—a very unusual turn of events, you may be sure! Legolas glanced sideways at the Istar and then looked down. "I don't know what you mean, Mithrandir." "Come, come, Legolas. You excel at many of the skills useful for surviving the vicissitudes of Middle-earth, but lying is not one of them. Indeed, there are none amongst the Fair Folk who can lie convincingly. Utter an enigmatic saying, without a doubt, and tell a half truth, certainly. But an outright lie, no, I think not. So do not try to tell me that you do not know what I mean!" "Oh, very well, then," conceded Legolas, his voice petulant. "Yes, I do think he lords it over me." "You are being very unfair," Gandalf said calmly. "I am not!" protested Legolas, not realizing how young these words made him sound. "These past several days Estel has acted as if I am not worthy of his attention." "My dear boy," said Gandalf, his voice kindly, "you must understand that, as Aragorn has grown, so have his responsibilities. At the moment, they far exceed yours. Given his druthers, I am sure Aragorn would rather go riding with you than pore over dusty tomes of military lore. But does he have a choice, I ask you?" "Grown? Grown! You speak as if you forget that I am older than he!" "In calendar years, yes, but amongst his people he is a Man of middle years, while you are but a boy amongst your kin. Again I say unto you: his responsibilities far exceed yours. Consider his position, I beg of you. He comes of a royal lineage." "Do you forget," exclaimed Legolas indignantly, "that I am Prince Legolas? I am the son of King Thranduil of Northern Mirkwood, and he is the son of Oropher, who fought amongst the Elves at the Battle of the Last Alliance. My lineage is not to be mocked!" "Nay, your lineage is as noble as Aragorn's. But your positions do differ. Your father still rules and is likely to do so for many a year; thus you are not yet looked to as the leader of your folk. Not so Aragorn. He is both the King of Arnor and the King of Gondor, even if he is not yet crowned as the one nor acknowledged as the other. He has not the luxury of deferring his responsibilities. It is you who enjoy such a luxury, as well as many other perquisites that arise from being the much-loved son of a powerful king." "You speak," said Legolas resentfully, "as if I have nothing to do but spend my days playing at being a prince. Do not forget that, if I am skilled with bow and blade, I did not acquire those skills at game but in earnest. There are many Orcs who could testify to the truth of that, if they were but living!" Gandalf sighed. "Legolas, you are determined to be aggrieved. Very well, then. I shall leave you to nurse your resentment and shall instead retreat to the Hall of Fire, where the flames are considerably more cheerful than you are at the moment. But do look me up when you are in less of a high dungeon." With that Gandalf strode from the room, leaving behind a very chagrined young Elf. Legolas loved and admired the old wizard, as the Sinda had from the moment the two had met in the forest of Imladris. Now he feared lest his stubbornness would make the Istar think less of him. He shouldn't have been concerned, however. Gandalf knew that Legolas would recover from his pique and be as fond of Aragorn and as respectful of the wizard as he had ever been. "He is still so young," Gandalf was thinking to himself as he made his way to the Hall of Fire. "Amongst Men he would be considered to be in his young twenties. Let me see: when was his last birthday? Ah, yes, the thirteenth day of Narwain. Now what precisely would his age be if he were a Man? Hmmm? Ah, yes, just twenty-two in human years. Goodness, that's young! And he really looks as if he were in his late teens. If he were a Man, he'd scarce be able to grow a beard!" Occupying himself with such ruminations, Gandalf was not paying attention to where he was walking. "By the Valar!" someone exclaimed, "Are you trying to knock some sense into your head by cracking it against mine?" "Ah, my pardon, Glorfindel. I was thinking." "Thinking, eh? So it's true, then, that Men cannot walk and think at the same time?" "I beg your pardon," retorted Gandalf. "I am no Man!" "No? How came you by that beard, then?" "It comes with the costume, don't you know. I can no more dispense with it than this ridiculous pointed hat." "I certainly must agree with you in your estimation of that hat! But where are you off to, Mithrandir?" "I am on my way to the Hall of Fire." "Then you have just turned down the wrong corridor," Glorfindel observed cheerfully. "Would you like an escort to set you on the correct path?" Gandalf scowled at the insouciant balrog-slayer. "Don't you have any patrols you need to lead?" grumbled the exasperated wizard. "Actually, I was on my way to invite Legolas to join me on one." The wizard brightened. "Excellent! A good brisk ride in the bracing air should be just the thing to draw him out of his funk." "Legolas is in a funk?" "Yes, he fancies himself slighted by Aragorn." "Oh ho! Let me guess: our young prince was looking forward to riding and hunting, wrestling and racing, only to find that Aragorn spends most of his time closeted with Elrond and Erestor, poring over maps and military treatises." "Ex-act-ly." "Well, then, we must provide Legolas with an outlet for his thwarted energy, mustn't we." "Indeed we must—you must, I mean." As they had been talking, Glorfindel had steered them toward the Hall of Fire. Now they had reached that chamber, and at its door Glorfindel bade Gandalf good-day. "Rest assured, Mithrandir. I shall see that Legolas is kept occupied and has no time to sulk." "Hannon le," Gandalf replied gratefully. Glorfindel hastened to the garden, to which Legolas generally retreated when he was in need of solace. As Glorfindel had expected, he found Legolas stretched out on his back near the fountain, staring up at the clouds that scudded across the sky. "Legolas," Glorfindel called, "I am going to ride out this day. It has been long since we have ridden together, you and I, and it may be long before we have another opportunity. I hope, then, that you will deign to accompany me. I am eager to hear how you have fared since your last visit to Imladris." "I have fared very well, indeed," said Legolas with a gloominess that belied his words. "Have you not heard that I am the pampered son of a king, a prince who has no duties worth mentioning? How could I be other than happy all the live-long day?" "Glad to hear of it," replied Glorfindel cheerfully, ignoring Legolas' sarcastic tone. "Then I shall meet you at the stables. Shall I ask one of the hostlers to saddle your horse, or would you prefer to do that yourself?" "Glorfindel, when have you known me to use saddle or bridle with that horse? Must you, too, slight my abilities?" 'Mithrandir is right', Glorfindel thought to himself. 'Legolas certainly is tetchy'. Aloud he said, "Your pardon, Legolas. As I use saddle and bridle myself, it did not occur to me that I would be slighting you by implying that you do as well." Legolas accepted the apology with very ill grace, but he did arise and pace toward the stables. 'Well, that's a move in the right direction, so to speak', thought Glorfindel, relieved. 'Mithrandir was not exaggerating when he said that Legolas was out of sorts! I don't believe I've ever seen him so gloomy and quick to take offense'. Glorfindel and Legolas had no sooner departed on patrol than Aragorn wandered into the Hall of Fire. He seemed to be at loose ends, judging from his hesitant steps and his uncertain expression. Gandalf quirked an eyebrow. After Elrond, Gandalf owned the most impressive set of eyebrows in Middle-earth. While his brows lacked the mobility of Elrond's pair, their bushiness more than made up for that deficiency. "Well, Aragorn, you look lost. Odd, as you grew up in Rivendell." "After a fashion I am indeed lost, Gandalf, even though I do know where I am." "Then in what sense are you lost?" "A part of me is lost, I think." "And what part might that be?" "The part that used to be carefree. But I have done studying maps for the day, and I had hoped that Legolas would help me to recover my misplaced sense of merriment. However, it seems that no sooner do I have a free moment than Legolas is nowhere to be found. You haven't happened to see him hereabouts, have you?" "He is off on patrol with Glorfindel." Aragorn looked disappointed and chagrined. "Patrol? I should have thought that he would have wanted to spend some time in my company. I only endured those meetings because I told myself that afterward I could look forward to spending time with Legolas just as we used to when I was younger. Gandalf, I have missed Legolas almost past telling. He is so less dour than my fellow Rangers, and I can laugh in his presence. He is so—young! I wish I could be like him," he said wistfully. "But I am talking nonsense," Aragorn continued. "It was foolish of me to have thought that I would be able to pick up where I left off in my friendship with Legolas. I have grown as grim as any Ranger, and no doubt Legolas now finds my presence to be irksome." "On the contrary, he only went out on patrol to fill the time that