My stories sometimes track Tolkien's version of Middle-earth, sometimes Jackson's. I am delighted to receive any and all responses, whether reviewers are logged in or not. If you do happen to be logged in, I will use the reply feature to get back to you unless you have disabled the private messaging feature. (Please notice that the fanfiction site has changed its system so that responses to reviews go out via the private messaging feature. That is why the people who have disabled that feature have not heard back from me.) This story may incorporate incidents and/or quotations from the book and/or movie versions of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings . The chapter may also draw upon posthumous publications edited by Christopher Tolkien, such as The Silmarillion . Beta Reader: Dragonfly is the beta reader for Parallel Quest , but shorter pieces are posted without a reader. If you catch any errors, please let me know. From the first, Gandalf had had grey hair. He had arrived at Mithlond in the guise of an old Man, his face liver-spotted and lined, hair grizzled and thinning at the crown, his fingers gnarled and horny. Certainly when Legolas first met Gandalf, the Istar already had the appearance of an elder amongst Men. Legolas had been Anomen then, a timid elfling hiding in a tree and peering down upon the strange creature crouched over a campfire. 'He has got a horse's tail on his face', the young elfling had marveled. Because Legolas had never known Gandalf to be anything but an old Man, the young Elf had never been troubled by the fact that the wizard's hair was grey. It was of a piece with Gandalf's other peculiarities. Aragorn, however, should not have had grey hair. The Elf had met Estel when the human had been a toddler, and the youngling had had hair so dark as to be nearly black. Therefore, one rainy afternoon, after Legolas had not seen Aragorn for several months, the Elf was startled to see several grey hairs tucked behind the Dúnadan's ear when the Man pushed back his hood to greet him. "Wes thu hal!" cried the Man, who had lately taken up the language of Rohan. "Mae govannen," Legolas replied weakly. His friend looked at him sharply. "If you were not an Elf," the Ranger said, "I would say that you were ill. Is everything well at Rivendell?" the Man added, suddenly looking anxious. 'It is Imladris!' Legolas wanted to cry. He wished that his Estel had nothing of the Man about him. His mannish language, his Dúnadan garb, the beard upon his face—Legolas wished them gone. 'The blood of Eärendil runs in Estel's veins', the Elf thought to himself. 'Why then cannot he be like Elrond? Why must he instead follow the path of Elros?' Why, wondered Legolas, must Elros' choice dictate the fate of all who followed him? Why could not each generation choose anew? Here, of course, Legolas was ignoring the fact that many generations stood between Aragorn and Eärendil. The Ranger's elven blood was much diluted; as a matter of practicality, he could claim descent from the Eldar in name only, and this had been true of his father and his father's father before him. Legolas had understood from the first that Estel was a human—ergo 'mortal'. But before today the word had meant little to him. Until he had reached manhood, Aragorn had dressed as an Elf and spoken Sindarin. All his manners and gestures were elven. He had 'aged', yes, but as Elrohir, Elladan, and Legolas himself had aged, growing from childhood to adulthood. The Dúnadan had come near dying several times, it was true, but always in the manner of an Elf who might fall in battle. Legolas himself had more than once come close to dying in the same fashion, injured in a skirmish and nursed back to health by Elrond. Today, however, was different. Elves matured, but they never journeyed past maturity to old age. No Elf ever sported grey hair; their skin remained supple and unmarked by blemishes, and their limbs retained their strength. Now Aragorn's grey hair reminded Legolas that a Man's life followed the arc of an arrow shot into the air. From infancy a Man rose to the vigor of adulthood—and then declined into old age and death. "Legolas," Aragorn interrupted the Elf's thoughts. "Legolas, is all well at Rivendell?" "Your pardon, Aragorn," Legolas apologized. "My thoughts were elsewhere." "Indeed! Several leagues away, I should think," Aragorn said dryly. "Now you are returned, answer my question, I pray you. Is all well at Rivendell?" "The wall of Elrond's study has a crack needs plastering," Legolas said with mock seriousness, trying by means of banter to hide his distress. "The trellis that was built to replace the one you broke climbing has lately lost a slat. Birds are nesting atop the statue of Gil-galad that stands next the fountain, and Elrond refuses to let the Gardener clear the clutter until the nestlings have fledged. Oh, and Figwit has set another tapestry on fire." "Figwit should not be permitted a candle," Aragorn observed. "How many tapestries is that?" "Three. One depicting the fleet at Mithlond, another adorned with mallorn trees, and a third presented to Elrond by the King of Rohan." "I liked that last one," exclaimed Aragorn. "It had a great horse in the center, its rider clutching a banner in one hand and a lance in the other." "Fortunately that and the others were not scorched past mending." "That is good to know. But Legolas, you know very well that I was not asking after Rivendell itself but after the folk who dwell there." Legolas smiled. He knew Aragorn was concerned about one person in particular. "Arwen is well," the Elf assured the human. Aragorn, who throughout the bantering had evinced an alertness that bespoke his concern, relaxed and allowed his shoulders to slump a little. He unfastened his pack and pulled forth a pipe. Legolas groaned. "Must you fill the air with the odor of that noxious weed?" "Gandalf smokes," Aragorn pointed out as he filled the bowl. "I object to his smoking as well," Legolas retorted. "You like his smoke creatures well enough." "When I was an elfling, yes, but I have grown in wisdom." "Grown! You don't look a day older." "You do," Legolas blurted out. Aragorn put down his pipe and looked keenly at his friend. "What is troubling you, Legolas?" "These many months you have been on patrol, you haven't had a mirror, have you, Aragorn?" "No, unlike a certain Elf I might name, I do not travel with said article. I gather that something about my appearance troubles you." "You have got some grey hairs," Legolas said miserably. "Have I? They are the mark of wisdom, Legolas. Men will be the more inclined to listen to me in council." 'They are the mark of mortality', Legolas said silently. Aloud he said nothing. Aragorn continued to study him. "Legolas," he said at last, "I venture grey hairs mean something different to you than to me." The Elf could restrain himself no longer. "You are going to die, Aragorn!" "True," Aragorn replied calmly, "and of old age if I am fortunate." "Fortunate! How fortunate?" "Would you rather that I die in battle and so enjoy a lesser span of years?" "I should rather that you not die at all!" "A Man cannot evade death." "I wish you were free to make the choice of Elros and Elrond—and that you would follow in the path of Elrond." "I may still choose." "What choice remains to you?" Legolas said morosely. "To live well so that I may die well. When I was a youth, Gandalf once said to me, 'All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us'. I know that my life will have an end, so I must use my time well. Indeed, I must do better than an Elf in that regard, for I will not have an eternity to make amend for any lapses on my part!" Aragorn's latter words, an attempt to rally Legolas, failed to have the desired effect, for Legolas still looked miserable. Aragorn tried again. "It is the way of Men, Legolas. I was with a band of Rohirrim upon a time. We were surrounded by rogues and renegades—Easterlings, Southrons, Dunlendings. Yet our chieftain did not quail. 'If this is to be our end, then I would have us make such an end as to be worthy of remembrance', he proclaimed. It is the manner in which a Man comports himself in life that makes the prospect of death bearable." "But are you not afraid?" "Afraid of death? I could ask the same question of you. You enter into battle knowing full well that you may be slain. Are you not afraid of death, Legolas?" Legolas considered. "I am not afraid of death," he said slowly. "I will own, however, that I am afraid of dying." "I suspect I know what you mean by that distinction," Aragorn nodded, "but I should like to hear your account." "I have seen folk die in battle, friend and foe alike, and I shall never forget their cries. 'Nana' the Elves cry; 'Mama' shriek the Men. It is all the same: horror and pain. I dread the prospect of the act of dying. As to death itself, I cannot fear it. Perhaps I shall cease to be and so shall not know that I am dead. Or death may be as the legends say: a place where we shall dwell with those who have departed before us." "I remember," mused Aragorn, "that Gandalf once described a place where folk might dwell after death." "Tell me about it," Legolas said quickly. As Aragorn had, he suspected he knew the tale, but he likewise desired to hear it told by his friend. "Gandalf said," recited Aragorn, "that 'death is just another path, one that we all must take. The grey curtain of this world rolls back and all turns to silvered glass. And then you see it'." "What, Aragorn? See what?" Legolas said eagerly. "White shores, and beyond, a far green country under a swift sunrise." Legolas sighed and closed his eyes for a moment, allowing his mind to fill with images of a strand shimmering white in the sun, with trees standing tall and green just beyond, offering fruit and shade. It seemed to him that he saw in the white sand two pairs of footsteps that marked the path of two folk who had walked side by side. One pair of footsteps was smaller than the other. Was this the path of Aragorn and Arwen? When the Elf opened his eyes, Aragorn was smiling at him. "Your opinion of the prospect, Master Elf?" said the Man. "I suppose it would not be so dreadful," Legolas conceded. "Although," he added, "we have no assurance that what Gandalf has said is true!" Aragorn shrugged. "If it is not true, then I shall not know it." "You are forgetting those you will leave behind," Legolas chided him. " I shall know that you are not with me." Aragorn extended his hand and touched a forefinger to Legolas's temple. "I'll be right here," he said. He lowered his hand and touched Legolas's breast. "I'll be right here," he repeated. Legolas sighed again. Estel's promise would have to do. Like all Elves, the Sinda had been brought up to understand that virtue consists in a will which is in agreement with Nature. That is, one must maintain inner calm and self-control in the face of circumstances which one could not control. He could not change the fact of Aragorn's mortality; he was free to chose how to react to that fact, however, and a wise individual would not choose to make himself unhappy over something that he could not control. Night