This site will be the location for holiday-themed stories. I will move over the appropriate chapters from "Elfling Interludes" as the various holidays approach, and new holiday-themed chapters will be posted here. Vocabulary Ælf gyfte—Elf-gift (Old English) Askasleikir —Bowl-Licker (Icelandic) Bjúgnakrækir —Sausage-Snatcher (Icelandic) Gáttaþefur —Door-Sniffer (Icelandic) Giljagaur —Gully Imp (Icelandic) Girithron—December (Sindarin) Gluggagægir —Window-Peeper (Icelandic) Hurðaskellir —Door-Slammer (Icelandic) Idhrendí—Thoughtful Lady (Sindarin) jól —Yule ( name of pagan midwinter festival; derived from Old Norse name for the month ýlir) Jólakötturinn—Yule cat (Icelandic) jólasveinar—Yule lads (Icelandic) Kertasníkir —Candle-Beggar (Icelandic) Ketkrókur —Meat-Hook (Icelandic) Laufabrauð—leaf bread (Icelandic) Pottaskefill —Pot-Scraper (Icelandic) Saer—Bitter (Sindarin) Skyrgámur —Curd-Gobbler (Icelandic) Stekkjastaur —Sheepfold Sneak (Icelandic) Stúfur —Stubby (Icelandic) Thavron—Carpenter (Sindarin) Þvörusleikir —Ladle-Licker (Icelandic) Chapter 1: Elf-Gift "The perfect size," exclaimed Arwen. "The perfect size!" Glorfindel echoed in disbelief. "Arwen, we shall have to go back and fetch an entire team of horses to drag this home!" "The perfect size," Arwen repeated stubbornly. Anomen tried next. "Arwen," he wheedled, "the jól log must fit into the fireplace of the Hall of Fire." "The main fireplace of the Hall of Fire," Arwen corrected. "'Tis a big fireplace." "Not big enough for this trunk," returned Anomen. "We could cut it down to size," argued the little elleth. "Arwen," Anomen explained patiently, "It is not fair to ask the horses to drag unnecessary weight. Nor is it fair to us—for I do not believe that you shall be the one sawing this log to fit the fireplace! Why not choose a log that is already the right size? Remember," he added slyly, "that we still need to pick out just the right tree—aye, and trim it, too. The longer we spend over the jól log, the less time you will be able to spend on hanging ornaments." This argument had the desired effect. "Oh," exclaimed Arwen, "I think I see a nicer log over there!" She floundered through the snow toward the other side of the clearing until Glorfindel scooped her up and lifted her onto his shoulders. With a few great strides, he stood by the side of a log that several months before had been hewn from a windfall tree and left to dry. Arwen's first choice had been an entire tree trunk that had fallen only recently and so had not yet been sawn into manageable pieces. "An excellent choice," Glorfindel said approvingly. "Not only is it the right size, but it is seasoned enough to burn cleanly, with little smoke." With his feet he pressed down a patch of snow and set Arwen down upon the cleared spot before setting off for the place where they had left Glorfindel's horse and Anomen and Arwen's ponies. "Anomen," Arwen said after the elf-lord was out of sight, "let us gather mistletoe." "I think we have quite enough mistletoe," smiled Anomen. "It is hanging everywhere. Elrohir made sure of that, for he vowed to festoon every spot under which an elf-maiden might pass." "Yes, he means to kiss them all," Arwen giggled, "but he has missed a spot. There is no mistletoe hanging before the door to Erestor's chamber." "I don't see why there should be. Erestor avows that he wants nothing to do with the jól festivities." "He says that every year," Arwen replied, "but he spends more time than anyone supervising the preparations." "He spends more time than anyone supervising no matter what the occasion," Anomen retorted. "He revels in supervising, but does not revel in the revels!" "He will this season," Arwen replied confidently. "Oh, and are you a prophetess?" teased Anomen. "Someday I may be," Arwen replied serenely, "for my grandmother is Galadriel. But it takes no seer to know that mistletoe ought to hung before Erestor's chamber. Haven't you noticed how fond he is of Haldir's sister?" In fact, Anomen had noticed. Haldir's sister had been sent to study in Rivendell for a time, for she was exceedingly bright and had grown restive in Lothlórien. "There are not books enough in Lórien to satisfy her curiosity," Galadriel had written. "Erestor's library, on the other hand, is famous, and I am sure it contains volumes sufficient to keep her occupied for quite some time." Erestor had gladly accepted her as a pupil, for she was dedicated to her studies, as could not be said of any of the elflings—no not even of Anomen, who, while diligent, would still rather have spent his time on riding or archery. Like Elrohir and Elladan, Anomen would complete his required exercises and then escape to the training field, there to practice with sword and bow under the eye of Glorfindel, who, if strict, nonetheless oversaw the elflings' preferred activities. Meanwhile, Haldir's sister—Idhrendí was her name—remained in the study, poring over books and discussing them with Erestor. The tutor would ensconce himself in one of the seats abandoned by the elflings, and he and Idhrendí would sit with heads close together, reading as one from the same volume. This was not Elrohir's idea of a romantic interlude, nor even Elladan's or Anomen's, but Erestor always emerged from the study with flushed cheeks and a lively step. 'Erestor cannot help but kiss Idhrendí if they come together beneath a sprig of mistletoe', Anomen smiled to himself. 'He would pretend to object at the custom, but I do believe he would be delighted at the opportunity'. Aloud, he said, 'Very well, Arwen. I believe close to this spot is a juniper tree lapped in mistletoe. Let us go seek it out." Anomen took Arwen's hand, and off they set. He knew Glorfindel would not be troubled that they did not remain in the clearing, for the elf-lord would be able to easily follow their trail in the snow, especially as the sky was clear and did not threaten further snow that might obscure their tracks. In short order they arrived at the juniper tree, which nature seemed to have decorated for the jól festival, festooning it with garlands of mistletoe. These mistletoe vines were laden with waxy white berries, the mistletoe almost unique among plants for bearing its fruit at the time of the winter solstice. As the two elflings neared the juniper, birds flew out, and Anomen called out an apology, for he perceived that the birds must have been feeding upon the mistletoe berries. He knew, however, that their task would not take long, and that the birds would immediately return once the elflings had departed. Indeed, he could hear the birds twittering and rustling in the scrub nearby. Arwen picked out the sprigs she liked best, and Anomen drew his knife and carefully cut the stems and slipped the leaves into his pouch. Then he took Arwen's hand and prepared to return to the clearing. She pulled back, however. "Arwen," Anomen began, "we must rejoin Glor—" "Hush," she commanded. "Don't you hear it?" Anomen listened carefully, and above the noise of the twittering birds he heard a plodding sound. "A horse," said Arwen. "Someone is riding a horse in the forest, and it is not one of ours." "It is not a horse, Arwen, but something very like a horse. It is donkey. Men keep them and sometimes breed them with horses. They are very sturdy and are often used as pack animals." "Pack animals? Perhaps it is a trader, then." Anomen shook his head. "So close to the jól festival? Men and Elves alike return to their families to celebrate at this time. 'Tis a poor season to travel but an excellent time to gather round the fire with one's friends and kinfolk." "You don't suppose it is"—and here Arwen lowered her voice—"an enemy." "I do not know, but I will find out. Arwen, hide beneath the boughs of that juniper tree." Arwen obeyed at once, and Anomen was grateful for the mistletoe, for the cascading vines were like a curtain around the base of the tree. He paused long enough to obscure her footprints with his own and then crept in the direction of the snow-muffled hoof-falls of the plodding animal. Peering out from a thicket, he spied the donkey. Upon it sat a pregnant woman. Swaying wearily, she rode with her head down, and the eyes of the equally weary Man who led the donkey were cast down upon the snow beneath his feet. As Anomen watched, the woman shivered and drew her cloak more tightly about her shoulders. The Man sensed that something was amiss. He stopped and raised his head. "You are cold. You must take my cloak." The woman shook her head. "You are cold, too." "I am only one must fend off the chill, but you must stay warm not only for yourself but for the child." "It will do neither me nor the child any good if you perish," the woman replied. Anomen could stay quiet no longer. "I have got a cloak," he called. The Man held a staff in one hand. He dropped the donkey's leading rein and grasped the staff in both hands, brandishing it. "Who are you?" he called warily. Anomen sensed that the Man was no threat but merely wished to keep the woman from harm. He stepped from the thicket. "I am Anomen," he said forthrightly. "I live near here. I am an Elf and am of an age when I begin to suffer less from the cold. You humans, though, are not well-equipped for a winter journey. Moreover, it will be very cold tonight, for there is no cloud cover, and you are far from any inn. May I offer you aid?" The Man slowly lowered his staff. "'It wouldn't matter if we were near an inn," he said sadly, "for there is no room for the likes of us. We carry no money and little in the way of valuables. We cannot pay you for your aid." "I didn't ask to be paid," Anomen replied calmly. "'Tis the season of jól, the season of gift-giving. I offer my aid freely, with no expectation of payment." "Thirteen days of gift-giving," a little voice piped up. It was Arwen. She had heard the exchange and had come out of hiding. "Thirteen days of gift-giving," she repeated happily. "Each day one of the jólasveinar will visit." Thus far the woman, her weary face creased with fear, had said nothing, but now she smiled a little and straightened her back. "Jólasveinar," she said softly. "The Yule lads. I have not thought of those mischievous wights in a very long time." "First comes Stekkjastaur the Sheepfold Sneak, who troubles the sheep," Arwen began to recite, "and then comes Giljagaur the Gully Imp, who hides in ravines during the day and creeps out at night to steal milk. He is followed by Stúfur the Stubby and Þvörusleikir the Ladle-Licker." The woman laughed outright. "Yes, and then Stúfur's friends Pottaskefill the Pot-Scraper and Askasleikir the Bowl-Licker." Arwen and the woman exchanged smiles. "I am quite certain that last year I heard Hurðaskellir the Door-Slammer," the elleth told the human confidingly. "I was afraid to get out of my bed, though. And I left out a bowl of cheese curds for Skyrgámur the Curd-Gobbler, and it was empty the next morning!" "My folk used to leave out sausage for Bjúgnakrækir the Sausage-Snatcher," smiled the woman. "It has been long since we had the sausage to spare," she added softly, rubbing her hand over her belly. Then she rallied, smiling once more. "I was not so afraid of Hurðaskellir the Door-Slammer," she told Arwen, "but of Gluggagægir the Window-Peeper, who would try to steal whatever he could spy through the window. I always hid my toys on the day that he would arrive. I was also not fond of Gáttaþefur the Door-Sniffer, for he always managed to smell out our laufabrauð, our leaf bread. I didn't mind sharing our sausages with Bjúgnakrækir, for we ate them the year-round, but I was not so generous when it came to laufabrauð, for it was very tasty and we