Hello, folks. I have decided to do something really cheeky. I'm going to retell a substantial portion of the LOTR from Legolas' point of view. This is the first chapter of what is going to be a looooong story. This should be considered part of 'The Nameless One' series because there will be references to characters like Tathar and Edwen Nana, plus the relationship between Legolas and both Aragorn and Gandalf will reflect the situation in 'The Nameless One', where Legolas has long known the two. I didn't send this to Dragonfly for a beta reading because I have been off an entire month and am just desperate to post something now ! Sometimes I can be as impatient as a child. So here goes. Acknowledgement: Contains quotations from LOTR, both book & movie versions. Chapter 1: So It Begins Tathar gazed disapprovingly at Legolas. He thought the exuberant Prince wanted reining in. "Your father is going to be very unhappy," he warned the Prince. "I know," Legolas replied cheerfully, "but I won't let that affect me." "How could it affect you?" Tathar retorted. "You will be leagues away by the time he finds out about this latest escapade of yours. Now I , on the other hand, will be the one to break the news to him." "Which you will no doubt do with your usual cleverness," said Legolas airily. "Anyway, Edwen Nana will intercede if Ada grows too indignant." "You might be a little more solemn," said Tathar reprovingly. "This is a grave business." "Of course it is—that is why I am going on this quest in the first place!" "Seriously, Legolas." "I am being serious, Tathar. Aragorn and Mithrandir are going to need my skills—particularly since they are saddled with that wretched Dwarf." "Legolas!" "Very well. I shall be quite serious. Tathar, we Elves owe much to Mithrandir, for he has been working on our behalf for many a year. As for Aragorn, I consider him a kinsman. The minute he pledged his sword to the Ringbearer, I knew that I must pledge my bow." Legolas broke into a grin. "It is a pity the Dwarf then felt obliged to pledge his axe. Had a nice ring to it, of course, but now I will be forced to get along with him for the Valar know how long!" Tathar tried to raise his eyebrows after the fashion of Elrond but gave up after a minute and settled on rolling his eyes. "Someday," he warned, "you may find yourself very grateful for the presence of that axe." "I do not see how," Legolas scoffed, "except insofar as it will keep us well supplied with firewood." "You know that his ax has hewn more than firewood," objected Tathar. "Oh, very well," conceded Legolas grudgingly. "I suppose we can rely upon the Dwarf to deprive any Orc we meet of its toes. Perhaps, at a stretch, he will be able to cut a few off at the knees." "Legolas, I have heard it said that the Naugrim are doughty warriors." "And I have heard it said that a single dragon can send a whole pack of them running." "That's not fair, Legolas. A single dragon can send a whole pack of Elves running, too. The only reasons Elves have suffered less from the depredations of dragons is that the worms would rather amass gold than collect songs." Legolas knew this to be true, but he was saved the trouble of a reply by the arrival of Erestor. "You are wanted in Elrond's chamber, Legolas. Plans are being laid, and Mithrandir wishes to draw upon your familiarity with the Misty Mountains." Legolas nodded at Tathar and strode after Erestor. Left to his own devices, Tathar began to sort through Legolas' kit, for Legolas would be traveling even lighter than usual. As Tathar separated the necessary from the superfluous, he mused upon the events of the past weeks. The Elves of Mirkwood had been guarding the creature Gollum for several months. Tathar remembered well that mortal's arrival, for he had been present in the Great Hall when Aragorn had delivered him into their hands. Grim-faced and weary, the Ranger had entered the chamber driving the cowering creature before him. His hands covered with bite marks, his face scored with scratches, the Dúnadan had been grateful when Thranduil's Elves had dragged Gollum off. The dungeon beneath the Great Hall had not been used since the last century, when it had briefly held a party of thirteen Dwarves. Now Gollum was cast into a cell, and Gandalf came to question him. The creature's shrieks reverberated throughout the Hall, and Elves had gathered in anxious knots. "I never thought the wizard had it within him to be so cruel," said one, shuddering at the sound of a horrendous shriek. "Nor did I," replied another. "He must be crueler than an Orc, even, to make that creature howl so." Overhearing them, Tathar spoke up indignantly. "I have taken my turn as guard outside the creature's cell, and I can assure you that Mithrandir treats him only as harshly as needful. The wizard does not torment the creature for his own amusement, as an Orc would!" "Then why does the creature howl so dreadfully?" "It is the creature's way. He doesn't speak properly. He yowls or wails or shrieks when he has a mind to be noisy, or snivels or whines when he is in a calmer frame of mind." "Well, then, I wish Mithrandir wouldn't provoke him past calmness. If he were only sniveling or whining, we wouldn't hear him throughout the Hall. Folk could get some sleep!" "The creature has valuable information, and Mithrandir must worm it out of him somehow. But, really, he hasn't done much worse than threaten. The creature is mortally afraid of fire, and I grant you that Mithrandir has had to make him uncomfortably warm, but he hasn't actually singed so much as a hair on his head." "Lucky, too," rejoined the other Elf, "as the creature hasn't any locks to spare." This was true. The creature presented a most pitiful appearance. His hair was scanty, his body skinny, and his skin scarred by the marks of whips and other signs of ill usage. Altogether, he was so withered and scrawny that he hardly looked threatening. Perhaps this is why the Elves were not as vigilant with Gollum as they should have been when, after forcing from the creature as much information as he thought he was likely to get without actually racking him, Gandalf left him in their care. The wizard had warned them that Gollum was more dangerous than he looked, but the Elves found it impossible to give credence to his words. Oddly, it was only Edwen Nana who argued that they should hold Gollum under the strictness of conditions. Generally she was the first to show kindness to the sick and unfortunate, but something Gandalf had told her about the creature must have turned her against it. "You should keep it in its cell," she worried to Thranduil. "I am sure no good will come of allowing it outside." Thranduil, however, brushed off her warning. Since recovering his son, he had grown indulgent toward those in his charge—except in the case of Legolas himself, of course! His anxious love for his son sometimes led him to restrict the Prince's movement in a manner that Legolas found frustrating. Would that the King had taken such pains with Gollum! Howsoever, he did not, and each day the creature was allowed to take the air in the branches of a solitary tree, its base guarded by a handful of Elves. So nonchalant did Thranduil grow that he sometimes permitted Legolas to be numbered amongst the warders. Indeed, Legolas had but lately left Gollum's guards and returned to the Great Hall when the blow fell. When the news of Gollum's escape had first arrived at the Hall, Legolas had not understood the seriousness of the matter. Instead, he looked upon the incident as an opportunity to briefly escape from Mirkwood, where his father had confined him since he had been injured on his last journey, one that had taken him all the way to the Grey Havens and back. Eagerly the Prince volunteered to carry to Rivendell the news of the creature's escape. But as Legolas learned more of the attack that had enabled Gollum to give his guards the slip, his mood altered rapidly. Many were the guards who had died in the attack. Many were those whom Legolas had numbered amongst his friends. These were young Elves of his age, cruelly cut down by the Orcs who had surged from the forest, their approach mysteriously cloaked by some force that the Elves did not understand. So it was that during the entire journey from Mirkwood to Rivendell, Legolas had not smiled even once, so great was his grief. Moreover, in addition to his sorrow, Legolas was burdened with shame. The young Elf's mind returned again and again to the distress that would be visited upon Gandalf when the agéd wizard learned that the creature he had sought so desperately had escaped from the keeping of the Elves. He also dreaded telling Aragorn that the Elves had failed to safeguard the creature that had cost him so much in time and blood. Watching the Prince, Tathar felt anxious. He had never seen Legolas so grim, no, not even when the Prince had had disagreements with his father Thranduil. Indeed, when Prince and King quarreled, Tathar was always reassured by the fury evinced by the younger Elf. 'Legolas is in fine fettle', Tathar would say to himself, 'if he can speak with such vehemence. His spirit at least is not broken!' But now Legolas rode silently, as he had from the very start of their journey. Their way would take them through Lothlórien, and Tathar hoped that Legolas' spirits would be lifted in that place of refuge. Tathar was delighted when, upon their arrival, they were greeted by Haldir, Rúmil, and Orophin. He had feared that the brothers would be absent, patrolling the borders. But there they were, rushing to embrace Legolas as of old. To Tathar's distress, however, the Prince gave the three brothers the most perfunctory of replies and turned away as if he found their enthusiasm unbearable. Undeterred, the brothers loitered about the talan of the Lord Celeborn and the Lady Galadriel, where Legolas went to take counsel. When the Prince descended silently, his spirits not mended by the words of his elders, the brothers trailed anxiously after him, trying to engage him in conversation. He could not avoid answering when they addressed him directly, but they could not draw him out or make him laugh. At last, in desperation, Orophin deliberately fell from a tree, but not even that prank wrested a smile from Legolas. "He's as stodgy as you, Haldir," Orophin complained as he picked a leaf from his braid. "You must be patient with him," said Galadriel from behind. Orophin colored. He turned, bowing low to cover his embarrassment. He had not realized that Galadriel had seen him take his header. "It was a great shock to Legolas, this attack upon Mirkwood," Galadriel continued. "You and your brothers must know that several of his friends were slain. He had been taking his turn guarding the creature. His friends arrived, and he chatted gaily with them before returning to the Hall. Shortly thereafter word came to the Hall of the attack. At first he did not comprehend the seriousness of the situation, but when he returned to scene, he found the bodies of his comrades hewn cruelly where they lay at the base of the tree in which the creature had taken shelter. But there is more to his grief than even that, for Legolas feels that he and his kin have failed Mithrandir, and Estel as well." The brothers bowed their heads. "His sorrow