Folks, I just received a nudge-note from Inuyashaloverfan reminding me that I need to update "Things Fall Apart." I swear I will get a chapter to Dragonfly , the story's Beta Reader, by this weekend. It's just that these darn elfling stories keep popping into my brain. I need some sort of 'Whack-An-Elfling' Game where I stand, mallet in hand, ready to whack any elfling who pops up. The Wizard's Wand Gandalf was weary of sheltering under hedgerows and in thickets. "I believe I will press on to Rivendell," he muttered as the sun began its descent into the west. "I would rather walk throughout the night than spend another uncomfortable evening shivering in my bedroll as the dew condenses upon my beard. The moon is in its last quarter, but it will do to light my way." And so the wizard trudged on long after the sun had set. He made excellent time, but there is one drawback to journeying in the dark. That is when the Trolls come out, and even this near to Imladris there was always a possibility of encountering one of those marauders. Perhaps Gandalf had forgotten this fact in his eagerness to arrive at Rivendell. Sure enough, Gandalf was hurrying past a particularly darksome stand of trees when out leaped one of those creatures. Of course, when I say 'leap', you must take into account that this was a Troll. It was, therefore, a lumbering leap, if you can visualize the maneuver. Gandalf had no time to draw his sword, but he swung his staff at his assailant and smacked him soundly upon the head. As he did so, he heard two cracks. At the first, the Troll slumped to the ground. At the second, Gandalf stared anxiously at a thin line left behind in his staff. As he watched with dismay, the top of his staff wobbled and then listed to one side. Slowly it fell over, remaining attached to the bottom portion by only a tiny fragment of splintered wood. "Oh, bother," the wizard muttered. "Now I've gone and done it again." On this journey, Gandalf's staff had been growing shorter and shorter with each successive day. First a ruffian had taken a swing at Gandalf with a sword. He'd missed the wizard but had succeeded in chopping off the top third of the staff. After dispensing with the ruffian with the best charm he could manage under the circumstances—a lace-untying spell that caused the Man to trip and fall flat upon his face—Gandalf had whittled the top anew, muttered an incantation to restore the staff's power, and gone on his way. Next, a warg had charged out from a thicket. Gandalf had thrust his staff at the beast, which had seized it in its mouth and succeeded in gnawing a good foot from it before Gandalf managed to slay the wretched creature with his sword. After wiping the warg drool from the staff, Gandalf had again repaired its top and renewed the incantation. Now, as a result of this latest encounter with the Troll, little more than a foot of staff remained. The wizard shrugged resignedly. He moved a safe distance on past the unconscious Troll and then sat himself upon a stump, pulled out his blade, and whittled anew upon the remnants of his staff. At length, satisfied, he recited the spell to renew its strength and then arose and strode on. An hour later, the sun was arising in the east as he descended into the valley of Imladris. The Door Warden allowed him to enter the Hall without hindrance, for the wizard was well known thereabouts, and, whistling cheerfully, he made for the dining room, where Elrond and his household were sure to be assembling for breakfast. "Mae govannen," Elrond greeted the wizard. Then the elf-lord caught sight of the stick that Gandalf clutched in his hand. "Pray tell, what is that?" he asked. "This?" replied Gandalf casually. "Why, this is the next best thing. Someday all wizards will carry one." "Yes, but what is it?" "It's a, it's a, well, it's a wand , don't you know." "No, I don't know." "Surely you have noticed," Gandalf explained with an air of patience, "how awkward a staff can be. It is a deuced nuisance when you are trying to climb up a sheer cliff face, and it is hard to maneuver with when you are in a tight spot. Now, a wand on the other hand, rarely exceeds a foot in length. It is small, light, easily concealable—in short, it is just the thing for a wizard on the go. In the future, I think you shall find that it will be universally adopted in place of the staff. Why, I prophesy with utter confidence that someday there will be shops lined with shelves filled with these handy instruments—boxes and boxes of them, Elrond, all different, and each one waiting for the hand of that one especial wizard." "In other words," said Elrond bluntly, "you have broken your staff again." "Well, yes, Elrond, but, as you see, I have made do with the remnants. Fortunately, in a situation such as this, size doesn't matter." "I am glad to hear it," said Elrond dryly. "Tell me: is a wand of much use as you labor over broken ground?" "No, it is not," admitted Gandalf. "I must confess that a staff is much more helpful in that regard." "And can you use a staff to crack the head of an Orc should you be thrust into battle in close quarters?" "No, I suppose not," conceded Gandalf, who now looked a little sheepish. "Will a wand look as impressive as a staff when you needs must gesture with it?" "I suppose I shall have to allow as how some folk might laugh if I suddenly whipped out a little wand instead of prodigious great staff." "Indeed they would, Mithrandir! Perhaps it is true that sometime in the future wizards will rely upon wands, but then a great many things may change as Middle-earth grows older. For now, I suggest you continue to rely upon a staff. In some things, the old ways are best." "Yes, I suppose you are right. After breakfast I shall go into the forest and hunt up the right sort of wood so that I may fashion myself a new one." Gandalf kept his resolution. After breakfast he carefully searched the forest until he found a piece of wood of the right length, reasonably straight, and with the sort of tangled knot of roots that Gandalf preferred to use as a sort of headpiece for his staves. He carried it back to the Carpenter's shop and carefully smoothed it so it would not chafe or splinter his hands. At length, satisfied, he uttered the spell that turned it into a staff suitable for channeling the power of a wizard. "Now where is that wand," he muttered when he was finished. "I should dispose of it so it doesn't fall into mischievous hands." He looked all about the wood shop, both on and under the work benches, but he could not find it. "Well," he said at last, "I probably dropped it in the forest. I can't completely remove its power without holding it in my hand, but I shall just do what I can so that it won't answer properly to anyone who tries to make use of it." He raised his staff and muttered an incantation directed at the missing wand. Meanwhile, in the Armory, two elflings stared big-eyed at a third one, who brandished a stick that looked remarkably like Gandalf's missing wand. "I should never have been able to spirit away Mithrandir's staff," boasted Elrohir, "for it is much too large. But I slipped the wand into my tunic and strolled away without him ever noticing." "You must return it," said Elladan nervously. "We are going to get into ever so much trouble!" "Yes," agreed Anomen, equally apprehensive. "This will redound upon us, Elrohir." "Nonsense," scoffed Elrohir. "Mithrandir's got a staff now. He's not going to care about a wand that he was only going to cast aside anyway." He looked eagerly around the room. "Now what sort of spell should we try," he murmured. His eye fell upon a pile of arrow shafts awaiting their feathers. "I know! Those arrows we are supposed to fletch—it would be grand if the task could be accomplished without any trouble on our part. Then we could go swimming!" "It wouldn't be very much trouble on our part," suggested Elladan, "if we buckled down and each did our proper share." Elrohir ignored him. He pointed the wand at the pile of feathers next to the stack of arrows. "Revio!" he commanded. "Fly!" For a moment nothing happened. "Saes?" added Elrohir. "Please?" The feathers began to flutter back and forth and suddenly, as if they had been captured by a breeze, they were floating upon the air. In spite of their nervousness, Elladan and Anomen could not help but feel awe at the sight. Elrohir smirked. "Gwedhi!" he proclaimed. "Bind!" One by one the feathers skimmed the top of the glue pot and then affixed themselves to the arrow shafts. "Revio!" Elrohir again commanded. He intended for the arrows to put themselves away. As one, the stack of arrow arose into the air. Elrohir grinned. His triumph, however, soon turned to consternation. The arrows began to dart wildly about the chamber. Anomen ducked as one flew toward him. Elladan yelped and leaped up onto a stool as an arrow shot between his legs. Then he scrambled under a work bench as the arrow turned and headed for him again. "Daro! daro!" Elrohir screamed in a panic. "Ai! saes, daro!" The arrows did indeed intend to stop—once they had found a target that is, for a target is of course the ultimate destination of an arrow. Thus, the more Elrohir shouted 'Stop!' the faster the missiles flew round the room. Elladan had by now leaped into a barrel and pulled its cover after him. Four arrows hit the top—thwack! thwack! thwack! thwack!—and the fletched ends flailed about as the shafts tried to burrow through the cover. Fortunately, the barrel and its cover were crafted from the sturdiest of oak, and the arrow points could make no headway. Un fortunately, however, there was pitch in the bottom of the barrel, and Elladan crouched miserably in the mess as it seeped its way through his leggings. He knew he would lose a layer of skin scrubbing the pitch from his body, and some of those layers would be located at particularly sensitive anatomical points. Anomen, meanwhile, had burrowed under a pile of shields. Thwang! thwang! thwang! The shields vibrated like bells as arrows repeatedly flung themselves against them. Underneath the armor, Anomen was dazed, his head ringing from the noise. As for Elrohir, he was running frantically around and around the chamber, arrows on his tail—literally of course. "Ow! ow! ow!" he shrieked as first one and then another arrow grazed his bottom. Fortunately, the arrows did not consider an elfling's tail to be a sufficiently dignified target, so Elrohir was not hurt nearly as badly as he could have been. Luckily for Elrohir, and the two other elflings as well, Gandalf, new staff in hand, had decided to go for a stroll. As he neared the Armory, he heard the screams of the elflings. Alarmed, he hastened toward the building, wondering the while what foe had invaded Rivendell. He burst through the door, and the arrows turned and headed toward this new target. Gandalf ducked, and the arrows flew out the door—all save one that tore into his hat, remaining stuck there. A flock of geese was passing by just then, and the remaining arrows shot toward them. For a few minutes it rained geese, and then it was over—all save the plucking, of course. Gandalf turned from the door