This is another talein the Nameless One series, since it is about Anomen in the days before his identity as Legolas is finally revealed. Some readers have requested additional elfling tales in the series, and this is such a tale. Also, several readers have asked for more scenes featuring both Anomen and Glorfindel. This tale does not center upon their relationship, but it does contain some interaction between the two. About the title: 'Berg' is the German word for mountain, so that fits the Goldberg portion of the title, and there will be a second chapter, so that fits the Variations portion. The reason for the 'gold' in the title will be obvious, and the whole title is a pun upon a musical title, which I will leave you to discover. For the Sindarin numbers, I follow Ryszard Derdzinski's Summary of the Sindarin Grammar Beta Reader: Since this story will consist of two chapters only, I have not asked my beta reader to weigh in, as I do not like to burden her with anything beyond Parallel Quest, for which she has already reviewed thirty-seven chapters! If anyone sees a mistake, please alert me. Arwen stood on the bridge staring at the forest into which her father had disappeared, riding south, toward a rendezvous with a delegation of Dunlendings who had sued for an end to the hostilities that had existed ever since a band of Men had attacked an elven pack train, injuring several Elves and stealing a dozen horses. He would be gone, he had told her, for a fortnight. 'Fourteen days,' she thought miserably. 'That's more days than I have fingers'. She held up both hands, fingers splayed, and regarded them. 'Min, tâd, nêl, canad, leben', she counted to herself. One, two, three, four, five. 'Eneg, odog, tolodh, neder, pae', she continued. "That's ten," she said aloud. Then she dropped one hand and tucked the thumb of the other. 'Minig, uiug, pae-a-nêl, pae-a-canad', she counted. Eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen. "Too many fingers," she said mournfully, folding her hands into fists. She sniffed and rubbed at her eyes, and anyone seeing her would have been struck at how very alike the young of all races are, regardless of their superficial differences. A man-child watching his father set out from Bree to trade sheep in Archet would have looked every bit as miserable as Arwen. As she stood on the bridge, her eyes welling, Arwen sensed a presence and looked over her shoulder. Anomen was regarding her worriedly. "Oh, Nomie," she cried, "Ada will be gone ever so long, and I don't know how I shall manage without him. Perhaps," she added fearfully, "I shall fade. Do you suppose I shall?" Anomen came to stand by her. He shook his head. "No," he said kindly, "You shan't. Fourteen days are as nothing in the life of an Elf. You will see. The time will pass quickly, with lessons and games, and then you will see your Ada riding back over the bridge." "You think so, Nomie?" Arwen said hopefully. "And I won't fade?" "Truly you will not," Anomen assured her. "Consider, 'Wen, that it is already several hours since your father departed. When he left, you had to bear the thought that he would not return for fourteen days. But now it is less than fourteen days until his return. If you could bear the thought that he would be gone for fourteen days entire, then you may surely bear the thought that he will be gone for a lesser period of time." "Oh," said Arwen. "Oh. I hadn't thought of that. So he won't be gone for fourteen days." "Not anymore he won't," affirmed Anomen. "Indeed, your Ada is coming back sooner than he was even a few minutes ago. Oh, wait a moment—now he is coming back even sooner ! And now —" "Nomie," giggled Arwen, "you are silly." "Silly," exclaimed Anomen, making a show of being affronted. "Silly! Indeed I am not! I am quite in earnest!" "No, you are not, Nomie, and I am glad you are not. You said the time would pass in lessons and games. Erestor will make sure of the lessons, but you must play the games with me. I know Elrohir won't because he pretends to be a grownup, and Elladan won't because he almost always will oblige Elrohir by doing whatever he wants—twins are awful, I think. So you must play with me, Nomie, or nobody else will." Here Arwen put on a tragic expression, and Anomen struggled not to laugh, for her turned-down mouth was woefully at variance with her dancing eyes. After a few moments, however, he gave up and giggled, and then Arwen abandoned her attempts at looking miserable and began to laugh as well. At last Anomen managed to sober himself. "I will play with you, 'Wen," he promised, "but not this afternoon. Elladan was making droll faces at me on the training field, and twice I shot wide. I want to go and search for my arrows, for I shouldn't like Glorfindel to notice that I am short." Arwen nodded solemnly. She had never been on the receiving end of one of Glorfindel's rebukes, but often enough she had seen Elladan, Elrohir, and Anomen quailing beneath the fierce eye of the balrog-slayer. "You find your arrows," she agreed. "I will go in the garden and pick flowers for a garland for Ada." "A garland might fade before he returns," Anomen pointed out, "but if you pluck the petals and let them dry, you can make him a sachet. He can take it out and hold it to his nose whenever Mithrandir puffs upon his pipe," the young Elf added mischievously. This drew a merry laugh, and Arwen ran off gaily, her spirits restored. Anomen walked on to the training field. He hastened past the targets and into the woods behind them. Quickly he found his two arrows, as well as several belonging to other Elves, including one that actually looked as if it might belong to Glorfindel himself. Anomen held it up and carefully examined it. 'Yes', he said to himself, 'that is indeed Glorfindel's mark'. He grinned and put the arrow into his quiver. 'I should like to see Glorfindel's face if I draw out one of his arrows when he is scolding me for carelessness', he chortled to himself. Then he spied another arrow on the far side of a rill. He was about to step across the streamlet when a bright glint caught his eye. He bent down and from amongst the pebbles in the rill picked up a tiny fleck. He held the flake up, and it gleamed bright in the sun. 'Gold', he said to himself. 'It must have washed out of a deposit hereabouts. If I find only a few flakes more, I can ask the goldsmith to gild the pendant that I am carving for Arwen's birthday'. For gold is extraordinarily ductile, and even a small quantity would have sufficed for the end that Anomen had in mind. From the pouch that he wore at his side, Anomen drew out the small piece of cloth in which was wrapped his whetting stone. He returned the whetting stone to the pouch and wrapped the gold flake in the cloth. Then he set about scanning the streambed for additional flakes. Soon he spotted one upstream of the spot where he had found the first fleck. Encouraged, he added it to the first and then continued his search, moving ever upstream. In short order he had found three more flakes. 'I wonder if I can find the source', he mused, 'for it may be useful to have a vein so close to Rivendell. The Elves of Greenwood proffer gold for our glasswork, but they get it from the Men of Esgaroth, who, it is said, acquire it from dwarven vagabonds who relinquish heirlooms to stave off starvation. Surely that is no a reliable source! 'Twould be better if Rivendell had a source nearer to hand'. Anomen continued searching, moving ever upstream. After a little while, he had as many flakes as the cloth could hold, so he knotted it and put it in his pouch. He observed many other flecks glinting amongst the pebbles and continued to follow the trail until he had gone several hundred feet without seeing one. Then he returned to the last spot where he had seen a flake. There a rivulet entered the stream. Its source was to the east, and Anomen lifted up his eyes and gazed upon the mountain from whose flanks it arose. 'The vein must lie somewhere within that mountain', he said to himself. Well pleased, he turned his steps toward home. 'Elrond will be glad to learn of this gold', he told himself happily. 'It will free us from dependence upon Dwarves'. Congratulating himself upon his astuteness, the elfling began to sing as he walked. Confidence—over-confidence, that is—has been the bane of many. As Anomen sang, he listened to the sound of his own voice, never noticing the slight rustling and crackling noises that would have alerted him to the approach of danger. He rounded a bend in the stream—and found himself staring at the drawn arrows of a band of Men. From their clothing, he did not judge them to be Dunlendings, and when they spoke, his suspicions—and fears—were proved to be correct. "A lone Elf," sneered one of the Men. "Aye, and a young one, too," observed another. 'Southrons', thought Anomen, his stomach clenching. Thanks to Erestor, his grounding in the languages of Men was very thorough. Anomen remained still. He was an excellent archer, but even Glorfindel could not have defended himself against upwards of a dozen Men who had already drawn and nocked their arrows. The Man who had first spoken—the leader, apparently—gestured, and some of his companions sidled around until Anomen was completely surrounded. One Man seized the Elf's bow; another took his knife. Then the leader step forward. "Let us see what he has in his pouch," he declared. He cut the strings of the pouch, and grimaced in disappointment as he looked inside. "Whetting stone, flint and steel. Paugh!" He flung it down. One of his fellows picked it up and peered into it. "There is something wrapped in cloth," he announced, pulling forth the packet of gold. "Let me see that!" exclaimed the leader, turning back toward him. He snatched the cloth from his follower and undid the knot. "Gold!" he gloated. "Where did you get this?" he demanded of Anomen. The young Elf thought quickly. It would not do for Men to learn that gold was to be found near Imladris. "I acquired it on my travels," he said—omitting to mention, of course, that his 'travels' had been brief. Let the Men think what they liked; he had told no lie! "You are not equipped for a journey," said the Man suspiciously. "You carry no pack." Legolas shrugged. "What need have I for a pack? As you see, I carry whetting stone, flint and steel. These answer my needs. With my arrows I bring down game; with my knife, kept ever sharp, I dress my prey; with my flint and steel I kindle the fire with which to cook my dinner. If you do not believe me, look in my quiver, wherein you will find arrows variously marked. These I have collected in token of my journey." The Man yanked the quiver from Anomen's shoulder and dumped its contents upon the ground. As Anomen had said, diverse arrows were mingled amongst his own. The Man nodded. "Very well. You have acquired this gold during your travels. Tell us where, exactly, or you will travel no more!" "Journey with me to Dunland," Anomen replied, "and there you will learn the truth." Before the leader could reply, one of his Men spoke up. "Dunland," he said excitedly. "Have not our spies reported that