Folks, from time totime reviewers express distress over the way Elrohir teases and bullies Anomen in some of the stories in The Nameless One series. This story is about the teasing and bullying and tries to find a resolution to it. Beta Reader: this is only a quick one-shot, so there is no beta reader. If anyone notices an error, please let me know. Elrohir liked to tease Anomen. Everyone knew it, and everyone deplored it, but no one knew how to put a stop to the elder elfling's mistreatment of the younger one. Elrond suspected that Elrohir would tease Anomen less if the younger elfling would defend himself against the taunts of the elder. However, Elrond would not share his thoughts with Anomen, for it seemed to him that if he did it would sound as if he were blaming Anomen for something for which Elrohir alone was responsible. 'It would be as if one scolded a trader who was robbed for not fighting off his assailant', mused Elrond, 'implying thereby that blame for the robbery may be laid at the feet of the one who committed no crime'. Yet even without Elrond's encouragement, there came a day when Anomen would not suffer his foster-brother's teasing in silence. "Late again, Anomen?" jeered Elrohir when the younger elfling returned from the training field long after his cohort had regained the Hall. "Pity that Glorfindel must linger over your training. Cannot you keep up with the others?" "For shame, Elrohir," scolded his twin, Elladan. "You know that Glorfindel detains Anomen at the field not because he is slower than the others but because he is better!" Elladan spoke the truth. Anomen was such a talented archer that so venerable a personage as Lord Glorfindel, twice-born balrog-slayer, had taken him under his wing, supplementing his training with private lessons that he had never seen fit to offer to any other elfling. This fact Elrohir resented, so Elladan's words did not discourage him from teasing Anomen but instead spurred him on. "You fancy yourself a prodigy," he jeered, "but I do not know why. And even if you were , you think too much of yourself. Ada says that arrogance is not seemly, but I have seen you counting your hits with such care as could only betoken excessive pride." Anomen flushed, but from resentment rather than shame. Elrohir could not know that Anomen's skill at archery had alone won him any notice during his lonely days at the Great Hall in Greenwood. His archery master had encouraged him when his father would not, and if Anomen carefully counted his hits, it was out of gratitude for the kindness of his teacher, a gratitude that made the elfling all the more eager to please him. Now Anomen's carefulness was being thrown in his face. Worse, Elrohir's words renewed the pain Anomen had felt when his father had not acknowledged his prowess—or, worse, had seemed to disparage it. Suddenly Anomen could no longer bear Elrohir's teasing. "Orc," he shouted at his tormenter. "Your pointed ears are not those of an Elf but of an Orc!" Elrohir went white in the face. If Elrohir was ignorant of Anomen's sensitivity on the subject of his archery, Anomen was likewise ignorant of Elrohir's strong feelings on the subject of Orcs. He had never been told of what had happened to Elrohir's Naneth, how she had been captured and tormented by goblins. Had Anomen been familiar with the tale, he would never have called Elrohir by the name of the creatures that had so cruelly mistreated his mother. But he did not know, and so he stood shouting the one insult that Elrohir would never have abided. Troll-brain, yes. Dwarf-pate, yes. But Orc—never. Elrohir charged at Anomen, and the younger elfling saw from his look of fury that this would be no mere roll in the dust. But he stood his ground. Elrohir raised his fists and struck at him, and Anomen struck back. Panting and swearing, the two flailed at each other. Elrohir had the advantage in weight and height, but Anomen unleashed all his pent up despair and fury, and as unlikely as it would have seemed to anyone familiar with the slight and diffident elfling, he fought Elrohir to a draw. "Stop it!" shouted Elladan, shocked and horrified. He had never seen Elf fight with Elf. In Rivendell, all disputes were settled by words rather than weapons or fists. He laid hold of Elrohir's tunic and tugged frantically. "Stop it!" he shouted again. His twin tried to shake him off, but he would not let go. "Elrohir," he shrieked, frantic now, "you must stop!" Furious at Elladan's interference, Elrohir swung about suddenly. Both his arms were raised, with fists clenched, and without meaning to, he struck his twin in the mouth. Elladan cried out in shock and pain. He let go of Elrohir's tunic and stood, blood streaming from his mouth. Their quarrel forgotten, Elrohir and Anomen froze. At last Elladan broke the silence. "How could you?" he forced out through bloody lips. "How could you!" he repeated accusingly. Suddenly he turned and ran into the forest. Immediately Anomen let out a sob and ran into the forest after him. Elrohir remained behind for several minutes, looking at the spot where the two had vanished. Then, his head lowered, he slowly trudged in the direction of the Hall. When Elrohir arrived at the Hall, the first person he encountered was Erestor. "Elrohir!" the tutor cried in alarm at the sight of the elfling's scratched face and torn tunic. "Elrohir, are you hurt? And your brothers, where are they? Pray tell me that they are unharmed!" Elrohir began to weep, and Erestor was alarmed all the more. Anxiously he began to check Elrohir for injuries, gently running his hands over the elfling's limbs. "Elrohir," he begged, "tell me what has happened. Saes! Tell me! Were you attacked by Orcs?" "By one Orc," sobbed Elrohir, "only one. But it was a particularly nasty Orc. Anomen and Elladan have run off into the forest to escape him. Where is my Ada? I must speak to him at once!" "He is exercising his horse in company with Glorfindel," exclaimed Erestor. "I will send Lindir to fetch him! Meanwhile, you must go to your room and rest, my poor lad." Erestor spoke with a kindness Elrohir did not feel he deserved, and the elfling cried all the harder as he made his way to the room he shared with Elladan and Anomen. Once he reached it, he stood before the mirror and began to intently study his blotched visage. By the time his father hurried into the room, the young Elf was frantically tugging at his ears, turning his head this way and that so that he might better see them. "Elrohir," exclaimed his father, "are you hurt. Are your ears injured?" He tried to take Elrohir into his arms to comfort him, but Elrohir evaded him. "Do not touch me!" he cried. "It may be contagious!" "Contagious?" repeated his father, puzzled. Men and Dwarfs were prone to diseases that might be passed from one sufferer to the next, but where had Elrohir gotten the notion that the Eldar were similarly susceptible? "Ada," said Elrohir, "is it true that Orcs are Elves that have degenerated from their blessed state?" Elrond considered. "There is a story," he said slowly, "that the first Orcs were Elves who were kidnapped and tortured until their spirits died, leaving only bodies that had been corrupted by pain and grief. If this tale be true—and it is not certain that it is!—it happened long ago, beyond the memory of any Elf now living. But what does this have to do with you?" "I think I am turning into an Orc," Elrohir said fearfully. "Look at my pointy ears!" Elrond suppressed a smile, his worry replaced by gentle amusement now that it was apparent that his son was unharmed. "Elrohir," he said indulgently, "your ears have always been pointed—as are my ears and Elladan's. Every Elf has pointed ears." "But so do Orcs," Elrohir quickly replied. "Aye, and Orcs have two eyes, as we do, and mouths and noses. Do you fear turning into an Orc on that account?" "No, for all mammals have eyes, mouths, and noses. But, Ada, only Orcs and Elves have pointed ears." "Not so," Elrond answered calmly, "for the fox has pointed ears, as does the wolf and the cat and the bat and many other animals I might mention." "Very well," conceded Elrohir. "Some animals have pointed ears. But," he continued, "if you consider the mammals that speak and go about on two feet, it is only the Elves and Orcs that have pointed ears." "You are forgetting the Periannath," Elrond pointed out. "They have pointed ears, too. Even if they did not, however, and only Orcs and Elves had such ears, you must consider that you have always had yours. Had you gone to sleep with rounded ears and woken up with pointed ones, then I could understand your fear. But you have not changed in the least, at least insofar as your ears are concerned. Therefore, my son, tell me what it is that in truth has frightened you so." Elrohir gave his ear a final tug and cast his eyes down. "Ada," he said softly, "is it possible for someone to look like an Elf on the inside but be an Orc on the inside?" "Ah," Elrond said with understanding. "Would I be right in guessing that you feel bad about something that you have said or done today?" "Both," Elrohir said bleakly. "I spoke foully and behaved foully, too. I think only an Orc would speak and act as I did. Ada, could I be turning into an Orc? Or maybe I have been an Orc all along and nobody knew it." "Elrohir," Elrond said gravely, "do you consider me wise?" "Yes, Ada." "I have lived long and seen much—is that not so?" "Indeed!" "Then you must accept my assurance that I have never had any reason to believe that I harbored an Orc within my household. I do think I should have noticed if I had!" "Truly?" Elrohir said hopefully. "Truly," Elrond assured him solemnly. "But I have been bad, Ada." "And in saying so you have proved yourself to be no Orc." "I have?" Elrohir said in surprise. "Elrohir, what distinguishes an Orc from an Elf is not appearance but the Elf's possession of a conscience. I have never heard tell of an Orc feeling sorry for any crime he has committed. You, on the other hand, while you have often been naughty, have in the end always felt bad for your misdeeds. Sometimes it takes you awhile to acknowledge your guilt, and sometimes you might apologize more graciously, were you not so eager to save face. Still, it is clear that you possess a conscience." Elrohir was still anxious. "I am not an Orc now, Ada, but could I become one later?" he appealed. "Do you want to be an Orc, Elrohir?" "Oh, no!" "Then I do not think you shall become one. We would not be having this conversation if you had it within you to become an Orc." Elrohir still looked worried. "Ada, I hope I shall not become an Orc, but I have acted like one. Elladan and Anomen are very angry at me right now, and I am afraid they will never forgive me." "Elrohir, do you think either Elladan or Anomen is an Orc?" "No! If I am not an Orc, then neither one of them is, for they are both of them much better behaved than I am!" "Then I think you may be sure that they will forgive you, for that, too, distinguishes an Elf from an Orc—the ability to forgive." Elrohir looked relieved, but then his face again grew troubled. "Ada," he said, "I want them