Recollections "I don't believe it," said Edwen Nana fiercely, glaring at the messenger. The room fell silent, no one willing to address the angry elleth. At last Thranduil cautiously cleared his throat. Everyone looked hopefully toward the King of Northern Mirkwood. "Nana," he said gently, "we all know that Mithrandir's path was a dangerous one. Many were the risks that he took on behalf of the Free Peoples of Middle-earth. And thus there was always the possibility—" "It may have been possible, but that doesn't mean it has come to pass," Edwen Nana interrupted. "My Lady," said the messenger timidly. "I was there when the Fellowship arrived in Lothlórien: two Men, one Dwarf, four Periannath, and one Elf, our very own Prince. He himself does not doubt the truth of the matter. He was heard to speak of his grief, although doing so almost robbed him of his voice." "Nana," said Gilglîr, "surely you would not doubt Legolas. He was there when Mithrandir fell. He told Galadriel and Celeborn of it." "I don't doubt that Legolas believes that Mithrandir fell. Indeed, I don't doubt that he fell—I mean in the sense of plummeting downward from a great height. But he's not dead." "Of course," said Thranduil, believing that he now understood. "Of course. I see what you mean, Nana. Mithrandir will always be with us in spirit, won't he?" "Don't patronize me," said Edwen Nana angrily. "That's not what I mean at all. Body and soul, he'll be back." Thranduil and Gilglîr exchanged worried glances. The Valar were not in the habit of sending folk back for another go-round. Glorfindel the Balrog-slayer had come back, that was true, but he was the proverbial exception that proved the rule. Edwen Nana, however, was troubled by no such thoughts. "Tell me, Thranduil, isn't it true that you believed for centuries that Legolas had been captured and slain by spiders?" "I know what you are going to argue, Nana. I was wrong then, and you think I'm wrong now. But in the case of Legolas, no one witnessed his death. It was surmised, and the surmise turned out to have been wrong. In this case, however, Mithrandir's demise can be testified to by eight witnesses whose testimony is unimpeachable." "As far as it goes," replied Edwen Nana serenely. "I don't follow you," said Thranduil, puzzled. "No one actually saw him die." "Nana, they saw him fall." "Yes, but nobody saw him hit the bottom," Nana pointed out. "True, but he must have hit the bottom eventually." "Oh, doubtless, but how did he hit the bottom, that's what I want to know. I'll wager he landed on his feet!" "Even if he landed on his feet, he did so in the company of a balrog." "Yes, and I am sure the balrog lived to regret it—albeit only briefly." Nothing anyone said could shake Edwen Nana's belief that Gandalf had not perished in Moria, and she at once began to beg leave to journey to Lothlórien. "I am sure he will show up there hard on the heels of his companions." "You had better let her go," Gilglîr advised Thranduil. "It may be that Galadriel will be able to help her to accept Mithrandir's death." Thranduil saw the wisdom of this, and deputized Tathar to lead the escort that would accompany her. "If anyone can keep her even slightly in line, you can," the king told the carpenter. "Like Legolas, you are as a son to her." "Which merely means," Tathar observed wryly, "that she chastises me even more freely than she does the other Elves." Thranduil smiled. "True, but she also is a little more inclined to listen to you than to other Elves." Thus it was that Edwen Nana and an escort set out for Lothlórien a few days after the news of Gandalf's fall had arrived in Mirkwood. Once in Caras Galadhon, she insisted on being taken to see Galadriel straightaway, and she minced no words when she stood before that Lady. "Lady Galadriel, I have come on account of Mithrandir." "Indeed? I take it, then, that you have heard from him." 'What a singular answer', thought Edwen Nana. 'That is something the Lady would say only if Mithrandir were—' "You know that he is alive," exclaimed Edwen Nana excitedly. "Lacking proof positive, I cannot say that I know he is alive. But I believe it to be so." Edwen Nana waved her hand dismissively. "Oh, I don't care to cavil, Lady. What I want to know is what you are doing to recover him." "The Eldar in all lands have been asked for news of him, and even now as we speak bird and beast search every dell and mountaintop. He will be found, and when he is, he will be brought here." "Excellent," beamed Edwen Nana. "Have you a cottage hereabouts where I can dwell whilst I await his return and where I can tend to him upon his arrival?" "I will see that you are provided with a talan—one that is near to the ground." "Thank you, Lady. I like to keep my feet firmly planted." "I am sure you do," smiled Galadriel. Every few days an eagle settled upon the top of the great mallorn tree in which Galadriel and Celeborn had their dwelling and relayed news of the search. There was little to report at first, but at last Gwaihir himself, Lord of the Eagles, arrived at Caras Galadhon. In his talons, tenderly, he bore a very thin, very worn Mithrandir. He deposited him gently upon the talan of the Lord and Lady, graciously accepted their thanks, and winged his way back to his own eyrie. Save for the ring upon his hand, Gandalf was as naked as the day he came into being. Altogether untroubled by that fact, he stood regarding his elven hosts. "You look vaguely familiar. Have I ever troubled you before?" "Yes," said Galadriel. "We have been good friends, and I hope we shall be again." "I do hope you are right. You are a lovely lady. I trust," Gandalf added, addressing Celeborn, "you don't mind my saying so." "Not at all," replied Celeborn, who acted as if engaging in casual conversation with a naked wizard was the most ordinary of pastimes. "It is a little breezy in the canopy," Galadriel suggested tactfully. "Would you like a robe?" "How very kind of you. Yes, I am rather cold. A robe would be just the thing." Galadriel both fetched him a robe and dispatched a messenger for Edwen Nana. As soon as she received the news, that lady came bustling up the steps to the talan, tears glistening in her eyes, and if Celeborn had not quickly placed his hands upon her shoulders, she would have launched herself at Gandalf, who, frail as he was, would probably have been knocked off his feet and over the edge of the platform. "Edwen Nana," said Galadriel soothingly, "as you see, he has not yet recovered his strength. He is as fragile as a butterfly but newly emerged from its cocoon. Have a care not to overwhelm him." With admirable restraint, Edwen Nana carefully approached the wondering wizard, took his hand, and gently led him to her talan, where, if you will believe it, she 'bustled' about in a sort of slow motion, making him comfortable whilst at the same time not disconcerting him with excessive sound and movement. For several days, neither Edwen Nana nor Galadriel and Celeborn, who visited him morning and eve, pressed the Istar to recall who he was and what he was about. With food and drink and song and speech they entertained him, nourishing him body and soul, but they refrained from any conversation that might try his strength or his wits. "I think," Galadriel finally said one morning after visiting the wizard, "that Edwen Nana may safely begin to urge him to at least remember his name." "I believe you are right," said Celeborn. "You should tell Edwen Nana so." The next morning Edwen Nana set about encouraging Gandalf to recollect his name. "Now Master Wizard, let's see what you can recall about your former life. Have you begun to remember who you are?" "The eagle mentioned a name or two. I seem to have forgotten both." "Try to recall," Edwen Nana encouraged him. "I could tell you, but I suspect if I did, you would again forget straightaway." Gandalf tried to concentrate. After a few minutes, he said hesitantly, "Agrippa?" "Not bad for a first try," said Edwen Nana encouragingly. "Have another go at it." "Um, Bagman?" "That sounds like the sort of name a Perian would have," said Edwen Nana. "Try again." "Dumbledore?" "No," said Edwen Nana. "Although," she added thoughtfully, "that name does suit you. You look somewhat like a Dumbledore." Emboldened, Gandalf next tried, in order, 'Faustus', 'Flamel, 'Lockhart', and 'Lupin'. 'No', 'no', 'no', and 'no', said Edwen Nana. "Malfoy, then?" "I should say not!" "What about 'Merlin'?" "You're getting warmer. You wouldn't make a bad 'Merlin', particularly as you always do seem to be flying about in one way or another." Gandalf looked around the talan, casting about for a clue. His eye fell upon a shiny ornament. "Mithril!" "Oh, very good! Very good, indeed!" exclaimed Edwen Nana, clapping her hands in delight. "Your name does in part resemble that word. Keep the 'Mith' portion and try a different ending." Gandalf cudgeled his brains until at last Edwen Nana took pity upon him. "What is it that you say when you wish to conjoin two objects? Let us imagine that you have said, "Legolas has a bow." Let us also imagine that you have said, "Legolas has an arrow." Now, to keep from repeating yourself, would you not say, 'Legolas has a bow hmmhuh arrow'. What word is missing?" " And ," Gandalf said promptly. "Legolas has a bow and arrow. And he does, too, doesn't he?" Edwen Nana was delighted to hear him make both observations. "You are quite right! Legolas is an excellent archer. And you are close to hitting upon your name. Add the 'and' to the 'Mith'. " "Shall I place it before or after the 'Mith'?" "After." "Very well, then. 'Mithand'." "Lovely!" Edwen Nana looked about the flet for something else that she could use as a clue. A talan does not, properly speaking, have any doors, but she thought she could use the idea nonetheless. "When you enter a chamber—an enclosed one, I mean, with walls and a ceiling—through what must you walk?" "That is a ridiculously easy riddle. One must enter through the door." "Good. Now add that to 'Mithand'." "Mithandoor." "Well done. Now utter it several times as quickly as you can." "Mithandoor mithandoor mithandoor mithandur mithandur mithandir MITHRANDIR! My name is Mithrandir, isn't it?" Gandalf was excited now. "I am Mithrandir! Yes, I am quite sure of it. Tell me that it is so," he appealed to Edwen Nana. The nursemaid vacillated between laughter and tears. "Yes," she sobbed as she smiled. "Your name is Mithrandir." With that, she flung her arms about him and kissed him upon the forehead. "Hmm," said Gandalf slyly. "That reawakens some memories as well—as well as other things." "Oh, you droll creature," laughed Nana, loosing her hold upon the grinning wizard and shaking a figure at him. I do believe you are coming along nicely now—but perhaps I ought not to use that verb!" "Ah, well," sighed Gandalf, "perhaps later. For now, tell me about this Legolas." Edwen Nana complied, gladly telling story after story about Legolas and his adventures with the wizard. She went on for hours and hours, well into the night. The moon arose. Hours later, the moon was low in the west. At last Edwen Nana heard someone clear his throat. She looked toward the edge of the talan. Haldir was peering over it, an apologetic look upon his face. Galadriel had sent him to convey