Folks, this is a new elfling tale. I do have another chapter of "Things Fall Apart" prepared. It is being beta'd and will be posted shortly. Vocabulary Fuchs—'Fox' (German) Grausam—'Unkind' (German) Beta Reader: Dragonfly Number Nine: Chapter 1 'One', Anomen carefully wrote. 'Two'. "Three'. Anomen sighed. Erestor looked up and frowned. "Anomen, if you would put as much energy into writing as you do into sighing, you would soon be finished with this task." "But then you'd only assign him another," Elrohir pointed out impishly. "Elrohir," said Erestor tartly, "you seem to have a surfeit of energy, concerning yourself as you do with the progress of your fellow student. Perhaps I should assign you an additional task." Elrohir hastily bent his head over his own parchment, and Erestor came to stand by Anomen and look over his script. "Very good," he said approvingly. "For all your sighing, you are doing a neat job with your lettering." "May I stop, then?" Anomen asked hopefully. "No. I said you were doing a neat job. I did not say you were doing a superb job." As always, Erestor's standards were very exacting. "Master Erestor," Elladan said timidly, "I don't mean to be impertinent, but why must we spend so much time perfecting our writing?" "Anything worth doing is worth doing perfectly," said Erestor serenely. "But, Master Erestor," said Anomen, "what if it is not necessary that a task be done with excruciating attention to detail?" "Oh, and can you think of a case where this would be so?" "Let us say that you are chopping wood for a fire," argued Anomen. "Because the sticks are only to be burned, it is not necessary that each stick be exactly the same length as each other. You must merely make sure that each stick is of a suitable length for the size of the fire. There now!" said the elfling triumphantly. "Tell me, Anomen, when you determine how carefully a stick must be cut, you are considering how best to use your time and energy, is that not so?" "Yes, Master Erestor." "It would be foolish to make an effort to cut sticks to a precise length when such precision is not required by the situation." "Of course, Master Erestor," Anomen replied, puzzled. That was his point exactly; whatever could Erestor mean by embracing it? "So, Anomen, what are you paying attention to when you decide not to devote your energy into precisely measuring sticks that are to be burned? Are you not paying attention to the details of the situation, one detail being whether you are required to invest time and energy in establishing exactitude of length, given the purpose for which the wood is intended?" The elflings exchanged baffled glances. Erestor's argument appeared paradoxical yet irrefutable. One had to pay attention to the specific nature of a task in order to determine the level of precision requisite to the task. And that meant paying attention to details. It was thus necessary to be precise even when one was being imprecise! Ai! The elflings worked in silence for awhile. At last Anomen worked up the courage to return to the argument. "Master Erestor, sticks that vary somewhat in length serve their purpose if they are intended for a fire and their length is suitable for that particular fire." "So we have agreed, Anomen." "The purpose of such sticks is to furnish us with the means for creating light and warmth." "True." "What is the purpose of the alphabet, Master Erestor?" "The alphabet allows us to represent words in written form so that we may communicate over distance and across time one with another." "The letters of the alphabet can be written in different sizes, can they not, Master Erestor?" "Yes, the script of a missive written on a smallish piece of parchment may be smaller than the lettering on the pages of a history found within a massive folio." "But if the sizes were to be mixed," said Anomen, "some letters large, others small, the text would still be understandable, is that not so? One could still communicate over distance and across time!" Erestor worked hard to suppress a smile. Anomen was a clever little elfling, and even though the tutor valued firmness, he could not but appreciate the young one's effort to argue his way out of the tedious handwriting exercise. "Tell me, Anomen, are all Elves of equal height?" "No, they vary somewhat—although none be as short as is a Dwarf!" "We are speaking of Elves only, Anomen. So, we agreed that the Eldar vary in height." "Yes, Master," Anomen said cautiously, wondering what trap was being set for him. "Would we fault a captain if he led into battle a patrol consisting of Elves of various heights?" "No, for each Elf would still serve his purpose, even if he were a little taller or shorter than his fellows. Besides, differences in height arise naturally, and the captain has no power over them. He cannot order his warriors to shrink; neither can he command them to grow!" "True. But what would we say of a captain who was responsible for a cavalry patrol and yet furnished only half his warriors with horses so that some had to run into battle whilst others rode?" "There are many things that could be said of such a captain. One might say that he was heedless or thoughtless or ill-prepared. One might even call him foolish." "So we judge folk by actions that are within their power and expect them to make good use of their resources." "Yes, Master Erestor," replied Anomen resignedly. Even a Troll could have seen the direction that this argument was taking. "And such actions may include the careful marshaling of resources according to the situation at hand." Anomen gave a sigh as heartfelt as the one he had uttered at the outset of this tale. "I suppose, Master Erestor, you are going to say that it would be a poor writer who mingled large and small letters within the limited space allowed for a brief message." "It seems I do not need to say that, as you have already done so. But there is another matter to be considered in this case. If a person proves to be careful under one set of circumstances, do we not tend to assume that he will be careful under other circumstances? In other words, do we not extend our trust to that person?" "Yes, Master Erestor. I know that Glorfindel has lately allowed me much more freedom on the training fields because I have proved myself to be reliable in the past." "That's Lord Glorfindel to you," Erestor said sharply. He was as particular about decorum as he was about handwriting. "Now, let us imagine that you have sent a letter with which you hope to persuade a king to enter into trade negotiations. Let us suppose that in many small ways your missive is composed carelessly—in grammar, perhaps, and in spelling and handwriting. Would you blame the recipient if he wondered whether someone who was careless in minor matters could be trusted in weightier ones?" "But, Master Erestor," interjected Elladan, "very often our father sends missives that have been copied out by a scribe. He couldn't be blamed if those letters were composed carelessly." "Oh, yes, he would indeed be to blame," Erestor asserted. You father is responsible for selecting and supervising his servants. If he countenanced sloppiness and negligence on their part, it would not say much for his own shrewdness and sagacity." The elflings nodded. What Erestor said made sense. Young as they were, they were aware that on many occasions it was necessary to make a good impression in order to win allies. There were many ways to do so—through speech and behavior, even through grooming and apparel. Why should not one's missives be another way of establishing one's credibility and authority? They returned to their task with a little less reluctance, now that they understood its necessity, and in due course Erestor was able to release them from their morning lesson, with words of praise for each and every one, but especially Anomen. "Anomen, I do believe it would be fair to say that you have done a superb job on that final page—particularly the lettering for the word 'nine'. Very elegantly done." Such praise of course awoke Elrohir's jealousy, which was, after all, never more than napping. "It's easy for him to write the word for 'nine'," he scoffed, "because his forearm is marred by that birthmark that looks like that very word. He is always staring at it—bothers him, I shouldn't doubt, that he is marked so." Erestor frowned, partly because he was troubled by Elrohir's pettiness, but partly because it always disturbed him to be reminded of Anomen's birthmark. He knew something that the elflings did not: Gandalf had the identical birthmark, although on his shoulder rather than his forearm. From the first time Erestor had seen Gandalf in one of the bathing chambers, he had noticed the wizard's birthmark. For centuries it had seemed a mere curiosity. Then Anomen had arrived, and one day in the library, when he had reached for a quill, the sleeve of his tunic had gaped enough for Erestor to see the strange sign on the elfling's forearm. "What's that?" the tutor had said sharply. "What is what, Master Erestor?" Anomen asked. "That mark on your arm? Is it a scar? A burn?" "I have had it for as long as I can remember," Anomen had replied. "My Edwen Nana told me that it was a birthmark." "Let me see it," Erestor demanded. Slowly Anomen pushed up his sleeve. He was taken aback by the tutor's peremptory tone. To make matters worse, Elrohir and Elladan were both staring at him curiously. They had of course seen the birthmark whenever they had had occasion to change or bathe, but they had thought nothing of it—until now. Erestor's interest kindled their own. "By the Valar," Erestor said under his breath. "What is the matter?" Anomen asked nervously. "Curious, most curious. That birthmark bears a remarkable resemblance to the word for 'nine'. "Yes, I have been told that before," Anomen said. "Is that so very bad?" "I do not know," Erestor said softly. Then he hastened to assume a nonchalant manner. "Probably nothing," he said briskly. "A quirk of nature." But Erestor did not believe that for a minute. What were the odds, he wondered, that two individuals would be thrown together, both marked by the elven word for 'nine'? For it was Gandalf who had found Anomen and brought him to Rivendell. "Of all the elflings in all of the forests in all of Middle-earth," mused Erestor, "he encounters that one. Why?" Whenever Erestor caught sight of either Anomen's or Gandalf's birthmark, he wondered anew at what the shared mark might mean. And it never failed to disconcert him. Partly he was bothered because to him the mark was a visible sign of the closeness between wizard and elfling, for the tutor envied a little the bond that the two so obviously shared. Erestor believed that he, in his incarnation of strict schoolmaster, would never be afforded the same affection that Anomen felt for the wizard, who had a genial side that he freely shared with the elfling. When Gandalf would unexpectedly appear in Rivendell, Anomen would fling himself into his arms and squeeze until the Maia would utter a half-laughing 'oooph!' Whilst Gandalf sat in the Hall of Fire, conversing with Elrond, Anomen would climb into his lap and lean back comfortably against him, tucking his head under the wizard's beard and not infrequently falling asleep so that he had to be carried to bed at the conclusion of the evening. No elfling had ever fallen asleep in Erestor's lap, and, of course, the tutor had no beard for a young one to shelter under. But Erestor's wistful envy of the