In Parallel Quest , Will Turner puts in a brief crossover appearance. In this story he reappears. My stories sometimes track Tolkien's version of Middle-earth, sometimes Jackson's. I am delighted to receive any and all responses, whether reviewers are logged in or not. If you do happen to be logged in, I will use the reply feature to get back to you unless you have disabled the private messaging feature. ( Please notice that the fanfiction site has changed its system so that responses to reviews go out via the private messaging feature. That is why the people who have disabled that feature have not heard back from me .) This story may incorporate incidents and/or quotations from the book and/or movie versions of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings . The chapter may also draw upon posthumous publications edited by Christopher Tolkien, such as The Silmarillion . Beta Reader: Dragonfly is the beta reader for Parallel Quest , but shorter pieces are posted without a reader. If you catch any errors, please let me know. Legolas scowled at a puppy as he rubbed his ankle. It seemed that every time he visited King Elessar, one of the household bitches had given birth, and invariably one of the whelps fastened itself to his ankle. "The only thing worse," he muttered to himself, "would be having one of the adults attaching itself to my leg." He was of course thinking of the mortification attendant upon serving as a humping post for a dog. "Legolas," the King called cheerfully as he entered the room with Arwen at his side. "I see that you have made the acquaintance of Hwest." "Hwest?" replied Legolas. "Why have you named this puppy 'Breeze'?" "He was the runt of the litter," Aragorn answered, "so tiny that Arwen said he might be wafted away upon a breeze." "His teeth are large enough," the Elf pointed out, grimacing as Hwest began to worry his ankle anew. "Daro, Hwest," scolded Arwen. The puppy abandoned Legolas's ankle and scampered to the Queen, who scooped him up and carried him to a window seat, where she settled the puppy in her lap and began to stroke him. Soon the tiny dog was napping peacefully. "Arwen can tame the wildest of creatures," Aragorn boasted. "Even you , Estel," Legolas teased. "Of course," Aragorn agreed, unabashed. "It is the way of the Eldar. You have tamed Gimli. By the by, where is the lock-bearer?" "Lock-bearer, yes. He has stopped in the Street of the Goldsmiths to mend the chain upon which he has fastened the reliquary of those three precious strands of hair." Aragorn laughed. "I had thought I should never desire to hear again the word 'precious', but I find I like it well enough when it is used to describe the tresses of the Lady Galadriel." "It is good to reclaim that word," agreed Legolas, "else it should be said that Sauron stole our very language." "In which case it could not be said," Arwen called from her window seat, "for you would be left speechless." Legolas was left speechless indeed as he considered how to answer this sally, but before he recovered his tongue Gimli had bustled into the room. The Dwarf's loquaciousness could have made speech by anyone else in the room unnecessary. "Legolas! Aragorn! Do you remember that blacksmith's apprentice, the one what was keen to learn swordsmanship and fight pirates?" "I remember such a lad," Legolas replied. "He had a Breeland name did he not, for his father had dwelled in that place for a time?" "Yes," said Aragorn. "Will Turner he is called, and he is a descendant of the Dúnedain, although one would not have guessed this from his name, which, as you say, was a Breeland one. But Gimli, why do you speak of him?" "I met him just now in the Street of Goldsmiths, his son by his side, a lively lad who looks just like him, curly hair and brown eyes and all. 'I have left my heart in the keeping of this lad's mother', he said to me, 'and the lad, too. It seems to me as if it has been ten years since I last laid eyes on either of them'." "The fleets can be absent for months," laughed Aragorn, "but Master Turner must be very much in love if it seems to him that he has been gone for an entire decade." "It's Captain Turner now, and, yes, I do believe he is very much in love. He bore a tiny casket in his hand, and he opened it to show me the heart pendant that he had commissioned for his wife. 'So you see', he said, 'my wife will indeed have my heart in her keeping'." Aragorn laughed again. "I like this Captain Turner very well indeed. Does his son follow him to sea?" "I reckon he will if he has inherited his father's character as well as his name. Billy he is called, and as I have said, he looks just like his father." "Billy," repeated Aragorn. "His father Will, his grandfather Bill. The Turners seem to suffer from a dearth of names, for is not each of these names nothing but 'William' in another guise?" " You are one to talk!" teased Arwen. "Aragorn son of Arathorn son of Arador son of—" Aragorn held up his hands in defeat. "Peace, Arwen! I yield!" "Then I am the victor and may now claim a prize," Arwen smiled. "Of course," Aragorn smiled back. "You may claim whatever you desire. Like Mistress Turner, you already have my heart in your keeping, and as you have my heart all else must follow. What would you, melethril-nín?" "Do something for the lad. If it is his wish, see him outfitted and placed on a respectable ship, one sound from keel to mast and crewed by Men of good character. Or if he would rather be a blacksmith, like his grandfather, see that he is indentured to a master who is as honest and humane as he is skilled." "I will," Aragorn promised. "On the morrow I will have Faramir send word to Captain Turner. He and young Master Turner shall be summoned to my presence chamber, and whatsoever craft the lad wishes to pursue, he shall be given the means to do so." The next day Legolas and Gimli were in the antechamber when Captain Turner and his son arrived in response to the summons from Faramir. Gimli bustled over to the Captain and engaged him in an animated conversation on the finer points of the blacksmith's trade, for it seemed that Will Turner had continued that craft whilst on board, repairing the fittings on whatsoever ship he served upon. Legolas, meanwhile, studied the younger Turner, who looked a little nervous at this august setting that was so different from his humble dwelling. For several minutes he stood rubbing a foot against his calf. Then, timidly, he reached out to touch a wall sconce. Like his father before him, he was interested in all things crafted out of metal. Ai! As the lad handled the sconce, it came loose from its base. Appalled, the boy stood holding the device. His father caught sight of him and laughed. "Why, Billy, would you follow me in all things? When I was a youth, I was sent to deliver a sword to a governor, and like you I could not forebear examining a wall sconce, which likewise broke off in my hand." "What did you do, Father?" The Captain chuckled. He winked conspiratorially and spoke in a stage whisper. "I hid it in a large vase that stood nearby." His son looked about eagerly, and Captain Turner laughed anew. "Let me see the sconce," he said, holding out his hand. "Ah, see, it was held into its base by a pin. Look about on the floor and see where it has fallen." Legolas joined the lad in searching for the pin, and it was he that found it. Gratefully the boy accepted the small piece of metal from the Elf, and as his father looked on approvingly, he soon had the sconce securely refastened to its base. At that moment, the door to Aragorn's presence chamber opened and members of a trade delegation issued forth. After they had departed, Faramir appeared in the door and beckoned that Legolas, Gimli, and the Turners should enter the presence chamber, where Aragorn bade them all be seated. "Captain Turner," Aragorn began, "after the siege of Minas Tirith I took you into my service, and I understand that you have repaid my trust, rising from ship's boy to captain. I have in mind to take your son into my service as well. I am told that he resembles you, a fact that predisposes me to favor him. Does he perform well the tasks he is given?" "He is very good at taking things apart and putting them together again," Legolas deadpanned. "Which," he added hastily as Aragorn raised his eyebrows, "is a skill most needful for a blacksmith." Aragorn turned to the lad. "Is it a blacksmith you want to be? About the palace there are many metal objects that needs must be either forged or repaired. You would never want for employment if you were apprenticed to my blacksmith." The lad hesitated. "I am sure I should very much like to be a blacksmith," he said slowly, then stopped. "Go on," Aragorn encouraged him. "My father went to sea. I should very much like to do that as well." "The lad can do both," Gimli interrupted. "Aragorn, every ship in your fleet is equipped with a forge, for if a fitting breaks when the craft is far from port, it must be repaired on board. Set him to work in one of these floating forges." "Would this suit you?" Aragorn said to the boy. "Oh, yes," exclaimed Billy Turner. "That would suit me very well indeed!" "Faramir," Aragorn turned to his friend and steward, "see that the indentures are drawn up and that a place is found for Master Turner on one of my ships. Make certain that it is one of the larger ones, for on the smaller ships the forges are rudimentary. Young Turner must serve his apprenticeship in a forge fully-equipped so that he may learn well his trade." With that the audience was at an end, for already another trade delegation waited without. As they left the audience chamber, Captain Turner stopped Legolas and Gimli and thanked them both. "You have been kind to me, and now you are kind to my son," he said fervently. "I hope that someday it will be in my power to repay your kindness." "You repay us now with your words," Legolas said. "Ne'ertheless," Will Turner replied, "I shall always be looking for an opportunity to succor you as you have succored me and mine." Suddenly it occurred to Legolas that there was something he could ask of the Captain. "I do not want to inconvenience you," the Elf said, "for now you are in port you must be anxious to spend as much time as possible with your wife and son. I wonder, though, whether you might show me how to handle a boat—not a great ship, mind you! Nothing larger than one of the smaller pinnaces, I think." "I should be glad to! And it wouldn't take me away from my wife and son, neither, for we had already planned an excursion upon the Anduin for the morrow. You shall join us, and my son and I will show you how to manage the rudder and trim the sheets. You are welcome as well," the Man added, turning to Gimli. The Dwarf hastily turned down the offer, looking a little ill at the mere thought of going aboard a boat. He had hated the elven boats in which they had journeyed to the Falls