Folks, I wrote this one at the request of my daughter. The stuffed toy was her idea. Her room is overflowing with stuffed animals. Several years ago, when I suggested that she keep only her favorite ones, she looked at me and said solemnly, "But I have had a relationship with every one." Of course, this is the kid who will assure me that some minor injury hurts her "excruciatingly." Vocabulary: Roch—Horse Beta Reader: Dragonfly An Accomplished Rider "Someday," observed Glorfindel, "Arwen is going to be an accomplished rider." Elrond laughed in amusement. "Glorfindel, how can you say that? She has hardly begun to walk! It is much too soon to tell how well she will ride." "No, it is not, Elrond. Half of riding lies in one's attitude. Arwen has absolutely no fear of horses. Look how comfortably she sits encircled in Elrohir's arm as that horse trots about the field." Elrond looked anew upon Arwen. 'Yes', he thought, 'she is certainly at ease around and upon horses. Even though she cannot yet sit alone upon so much as a pony, she gives every sign of being eager to do so, and at a remarkably young age'. Exactly how eager Arwen was became apparent once Anomen had joined the Rivendell household. Anomen was fascinated by horses, but in Greenwood he had not had many opportunities to ride them. Perceiving his interest and his talent, Elrond made sure that the elfling was put under the supervision of the Riding Master for part of each day. Arwen proved to be as fascinated by Anomen as Anomen was fascinated by horses, and whenever he went to the stables, she followed. The Greenwood Elf made rapid progress and soon graduated from the gentlest pony to a more challenging steed. Anomen was of course much older than Arwen, but it mattered not to the little elleth. Seeing him trotting and then cantering about on a horse, Arwen clamored to be allowed to do the same. Day after day, the Riding Master gently but firmly refused. "Lord Elrond," said the Riding Master one day, "perhaps Arwen should be allowed more time upon her pony. Perhaps then she will cease begging to be allowed to ride upon horses that are much too large and powerful for her." "Very well," said Elrond. "I will see that a groom is assigned to accompany her for several hours each week." Elrond kept his word, but the extra time Arwen spent riding upon her pony each week only served to whet her desire to attempt the larger horses. The Riding Master got into the habit of watching her carefully whenever she was about the stable, for he was convinced that the fearless elleth would someday attempt to mount one of the forbidden horses. Unfortunately, his precautions proved to be both prescient and fruitless. One day at the evening meal, Elrond looked about and saw that Arwen was not in her place. He was about to send one of her brothers to look for her, when the Riding Master appeared in the doorway looking distressed. "Your pardon, Lord Elrond, but one of the stallions has gone missing." "Indeed?" said Elrond. "Which one?" The Riding Master looked even more distressed. "The Lord Glorfindel's great stallion," he replied. Glorfindel looked a little fierce at that news and opened his mouth to speak, but Elrond raised his hand and forestalled him. "I am sure," he said calmly, "that Lord Glorfindel's stallion will come to no harm." The Riding Master looked no less distressed. He gazed anxiously about the room. "I do not see the Lady Arwen," he said, his voice tremulous. The truth began to dawn upon Elrond. Now he was not so composed. With an effort he kept his voice from trembling. "Was Arwen at the stable just now?" "She was at the stable before the stallion disappeared." "And after?" "I could not find her." Elrond, Glorfindel, and every scout within the Dining Hall arose as one and converged upon the exit. Erestor held back Anomen and the twins or they would have followed after. "It is enough," he said gravely, "that one elfling has gone missing. Do not add to your father's woe by running off into the forest." "But we want to do something!" cried Elrohir. "You will do something of great value if you do not distract the searchers. Would you wish a scout to be beating the bush for you when he could be employed in the search for Arwen?" The elflings had to concede that they would not, and they sadly retired to their chamber to await the outcome of the search. Late that night, the elflings heard the sound of hoof beats. Anxiously, they crowded the window casement, jostling each other in their eagerness to peer out. A column of horses was riding up to the Hall. At its head rode Elrond, and in his arms he cradled Arwen. Her eyes were closed. "She must be sleeping very soundly," said Elladan hopefully. The three quietly slipped out of their room and made for Arwen's chamber, which was next to their father's. He spared them a slight smile as he carried Arwen into her room. "Go to sleep," he whispered. "How is Arwen?" Elrohir whispered back. "I shall be able to tell you more in the morning," Elrond replied. "Stay well." The three elflings reluctantly returned to their chamber, quite certain that they would be unable to sleep a wink. They were, however, still elflings, and in spite of their fears, sleep at last took them. The next morning, when they awoke their room was filled with sunlight. "It is late," said Anomen. "I wonder why we have been allowed to sleep in." Apprehensively, the elflings leaped from their beds, yanked on their clothes, and ran from the room. The door to Arwen's chamber stood open, and they heard voices. They crept near and peeked in. Arwen was awake but looked very pale. A bandage was wrapped around her head, and her arm bore a splint. Elrond was talking earnestly with Erestor, but when he saw the elflings, he smiled and gestured for them to enter. "So, you have finally awoken. I am glad you have slept so long, for you had little rest last night." "Is Arwen well, Ada?" Elrohir asked anxiously. "Well enough," replied Elrond. "And she will improve," he continued, laying a gentle hand upon her uninjured arm. "She has had a concussion, and her arm is broken, but she has suffered no injuries that will not heal." Despite his optimism, however, Elrond was very nearly wrong. It is true that Arwen's physical injuries, well-tended as they were, healed quickly. She was up and about within a few days. Yet she now wanted nothing to do with horses. When Anomen, eager to do her a kindness, invited her to sit before him on his horse, she shrieked and ran away. Neither Elrohir nor Elladan, nor even Elrond, could persuade her to venture near the stable. Elrond grew troubled. "Do you suppose," he said to Glorfindel, "that she will ever lose this fear of horses?" "She developed a fear of horses; she can develop a trust of horses," replied Glorfindel. "Remember that there are years—centuries!—ahead during which she can recover from the ill-effects of her fall from that stallion. You of all folk know that it is necessary to be patient in a case such as this!" Elrond conceded that Glorfindel was right, and he resolved to be patient. Yet the weeks turned into months, and still Arwen avoided the stable. There were those other than Elrond who were distressed by this fact. Of the household, Anomen was particularly troubled, for, although young, he was old enough to understand that it was Arwen's desire to emulate him that had led her to attempt a steed that was so large and strong. He therefore felt himself responsible for the incident and its outcome. He brooded over this idea and became convinced that he ought to do something to help Arwen recover her love of riding. But what could an elfling do? One night Anomen lay in bed feeling particularly helpless and forlorn. He moved restlessly about and began to think longingly of Roch, the stuffed horse that Edwen Nana had made for him when he had been very young. He wished he could hug that toy as he often had when he felt abandoned by his father. Suddenly he knew what he would do for Arwen. 'I will make her a Roch', he declared to himself. He grew very excited at the thought of Arwen enjoying a toy horse as he once had. 'Perhaps' he thought hopefully, 'if she plays with Roch, she will care less that a horse frightened her'. The next morning he sat impatiently through breakfast and then begged leave of Erestor to come late to lessons at the library. As Anomen was ahead of both Elrohir and Elladan in his studies, Erestor granted his request. Anomen hastened to the chamber that was the domain of the Head Seamstress. He stood timidly at the door. The Head Seamstress sat in great estate, surrounded by her court of maidens, all of whom were bent over their tasks, sewing diligently. At length she noticed Anomen where he stood, and she gestured for him to come forward. "Well, Master Anomen," she smiled, "have you a rent in your tunic needs mending?" "No, Mistress," he said shyly. "I wonder if I might have a bit of cloth—only a little!—and a needle and some thread." She smiled encouragingly at him. "Cloth? What color?" "Brown, if you please. And, if it would be possible, could it be a sort of velvet, so that it will feel like the coat of a horse?" "I have a length of brown velvet left over from a tunic I stitched for Lord Erestor. You may have it. But tell me, is it a horse you mean to sew?" "Yes, Mistress." "Have you ever sewn anything like a horse before?" "No, Mistress." "I will sew it for you, if you like." "No, thank you, Mistress. 'Tis a gift for Arwen. I would like to make it myself." "I understand. But will you let me cut out the necessary pieces and show you how to go about the task?" Anomen considered. He wanted to do something for Arwen, but he also wanted the horse to be a pretty one. "Yes," he said. "I should like that very much." The Seamstress took Anomen into a storeroom and showed him a basket of remnants. The brown velvet was indeed perfect, and Anomen also picked out some black cloth for the hooves. The Seamstress suggested to him that he use brown yarn for the mane and the tail, and Anomen eagerly agreed. Then she showed him a box of buttons, and he found two shiny black ones that would be perfect for eyes. She promised to cut out the pattern straightaway, and Anomen assured her that he would return as soon as possible. The elfling hastened to the library and threw himself so wholeheartedly into his lessons that he was able to complete the ones not only for that day but the next. Then he asked Erestor if he might be excused from lessons altogether on the morrow, and the tutor, after carefully looking over the lad's work, pronounced it superior and said he would indulge him as a reward for his cleverness and hard work. Immediately after breakfast the next morning, Anomen returned to the Seamstress, who showed him that the horse's seams needed to be stitched inside-out. "Then, when you have nearly finished with the seams," she explained, "you will turn the horse right-side-out. The rough edges will be hidden, and your horse will look quite elegant. Have a care to leave enough of one seam unstitched so that you can pull the horse right-side-out through the gap. Also, it is through the unstitched portion that you