Harry Potter strolled through the muddy pathway from Hogsmeade to Hogwarts' grounds. The mud splashed under his boots and the rain fell on his stubborn black hair and glasses. He cursed the weather loudly, but there was no-one around to hear his curse. The towers of the castle appeared from the distance and Harry could finally see his destination. The wind blew and cold breeze caressed Harry's legs through his blue jeans and gray hooded sweatshirt. He shivered once more, and crossed the meadow, so he finally reached the Quidditch pitch. He saw Madame Hooch teach some first year students flying, some of them were in the air, but most had trouble getting off the ground. He smiled at the memory of his first flying lesson, which ended with him joining the Gryffindor Quiddich team. Soaked and muddy, he entered Hogwarts. The castle looked pretty much the same as the last time he had been there late last summer. Some lost young students ran past him as he walked through the familiar hallways, passed the same portraits and the doors which led to the Great Hall. He wandered on the ground floor, not certain where to head next, when professor McGonagall rushed past him. "Good day, mister Potter," she said. "Professor," Harry replied. McGonagall stopped abruptly and turned to Harry. "Potter?" she asked. "Yes, professor," he replied. "What are you doing here?" McGonagall asked and looked at Harry over her square spectacles. "You're not here on official business, are you?" she asked fearfully. "No, the ministry didn't send me," Harry said quickly. "Oh," McGonagall said with relief. There had been an incident right after the start of new schoolyear, when Aurors flooded the Hogwarts because they received threat of previously unknown Death Eater on the grounds. Though came out the information was false, it brought fear to most school habitants. "Then what brings you here?" she asked. "Um… Visiting a friend," Harry mumbled, somehow McGonagall had a way of making him still feel uncomfortable and small. "Is she expecting you?" McGonagall asked. Harry shook his head nervously. "Actually I was wondering where could I find…" Harry started, but McGonagall raised her hand and Harry stopped. "Follow me," she asked and started walking towards the Transfiguration classrooms with Harry following her. "I never said, who I was looking for," Harry said while they were midway to their destination. "Isn't it obvious?" McGonagall asked. "I can't imagine you appearing here unexpectedly without any warning for anyone other than miss Granger," she explained. Harry smiled, yeah, he had decided to use his free time to visit Hermione. "We didn't manage to find a new transfiguration teacher, so I have to continue teaching as well as managing the school. Miss Granger's return was a blessing, I left seventh year students transforming themselves so they wouldn't be recognizable. Miss Granger managed to disguise herself on the first attempt without doing any damage, so I left her in charge while I took care of some Hogwarts' business," McGonagall explained. Harry chuckled, he remembered how she transformed Ron, when they broke into Gringotts. "She is good in transfiguration," Harry agreed. "But, why are you not in your Auror training?" McGonagall asked. "We were practicing muggle behavior today, but since I grew up with muggles, I know how to use electricity and melt into the mass," Harry explained. McGonagall accepted his explanation and they continued walking in silence. Finally, they reached transfiguration classroom and Harry entered behind McGonagall. The room was filled with students standing in front of mirror and changing their appearance. Harry noticed a ginger haired witch at the far corner and he knew it was Ginny even if she didn't resemble the Ginny he knew. He heard her first than saw, but he'd recognize Hermione's voice from anywhere. Harry turned to his left, to see a tall black haired wizard trying to repair green eyebrows of another student. He neared them, but she didn't notice his arrival. "Maybe you should try fixing yourself, you usually look much nicer," Harry commented. Hermione stopped mid-sentence and looked the source of the voice, finally seeing Harry there. "Harry," she exclaimed and smiled. Harry already anticipated Hermione's next move and welcomed her with open arms, when she threw herself at him to give him one of her usual bone crushing hugs. "I had to see you," he whispered. "I missed you too," she replied. He released Hermione and took a good look at her. Her brown hair and eyebrows were black, her nose was much smaller and her lips were thicker. "I like regular Hermione better," he commented after inspecting her appearance. "Me too," she agreed. "Give me a moment, you can talk to Ginny, she's…" Hermione started. "I know where she is, but I don't think it's the best idea right now," Harry interrupted. Hermione nodded. "I'll be back in a moment," she said. Hermione left and went to talk with professor McGonagall, who then got the attention of the class and made her a perfect example once again, then turned back to teaching other students. Hermione instead grabbed her bag and books from her table and joined Harry. "I'm free," Hermione announced. "So can you be regular Hermione again?" Harry asked. Hermione smiled and cast a silent spell to restore her regular appearance – her nose and lips took their regular shape, her hair and eyebrows turned back into brown and she looked like the Hermione Harry had known for years. Harry held the door open for her and then the left the classroom. He caught Ginny's eyes on the doorway, but then he closed the door and left. "I see they made you a head girl," Harry commented, when he noticed her badge. "Yeah, McGonagall notified me a few days before I got back," Hermione said. "Couldn't imagine anyone else in that role actually," Harry said. "Thanks," Hermione said and blushed slightly. "What brings you here?" she asked. Harry shrugged his shoulders, "You, I guess," he replied. "You have more lessons today?" he asked. Hermione shook her head. "Let's go to Gryffindor's tower, I wanna drop off my things," Hermione said. Harry nod and they headed towards the tower. "How's your auror training going?" she asked. Harry smiled. "I'm one of the best. Kingsley let me go early today, because I could act like a muggle with no problems," he boasted. "I'd be disappointed if you failed. How are Ron and Neville doing?" she asked. "Both are good. We went out just a few nights before, when Luna decided to stop writing with Neville. He was heartbroken," Harry said. "I heard. You know, Luna is a good friend and I need new best friends since neither you nor Ron came back," Hermione said with slight blame. "Well, maybe this year we won't drag you into trouble," Harry joked. Hermione agreed. They reached the Fat Lady's portrait. "Felix felicis," Hermione said and the secret door to the common room opened. The common room was empty, so Harry took a seat on the couch by the fireplace, while Hermione went to the girls' dormitory, where Harry was not allowed as he found out the hard way with Ron. She reappeared moments later and took a seat beside Harry. "It's weird not seeing you every day," Harry confessed. "It's odd without you and Ronald here too," Hermione added. "Have you spoken to Ron at all?" Harry asked. "I've sent him a few letters, but he hasn't replied. Is he pissed at you too?" she asked. "At first, but he seems to be okay with me. Though he always shuts down and leaves, when someone mentions you," Harry said. Hermione winced, the guilt for handling the situation as she did was hitting her hard. "I guess it wasn't meant to be," she decided bravely. After all she had spent years pining for him and she did kiss him during the Final Battle, knowing she might be dead at any moment and at that moment all she wanted to do was kiss Ron. "I bet there are more than enough guys throwing themselves at you," Harry commented. Hermione smiled. "I usually just avoid them," she said. "All they wanna know is how the war changed me, about the scars and the fears I had. Things I want to forget seem to fascinate them." Harry looked at the time and noticed that the classes were soon ending and the common room would be crowded once again. "How about we go somewhere else? I really don't fancy being asked questions and treated like a hero," Harry said nervously. "Yeah, sure," she agreed. "I could use the escape as well." They got up and left the Gryffindor tower altogether, they were passed by younger students, who returned to the common room, but luckily none of them took any notice of Harry. "Where should we go?" Hermione asked. "I'd say taking a walk on the grounds is out of question," Harry replied, noting the pouring rain and muddy ground outside. "How about we go to Astronomy tower, it's usually rather quiet," Hermione suggested. Harry nodded and they changed their direction to get to the Astronomy tower. They climbed the stairs until they finally reached the top tower, where they could look the Hogwarts' grounds and the surrounding terrain. "It used to be locked, but after reconstructions, they must have forgotten to make sure students don't come here. I don't know if others know it's open," Hermione spoke. "You come here often," Harry asked, though it sounded more like a statement. "Yeah, how'd you know?" she asked curiously. "Marauder's map. I guess it's a habit to spend my nights watching it," Harry explained, he did his best to sound casual and not creepy. "Of course," Hermione mumbled, of course she remembered the nights Harry sat in tent or keeping watch with the map in front of him, looking for Ginny there. It was only logical he'd continue the habit, and perhaps occasionally came across her name as well. "Your fame is now also on me. Mostly people want to know about you, Ron and Neville, about me and Ginny," Hermione said. "What is Harry Potter doing next? Is his scar still hurting? Does he have nightmares? Are you dating famous Harry Potter? Why is Harry Potter hiding from the media? Is Longbottom really an Auror? How Weasleys cope with the death of Fred?" Hermione mimicked the questions she was asked almost daily. "Ginny gets them too, but she usually just walks away," Hermione added. "Is she mad at me?" Harry asked bravely. Hermione leaned on the railing and looked around, her eyes settling on the lake. "I don't think so. She's annoyed, but not mad. I think she gets why you had to keep your distance and didn't contact her. Though I'm not entirely sure if she still wants to marry you," Hermione spoke. "Good, it's better than I expected," he said with relief. Harry stood beside Hermione, he too looked over the grounds he knew so well. The wind messed with their hair and the rain poured down on them, so Harry looked for safety behind Hermione, where he chose to stay. His hands were on the railing on both sides of her, in a way offering her protection like he had for years, especially the last year. Though the protection was no longer needed, at least not in Hogwarts. "There's something you should know about Ginny," Hermione said heavily. "Is she okay?" Harry asked with concern. "She's not hurt or anything, but she has been spending a lot time around Dean. I don't know if they're just friends or dating or something, but they are rather close. Seems like they're spending almost every free moment together," Hermione said. "Oh," Harry said in surprise. "I guess I couldn't ask her to wait forever for me." "Do you feel the same about her? Do you still wanna marry her?" she asked. "I don't know," he replied.