I'd never thought I'd move to London. The bustling city center had my senses turned away for years, the thought of moving into a town with such a busy night life, and enough atmosphere to power a city every night really threw me off, but after much negotiation and talking myself up, I decided I needed a change of scenery. I'd previously lived in a small town North of Chester, where I'd grown up with my two younger sisters, who were now either married or living up the high life in Santa Monica. As soon as I had turned 23, I had moved out of home and found myself searching for apartments in London, my fingers crossed that I might stumble upon one close to the underground. Luckily, I'd found a not-so-shabby looking home around 15 minutes walk from the nearest station, which didn't absolutely kill my salary and had a nice view of the London skyline. "That's everything!" I announced, clapping my hands together as I dropped the last box into my half made up bedroom. I'd spent a few days slowly unpacking and moving boxes up to the fourth floor apartment on 15 Jennings Avenue, London. There seemed to be more than I remembered, but nevertheless I'd moved them all up, with the help of my best friend Scarlett Barese. "You have a lot of stuff for someone your age," Madge puffed, falling backwards onto my queen sized bed, now made up with the thousands of pillows and blankets that I'd collected, "are you sure you're not a hoarder?" I scoffed, landing myself onto the antique armchair, given to me by my parents as a housewarming gift, "Says you, the one with around 20 different tea cups." "They're pretty!" "You don't even like tea!" I replied, and Madge rolled her eyes, "I think we need a drink, to break in the apartment." "Katniss Everdeen, I would never have picked you as a morning drinker!" Madge said, pushing herself up from the bed and drumming her fingers against her now crossed arms. I poked my tongue out at her, moving from the bedroom and into the living area, which consisted of the comfiest couch I'd ever sat on, a decently sized television, a plush rug Madge had insisted I buy, "It'll bring out the sazzy-ness of your taste!", assorted pictures of my friends and family which were hoisted up onto the walls with a nail and hammer, a kitchen bench matched with an island, with a fridge and stove, a sink in tow and a dishwasher, which I had bought at vast expense. Well, it was either that or a coffee machine. I heaved one of the cardboard boxes onto the kitchen bench, plunging my hand into the packing-popcorn and pulling out two tea-cups, muttering, "These will have to do for now." "Lucky you bought that champagne last night otherwise we would've been drinking that God awful cask wine that Johanna is obsessed with." She grabbed one of the glasses from my hand and walked towards the fridge, pulling out the chilled bottle of cheap champagne she seemed to love so much. "If you break any of my windows, you're splashing out, not me." I warned her, pulling open the window beside the fridge, "Just shoot it out there." She smiled, unwrapping the cover of the cork and placing her thumb underneath the cork, "quick, stick your cup underneath so we don't lose any." I chuckled at her attitude and placed my cup underneath the nozzle of the bottle, "come on then, off with it." "Alright. Drum roll please... Katniss Everdeen, your apartment is officially bro-" A knock on the door interrupted Madge's monologue, and I put the cup down on the bench, walking over to the frighteningly dreadful yellow door. I found myself cursing under my breath, exited to finally take a drink since it'd taken days to move into this apartment. "Oh." I breathed, once the door was wrenched open to reveal a strikingly handsome man, a tool belt slung around his waist, and a satchel in the other. His gold-flecked blue eyes sparkled at me; a few blonde curls fell from his head, which he pushed back and up across his forehead, as he smiled at me, a single dimple forming on his rosy cheek. "Katniss Everdeen? I'm the renovator you called last week," He spoke, his voice deep and welcoming, making my heartbeat soar, "Peeta." My mind instantly thought back to the rushed phone call I'd made whilst hopping out the door of my old shared apartment, my mobile threatening to fall from between my shoulder and ear as I shoved the last few bags into my Volkswagen. "Of course, Peeta Mellark, am I right?" I offered in recognition, bewildered that I'd snagged such a gorgeous man and he nodded, "Come in, I've just finished bringing everything in." He picked up the toolbox from beside his foot with his chiseled strong arms and sauntered into my living room, placing the box beside the front door, resting his satchel on top. "Hiiiiiiii, I'm Madge, Katniss' best friend!" Madge giggled, who'd made her way across the room, champagne bottle in hand in under 2 seconds, "It's lovely to meet you." He accepted her handshake, "Peeta." I could practically hear her dirty thoughts circling through her mind at this current moment, and trust me; Madge never had dirty thoughts, "We were just about to break in the apartment with a bottle of champagne, would you care to join us?" I internally groaned at Madge's offer, worried about what horrifying phrases she might use to impress him, and quickly interrupted, "Maybe we should break it in tonight," I hinted, "and I'll shout for pizza." It took Madge a good 20 seconds, yet she still didn't seem to understand that I was trying to get her to leave so I could begin on discussing the renovation plans. "You know, maybe at around 6?" I pushed, my eyebrows rising a centimetre, taking the bottle from her hands and pushing her towards her bag, which was perched on one of the stools I had picked out at IKEA to rest underneath the island, "and you've got that meeting in an hour, so you have to get ready!" It seemed after almost 10 minutes that Madge then seemed to understand my insistence, "Oh, yes! The meeting, I'll have to be off then, nice to meet you Peeta!" And with that she marched straight out the door, bag in hand, throwing a not-so-discreet a wink at me and slamming it behind her dramatically. And cue the awkward pause. "Sorry about that, she's a bit…" I trailed off for lack of a better word. "Extravagant?" Peeta proposed and I nodded, "it's one of my favorite words." I raised my eyebrows, thankful that the awkwardness had vanished, "what an exciting word!" I could really use a punch in the face right about now. He chuckled at that and pulled out a notepad from the back pocket of his washed down jeans, flecked with white paint, "So, what do you need me to do?" I clicked onto my plans in my head, "Right, so I'm thinking…" The first week Peeta had been working throughout the apartment seemed easy, he wasn't a complete nuisance and worked quietly to himself, humming an endless tune with a husky voice, which lulled the silence of the apartment. On Saturday afternoon, Peeta had insisted he continued working, even though I had pushed that he take the afternoon off, having spent the whole week - even late nights - working on the benches and fixing the leaky tap in the bathroom. After searching, I'd found the London library, signing up for a borrowers card and had found a few books to read in the spare time, including The Great Gatsby, one of my all time favorites. I sat, curled up against the sofa with a blanket as the rain continued to pour outside, as it had all morning. (see: all week). I was nearing the first encounter between Daisy and Jay, which always made my heart flutter at the tension between the two. I heard Peeta enter the room, and as usual he was just grabbing a drink from the tap or washing his hands. It was easy. I didn't worry about him awkwardly making conversation or hanging around me whilst I went around my business. It was easy. I glanced up at him, and our eyes met as he gulped down the water from one of my glasses. As he lowered the glass, his lips turned up in a delightful smile, which I couldn't help but return. His lips seemed like the perfect lips. I was already imagining myself attached to them. My hands pushed through his blonde locks as his strong hands held onto my hips, pushing me against the wall with haste. He turned and walked back into my bedroom, as he was currently fixing a shelf above my bed for magazines and books. And as I returned back to the book, my attention was wandering to the blonde God tending to my shelf. On the second week of Peeta's renovating, I'd woken up with a start as I heard his hammer connect with the wall of the hallway. I groaned as I glanced at the alarm clock, which notified me that it had passed 9:30, and to be honest, I was gagging for a cup of coffee. I'd got in late last night, Madge insisting on taking me to the newest club that had opened in the city, and she was absolutely beside herself with excitement as her boyfriend had managed to get us V.I.P tickets. I yawned, the craving for coffee growing as I felt myself swallow. I grabbed the glass of water from my bedside table, taking a sip hastily before coaching myself out of bed. As a housewarming gift, Scarlett had splashed out and bought me a Nespresso machine, because she knew how much I'd wanted one, and had managed to bully our friend group into chipping in. I'd loved it as if it was one of my own. I bullied myself into standing up, rubbing my eyes as I shuffled to the door, pulling it open and stepping out into the hallway. "Careful, there's nails lying around, I haven't picked them up yet," Peeta warned, taking a few steps towards me as I stopped in my tracks, "Hold on." He took another step towards me and bent down, one hand hovering behind my knee and the other just above my waist, "Do you mind?" I shook my head and he whisked my feet out from under me, catching me effortlessly with his other arm and stepping out into the kitchen with me in his embrace. I locked my arms around his neck, which was warm and welcoming, and my hands seemed to fit there, curled around his neck and his arms carrying me as though I was a sack of flour. He pulled out one of the stools with his foot and placed me down carefully onto it as I detached my arms from around his neck. My cheeks seemed to be constantly flaming when I was around him. I found my eyes gazing into his as he moved his arms away from me. "Thanks." I mumbled and he grinned, this dimple emerging on his cheek the way that I had grown to love. "I don't want my boss getting nails in her foot now, do I?" He mocked shock and I giggled, "the pleasures all mine." He strolled back to the hallway and I let my eyes trail after him, watching the muscles in his back - which were visible through his tank top - move with the way he walked. I nearly fell from the stool as my body leaned to get a better view. I hopped from the stool, and around the island, flicking on the switch the Nespresso machine and leaning