Hey! Had this idea going through my head for awhile and figured I would post something here. Not sure if this is good or not but tell me what you think. I don't own anything. Harry Potter is purely J.K. Rowling and I don't own DC either. Harry Potter/DC crossover Danielle was exhausted. She had been on her own for a week and was starting to lose her nerve. The Dursleys had abandoned her out in the middle of Metropolis when they had gone for a business meeting/vacation. Apparently, when Vernon found out that the meeting with Lex Luthor fell through, he needed something to take his anger out on. Just too bad that was his niece. Berating her that it had been her fault that Lexcorp and Grunnings couldn't come to an understanding, he smacked her around a bit before leaving her barely conscious form in the closest park. Waking up, she realized that their flight back to Britain had left hours ago and she was on her own. Something that was both a blessing and a curse, as she had been mostly on her own from the beginning. She had taken some money from the Dursleys when she knew they hadn't been looking but now that was gone. Sighing, she trudged through the alleyway she had taken up residence to see if she could take something to eat. She didn't like stealing but what other choice was there? She was seven for goodness sake! It's not like she could have found a job or whatever for money. Not finding anything nearby, she tried uptown for better scrounging. Walking the streets, she passed a newsstand that said that there was some new superhero in town that was starting to save people. He apparently went by Superman. Shrugging, not believing in everything she read in a paper, she kept walking. Passing some building called 'The Daily Planet' she found some guy that looked like a total pushover. He was wearing a simple business suit and glasses and carrying a briefcase. He looked pretty buff actually but his demeanor just screamed naïve and stupid. Smirking slightly, she passed him without looking at him, carefully snatching the guy's wallet as they passed. She had gotten pretty good at pickpocketing out of necessity and she hadn't been caught yet. Unknown to her, it was because her hand moved so fast that no one actually saw it happen. "Hey!" Busted, knowing that the business guy somehow knew it was her, she ran for it. Breathing heavily, she was running as fast as she could, which was actually so fast that everything was blurring around her. Looking back, she saw that he was somehow running as fast as she was. How was that possible? Ducking into an alley, she made a few random turns and wound up completely lost with no clue where she was. The business man was nowhere in sight so that was a plus. Sighing in relief, she was about to try to figure out how to get back 'home' when she realized she had accidently walked into gang territory. The walls were covered in graffiti and loud rock music could be heard now that she wasn't in full fight or flight mode. She took a step back when several gang members, all wearing baggy jeans, baseball caps, and t-shirts made an appearance from behind old cars or trashcans. They also were holding various weapons like guns, chains, bats, and a few broken pipes. "Well, well," said one of the gang members, probably the leader, as he walked toward her. "What do we have here? A little runaway? A spy from that gang downtown? What should we do with her boys?" He was a large guy maybe in his late teens or early twenties. He was holding a knife that he was spinning in his palm, obviously knowing how to use it. "I, I just got lost," said Danielle, trying to back out of the alleyway. "I'll leave and-" "I don't think so," said one of the other members, holding a bat. "J.C., you know that Tony is trying to take over and sending a rat is just like him." He moved closer to Danielle, smacking the bat into his palm threateningly. Danielle was terrified and couldn't move. Breathing heavily, she figured this would be where she would die. She couldn't possibly be able to fight off all these guys at once and they were blocking all the exits. "I think you should leave her alone." The voice that said that was coming from above them. Looking up, she and the gang members saw a man dressed in blue tights, a red cape and a red and yellow shield emblem on his chest with an S on it. He was tall, about 6' 4", with short dark hair. He was hovering about ten feet off the ground before he landed, giving everyone except Danielle a death glare. "Who's this flying freak?" asked one guy holding a chain. "Whatever, I'm sure we can take him." He swung out the chain in an attempt to attack but the man just grabbed the chain and used it bring the guy closer to him. "Son, you don't want to do that." He threw him aside but it was clear he could have thrown the gang member through a brick wall if he wanted to. "Nobody disses my crew," said the leader, holding his gun. "Get him!" It was a pretty one sided fight as none of their weapons worked on the flying man. He either let the bats break on his chest, burned the pipes with beams of heat from his eyes, or just avoided everything. Danielle saw this as her chance to escape. Moving over to a now free exit, she moved to make a break for it. The leader apparently saw her however and leveled his gun while the others were distracted. With a bang and a well placed shot, Danielle yelled out when she felt the bullet hit her in the leg. Not enough to kill her but it should have impeded her from leaving. Instead, she was stunned when the bullet shattered when it hit her skin. She was completely fine. The shock of everything over the last week and this fight was too much for her and she slumped to the ground, completely unconscious. The superhero saw Danielle shot and decided to make this quick. Taking out the rest of the gang members by knocking them out, he hurried over to the red haired girl that had passed out. He was just as surprised as Danielle had been when he didn't see any blood and that the bullet had broken against her. Concerned, he scooped her up, finding her surprisingly light, even for him, and flew off, taking her to the one place he knew of that might hold answers. XXXXXX In a crystal fortress far off in the arctic, Superman lied the red haired girl that had tried to pickpocket him as Clark Kent on a bed. He was completely confused about how this seemingly ordinary girl had stopped a bullet and had only fainted from shock. He had only been Superman for a short time, about six months, and so far he had only run into common street thugs in Metropolis so far. He had honestly fought more powerful forces back in his childhood home of Smallville Kansas. Maybe it was the tights or the cape? The last surviving son of Krypton, he had dedicated his life to try to help people with his powers. Born Kal-El of Krypton but raised Clark Kent, mild mannered reporter for the Daily Planet, he had the perfect opportunity to learn of disasters as they were happening so he could go off to save the day. He had just finished a hard day of work with his coworker Lois Lane and was coming out of the building as Clark Kent when he felt a hand take his wallet as he was passing a red haired girl. If it wasn't for the fact he was Kryptonian, he wouldn't have felt it as she was apparently that good. Chasing after her more for information than anything else, he was surprised when she ran off with super speed. Figuring it was the Wally West thing all over again, he chased after her only for him to lose her. Changing into his Superman outfit that he wore under his regular clothes, he found her being threatened by those street goons. Now, he was more curious than anything else as he wondered who she was. "Computer, scan the person on the bed for any super abilities." A green light from the fortress scanned the young girl from head to toe, trying to find anything different about her than a normal human. After a moment the green light faded and Superman turned to the fortress. "Anything?" A few more moments passed before the fortress replied. "Subject is seven years old at a height of 3' 7" and 70 lbs. Found traces of malnourishment that has gone on for years but has not been life threatening until seven days ago. Physical abuse detected from various old injuries that has not been healed properly. Increased need for nourishment activated buried old Kryptonian bloodline." "Kryptonian bloodline? She's descended from a Kryptonian?" "Working…done. Subject comes from the Kryptonian Pev-Rell, a scientist who lived on Krypton before migrating to Earth when she was banished by the Kryptonian council a thousand years ago." "Why was she banished?" "Pev-Rell was banished for studying magic, which the council outlawed as it interfered with science and technology, which they felt was more important. Pev-Rell discovered super abilities on Earth in addition to magic and had three sons. Subject is descended from the youngest brother." Superman thought about everything the computer told him. This girl was somewhat Kryptonian and needed training on how to use her powers. But he had no idea who to go to if she did indeed have magic as well. "What is her name?" "Cannot be determined." "Guess I'll have to ask her myself," he sighed. While he was good with the public in general so far, he really didn't know how to deal with children. He had an idea of what to do with her though but she would have to agree to it and he had no idea how she would take it. "How long until she wakes?" "Right now," muttered the girl before the computer could. Clutching her head in pain, she didn't know what was going on and wasn't taking any chances. Slowly opening her eyes, she looked around and saw that she was surrounded by a huge crystal room. The man from before also there but he was sitting down next to her, looking at her curiously. "What's going on?" Superman took in a deep breath. "First, I would like to introduce myself. I'm Superman, but my real name is Clark Kent, the guy you tried to pickpocket earlier today." The red head didn't seem remorseful or anything. "I take it you want your wallet back. Fine. I don't care anymore." She pulled out the item and threw it over her shoulder and onto the floor before slumping down on the bed, eyes closed. "Anything wrong?" The girl looked at him and his heart almost broke at the look in her eyes. They looked broken, like she really didn't care about her life anymore. "Anything wrong," she muttered. "I have no family, no friends, no one that cares about me at all. I could die right now and no one would lift a finger or morn for a second. Why do you even care?" Superman was deeply disturbed by what she said but he wasn't giving her up just because she had. "No family at all?" She sighed. "None that care for me. I was raised by my aunt and uncle but they abandoned me in the streets for me