Title: Contagion Author: Pentangle Rating: K Characters: Aragorn, others Summary: A little sight-seeing. A/N Aragorn, aprox. 20 years old, has traveled with the rangers and his brothers on a few trips, but has stayed to the north and west of Rivendell. He knows who he is and what his destiny is to be. /thoughts/ xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx CONTAGION xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx He burned. Glorfindel sat late in the Hall of Fire, telling of the crossing of the Grinding Ice. The family listened, entranced, all shivering with empathic cold. All but one. He watched Glorfindel intently and he burned. A week later in the Council Chamber, traders spoke of the long and arduous journeys they had endured to bring the desired healing herbs from far-way lands. They spoke to gain acceptance of their outrageous prices and most of their audience heard them with skepticism. All save one. That one listened with painful intensity, and ai! how he burned! Erestor watched the young man tracing with his finger across the map. His fingertip was far from the border of Imladris—the place where Erestor had directed his attention. The advisor coughed slightly and the silver eyes jerked to meet his own. "Sorry," came a whisper and the finger returned to the proper place. But Erestor had seen. Had seen the fire that glittered feverishly and knew what burned within his former pupil. At day's end he gathered with the four elves most closely concerned with the man and told them Estel could no longer be held; that he would be gone before a month was out. There were cries of disbelief, discussions of strategies to forbid, and other expressions of concern. One of the elves, the lord of the hidden valley, listened dispassionately for over an hour and then said, voice bleaker than the summit of the Misty Mountains in winter, "All this is to no purpose. He will go." For three weeks the man wrote letters. Long letters written with a careful script and much thought. He wrote them at night when he was certain he would be undisturbed. There were six of them, one each to Elrond, Elrohir, Elladan, Glorfindel, Erestor, and the Prince of Mirkwood. He poured into them the feelings that he simply could not speak in the light of Anor, or face to face. He wrote of gratitude and love, little knowing these letters would be kept and cherished, both here in Imladris and in a far away fabled place, lost in the mists of the West. When the letters were finished they were laid upon his bed, which was uncharacteristically carefully made. Then he slipped from his balcony into the night and soon retrieved a heavy pack and weapons from the tree where they had been hidden. He continued on and disappeared from the world of elves for two years, and no trace of him could be found, even by those whose eyes were keen and well accustomed to tracking those who wished to pass unseen. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The man spent nearly a year in Rohan. His accent was a problem in the beginning, but since most folk had never traveled more than a few leagues from the place of their birth, he merely pointed vaguely in some random direction and they shrugged and accepted. He studied their speech carefully, and quickly acquired the ability to sound like a native wherever he went. At first he traveled alone, but he soon found that no one took much note of a youngster who had barely broken his wisdoms so he began to look about him for company. He traveled for some months with a horse coper. He had been camped alone when a storm had sent several horses running past him. The next day he caught them and found the distraught trader to whom they belonged. The grizzled, bow-legged Rohirrim was impressed with his ability to handle horseflesh and with the pleasantness of having a young, strong body to help with the endless labor of his profession. The situation was ideal for the young man, as he now had a native to vouch for him as well as a knowledgeable guide who seemed to like nothing so much as ceaseless journeys up and down the length of Rohan. The man, whose name was Aragorn though he did not use it in his travels, loved Rohan with its wide open plains, restless winds, and starry nights that took the breath away. In Imladris it was never possible to see the entire sky at once, but in Rohan Aragorn gazed endlessly and felt both insignificantly small and free as never before. He loved the plains in summer when the wind moved across the tall grasses with soft, sighing susurrations. He loved them in spring when the first tinge of green lay like a haze on the horizon and wildflowers carpeted the land. He loved them in the fall when the frequent late afternoon thunderstorms appeared as if from nowhere, the clouds building from tiny white specks to billowing towers in an hour or two. The lightning flashed in jagged stripes, the field of vision so wide that many strikes could be seen at once. The rains fell hard and briefly, giving ease to the parched earth, and to the horses one last feast before the hardship of winter was upon them. He even loved Rohan in winter, though he grieved for the weak and sick of man and beast that succumbed to its hardships. He had never seen this in Rivendell, where a smaller population and greater resources ensured that all were cared for. He loved Rohan and for many months the fire within him was banked to gently glowing embers as he drank in her sights, her sounds, and learned of her people. But by then he had been up and down, back and forth, and his gaze began to turn more and more to the southern sky. The coals of the fire within revived and he burned again. So he bid his trader friend farewell, and continued in a southerly direction. Rohan had been good to him; he had gained a friend, much knowledge, and a full purse. On the heights of the White Mountains he turned and looked northward. A longing sadness took him as the faces of those he most loved filled his mind. He hesitated, one foot just clear of the ground, and nearly turned in that direction. But as if in anger the fire licked higher, searing the longing from him and he turned south again. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx In Gondor, Aragorn felt much more apprehensive. He listened to his instincts as he had been taught to do, and kept himself from the main roads and towns. He hired on here and there for a day or two as a laborer, but in the main he traveled faster and with greater stealth than he had in Rohan. In Rohan he had felt a wayfarer; in Gondor he was a scout. One day in early spring, Aragorn sat on the crest of a hill, his knees pulled up with his arms tight around them to fend off the chill of the pre-dawn darkness. Earendil still sailed the heavens, though he was fast approaching his harbor. The hill he had chosen overlooked the walls of a great city. He had been told that his dawn vigil would be worth the hike and the loss of precious sleep. As the darkness began to lighten, and the faintest pink showed on the horizon, the walls of the city become more distinct. They turned from a soft grey to the same pink that showed in the east. As the sun approached the horizon, the pink darkened to salmon and coral, though the colors were soft and muted. Then the sun showed a yellow crescent and its rays struck full on the walls of Minas Tirith. The colors flared to brilliant coruscating gold, yellow, copper, and crimson. The man slowly rose to his feet, breath stolen away by the sight. He stood absolutely still until the city was white again. Now that Minas Titith, while still beautiful, was again simply a human habitation rather than an aesthetic phenomenon, Aragorn looked upon the city with trepidation. This was his city, its people were his people, but he had no sense of it yet; he felt no connection with this brooding land that lay always in the shadow of darkness. He felt no affection here as he did for Rohan and her people. He knew a twinge of guilt that he should feel so, but then drew in a deep, shuddering breath and released it forcefully with relief. He need not tarry; it was not yet time to begin to learn what he must to rule this land, though he sensed he would return someday to do just that. He started back to his hidden camp, laughing at himself. His assumptions were astronomical in size, scope, and hubris—for indeed the stars themselves would need to form new patterns if the exiled heir of Isildur was ever to assume his throne. Next Aragorn flirted along the border of Mordor for a month or so since he was, after all, a young man with a healthy love of adventure spiced with danger. Even so, he was no fool, so he flirted only, taking care to keep himself from the notice of forces he was well-aware he was unprepared to face. Standing on the southernmost ridge of the Mountains of Shadow, he hesitated again before choosing his path. The tug on his heart was much stronger now, and his gaze northward lasted for many minutes. Although he had already decided he must see a desert before he started for home, the first five days of his journey toward Haradwaith were torn with indecision and he nearly turned back time and again. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx As the power of the sun beating upon him increased day by day, thoughts of a cool, green valley and its inhabitants faded. There had been many new things to see in Rohan, and even more in the more southerly Gondor, but now his senses were assailed by scents, sounds, and sights undreamt of even in fevered dreams. He gazed upon land without a blade of grass to be seen, covered instead with small brushy plants well provided with thorns. Even in early summer, they resembled the winter killed weeds along the roadsides of his home. His water skin, even when carefully rationed, became soft and flat and apprehension prickled along with sweat on Aragorn's skin. He had known that there would be little water here. He had known his camps and the distances he could travel daily would depend on finding the life-giving fluid. What he had not considered was that every water source would be a center of habitation. There was water to be had, at lengthy intervals, but each site was a village or trade route resting place. Aragorn had determined he would have little contact with the Haradrim, so he was forced to wait until the deep of night to creep to the village wells. There he filled his waterskin and the journey of exploration continued. As Aragorn moved farther south, even the scrubby vegetation vanished until, as he climbed a lone hill to gain a better vantage point, a vast golden expanse spread before his eyes. The sunlight shimmered in silver waves upon the ground, looking for all the world like large, smooth sheets of water. The very air vibrated with heat and Aragorn began to search for a place to spend the hottest hours of the day. For some time now he had been traveling by night and early morning, both to avoid the heat of the day and to be safer from discovery. He saw a shadow off in the distance and hoped it would provide what he sought. As he approached closer and closer he became aware the shadow was plant-life of some sort and he began to have hopes of finding