Title: In the Shadows I Wait Rating: K Summary: A fantasy set in Middle-earth xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx I have been waiting a long time. Waiting here in my place—in the corner, in the dark. The others live in the open, with the greatest of us surrounded by tapestries, torch brackets, and framed parchments carefully lettered by masters of the art. I find it ironic that I, the only one beset by restlessness, am the one most hidden from those who might end my boredom. The others sleep, dreaming of their days of glory. Are you surprised to find that they sleep? That I am wakeful? No doubt you think that we are mere minerals, forged into useful objects sorely needed by those who would defend home and hearth, kith and kin. But we have spirits, of a kind. Now you are certain I jest; that I am some strange chimera devised by your reverie. It is true, nonetheless, however you may disbelieve. Have you never noticed how warriors mourn over the loss of a favored blade? There are many wives who would be happy to be missed so grievously! Or have you never heard one of our great paladins say, "I knew it was mine—it just leaped into my hand, the hilt fitting like it was made for me alone." We do indeed have our own preferences, for who has never heard this in the yard: "The damn thing turns in my hand just when I need to bear down on it!" Oh yes, we have a life of our own, though it is not as your life. We do not communicate with each other, nor are we aware of the greater world around us, though we know it exists. But we know of singing—the high keening of death dealing—and we know of sun glancing along our edges when held aloft before a charge. We know the acid burn of blood left to dry. We know the gritty caress of polish, and the salt tang of sweat. And above all, we know our master's hand. That is one reason the others choose to dream of times past. For in this, great and small, fabled or humble, those of us here are the same. We are not needed now. We are forsaken. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The door to our great room is open today, and I am somehow aware of this, and aware of the pathetically few elves that pass. Once, in days gone by, the halls of this place teemed with elves, and even men and dwarves. Now there is only one man here. He comes often to our twilight gloom, usually with at least one elf. They tell him stories of my companions on these walls, and he is eager to hear them. "What of that one, Ada? The one with the red and gold hilt; the blade seems to flicker in the torchlight somehow." "Ah, that one. That is a fine blade, indeed. We all carried swords of that type at Eregion." "Why is the grip so long and curved? And there is no crossguard." "Swords like that are still used in Lorien. You hold it like this, and do not chop and parry, but spin and sweep, putting one hand close to the blade and the other next the pommel. You use the hand on the pommel for leverage to…er…" The stately elf that had begun to fight an imaginary foe with slow, graceful gestures, suddenly stopped and looked a little uncomfortable. "Leverage to what?" "Well, as you make…contact…you use leverage to –" The elf stalled, unable to find sufficiently innocuous words to describe the purpose of the long grip. His companion's eyes had widened with realization, and the boy had no such scruples as he said with relish, "To spill your enemy's guts onto the floor!" The Lord of Imladris blinked. He gave one of his soft, dry coughs. "As you say." The boy stretched his coltish body to get a closer look at the blade fastened to the wall, impatiently pushing back the dark hair that flopped over one eye. "Why is the blade glimmering like that?" "That sword was given to me when I was made commander at Eregion. It was in token of my rank and family. Those long, swirling lines that glimmer in the torchlight are tiny chips of gems, embedded like enamel in the steel. I only actually used it in battle a few times; it was mostly ceremonial." The boy gazed another long moment at the sword with its curved, red hilt that was enwrapped with a vine design in gold to prevent slipping in the hand. Then he shrugged and turned away. "It is pretty, but I like the fighting swords best." "Spoken like a warrior, Estel. I must admit to the same preference." The two moved on to stop before another sword. The elf stood at ease, hands clasped loosely behind him. His near-black hair swayed gently where it fell down his back, though at crown and temple it was confined with elaborate braiding. The head of the youngster beside him barely reached his shoulder, and though the boy's hair was the same color as the elf's, it waved in unruly tangles where the elf's was smooth and sleek. Newly cropped to jaw length, Estel had already acquired an irritating habit of tossing it from his eyes like a horse throwing back its forelock. They both had grey eyes, though Elrond's were opaque and mysterious, while the boy's were like a crystal stream that lets you see through to the shining pebbles beneath its surface. The elf was garbed in fitted robes of fawn and russet, but the boy wore tunic and leggings of grey and dark green. Estel took a step sideways to stand before the sword to which he gave greatest reverence—the blade carried at the Battle of Fornost by his friend and hero, Glorfindel. He would have dearly loved to have seen the sword that slew the Balrog, but it was long lost. It probably rested in molten lumps in the river below the cliffs, where the Lord of the Golden Flower fell. Not far from the huge blade that had threatened a Nazgul, was a sword that seemed out of place in the Hall of Guardians. It was well-crafted but plain, and rather short compared to the others. "What is that one? It does not seem like a sword a mighty warrior would use." Elrond looked to where the boy pointed, then smiled fondly. "It was used by no mighty warrior, Estel. In fact, I do not believe it ever saw what you would call a real battle." The boy snorted with disgust. "It must just be filling in a blank spot behind the door, then What about this one—is it new? I do not remember seeing it before." "Hmm, yes, that is your brother's. We found it when cleaning out his old chambers. Elladan used it when he…" One by one, they paused by the fabled weapons that were cherished and maintained in this room. The elf would speak their names, echoed by his foster son. Hadhafang. Demon's Bane. Aiglos. Below Aiglos was a marble plinth covered in velvet. Carefully arranged on the crimson folds was a sword, broken in pieces. Estel gazed on them somberly and reached a tentative finger to touch the hilt. He looked up at his father. "May I?" Elrond nodded slowly, watching the boy intently, though he could not say why. Estel knew where and when the sword had been broken, but little more. It would be foolish to read deep and profound portents into a child's actions. Estel closed his fingers around the hilt and began to lift, but was surprised at the weight. "Ada, the pommel is so heavy that I cannot hold it level!" "What does that tell you about the blade?" "That it was either very long or very heavy." "Or both. The pommel was filled with lead to balance the blade, which is why the design is so broad there, and the grip is so long—it is not merely decorative. A pommel no wider than the hilt could not have contained enough lead. There are few men in these days who could wield such a sword." "You always speak of men in the early times as if they were different than men today. As if they were stronger, and braver, and…better." Elrond gazed into eyes that had darkened with uncertainty. He cursed himself and spoke swiftly, one hand moving to cup a cool cheek. "My son, there are reasons I sometimes speak as I do, though they are not for the telling here and now. But heed me in this: in any age or time, a man or elf is what he decides to be. You are compassionate, intelligent—even if you do not always apply yourself to your studies—you have a stalwart heart, and an ardent spirit. Do not let my bitterness taint your belief in yourself. You can shine as brightly as any hero ever born. Like Fingon, Tuor, and Glorfindel. Do as they did: succor the weak, uphold that which is of the Light, and labor hard to allow all you hold within you to come to fruition." The elf lord smiled and spread out his arms. "Come here, Estel. I know you have attained the ancient age of thirteen, but I think I need a hug." The boy's eyes cleared, and he moved into an embrace that had meant safety and love for as long as he could remember. "I suppose if you need a hug, I will have to bear it." And if the boy happily pressed his face into the warm shoulder beneath it, well, there were only old weapons to see it. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx As the two turned to leave the room, quenching torches as they went, Estel again noticed the simple, unassuming sword behind the door. He stared for a moment, oddly caught by the dull steel, then started when he heard voices in the corridor—his brothers had returned from patrol. He tugged at Elrond's sleeve, and together they hurried from the room, anxious to see if the twins were well and whole. I sighed—as much as a sword can sigh—when the man and elf left us to darkness and silence. I expected it would be another long while until we were visited again, but I was quite wrong. It seemed there was some momentous issue being discussed, and incredibly it involved weapons, for our solitude was broken many times over the next few weeks. It seemed as though everyone concerned with the short human came to gaze upon us for inspiration. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "It is an important decision, Elrond, and I am the one to make it." "I am well aware that this is an important matter, but you sometimes act like I have never held a sword in my life! Not to mention I am the boy's father!" "No one could doubt your prowess—that is not the issue. But I have trained warriors for two lifetimes, and made this decision for many of them. He is not ready for Hadhafang, it is too long for him, not to mention the abuse a boy's First Blade goes through. It is natural for a father to want to pass his most cherished sword to his son, but it is not the sword for him now. Leave it on the wall, Elrond. We must choose something better suited to him." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The two elves who stood before the wall were nearly identical, one to the other. "What about this one, Elrohir? The hilt is much shorter, but it still has a curved blade. He should be able to manage it without too much difficulty. He is growing fast, after all." "No, Elladan. That is a one-handed sword. I think we should stay with what he is accustomed to. Glorfindel has been concentrating on teaching him the two-handed Numenorean style. It is obvious he