Title: Five Words in Winter Rating: K Warnings: none Legolas, OC. No romance of any kind! Summary: It's cold and dark. And the weather's not so great, either. Takes place before the FotR. /thoughts/ xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx No night could be darker than this night, no cold so cold, as the blood snaps like a wire, and the heart's sap stills, and the year seems defeated. (Twelfth Night by Laurie Lee) Legolas sat high in an ancient oak. The tree did not speak to him except to grumble briefly about intrusive elves and the importance of a good winter's sleep. The elf sat on a snow-covered branch, legs dangling, leaning against the venerable trunk. His eyes scanned the plain stretching before him for danger but desultorily, for not even an Orc would be out in this weather. This had become a killing winter and many mortals in the villages had departed for the Halls in the past month. In the lambent light of moonlight on snow, the white plumes Legolas exhaled seemed to freeze and shatter rather than dispersing into the air. He was bundled tightly into his warmest cloak, the hood pulled well to the fore. Elves do not normally die of the cold, or even notice it much in ordinary weather, but if it is cold enough there are many inconveniences. For example, his left hand was wrapped in several folds of the cloak and his right was between his thighs, keeping warm and supple in case he was wrong about the danger and some sudden action had to be taken. Elven hands, having so much surface area, are likely to lose sensation in such bitter temperatures and then the grip on arrow or knife could fail. When he took a deep breath, his nostrils stuck together briefly. Not life-threatening—but very annoying! His cheeks and forehead stung and his eyelids blinked sluggishly, as though the lubricating tears had thickened. But in spite of all that, he was well off—for no human could have kept this watch for more than a few hours without freezing to death. He was one of four stationed on this section of the borders of Mirkwood. They were five miles apart from each other and he was the only volunteer. The others had been drawn by lot, for no one wanted to be away from the palace this night. It was Morfuin: the longest night of the year. Tomorrow Arnor would begin to return to Middle Earth and there was a great feast—except not so very great this year when the deer were thin and skittish and the early frosts had found some crops unharvested. Still, there would be singing and dancing and few would miss the chance to forget for a time the icy fist closed tightly around Mirkwood. Legolas was in no mind for singing and dancing. He looked at the stars with a far darker night lying heavy on his spirit. The cold always seemed to make the stars sharper and more dazzling and he had loved dragging his father out in the coldest weather to watch them when he was an elfling. But it had been a long time since he had watched them with joy; now they were just far away, unreachable, mocking with their counterfeit of warmth. Even Earendil was cold and rejecting. Then a star in his peripheral vision disappeared. He turned his head and saw one small section of the sky had vanished. As he watched, another star faded and was gone. /It is a small cloud—nothing more./ Then another disappeared and it seemed to the prince that it was a warrior of Mirkwood, one of his people, those he was born to lead and protect. As more stars faded he began to name them, the ones lost to Namo, while the darkness in his soul deepened. He named them for an hour and yet had barely begun. In a thousand years there is time for many to die. Long had Mirkwood awaited the triumph over Darkness that had been promised, but more and more Legolas feared that when Sauron and his minions were at last cleansed from Middle Earth it would be far too late for his home and his people. The naming stopped as Legolas heard a sound far off in the distance, coming from the direction of the palace. It rapidly came closer and became a rhythmic Scrick! Scrick! Scrick! Scrick! An elf approached on foot for the snow was too deep for horses. Even an elf made noise in these frigid temperatures; his feet squeaked on the snow as he ran lightly over its surface. Legolas cast one last look at the plain before he lowered himself down to the ground, carefully checking his handholds for a good grip; even wrapped in his cloak his left hand had stiffened. As he arrived at ground level so did the runner. "Hail, Prince! I bring you gifts from your father to give you comfort in this hard weather and in token of Morfuin." The elf had a hump beneath his heavy cloak and he began to shrug out of a large pack. Legolas stepped forward and took some of the weight and together they eased it to the ground. When they straightened they embraced warmly. They were comrades from childhood and there was no doubt in Legolas' mind but that his friend had volunteered to run the gifts to the outpost. Leglolas ruffled the pale, nearly white hair then nudged the pack with his foot. "Aignor, I thank you, but has he sent me a small cottage?" His old playfellow laughed and shook his head. "I am taking the same to every elf in this section. I came to you first for there is a message for you and it may be important." He then began to search his tunic and finally brought forth a small scroll. "Here. Your father bid me give you this as well as the comforts." Legolas took the scroll but placed it inside his jerkin. His father was not subtle; if it was important he would have said so. Aignor began to rummage in the pack and brought forth several items: a small silver flask of mirivor; a wrinkled apple, now frozen; a chunk of venison, also frozen; and a beautifully carved and colored piece of crystallized honey. He laid them in a row on the snow. Legolas hefted the fist-sized block of venison and looked to Aignor. "Is there meat for the others?" His friend shrugged. "Some. The pieces are smaller." At Legolas' frown he said seriously, "You are our Prince. It is fitting." "Give one of those to me and give this to Dinandil—he always looks like a stiff breeze could blow him away." "Your father would skin me!" "Then we will not tell him. Why should we change the pattern of a lifetime?" They laughed together, their breath making a misty cloud around them. Legolas put the large piece of meat back in the pack and removed a smaller—much smaller—piece. He looked sardonically at Aignor. "You can barely see this one. That is your definition of 'smaller'?" "Technically, it is smaller. Legolas, I am sorry; I must go if I am to reach everyone while it is still Morfuin." "I suppose you must. Please, take care. Even an elf can freeze if he is injured when the weather is so hard. Do you have a signal horn?" "Your father pushed one into my hands himself." He pulled aside his cloak to show the small horn hanging from his belt. "Good! Now be off with you. At least you will be warm while running." "I admit I love to run through the night. If only the snow would not squeak so!" Legoals laughed and helped him don his pack again. "Farewell, my friend. I will see you in a few days!" The light-hearted elf sprang away into the night and his Scrick! Scrick! rapidly faded away. The heaviness that Aignor had banished for a little while returned as Legolas climbed to his perch again. His friend was one of only three warriors still living that Legolas had known while they were elflings. How long until, Aignor, too, joined the roster of the dead? Sighing out a large cloud of vapor that nearly encompassed him, Legolas remembered the message he had been sent. He pulled the parchment tube—no larger than his first finger—from within his tunic and set about pulling the tightly rolled skin from inside it. It was no easy task with cold stiffened fingers but he managed it and held the scrap up to allow the moonlight to shine upon it. He recognized the old-fashioned curling script at once as being from Mithrandir. How had he come through the snows on the plains and mountains? Wizards! He peered at the writing: Five Words in Winter . He turned the parchment over. Nothing. What did Gandalf mean by writing him cryptic messages having to do with old superstitions? It was said that if a Silvan elf needed comfort for his spirit or guidance for some critical decision, that he could enter a state of awareness where nature herself would give him the answer. There would be five words that must be discovered (five for winter, seven for spring, five for summer, and seven for autumn). These would lead the elf to enlightenment. But it was all nonsense; no educated elf believed in such. And yet…Mithrandir was wise beyond even elven understanding and said little that was to no purpose. Legolas tried to remember what he had heard about the ritual. He must fast—that was easily done; he had not had anything since the day before and had not yet started on his Morfuin treats. He must turn his mind to enter the realm of the natural world around him. Hardly a difficult thing to do, but not normally recommended for one on watch as it would take his focus away from looking for threats to his home. Still, the watch was a formality in this weather and Legolas decided to trust the maiar. He climbed down the tree and ran a little way off where he poured the precious mirivor onto the snow. He then threw the piece of venison as far as he could; he must have no food or drink by him. He laid his apple and honey piece next to a rabbit run. He then returned to his perch and opened his senses fully and began to listen and watch. Four hours later he came out of his light trance to scratch an itch on his shoulder blade that would not be denied. Results of meditation: nothing. Not one thing had impressed itself on his mind as important or insightful. He saw a movement out of the corner of his eye and saw a mink scampering across the snow; it was headed in the direction of the venison he had discarded. Suddenly three more, smaller than the first, came tumbling and rolling out of the underbrush. They were the kits of the first one, though well grown and far from babies. Legolas could not help laughing at their antics and though they froze at the sound, they were quickly reassured that Legolas was no threat and recommenced their roughhousing. The larger one was digging industriously for the venison when a shadow swept across her. She reared upright, saw the owl, and ran, humping, across the snow to her kits. The talons of the striking owl stretched out mere inches from the scuffling young ones. The mother leapt into the air and bit the owl's foot fiercely. It screeched and veered and she was carried many yards before she released her hold. She fell to lie limply and Legolas scrambled down the tree and ran to her. He cradled the small body in his hands while he checked her for injuries and whispered words of encouragement and praise. She slowly raised her head, eyes blinking, then looked