Title: Truly Madly Deeply Auther: Pentangle Teitho contest theme: Healing Rating: K+ Warnings: clichés and purple prose in really quite unnecessary amounts Genre: Humor (I hope) Word count: 6,000 Summary: Legolas in love A/N 1: This is not the sort of story I usually write. You have been warned. A/N 2: Occasionally I have adjective problems. For example, in this story I say "manly" when the adjective should obviously be "elfly" or "ellonly". But they just don't have quite the same ring to them, do they? A/N 3: Although I firmly endorse Tolkien's description of elves having but one love in their long lives, and will defend this idea with my last breath, for this story I postulate a period of time when things may be different. As a young elf matures, he or she reaches that age that lies between coltish childhood and the attainment of majority. During these transitive years, an elf finds himself/herself fixing his/her warmer emotions upon several persons. One purpose of this chaste exploration of romance is to help a young elf discover the sort of ellon or elleth with which he/she desires to spend a near eternity. It's sort of like the human phenomenon known as "having a crush," except without acne. ooo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0ooo ooo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0ooo Thranduil pushed a dish of sweetmeats toward his guest as the meal came to an end. He laughed at the expression on Aragorn's face as the man reacted to the taunting of his best friend. Legolas, sitting across from him at the small table in Thranduil's private chambers, nodded to his father emphatically. "It is true, I swear it! He walks in the moonlight and sighs with longing for his lo-o-o-ve." Aragorn sputtered with indignation, his face as red as the tablecloth before him. "I do no such thing!" "You do! And worse besides! You have gone from singing war anthems to love ballads. 'Tis enough to make a cat sick!" Thranduil wiped a tear from one eye, choking with laughter. "Now, Legolas, do not be too hard on him; it is not everyday a man finds the lo-o-o-ve of his life. Some allowances must be made for him." Crossing his arms defiantly, Aragorn accused, "You make far too light of this momentous time in my life!. Arwen is...is... incomparable for beauty and grace – the swan is in her movement and the morning in her smile…" His voice trailed off dreamily. Thranduil choked. "I feel ill." Legolas nodded soberly. "Now you see what I put up with for hours on end." Aragorn ground his teeth, but then said sweetly, "Some day you will feel the same, my fine friend, and then, considering the gentle treatment my affection has received from you, I will repay you in kind! Ten times over!" "I will never make such a spectacle of myself over a female," Legolas cried, revolted at the thought. Aragorn began to reply when a thoughtful voice cut through his ire. "No? Then much has changed since you were an elfling, my son." Scenting blood, Aragorn sat up quickly. "What do you mean, Thranduil?" "Why, only that when it comes to lovelorn spectacles, you have a fair way to travel to beat Legolas." Aragorn frowned. Was his friend involved with an elleth? How could that be and he not know? And why would Legolas keep something of such import from him? Seeing the uncertainty on the young man's face, Thranduil spoke quickly, "Do not misunderstand, Aragorn. The time I speak of was long in the past." Legolas broke free of the horror that had held him silent. "Father, Aragorn could have no interest in the foibles of my childhood." He jumped to his feet. "How about a game of chess?" Aragorn shook his head, and pointed a finger in righteous indignation. "Legolas, sit down! How can you be so impolite as to interrupt your father?" The man turned his most winning smile to Thranduil. "Please, tell me of those long ago days. You know how much I love to hear of Legolas' childhood." Shooting a sidelong glance at his glaring son, Thranduil smiled and settled back in his chair. "Well, you see, it was a very trying time for all of us. Yes, indeed, I remember it as if it was yesterday.... ooo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0ooo The throne room door—the little one set within the wider double doors that when open could let pass six warriors marching abreast—opened and one of Thranduil's most trusted advisors advanced, bowing and scraping. The king observed this with an impatient eye since he was not exactly known for appreciating fawning, nor was he so vicious or capricious that his courtiers need fear him. When the elf was close enough to address his king, he stopped and wrung his hands together. "Your Highness, I bring distressing news of your son -" "Legolas?" The king straightened his somewhat affected posture and gripped the arms of his throne. "Yes, Highness, he -" "Has something happened to him? Has he been bitten by one of the giant spiders with which our land is afflicted?" "No, he -" "Has he fallen into a ravine so deep and steep that he cannot be retrieved?" The king rose to his feet, beginning to fear for his only son. "No, he -" "Has our kingdom been invaded by orcs? Has he been wounded in battle? Battle which he is strictly forbidden to engage upon, considering his tender years?" The advisor was starting to fear he would never finish his sentence. "NO, Highness! If you would let me -" "He is not wounded? Not lost in a ravine? Not bitten by spiders? Then what has -" "HIGHNESS!! Er...forgive me, but no, your son has not been harmed in any way." Thranduil sat down again, gazing at the advisor with irritation that slowly changed to dawning horror. "Then it can only be..." He lowered his kingly face into his royal hands. The advisor nodded miserably. "Yes, Highness." He left it to his king to say the words aloud. Though muffled by his hands, the king's voice nonetheless carried clearly to all the spear carriers and acolytes that thronged the throne room on a busy day. "He is in love." The room fell silent. The king slowly raised his head, for though he was not a perfect elf by any means, he was renowned for his courage. "Again." The advisor heaved a great sigh, partly of relief that his message had finally been delivered, and partly of commiseration. "Yes, Highness." ooo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0oo0ooo When the residents of the palace met at midday to break bread, everyone noticed that the prince of the realm was late. That all took notice was not to be wondered at, for Legolas Thrandulion was a favorite among the populace. He was as charming as he was beautiful—and he was very beautiful indeed—as kind as he was intelligent, as merry as he was valorous. The residents of Mirkwood believed their prince to be without peer in all the elven lands. However, on this particular day, all eyes were fixed on the doorway to the dining hall—not to see a paragon, but to see to what new depths of misery the paragon had descended. His peers waited with suppressed glee, the courtiers waited with suppressed trepidation, and Thranduil waited with suppressed impatience. Of course, Thranduil's belief in his ability to suppress was somewhat optimistically inclined, but at least he tried. The figure that finally entered the hall bore little resemblance to the Legolas the kingdom loved. The elf was dressed all in black, from tunic to leggings. His ensemble was topped off with an enveloping garment that resembled nothing so much as a shroud. The rose in his cheeks had paled to a sickly ivory, his eyelids drooped and hid the cerulean blue from view, and his hair was dull and limp. Thranduil snorted in disgust, since he knew the youth was in excellent health and not even unrequited love could turn shining gold to dusty flax in a few days. No doubt the boy had applied kitchen ashes again. Last time he had said it was symbolic of his emotional state. The king couldn't help but feel that a judicious application of sensory stimulation via his sword belt on the prince's behind would be symbolic of the emotional ordeal he was going through. As far as Thranduil was concerned, the drooping lily was the last straw. // I wonder where he found such a pathetic specimen in our beautiful gardens? // The lily drooped from a hand that drooped as well, barely maintaining its hold on the pale green stem. Legolas slowly meandered to the empty chair that was placed at his father's right hand. He laid one hand—the one sans lily—on the chair back and heaved a great sigh. His liege lord and father ground his teeth, but managed to ask mildly, "Are you unwell, my son?" Legolas dropped his head until his chin disappeared into his chest. "She hates me." Still keeping hold of his temper—although at this point he was using both hands—Thranduil forced himself to ask the question he least wanted to ask because he was, when all was said and done, a good and caring father, "Who - " The king swallowed manfully and continued. "Who hates you?" "Luthmiriendaneliel." "I beg your pardon? Whom did you say?" "Luthmiriendaneliel." "I cannot seem to recall the maiden. Er...does she have a nickname perhaps?" Legolas turned reproachful eyes upon his Adar. "That is a custom of men. You have ever derided their ways, why would you ask such a thing?" "Their ways are starting to grow on me." "My beloved, incomparable, beauteous, -" Thranduil waved a hand to encourage Legolas to speed through his lady's description. " - Luthmiriendaneliel has no reason to shorten her name!" "That is a matter of opinion. However, let us move on from that point. Why, oh sorrowing son of mine, does she hate you?" "She has scorned my advances." Thranduil looked a little startled. In his previous and innumerable loves, his wayward child had confined himself to loving from afar, in approved elfling fashion. Had his precocious son moved beyond the bounds of propriety? "Could you be more specific about these 'advances'?" "I have sent her flowers, and they are returned – crushed into pulp!" Thranduil blinked. That did seem a bit drastic. Normally young ellon set their sights on females many years their elders, and said elleth were usually very forbearing and kind to their temporary suitors. At this point in the proceedings, the advisor sitting at the king's left hand leaned close and whispered, "Hundreds of flowers, Sire." That made sense, the king thought. Trust Legolas to take extremes to extremes. "Anything else, my suffering son?" "I stood beneath her balcony and poured out my heart to her in song, and she – she –" The distraught youngling broke off and sobbed. The king looked helplessly at his advisor, who did not let his king down. "Bath water. She dumped a bucket of bathwater on him. After three days of uninterrupted singing. One must admit he does have stamina, your Highness." Thranduil turned back to Legolas and rubbed a commiserating hand on the shaking back. Meanwhile, the other diners had decided that Thranduil was not going to provide entertainment by losing his formidable temper, and turned their attention to their plates and companions. The king reached for a tureen and pulled it close to Legolas' place setting. "Will you not try some soup? You need to eat something." "How can you think of food when my heart is breaking?" wailed the prince. The king turned again to his advisor and his expression was grimly determined. "I cannot take this any longer. This is the fifth time he has been in love this year!" The king rose to his feet and leaned over the hapless elf. "I command you to do something !" Whirling, the king strode from the dining hall. The advisor sighed heavily, several times,