Title: Paltering Author: Pentangle Warnings: none Rating: K (although perhaps not a good read for mealtimes) Disclaimer: not mine; done for fun Aragorn is aprox. 18 years /thoughts/ Summary: Tell the truth and you pay the price. Tell lies and you pay...and pay...and pay. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx One morning exactly four days before the winter solstice celebration in the Last Homely House, the eldest scion of its ruler was mulishly refusing to have anything to do with the family's usual activities of that day. His brother tried to convince him to join the others. "Elladan, it is expected of us! You know there will be repercussions if you avoid it!" Elladan grabbed a small pack and his quiver and bow, and strode for the balcony of his room. He remained poised on the railing for a moment with both legs hanging down the off side. "Let there be! They could not possibly be worse than what you will endure. Indeed, little brother, I may come back this afternoon and care for you - you will need it!" And with that he dropped lightly to the ground and loped off into the trees surrounding the family wing of the house. Elrohir sadly turned and walked out the door and into the hallway, his feet dragging, his mouth turned down and a little twisted as if he did not feel well. He stopped outside the largest guest suite and knocked. The door opened and the Prince of Mirkwood stepped forth, dressed for an ordinary day in leather jerkin and leggings, but looking rather apprehensive. Elrohir gave him a sickly smile and together they turned to walk to the dining hall; they were to join the rest of the family at breakfast. "Where is Elladan?" Elrohir growled, "He is a knave and a coward." "Ah." Legolas let that tempting gambit pass him by since he had much experience with the twin sons of Elrond. Eventually he would find out anyway, and one of his main goals in any visit to the Valley was trying to avoid entangling himself in quarrels between the siblings. The fair-haired prince decided to change the subject and said determinedly, "I have been thinking about this morning and it cannot be as bad as you say. It is only breakfast, after all. This is another of your family's many pranks on the innocent visiting elf!" "You have no idea how dearly I wish that were true. You may still avoid it - I will tell her that you are being princely today and want breakfast in bed." "Princely! You are a prince as well, mellon nin, and I do not recall Lord Elrond sending you breakfast in bed!" "Of course not, but it is a way out for you! Take it! I will say things are done differently in Mirkwood. Or I could say you have gone to meet Estel. I could say you died. Anything to avoid breakfast this day!" Legolas came to a halt, causing Elrohir to pause as well. Legolas placed one hand firmly on Elrohir's shoulder. "I will go with you, mellon nin. After all, if you were summoned to battle Orcs I would gladly wield my bow and knives beside you and Elladan!" "Oh, Legolas...this will be worse - much worse." The two continued on to the dining hall and met with Elrond, Erestor, and Glorfindel at the High Table. They all took their seats, grimly saluted each other, and watched as their doom came walking briskly through the wide double doors. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx After breakfast Elrond rose, slightly pale, holding a napkin to his lips. "It is done. Going by past years we have an hour, perhaps two, until we can no longer function. I suggest we make the best use of the time we have. I shall be in my study." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The noon meal in Imladris was the most casual of the day. A collation was served for two hours with such simple fare as bread and cheese, soups, and fruit. Elves attended as their schedules allowed and often just gathered a few items to take back to wherever they were working. So it was unusual to see Elrond's table nearly full and all its occupants remaining there to eat. Or not eat as the case may be, for all was not right with the leaders of the valley. Glorfindel raised a spoonful of clear broth to his mouth but hesitated long seconds before finally sipping at it. He returned the spoon to his bowl and slowly filled it again. Looking much like he must have when he realized the city of Gondolin would fall, he raised the spoon again and drank. Elrohir admired this display of determination but found himself unable to emulate it. His own soup was cold and untouched. He stared at it in resentment and hated his elder brother. Elrond had some plain oat porridge rather than soup and he was apparently trying to create complicated designs in it as he slowly swirled his spoon about. He looked up and ruefully met Glorfindel's eyes. "I know, as a healer, that we should force ourselves to eat something. It is the same instruction that I have given many times to those suffering as we are, yet I find myself greatly disinclined to follow my own advice." Glorfindel drank another spoonful of soup and looked sternly at his liege. Elrond sighed and ate a little porridge. Legolas was sitting before a plate of bread adorned with the smallest possible amount of butter. He slowly tore off tiny pieces and ate them doggedly. Mirkwood elves had survived against the tide of evil because of their daring, courage, and strength of will. He would not be beaten by breakfast in Imladris. So he grimly chewed and hated Elrond, Elrohir, and all the Noldor: his father had been right about them all along. Erestor, meanwhile, made no attempt to eat anything and leaned his forehead against the fingers of one elegant hand. When anyone directed a comment in his direction he just waved the other hand vaguely as if at a moth or some other flying distraction. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx That afternoon the experience reached its wretched peak. Erestor sat on the wide, marble edge to his bath, slumped in misery with both hands holding a slop basin on his lap. Elrond made it to his study to attempt to get some work done, but mostly just sat at his desk, staring into space and occasionally swallowing convulsively. Glorfindel, after lying on his bed for an hour or so with no improvement to show for it, decided in his pragmatic fashion to take matters into his own hands. He slowly stood and walked unflinchingly into his bathroom. He leaned over the garderobe and firmly thrust a finger down his throat. Legolas and Elrohir spent the afternoon hours curled into the fetal position on Elrohir's bed. They looked like nothing so much as two tightly curled hedgehogs lying back to back. Their conversation was suitably prickly. "I hate you." "I told you not to go." "You did not tell me forcefully enough. Where is Elladan?" "He ran away - he is not sick." "I hate him, too." "Not as much as I do." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Time heals all wounds, so they say, and as afternoon became early evening, the stricken family of the Last Homely House began to believe they would live. They shuffled their way to the dining hall yet again, greeting each other with tentative smiles. Elrond asked if anyone cared for supper. Elrohir said he thought he could now eat something and the others agreed. Erestor sighed, "The worst is over for another year." Legolas and Elrohir were not ready to put it all behind them just yet. "Adar, it is not fair that Elladan was able to escape so easily. You must make him regret his decision!" Legolas nodded. "Indeed, Elrond, if even your guests must submit, then I agree. And what of Estel? Why was he absent this morning?" Elrond frowned. "You surely do not imagine I would put him through such an ordeal? My youngest son? His constitution is not as strong as ours; I shudder to think what condition he would be in by now!" Legolas goggled at the elf lord. "His constitution? He eats like a goat! I have seen him down things I would not feed an Orc - with no harmful effects!" Elrond soothed his young friend. "No doubt it appears so, but I could not take the chance. What we ingested this morning was lethal." Glorfindel agreed. "Yes, much better that the boy is altogether out of it. We sent him out on a long list of 'benevolence visits' to some cots far from the House. Whoever he ends up with at this time of night will feed him before he returns home. We do the same every year so he has never had to endure our trial. He will return later tonight and you must be careful not to mention this to him." Legolas was stunned. " Every year ! How long has this been going on!" Erestor, feeling much better, assumed his role of chief statistician. "I think at least 110 years, is it not, Elrond?" Elrond agreed and Legolas looked around at his surroundings with renewed respect. If his father knew about this he would revise his estimation of the courage and fortitude of the elves of Imladris! Elrond rubbed his hands lightly together with satisfaction. "Now we just have one last, minor ordeal tomorrow morning and we can put all this behind us. Although we could put it behind us forever, if she could just be induced to sail!" The group served themselves from the simple and soothing dishes the kitchen had known would be required and by the time they retired for the night, their harrowing experience was fading into memory for another year. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The next morning Elrond, Elrohir, Glorfindel, Erestor, and Legolas met together a little before breakfast. Before anyone else could be expected to enter the dining hall, they held a brief council of war. Glorfindel, as master strategist, led off. "Legolas, you will not be aware of this but she makes an appearance the day afterwards to hear further assurances that it was well received. It is imperative that we are prepared. We barely managed to avoid disaster four years ago. We must say the same things we said last year but without using the exact same phrases. Let me hear what you all intend to say. Elrond?" "Ahem...Thank you, Mordinel, it was a very nice one this year." "Good; add nothing at all. Erestor?" "For once my famed reticence will stand me in good stead; I intend to simply smile and nod." "Only you could carry it off, but it is certainly a safe strategy. Elrohir?" The younger elf stuttered a bit with nervousness. "It - it was a th-thoughtful gift, thank you." "Excellent! You are your father's son; a born diplomat. Legolas? Have you something prepared?" "I thought perhaps along the lines of: Thank you, hiril, it was delicious! How lucky Imladris is to have you!" The others looked at him aghast. Glorfindel, however, was not one to easily lose his head. He darted a glance at the doorway and then corrected the prince. "NO! What are you thinking! That is much too much! Tone it down - way down! Just say 'Thank you, hiril, it was so colorful.' " Legolas, chastened, repeated the phrase over and over, trying for a natural tone of voice. Elrohir was not impressed with his delivery and suggested, "Perhaps we should say that Silvans do not speak Sindarin." "No, no, he will be fine." Glorfindel glanced again at the door. "We should take our places." Elladan showed up at that point and there was a brief diversion as his loving brother attempted to force several eating utensils down his throat. Elrond snarled, "Stop it, both of you! So help me, Elladan,