// thoughts// Late Third Age, but before "The Lord of the Rings" This story was written for the Teitho fanfiction contest, and I was so pleased that it did well. The theme was: "Unlikely Heroes". ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Chapter 1 The Minstrel to the War Is Gone ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Two elves sat late on a balcony of the Last Homely House, situated in the valley called Imladris. One was the ruler of the valley, dark-haired and stately, an elf who oddly bore a faint hint of mortality about him. The other was a ruler's son, come from a land of darkness, who took great pleasure in his visits to this haven of peace and safety. Prince Legolas spoke with a hint of reluctance, "I will be pleased to have Lindir accompany me on my journey to Lorien." The lord of the valley swirled the wine in his silver-chased goblet and said dryly, "Try to contain your jubilance." A hint of red flushed the cheekbones of the younger elf. "I…of course I will be happy to…you mistake me, Elrond." Elrond chuckled richly to see Legolas struggle to find words. He took pity on the floundering prince, and said with the diplomacy he was famous for, "You mean that you are hesitant to accept responsibility for one who is so valued for his unique and immeasurable talent." Legolas felt a momentary desire to take the easy road, then stiffened his backbone and said, "No, Elrond, though I am well aware of his value. I hesitate because he has been chief minstrel here for an age. His world, as it should be, is within doors: composing, teaching, and performing. How long since he has ridden for more than a sunny afternoon? How long since he has held a sword or bow? I am not traveling with a war party, nor do I desire Imladris to provide one. He may be…" At this point Legolas' courage deserted him. The elven lord was not so reticent. "A liability. You think you will have to cosset him, and protect him from harm." "Will I not? Forgive me, but times have changed since we rode Arda freely and without care. He should wait until the darkness is defeated. He has not been to Lorien for many a year; what difference if he waits a while longer?" Elrond rose from his chair and gracefully extended a decanter to refill Legolas' goblet. "No doubt you are correct," he said smoothly, "Do not give it another thought; we will not speak of it again. Tell me, how do you find the recurved bow your armorer introduced? Glorfindel does not favor such a style, but a Mirkwood elf's opinion cannot be ignored when it comes to archery." Relieved, Legolas responded quickly to the subject change, yet he felt a vague discomfort—as if he were an elfling who had disappointed his favorite tutor. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Legolas put two fingers to his lips and sounded an eerie, high-pitched call. High above, in the vaulted sky of a brilliant summer day, a gyrfalcon answered him. It soared on the rising air currents as the day heated from a cool dawn, its wingtips flexing ever so slightly to keep its flight level and smooth. The sun gleamed on blinding white feathers markedly flecked with dark brown and grey. Suddenly the wings folded back and it plummeted like an arrow, straight for Legolas. The elf did not react except to raise one gauntleted wrist, to which the bird settled with soft, purring chirps. Legolas' companion could not keep silent. "She is magnificent! It has been a week since we left Imladris and I still cannot believe how beautiful she is!" Legolas laughed as the bird seemed to understand and first ruffled its feathers, then laid them straight and smooth again. "She is that! We have none to rival her at home; truly she is a gift fit for the Lady of Lorien. I wonder that Elrond could part with her." Lindir asked curiously, "You do not have gyrfalcons in Mirkwood?" "We do, but there can be few to rival this one in all of Arda." As he spoke he transferred the majestic raptor from his wrist to the perch secured before him on his saddle. He treated the bird as if she were a queen of men, with respect and courtesy. Lindir smiled at the way the gyrfalcon drew her sharp beak gently along the back of Legolas' glove. The smile was short-lived though, as his thoughts returned to a well-worn groove that had been briefly interrupted as he watched the falcon. He pondered again on the subtlety and deviousness of the Lord of Imladris. He was certain that Legolas had not wanted to bring him along as he took a long road home to Mirkwood, by way of going to Lorien first. He wondered if his lord had applied direct pressure, or allowed guilt to do his work for him. Probably the latter, the minstrel thought resentfully. Why not use a tried and true tactic that worked so well for him? The minstrel shifted in his saddle, lifting one hip and setting it gently down again. He had been riding a week but his muscles still protested. He watched the almost sensuous sway of the rider before him and grimaced. Had he ever ridden so well and with such grace? If he had, those days were long forgotten in the mists of time. Shifting to ease one part of his body had awoken other aches; these were in his arms, shoulders, and back. Legolas had insisted that they have sword and knife practice each night when they camped. He swore it was to keep him in fighting trim, but Lindir knew perfectly well that the warrior from Mirkwood feared that Lindir would not be able to defend himself if they were attacked. And he was right, Lindir thought. // Too long have you sat at harp and desk. You sing the ballads of fell deeds and bitter struggles, of darkness spreading and light quenched, yet you have lived a dreaming life, kept safe from danger by others' blood. You are a coward, my fine minstrel, for you have left danger to them, as if your voice gives you rights above them. See yourself for what you are. He despises you, and no wonder. Only his princely manners protect you from his scorn .// If Legolas wondered at the quiet demeanor of his traveling companion, he did not remark on it. He was a little surprised that someone whose entire life was devoted to music did not sing—not on the trail, nor in camp—but a prickle down his spine kept his thoughts ever focused on their surroundings. Though this first part of their journey should be reasonably free from peril, he could not quell the feeling that something was amiss. He had little attention to spare for an elf who, truth be told, did not interest him particularly once the talented mouth and fingers were stilled, and the music a memory. That night, as they made camp, Legolas was brought from his introspection by a questioning purrrrr-iiip from the falcon. She was sitting on a perch forced into the ground near the fire. Legolas had planned to hood her for the night, but so taut were his nerves that he hesitated to leave her blind and helpless, even if it would make her more comfortable. He turned his head to look in the same direction as the bird, and saw Lindir caring for his horse. For the first time since they had left Imladris, Legolas observed the bard carefully. The elf was the same height as Legolas, with dark hair that almost blended into his tunic of midnight blue. His leggings were of the same color, and neither bore any decoration except for the small pin that proclaimed him a harper. Legolas suddenly realized that the elf he was staring at was far different from the genial, accomplished master of the great hall. His hands moved slowly, and his bearing was that of one who labored beneath sorrow, care, or – shame? Legolas' eyes narrowed. He did not know Lindir well, but it was obvious something was amiss with the elf. He determined to discover what it was and help if he could. Tomorrow, on the trail, he would try to discover what was troubling the minstrel. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Lindir sat huddled high in a thickly leaved oak, his face drawn and hands shaking. How had it all gone awry so quickly? One moment they were riding along at a sober pace, sparing their horses for the mountains ahead, and the next they were ambushed by vicious men and left with disaster. Lindir's companion had fought like a demon, shouting at Lindir to escape. He had not abandoned Legolas, of course, at least not in the beginning. He had tried to fight, but a few hours of practice had not even begun to renew old skills. His sword had been struck from his hand and cackling death had surrounded him. His companion's knives had cleaved a way to him, and a hard shove had sent him spinning away from those who quickly clustered around the only threat to their heinous plans. He heard a voice cry, "Run, Lindir! You only distract me, having to watch for you! Go, and I will find you when I have dealt with these vermin!" Lindir, realizing he did endanger the prince by remaining and forcing him to try to fight and protect him at the same time, obeyed and hared off into the trees. He found a hiding place high above the ground, just as the sun began to set and waited. All through the night Lindir waited for Legolas' return. When dawn lightened the sky he heard a piercing cry and scrambled along the branch on which he had spent the night, as far to the end as he could go. He saw the gyrfalcon some stooping toward him and, without thinking, put out his arm, calling to it frantically. The bird back-winged and reached out with its talons, gripping tightly. Lindir bit back a sharp cry as the claws bit through his tunic and into his flesh, but he held still. When the bird finished mantling and folded its wings, the claws relaxed somewhat, allowing Lindir to maneuver it onto a branch beside him. With trembling fingers he untied the scarlet jesses, then ripped a piece of white cloth from his under-tunic where a blade had slashed the sturdy fabric. He hurriedly searched for a small twig, then broke it carefully at an angle so that the pointed end resembled a quill. Repeatedly dipping the tip in the blood dripping from his arm, he wrote a short message to the Lord of Imladris. He tied the scrap to the jesses and refastened them to the bird's leg. It shifted restlessly, picking up the feelings of near-panic that flowed from the elf. Lindir bent down so that he and the bird looked eye to eye, then the minstrel touched the feathered head lightly. Lindir had not had to communicate with an animal for many a long year. Yet another weakness in him, he thought in despair. Afraid to try for a complicated message, he simply concentrated on a mental image of the valley and its lord. "Home!" he projected fiercely. "Go home!" The bird mantled again and shrieked. "Home! You must go home!" Suddenly the bird leaped from the branch and arrowed into the sky, while Lindir sat back limply. He had caught the merest flicker of understanding from the bird's thoughts, but he believed the falcon was now winging homeward. Having done all he could think of to summon help, Lindir climbed down from the tree and began to search for the area where the battle had taken place. He was terrified of what he would find, for there could be only one reason why Legolas had not come to find him. He