Title: One Evening in Imladris Author: Pentangle Rating: K Characters: Many! Setting: A year or so before the Council of Elrond Summary: Friends. Just friends. Sindarin corvath nel: three rings corvath leben: five rings ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The sun had just begun to set on a late spring evening in Imladris. Sunset came early to the valley since the cliffs cut off the light long before it began to darken on the plateau above the hidden refuge. The evening meal was nearly over, and as elves began to leave the tables it became evident that this would be one of those times when few would remain in the Hall of Fire. Some left as individuals, wanting to enjoy the warm weather and the mystical hour of twilight alone. Others sought out favored companions and drifted away to private chambers, walks along the river, casual competition at the butts, or other pastimes. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Elrond and Lolindir The Lord of Imladris, walking serenely and with his usual measured step, left the Hall and started for his own suite. But once he turned a corner and ascertained he was alone in the corridor stretching before him, he grasped his robes in both hands and began to run lightly. A figure stood in Elrond's doorway and gestured him within, then closed the door quickly behind them both. "Did you bring them?" Elrond's question was directed at an elf that was not quite the norm for the kingdom of Imladris. He was a little, well, short, and almost, almost ugly. He had a rather large nose, and bushy eyebrows that nearly met together. He was half as old as Elrond and most considered him as foolish as they considered the elven lord wise. "Yes, everything is on the balcony, we may leave when we wish. Have you escaped?" "Anyone who wanted to speak with me received the Eyebrow of Doom." Lolindir laughed aloud. "You know about that?" "Of course I do. I know every name I am called. What sort of All-Knowing, Mysterious Wielder of Elven Power would I be if I did not?" "Point taken. Now hurry and get out of those fusty things, and into something that will not shriek 'here comes the ruler of Imladris' as soon as anyone lays eyes on you!" As Elrond disrobed in his sleeping chamber he called out through the open door, "How are we going to get out of the House?" "Over the balcony; how else?" An outraged shout: "I have not climbed over a balcony since I escaped from Celeborn when I was courting Celebrian!" "All the more reason to do it now. You are becoming entirely too old, Elrond, and I am not taking about your age!" An almost unrecognizable figure strode out of the bedroom. Instead of heavy, formal robes in luxurious, colorful fabrics, there were tight leggings and a simple tunic of drab grey-brown suede. Instead of elaborate braids adorned with jeweled clips, there was a single plait tied off with a scrap of leather. Elrond strode up to Lolindir and placed his hands on his hips. "Well?" "You look like Elladan when he was 69 and sneaking out of the House!" "I am a long way from 69, but I am sneaking out of the House, so I must be properly dressed." "Let's go. I will take the poles, and you can bring the bait." It was with great difficulty that Lolindir kept a straight face as the distinguished Lord Elrond—ruler of Imladris and sometime Herald to King Gil-galad—slipped furtively over the balcony railing. Looking like he was born to it, too! He grasped a vine here and there, and then dropped lightly to the ground. Lolindir quickly followed, and the two disappeared down a little used path, carrying their unwieldy gear. Within a short time, they were sitting on the banks of the Bruinen, their feet bare, their hands holding fishing rods. The peace of the scene was all pervading, composed of the occasional gurgle from a rising fish, the barest trace of a spring breeze, and the friends' soft murmurs of conversation about nothing at all. Even so, it was not until the fireflies began to flash in their meandering dance that Elrond suddenly gave a sigh so long and deep that it seemed he breathed out all the troubles of the world. Lolindir said nothing but reached out his hand and fleetingly grasped the wrist of the dark haired elf. Elrond patted the shoulder nearest him, and then flicked his line farther into the gentle current. Much later, when the moon was high, Lolindir drew in his pole for the last time, laid it on the bank beside him, and pulled on the string secured to one slim foot. It slid out of the water until the stringer appeared with four large fish attached. "I am so looking forward to breakfast tomorrow. All the luck came my way tonight!" Elrond stood slowly, stretching out his back as he gained his feet. He looked at the river, the fireflies, and the moon. Then he smiled with great affection at the elf beside him. "Not all." He sighed deeply again, but this time with ease and contentment. "Thank you." ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Elrohir and Morgil Elrohir, raising a fork that held the last bite of succulent asparagus, saw his quarry leaving the Hall. He dropped his fork, slammed his linen square down on the table, and scraped his chair back roughly. Elladan's head turned to his brother and he demanded, "Where are you going in such a hurry?" Elrohir said grimly, "I need to resolve a small…situation." "Sounds like you might need someone at your back." Elrohir made a sharp gesture with his hand as he started to stride away. "Not this time, 'Dan." The younger twin son of Elrond walked swiftly through the halls and out of the House, his prey always just ahead of him, turning a corner or heading down a flight of stairs. Eventually Elrohir overtook him on the now deserted path to the training ground, and put a hand roughly on his shoulder, yanking the elf around. The startled look on the face of his prize changed into a smirk when he saw who accosted him. "Ah, Lord Elrohir, is there something I can do for you?" The elf facing Elrohir was a typical Noldo, tall and slim, with the ethereal features of the old blood. He was dark haired and grey-eyed as was Elrohir, but the son of the Peredhil had a sweet upward curve to his lips, and a light bronze tint to his skin, whereas Morgil's pale countenance frowned at the best of times, and his mouth was usually drawn down at one side in a sulky sneer. Elrohir said between clenched teeth, "I have had enough. You defy me; you encourage dissension in the ranks –" The warrior facing him spoke with a voice of silk, "I have never disobeyed any order given me by a superior officer. You can bring no witness that I have done so." "No, you have not. But you take every opportunity to disparage me before my command. You constantly whisper, and drag your feet at every turn. It is obvious you have some problem with me as your commander, and I want to know what it is!" The silk roughened a bit as suppressed anger took hold of Morgil. "It is not commonly considered wise to speak too frankly to those in authority. If I speak the truth, you will see to it I pay for it." "Speak freely and without prejudice. I will not charge you at a later time for your words." "Then I will tell you, fortunate son. Son of the ruler of Imladris. Who is five hundred years younger than I. I have more experience, more kills, more training - I should be commander in your stead!" "My father did not give me my commission; it was Glorfindel, and I doubt even my father could force him to accept an officer against his wishes! My father leaves all such decisions in his hands." The other elf was hissing now, spittle flecking the corners of his lips in his rage. "Yesssss! And he is ssso impartial iss he not? The mighty champion who dandled you on his knee! The sons he never had – that is what all say about you and your cursed brother! Glorfindel would give you the moon if you asked for it! He wants his precious favorites riding by his side, not some nobody like me!" The harsh accusations angered Elrohir for many reasons. Glorfindel was his hero, his mentor, and, ever since he became an adult, his friend. He would stand for no slander against him. Even more, though, the accusations stung for another reason. In the mind of every ruler's son, be he man, elf, or dwarf, lingers the fear that perhaps he does not deserve all he has been given—all that is his simply because of who his father is. Elrohir felt an unaccustomed fury sweep over him. When he was new to his first command, he had dealt with these accusations many times. But those days were long ago; it had been so many years since he had become confidant and comfortable with his abilities and position that this new challenge seemed outrageous. Morgil had come from an outlying settlement at the far reaches of the Valley and had detested Elrohir on sight, for no reason as far as Elrohir could see. He had tried in every way he could think of to bring this troublesome warrior around, but nothing had worked. Now the ripples of contention were spreading and Elrohir would not have it. As the blood pounded in Elrohir's ears, he decided he had had enough of being always in control of his emotions. Enough of being the twin who mediated, who counseled, who was the peacemaker. More than enough! There was no way to tell who sprang first, for suddenly both were moving with arms outstretched and teeth bared. It was not a pretty fight. No careful holds, or throws requiring finesse and control. None of the respect and admiration for a telling blow that was normally accorded between those sparring as fellow warriors. It was gouge and snarl and thrash and roll and dig-with-elbows and thrust-fingers-toward-eyes and knees-to-groins and gasp-for-breath and spit-blood and intending-to- hurt . Morgil was a fine warrior with much experience, but he had not sparred from an elfling with Glorfindel of Gondolin. Elrohir rolled the other elf beneath him yet again, and this time kept the upper hand. He pinned Morgil's hands and got to his knees, keeping one firmly planted in the defeated elf's abdomen. Both heaved air into starved lungs and Elrohir spat twice to the side, clearing his mouth of blood and dirt. His rage began to cool and he realized with dread the heinous crime he had committed, though he was careful not to let it show on his face. His gaze bore fiercely into Morgil's and he first lifted, then slammed the other elf's wrists into the ground, bruising his own bleeding knuckles further in the process. "Now listen, Morgil, and listen well! I did not choose my father any more than you did. Do you think I am privileged? Why, so I am! My robes are silk while yours are coarsely woven, and my bed is softer than you have ever dreamt of. My daily companions are heroes of all the Ages; elves that are no more than legend to most of our kind. But in my service to Imladris, I have fought for every promotion. Lord Elrond and my mentors are so fearful lest they be seen to prefer me over others, that I must do thrice as well to gain advancement! Corvath nel got you your place as an archer, but Glorfindel would not let me out of the training yard until I hit corvath leben five times out of six! In