Title: Mellyn? Author: Pentangle Rating: K+ Sequel to "Five Words in Winter" Laer – summer Orgilion, Oranor, Orithil, Orgaladhad: days of the week A/N In my 'Young Estel" stories Gilraen died in the Orc attack that killed Arathorn. Also, no one but a handful of people in Imladris know Estel's identity, although the elven kingdoms would have been aware that Elrond had accepted yet another human fosterling. The gathering mentioned is not the "Council of Elrond" but a more informal meeting having as much to do with trade as fighting the forces of evil. Once in a very great while, Elrond uses corporal punishment (hardly ever, so don't flame me, please) xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Mirkwood and Imladris xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The prince of Mirkwood gave a sigh of contentment as he and his small band of warriors left the borders of his home behind them. He always felt a twinge of guilt at how much he enjoyed escaping the grim atmosphere that was a result of the dark forces at work in Dol Guldur and the deadly giant spiders that seemed to extend their territory with every passing year. It was seven years ago that Legolas had felt the darkness was overcoming his spirit and that he would eventually become nothing but a blade and a bow, an automaton, having no purpose except to deal death, having no hope that a brighter future was possible. Then, in a winter so hard it seemed the Valar had abandoned Middle-earth completely, he had found hope in an ancient ritual unique to the Silvan elves. He had found hope in the news that a new fosterling had been taken to Imladris and through the ritual had learned that, somehow, this Hope would be central to the saving of Middle-earth. He had also learned that in some way this human fosterling would be important in his own life. It had taken every bit of stubbornness he possessed to finally get his father's permission to journey to Imladris. His father was not unkind; he simply did not understand why Legolas was in such a hurry. "You were there only fifty years ago! Why the urgency? Two years, twenty, what difference can it make, my son? Surely you may go, but not when we are so hard-pressed here." "Father, what was the point of making Aignor my second if I cannot leave affairs in his hands from time to time? He thinks you do not like him, or that you feel he is incapable of command." Thranduil snorted. That had not been one of his better ideas. He had wanted Legolas to begin to assemble a retinue, but he had never intended his son to hand over such an important post to a blatherskite. "Nonsense! I like him well enough, though his tongue runs like a fiddlestick. But command? Just last week he bowed so low to me he fell on his face. And the week before he strung Lindien's linen on that dead tree on the road to Lake Town!" "He was not on duty when he did so. What difference if he has a merry heart so long as he can lead our warriors? They trust him and so do I. Please, Adar, give him a chance to show you what he can do." The argument had lasted for six years, off and on, but Legolas had prevailed. It was a pale and suddenly serious Aignor that assumed command for the defenses of Mirkwood, vowing to care for his prince's kingdom in his absence. He stood beside Legolas' horse for a final farewell but his eyes roved continuously over the assembled escort, checking that all were properly accoutered. His gaze sharpened on a horse that stood with one foreleg placed slightly before the other, with the knee bent. He strode to the piebald's side and ran a hand down the leg, frowning at the heat he felt. He then stood and barked at the rider, "Get another mount; your horse is throwing out a splint. I should stand you down for such carelessness! You have five minutes!" Legolas smiled down at Thranduil, who stood with his hand on the neck of Legolas' horse. "You see? He is harder on them than I am." The king merely huffed a little then looked up at his son again. "Since you are determined to take this journey, I suppose I should give you this." He pulled a folded parchment from his tunic and gave it into Legolas' hands. The prince took it, scanned it quickly, and then recited aloud. "Greetings to the King of Mirkwood. Be herein advised that upon the 17th day of Laer, a convocation will convene in Imladris to discuss the grave developments of this past year. The Lord of Imladris feels that an informal gathering of men, elves, and other free peoples of Middle-earth who may choose to attend will be of great benefit to all. Imladris will be pleased to receive whomever you should send and will grant them all courtesy. Erestor, Chief Counselor to Lord Elrond." Legolas glared at his father in exasperation. "What Age were you planning to mention this to me? You do realize the gathering will be nearly over by the time I arrive?" "You can get there in time; you will just have to bestir yourself a trifle. It will be good for you; your life is too soft here—feather beds, royal cooks – " "Spiders, back-to-back patrols, Orcs—and may I repeat, spiders?" As usual, Thrandruil ignored minor points that did not contribute to his argument. He waved a hand airily. "All you young ones do is complain. Are you ready?" "Yes, if Aignor will stop fussing. Adar…take care while I am gone? You are a stubborn, irascible old elf but I would miss you a little if something happened to you." Legolas wished at times that he and his father were as open about their feelings as his friends in Imladris were, but the patterns of an Age were hard to change, and the two did care for each other deeply. Thranduil gripped his son's knee tightly but laughed up at him. "The nut falls not far from the tree, little leaf, for you have taken my stubbornness and doubled it, else there would be no journey at all! Now, be off with you!" Legolas signaled his elves and the group turned toward the path that led away from the palace. Those remaining behind raised their voices in song and soon the forest echoed with lovely melodies calling for good weather and the Valar's blessings. As the last glimpse of his son faded into the shadows of the woodland, Thranduil sighed and whispered, "Fare well, Greenleaf. Return safely to me." So it was that the prince finally left the dark wood behind him. As the warm rays of the early summer sun struck his face he laughed aloud and rose in his stirrups, singing a stirring ballad and urging his horse into a gallop. His escort caught his mood and soon all were racing along the Old Forest Road toward the Misty Mountains. Legolas felt a sudden intoxicating rush of anticipation; in just a little over a week he would meet his Hope! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx It was late evening in the Hall of Fire and the guests of the valley of Imladris as well as its residents were gathered to enjoy relaxing entertainments after the stresses of the day. As usual, tempers had flared as old grievances were brought forth to interfere with new alliances and treaties. Lord Elrond's headache pounded in rhythm with the bodhrans of the musicians as he moved among the crowd: smiling, bowing slightly, smiling, greeting with a brief touch, smiling, and yet more smiling. He mused that at times he would rather be a scullion than Lord of Imladris. At least they had the freedom to frown when they had a headache, and they would be in bed well before dawn. Far across the hall from the music, Erestor led a lively political discussion. He skillfully maneuvered the conversation into the channels he desired and by the time he was finished, several recalcitrant conference attendees believed that they had come up with the ideas Erestor had carefully inserted into their minds. As he glanced in that direction, Elrond smiled a genuine smile; watching the councilor appear to hang upon every word of the greatest idiot among three races was a delight, especially if you knew him well enough to imagine his internal comments about the hapless half-wit. Elrond watched his friend at work for a few moments longer, then swept his gaze across the hall. The sky had turned a red-streaked violet as the sun set behind the valley cliffs and Elrond had one particular appointment that could not be deferred. He began to search in earnest as he moved through the shifting crowd. For those seeking to escape both politics and the noise of the musicians, a quieter group by the fire told stories in hushed voices of the strange things that happen in lonely places when one is traveling all alone. Such stories are enjoyed by all races and this was an opportunity to have a friendly competition in producing thrilling shivers and gasps. The elder twin son of Elrond sat in this group, smiling slightly as a familiar tale was told. Against his side, pressed close, was another listener whose wide eyes spoke of intense interest or even fear. A sudden shudder brought Elladan's head around and he whispered, "Ah, young one, I think perhaps I should not have let you listen to this story. Let us go and find our brother and get you along to bed." The child clinging to his side grasped a handful of tunic in his hand and said urgently, "But I want to hear the end! What was the tapping and moaning? Was it – " He gulped, then continued on, dropping his voice to a hoarse whisper. "- Orc ghosts!" Groaning internally at the thought of the nightmares sure to torment his little brother, Elladan stood and pulled the human after him. "What an imagination you have! Orc ghosts! Orcs are too ugly to have ghosts. Ai, here comes Ada. Let us not tell him of these stories; he will think you are too young to hear them." The child nodded vigorously as he grinned up at Elladan. When he was smaller he had called what they were doing, 'hiding things from Ada.' Now, following the example of his brothers, he called it 'saving our Adar from needless worry when he has so many grave responsibilities.' It was wonderful having older brothers in oh, so many ways! The two, one a mature elven warrior and one a nine year old human, hurried to intercept the tall, beautifully robed figure that moved serenely toward them. The ruler of Imladris was dressed in full ceremonial robes of crimson and gold to honor his guests and his hair was elaborately braided, but he gracefully stooped down to accept the reaching arms of his foster son. "My Estel, I am very pleased with how well you have behaved this evening. And if my eyes do not deceive me, there is not one stain upon your new tunic. Will you go with Elladan and prepare for bed? I cannot leave our guests just now, but when I escort the nobles to their rooms I will look in on you." Estel frowned. "You did not say good-night to me last night. I waited and waited!" "It was very, very late when I came to your room, but I always look in on you, even if you are asleep." Elrond was well aware that the child that had been orphaned suddenly and violently needed to know he could trust the word of those he loved. Everyone in the Last Homely House was careful not to make casual promises to the boy whom they had sworn to nurture and protect. Estel's foster father gave