He wasn't sure when it changed for her but he knew when it changed for him. It was the night of the baseball game. It pained Jasper to feel Bella's sense of worthlessness. She didn't think she was worthy of love or affection or attention. He meant what he said to her. She was worth it—in every way. They became friends shortly after the family returned after Edward abandoned Bella in the woods (Jasper still wanted to rip his brother's throat out for the pain he had caused). Jasper was surprised to find that, when he apologized to her, Bella had forgiven him the moment after it happened. He thought for sure that she resented him—after all, he was the reason the family left in the first place. But for whatever reason, Bella still liked and respected him—and so a friendship was born. Of course Edward never let her be alone in the same room as his brother at first (even though Bella insisted), but they finally had opportunities to talk to one another and it turned out they had quite a bit in common. Jasper savored these times he had with Bella—when the family was out hunting. He always conveniently went hunting the day before, leaving him in charge of babysitting the human. He smiled and looked down at her sleeping form. She had her head on his chest and an arm draped across his waist. He traced his finger lightly across her bare shoulder and back—smirking as he remembered the pleasant activities they had engaged in only hours before. She shifted in her sleep and he heard her mumble, "I love you, Jasper." He knew she loved him—just as much as he loved her. But he remembered, with a pang in his dead heart, that Bella was still with Edward. They had talked a few times around the rest of the family and knew they had a lot of things in common—but the deeper conversations and subsequent friendship came about when Jasper ended up being the one to babysit Bella. He found himself purposely hunting before the family went in a group, which resulted in him staying home with Bella more often. They would talk for hours about anything and everything. He had mentioned to Bella that he had fought in the Civil War and he couldn't help the happiness he felt when she would ask him questions about it. She was interested in his past and he didn't hide anything from her or mince words the way Edward did. Of course she still didn't know about the scars. Jasper could tell that Bella felt some thing for him that was deeper than lust. He knew she wasn't quite sure about those feelings though. Bella also liked to talk to Jasper when she wanted to vent about something. He never interrupted or told her what to do—he just listened. He was good at that. On this particular day, Bella's rant was about Edward. "Why is he so overly cautious with me? I know he would never hurt me but he still refuses to go any further than chaste kisses and ugh, it's driving me crazy! I mean, is it me? Does he not find me desirable?" She stopped ranting and then said quietly, "Maybe if I changed my hair or clothes..." That just plain pissed Jasper off and even though he had refrained in the past, he couldn't help but ask, "Why do you let him do this to you?" She was taken aback. Clearly she hadn't expected him to actually say anything—he never did. He just listened. "W-what do you mean?" He stood up. "Hurt you!" He was angry now—not at her but at his brother. "Every time you're with him you feel inadequate!" Now she was angry too. "That's not true!" "I'm an empath, remember?" "Well... it's just because all of you are so perfect!" Jasper almost laughed. If only she could see just how imperfect he actually was. "Bella, a minute ago you were telling me that maybe Edward would find you more attractive if you changed something about yourself and that's fucking bullshit!" He was practically yelling now and he was right up in her face. "What the hell, Jasper?" "Don't you get it? Bella, you are beautiful and my brother is a fucking idiot if he can't see that!" He was breathing heavy now even though he didn't need to. The lust between the two of them was becoming unbearable and before he could talk himself out of it, he crushed his lips to Bella's and kissed her hard. He poured every ounce of his feelings into that kiss and after a few seconds, she began to kiss back. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her closer to him as he deepened the kiss. It was a proper kiss—one filled with passion, something his brother never dared show. Bella wrapped her arms around his neck and moaned into his mouth. He knew that she needed to breathe so he broke the kiss and turned his attention to her neck, pressing kisses down to her collar bone. She was breathing hard and once she could speak again, she asked, "W-what about Alice?" He looked up at for a mere second before turning his attention back to her neck. "What about Alice?" He pressed a soft kiss to her shoulder and then explained, "Alice and I were never together. We told the family we were married mostly to avoid questions. She's my best friend and I love her but there have never been romantic feelings from either of us. She'll keep the secret, if that's what you're wondering." Bella seemed to finally acknowledge Edward and she tore herself out of Jasper's arms. "We can't be doing this!" She was starting to panic now. You shouldn't be with Edward to begin with, Jasper thought angrily. He said nothing though. He knew she would be feeling guilty about cheating on Edward. "Jasper, what just happened?" Bella demanded. He sighed. "Bella, do you realize how heartbreaking it is to feel your insecurity every single time you're with my brother? He doesn't treat you the way you deserve to be treated." It went without saying that Jasper would treat her right, if given the opportunity. She stared at him, mouth agape before shaking her head and saying, "I'm sorry. I need to get out of here." Jasper didn't stop her as she ran up the stairs to Edward's room. He was convinced that he had fucked up in the few weeks after the kiss. Bella was clearly avoiding him and it pained him to think that he had lost the friendship they had built. He wasn't the one to babysit her anymore and as much as he wanted to talk to her, he respected her decision and said nothing. Four weeks after the kiss, Jasper ended up having to be the one to watch the human. He stood there with his hands in his pockets as she said goodbye to Edward and everyone else and then she just stood there. After a few seconds, she asked, "Are they gone?" "Yeah, they are." He was confused by her question. As soon as the words left his mouth, Bella was running towards him and had he not had vampire reflexes, the two of them would have ended up on the floor. He caught her as she wrapped her legs around his waist and kissed him urgently—the same way he'd kissed her four weeks ago. Bella opened her eyes slowly. She felt so relaxed at the moment. She felt a kiss on her forehead and looked up to see Jasper's gorgeous face. "Good morning, beautiful," he said softly. She smiled and kissed his chest, right over a particularly dense patch of scars. "Good morning. Whatcha thinking about?" She always asked him this when she woke up. "You." He smirked. "More specifically, that first time you jumped on me as soon as the rest of the family left." Bella blushed a deep shade of red. She remembered that day very vividly. The first time Jasper kissed her had left her conflicted. She loved Edward but he never kissed her with so much passion—or any passion. After that day, she found that his kisses no longer made her heart race. She could only think of Jasper and that amazing kiss her gave her. It wasn't a secret that Bella thought Jasper was attractive. He was taller and more muscular than Edward but not nearly as muscular as Emmett. Jasper was tall and lean and Bella often had to fight the urge to run her fingers through his honey blond hair every time it would fall in front of his eyes. He was also much, much easier to spend time with than anyone else in the family. He let her do her own thing, didn't hover or even worry about her. Any time she tripped, he caught her with a gentle laugh (it happened a lot, obviously). He was there to talk to when she wanted to talk to and if she wanted space, he gave it to her. He also made her feel wanted and desired. It didn't matter how many times Edward called her beautiful, he never seemed to believe his own words. He never so much as thought of her inappropriately. He was so perfect and she felt inadequate and ugly every time she was with him (it took a while for her to admit it to herself). The day of the kiss wasn't the first time she had contemplated changing her clothing or hair to make him want her more. But she didn't have to do that with Jasper—he wanted her just the way she was. Even though she originally felt guilty about kissing him back, four weeks of chaste kisses from Edward made her realize she wanted to kiss Jasper again. She wanted that passion and the feeling that someone found her attractive and desirable. So before she could talk herself out of it, the second Jasper told her the family was gone, she ran at him—jumping into his arms and kissing him the same way he had kissed her a month ago. He was stunned for all of two seconds before kissing back just as eagerly. She only broke the kiss when the need to breathe became too much. Jasper chuckled. "Wow. What was that about?" She felt herself blush. "I didn't want to give myself the chance to talk myself out of it." She was suddenly extremely aware of how close they were. She had her legs wrapped tightly around his waist and his hands were on her lower back, holding her up. She could see every individual fleck of gold in his eyes and two crescent shaped marks right above his left eyebrow. She had noticed them before and asked about them but he had brushed it off like it was no big deal. She felt him move and before she could blink, he was sitting on the couch and she was straddling him—and he was kissing her again. Her hands immediately went to the buttons of his shirt and she had gotten it halfway undone before he stopped her. He placed his hand gently over hers. "Wait." "What?" "I... I should probably warn you before you do that." Her eyes drifted up to those two crescent shaped marks that marred his perfect face. He knew where she was looking. "There are more where those came from." She reached out tentatively and touched one of the marks. "What are they?" "Look at your hand." Bella looked down at her wrist where James had bitten her. It was barely noticeable but it was a clear crescent shaped scar. She looked back at Jasper. "Those are vampire bites?" He nodded. "It's the only thing that can leave a mark on our skin." He looked away from her. "If you run away screaming, I won't blame you."