When Tonks decided for a night-time stroll in Grimmauld Place, the last thing she expected to meet with the scene in front of her… It had been a tough week both at work and in private, enough to turn her nights into a stressful, sleepless torture sessions. The work was tough because she was trying launch an investigation into yet another disappearance case, this time a half-blood shop owner, only to be blocked by the Minister's office, claiming there wasn't enough evidence to support it was a kidnapping, dismissing all the effort she put in. Everyone in the department was aware that the excuse was bullshit, but their hands were tied. She thought Amelia Bones was about to have a stroke as she explained to Tonks why the investigation suddenly ended. Tonks understood the conflict she was in, as a veteran of the first war that lost most of her family, her first instinct was to go wands blazing. But she also knew that Fudge was looking for the slightest opportunity to remove her, and she needed to stay in her post, just to make sure someone competent was leading Magical Law enforcement instead of a servant of You-Know-Who. An informant in such a key position would be able to inflict untold damage, something Bones would never allow. Her private life wasn't going too well either. The pickings were always slim for her admittedly high standards, and resurrection of You-Know-Who wasn't exactly a boost for dating life either. Risks of being spied limited her options, while her activities for the Order stole rest of her free time. It was not easy to sustain a relationship when one needed to every two out of three dates. She thought about dating with another Order member, but the idea crashed and burned pretty quickly. The number of suitable males was small already, Sirius, Remus, and Bill. Sirius was her cousin, so he was instantly out. She had no intention of following Malfoys when it comes to the familial relationships. Bill was trying to woo Fleur, leaving Lupin as her only candidate. She tried to woo him for the last few weeks, only to get subtly rejected every time. She finally decided to confront him openly, and he slid away, using his werewolf status as an excuse. She could understand if he wasn't attracted to her, but she could see his attraction in his eyes, yet he still rejected her, using his status as a Werewolf as an excuse, despite her assurances that it didn't matter. When she finally managed to destroy all of his excuses in that angle, excuses about their age disparity got added into the mix, generously sprinkled with other excuses, lack of money, unemployment… All that discussion left her pretty frustrated. On the one hand, she understood that he was coming from a hard life, and faced many challenges. But that didn't change the fact that his self-pitying attitude was as attractive as a wet sponge. She just hoped that he would get a little more optimistic as the time went, or her time in the Order would be quite boring. Still, the combined stress had been enough to prevent her her from falling asleep, so she decided to have a little stroll in Grimmauld Place, hoping a little exertion would help her to fall asleep when a noise from the library caught her attention. A cry of pleasure, its source hard not to identify. A blush immediately covered Tonk's face as her imagination went wild. She knew she needed to go back, doing otherwise would be a terrible invasion of privacy. That was why she was quite surprised when her feet decided not to listen to her and walked towards the library door. As soon as she arrived at the door, her hands joined the mutiny and pushed the door handle down, and forced her to walk inside. At least, that was what she tried to convince himself. And her eyes met with a scene she never thought she would see. Fleur was sprawled on a table, her back arched in pleasure, her tits swinging every time her hips connected with the person behind her, pleasure filled moans escaping her mouth despite her hand pressing her mouth shut. In shock, her eyes stuck to Fleur's pleasure filled expression, unblinking, Fleur's every moan making her curse herself for her decision to leave Bill alone, but she didn't know he was good enough to drill a Veela into euphoria. Then, a wordy moan escaped Fleur's mouth, shocking Tonks to the core. "Oh, Harry. Your cock is wrecking my pussy. Fuck me harder." Tonks' eyes jumped upwards in shock, only to see a head covered with raven-black hair with instead of reddish-orange reminiscent of a carrot. One with emerald eyes, eerily burning in the darkness, and a very distinctive lightning bolt on the forehead. Tonks barely thought as she hid behind a bookshelf instead of leaving the room, her mind busy with the latest revelation. She would never expect Harry together with Fleur, in his mind, he was still too young, barely out of his minor status even in the Muggle standards, but his ease with dominating someone like Fleur showed he was man enough where it counted. His physique was another point of surprise. She always thought Harry was a skinny boy, but looking at his naked body, covered only in a sheen of sweat that shone in the dimness of the library, there was no way to hide his lean, but muscular build. "It must be baggy clothes he always wears," she reasoned about missing the tasty treat lay under his clothes. Then, Harry pulled out of Fleur, his cock on display for her to examine. "Definitely baggy clothes," she cursed. "How else he would hide that monster." Tonks watched in astonishment as Harry ordered Fleur to suck his cock, and only reply Fleur, a headstrong, domineering witch whose traits only enhanced with her Veela ancestry just nodded happily and fell to her knees in front of Harry, her mouth already fully open. Harry pushed his cock inside her mouth, and Fleur started to struggle barely halfway, which was not a surprise. What came next, however, was definitely a surprise. Harry grabbed her head, and pushed his cock deeper, disappearing from the view bit by bit. Several sounds eerily akin to suffocation left Fleur's mouth, enough to force her to intervene if she didn't notice Fleur's hands busy with teasing herself, one hovering over her pussy, the other caressing her nipples. There was no doubt that Fleur was a willing participant. Willing, and very satisfied… Tonks suddenly remembered the situation she was in. She was hiding behind a creepy bookcase, watching as two of her acquaintances had sex. Hot, sweaty sex that filled participants with endless pleasure, leaving them with shaky knees, out of breath, and a relaxed euphoria. Tonks wanted to deny her own arousal, but it was hard to lie when one's own body took the stand as a witness. Her hair took the color of vermilion, her breasts grew a couple sizes, enough to make wearing a bra very uncomfortable. She unhooked her bra almost instantly, just to prevent the pain. Or at least that was what she said to herself, but she failed to come up with an excuse for her next move, her hands sneaking inside her blouse, meeting with her recently freed breasts, fondling them repeatedly. Nor she had an answer when one of those traitorous hands slipped inside her panties, rubbing circles around her clitoris. She tried to tell herself that only reason she was hiding there instead of hiding in a corner, because she was afraid of getting caught if she made any sudden movement, but she was aware just how ridiculous her excuses became, and focused her attention back to her fingers, rapidly sliding in and out in an attempt to finish before Harry and Fleur stopped. Her fingers quickened as Harry's moans started to get closer, but she wasn't able to trigger an orgasm of her own until Harry finally climaxed, filling Fleur's mouth with his seed, Fleur struggling to keep all in her mouth, only to fail. It was an amazing sight, a Veela trying to swallow, only to fail, a copious amount of it sliding down her bruised lips and ending on her breasts. The sheer eroticism of the scene was further enhanced when Fleur's hand landed on her breast, absentmindedly rubbing her chest with his seed, finally triggering an orgasm in Tonks, intense enough to result in a momentary loss of control, a loud moan of her echoing in the room. She jerked upwards in panic, afraid she would get caught, but a glance showed neither Harry nor Fleur noticed her, so she pulled closer to the bookshelf, still watching from the opening between the books. "That was amazing, 'arry," Fleur murmured even as she stood up, searching for her clothes, but Tonks noticed that every piece she managed to find was either in pieces, or had large tears, like they were removed with the application of a great physical force, something Fleur enjoyed immensely if the smile beaming on her face whenever she found a new piece was any indicator. Harry kept his gaze on her as she walked around the table, collecting her clothes. Not an unpleasant activity, Tonks surmised, considering Fleur was still very naked, displaying her perfection, shaking enticingly at every step. For the first time in her life, Tonks felt inadequate and jealous. Yes, she had ability mold her body to according to her desires like a dynamic sculpture, but Fleur was a masterpiece of Michelangelo, the subject of a beauty Tonks would be unable to replicate. "You were also incredible as always," Harry answered, putting his hand on her derriere. "Can't I interest you with another round?" he said, his tone hopeful. "I will even do the thing with the silk scarf and ice cubes that you love so much." Tonks saw Fleur shudder with visible pleasure. "I wish I can," Fleur said with real disappointment in her tone. "But I need to be at work in less than five hours, and I don't want to collapse midday." Her face suddenly perked up. "But I have a three-day break coming up. Why don't you throw another hissy fit and lock yourself in your room for a few days?" Tonks' chin fell down in shock, in a very literal sense considering her body-shaping abilities. Since he had started staying in the Grimmauld place, Tonks was aware of Harry locking himself to his room for long periods of time. For hours, sometimes even for days, he rejected communication with everyone after starting a fight for a silly reason. Before, she assumed they were childish tantrums. Apparently, she knew less about Harry than she ever presumed. "Nice," he said. "A three-day break is more than enough for it." His smile suddenly gained an edge, one that made Tonks remember tigers for some reason. "I don't see the reason not to put some rope into the equation." Fleur shuddered. "Maybe even some candle wax," Harry added, and a whimper escaped Fleur's mouth. "Really?" Fleur said enthusiastically and received a nod in return. She hugged him and spoke. "I really want to stay for a while, but your monster is already about to wake up. I need to go now, or I won't leave before the dawn." "Are you going to leave it hanging," Harry said with a smirk. "What about my needs." Fleur rolled her eyes. "I could never leave your side if I tried to keep that down permanently. Not that it's a bad fate." Then she did something that shocked Tonks' to the core. She turned, her blue eyes directly meeting with hers. She started speaking before Tonks could pull back, frozen by shock. "Why don't you use our dirty little voyeur instead," Fleur added, pecked Harry's lips, and disappeared with a crack