Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Rewritten as 27/5/16. Fleur Weasley, nee Delacour, let out a relaxed sigh as she prepared to apparate into her own home, happy that she had the opportunity to finally relax. Her last few weeks were akin to torture, due to a new discovery in one of the pyramids, she needed to work almost until morning every day, even weekends. Some days were so bad that she couldn't even gather the energy to apparate to her home, instead crashing into a couch in the office. But fatigue hadn't been the only challenge for her. She was a veela, and therefore quite sexual. It hadn't been a challenge for her before marriage, never experiencing its intoxicating grab. However, now that she got used to at least semi-regular sex thanks to her married state, she was almost in withdrawal, like she was trying to quit smoking. Despite her fatigue, she was feeling quite elated. Her work was completed, and she even got a two week holiday, same with her husband. Excitement flowed inside her as she imagined all the things they could do in this two-week span. Maybe she could even convince him to do some stuff he denied before. Her blue eyes started to seek her husband as soon as her soles pressed the floor of her own home, finding him in lying on a couch. Without a thought, she walked towards her husband, her allure unconsciously flaring a little. Dipping her head, was about to kiss him, but then she noticed a slightly glassy-eyed look on his face. A bit annoyed despite knowing there is nothing he could do, she pulled back, trying to suppress her enthusiasm. "Hello honey," Bill said with a smile. "How was your day?" "It was good," she answered, slight bitterness in her tone went unnoticed. She always hated it whenever she got too enthusiastic, her husband fell under the daze of her allure. Fleur knew that it wasn't his fault, she was unusually gifted, or cursed, in the strength of her allure, it was almost as tough as an Imperius to shook off. So she sat next to him, and placed her head on his shoulder, enjoying his warmth as he listened to the match, Hollyheads against Magpies. She sighed, relaxed, enjoying the moment of calmness. However, her comfort was disturbed by a knock on the door. Sighing, she pulled back, striding towards the door. She couldn't help but put some extra swing to her hips, feeling her husbands' eyes glued to her swaying hips. "Come back quickly," Bill shouted from behind, "I have plans for you." Fleur chuckled a little as she continued towards the door, wondering who it was to drop unannounced. Only a few people had access to the wards, and none of them would arrive without something paramount. Pulling the door open, she met with one of the last people she would expect in her door. "Hello, Fleur," the man said with a slightly hesitant expression on his face. "May I come in?" "Hi, Harry," she answered trying to sound enthusiastic, but she couldn't help a bit of hostility to seep into her voice, annoyed that her plans about her husband were delaying considerably. "I should go," Harry said hesitantly. Fleur felt a little bad, no doubt he felt the hostility in her voice. She looked at him carefully. His clothes were in good condition, but mismatched, like he left the home in a hurry, wearing the first pieces he managed to reach. Fleur felt a little bad, she knew Harry was famous for almost never asking for any favors, so whatever brought him here must have been something important. "No Harry, please come in," she said, keeping her voice pleasant. "I insist." "Thanks, Fleur," Harry answered, a small, but bright smile blossoming on his face as he stepped inside. She followed him, hoping that her husband wouldn't be annoyed that they had a surprise guest. Walking behind, she heard her husband greet Harry enthusiastically, and started to bombard him comments about Quidditch. Fleur smiled a little, glad that at least her husband didn't take it too seriously. She chose to sat in the chair, picking up a magazine to browse, reasoning if Harry didn't push to talk instantly, the problem cannot be that urgent. She heard her husband asking why Harry was here when the match slowed a bit. "Well," Harry started explaining. "Ginny and I had a small fight." Hearing this, Fleur couldn't help but wince reflexively. While usually pleasant, Ginny was an absolute fireblast whenever she was ticked off. She found it a bit weird that Harry and she had a fight, as Ginny almost worshiped at Harry, but if Harry's slightly amused expression was any indicator, it must be something small that was blown out of proportions, considering he was amused instead of being dejected. "So I need a place to stay for a while, and I cannot stay at a hotel, the newspapers would have gone crazy after catching such a break," he continued, making Fleur's thoughts come to a screeching halt. "Can I stay here for a couple of days." "Of course, you can," Bill chuckled before Fleur could say anything, "You are family after all." Fleur felt dejected as the both men continued to discuss sports. Despite his bold looks, her husband was relatively puritanical as long as anything sexual was concerned, only bedroom, a limited number of positions and a couple of other silly restrictions. Even then, she wouldn't feel so annoyed if one of these restrictions hadn't been the reluctance to have sex whenever the others were at home. At least his conviction on that rule wasn't something she couldn't overcome with a little bit foreplay, but her plans of finally convincing him to became slightly more adventurous around the home was shot. "Well, how about I cook you guys dinner, a small way to pay you back for helping me," Harry suddenly spoke, enthusiasm apparent in his voice. "Oh Harry there is no need, please don't bother" Fleur interjected in panic. She could still remember the state of her kitchen after the last time Bill tried to prepare a surprise dinner, and less said about her fathers' kitchen adventures, the better. The last thing she needed was to spend her time cleaning the kitchen. "Oh please, it is no bother." He stood up, asking, "Now where was the kitchen?" "Second door on the right," Fleur said in a slightly drained tone, readying herself for a disaster. She assumed her fears had become the reality when she heard Harry shouting from inside, asking for her help. She started to walk, her steps reminiscent of the last steps of a convict, walking towards the gallows. The state of the kitchen was radically different than her expectations. Instead of waste filled ground and some burning utensils, she saw two skillets, their contents slowly simmering under a slow fire, while Harry was using a third to glaze some kind of meat pieces, chopping some apples in intricate patterns. "Hey, Fleur, where do you guys keep the heavy cream, I wasn't able to find," Harry said, as he chopped, his eyes locked on the preparation area. "Let me check," Fleur answered, trying to skip the shock she was in. "We do have some regular cream if you want," she said after browsing the contents of the fridge for a bit. "Hmm, I would need to adjust the recipe a bit, but I can't see any reason why it wouldn't work out. Can you help me chop these mushrooms?" he asked, pushing a bag of mushrooms in front of her. Picking a large blade, she started to dice the mushrooms. "What are we preparing?" she asked, curious. "Sautéed brussels sprouts and apple with prosciutto," Harry answered. "With the addition of a simple creamed fettucini with chicken breast and mushroom, and some rucola salad with goat cheese on the side." Fleur listened as he listed the dishes, her mouth watering just with the names of the dishes. Never a fan of English cuisine, the food Harry was preparing sounded extremely appealing to her. "Really Harry, foreign food," she commented, wanting to tease him a little. "What happened to trusty old English cuisine?" "I know it's not your favorite, so international is a better choice. Also, you didn't hear my wine choice yet." "What is it?" Fleur asked, feeling a little excited. Growing up in a wealthy family, she developed a taste for good wine, a taste she wasn't able to indulge as much as she wished due to economic concerns. He turned his head from the preparations, first time since she entered the room, and started speaking. "A 1946 Château Rieussec Sémillon-Sauvignon Blanc, an exquisite white from the dusty corners of the Black cellar." He chuckled a bit, looking at Fleur's slackjawed expression, then continued, "Surprising for a family of blood purist, they have an impressive cellar of mundane wines." "Thanks, Harry," she said with a full blown smile, stopping herself from enthusiastically hugging him, not wanting to give a wrong impression, but she continued to help him prepare the food. Maybe his stay wasn't such a bad thing after all. Fleur changed her mind, Harry's stay was a terrible thing. She took a deep breath, trying to suppress her annoyance, after all, it wasn't Harry's fault, he was just trying to be a good host. It was her husband's fault, eating too much, and indulging one too many glasses of whiskey, and now he was sleeping like a pig. To be fair, Fleur herself hadn't been a paragon of control either, indulging a few more glasses of wine than it was strictly necessary, but different than her husband, it only made her more aroused, not sleepy. Feeling dejected, she gazed the full body mirror in the room, assessing her reflection. She gazed upon her magnificent breasts, spilling out of the low cut, red negligee she was wearing, with the matching thongs barely covering her enticing womanhood and doing nothing to cover her apple shaped bottom. Her slim but curvy figure was on display thanks to the transparent fabric of her negligee. The fabric wasn't transparent in the chest area, but it was too thin to hide her nipples, rock hard in arousal. But since her husband preferred to sleep instead of tasting the delicacy she was, she lay down next to him without changing, prepared for the morning. She had woken up, not with her husband's eager caresses as she assumed, but with the sound of an owl, flapping its wings noisily. Without cracking her eyes, she asked, "What is going on honey, why is there a ruddy bird in our bedroom at this godforsaken hour?" "Well," he droned in a tone he always used whenever he was about to say something that would annoy his wife. Fleur opened her eyes, wanting to see what was going on, only to see his husband, already half dressed, trying to fill a small backpack with clothes. "What-is-going-on?" Fleur asked, stressing every word. She could feel that another part of her veela heritage was starting to awaken. Noticing the signs, Bill quickly explained. "Honey, there is a class 4 emergency in one of the tombs in lower Egypt, I need to go now." Seeing a fireball started to gather in her hand, he quickly rushed to placate her. "But as soon as I get back, we will go to France for a holiday, spending all of my bonus, okay?" With a frustrated growl, Fleur threw the fireball she was holding at the wall, leaving a scorch mark despite fire-resistance charms. "When you need to leave," Fleur asked, at least hoping for a quicky before he left. "Now," Bill answered, an apologizing expression on his face, and he disappeared with a swirl of a portkey, leaving her alone in the room. Fleur stood there for a second, frozen, then started to swear, almost shouting. Her husband