Author notes: Warnings: This story is focused on lemons. So if this is not your cup of tea, do not read it. Also, there is an important change. In this story, the students are accepted to Hogwarts when they are at least 15 years old, so all characters are at least 18 years old when the story commences. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Turning a new leaf Yule Ball was a highly anticipated event for all students eighteen years or older, and Harry Potter was no exception. Harry was quite keen to use the opportunity to relax a little. After all, this year had been even his worst to date. And considering that his previous three years were filled with a myriad of dangers, from fifty-foot snakes with killer gazes to giant spiders, soul-sucking prison guards to dark lord wraiths, it was quite an achievement. Inevitably, his thoughts shifted towards the beginning of the year; of his hopes for a normal year, finally free of mortal danger. However, his peculiar luck had struck again, forcing him to compete in a tournament that had been abandoned for high mortality rate. Of course, that wasn't enough to satisfy whichever deity that was controlling his life, so he had been chosen as the Fourth Champion, adding some much-needed controversy to an already deadly situation. The response from student body had been diverse at first. For some, it was another crazy Harry Potter stunt to keep himself in the limelight. But this time, there was a significant amount of sceptics that doubted Harry was the responsible. After all, the selections were ruled by an ancient magical artifact. Seeing that, for a short time, Harry had dared to hope that rationality might prevail. However, things went downhill when his so called best mate publicly took a stance against him, declaring him a cheat and a glory-hound. With that declaration, the doubters shifted against him pretty quickly, and Harry found himself alone. This time, even Hermione's support was missing, staying neutral between Harry and Ron. Feeling betrayed, Harry stopped interacting with people unless it was absolutely necessary. Hermione had started to hand around Ron, that was until he managed to drive her crazy with one too many insensitive comments. With Lines drawn, the response from rest of the school went just as expected. Hating him before they even met him, Slytherins were fully in the against camp, doing the best they could to make his life difficult. Always ready to jump on the bandwagon, Hufflepuff was the next, hating him like they did in his second year. The fact that he was outshining one of their rare moments in the limelight wasn't really helping either. Ravenclaw joined the majority attitude, not caring enough to go against the grain. Still, the response of his fellow Gryffindors managed to surprise him. Forgetting all the times Harry fought and bleed for them, bringing Quidditch and House Cups, even saving their lives, they decided to distance themselves from Harry, trying to separate themselves from the eventual humiliation he were going to suffer in the hands of students three years older than him. To make things worse, like deserting him wasn't enough, many people in the house started to bully him in small ways, 'accidental' shoulder slams, throwing his stuff to garbage by 'accident', charming the portrait door not to open for him. These small things started to paint a familiar portrait. Small abuses, uncaring gazes… It was just like Dursleys. Apparently, when McGonagall said that the house was their family, she meant a model more familiar to Harry's case. Slowly but surely, the impression that Hogwarts had been a lovely home for him shattered. After experiencing the Gryffindor's response, the response of the teaching staff hadn't been a surprise. Not even deigning to announce his participation was involuntary, they showed just how much they cared about his wellbeing. Some of them went even further, actually deriding him in many subtle ways, or in Snape's case, not so subtle. Flitwick settled in a professional but frosty attitude, an abrupt change from his usual cheerful mannerism. Sprout was just a step behind Snape in actual hostility. McGonagall was the one that disappointed him the most. She only interacted in the cases that Harry chose to retaliate, giving him detentions while the leading culprits went scot-free. Only one teacher treated him decent, Moody, but Harry was a bit apprehensive about trusting him. After all, either accidental or deliberate, all three Defense Against Dark Arts teachers almost killed him. At least, not all were negative. A few weeks into the school year, through a chance meeting, he learned Dobby was currently a Hogwarts employee. After explaining his situation to the excitable elf, Harry found both a helping hand and an ear to vent. He brought him food, helped to repair his destroyed stuff, he even diffused most of the tricks of Weasley twins. To make things even better, he showed Harry an excellent place to study and practice magic, a room with the ability to take any form the user wished. He trained there, ate there, he even slept there from time to time, when the attitudes in the dorm became unbearable. As the days rolled on, Harry noticed an unexpected benefit from the rejection he had been suffering. He was finally free from all the distraction caused by his friends and other students, especially after he started to use Champion Exemption to skip classes. Distraction free, and motivated by the looming death and humiliation risk of the first task, he threw himself into training, causing his magical abilities to improve leaps and bounds. Things changed radically after the first task. Unaware of his opponent until he drew a miniature dragon from the poach Bagman was carrying -apparently his opponents somehow already knew it, considering the absolute lack of surprise in their faces- panic momentary took his senses. But a few minutes later, while waiting for Fleur to finish his task, it occurred him that the Dragon was an easy opponent compared to a Basilisk, at least he would be free to use his eyes, he was still in possession of his wand, and there was no shade of Voldemort -hopefully. At least his luck held true this time, picking the Chinese Fireball as his opponents, the most dangerous looking one going to Cedric. Second in line, his turn went much better than he estimated. When he stepped into the arena, he met with derisions and insults instead of applause, though it didn't faze him after two months of constant insults. He took a deep breath, casting a Patronus as a distraction, rapidly followed by several Falcons to fly around the Dragon, threatening its eyes. He assisted his construct with several spells to overload dragon's senses, bad smells, flashes of light and loud noises. In the following ruckus, it had been remarkably easy to sneak a dog into the Dragon's nest, stealing the egg without a scrap. The sharp change in the attitudes of the people was enough to make him nauseous. His victory, together with Cedric's failure due to an unlucky tail swipe, had been sufficient to push him on the top of the school totem. Three houses started to act friendly once again, while Slytherin pulled back, intimidated by his clear display of skill, casting several complicated spells one after another, spells that lied outside the skill of most seventh years. Harry hadn't been surprised to see Ron was one of the first to apologize, wanting to mooch off his success. But his half-assed apology wasn't enough for Harry, especially after he proved that just how unreliable he could be when it really matters. He was disgusted by their hypocrisy, and for a moment he seriously considered confronting them about it. But after some consideration, he decided not to go with it. However, this time, his attitude was far from altruistic. If they were not willing to show a shred of respect and loyalty towards him, he no longer had any complications about milking his popularity for all it's worth, at least until the next reputation shift. "Anyway," Harry murmured as he tried to shape his hair to look like anything other than a bird's nest, at least not like a particularly messy one. "This night is all about fun, not to wallow in past." He started to think about the possibilities the ball promised. He took a deep breath, trying to reign in his excitement, but it was a challenging prospect as he imagined the possibilities the night carried, especially towards the later hours. A lascivious smile appeared on his lips as he thought about his date to the ball. Wanting to have a fun night, Harry preferred to invite Lavender Brown as his date. Not only she was beautiful -a pretty face, long blond hair, and curves just at the right places- but also she had a tendency to overawed by flashy things. And going to the ball with one of the champions of a prestigious tournament, who was also a national celebrity, definitely fit the bill. Stopping his musings, he checked his black and emerald robes for the one last time before leaving his dorm, stepping inside the Common room. Wanting to pass time, he looked around, observing other students, loitering around as they waited for their dates. As usual, Neville was a trembling mess, his face pasty white. Seamus was standing together with Dean, glaring at him, but afraid to say anything. He was angry about Harry asking Lavender to the ball, but lacked the courage to say anything about it, settling to glare impotently. Ron wasn't around, Harry had heard that he had a date from Ravenclaw, so he probably was already there. While waiting, he met up with another surprise, Hermione. She was walking down the stairs, wearing a sky-blue robe. His eyebrows raised in appreciation, she had cleaned up much better than he would have assumed possible, her hair straight, her robe tight enough to show she had a body of a woman instead of a girl, something that had been obscured by her loose school clothing. Harry was already planning to accept her silent apology after letting her stew for a little more, but he would have been quicker about it if he knew just what lay under these baggy school robes. A minute later, Lavender appeared at the stairs, chasing all the thoughts about Hermione from his mind. She was wearing a midnight blue robe, her hair gathered as a loose bun, enhancing her slender neck and pretty face. He smiled in appreciation as he glanced at her body, examining the way her robe clung to her curves, hinting of the treasures hidden underneath. Her face was alight with excitement as she slowly walked down the stairs, the swaying of her hips enough to hypnotize an unprepared observer. "Good evening, milady," Harry said; wearing a crooked smile as he took her hand, pressing his lip to back of her delicate hand, her fresh, delicate perfume caressing his nose. "Tonight, your beauty outshines the moonlight." "Thanks, milord," Lavender said, trying to stand stoic, but she was unable to prevent a small giggle from escaping, destroying the stoic, distant image she was trying to present. She let her gaze fall upon Harry, examining for few seconds. "You also have cleaned nicely." Harry let out a chuckle and raised his arm. "Shall we." Lavender gently placed her hand on his arm and they started their trek towards great hall, re-purposed as a ballroom for the night. Busy with small talk, they arrived at the small room that would house the champions until the ball starts. He was a bit surprised to see Hermione next to Krum, but his victorious smile was a good explanation about it. Apparently, he counted that as come kind of victory against him. To be fair, Harry was annoyed a bit, but he gave no outward signal, choosing to smile magnanimously,