AN: This is a continuation of a series of stories titled Interrupted Journeys. Part One (New Journeys), Part Two (Journeys Perforce) and Part Three (Journeys Begin) have already been posted. It should not be necessary to read those parts of the series to understand this story, though you might understand the characters a bit better if you did. The series as a whole covers a lot of ground: Thranduil's first years as king, his decision to move his people north to the stronghold, the birth of Legolas and his youth all the way to their journeys to Valinor in the Fourth Age. Some parts may be more interesting to some people than others. This part of the story is about Legolas's youth until he comes of age. Most of the chapters stand alone and are only vaguely related. Most of the chapters are very 'fluffy' until Legolas gets nearer adulthood. Any Sindarin used is translated at the end of each chapter. I am not an elf so if you see something incorrect please tell me and I will fix it. I hope you enjoy this part of Interrupted Journeys. Chapter 1: Lessons "We are going to get in trouble for this," Eirienil warned as Galithil and Legolas seized her wrists and dragged her to the library door. They looked cautiously in both directions down the corridor before slipping out of the room. Berior tagged along happily behind them, a smile on his lips and his eyes bright but focused on the end of the corridor. Legolas glanced at him and stifled a laugh. His cousin was obviously already seeing visions of green grass and tall trees and Legolas understood that all too well. It was finally spring after a very long winter and the elflings were finding it more difficult than normal to concentrate on their lessons. When Eirienil continued to resist being pulled along the corridor, Legolas turned his eyes to her and sighed at her scowling expression. Her voice had already been loud enough to be heard all the way to the Gates. If she continued to argue, they would be discovered. Normally, he enjoyed his cousin's company, since they shared a great number of interests in common, but she was only two years older then he and all too often she behaved as if she were in charge. That rankled Legolas and he knew it simply infuriated Galithil. "We will only be in trouble if we get caught," Galithil echoed Legolas's thoughts, whispering through clenched teeth and turning momentarily to glare at Eirienil. "And we will only get caught if someone hears you. So do not talk so loudly." Eirienil planted her feet and twisted free of her cousins' grasp. Then she grabbed Legolas and Galithil's sleeves to prevent them from creeping further along the corridor. "We are going to be caught the moment Master Rodonon returns to the library and notices we are gone," she said firmly. "We are going to be caught as soon as we try to walk through the Gates. The guards know we are supposed to be in lessons." Galithil rolled his eyes. "The Palace Guard is not informed of elflings' study schedules, Eirienil. They have far more important things to concern themselves with," he insisted. "All we have to do is walk past them as if nothing is wrong and we will be free in the forest. Once we are there, Rodonon cannot 'catch' us." Berior nodded. "He never comes out of the library. He certainly will not pursue us into the trees," he added, obviously unable to understand why their tutor preferred his stuffy old scrolls to the forest. Legolas snorted softly at Berior's tone but remained focused on persuading Eirienil to go with them. "Once outside, we can go find out what the secret is that Tulus told Berior awaits us in the barn," he reminded her, knowing the existence of that secret had been eating away at Eirienil's sense of curiosity as much as his own since Berior had mentioned it at the beginning of their morning lesson. Eirienil released her cousins' tunics and held up her hands for a moment in dramatic resignation before putting them on her hips. "Do as you wish," she said, shaking her head, "but I am not going. You will come to understand the flaw in your logic as soon as you return from the forest and walk into the family dining room for the evening meal." As Legolas, Galithil and Berior exchanged concerned glances in response to that prediction, Eirienil raised one eyebrow and nodded meaningfully. Galithil immediately frowned. "You think you know everything but you are just afraid of your adar," he said challengingly. Her father, Golwon, was by far the strictest parent in the family. Eirienil nodded unashamedly. "Yes I am, and you should show the same sense. Even your adars will not approve of us leaving our lessons without permission," she said looking at Galithil and Berior. Berior's father, Celonhael, was very indulgent but even more so was Galithil's father, Aradunnon. He was the king's younger brother and had a reputation for being a troublemaker himself. Berior and Galithil got away with much more than Eirienil did. She turned her gaze on Legolas. "And your adar is not going to react any better than mine," she threatened. Legolas pressed his lips together and remained silent but he could not deny that she was right. His father could be every bit as indulgent as either Celonhael or Aradunnon in many ways, but he had little tolerance for breaking rules. And as much as Legolas wanted to ignore that they were indeed breaking a rule, he could not. Galithil frowned at Legolas's wavering expression. "Legolas, do not listen to her. If you do not come, Berior will not either. He always does what you do. And I do not want to go alone. It will be boring then," he pleaded. Legolas sighed. "She is right, Galithil. We would be better off just finishing the maps Rodonon told us to draw so he will dismiss us. Then we can go visit Tulus in the barn and play in the forest until evening meal." Galithil's mouth twisted in a disappointed scowl and he drew a sharp breath to make a retort, but a deep voice from the end of the corridor ended the argument once and for all. "What do you think you are doing?" it demanded with an irate tinge. The children flinched and turned wide eyes in the direction of the voice to see Thranduil and Rodonon standing at the library door. They had been so involved in their argument that they had not heard the king and their tutor approach from the other end of the hall. Grouped together, crouched down slightly and pressed against the wall, Legolas realized that he and his cousins must look like mice caught in a trap. And so they were. They stared at Thranduil silently. Thranduil narrowed his eyes at the children. "Get your materials from the library and go back to the family quarters. Finish the maps you were assigned to draw in your parents' rooms while you wait for us to come speak to you. You may not leave if you finish them before we arrive. Understood?" "Yes, uncle," three small voices chorused. Even Galithil's tone was respectful in the face of Thranduil's obvious anger. "Yes, ada," Legolas said with his cousins, looking down. "Get moving," Thranduil ordered. The four elflings quickly scampered around Thranduil and Rodonon, gathered their papers from the table in the library and ran back to the family quarters without saying a word. Legolas loosed a loud sigh and continued to pace aimlessly around his parents' room. He had finished the map hours ago. After inspecting the room for anything interesting to occupy his time and finding only his mother's books of poetry and the books his father referenced while doing his work at night, Legolas had returned to the map and added more details to it than his tutor had assigned simply for something to do. Now that he had made the map as complete as possible, Legolas was reduced to stalking around the room again. He knew his father had sent he and his cousins to their parents' rooms instead of their own rooms specifically because there were plenty of toys in each of the elflings' rooms and they were being punished. With another loud sigh, Legolas flung himself into the padded chair his father normally occupied and stared at the wall opposite it. Being confined to this room was certainly an effective punishment, he thought, sighing yet again. His eyes wandered the room, roaming over the mural his father had painted on the largest wall. It was a field of summer wild flowers shaded by a large oak tree. He tore his gaze from it in frustration—the painting was a poor substitution for a real green glade, which was where Legolas longed to be. He looked at his father's sword and bow in their place on the wall. He had long since learned not to touch those. His eyes followed the wall to fall on his father's desk, his mother's dressing table and their wardrobes. As a very small child, when he stayed in this room with his parents, Legolas had enjoyed looking at the small treasures in the unlocked drawers of those places, but that no longer held any interest for him. He knew their contents well. Thinking that, Legolas's attention turned to the trunk that sat at the end of his parents' bed. He had asked once what was kept in that trunk and the answer had only fueled his curiosity—keepsakes his father would not be parted from. Legolas always wanted to know more, but Thranduil said he would show him the items in that trunk when he was old enough to understand them. Legolas shifted in the chair to better study the trunk's carved wooden planks, dark and worn with great age. Exploring its contents would certainly be an interesting way to pass the time, though if he were caught, he would be in even more trouble. Legolas stared thoughtfully at the trunk. His father had never specifically told him that he was forbidden to open it, but Legolas knew that the promise to share its secrets with him later implied that he was expected to respect his father's privacy now. Of course, that promise and implied expectation had been made nearly ten years ago. He was older now, Legolas reasoned. After moment's hesitation, the elfling hopped out of the large chair and padded silently to the trunk. With a glance at the outer door of his parents' room, Legolas tried the lid. It lifted without resistance—the trunk was not locked. Legolas let the lid close without opening it fully but he did not move. Everything that children were strictly forbidden to explore in the stronghold was securely locked. Legolas and his cousins had discovered that when trying to explore some of the rooms in the lower levels of the caverns. Legolas glanced again at the door. His father would be working for several more hours before he would have time to come speak to errant elflings—plenty of time to inspect the contents of this trunk without anyone having to know. "I will only peek," Legolas said softly to himself as he slowly lifted the heavy lid of the trunk. "I will not touch anything." A musty smell arose from the trunk as it opened, making Legolas wrinkle his nose as he let the lid of the trunk fall back against the foot of his parents' bed. Inside the trunk was a neatly packed assortment of pouches and boxes and items wrapped in cloth. Legolas frowned. He could not really tell what anything was. He ran one finger along a long, thin, flat object wrapped in a silk cloth. It was hard and cold under his touch. Hooking his finger under