AN: This is a continuation of a series of stories titled Interrupted Journeys. Parts One through Seven have already been posted. It should not be necessary to read those parts of the series to understand this story, though you might understand the characters a bit better if you did. This part of the story is set in Legolas's childhood. It explores the canon events in 1980-1981 TA from the point of view of the Woodland Realm. (It is rated PG-13 for battle violence and OC death.) . .when the terror came out of Moria and the Dwarves were driven out, in their stead Orcs crept in ... Unfinished Tales Chapter One: The terror of Moria Deep in the shadow of the mountain, Dolgailon crouched low amongst a tangle of black roots and branches. They twisted around him like devouring snakes, providing the only cover that he and Colloth had against the eyes of the Enemy. It was a poor cover indeed. Placing the palm of his hand against one of the branches, trying to touch its slimy surface as little a possible, he peered at the rocks that rose above him only a few hundred paces away. Dol Guldur. Orcs swarmed around it like flies about a corpse, feeding off the dark mist that hung in the air, stagnant and putrid with decay. This was the first time that anyone had ventured so close to Dol Guldur in hundreds of years. Anyone who had returned to tell the tale, at any rate. An orc ambled within a sword's swing of Dolgailon, its guttural breaths echoing around them. Acutely aware that he had not yet returned to tell the tale of what he had found himself, Dolgailon flattened himself against the grimy rocks and remained stock still. Enduring the proximity of his face to the filthy ground was certainly preferable to capture, but it was revolting just the same. The orc's panting breaths quickened. Something had aroused it. The scent of elves? Dolgailon slowly closed his hand around the hilt of his sword. If the orc had seen or smelled them, he and Colloth were dead. There were too many orcs in the vicinity to entertain any reasonable hope of escape should an alarm be raised. But he would make certain there were many fewer orcs before he died himself. The orc stopped, just a few paces away, but Dolgailon did not dare risk moving to turn and look at it. A moment later, he heard a trickling sound and a salty stench arose around them. Dolgailon clenched his jaw in an effort to not gag and lifted his face a few inches from the ground despite the danger of being seen. A few moments later, the orc released a growling, satisfied sigh as the trickling sound stopped. Leather and metal slapped together as he gave himself a little shake, then his heavy footfalls resumed, carrying him further away from the mountain. "Enough," whispered a voice in Dolgailon's ear. It was accompanied by a tug on his tunic. Colloth moved off northward through the knots of branches. Dolgailon took one last, long look at the mountain, pausing to sense anything he might. Then he followed, slipping through the meager cover on his hands and knees, silent as a shadow. Every time his hand fell into one of the dark little puddles of stench that pooled here and there amongst the rocks, he could not restrain himself from jerking away sharply. He and Colloth traveled as swiftly as they dared, ever alert for orcs, or worse things, until hours later they came back to a small crypt formed by a broad, dead tree trunk and several large stones that jutted high into the air. The stones had holes drilled into them, as if a door had once hung on them and sealed the little room, but that door had long ago rotted away. Dolgailon and his companions on this expedition had called it a crypt when they found it because, in its hollow, they had found the bones of several creatures, along with remnants of orc armor and the sorts of buttons and buckles that would be used on elven clothing. It was a good hiding place, offering both shelter and security, so they camped in it, agreeing not to think too much about the fates of its former occupants. As they approached the crypt, Dolgailon spotted his regular guard, Galudiron, peering from behind the rocks. Ostensibly, he had the watch, but Dolgailon knew that Galudiron would be watching for him whether or not it was his current duty to guard their encampment. The argument over who would provide Dolgailon's escort to Dol Guldur had been heated. In the end, Colloth had won, since he had been the guard to accompany Aradunnon to that dread place several time before and had been one of the few to enter its passages since it fell under the Shadow. Colloth exchanged a nod with Galudiron as he and Dolgailon entered the crypt. Everyone inside looked at Dolgailon intently. Galudiron studied him for signs of injury. Morillion and Ostarndor waited anxiously to hear what Dolgailon had seen. "Even around the mountain I saw many fewer orcs than I would have expected," Dolgailon whispered. This far into the Enemy's undisputed territory, not even the Elvenking's Troop Commander dared to speak in a clear voice. "They are still there in great numbers, to be certain," Colloth added, "but not as many as the last time we attacked the fortress in the mountain." That caused Morillion and Ostarndor to raise their eyebrows and look at Dolgailon expectantly. Dolgailon shook his head swiftly. "I do not intend to attack it," he said in a tone that brooked no argument. He would not attempt that, for no other reason than, if he proposed such a plan to the king, he would likely find himself locked up in a little cell like this one under the stronghold after being condemned for dangerous insanity. "Then why take the risk of approaching it?" Ostarndor demanded. He had been the captain of the Southern Patrol since Dolgailon was relieved of that duty. He had been an officer of that patrol since the first battle against the evil in Dol Guldur. His bitter disappointment was unmistakable. "I wanted to know if I would still sense the same presence there that we always have sensed there, and I did," Dolgailon answered. Everyone knew what the presence was-the intense evil that drew the orcs and spiders and fed them. "I wanted to see if I would find any of the Nazgul about there, since it has been so long since they have appeared anywhere else in the forest," he added. Then he shook his head to indicate he had not. Both Ostarndor and Morillion frowned. "While you were gone, another large contingent of orcs passed, heading west to the border," Morillion commented. This far south, Morillion's troops, the warriors in the Western Patrol, would not encounter those orcs. But it was Morillion that first reported the orcs' travels westward out of the forest. The reason for their movements was the mystery he most wanted to solve. After all, anything that amassed on the western border might eventually be his problem. "How long ago?" Dolgailon asked. "An hour, maybe less," Morillion replied. Dolgailon reached for his small pack. "We will follow them. We are finished here and now I want to see what the orcs are doing in the west." Morillion and Ostarndor seemed very satisfied with that order. Colloth and Galudiron were much less so. "Those orcs are leaving the forest, commander," Galudiron said, catching Dolgailon's arm as he moved to leave the crypt. "Good riddance. Outside the forest they are not our problem." "We do not know that until we see what they are doing outside the forest. This is all very bizarre behavior, Galudiron. I want to understand it so that I am certain our borders are properly defended." "How far onto the plain do you intend to follow them?" Colloth asked. "As far as I must to find out what they are doing there or where they are going," Dolgailon responded. And he strode out of the crypt. Thranduil nodded a greeting to the two guards standing on either side of the Gates. Presently, they were standing straight as an arrow, due to the presence of their King. Only a moment earlier, before they noticed the King, they were standing at the very edge of the landing that led up to the bridge, barely at their posts, and they were completely focused on the training field beyond the Green, which was not where their attention belonged at all. Thranduil eyed them a moment longer and then he stepped up onto the bridge that crossed the river and surveyed the Green, searching for his father-in-law. The guards in the family quarters told him that Amglaur had accompanied Legolas, Galithil and Berior onto the Green, but neither he nor the children seemed to be amongst the elves dancing and singing in front of the stronghold now. A thunderous uproar of voices drew Thranduil's gaze to the training field. There, on the far edge of the field, a large group of warriors lined both sides of a trail leading into the forest. They were all leaning forward to peer down the trail, cheering louder and louder by the moment. A horse race, Thranduil concluded, given that several well lathered horses were grazing in the field, waiting to be returned to the barns for a nice bath. Then Thranduil raised his eyebrows. There was Amglaur-with the warriors, cheering loudly enough that his voice raised above the others. Surely Amglaur was not gambling with the warriors! Shaking his head, Thranduil started across the bridge. It was just as well that his father-in-law was enjoying himself now, since the news that Thranduil intended to give him was somewhat alarming. As Thranduil walked across the field, the cluster of warriors swiftly spilt apart. Thranduil's eyebrows rose again, this time even higher. At the very head of the path he could now see all of Legolas's friends and cousins standing near Amglaur. Berior, along with a young warrior opposite him on the other side of the path, stood with an arm extended out over the path, apparently marking the finish line for the race. Both were waving and stamping their feet, cheering on three riders that were approaching at breakneck speed from the dark path. Thranduil's jaw tightened. It was one thing if Amglaur was betting with the warriors himself. It was an entirely different thing if he was encouraging Legolas and his far-too-young cousins and friends to take part in such debauchery. But Thranduil did not see either Legolas or Tulus. He breathed a little easier upon realizing that. After all, it had been less than a week since he had caught Legolas participating in these contests. He would be none too pleased to see him back at it already. The riders broke from the forest, their horses running so fast that they flew well past the cheering crowd before they could be reined in. At the sight of them, Thranduil's jaw fell open and he came to a complete stop, staring at the lead rider. It was Legolas. His cousins, friends and the majority of the warriors quickly surrounded him, shouting and slapping both him and his snorting, dancing horse in a congratulatory manner. "That is my horse!" Thranduil exclaimed, though no one could hear his irritation. He was still far too far away from the crowd to be heard over their yelling. He resumed his march across the field, striding even more swiftly, eyes fixed on his son. Legolas was leaning forward, stroking the flank of his excited mount and speaking into ears that twitched about. Thranduil had to admit he was somewhat impressed when Legolas managed to calm the powerful war stallion enough to put a stop to its