AN: This is a continuation of a series of stories titled Interrupted Journeys. Parts One through Five have already been posted. In particular, this is a continuation of Interrupted Journeys: Journeys in Mirkwood. You might understand this story a bit better if you read that first. This part of the story is set in Legolas's childhood, when he is 35. Any Sindarin used is translated at the end of each chapter. I hope you enjoy this part of Interrupted Journeys. Chapter One: Grief Third Age 1975 Eyes closed and nestled securely in the arms of the great beech, Legolas allowed the cheerful morning songs of the trees, birds and other little creatures in his mother's garden to wash over him. He breathed deeply the fresh, cleansing smell of green leaves, herbs, and wildflowers flowers carried by the soft breeze. Mingled with the forest scents were the smell of hearth fires and roast meats as the elves in the capital awakened to another summer morning. Amongst it all, Legolas should have felt warmly wrapped in the sense of home that he was so accustomed to. But he did not. Over the last few days, he had found it much easier to ignore the throbbing of his wound than the insistent memories of the events that caused it. It was nearly impossible for him to lose himself in the forest's song as he once easily could. The problem was, the peaceful beauty of the forest around the stronghold no longer seemed entirely real to him. It no longer seemed like the whole truth. Legolas found his thoughts continuously turning back to the forest in the south. The gnarled, black trees, the oppressive, black mist that hung in the air, the smells of rot and decay, not to mention the smell of the orcs and the sight of their grotesque bodies and weapons. The whole atmosphere in the south was desperate. The elves there clung to a pitiful life as they struggled to hold at bay the evil that constantly threatened to choke off their harsh existence once and for all. And with Uncle Aradunnon and Aunt Amoneth's deaths, the fact that sometimes, for some elves, the struggle was lost, was all too horribly real. For as long as Legolas could remember, Aradunnon and Dolgailon had fought the 'we cannot lose anymore territory' argument against Engwe and Thranduil. Legolas had always been certain his father must surely be right when he insisted that Aradunnon pull the warriors back. But after seeing with his own eyes how the trees in the south mustered their remaining hope when the King had walked amongst them, Legolas could not imagine how his father justified that sort of decision. If more warriors were needed, there were plenty of elves in the capital that were perfectly capable of being warriors. The King should send them to defend the forest. Legolas cringed at that thought. It sounded like something Anastor, or worse still, Dannenion might say. Trying to turn away from that treasonous line of thinking, Legolas allowed his gaze to wonder around the garden, seeking distraction, and his attention was drawn to the open door to the stronghold. "I want you both to help me tell Thranduil. It will be easier for him to hear it if you are both there to remind him that you will remain. That he will still have your support," Dieneryn was saying. Her voice sounded dull. As if she were not really focused on her own words. Legolas jumped from the beech to the bench beneath it and then to the ground as Engwe and Amglaur escorted Dieneryn into the garden. He smiled and called 'fair morning' to them. They did not respond. Amglaur and Engwe's faces remained grim as they led Dieneryn to the bench. "We will help you tell Thranduil in a few weeks," Amglaur replied. "After things have settled down a bit." "And after you have had time to give this decision due thought," Engwe added. He sounded disapproving. Amglaur shot him a glare. "No, I want to leave quickly," Dieneryn replied, leaning back against the beech and closing her eyes. The taught lines that grief had drawn on her face relaxed marginally. Legolas studied her. The sunlight seemed to shine through her as she rested in the beech's embrace. "I cannot go to Belfalas. Passing Dol Guldur would be far too dangerous. So I will have to go to Mithlond and that is a much longer journey. Summer is almost over. If I want to reach it by winter, I must leave quickly." "Perhaps it would be best to wait until spring, in that case," Amglaur suggested. "Mithlond!" Legolas exclaimed, taking a step towards his uncle and grandparents. "Why would you want to go all the way to Mithlond, daernana? We do not trade or have any sort of relations at all with Cirdan." The three adults looked at him as if they only just realized he was there. "I cannot stay," Dieneryn began, her voice heavy with sorrow and regret. But Amglaur stepped between her and Legolas. "Go and fetch your daernaneth a nice hot tea from the kitchen, Legolas," Amglaur ordered, with a much sharper tone than Legolas was accustomed to hearing from his grandfather. "They have not yet brought anything to the dining room. And maybe get her some of whatever they have ready for breakfast. Anything hot." Legolas looked around his grandfather to peer at his grandmother, realization dawning. His eyes widened despite his best effort to hide his alarm. "Go on, Legolas," Amglaur urged, turning Legolas towards the door to the stronghold with a firm hand on his forearm. He leaned over to whisper in his ear. "Maybe ask for cider instead of tea, if they have any. Or mulled wine." Legolas nodded and did as he was bid, rushing into the stronghold. He walked quickly through the family sitting room, his mind racing. Daernaneth could not possibly mean that she intended to go West. She stayed when Daeradar Oropher had been killed. Why would she leave now? She was a member of the Ruling Council. And she helped Naneth manage the household. She was too important to leave. Legolas's breath came more quickly as he dodged around the little table that normally held tea or wine and snacks for the family in the sitting room. It was indeed empty. What would Adar do if Daernaneth left? Legolas did not think that Daeradar Amglaur or Uncle Engwe's presence would console Adar much if his naneth sailed West. He knew their presence would not be enough for him if, Valar forbid, his own naneth sailed. Emerging from the sitting room and bursting into the corridor, Legolas stumbled to a halt when he glimpsed the closed door to his Uncle Aradunnon's suite. What would Galithil do if Daernaneth sailed? He was already blaming himself for so much. Losing Daernaneth would be too much for him. The doors to the family quarters opened and two of the ellyth that worked in the kitchens came through them carrying baskets of table linens and silverware. Legolas turned to them. "Daeradar wants someone to bring Daernana some tea, or some cider or mulled wine, to the garden. And something hot to eat," he said to them. Then he grimaced apologetically in response to his tone and his lack of courtesy for not greeting them or at least saying 'please' and 'thank you.' But they did not seem to mind. Concern immediately clouded both their faces and they nodded. One of the ellyth handed her basket to the other. "We are running late today. I will fetch her something," she said, and hurried back out the doors to the kitchen. Legolas slumped a little in relief. "Thank you," he called after her. The other elleth shifted the baskets she caried to one hand and used the other to pat him on the shoulder as she passed him to continue to the dining room. Legolas watched her go, not sure what to do now that Daernanth's tea was taken care of. He wanted to speak to someone about what Daernaneth was going to do. Someone needed to talk her out of it. "Excuse me," he said to the maid as she was about to disappear into the dining room, "do you know where my naneth is?" She leaned around the doorway, nodding. "After she came to the kitchen to give us the day's menu, she told us she needed to spend some time in her workshop this morning." "Thank you," Legolas said, turning toward the doors that the other elleth had just exited through. Legolas rushed out of the family quarters, hoping he had not been too abrupt with the guard at the doors as he raced by him. Winding though the corridors, he managed to restrain himself to a very fast walk until he reached the one that led to his mother and grandmother's workshop and the seamstress's workshops. Knowing no one would be in this hall at this early hour, except apparently his mother, who would not scold him for running, he sprinted down the dark corridor until he came to a door with light coming from under it. Then he stopped and tried to compose himself enough that his mother would not be too worried. He pulled down the hem of his tunic, took a few deep breaths and opened the door. His mother's workshop was dimly lit. Only one lamp flickered over a loom near the back of the room. Legolas frowned. That was not one of his mother's looms. But she sat behind it, pressing the weft of a complex weave down using a held held beater. She was concentrating intently, which struck Legolas as odd. Weaving was something she normally did completely effortlessly. The light above her shimmered on her face in a very unusual way. "Nana?" Legolas called softly, afraid he would startle her. She looked up sharply, dropping the beater and wiping her hand across her cheeks swiftly. A smile lit her face, but it was not like her normal smile. "Legolas, what are you doing her," she asked, beckoning him over to her with one hand while rubbing the other on the skirt of her dress. Legolas stared at her without moving. "Nana, were you crying?" Her smiled dimmed even more. "I am afraid I was," she admitted, pulling him into an embrace as he dragged a stool next to hers behind the loom. "I did not think I would have any company this morning, since I told the ladies that weave with your daernaneth and I that we wanted to be left alone in the workshop for the next few days." Legolas's brows furrowed as he looked at the fabric his mother was weaving. This was Aunt Amoneth's loom, he realized. "I am sorry, nana. Do you want me to leave?" he asked, making to stand. "Of course not," she responded and Legolas was relieved to see her smile made it to her eyes this time. She turned back to the loom and picked up the weft threads. "I am trying to finish this piece that your aunt was doing for the Men in Dale. Fortunately it is the last length of this weave that we promised them this year. It was your aunt's specialty. None of the rest of us really knew how she did this pattern. It took me a whole morning studying it to figure it out, but I think I have it. Or at least well enough to finish this piece. What do you think?" Legolas glanced at the fabric. It looked fine to him. "It looks perfect," he said with what he hoped was an encouraging tone. His mother leaned over and kissed his cheek. "Well, it is certainly good enough for Mannish sensibilities. It is a pity really. The Men truly loved this pattern. They paid well for it and we will not be able to