AN: Well, after a very hectic December and January, I was hoping for a time when I could finally guarantee that I could regularly update. But, since things don't seem to be showing any signs of slowing down, I might as well go ahead and post. -) I appreciate folks waiting. This is a continuation of a series of stories titled Interrupted Journeys. Part One (New Journeys) and Part Two (Journeys Perforce) have already been posted. It should not be necessary to read those parts of the series to understand this story, though you might understand the characters a bit better if you did. The series as a whole covers a lot of ground: Thranduil's first years as king, his decision to move his people north to the stronghold, the birth of Legolas and his youth all the way to their journeys to Valinor in the Fourth Age. Some parts may be more interesting to some people than others. This part revolves around new additions to Thranduil's family. This prologue is set in Third Age 1946. The first chapter of the story is set in Third Age 1939 and the story fills in that period of time. Assuming I post this as is without making too many alterations, this part is fairly short compared to the last two. Any Sindarin used is translated at the end of each chapter. I am not an elf so if you see something incorrect please tell me and I will fix it. I hope you enjoy this part of Interrupted Journeys. Third Age 1946 Thranduil and his council were in the king's office engrossed in the day's business when the latch on the heavy wooden door clicked. The door slowly and quietly swung open the slightest bit. Thranduil frowned and turned his eyes to the back of the room, waiting for the guard to announce the reason for the interruption. Instead, he saw the guard's hand hurriedly grasp the handle to close the door. At the same moment he heard a breathless and obviously dismayed feminine voice cry out, "You come here this minute!" Thranduil looked down as a small figure eluded both the guard and the elleth pursuing him. He ducked through the narrow opening in the doorway to look at the king with slightly guilty but excited eyes. "Ada, is it time yet?" he asked in a soft voice. Thranduil's frown melted to an indulgent smile at the sight of his son as the elleth and guard reached to pull the elfling from the room. "I beg your pardon, your majesty," the elleth said, taking the child's hand. He promptly twisted free, eliciting an angry exclamation from the elleth. She took a step into the office to recapture her charge more securely. Thranduil chuckled softly. "Let him come in Seidreth," he said. The elfling's face lit with a bright smile and he ran to the king's outstretched arms to be whisked from the floor and into his father's lap. "We are almost done here and it is past time for lunch." "I knew it was," the elfling said firmly, scowling with a betrayed look at his nanny. Siedreth crossed her arms over her chest. "Lunch is served when the king is ready for it, not when elflings dictate," she replied sternly. The child frowned defiantly but snuggled his face against his father's soft dress robes. "But today is my Begetting Day. Lunch is special today," he said sulkily. Thranduil turned his son to face him with a finger under his chin. "Pouting is unbecoming, ion nin. And you must obey Seidreth. Obeying her does not include running away from her when she tells you to stop." "Or when I tell you not to go into the king's office uninvited," Seidreth added irritably. The child looked down. "I am sorry," he said quietly. Thranduil kissed his son's head. "I will forgive you this once. I seem to recall that Begetting Days are cause for excitement. Manners and rules are easily forgotten on such occasions." Thranduil heard his mother attempt to stifle an amused snort. He winked at her. One side of Seidreth's mouth turned down disapprovingly. She sighed and then looked resignedly at the king. "Shall I take him to the garden until you are ready, my lord?" she asked, taking a few steps forward. Small arms tightened around the king's waist. "No, Seidreth. He can stay. We are finished here. I will look after him for the rest of the day." Seidreth stopped and sighed again. "Do consider trying to puts shoes on the child before you take him outdoors, my lord," she said tiredly. "By your leave," she added with a brief curtsy. Thranduil nodded and she turned and left the room. The council dissolved into light laughter as the door to the office closed. Thranduil's laughter rose above the rest. Dieneryn, Thranduil's mother, looked at her son knowingly, eyes shining. "Laugh now, ada," she said, taking obvious pleasure in the form of address. "When your son runs wild through the forest without a thought for your discipline, you will rue days such as this one." Thranduil rolled his eyes but his retort was cut off when Hallion, his steward, reached over and plucked the child in question from the king's lap. The elfling giggled happily. Hallion was one of his favorite 'uncles.' "Legolas is a wonderful child. You would never misbehave, would you?" Hallion asked this while raising Legolas swiftly over his head with his hands around his waist. Legolas squealed and clutched at Hallion, grabbing anything he could reach in this precarious position. His hands finally landed in Hallion's hair and he twined the steward's braids around his fingers. "No, Lord Hallion," he gasped, still giggling wildly. "I will behave." Hallion settled the elfling on his lap. "I thought so," he said, smiling. Then he looked at Thranduil, mischief glinting in his eyes, and wrapped both arms around Legolas possessively. "I am sorry, my lord. I think I am keeping this little treasure for myself." Thranduil laughed and shook his head. "I am afraid I cannot let you do that. I have grown rather fond of him myself." Legolas looked between the adults with bright eyes. "We are all family," he said, his tone making it plain that he thought Hallion and his father were very silly. "Indeed we are, ion nin," Thranduil replied, smiling. "And it is time for our family to go celebrate your Begetting Day." With that, Thranduil stood and took Legolas from Hallion. The rest of his council rose to their feet along with the king. "I will see you all shortly in the garden, I trust," he said, dismissing them. They left, smiling at father and son with varying degrees of amusement. Only Hallion stayed behind, now looking at Thranduil seriously. "Unfortunately, my lord, you must finish the correspondence the courier is waiting for," he said quietly. Thranduil heard Legolas groan softly. Looking down at his son in his arms, Thranduil saw his face had fallen, though he did not give any further voice to his disappointment. When he was still an infant Legolas had learned that when Hallion said work must be done, it would be done. Cajoling his father to abandon it was futile and only led to trouble. Thranduil rubbed his son's back soothingly. "This will only take a moment, ion nin." Legolas' expression did not change. He had often seen 'a moment' turn into hours. Hallion smiled at Legolas and picked up a quill from the king's desk, tickling the child's nose with its feathery tip. "Do you want to write something too while your adar is composing his letter, Legolas?" he offered. Writing was still a novel activity to the elfling. Thranduil opened his mouth to protest—Hallion had his favorite eagle feather quill in his hand and was offering it to Legolas. Little fingers moved from where they clutched Thranduil's silk dress robes and closed around the delicate writing instrument. The complaint died on Thranduil's lips when he saw the delighted look had returned to his son's face. "I can write all my letters and my name by myself now. Do you want to see, Lord Hallion?" "Of course I do. And I will show you how to write your adar's name as well. Then you can help him with his correspondence in the future." Thranduil scowled, imagining the potential for mischief in that suggestion, and looked at his steward with a slightly raised eyebrow but Legolas only laughed. He sat his son down in a chair in front of his desk before seating himself behind it and watched for a moment as Hallion pulled out a scrap of paper for Legolas to write on. Standing in the chair to reach the ink, the child quickly dipped the quill in the inkwell on his father's desk. He began to carefully draw the runes that formed his name, his face the very picture of intent concentration. He was becoming quite good at writing his name. He no longer used too much ink or pressed too hard with the quill or tried to make too many letters too quickly at once. "You are not writing, ada," Legolas reminded his father imperiously without looking up from his own work. Thranduil loosed a short laugh. "Forgive me, ion nin," he said with some sarcasm. Legolas still did not look up but he did raise his eyebrows. "Sarcasm is not becoming, ada," he said seriously. That was a lesson Legolas had heard a few days earlier. Hallion turned his head to hide his reaction to Legolas' impertinence. Thranduil suppressed a laugh himself, shook his head and picked up a quill. As he finished his letter, he heard Hallion praising Legolas' work and encouraging him to write other simple words. By the time the king was finished, the entire sheet of paper was filled with the names of nearly everyone in the family, of Legolas' favorite animals and long rows of L's. Thranduil smiled as he reached for his seal and wax. "Can I put the seal in the wax, ada?" Legolas asked, leaning across the desk to seize the seal from his father's hand. Thranduil laughed. "Do not grab things," he admonished though not very sternly. He did relinquish the seal. "Let me help you," he said, putting his hand over the small fist that clutched the royal seal. When the seal was set, Legolas bent closer to it. "I like beech trees better, ada," he declared, glaring at the oak tree imprinted in the wax. "Can you make a seal with a beech tree on it?" Thranduil smiled and pried the seal from his son's hands, locking it in a drawer in his desk. "I like the beeches too, ion nin. But, no, I cannot change this seal. Your daeradar designed this device and he liked oak trees." Legolas straightened, still standing in the chair, and looked at his father frowning slightly. "Well, that does not make sense at all. Part of daeradar's name means 'beech.' He must have liked beech trees." Thranduil tried not to laugh at his son's serious expression. "I imagine he did, ion nin. But oak trees were very special to him. They reminded him of the land he came from and his family. I will tell you a story about that tonight at bedtime if you like." Legolas nodded vigorously in response to that offer. The stories Thranduil told or read in the evenings were his favorite activity of the day. Thranduil smiled at his son's enthusiasm. "Very well. Do you want to go to the garden now for lunch? I think I heard the cooks saying that they were making berry tarts." Legolas' eyes lit up and he jumped down from the chair. Thranduil stood as well, smiling his thanks at Hallion for his efforts to entertain Legolas. "Would you tell the family we are ready for lunch? I will take Legolas to the garden and wait