AN: This is a continuation of a series of stories titled Interrupted Journeys. Parts One through Nine have already been posted. In the case of this story, it is probably necessary to have read at least Parts Eight and Nine to understand the OCs and their motivations better and to understand the events that Legolas is struggling with. This part of the story is set in Legolas's childhood, immediately after Part Nine. Legolas is in the middle of his first formal year of training as a warrior. He is near adulthood, at the age of 46. Gentleness can be repaid in death. -Denethor So be it. -Faramir Chapter 1: Through the shadow T.A. 1987 Tulus kept his eyes fixed on his target while reaching for the next branch along his path through the trees. He had to take care. The sparse leaves this far south offered little cover and he dared not be seen. He also dared not lose her. "We have gone too far," the guard accompanying him breathed into his ear. "Too far outside the protection of the patrols." Tulus ignored him, leaping silently to the next tree and pressing himself against its trunk once he reached its branches. He peered at Manadhien's dark form to make sure that she would continue, unpausing, down the deer trail that she was following. She did. Starlight glinted off a golden ring she wore on the hand that clutched her cloak closed around her. Tulus went after her, creeping, crouched low, along a sturdy branch. His tree was several dozen paces to her west, just close enough to keep her in sight. "We are too deep into the orcs' territory," his companion whispered when he again came along side him. "If she wants to risk her life, let her, but we should not. The king wants her head, not ours." Tulus glanced over his shoulder. "He will want ours if she walks straight from here out of the forest," he responded. Then he immediately turned his full attention back to Manadhien. "She is most likely to walk straight into an orc's lair and I do not want to be killed along with her." "Then go back," Tulus hissed. "If you will not go back, be silent." When Tulus leapt into the next tree, the other guard followed him, silently, as ordered. Tulus nodded grimly to himself. Managing the other spies that Thranduil had sent with him was not nearly as difficult as he remembered command could be from his days as an officer before Oropher's arrival in the forest. Thranduil, Aradunnon and Dolgailon had managed to instill a sense of discipline into the ranks over the long Ages. That was definitely an accomplishment. They pursued their quarry for a good while longer, until Tilion reached his peak height in the sky and began his descent towards the western edge of the world. Still, Tulus had no intention of turning away, even if he had not seen any wholesome forest creature for hours. He was about to move to the next tree when his companion sucked in a sharp breath. "Something moves. There," he whispered, pointing with the arrow that he drew from his quiver to the shadows of a ridge that jutted up ahead of them. Manadhien was heading straight for it. Tulus also drew an arrow and scanned the forest floor around them to make sure they had not already walked into a trap. He saw nothing. Meanwhile, the other guard nocked his arrow and raised his bow, waiting to draw it until he could properly target whatever lurked in the darkness. 'The fool will shoot the next thing that moves,' Tulus thought and he motioned for him to lower his bow. That order was obeyed with obvious reluctance. They watched. Manadhien approached the ridge without hesitation. Indeed, she walked towards it purposefully, loosening a pouch on her belt as she did. A group of orcs stepped out from a gap in the rocks. In one swift motion, the other guard nocked his arrow and raised his bow again, shifting into a position to target the nearest orc. Tulus grasped the shaft of the arrow. "You intend to let them take her?" the guard whispered. "Whatever she has done, she does not deserve that fate. We have to protect her." "Wait," Tulus whispered without releasing the arrow. Manadhien did not so much as flinch in response to the orcs' arrival. Instead, she walked directly to them, unconcerned by the snarling noises they made or the way they sniffed the air. But they did not raise a weapon or move against her or call for reinforcements. "Did that orc... the big one...it did not..." the other guard stammered, but could not finish his question. Tulus nodded. "It bowed to her," he confirmed, releasing his grip on his companion's arrow lest he snap it in half and betray their position. It was true. She was in league with orcs! He would need to send another message to the king, and quickly. Legolas walked slowly down the corridor that housed the offices of the King's Council. It was late, well past dinner, and most of the occupants of these offices were on the Green. Or perhaps they were in their own chambers in the family quarters. Legolas did not know where his cousins, aunts and uncles were. He had been working in the king's office until his father and Hallion had insisted he leave. 'Go dance with your cousins,' Thranduil had said, too firmly for Legolas to be foolish enough to argue. He might not argue, but he would also not obey. To dance was not really an order either a king or even a father could issue. To not write of summaries of the day's orders was. So, Legolas was heading to the Great Hall to work on summaries of the next day's petitions. The couriers should have already delivered those to the Hall. Legolas stopped in front of Dolgailon's office and pushed aside the tapestry that hung opposite it. He laid his hand on the wall. A seam and then a crack appeared. Legolas pushed and the crack opened into a door. He passed through it, stepped around the tapestry on its other side and emerged next to the throne in the Great Hall. The door closed silently behind him. Lamps were lit in the Hall. That was odd at this hour. Crack! Crack! The sounds of wood slapping against wood echoed loudly off the stone walls. So did grunts and labored breathing. Legolas scanned the room swiftly. What he saw made him stop and stare: Conuion was sparring in the Hall-with the queen! Crack! Lindomiel raised her practice sword to a high guard, blocking a blow Conuion aimed at her head. She forced Conuion's sword to the side and used her momentum to swing at his leg. He leapt out of range, circling her, his own sword in a mid guard. Legolas watched them silently. He had seen Conuion working to rebuild his skill with a sword since he lost the use of his right arm in the battle where Amglaur and Limmiel had died. The captain of the King's Guard had taken that work very seriously and, from what Legolas had seen when Conuion sparred with Thranduil or Dolgailon, he had succeeded in becoming, once again, a very formidable warrior. The sides of Legolas's mouth turned downward and he nodded. His mother was giving Conuion a fair work out. They must have been fighting for some time. Both were breathing heavily and moving with evident fatigue. Lindomiel lunged at Conuion, driving a thrust towards his throat. Conuion side stepped, swinging at Lindomiel's back as she rushed past, but she pivoted to parry his blow, following through with a slash at his right side. She nearly had him. He could not have reacted fast enough to void or parry that blow, so he did not attempt either. Instead, he stepped inside her attack and brought her flush against him by driving the wooden dagger in his off-hand into her back. "Orc spit!" she shouted, slapping Conuion's leg with the flat of her blade. Legolas's eyebrows shot up. Conuion laughed, stepping away from her with a bow. She followed him, not allowing him to put any distance between them. "As angry as I am, Conuion," she said, beating her closed fist against his undamaged arm to punctuate her words, "you would think it might be wise to let me win just one round against you. Just one." She shoved him. "So that I am not tempted to fight entirely unfairly in the next bout." Conuion, his shoulders shaking with laughter, dropped to one knee. "Mercy, my lady, I beg you. And there will be no 'next bout.' You have exhausted me. Truly." Lindomiel took a step back from him, crossed her arms across her chest and glared down at him playfully, her practice sword hanging loosely in her hand. "I will win against you someday, Conuion," she declared. "You continue to make that claim, my lady," Conuion replied, flinching dramatically as Lindomiel again raised her hand. "Nana, surely you would not strike him when he is already on his knees," Legolas called, grinning at the sight before him as he descended the stairs of the dais. Lindomiel spun towards him, startled and plainly abashed. She blushed, and returned his smile with a sheepish one of her own. "I have been caught being a terrible loser," she said. Then she smirked at Conuion. "Be grateful that he saved you. And do get up," she added when Conuion bowed to show his appreciation, even from his kneeling position. "That was well fought," Legolas said, trying not to sound surprised. When he reached the back of the Hall, he allowed her to pull his head down for a kiss on the cheek. "The queen has become passably skilled with a sword and dagger," Conuion said, only after he relieved her of her practice weapons. She drew herself up. "Passably? You have just as many bruises as I have," she retorted. "But yours are the fatal wounds and that is why I have won, yet again," Conuion replied. Lindomiel took a threatening step towards Conuion, but she was grinning at him. He put out both his hands in mock supplication. "May I ask what has inspired this...warfare in the king's halls?" Legolas intervened. "Frustration," Lindomiel answered with a rueful tone. "Ellyn are not the only ones who sometimes like to take their anger out with a sword or bow, ion nin. And since the king has ordered the Guard to keep me away from the storerooms, Conuion-one of the Guard-makes a suitable target." Legolas laughed nervously, looking with wide eyes at his mother-surely she did not mean that she had to be ordered to stay away from Glilavan! "It is Glilavan I would truly like to face with a sword," she said, confirming Legolas's fears. "Sparring with Conuion really does little to slake my anger at him, Marti and her servants for abducting my son and selling him to men, in order to torment my husband. For murdering my dearest friend, in order to torment my husband." She leaned towards Legolas, her right hand closed into a fist. "Marti had better pray orcs get her in the south before Thranduil has a chance to bring her here. If she is brought into this court," she stabbed her finger down to point at the floor of the Hall, "the king will have to act swiftly if he intends to be the one to pass sentence on her. I am completely at the end of my tolerance where her evil is concerned." Legolas now stared at his mother silently, all amusement gone from his expression. His eyes darted across her face and then over her posture. Her stance was taut, openly aggressive. He had to make a conscious effort not to take a step back, away from