AN: This is a continuation of a series of stories titled Interrupted Journeys. Parts One through Eight have already been posted. In the case of this story, it is probably necessary to have read at least Part Seven to understand the OCs and their motivations better. Honestly, if you do not know something about the backgrounds of these OCs, you are going to think I know very little about Tolkien's Elves. This part of the story is set in Legolas's childhood, during his first formal year of training as a warrior. He is near adulthood, at the age of 46. The story is rated PG-13 for violence, disturbing themes and OC death. Chapter 1: The wisest judgment he could make TA 1987 Legolas stood at the end of the line of his fellow First Years, facing Glilavan, and doing his best to appear as if he was listening carefully. He was listening. All the trainees were listening to Glilavan explain the drill they were about to participate in. But Legolas had found over the last year that he had better be sure to make it undeniably plain that he was being attentive. The captain of the training program seemed determined to ensure that Legolas was carefully and thoroughly prepared to serve as a warrior in the Woodland Realm. Or at least, that was the kindest way Legolas could describe Glilavan's behavior towards him. Some of his friends in the training program described it other ways. None of those descriptions were very kind at all, but Legolas was not stupid enough to think that adopting that attitude himself would serve him well, so he endeavored to make sure Glilavan would have no reason to correct him. "The elves representing Dwarves will be wearing grey tunics," Glilavan was explaining. "Brown will represent Men and black will be for orcs or other enemies. Finally, a green tunic is for Elves from another realm. Any or all of these might appear during your watch, in any combination." To his left, Legolas heard Anastor repeating the colors and their meanings to himself in a whisper, trying hard to remember them. Only the certainty that Glilavan would fail him on the spot and send him home without even allowing him to take part in this training exercise prevented Legolas from teasing Anastor for his efforts. Honestly! How difficult was it to remember four colors and the races they were supposed to represent? "As we discussed, you will go with your partners to your assigned positions along the forest edge, manage the encounter with whatever sort of enemy approaches and then stay where you are and await the next part of the test. The enemies will come to you. They move. You do not. Stay inside the range that you were assigned. You will receive your evaluations after you have managed all four scenarios. Understood?" Legolas joined the others calling, "Yes, sir." "Are they all going to be enemies then?" one of the adult First Years asked. "Or might the Men and Dwarves be simply travelers?" Glilavan looked at him sidelong, smirking. "I misspoke, of course. Dwarves and Men are not always enemies of this realm." Legolas made his expression entirely neutral as Glilavan glanced at him. "Our King maintains Men and Dwarves as his allies. But be prepared in this exercise to see either the friendly or the not so friendly side of our supposed allies." With that, Glilavan signalled for them to go to their various positions along the forest border. Everyone hurried away, except Legolas. Glilavan froze him in place with a finger pointed straight at him. "A word with you, please," he said. Legolas remained where he was and met his captain's gaze evenly, but silently he was trying to imagine what he had done to provoke him this time. As Glilavan walked towards Legolas through the group of departing warriors, he seized Anastor's arm and pulled him, backpeddling, to the spot he had vacated only moments before. Legolas tried not to frown. He was certain his expression had done nothing earlier to betray his amusement with Anastor's efforts. Well, apparently he was wrong. It must have. Noruil hesitated, looking over his shoulder at his cousin, but his adult partner wisely tugged at his sleave to keep him moving. The adult First Years that Legolas and Anastor were supposed to be partnered with for this exercise stopped. They stood together, next to a tree several paces away, waiting for their partners with their backs to Glilavan in an effort to afford Legolas and Anastor some privacy. "You two go ahead and partner with each other," Glilavan said, waving his arm to dismiss the adults. They cast Legolas and Anastor sympathetic glances and hurried away. Now Legolas did frown. He had done nothing to deserve being dismissed from the exercise. And Anastor certainly had not. He had sincerely been giving the instructions his fullest attention. "I want you two to be partners," Glilavan said, finally releasing Anastor's arm after depositing him next to Legolas. Legolas's eyebrows rose involuntarily and he clenched his jaw to keep his mouth shut while trying to formulate a respectful way to question that order without appearing to challenge Glilavan. Even Anastor was looking quickly from Legolas to Glilavan, drawing a breath to speak. Tulus stepped forward from the tree he had been leaning against. "They are underage," he reminded Glilavan. "They must work with an adult. That is the rule." Glilavan scowled at his father and started to walk away. "You are an adult. You will be with Legolas and therefore they will be working with an adult. The rule is satisfied." Tulus took several long strides to follow Glilavan. Legolas stayed in place, all too happy to allow his guard to fight this battle. "I am not part of this exercise," Tulus said. "I am here to guard Legolas. Not Legolas and Anastor." Glilavan stopped and squared off with him. "If they partnered with Hilon and Renion," he said, gesturing towards the adult First Years that had already disappeared amongst the trees, "neither of them is here to guard Anastor either, so there is no need for you to do so. Everyone participating in the drill is expected to be capable of defending themselves. Nonetheless, because these are First Years, this area has been under close watch by the warriors of the Eastern Patrol for the last week in preparation for this drill. My officers swept it today, before we were scheduled to begin. And the Elves acting as Dwarves, Men and Orcs are all Sixth Years, fully capable of defending the forest should anything unexpected arise. There is nothing dangerous here, Tulus. And I am obeying the rules of the program-Legolas and Anastor are working with you, an adult, and with the adult Sixth Years that are playing the roles of the enemies. I thought about the partner assignments while we were traveling to the border and I want to see Hilon and Renion work together again after the difficulties they had in the scouting drill last month. And I would like to see what Anastor makes of some of these scenarios without adult guidance." He turned and pointed at Legolas again. "You let Anastor take the lead in this exercise. You already have experience dealing with foreigners and I am satisfied with it. Anastor does not have that same experience. He needs tested, so let him be." "Yes, sir," Legolas responded automatically, but his eyebrows went up once again. It was unusual for Glilavan to be satisfied with anything he did, much less for him to admit it. Tulus drew a breath to continue protesting, but Glilavan turned the finger he had been pointing at Legolas on him and continued speaking without pause. "I am the captain here, Tulus. Not you. Speak to Dolgailon when we return if you insist, but I guarantee that he will support me on this decision. Or speak to the King and we will see if he supports me. For now, my decision stands unless you intend to take Legolas back to the stronghold. Take Anastor with him if you do." With that, Glilavan turned and walked away, following the First Years to the forest edge. Tulus did not pursue him. "Legolas!" Anastor exclaimed, sounding distinctly panicked. Legolas shrugged. "It is not my choice to make," he said softly. But he was not worried. He did not believe for a moment that his guard would force them both to return home. Tulus watched Glilavan's receding back for a long moment, his hands balled into fists. Then he turned around and looked at Legolas, studying him. He actually appeared to be struggling over the decision to allow him to participate. Legolas felt his confidence in Tulus quickly fading. He took a step towards his guard. "Honestly, Tulus, Glilavan is right. It is every bit as safe for me to be here now as it would be if I were hunting here, which I have done numerous times. You would not seriously make Anastor and I go home over this?" he asked, keeping his tone level and reasonable. In contrast, Anastor could always be counted upon to be hot-headed and unreasonable. "You do not have any authority to make me go anywhere!" he declared, glaring at Tulus. "Except your captain just told you to return with Legolas," Tulus shot back. Anastor's defiant glare became openly angry. Legolas gave him a shove and a warning look before stepping between him and Tulus. "Tulus, please," he began, still in a calm voice. Tulus spoke over him. "I do not like this. Something is not right. The forest here seems...unsettled, somehow. And now Glilavan is changing the conditions of the drill...Making decisions that violate the training program's policies...I just do not like it." Legolas frowned. Making decisions that violate policies. Glilavan had done that before and Legolas-and Uncle Aradunnon too-had thought it was some sort of manipulation. Tulus was undeniably right that Glilavan's order was an unusual one. Legolas drew a deep breath and tried to focus on the forest around him-he had been so intent on listening to his captain and then arguing with Tulus that he had not noticed anything 'unsettled' about it, but if Tulus were right about that too... "Legolas!" Anastor cried, grabbing his arm and giving him a shake. Legolas looked at his friend's pleading, nearly desperate expression and sighed. This was silly. They were perfectly safe, less then two days travel from the stronghold in a place where Legolas and his friends regularly hunted. He turned back to his guard. "Tulus," he said firmly, "There is no true threat to my safety at the moment. We will be at the forest edge for only half a day and the only enemies we will be encountering are pretend ones. This is not dangerous. If you make us go back to the stronghold, Glilavan could require us both repeat this entire course. That will mean we finish the program a year late, because this is a required course. Please, Tulus, do not make us go back." Tulus did not move. He did not even blink. He only continued staring at Legolas while weighing what he had said. Legolas met his gaze. "Very well," Tulus finally conceded, though his stance remained tense. He stood aside to allow Legolas and Anastor precede him down the path to the forest edge. Anastor rushed past him without hesitation. Legolas followed him. "Thank you, Tulus," he said quietly as stepped past him. Tulus only scowled. "And Eirienil told me that she will not dance with me because she has already promised all the dances at the festival for Galithil's Begetting Day to Sixth Years..." Anastor was complaining as he leapt into the largest tree in the area that he and Legolas were assigned to 'guard' for the drill. Just as he did, two sharp whistles sounded, signaling the beginning of the first round of the drill. They