BPOV Okay, Bella, I thought to myself. Now is not the time to get sweaty palms about all of this. Just breathe. Everything is going to be fine. There is no pressure to win anything. This is all just for fun. Just have a good time. It's what this is all about for you. It was a strange opportunity that had come my way. I wanted something different – something rare and fantastic – to happen in my life. It had finally arrived. I knew that I would regret giving up before anything even started, and all because I was a tad out of my comfort zone. I had always considered myself very level-headed. I still considered myself level-headed, at least up until the point where the limo was pulling up the drive. Panic set in and I seriously considered running away as the driver opened the door. "Welcome," said the sweet, elderly gentleman, tipping his head respectfully. "I will have your things carried inside." I took a deep breath as I stepped out and took in the grand view. "Thank you," I replied. I wasn't exactly sure where I should be going, and I was thankful that he offered me his arm and walked me inside the very large manor. Everything was very… out of my price range. "The camera crew will be with you momentarily," he said. "Your preliminary interview will be in here." He guided me into a large room off of another large room. Special lighting was placed all around a green chair. He offered me the seat. "Can I get you a fresh drink," he offered. "No, thank you." "Very well," he said, nodding. He turned back toward me before he left the room and said very sincerely, "Good luck, mademoiselle." I sighed deeply. Bella, you fool, I criticized myself. On one hand, I knew that this was all meant to be nothing more than a shallow, brainless competition for some guy I'd never met once in my entire life. On the other hand, though, I also knew it was a way to make a very dramatic change in my life. Most people might begin a new chapter by reading a new genre or downloading some fresh music. But those things weren't going to be enough for me. I needed something different. I needed to do something wild. This will be on national television, I warned myself. But I didn't care. I wasn't in this to win a man, or to get face time with a camera. I was here to have a once in a lifetime opportunity to try something very, very different. It wouldn't be the worst thing in the world to be wined and dined a little, but I mostly wanted to stick around long enough to fly somewhere exotic, maybe. Or to get some extreme makeover out of the deal. Who knew? I was honestly up for just about anything! I was just surprised to get past the producer's merciless cuts when I signed up three months ago. Thousands, even tens of thousands of women tried to sign on for this circus. Only twenty-five of us made it through and I was very curious to see what the other women looked like and what kind of personalities I'd be bunking with. Maybe this is where I'd make a lifetime friend, or at least a pen pal or two? I worried that the other girls would be catty and immature, but then again, I was here and there was bound to be at least one other sane person, right? Maybe I'd be the very first one sent home anyway, and then I wouldn't even have to unpack. Maybe I'd get sent to some five star hotel to finish out the time on my silence contract? A few weeks next to a pool with a few familiar books wouldn't be unbearable, after all. "Isabella Swan," asked a lanky guy with trendy geek glasses. "Bella," I said, standing up to offer him my hand. I recognized Bean from the elimination rounds. He was one of the producer's many minions. "Are you here to start the interview?" "Very astute, Miss Swan. Yes, please have a seat and we'll get started straight away." I sat down as the crew adjusted the lighting and fidgeted with their camera equipment. I wondered how I would be able to walk around like a normal person with them always present. "So, Bella, tell us your name, a little bit about yourself, and why you're here." It went very quiet suddenly, and all eyes were on me. "My name is Bella, I'm from a small town in Washington called Forks." Why was I here? What should I tell them? "I'm here to… to have a new experience. I've never gone on a date with a guy who was going on dates with twenty-four other women at the same time." They chuckled a little. "Yes, Bella, but can you be a little more specific? Why don't you tell us what you're looking for in a man? What's your type?" "My type? Um, well, what I would look for in someone permanent is someone who is honest. Someone who is faithful. Someone who is easy to get along with and who doesn't have to entertain me all of the time. And someone who I don't have to entertain constantly, either. He would have to be someone who could be comfortable around me. Someone who doesn't have to keep secrets or feel like anything he perceives as lacking in himself is something to be ashamed of." "Very nice," Bean said a little dryly. "But what about how he looks?" "How he looks?" "Yes. What are you looking for as far as looks?" "Does it matter all that much?" "Just humor us." "I guess my ideal guy would be someone who isn't too uptight or angry looking, I guess? Someone approachable and who smiles a lot. Someone who you can look at him and just tell that he is trustworthy." "Okay," Bean said as he tilted his head a little and pushed his frustrated hand against his forehead. "But what about the color of his hair or his eyes?" "I don't really care what color his hair or eyes are." "I think we'll stop here for now. Ernie will show you up to your room and you can get freshened up a bit. Maybe all of this travelling has made you tired. We'll come back to your interview another time." The kind man who had led me into the interview room appeared at the doorway and offered me his arm again. "I heard what you said," he told me as he walked me back out to the main entrance where there was a grand staircase. "Did I botch it?" "I think you did wonderfully, Miss Swan. You are a delight compared to the other ladies." Were the other girls here already? He led me around the stairs and into a large living room area. "Ernie," I started, but then paused. I wanted to get more information out of him, but I didn't want to seem crass. I liked him and felt in my heart that I could trust him. "This is a very grand house." "It is one of the gentleman's many houses, Miss Swan." "Wait a minute! Do you mean to tell me that the guy they got for the show actually owns this home? I thought it was all, you know, scenery for the show?" I started to panic suddenly and realized that I was clutching onto Ernie's arm a little too tightly. Bella, I told myself, you don't belong in a house like this. Whoever this guy is, he must be rich! You are not going to be his type. Not by a long shot! He's probably a stuck up snob looking for someone to scratch a weekend itch. Get out while you still can! Ernie chuckled. "The other ladies do not seem as worried as you do, Isabella – if I may call you by your given name." "Of course you may, Ernie. But please tell me, what are the other girls like?" "Well…" He looked up as if to contemplate how to answer. "They seem more excited than nervous to learn of the gentleman's wealth." We made our way through the room to a set of large double doors in the center of two beautiful stone fountains surrounded my magnificent greenery. The natural light of the morning came through the tall windows that wrapped around the entire room through the doors. Inside were many beautiful women, some sitting on couches, others standing and mingling in groups. They all seemed to get along just fine, chatting and giggling. I felt the silence rest heavily upon me as twenty-one gorgeous women all turned their eyes to glare at me in unison. I suddenly felt very under-dressed and inferior in every way as the women scanned me over. I wished that I could have somehow arrived earlier so that there would have been fewer stares. Most of the women looked like they had some kind of work done, whether it was their lips, noses, or of course their breasts. Most of them were a golden bronze as well – none naturally. Many of them were wearing dresses and skirts so short that the lower half of their butts were hanging out of them. One girl had glitter in her hair and eyelash extensions that looked like feathers. Yet another had on a pleather neon pink cheetah print strapless mini-dress with six-inch spiked heels. I started to wonder what kind of guy we would be wooing here. Based on this sample of women, I was beginning to wonder if the guy would even be worth the effort. I wasn't sure that he would be anything like the ideal guy I had described downstairs to Bean and the camera crew. I'm only here for the fun of it, anyway, I told myself. Don't make the mistake of making this all about a guy. There's no point in it. "Hello there," chimed a kind voice from beside me. I turned to see a woman with an angelic face smiling brightly at me. Her hair was short and choppy. Her smile was absolutely flawless, but also sincere. I felt sure that this would be my new pen pal. She was the only one with a dress down to her knees like me. "I'm Alice," she said with a smile. "Alice Brandon." I took her hand gladly, eager to relax and have a friend. "Bella Swan." I sighed with relief. "Thank you so much, Alice." "For what," she asked. I shrugged my shoulders. "I don't know," I admitted. "I think I was feeling a little out of place just now, and I think your kind presence might have just saved me from some sort of emotional collapse." She giggled and invited me to sit down on one of the couches with her. "When did you arrive," I asked. "I was the first one to get here. I arrived at five this morning." "Where are you from?" "Chicago. And you?" "Forks," I answered. "It's a small town in Washington. It's nothing like Chicago, I'm sure. I think our most popular fashion trends include plaid and fish hooks." She giggled again. "Well, Bella, you certainly don't look like plaid and fish hooks." She motioned to my deep purple wrap dress and leather heels. "Thanks," I said gratefully. I wasn't typically one for putting on all the bells and whistles. The truth was that I felt absolutely naked in anything that even resembled fashionable clothing. As a matter of fact, I would have been happy to trade everything I brought with me for a single pair of jeans and a worn out fitted t-shirt. "So what is it that you do in the world, Bella," she asked. "I'm a linguist," I said. Here it comes… "What's a linguist?" Yup. "Linguistics is