Disclaimer: I do not own J.R.R Tolkein's work. My mother's story, and so in turn my story, starts with the day that she was chosen to go to the West, in her fifteenth year. Before that time she had lived much as I lived, a dull safe life, and so she had never seen the need to tell it to me. The time that came after the safety was grimmer but exciting, and so this is where her story, as she told it, always began. Orders had come from the West, from the One of the South Himself who had set up residence there, demanding young men as soldiers, and my mother's tribe was one of the first that the decree reached, set as it was in the hills on the Eastern shore of the Sea of Rhûn. And of course where the young men went some young women were always chosen to follow them, though never to fight, for as in many other parts of Middle-Earth the women of Rhûn did not go into battle alongside their husbands. The ones who were chosen were girls whose mothers wept but whose fathers were willing to give them up because they were too expensive to keep, because the family did not have enough for yet another dowry, because they were rebellious, because they were too ugly to ever marry. More girls than could be fed were a burden in the desert, even near the sea as they were, and the families who cared less were only too glad to be rid of them. But Rookheeya, which means running-water , was not poor or headstrong or unloved or ugly. She was quite beautiful, really; even in a land where such a trait did not last long she carried much of her beauty with her into old age. Her eyes were lighter than others and her skin was the colour of the wild honey that could found in the rocks and caves, and the sheen of her hair was like gold, a sight that is common in the desert but rare in the colouring of its people, though it was seldom seen beneath her headscarf by anyone but me. It was not even her height that settled the decision of the people to sell her, though she was half a head taller than many of the women and as tall as most of the men. It was that she had no one who could speak for her: she had no mother to weep over her fate, for the woman who named her for her gurgling laugh as a baby had died before she had begun to bleed each moon and cover her head, and her father had succumbed to a wasting illness a few months after her sister Bilhah's wedding. Bilhah herself, dark as her sister was fair, fat with her second child and only a year older than Rookheeya, could do nothing to help; her husband had little standing in their tribe and no claim of ownership on Rookheeya to protect her from those eager to send her away to satisfy the troops. And so Bilhah could only embrace her sister for one last time and sob into her husband's shoulder, as Rookheeya was marched away with the other chosen girls. Many women cried that day, whether truly or only in act, but my mother was not one of them. As far as I know, she never shed one tear as she was taken away from her home. "I would not cry, because I swore that I would come back," she told me many years later. "I swore to my sister and my brother by marriage as I bade them farewell that I would come back. And I meant to keep that promise. I saw no reason to weep, because I was certain that I would see them again." And so she did not look back in sorrow as the other maidens did when the village disappeared behind the hills of rock, and kept her eyes only on her sandals and the sand that blew over her feet as she marched. All of the women were obliged to walk for that whole long journey, for the horses that the troop had were to be ridden only by the most important of the men. It soon became clear to the girls why they were being taken along, for the men wished for bed mates both on their journey and when they reached wherever it was that they were to be sent. Many of the maidens that had been given to the troop refused the advances of the soldiers and so were taken by force, but Rookheeya was not among that unhappy number. My mother, wise woman that she was, had no daydreams about keeping herself pure so that she might escape back to her tribe and make an honourable marriage, and she felt that if she was to lose her maidenhead she would at least lose it on her own terms. And so she spread her legs where the others kept theirs closed, and so by submitting to the men she ensured her own survival. "Because I never refused, I was hardly ever beaten," she would tell me, in the long hot afternoons when we rocked the narrow-necked jars and strained the water from goat curd. "I got good food, better than I would have had if my obedience had been thrashed into me. They were gentle with me, or as gentle as such men can be. It was enough. I never had cause to cry when I was taken, for it only hurt for a moment the first time, but I never found much pleasure in it either. Pleasure in coupling is solely for the men." The company made their journey slowly around the Sea of Rhûn, picking their way through the foothills on the Western shore, and when they were clear they marched across wilder-land for many days and nights. The ground, though no longer covered in a carpet of hot sand, caused blisters to rise upon the delicate feet of the women again and again until the skin hardened, but still the poor bruised, tired things were pressed on, weeping for the homeland that was left further and further behind them. Still my mother did not weep; she took her mind off her pain and sorrow by watching the lie of the land around her as they passed through it, noting any possible landmark. Her memories of that time and the tales of that march would prove of great use later on, little though she knew it at the time. She watched her companions as well, and later she would describe them to me as she had described the land. There was Werru, poor little Werru who had only been twelve when she had left the tribe, and was taken by the men at her first blood despite her efforts to hide it and save herself from rape, a girl who would sob in the night. There were Inna and Benti, twin sisters who would have been sold as concubines if their father had not found another use for them, one with curly hair and one with straight who rarely spoke to anyone but each other. There was Ishara, the oldest of all the girls at eighteen, who had been married but had been rejected by her husband when it emerged that her courses had never come and she was barren. Tuki told songs and stories to keep the spirits of the women as high as she could, stories that my mother would remember to tell to me, and Huna would entertain the men by falling to the ground at times and biting and kicking them savagely whenever they came to her and baited the demon in her, froth boiling from her mouth, though Rookheeya always believed that she was ill more than anything else. It took a brave man to bed her, though in their turn all the girls were taken; some willingly and some less so. After that they turned more to the South and travelled through lands as brown as their name, until they came to the river called Anduin. They followed it until the greenery on the horizon told them that their journey was nearly at an end. It was nightfall when they entered between the trees of the forest rightly call Mirkwood, and came at length to the great stronghold of the One of the South, that many at that time called the Necromancer, that place that the foes of the One named Dol Guldur. Once there, the girls who were no longer maidens were set to work at once, some to mend ruined garments, some to melt oil for the many lamps that flamed through the shadowy citadel, some to wipe floors and some unfortunate few to strip hides for tanning or to clean instruments of torture – for the stronghold was not only a seat of power, it was also a dungeon from which few escaped. Many prisoners were kept there, Men and the short grown beings called Dwarves, deep in the inner ranks of the stronghold, near to where the One of the South dwelt in full darkness. Fortune was with my mother, for it was rare that she had to go to such a place since it was her task to help cook food for the many soldiers and prisoners, and on occasion to serve that food to the Men that served the One and to the beings that our people called the 'shadowed ones', the servants of the One who could not bear to walk in the light of the Sun and needs must hide in darkness during the day. Rookheeya never called them anything other than creatures, and she never hid her disgust for them whenever she talked of them, which was not often. She would sometimes allow me to pass my hands over the scars on her arms and back from where they had flicked their whips at her in cruel fun as she hurriedly passed them, though she was certainly never beaten as badly as some of the poor captives held there at the Necromancer's pleasure. By keeping her head down and keeping quiet she avoided their attention, and her loveliness did not draw them as it drew the men. The creatures had no love for beauty, and would have marred it if they could, which was why many girls were often lashed across the face in spite – but not my mother. Not she. She was determined to survive, by any means. By the time the troop had reached the stronghold Rookheeya had lain with many of the men, and in the months that would follow she was to lie with many more, Men of the East and Men of the South alike. "They were all the same, after a while. It was like tending dogs. Sometimes they would bite, sometimes they would be desperate to rut, and sometimes they were just too sleepy." When she spoke of those times to me or to my aunt or to anyone else, my mother never showed the least bit of shame nor betrayed any desire for any pity that might be shown. "I take no pride in my actions, but I do not regret them," she would sometimes say. "If I had not done as I did, I would have lived only a few weeks in that dank pit." "Most of the other girls called me whore or slut," she confessed to me as she braided my hair, speaking words I was too young to hear, "but I was not hurt too much by sharing beds and I had enough to eat and some water to wash in at times and to wash my hair, and so I was satisfied. A few of the others were doing the same as I, and we were better off for it.