A.N I should have waited to publish this. I should have been a good little writer and taken the time to go over it again and again. Re-write it a thousand different ways. Well it seems I'm not a well behaved writer because I am too excited to let this cook any longer. Sorry if it's a bit raw, there will definitely be more to follow. Disclaimer: I don't own them - duh. Piper struggled to make it back to the ship. Her head was bleeding and her dislocated shoulder throbbed. The cold air whipped her hair, she was shivering. Freezing. Coming to the top of the hill she could see the Argo II in the harbor below. She sobbed with relief and jogged as fast as she could down the slope. Her body was stiff and sore. Her lip was split and her eyes tearing up. She reached the boardwalk. The sound of the light waves was music to her ears. Her toe caught on a loose board and she tripped falling and scraping her palms. "Piper?" She looked up when she heard her name. Jason stood at the railing looking down at her. Her heart jumped. Jason ran down the dock, Piper pulled herself to her feet. He collided with her, his arms wrapped around her. He held her so tight. Piper started laughing, relief, pain, everything she was feeling and all she could do was laugh. "What happened to you?" Jason said softly in her ear. Her knees went weak and she slid down onto the ground. Jason kneeled next to her. She felt tears running down her face. Her laughter turned to sobbing, heart breaking sounds ripped through her. Jason pulled her into his chest. With her good hand she gripped his shirt. "I tried," her voice was almost inaudible. "Where's Annabeth?" Jason asked. A pit had formed in his stomach. "I couldn't hold on. I tried," she choked on tears. "She made me leave her. She made me." She wrapped her arm around Jason's neck clinging for dear life. "Jason," she sobbed. "He's going to kill me. Percy's going to kill me." Jason's brain was buzzing, his insides felt like jello. "It's going to be ok. We'll figure it out, we always do." Jason wrapped his arms under Piper and scooped her up. He carried her onto the ship. Leo walked out of the engine room, bumping right into them. "Piper?" He looked at her limp body in Jason's arms. "Wha-" He stammered, his eyes wide. "Shh," Jason looked around. "Where's Percy?" "Still underwater, said something about water nymphs." "Ok. Come on I'm going to need your help." Jason turned and continued walking toward the medbay. Leo followed, "Wait! What's going on? Where's Annabeth?" Jason sent him a look that made his stomach drop through the floor. "Oh. Oh man…" He muttered realizing the severity of the situation. "No one finds out. Not yet," Jason said. "Are you crazy? We can't keep this a secret!" They entered the med bay. Jason laid Piper down gently on a bed. She groaned softly but her eyes stayed closed. Leo grabbed his shoulder turning him around, "when the others find out… This is beyond not good. Percy, he's going to freak!" "You don't think I know that!" Jason hissed. Leo flinched. "Sorry. I just need a minute to figure this out." Leo swallowed, "What about Annabeth? Are we preparing a search party, or a burial ceremony?" Jason rubbed his eyes, "gods… I don't know." Leo's legs were wobbly. His hands started to heat up, like they did when he was scared. "It's Annabeth," he said. "She can't be… Can she?" He asked quietly. "We won't know anything until Piper wakes up." Jason got a damp cloth and a glass of nectar. "One problem at a time." Leo collapsed in a chair against the wall. His whole body felt shaky. They must have sat like that, in silence, for hours. Piper groaned softly; Both boys looked up at her. "Pipes?" Jason asked. She turned her face and slowly opened her eyes. She looked at the wall a dazed expression on her face. Once she recognized where she was she gasped and sat straight up. "Easy," Jason murmured. The color had returned to her face and her head and shoulder were almost completely healed. "Piper we need to know what happened." Piper took a deep breath, "Everything was ok. We found the temple and were in the middle of packing up the scrolls when we were ambushed. We weren't expecting them, horrible, creatures. They were huge, I don't even know what to call them. They didn't have eyes only gaping mouths full of teeth. They burrowed up through the ground like worms. We held them off but more and more were coming. We were going to run, we had to," she paused. "One of them grabbed Annabeth's leg. It started dragging her down its burrow. I managed to grab her arm, that's how I dislocated my shoulder, but the thing wouldn't let go." Her voice cracked. " I tried to hold on, but it was so strong. It was going to pull both of us in. She told me to let go, she said I had to get the scrolls back. I wasn't going to, but she was convinced it was the only option. She said it would be ok." "You let go?" Jason asked. Piper nodded, "I didn't know what else I could do." Leo spoke up for the first time, "So Annabeth's in the tunnels?" Piper's eyes watered. "That's good, that we can work with!" Leo said gaining excitement. "I'll gather the search party." He disappeared up the stairs. Jason knew he should be more hopeful, but looking at Piper something held him back from relief. "Do you think we'll find anything if we go down in those tunnels?" "She didn't have a weapon and those things, Jason, I don't know how anyone could survive down there." Jason felt it again, the ice water being poured down his throat. His eyes stung it felt like something was gnawing through his stomach. Leo's voice came over the intercom, "Everyone upstairs now!" Jason and Piper met Leo upstairs. Piper sat down quietly. Jason pulled Leo over to the side, "No Percy yet?" Leo shook his head. Hazel and Frank wandered in. When Hazel saw Piper she smiled, "You're back!" She ran and wrapped her arms around Piper. Piper hugged her back meekly. "Where's Annabeth?" Frank asked. Jason set his jaw, "That's what we need to talk about." the tone he used conveyed destruction. "We were ambushed," Piper said weakly. "I tried to save her, but…" "Oh gods, no," Hazel covered her mouth and sank into the chair next to Piper. Frank looked at them stunned. "She's gone?" Jason didn't quite meet his eye. Silent tears ran down Hazel's cheeks. "No guys it's ok!" Leo said, hope dripping in his voice. "We can find her, save her!" He looked around at their faces, fear, sadness. "We can save her," he said again quietly. Why weren't they backing him up? He could feel doubt creep in the back of his mind. "Percy doesn't know." Hazel said. "How are we going to tell him?" Her words hit the room like a brick. "I'll tell him," Jason said. "No," Piper said. "I have to." "Pipes…" "I promised." They were interrupted by the sound of something hitting the deck. Jason walked out to greet a very exhausted looking Percy. "How'd it go?" He asked, trying to sound normal. Percy smiled at him, "It took forever but I managed to get at least directions out of them. Lets just say those nymphs were not in a helping mood." He walked across the deck stopping, he bent down and whipped somethings off the floor with his fingers. "Blood?" He asked. "What happened? Was someone hurt?" He turned to Jason. "Must have been Piper. She was pretty banged up when she came in." "They're back?" Percy asked. His eyes lit up, all traces of fatigue gone. He took off toward the mess hall. "Percy wait!" Jason called after him. Percy strolled to the doorway practically glowing. Jason caught up to him. "When did they get in? Someone should have signaled me or…" His voice trailed off as he entered the room. He looked at each of them. Frank crumpled in a corner, Hazel's tears, pipers dead expression, Leo's furrowed brow. His eyes kept looking but Annabeth wasn't here. His stomach dropped. No , he thought. His breath became shallow, panic setting in. He turned on Jason, " where is she," he growled. Jason flailed for words. "Percy…" Jason started. "No. Stop talking," Percy felt like his insides were twisting. He took a step and another his brain wasn't working. He braced against the back of a chair. She's ok, she's ok. He desperately tried to convince himself. The others looked at each other, all unsure of what to say. "I'm so sorry," Piper said. His head snapped up. He glared at her, the room dropped 10 degrees. She wouldn't meet his eyes. The ship rumbled, pipes straining. Leo looked at the walls, oh boy, he thought, here we go again. "What exactly are you telling me," his voice was quiet, but Piper wanted to flee. She took a shaky breath and retold the events of their mission. Percy didn't move, he didn't say anything. Nothing exploded, Jason took that as a good sign. Piper got up from her seat, a tear ran down her cheek. She walked over next to him, "There wasn't anything I could do." Anger swelled off him. "Nothing you could do?" he said quietly. "Nothing you could do?" His voice rose, shouting. He lunged pinning her against the wall, she gasped. "You were her partner! It was your job to keep her safe!" "Hey!" Jason pulled on Percy's shoulder, yanking him off Piper. Jason struggled to keep Percy restrained. "You abandoned her! This is all your fault!" Piper stood there a deer in headlights. All at once every pipe in the ship burst. Water ran down the walls, puddled at their feet. "She wanted me to tell you she loved you," Piper said meekly. "What are we going to do without her? What am I going to do-" Percy's voice broke. He shook Jason off his shoulders. His eyes were a storm, the ship groaned. Outside the waves picked up, smashing against them. Wind whipped against the the Windows, they shook threatening to break. "It should have been you," he growled before storming out of the room. Everyone sat there in a daze. The window cracked, a small stream of water squirted through. Leo jumped to his feet, "He's going to capsize us!" He ran to the control room. Jason turned and ran up to the deck. Percy was standing in the middle, hands clenched at his sides. His eyes were closed tightly, the storm growing ever powerful. A wave crashed over the side of the ship and threatened to take Jason out to sea. "Percy!" He yelled. The wind whipped up around him, a crack of thunder sounded overhead. Jason's heart skipped. This was the making of something bigger than a storm. He made his way slowly to his friend, fighting the rain and wind. "Please!" He shouted. "I know how you must feel, but this is out of control!" Percy's eyes snapped open, they were unrecognizable. He looked like something Jason would never want to face. "You know how I feel? You could never understand! I can't breath!" Pain filled his voice. "You're right, I don't know what you're feeling but I do know one thing. This!" He gestured to the storm, "isn't going to bring her back." "Just get out of here!" Percy screamed. "Leave me alone!" Percy shook his head, the rainwater doused his hair, he wasn't even attempting to stay dry. "She wouldn't want this. She wouldn't want you