Parameters of this Alternate Universe: The night Pettigrew betrayed the Potters, Sirius went to check on his hiding spot early and saw that he was gone, figured out what happened and got to Godric's Hollow in time to warn Lily and James. He also had sent Patronus' to Dumbledore and the rest of the Order, including Remus. Remus and (much to the surprise of James and Lily) Severus Snape got there first. Dumbledore created an illegal Portkey and spirited a pregnant Lily and baby Harry away to the Burrow – the Order's best safe house at the time. Fighting together, James, Severus and Sirius defeat Voldemort. Later that year, Lily is doing some reading and comes across something that discusses Horcruxes. She gets the idea that Voldemort might have had some and brings this idea to Dumbledore. They begin to look into it together and the marauders (minus Pettigrew who was killed by Bellatrix Lestrange in her anguish when she learned of Voldemort's downfall) go hunting for them and defeat the Dark Lord once and for all. Harry and his younger brothers (two-James and Lily have three kids) live a normal childhood and he grows up as Ron's best friend. Their meeting Hermione happens in relatively the same manner and despite the lack of Dark Wizards trying to kill him, Harry still manages to get into a lot of trouble. Other important information here: This takes place in '96, about the same time as Order of the Phoenix which means that Tonks is 23 here. Remus (and James, Sirius and Lily) are 36. "So Remus, heard any gossip at Hogwarts recently?" James asked, far too innocently. "That is a magnificent question, James!" and now Sirius. This spelled trouble. And a lot of it. "You know, it's been years since we were students. How I long for teenage dramatics and gossip. Do tell us, Remus, dear." Sirius gushed reminiscently. God but that dog was melodramatic when it suited him. "I did hear something interesting the other day, actually." I said as seriously as I could manage. They weren't the only ones who could play at this game. "Did you know, Minerva mentioned to me that our record of the most detentions served as a group for pranks has been surpassed?" The mug in Padfoot's hand shattered as he slammed it on the table. "What?!" His voice was high pitched and strained. That had been his crowning achievement. Said so in a direct quote on his chocolate frog card, right next to "helped bring about the downfall of the dark wizard known as Voldemort. Sirius Black states to this day that his proudest accomplishment will always be his record for the most collective detentions served for pranking at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He holds the title with several other notable wizards: Mr. James Potter and Mr. Remus Lupin." "Looks like they'll have to change your chocolate frog card, Padfoot." Lily came sweeping into the kitchen with a pot of tea and a mischievous smile on her face. "Hello, Mooney. So nice of you to stop by. I know you have a busy schedule these days." James choked a laugh into his tea at that and my brow furrowed. That clearly had something to do with what my friends were fishing for. I sighed. Why couldn't they just ask me something if they had a question like normal people? "Even more impressive Padfoot, is the fact that the record is now held by two wizards instead of four. As in the two of them have pulled more than twice the number of pranks we did and served more than twice the time." Sirius was now sputtering incoherently so I turned back to my paper. "I assume that was to what you were referring, Prongs." "No, actually." He went on. Damn. I had been hoping he would let go whatever it was they were about to mock me mercilessly about given Padfoot's current state and turn on him instead. I was in such a good mood, I didn't want them to ruin it. "My son mentioned a rumor he had heard the other day in his last letter and I wondered if you had heard the same thing." "Well you know what they say about rumors." I said casually. To my surprise it was Lily who didn't let me go after that. "That they all have some basis in fact." She smirked at me. "So tell us Mooney, is it true? Are you dating a student?" I spewed tea all over the table in front of me, coating Sirius in the stuff much to his dismay. As James laughed at our friend and Sirius glowered at me I couldn't help but stare directly at Lily. "What?!" I sputtered. "A student?! Of course not! That's absurd! You believed that?" "Not at first," She shrugged as though she hadn't just assaulted my character. "But Harry and all of his friends had heard the rumor and then Marjorie, a girl I work with said she heard Professor Sprout mention Professor Lupin's scandalous love life and then you started humming." The rumor, of course , was absurd, the second mention, well, that was perhaps a little closer to fact but Lily's third accusation caught me completely off guard. "I'm sorry, I started what ?" "Humming. You've been humming songs lately and you've been in this perpetually happy mood and I thought, hey. Maybe Mooney's in love." I stared at her. "So because some loose lips started wagging and I've discovered a new album, you figured I had started dating a minor! Lily. Rest assured. I am not dating a student." Her face fell and I looked into her eyes, even more shocked. "Lily Evans Potter tell me this instant why you look disappointed! Did you want me to be dating a student?!" "Some of them are of age! She-" "Or he!" Sirius added helpfully. I rolled my eyes. "-could have been 17 or 18. And you aren't that much older than them, stranger things have happened! I mean I married James. I have no room to judge you for whatever your love life entails." "Hey!" Prongs poked his wife lovingly, realizing that she had just insulted him. "What are you saying about me?" "That you're kind of a wang and that I could have done better. Lucky for you I fell in love with you." James pulled her in for an obnoxious, way-too-passionate-for-an-old-married-couple kiss and I moved on. "Well I promise you, I'm not dating a student." Having pulled away from his wife, I saw James accept a handful of Galleons from a pouting Sirius. "Did you lot have a bet as to whether or not I was dating a student?" I asked, as Sirius glared at Lily. "I thought you said you were sure!" He murmur-yelled under his breath. "I said Remus couldn't get some hot, younger girl but nooo. Lily was sure! You just cost me 10 Galleons." Can't get some hot younger girl, Merlin's ass , I thought to myself proudly. "Remus, what was that?" Lily turned to me, suddenly deathly serious. "What was that smile? What are you smiling about? Oh my gosh. You are dating someone! You're in love! Guys! Remus is in love!" she was jumping up and down now. I sighed and folded my paper. "And that's my cue to leave." Her fingers gripped my arm in a vice grip. "Like hell you are! I need to know everything! Who is she? When can we meet her? What is she doing this Friday? I'll have a dinner party. Oh my gosh, Mooney, I'm so happy!" "Like I said. I'm leaving." "What!? No!" my friends all tried to convince me to stay but I wasn't having that. "No! And I'm not telling you all anything yet either because Sirius will make some disgusting comments and James will make fun of me and Lily, you'll stalk the poor girl and scare her off before I even have a real chance." "Aha! So we know it's a girl!" Sirius interjected triumphantly. Then abject wonder filled his eyes as he amended his statement. "Unless it isn't a girl! Unless it's a man and you've said girl in order to throw us off the scent." Wonder turned to terror as his mind continued to rant. "Oh sweet Merlin, tell me it isn't a guy that you call 'my girl' or some disgustingly cutsie nickname like that. Remember how much I vomited when James started calling Lily 'pumpkin pie'? Do you want me to puke on you too?" I rolled my eyes and kissing Lily on the cheek, made my way out. I glanced at the watch Mr. and Mrs. Potter had given me for my 17th birthday and grinned. It was almost time. She'd be there in half an hour. Only 30 minutes and I got to see her. We'd only been dating a couple months. Casual. I hadn't broached the subject of exclusivity until last week because, well, it was her. She was young, vibrant and give it enough time and she'd want someone young and vibrant too, not some dusty old professor who was shyer than a box of rocks. (Note to self: Do not let Sirius meet her.) So when I finally did ask her if she was seeing someone else, it came as quite a shock when she responded by nearly tackling me and informing me that we were exclusive and that if I dated someone else, "my boogies would be turning into bats for months". Her words. Not mine. She then proceeded to assure me in some rather creative ways that she had some pretty strong feelings for me and that I had damn well better be taking this relationship seriously. It had made my day. In more ways than one. -x- I quickly apparated back to the Hogwarts gate and unlocked it, letting myself in. I hurried to my office and ran a comb through my hair. It wasn't as unruly as James' but the wind had still done a number on it. "Leave it." her voice pierced the quiet of the room and a full smile broke out onto my face and she tiptoed up behind me. I didn't look at her yet, just stood there and waited for what was surely about to come. "You're always so kempt and as great as you look, there's something sexy about you all windblown and out of sorts." I smiled as a shiver went down my spine. She was almost past my desk. Only a meter or so away from my back. I closed my eyes in excitement. THUNK. There it was. I spun around and reached out my arms to catch my falling girlfriend. Her pink hair fell across her face as she tumbled into my arms. "I haven't moved that bin since I started working here. And yet you trip over it every time." I grinned down at the girl in my arms. "How is it possible to be that clumsy?" she rolled her eyes, her hair turning a slightly darker color of pink, almost as though it was blushing. Gripping me by my shoulders she pulled herself upright but didn't try to escape my grip. "Oh shut it." "Make me." I said with a smirk. She responded by enthusiastically occupying my lips for a few minutes. When we finally did separate, I took her hand and let her through my office to the painting which would give way to a tunnel to my quarters. "What say you to dinner?" I asked. "I brought steak!" She exclaimed excitedly. "And wine. I thought we could celebrate." My brow furrowed as I looked at her questioningly. "Celebrate what?" "Hello! Anniversary?" I blanched. Had I forgotten our anniversary? Holy hell, what was I going to-wait. No. Hang on. It wasn't our anniversary. "Dora, what are you talking about?" "Five years ago today." She said staring at me expectantly. "You graduated