Alright, many of you have been waiting for the next story in my Champion of the Sun series. My word still stands that I will only start updating more regularly at the end of this year, but I have decided to give you the first chapter a bit early. Why? Because my fans here are awesome! No matter how many idiots try to insult me and get me to stop writing, there are at least ten great people who encourage me for every idiot. So as a small summer present I give you the beginning of the end, the first chapter of Harbinger... Have fun... "Tell me how exactly we have ended up here... again?" Percy asked, as he sat next to Zoe in the office of the headmaster. "That pig had it coming," Zoe replied stubbornly. They had both spent the last twenty minutes waiting for the headmaster to arrive, after an altercation during their last break. He knew that Zoe had her fair share of trouble with the other students at the high school, but this was already the sixth time she had to see the headmaster this month. And he always had to accompany her, if only to make sure that she wouldn't take offense when any member of the faculty punished her for what she calls justified acts of self-defense. "And what did you break this time?" "It is not my fault that his nose broke from that punch. I've hit you harder than that and you did not even wince. Mortal boys are wimps, despite their claims to be strong and powerful." Zoe looked at him in indignation, before she turned away and looked out of the window. They spent the rest of their wait in silence, until the door opened and the headmaster entered. The man frowned, as he saw Zoe, a natural reaction for the man. He had visible aged ever since Zoe had joined the school... which has only happened three months prior. "Another fight, Ms. Nightshade," The man said, "This time I will have no choice but to suspend you." "Is that really necessary, sir?" Percy asked, when he saw that Zoe was not willing to answer the man, let alone acknowledge his presence. "Yes, Mr. Jackson, it is. I have also contacted your family about her behavioral problems." Percy had to gulp when he heard that. He wondered what family this man had actually talked to... he prayed that it wasn't Apollo, he would only create an even greater mess. "Believe me, I don't punish her out of spite, but should she continue on this path, her whole future will be in jeopardy. She is on a path that will inevitably lead to her self-destruction." The door suddenly opened again and one of the secretaries entered, followed by another woman. It took Percy another moment, before he realized who this woman was. "Ah, it is good to finally meet you Mrs Jackson." The headmaster greeted her, "I am sorry that we had to ask you to come on such short notice, but your ward has caused us trouble to no end." "I understand your reasons, but keep in mind that Zoe has come from... a difficult environment, before we have taken her in. My dear children try to help her adjust, but we can only do so much." Percy only watched the exchange with a look of utter disbelief. Of all the persons, she had come. But why? This would not bode well for anyone involved. As soon as they would be out of earshot of any mortal, Zoe would explode. He could already see how much she had to fight her urge to throttle the woman, who had come to impersonate Percy's mother. There she stood, in all her glory, the goddess of love, Aphrodite. Her hair a pitch black this time, her eyes resembling Percy's so eerily that he was stunned. But the aura of power and the sweet scent left no doubt about who she really was, not that the poor mortal before he would have any chance to find out the truth. The moment she had entered the room she had him hooked and under her spell. "Yes... but please understand that this is the third offense... this week." The headmaster said weakly. "And it is only Tuesday." "Oh, but please consider abstaining from punishing the poor girl. I will see to it that she amends her conduct properly. Just let me handle this." Aphrodite coerced him sweetly. "Very well. If she can promise to behave from now on..." "Oh, she will. Trust me." Aphrodite assured the man. "We will take our leave then." The man merely nodded, as the goddess guided Percy and Zoe out of the room. The moment they were undisturbed, she even used the chance and grabbed Percy, only to disappear with him in a bright flash. Only Zoe stayed behind, more pissed than ever. Percy knew he should have been surprised about Aphrodite's sudden kidnapping attempt, but he was used to be pushed and pulled around by his godly family, that he could hardly bring himself to show more than mild annoyance. "Ah, so much better. I hate schools. So little room to express yourself. Not to mention the stiff huntress was not willing to share," The goddess said. She sounded giddy like a child on a sugar rush. Percy merely watched her, waiting patiently for her to finish whatever monologue she had no doubt prepared to explain herself. But he realized that she looked different know. Her hair had changed from black to a honey colored blonde and her eyes were now a brilliant shade of blue. Not to mention that she looked younger. Why did she look younger now? He shuddered as a feeling of dread took hold of him. "Why so silent, my dear Percy? Are you not happy to see me?" "That depends... mother!" He replied stoically. The goddess giggled. "So that is how you want to play? Fine by me, my dear." She grabbed him and hugged him tightly to her chest. She had grown again, so much that she now towered over him and pressed his face directly into her ample bosom. Only with great effort Percy could avoid suffocating and free himself from her hold, his face red and eyes wide open. "Just what is your problem? Why have you brought me here?" "To reward you, my dear Perseus," Aphrodite replied with a sultry voice. "What?" "You, my dear, are the reason why our all lives have become fascinating once more. So much intrigue. So many schemes and quarrels. So much passion. You deserve a reward for this. And I am more than willing to give you the best reward a growing boy at your age could ask for. A first time to remember for the rest of your life," She slowly came closer to him, her hips swaying enticingly. "Are you insane? I am not even fourteen and you are..." "I am whatever you want me to be, Perseus." "I want you gone." She laughed, clearly doubting the shred of conviction he had mustered to show. "No you don't." Her voice suddenly sounded so much more seductive... so sweet and promising. Only belatedly he realized that she was using her charm speak on him. He had trouble to resist her, but eventually he managed to ignore the seductive magic of the goddess. It only enraged Aphrodite in the process. "Why must you be so damn stubborn! Why can't you just accept this gift, the gift that so many men would willingly give their lives for?" She snarled, "Ah. I see it now. How could I have missed it. There have been so many powerful people messing with your fate, I would have nearly missed it. There is someone else... but who?" Percy wasn't really sure what the goddess was talking about and at this point he did not really care. All he wanted was to get away from the crazy woman and return home for a long and restful nap. But that would not be easy. He was wary of using his powers. It would draw unwanted attention to him. Zeus had sent out his spies to search for the powers of Poseidon. But he had to escape... oh how he cursed this meddling goddess. "No matter. When I am done, you will see only me..." She wanted to grab him, but before she had the chance, several arrows shot past her, so close to her head that she was sure that the tips must have cut off some of her hair. "What now? What troublesome huntress has come to bother me this time?" Aphrodite growled angrily. "Is this you, Artemis?" Artemis... another family member he was not so keen on meeting anytime soon. He knew that she hates Aphrodite, but would that be enough to get her to safe him? She was officially appointed as his guardian, but so far she had never made an appearance, no matter how dire his situation. A woman appeared near them, though she was not who Percy had expected to see here. "Ms Leonard?" He asked, his eyes wide in surprise. Why was his P.E. teacher here, a bow in her hand, a quiver strapped to her hip? "Who are you?" Aphrodite demanded to know, "Are you one of Artemis' little misfits?" "I would advise you to leave," the huntress said calmly, as she readied another arrow. "Do you really think you can beat me, foolish girl?" "Unlikely," the huntress admitted, "But I can draw enough attention to this place to lure someone here who will beat you to a bloody pulp. Someone who can possibly even make you fade. So I would advise you to leave my student alone. I don't take idly to immortals threatening the children under my care." The goddess stared at the huntress for some long, tense moments, before her expression turned furious once more. "I will get my revenge for this, girl. You will be punished for your interference in my fun..." "I serve higher powers than you. You do not frighten me, goddess." "We will see." Aphrodite growled in return. "And you, Percy, I will come back for you." Percy allowed himself a deep breath, as the goddess was finally gone. Her relentless use of her charm speak was taxing on him and he could feel the beginnings of a headache. But he had did not have the luxury of time at the moment. There was still another, unknown immortal near. "Who are you really," He finally asked his teacher, as he summoned his sword from the amulet around his neck. But the teacher looked rather unimpressed by the weapon, despite the flames dancing around Sunreaver's blade. She smiled kindly at him, which was quite odd to see, since he usually ended up on her bad side during her lessons. "I am Atalante, daughter of King Iasus of Arcadia, companion of Jason and Meleager... but that was another life, long ago. Now I roam this world, doing whatever I feel worthy of my time." "And who do you serve?" Her words were still disconcerting. She said that she served a power that could destroy Aphrodite. A bold claim to be sure. "The mother, my curious student. But don't be alarmed, I mean you no harm and I have no intention to interfere with your life more than I have done today." The mother... Rhea... so she had still not given up on him. This would be troublesome in the near future, that much was assured. "Thank you," Percy finally said. He did not trust this woman. He would be foolish to trust any immortal he knew so little about. Her name was familiar, but he could not remember where he had heard it before. But she saved him today, so he would give her the benefit of a doubt and would not consider her an enemy on default. "You