Something Familiar Chapter 1: "The Twin Twin Terrors" AKA: "Foxy Ladies Harry's mouth dropped open in surprise as he emerged onto Platform 9 3/4. It had actually happened. He had run through the barrier like it wasn't even there. It may as well have been empty air as far as Harry was concerned. He turned to look at the concrete wall he had just run through, and his mouth fell open even wider. From this side the barrier wasn't there. There was a wrought-iron archway behind him. Set in the top of the arch were the words, "Platform Nine and Three-Quarters." On the other side of the arch, he could see back into the station proper. Businessmen and travelers were simply passing by, completely oblivious to the platform behind the not-wall. He could see every one of them, but none of them even knew he was there. It was amazing! He could- He could see a young redhead charging the arch, eyes closed as he pushed his loaded trolley with all his might. It was as if he intended to charge through the barrier by virtue of sheer force. He didn't even seem to notice when he crossed into the platform. Far from slowing, he continued to pick up speed despite being past the barrier. His eyes were still closed. He was headed straight for Harry. What kind of an idiot runs around with their eyes shut? Harry wondered. He supposed he should try to get out of the way, but he had spent too long looking around. Any chance he had to avoid the eleven-year-old engine of destruction was long gone. He was moving far too fast to avoid. It was painfully obvious that Harry was doomed to take a high-speed trunk to the face. It was probably going to hurt quite a bit. Luckily, he never found out. A pair of hands grabbed him by the collar and hauled him back. At the same time, a second pair of hands yanked his trunk in the other direction. The one man stampede thundered by, eyes still closed, man and trolley combined into a single unstoppable engine of destruction. Then the unstoppable engine of destruction stopped. Watching in fascination, Harry wondered how unlucky a person would have to be to be passing at just that moment. And the worst part? He definitely saw it coming. The blonde's head turned at the sound of the approaching trolley. Harry vaguely recognized him as the boy with the arrogant sneer from Madam Malkin's. But now the sneer was gone, replaced with a look of shock and horror. The unstoppable force met the immovable object. The trolleys collided, red's flying into the air with a shower of splinters bursting from a shattered corner. The blond's was driven back, jutting off the trolley and catching him in the crotch and stomach. His eyes bulged in an extremely comical manner. The trunk continued forward, the blonde's mass not nearly sufficient to stop it, and drove him to the ground. The redhead was pitched over his cart, the force of the collision flipping him over the handle. He shot straight towards the blonde's trolley like an oversized bullet. There was a meaty thud as his face hit the handle. Harry couldn't help but note that the noise had an oddly hollow sound to it. The human projectile continued to follow his low ballistic arc. His close encounter with the trolley had set him spinning, turning him into a sort of flailing human shuriken. He arced rather ungracefully through the air. A girlish shriek echoed across the platform. Then gravity finally defeated momentum and the redhead came down. He came down face first. He came down lips first. On the blond. Their lips met, driven together by the almighty will of gravity. Horrified screams fought to emerge from their lips. They were muffled, but they could be heard clear across the station. The redhead yanked his head back, and shout to scream something. At this point gravity decided prove its dominance once again. The blond's trunk came down square on the back of redhead's skull. It drove him back down, slamming him into the blonde's waiting lips. The trunk tilted to the side and hit the station floor with a thud. The two boys were left lying there, lips still pressed together and completely unconscious. "Awesome..." Harry turned at the voice. It was one of the boys who went through the barrier before him. Red hair, lean build and freckles; Harry would bet his wand that he was related to the kamikaze student. They even had the same shabby robes, though they were in slightly better shape. He was also wearing a fur draped around his neck. The robes Harry could handle. The strange colors, frills and poofs that wizards seemed to favor were a bit harder to swallow. Turbans? Yeah, that was quite a bit odder. Especially when they were stuffed with garlic. But, for some reason, the sight of a teenage boy wearing a gorgeous fur was tripping Harry's "What The Hell" reflex in a way that walking through a concrete wall hadn't. "That has got to be-" the boy said. "-the coolest thing-" Harry spun around. Apparently there were two of them. Identical twins, obviously, and this one was dragging Harry's trunk as he walked towards them. He was also wearing a fur, Harry noted. "-that we've ever seen!" they finished together. Harry stared over his shoulder, then looked down at the hand that was still loosely gripping his collar. "You pulled me out of the way..." he said. He was a little shell-shocked. Not because of the near miss, but because someone had done something to help him. No one cared enough to do something like that for him. "Well we couldn't very well let you-" "-get run down by our moron brother." Harry stared blankly. "Yes, I know, I know." "It's hard to believe we're related, isn't it?" "After all, I got all the good looks." "You mean I got all the good looks." "I'm afraid not, oh brother mine. Just look at the curve of my cheek!" "Ah, but you have to take into account the set of my eyes, George!" "But my freckles, Fred! See how they're the perfect distance apart?" "Ah, but mine are at perfect geometric angles as defined by trans-spacial recursive geometric theory!" They stared at each other for a moment. "What? What the heck is that?" "Honestly, brother, I have no idea. It just kind of popped into my head." "Right. Anyway," the one on the left turned towards Harry. "I'm Weasley. Fred Weasley. I like my hand shaken, not stirred," he said, holding out his hand. "And assuming I haven't missed a sudden dimensional transposition anomaly, I'm George Weasley," the other said, holding his hand out next to his brother's. Fred glanced sideways at his brother. "You're saying some pretty strange things today, George." ".ezag sih htaeneb reffus mohw slatrom eht ot eoW .xonayhtA fo thgim eht erofeb reviuQ .sehcorppa hsiugna fo drol ehT" Fred blinked. The opened his mouth to speak, paused, and blinked again. Finally he settled with, "Right..." A dainty belch escaped George's lips. "Sorry, I think those eggs this morning were a bit off." "You ate the eggs? I'd say they looked quite a lot more than 'a bit off', George." For some reason Harry felt like he had just lost a few Sanity Points. He didn't know what those were, but he was pretty sure he had less than he'd started the day with. But that didn't really matter at the moment. This was his chance to finally make some friends. With an unsteady smile, he reached out and shook both their hands at the same time. "I'm Harry Potter." The twins suddenly leaned forward, studying Harry's face from just a few inches away. " The Harry Potter?" they asked together. "I... I think so," he stammered. "At least... I'm pretty sure there's only one of me... But then again, there's two of you, so I guess there could be more of me..." Both twins stood up straight, laughing. "Oh, this one's a winner Fred!" "Indeed he is, George!" "To think that of all people-" "-we'd save Harry Potter-" "-from certain doom-" "-at the hands of our least-favorite sibling!" "Ginny's going to be pretty upset mom wouldn't even take her through the barrier, Fred!" "Indeed, George. She's sure to be jealous. Maybe we should get an autograph for her." Harry frowned. "I'd... really rather not, if that's okay..." he said. The twins gave him a pair of curious looks. The younger boy continued, "It seems like everyone likes me for something I didn't even know I did..." "Isn't that a good thing?" "Everyone wants people to like them." "But people don't like me ," Harry insisted. "They've never even met me. How could they like me? They like the boy-who-lived, not me. I'd rather be just Harry." Fred shrugged. It didn't really make much sense to him. But he didn't make much sense to most people, so he supposed it was fair. "Well then, Just Harry it is. Pleasure to meet you, Just Harry. I'm Fred. This is George." "So pleased to make your acquaintance, Just Harry!" George added cheerfully. Fred waved grandiosely before pointing at his fur. "This is Ru," he said. He pointed at the fur around his brother's neck and continued, "and that's Ri." Harry stared. Then he stared some more. He looked up at George's face, then studied Fred's. They seemed serious. He stared at the furs one last time, just to be sure. Finally, he couldn't take it anymore. "You... named your furs?" "Furs?" George asked, confused. Fred frowned. "Err... brother... we're looking a bit limp there, aren't we?" "Limp!? I'll have you know I was at full-mast just this-" "Not you, idiot! Her!" Fred quickly interrupted. "Now why would Ri be limp? She doesn't even have a..." he trailed off as he looked down at his fur. "Oh. Yes, I think I see the problem now..." "Really? Because with all the time you've spent 'using the toilet' lately, it's a wonder you're not blind..." Ignoring his brother, George slid the fur off his shoulders. He held it up in front of his face and gave it a considering look. A slight twitch of his hand sent it swinging. A stronger jerk sent it whipping around in a full circle. He gave it another long look, then turned to his brother and said, "I think she's asleep. She can't be asleep!" Fred shrugged and gave his fur an experimental poke. Nothing happened. "I don't see why not." he said. "We'd sleep all day, if we could get away with it." "Exactly! It's not fair!" George complained. "Why should we do all the work, while they sleep all day? Plus, they're making us look crazy." Fred looked affronted. "But that's our job! No one makes us look crazy but us! It's our one true joy in life! The burning passion that gets us through the day! The one bright, shining light of joy in an endless, gray wasteland of discontent and badly overcooked steaks." he smirked. "Plus, it's kinda fun." "Exactly! No one likes overcooked steaks!" "Especially with cheap barbeque sauce! You've gotta spring for Sweet Baby Ray's!" "Honey Mesquite or Original?" "Smokey." "Oh, of course! Smokey! What a fool I've been!" "'tis alright, brother! There's always time for redemption!" "Praise be to the sauce!" George screamed, dropping to his knees. "Praise be to the beef!" Fred shouted as he joined his brother on the ground. "Steak for the steak god!" they both roared, raising their hands to the sky. Harry glanced around nervously. To his surprise, no one was really paying attention. "Yeah, we do this sort of thing a lot." Fred said as he climbed to his feet. "Mother would be so disappointed in us." George stood next to his brother and gave an exaggerated