So here is the sequel to 'For Calypso'. Hope this isn't a train wreck too. George looked on sadly at the short Latino teen sitting at the employees' lounge who stared pointedly on the wall. A long time ago, Leo had been a bright enthusiastic child with a love for life. He was always smiling. He was always cheerful. He was happy. But then the fire came and took his mother away, and George never saw the happy child again. The day after the fire, they had taken Leo to his aunt's, but she refused to do anything for the boy. That's where George stepped in. He had taken Leo under his wing, given him a home. It was the least he could do for his late boss' child. At first, Leo seemed to get happier. He never truly became the child he was before; he smiled less often when he thought people weren't looking. He had this... sadness behind his eyes, but he was getting better. And then, one day, he just left. Ran away, the cops told him. They had found him in a small town 5 miles away. When George tried to talk to Leo, after the cops brought him home, the boy said he didn't want to come back. George could understand. Too many bad memories. With a heavy heart, he bade farewell to Leo. That was 9 years ago. A month back, Leo was at his doorstep, wet from the rain outside, asking if he could spare him a job in his garage. George immediately gave him the job. Over the next few days, George observed Leo. The teen was back at cracking really bad jokes, and for a moment, George though Leo had healed. But then when he chanced upon Leo sitting at the employees' table staring at the wall like that, he saw that he was wrong. Leo hadn't healed. In fact, it seemed that Leo had just gotten more hurt. But he was good at hiding it. George tried talking to Leo about it, tried learning about what happened in the years he was away, but Leo just shook himself out of his stupor, gave George a blinding grin and cracked a joke. "You know, the usual. I was just busy saving the world." Leo seemed to find this extremely humorous. So George was stuck, not able to do anything for the boy, and still wondering what had turned Leo into a person that hid from the world. -O-O-O- " Leo." The demigod in question turned around to look at the person who called him and saw her. Eyebrows scrunched, lips twisted in a slight frown, hands on her hips , trying her hardest to look stern. She was also wearing red. Leo really did like the colour red. " Calypso." He mumbled, taking a step forward, reaching out for her, but she ducked under his arms and continued glaring at him. " What is this I hear about you still not being over me?" That drew Leo short. He just stood there and blinked. Out of all the things that Calypso would say when she saw him again, that was not what Leo expected. So he just and gaped, imitating a goldfish. Calypso did not relent. " One year!" she yelled. "One year I've been dead and you still haven't got over me! Why haven't you got over me yet?!" That snapped Leo back into his senses. Straightening up, crossing his arms over his chest, and glaring right back at her he snapped back childishly. "I don't want to." Calypso obviously did not expect that. Her features slackened, just a bit, before regaining their sharpness. " Leo Valdez! You better get over me fast, or else I'll-" " What? Haunt me? I'd like that! Be my guest!" The lapsed into silence again, glaring at each other, locked in a my-will-power-is-greater-than-yours contest, until Leo's lips quirked. And with that, the dam broke, both of them collapsing into laughter. -O-O-O- Leo thought it was about time that he went back to Camp. He obviously was wrong. When Leo reached camp, he stood at the edge of the forest, looking down as all the campers gathered around the campfire, singing songs about Uncle Midas' goat. He looked at them all happy and imagined how they would react to him coming back. Jason and Piper would hug him until he died, Percy would laugh and slap him on the back, Annabeth would sniff and say it was about time he returned and all the campers would crowd around him, staring at him with eyes wide and filled with hero-worship. And that's what stopped him. His entire life was one screw up after the other. His mother had died because of his flames. Annabeth and Percy went to Tartarus, because of him. The rest of the Seven nearly died a million times because he wasn't paying attention. And Calypso? The one thing that actually mattered? He couldn't protect that too. As far as Leo was concerned, he did not deserve to be called a hero. He was worthless. His father was a god that excelled in fixing things. Ironically, everything Leo held dear just broke. A son of Hephaestus that couldn't fix the mess his life had become. That's what he was. Not a hero. Leo wasn't ready to be before crowds, but he could always visit Bunker 9. Leo made his way into the woods, ducking under stray branches, and jumping over vines that would have tripped him, when he heard it. The faint rustle of dry leaves being crushed underfoot. Something was near. Leo slowly pulled out his hammer, trying his hardest not to make a sound, as he crept and hid behind a tree. The monster probably didn't see him. Leo's heart was thumping madly. How the hell did a monster break through the barriers of the camp? But Leo pushed the thought to the back of his head. What mattered now was taking the monster out. After psyching himself up, Leo finally felt brave enough to peek at the monster from behind the tree. So he did. And his mind promptly broke. The monster, wasn't really a monster. Instead, it was two demigods. Wrapped rather intimately around each other. The girl was without her shirt. So was the guy. And their hands were in places where hands shouldn't be, and Leo was too young for this shit! The two people (demigods, the pert of Leo's mind that was still functioning added) were busy trying to eat each others' faces off. Then the guy broke off the kiss and started nibbling on the girl's neck and the girl let out a wail of pleasure, and Leo's mind completely stopped functioning as alarms in his head blared out Run away! Run away! Run away goddammit! And Leo ran away as fast as he could, trying his hardest to get rid of the image in his head and the blush on his cheeks. In his defence, the girl did look rather good without her shirt. Stupid hormones. -O-O-O- He and Calypso were resting against a tree this time, admiring the falling leaves, both silent until Calypso turned to look at Leo. " The girl really did look nice without her shirt, didn't she?" And then she laughed at the hot blushing mess Leo became, while Leo tried hard to keep his hair from catching fire. -O-O-O- Leo didn't go back to Camp Half-Blood for a week. -O-O-O- When he finally did go there, he avoided the area where he caught the two completely, and instead, took the long way around. When he finally got there, he was too exhausted to enter the Bunker (Leo had to fix a total of 4 cars that week) and so, decided to camp out for the night. He was tired, but not sleepy, and decided to stare at the stars that shone down on him until he did feel sleepy. Sadly the Fates had other plans for him. "So peeper, enjoyed the view last time?" Leo turned around to see the girl from last week settled comfortably against the wall of the bunker next to him. Leo's eyes widened and he was too tongue tied to respond. The girl gave a tinkling laugh before fixing Leo in her gaze with a vaguely hungry look in her eyes. "It is rather unfair that you got to see me without my shirt, while I didn't get to see you without yours." This time Leo's hair did catch fire, and the girl gave another happy, clear laugh. "You really are adorable." She purred and Leo decided that she was having too much fun, so he got up and ran from there. This time he made a promise to not come back to camp. Ever. Forget about hero-worship, Leo didn't want to be anywhere inside a five mile radius from the girl. -O-O-O- " Okay, I admit it. She is a bit too forward for my tastes." Leo snorted. " You think?" -O-O-O- Reyna was wondering when everything around her decided to go to hell. The group of five demigods she had under her command for this quest were dead. She was the last remaining survivor. And in front of her stood a Hydra, all eight pairs of eyes aimed at her. She took a nervous step back, her right hand cradling the large gash in her arm, her eyes darting wildly around looking for her lost sword. The hydra took a large step forward, towering over her, its nostrils flaring. This time she took several steps, wishing that she had some backup. The hydra reared its head back, a clear sign that it was going to attack. Reyna scampered away, hoping to put some distance between the reptile and her, but to no avail. The hydra screeched harshly and spat out its acid. Which landed on Reyna. The pain was unbearable. The acid burned its way through Reyna's armor and bit into her skin. Her mouth twisted into a yell of pain which was stopped short of one of the Hydra's clawed limbs smashing straight into her. Reyna crashed into a tree, and watched wearily as the monster approached. She was shattered, battered, bruised, burnt and too weak to stop its approach. Her eyesight was dimming, her vision growing darker and blurrier when she saw a fire ball crash into the side of one of the hydra's head. A massive, golden-yellow blur crashed straight into the hydra after that and she blacked out. When she awoke all she could see was a brown blob hovering before her and sparkling, golden dust in the background. She blacked out again. -O-O-O- " Well she's kind of cute." Leo just gaped at her. " Are you kidding me? She is Reyna! Praetor of New Rome! She could kill me without even looking at me! And she has a good reason to. I freaking BOMBED HER CAMP!" Calypso frowned for a moment, thinking, before she spoke again. " But you got to admit it. She is pretty cute." Leo opened his mouth to argue, and promptly shut it again. He tried saying something again, and failed. Again. You couldn't argue with that kind of logic And Reyna was pretty cute. -O-O-O- A copper colored roof greeted her when she opened her pushed herself up from the bed, wincing at the dull ache she felt, and looked around. The entire room had a similar color scheme. If it wasn't coppery yellow, it was bronze-red. The walls were filled with wires and monitors, each playing a video of sorts. One featured Bugs Bunny. Ah. So it was TV. On the far side, before another screen, a short boy with curly hair sat hunched over, staring intently at a screen, blocked from her view by a huge lump of metal and wires that was situated next to the boy. Scowling at the unknown person, Reyna reached for her knife,