I do not own either the Percy Jackson or Heroes of Olympus series. Leo Valdez travelled half way around the world, took on some of the Olympians most dangerous adversaries, travelled all the way back to Camp Half-Blood, defeated Gaea, one of the primordial goddesses that created the entire Earth, died, came back to life, and returned to an island which was said to be impossible to reach by a person who had already visited it once befor. For Calypso. In short he had done a lot (Understatement of the year). So, you could excuse him if he was currently throwing a hissy fit. He and Calypso had flown straight outwards for five days and still weren't able to cross the barriers surrounding the island. Currently they were back on the Ogygia, planning their next course of action. And by planning, they meant that Calypso was staring dejectedly at the setting sun while Leo was pacing left and right, accomplishing nothing, while muttering angrily to the ground. "Leo, calm down. It doesn't matter if I can't leave. I'm just happy you could come back here." Leo glanced at his immortal girlfriend and snorted. If she was happy, she was doing a really crappy job of expressing it. She looked like tears would flow any moment now. He wanted to comment, but he decided against doing anything. He went back to cursing the ground. As if reading Leo's thoughts, Calypso scowled. "If you aren't going to do anything right now, I'm leaving. If you want me, I'll be in the cave." With that, Calypso stormed off, leaving Leo to mull over his thoughts. Leo stared at Calypso's retreating figure. Somehow, even after all he had done, Leo still ended up as the bad guy. He would never ever understand girls. Sighing, Leo plopped himself down onto the sand and stared at the setting sun, just as Calypso was a few moments earlier. His thoughts were flying all over the place. He was angry, even after all he had been through, his wish still wasn't fulfilled. He had saves the fricking WORLD, and yet the gods didn't bother to lower the barriers surrounding Ogygia. Currently, multiple Spanish swear words were used to describe the Olympians in his head. Sadly, his colourful commentary was interrupted when he heard someone clear his or her throat behind him. His head whipped around to see who it was. There Hephaestus stood, smiling sheepishly at his son. "Hello son." Leo pulled out a spanner, a big one, and flung it at the god. On connecting with target's forehead, said target yelped. Leo felt a small twinge of satisfaction course through his body. When the saviour of the planet throws something at you, you are supposed to yelp. "What was that for?" cried an outraged Hephaestus, rubbing his sore noggin. "You could have killed me!" "Dad." Leo deadpanned."You are immortal. You can't die." Hephaestus waved his free hand dismissively. "Details details. I came here to give a bit of advice to you." Leo breathed in deeply, to control the urge to pummel his father. "I saved the entire world. And my reward is a bit of advice?" Hephaestus looked a bit guilty, but continued nonetheless. "I know you want to leave here with Calypso. I cannot lower the barriers around it, but I can give you an idea on how to escape." He paused to watch Leo's reaction. Leo had calmed down a bit, and was now regarding Hephaestus with narrowed eyes. The god continued. "A strong magic keeps the borders up around this island. It may be powerful, but it is magic nonetheless. It cannot think for itself. It has to follow a specific set of rules at all times. Do you know what rules the barriers follow?" "Yeah. No man can find Ogygia twice in his life and Calypso cannot cross the boundaries. " "Very good." The god said approvingly. "Now tell me, how did you get here?" Leo frowned. Where was Hephaestus going with this? "The rules said that no man can find Ogygia twice in his lifetime. So after I died, I had Festus get me here. He isn't exactly a man, and I was already dead. So technically, I never found the island the second time. I came back to life after Festus reached here. So the rules weren't broken and I still reached here." By this point, Hephaestus was sporting a proud smile. "Well done. Now could you shorten that entire explanation for me? What did you do to get here?" "I told you, I was dead whe-" "I do not want the details. I just want to know how you got here. What did you do to get here?" By now, Leo's frown could not get any deeper. But it wasn't due to being upset. He was thinking. Hard. He knew that Hephaestus was trying to make him see something that wasn't there before. No, Hephaestus was trying to make him see something that was there all along, but was hidden before. A small part of his brain was dramatically protesting the interrogation. I am not being interrogated! Unbidden, his thoughts went from interrogation, to police, to criminals, to courtrooms, to lawyers, to legal documents, to- "...loopholes..." he whispered. Leo's eyes were now wide open staring at his father who was sporting a large smile. Leo swallowed before repeating. "Loopholes... I found a loophole, and I used it." Hephaestus was now giving a loud belly chuckle. "Yes. You found a loophole. That is the weakness of all magic. If you can find the loophole in the rules the magic is following, you can render it useless as long as you follow its rules. You did not break the first clause of the rules when Festus tried to get you here, and so the barriers did not affect him. If you use a similar method, it is possible to get Calypso out." "So..." the gears in Leo's mind were spinning furiously. "...if I can get Calypso out of the border without her crossing them, then she can be free?" His was ecstatic for a few moments, but then his face dropped again. "How am I supposed to do that?" Hephaestus shook his head. "I cannot tell you how. That is something you must figure out on your own. Just make sure you don't to anything you may regret later on. I must leave soon, but before I go, I have something for you." Hephaestus pulled out a laptop from one of his own pouches that were wrapped around his fearsome belly, and gave it to Leo. "I took the liberty of making a copy of Daedalus's laptop for you. It could help you with your current project. All I ask is that, you don't show Annabeth that. She is still searching for the person who had borrowed it from her for a few days." Now all thoughts of escaping the island escaped from Leo's head as he stared wordlessly at Hephaestus. "You stole Annabeth's laptop?!" Leo was now waving his left arm about hysterically. His right was wrapped around the laptop as he held the veritable goldmine of information close to his chest. Hephaestus looked insulted. "I did not 'steal' the laptop. I asked Athena for permission first." Leo took a huge sigh of relief. "Then I asked Hermes to steal it." Leo looked shocked once again. Hephaestus gave yet another loud chuckle and smiled fondly at Leo. "You may get your gift for tinkering from me, but you got your mind from your mother. She was brilliant when it came to finding solutions to any problems. I bet that she could even be smarter than one of Athena's children, but don't tell them I said that." Leo grinned at that comment and Hephaestus mirrored that smile. The he started glowing faintly. Leo looked away before his retinas could be burnt. With a soundless flash, Hephaestus disappeared. Leo looked down at the laptop. On its surface was a large triangular symbol. The Greek alphabet delta . Below that was a short note, taped to the laptop. Make your mother proud. –H Leo looked back at the sun, as it slowly descended. His will grew stronger. He would complete this task. For Calypso. Leo took off running towards the cave. . "So what are we supposed to do with that?" The two of them were in Calypso's room, on the bed. The bed was made for a single person, but the two of them, both being small in stature, could easily fit on it. Both occupants were lying on their belly putting their weight on their elbows as they arched their backs to get a good view of the laptop's screen. Leo was busy searching for certain documents, while Calypso looked on, mildly confused. "Have you ever heard of Daedalus?" Leo asked exasperatedly. Calyspo's eyebrows furrowed. "Hermes might have mentioned that name a few centuries back, but I'm not sure. Why, what did he do?" Leo frowned for bit. Searching for one of Daedalus's first creations was taking an awful lot of time. That was supposed to be expected, as the dude literally had centuries of free time. Leo nearly groaned in frustration. Daedalus was supposed to be a genius. Couldn't he had installed a 'search by name' button? "Daedalus was the dude who made this thing called the Labyrinth. It was a sort-of maze, but the distance travelled inside the maze was not in keeping with the distance on earth. Like a person could walk for a few minutes inside the maze could end up travelling more than a thousand miles on the surface." Calypso frowned again. "So what does that have to do with escaping Ogygia?" Leo continued searching for the files on the Labyrinth while explaining. "This may get a bit technical, so bear with me. The fact that one could travel a thousand kilometres by just walking for a few moments inside the maze shows that you don't really pass through the space between the two points, but somehow the maze, using a combination of technology and magic, can bring the two points closer together and you can travel that shortened distance." Calypso continued staring at Leo . Leo rolled his eyes, sat up and pulled out a paper and a pen. Placing the paper on the bed, he drew to black dots on the two opposite corners of the paper. He then proceeded to draw a circle around one of the dots and held up the paper to Calypso. "Imagine that this paper is the world. We are here." He pointed to the circled dot. "This is the barrier around Ogygia." He pointed to the circle. "We want to get here." He now pointed to the other dot. "The labyrinth, if we can navigate it correctly, can bring both these points together," Leo now folded the paper in such a way that one point was over the other. "so we don't have to travel the entire distance between them, but we can directly reach our destination by using the Labyrinth." He now folded a single corner outward, so that the two points that were previously inside the fold were now visible. Part of the circle around the first point was still hidden by the fold. Leo now drew a line from one point to the other, without cutting the original circle. He then opened the paper to show that the original 'border' of their origin was still not cut through. The Latino was now sporting a thousand watt grin. "This way we can get out of here, without crossing the borders of Ogygia. That way, we aren't breaking any rules." Calypso was staring wide-eyed as comprehension slowly dawned upon her. She still didn't understand the details but she understood what it meant. The goddess suddenly lashed out and grabbed Leo in a hug. "We can get out of here."she whispered Tears of happiness were now slowly dripping down