I hate you. But I Love a Part of You? Summary: They both hated each other since the end of middle school. The hate only intensified once they both hit high school. So how was it that the hate changed after one afternoon in the cafeteria? An: First thing is first. I just want to thank all of you who had voted, and who had been reading my stories, I really appreciate the support that you all give me, and seeing a favourite, alert or review in my email, just makes me smile every time I see them. So keep them coming. Now I won't keep you here for too long, but I would just like to say, that this will have quite a bit of lemons in this story. But do not fret, I won't make it like 'Loves Me Not' and have a sex scene at the end of every chapter, unless you think I should and if I can fit it in. Anyway, like I was saying the will be quite a bit of lemons, but there is a story behind it, so have fun and... Enjoy... xXxXxXx It was a normal cloudy day in Forks. Cars were buzzing past on the roads, a light drizzle of rain falling down from the cloudy sky, darkening everything from the water, sliding down walls and windows, or getting wiped off by the windscreen wipers of cars as they drove by. The drivers either coming from work, or heading to work, either in a rush for being late and panicking that it was their last straw, or were going to be on time because they got up when their alarm clock told them to. Several cars were in a slight rush, or were just cruising as they headed for Forks High School. Praying that they would be able to get a parking spot close to the school, not on the other side of the parking lot and have to walk in the rain. Boys not caring, but not really wanting to get their clothes soaked. Girls squeaking as they rushed to the closest shelter, their bags over their heads hoping to not get their hair ruined. It was one of these students, that didn't really care that he was getting soaked, for he was smart and brought a hoddie. His bag was on his back, his hands in his pockets, as he sort of speed walked to the entrance of the school, not really wanting to get completely soaked, since the rain was starting to get a little heavier as the boy walked. Another boy was like that too, was smart enough to bring a hoddie, but he didn't mind getting a little soaked, since it made the white shirt that the students of the school had to wear, transparent letting his muscles show through the shirt. So he had his hoddie open, letting just that happen. He had one strap of his bag over his shoulder, a hand in his pocket as he held the said strap as he walked towards the entrance of the school. He didn't have that far to go, since his friend saved him a spot close to the school. He walked with a swagger causing females and males to look in his direction, as he practically forced them to give him attention. He was the captain of the football team and wrestling team. He had one of the hottest girls, who is on the cheer squad, as his girlfriend. He has slept with most of the people in this school, including a few teachers. Yes even with a girlfriend he has slept with some of the teachers, male and female. What can he say, he's sex on legs. But back to the other student, the smart one that had his hoddie closed, who was walking towards his locker getting his books for the next three lessons before lunch. Yes the students of this school have three lessons before lunch, that's why they started later than usual high schools. Then after lunch they had two more classes then study hall. All students have to participate in that then, it was mandatory. The smart boy was a junior but has two classes in the senior department, as well as a friend of his. He sighed as he entered the school, people cluttered around the hall, small groups in a circle as they helped friends out, either with school work, clothes, hair, nails, girls stuff, while the boys did the same except they chatted about what they did the weekend that just pasted, or how mad was a party, who they banged the other night, chatting about the game, boys stuff. The junior didn't really listen to what they said, just focusing on trying to get to his locker and staying out of peoples way, while keeping warm, groups of white, blue and yellow forming together in the juniors sleepy head. Once he reached his locker he sighed in relief, glad to know that he wasn't pushed or shoved or anything. He unlocked his locker and pulled it open, his locker door decorated in a few things that he thought he'd like to stick up on it. Photos of him and his friends, pictures that he was proud to have drawn, and objects that he was giving to him to remember the giver as. Even though the junior saw them nearly every day, but it was a reminder of what they did that day. He smiled as he started to sort what he needed and what he didn't, what classes he had for the first three lessons, grabbing what note book and text book, and placing them in his bag. Once he was done, he closed his locker spined the dial, and leaned against it, waiting for the bell to go. The junior liked his mornings to himself, so that he didn't get in trouble for what he was doing, and not really wanting to get caught. See, the junior had a particular habit of his. He liked to watch people's butts. Big, firm, jiggle butts, the ones that bounce with every step the owner of the butt took. It always caught the juniors' attention, his eyes going straight for it and staying on it, but he'd look away once it was either out of view or the person turned around. Sometimes he was able to watch the butt for hours if he wore sunglasses, especially worked when they the class was out door, mainly gym. Then he could watch all the butts bounce as long as he wanted, as long as he had his sunglasses. But there was one butt he never wants to see, watch, or do anything with it. The sex on legs walked down the hall, heading for his first lesson, even if he was early, he had two of his friends on either side of him, greeting, waving, flirting and winking at the student body as they walked down the hall. Students practically pressed themselves up against the walls of the halls so that they weren't in their way, or if they were confident, they'd press themselves up against the senior in front. Getting a whisper, then a card getting slipped into their breast pocket, a little feel as the senior pulled his hand away, then wink and continue on. He loved the attention he is given, the student body all turning their heads towards the three, their eyes mainly on the senior in front. As the group of three drew closer to where the junior was, oblivious to the three walking down, as he continued to watch the backsides of people, not paying attention to the three. The senior in front knew where he was coming up to, he could practically hear everyone sucking in their breaths as they came closer the where the oblivious junior was standing. Everyone knew what will happen if the senior and the junior meet face to face. More people looked towards the junior hoping that maybe he would be ready, but he was still too busy watching the people's butts on the other side of the hall to pay attention. He even brushed off someone's hand that was tapping him on the shoulder, not really caring about what they wanted. But as the three pulled closer, they walked straight past the junior. Everyone held their breath as everything went in slow motion. The senior walked straight past the junior sneering at the boy before continuing on. The junior blinked for a second as his view of obscured and looked up seeing the sneer; he glared back, and still glared as the three continued to walk on. At once everything went back to normal speed as everyone released their held breath before continued to chat with their groups. But the junior continued to glare at the three, but his gaze dropped and his glare lost as he stared at the two of the three's butts, seeing them jiggle a little with every step they took. Paul and Jared. The two of the seniors best friends, Paul was on the football team, while Jared was on the wrestling team and the junior always fantasised about their butts, but it's be like to grasp them, mould them in his hands, squeeze them, slap them, then eat them out as he rimmed them. Even though he didn't do any sports he only went to the wrestling competitions to watch Jared in his wrestling uniform. 'I swear I see him sometimes not wearing a jockey' the junior thought as he sat in his seat for his first lesson, his friend Embry coming to sit next to him. But yes he swears he can see the outline of Jared's dick through the wrestling uniform. He wondered what it would be like to have that up his ass. Then there was Paul, he was on the football team, and the only reason he went to that sport was so that he could watch the player's ass bounce within the confines of their pants. He always wondered how it would feel to grasp his ass, since it looked so firm yet hard. He wanted to hear Paul's moaned as he ate his ass out, then the feel of his dick ramming into his ass. He wondered how rough Paul would be, since he looked like the type to have rough sex. The junior was snapped out of his thoughts by the sound of the bell going and the teacher walking in. There were two things he likes about this English, especially this class. One was that he got to spend it with his friend But two, the main reason, was the teacher. James. He doesn't remember the teacher's last name, since he told all students to call him by his first name, so everyone just calls him James. He had dirty blond hair, that used to be in a ponytail but was now cut short, his body was a nice build, even behind the clothes that covered it, a white button up shirt, with blue jeans and brown leather shoes. But the junior didn't care, for all his eyes strayed to was the ass that was practically calling his attention, since the jeans were practically wrapped around the gluttons. He openly stared at the gluttons, watching them as they jiggled slightly as the teacher jogged lightly from one side of the room to the other, getting something from his desk and help a student at the front. And he swore the teacher was teasing him as he bent down and help the student, his ass pointed right at the juniors spot. "Seth..." the junior, Seth, ignored the voice wanting to keep watching the ass, "Seth..." he could feel a hand on his shoulder, giving a light shake, "Seth..." Seth sighed as he pulled his eyes away from the ass. "What" he nearly snapped, knowing that it probably wasn't good to snap at a