"Seth…." A voice cooed. I heard myself groan in annoyance at being woken up. "Seth.." the same voice called, a hand being placed on my shoulder a slight shaking motion now happening on my said limb. "Wake up" Slowly pulling myself away from the comfortable thing in my arms, I turned onto my back to see who it was that had the audacity to wake me up at… "It's quarter to…." A yawn slips from my lips as my eyes close as I subconsciously fell back to my original spot. "Five… Wake me up when the sun is shining…" with that I could feel myself slipping back to sleep, snuggling myself deeper into the heat that my arms are wrapped around. "Seth. Wake up. You promised Embry that you'd take him. Please" turning my head around to face the person who dares persist in waking me up at this ungodly hour, I see my sister's silhouette standing before my bed, the hallway light being the only light to shine in the house. "Please, you promised" Groaning in frustration, I pulled myself from my warm bed, half-heartedly glaring at my sister as she wadded down the hall, allowing me to get dressed in peace before exiting my room, closing the door behind me as I went. Splashing some water on my face and relieving myself I headed downstairs, the hushed talk going on between my sister and Embry being the only sound in the household at this ungodly hour. "Morning Seth thanks for doing this man" Embry said, looking as though he's been up for hours. I nodded back in greeting, covering my hand over my mouth as I yawned once more, the acts of yesterday seeming to finally catch up with me as I reached for a mug on the top shelf. "You okay?" I nodded to my sisters concern, determined to get at least something in me before I fall asleep on the spot, and that wouldn't be good while driving now would it. After having made my first cup of coffee of the day, I sat at the table, sitting between Embry and Leah as they chatted aimlessly. I didn't pay much attention to their chatter as I tried to recall how it was that I promised my sister's boyfriend to drive him to the meet up place that another person would pick him up from. Flash Back " Ahh… babe… Fuck yeah, ride that-" " Seth…" a voice that didn't belong to the person under me called out, stalling all movement as a tentative knock came to my door, the sound of the knob giggling allowed me to breathe a sigh of relief that I had the decency to lock my door before out lust got the best of us. " Y-yes" I stuttered softly before clearing my voice, "Yeah?" I called back, looking at my door as though the person behind would suddenly phase through the wood like some ghost. " Do you think you could do me a favour?" the sound of my sisters voice called from the other side of the door. At the realisation that my sister was on the other side of the door, kind of had me pulling off the person under me, but my movements were halted as a groan slipped from them. "Seth?" I silently cursed as the person slide me back down on them and at the fact that I had taken too much time to answer back. "Y-yeah…" I stuttered as the person rolled their hips, smirking evilly as I pressed an arm against my mouth, muffling the moan that threaten pass my lips as I glared at the person's smirking face. " Really? Oh thank you Seth, thanks you I'll let Embry know, thanks a lot Seth" End Flash Back After that it was a little hazy, but what was able to surface to my mind was a lot of lust, cursing and hitting before getting lost in the sensation that filled my body as we continued our actions the conversation with my sister lost to my mind till this morning. ' Fuck you mister, fuck you' I cursed as I glared in the direction of my room, before getting snapped out of my thoughts as a hand was placed on my shoulder. I turned my head to see who it was that snapped my out of my thoughts to see Embry looking at me with concern. "You ready?" I nodded my head before getting up and placing my cup in the sink, walking pass the two love birds as Embry instructed Leah to get back to bed and keep warm. A shiver ran down my spine as I exited the warmth of the house, my body tensing as a cold wind blew across my body wrapping me in its chilling embrace. Shaking the cold off as best as I could I trudged towards my car, my boot cladded feet dragging along the ground as I stepped up to the driver's side, unlocking the car and getting in, determined on getting the car heated up before Embry got into the passenger's side. It wasn't long before Embry was opening doors and putting his stuff in before getting in himself. "Again thanks for doing this man" Embry said, gratitude on his voice as we pulled out of the driveway, waving at Leah as we pulled out, Leah returning the wave till we finally were out of sight. "Hmm... I wouldn't have done it for anyone else" I stated, pulling onto the main road that would take me to the meeting spot. Embry didn't reply the smile on his face was all the evidence I didn't to know that he was grateful for me to drive him to the meeting place. "So… how long till your cars fixed?" I asked, usually I wouldn't even attempt to make conversation while I was still waking up, but to be honest, I was only asking so that I didn't have to do it again in the near future. "Oh… Uh… About a week or two more" he said, scratching at the back of his neck as a blush spread across his cheeks. "Don't worry though; it'd only be for the one time. I'll ask Paul or Jared to take me next time" he reassured me. But to be honest, I didn't overly mind since Embry has done a lot for not only my sister, but for everyone else in the family. Especially after my father had passed away, Embry was the first to volunteer to help in any way he can around the house to the best of his abilities. So I was more grateful to him that he was to me at this very moment. A comfortable silence seemed to fall upon us as we headed for the meeting place, the sound of the radio being the only noise that broke the silence. But that was soon overrun by the sound of Embry's phone going off, killing the silence as the man fished out his phone before answering it. "Hello… uh huh… okay… uhh…. Are you serious…. Uhh, fine…. I'll see you later" Embry hung up the phone a second later, a frustrated look on his face as he rubbed at his forehead. "What's wrong?" I asked, glancing for the corner of my eye before looking back at the road, the meeting place coming insight. "Uh, my ride just told me that he's going to be late by like fifteen minutes" he said, as we pulled over to the side of the road. Embry started to get ready to get out before coming to a halt as I killed the engine after putting the car in to park and pulling the brake up. "W-what are you doing?" he asked. "Waiting with you" I said simply as I undid my belt and pushed my seat back, snuggling into my jacket and breathing in the scent that soaked it. "Why?" Embry asked, looking confused as I stared at him as though his question was the dumbest one someone could possibly ask. At this moment it kind of was the dumbest question to have asked. "I ain't letting you sit out there in the cold freezing your arse off till your ride is here" I stated, burying myself deeper into my jacket relinquishing in the warmth as I closed my eyes. "Now, sit and wait" I said, yawning one more time before closing my eyes, the feeling of Embry's eyes on me was all the indication I needed to know that he was grateful. But the truth was I was more grateful to him than he was to me. For it wasn't for him, my sister would've fallen deeper into her self-destruction, alienating everyone around her after her break up with her ex-boyfriend, Sam Uley. For it was Embry that had reached out to my sister, showing her the love and devotion that she was worthy of, the kindness that others were willing to give to show her that not everyone boy would break her heart, and Embry was one of those boy that wouldn't break someone's heart. Then when my father had passed away, it was Embry that had stepped up to the plate, make sure that we would always remember my father for who he was, the kind, gentle and firm man that he was. Always joking and being cheeky, even at his age the man always liked to play a joke on someone. But when he wasn't joking, he was the man that was always there to support his children, making sure that Leah and I had an adventurous and fun loving childhood before we grew up and became the young adults Leah and I are now. But even though Embry had taken the role of out passed father, he never really over took the role, making sure to never over step his boundaries as the man that my father used to be, and for that I was grateful that Embry didn't overdo it. If it wasn't for the fact that Embry was already taken by Leah and the fact that he was straight, I would've taken Embry for myself, despite that he was straight I still would've gotten my hands on the boy somehow. But that was in the past, I had who I had now and loved them with every being of my fibre. "Oh, looks like they're here" Embry stated looking at the back window as lights flashed through the rear-view mirror, pulling me from the napping as Embry hopped out of the car, the cold wind blowing in and making itself home in the car. "I'll see you later Seth, go back to sleep when you get home" Embry instructed. I nodded my head, the man didn't need to tell me twice, before saying my own good bye and pulled away off the curb, chucking a U-turn and driving back to La Push the call of my nice once warm bed, calling for me to slip back under the covers. xXxXxXx As I pulled up the driveway, I was quick to kill the engine and brisk walked up the front yard and was now standing before the front door, the key to unlock it in hand and soon I was sighing at the warmth the house provided. Toeing off my shoes I headed up the stairs turning lights off as I went till I was standing before my bedroom door, yawning one more time I opened the door, the jacket falling from my shoulders and my jeans following suit. Slipping under my blanket I was greeted with nothing but coldness as I wrapped the blanket around me, my bare legs, save for my sock cladded feet, rubbed together to get some kind of warmth to start under my blanket. The sound of the toilet flush alerted me to the fact that I was alone in my bed at this very moment. But I had to grin