An: So here we are, the first chapter of this story. I'm just going to warn you now. The first two chapters will probably be odd, or awkward. I don't know, but maybe you can tell me what you thought about this chapter and if you have any advice that I could use. By the way, I know I said 15, but I made a mistake, it was ment to be 16, sorry for the confusion with the summary. Anyway, this story will mostly be that of drama, romance, comedy, hurt/comfort and maybe a little angst and something else in there. Oh and a surprise, like I said in the summary. So I'll let you guys go now and let you read on. Enjoy... xXxXxXx Seth's Pov My life changed for the worst in only a day. My heart was crushed, my life ruined and for what. A single man that I had a crush on for two years, then that crush turned into love four months ago. Nights spent making love to each other, then lying next to each other basking in our afterglow. Nights we spent either indoors or out in the open under a star-y night, night lying next to each other. But all of that was taken away from me in a mere five minutes. I could still see the look of happiness in their eyes as they announced the big news. I can still hear the words said to each other, either during the day or night. I could still hear the moans and grunts coming from the room two doors down, the grunts coming from the man that once shared them with me. And I could still hear the words that we said to each other as we argued, and then the words he said to me before we went our separate ways. xXxXxXx Flash Back three weeks ago. I was resting on the couch, lying on my stomach with my legs up in the air crossed at the ankles. The radio softly playing as background music with a book in front of me. The day was sunny, the birds singing their tunes, the critters scattering around in the forest, the sound of people chatting about on the roads, and the sound of cars driving here and there. For me I had the house to myself, Leah was out with friends, mum was getting groceries and dad was at work, though all should be home soon, since it was getting close to dinner. But I wasn't paying attention; I was too busy reading my book. It was the holidays, and I've already done all the chores that mum wanted me to do, so now I was relaxing. I didn't have patrol at all today, so I knew that I could lose myself in a book for a while. But because I was so engrossed in my book that I didn't hear the front door open. Nor the call that someone was home. Nor the creak of the floorboards that indicated that someone was heading towards the living room. I was in so much peace that I hoped it never ended. " SETH!" I shouted turned around, the book flying from its position. I stared up at my sister cackling herself as she hugged her sides, her chest rising and falling as she laughed. " LEAH! What the hell!" I shouted sitting up and rearranging myself before picking the book up. When I looked over to Leah, to see her still cackling herself, I grabbed the throw pillow that my book rested on and started hitting her with it. " It's. Not. Funny" I said hitting her with every word, and continued to hit her till she finally regained her breathing and pulled the pillow away. I huffed and crossed not happy about her taking my weapon for hitting her with away and scaring me. " Why are you home to early" I asked losing my glare and looking at her curiously. " What I'm not allowed to come home when I want to" she asked as she sat down on the other side of the couch, one leg propped up on the couch as she rests her head on her right hand that was resting against the couch. " No, no you're not since you scared me. Now leave, I'll let mother and father know that you have gone and run off, saying that you couldn't stand living here anymore and just wanted to get away from here" I said dramatically, turning away with a huff "We shall all remember you". " Ha ha, you're so funny Seth" Leah stated sarcastically. "Besides everyone knows that it'll be you that wants to leave. Just don't forget your family" She smiled placing her hand on my leg and giving it a pat. I smiled back and looked down; know that it was the truth. I did want to get out of here, see the world. Even though I would be letting my promise to stay in the pack till my kids took over go, I knew I couldn't live here forever. My thoughts were broken as I saw what was on Leah's ringer finger. And engagement ring sitting on Leah's left ring finger for the world to see. " Leah's what is that" I said, shock evident on my tone as I continued to look at the ring. " Well, what does it look like" she said, glee in her voice as she spoke. " But...w-who gave it to you" I asked watching as she pulled her hand back. At that second the front door was pushed open then shut closed then the sound of the floorboards creaking, indicating that someone was heading towards the living room that Leah and I resided in. At that second, Jacob walked in, Leah got up off the couch and rushed over to him wrapping her arms around his neck. Jacob looked shocked for a second before he wrapped his arms around her. They broke apart after that, but stayed next to each other, their arms wrapped around each other. " Jacob proposed to me" When she finished saying that, my whole world came crashing down. I sat there staring at the two. Jacob was looking away finding interest in something else, while Leah looked between me and the ring on her hand. A smile evident on her lips. I knew I couldn't say 'no, I don't like it, Jacob is mine' and ruin the one time my sister will be happy, and I didn't want to take that happiness away from my sister. So I put a forced smile onto my lips. " That's great" I said, pushing my hurtful emotions away and congratulating the two newlyweds. xXxXxXx I shook my wolf head not wanting to see the sad, happy, hurt look in Jacob's eyes as we shook hands. I didn't know what he was thinking, but if it was along the line of me not wanting to hug him because I knew my really emotions would show, then he would of been right. After that, I tried hard to avoid Jacob as much as I could, making sure I was busy at all times, with either chores some becoming as ridicules as dusting the blinds down, giving the bathroom a thorough clean, hanging the clothes, then folding them once they were dry, helping mum cook. Anything to make sure I didn't spend alone time with Jacob. It hurt, it hurt real bad. But we made an agreement, that once we found a partner that we wanted to marry; we were to cut it off. But I was hurting more and more for I was going to ask Jacob if he wanted to go out. But then that happened. After that, yesterday was the day that Jacob and I finally had alone time. xXxXxXx Flash Back " You don't approve of me and Leah do you" Jacob asked once he found a small clearing in the forest. He had asked me to come with him into the forest after our turn of patrolling. We both stayed quiet, making it the most awkward patrol that we ever had. " I never said I did or didn't" I stated looking off into the forest. Know that if I looked into his eyes I wouldn't have been able to control my emotions. " Then why have you been avoiding me" I knew he noticed. Every time he tried to make time for me and him to spend time, I always came up with an excuse. " We made an agreement and I'm just going with it" I shrugged stating the truth. " But that doesn't mean that you have to avoid me" I snapped at me, I could tell just by his voice slightly rising that he was getting anger. I was beating around the bush, not fully answering his questions and not looking him in the eye as I answered. " its better this way" I said softly, know that he would her it anyway with our wolf abilities. " How is it Seth? You and I are both being affected by this..." he trailed off then, I looked over to him to see realization came to his mind. "You don't approve of this" " I didn't say that" I said looking at him before looking away knowing that if I did I'd lose my calm. " Tell me" he said taking a step towards me. I looked up at him and stepped away, making him take another step towards me. We went like that till he had me backed up against a tree, him standing a few feet in front of me. "Tell me". I looked away not wanting to lose this battle. It was a battle of emotions, and I didn't want mine to show him. Not now not ever. " Tell me Seth" he said resting his hands on my shoulders and shaking me slightly. "Tell me and I'll call it all off" I snapped my head towards him with shock. " Tell me and I'll call it off" he repeated, a fierce look of determination in his eyes as he stared directly into my own eyes, "Then we can be together". I stared up at him, dumbfounded by what he just said. He'd call this marriage off for me. I wanted that, I so wanted that. But I wanted my sister to be happy, and I knew that she would be able to give Jacob the things that I wouldn't be able to. With that thought I made my mind up. " No..." I said, so softly that I wouldn't be surprised that Jacob didn't hear it while I looked away, not wanting him to see what I was about to put myself through. " What" he asked bending down trying to look into my eyes. " I said no" I said louder, this time for him to say. As my answer fell from my lips it was like everything went silent, Jacob's grip on my shoulders sagged a bit, before falling off my shoulders and resting by his sides. Neither of us said anything. I could feel his shocked eyes on me even though I was looking away. I felt as though my body was split in half. One wanting to run into Jacob's arms and say 'yes, yes please call it off so that we can be together for every', while the other half was saying 'think of what they can give each other, something that you will never be able to give Jacob is something that Leah can give him'. All these thoughts running through my head as I looked away from Jacob's eyes. " No..." I snapped at Jacob, looking at him in confusion and slight shock. "No, I don't believe you" he looked at me, that determination back in his eyes. " What?" I asked, looking at him in confusion. " I