Author's Notes: I was a little hesitant to have prologue that was from the point of view of Dorea, because the remainder of the story (save for a couple chapters) will be from the points of view of Sirius, James, Remus, Regulus, and Peter. Thus, if you don't want to read a story entirely from Dorea's perspective, please keep reading; it's just the prologue (and a couple chapters way later on). Secondly, this story has a lot of flashbacks. When those occur, I reverse the italics. For instance: in present time, the font is regular and thoughts are in italics, whereas in a flashback, the font is italicized and thoughts are regular. I also try to make it clear when a flashback is occurring with the flow of the story. The name in parentheses at the top of a section will indicate whose point of view that section is written from. Thirdly, I know that it has been revealed on Pottermore that Dorea isn't James' mother, but I'm still holding onto the fact that Dorea and Charlus were his parents. I try to stay as close to canon as I can, but with new writing coming out on Pottermore so frequently, it's challenging to do so. The story is pretty true to canon as far as the original books go. Also, just as a warning, I am rating this story an M for later chapters. Most chapters are not M, but there are/will be some swearing and violence in later chapters. I will put specific warnings at the top of those chapters. (Dorea Potter) Dorea Potter had been born Dorea Black. When she thought back on her childhood and early years, she often wondered what higher power had intervened to spare her from the misguided thoughts of her relatives. As she could still vividly, yet grudgingly, recall, she had not always viewed the world as she did now. She had been born the fourth child of two very prominent wealthy members of elite wizarding society. As such, Dorea had been informed of her pristine pure blood from birth; she was better than almost all others, and she was a member of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black. From a very young age, Dorea had taken immense pride in her surname and all of the privileges that she had been told went with it. She had looked at muggles with a learned demeanor of disdain and, because she was naturally compassionate, pity. Looking back now, she could almost chide herself for how foolishly naïve she had been back then – to think that muggles were so weak and stupid that they deserved pity rather than respect. Dorea often liked to forget that she had ever thought of muggles, who she now considered equals to magic folk, as inferiors. Like all members of the Black family, she had been brought up to know exactly how to conduct herself in high society. Her parents were constantly taking her to social events where she would meet and mingle with the most elite members of the wizarding community. By the time she was old enough to attend school however, much of the glamorous world she thought she knew had changed. Dorea's earliest childhood memories were not at all happy despite their lavishness; yet, her parents had changed their ways significantly after her elder sister, Cassiopeia, fell tragically ill when Dorea was eight. For almost as long as she could remember, her sister had been ill – mostly bedridden, and though Dorea did not realize until she was older, the untimely illness of her sister had spared Dorea from her parents' severity. She, now the only public daughter and the youngest child, was granted a leniency that her cousins, and even her brother, Pollux, were not afforded. At eight years old, Dorea witnessed how life could change in the blink of an eye. Her once healthy sister was so ill and frail that she could not return to Hogwarts for her third year of school. Instead, Cassiopeia stayed home, shut up in her bedroom, and Dorea was not permitted to visit her. That same year, her brother Marius did not receive a Hogwarts acceptance letter, thus confirming her family's suspicions that he was indeed a squib. This was of the highest disgrace for her family – or so she had been told at the time. Marius – the thought of him now still brought tears to her eyes – had been ostracized fully after that. He was sent promptly away to a muggle boarding school in Switzerland, and he was never allowed to return home again. If he had ever written to her, Dorea still did not know. She had never received any letters, though she knew that her parents would not have allowed her to correspond with a squib, and would have taken it upon themselves to prevent such a relationship. After her mother and father had been so quick to lock Cassiopeia away from society and to cast Marius out of their family entirely, Dorea had become even more terrified than ever to make even the slightest mistake in her parents' eyes. By the time she was old enough to attend school, she had perfected her ability to portray a beautiful, flawless, emotionless, marble statue. She was admired by her family and her peers for her beauty, intelligence, wit, and grace. She made friends within her house: Slytherin. Yet, she was not happy. Dorea's early years of Hogwarts, like her years at home, were encompassed by a tremendous fear of being less than her surname and her family required of her. By her fifth year, her parents were already beginning to pick out a suitor for her. But, that was the year that everything changed once again, and she had left the world she thought she knew far behind. Dorea sat neatly by the lake in the white Louis 14th chair that she'd conjured. She was reading her fifth-year Transfiguration textbook. She wished that the tree beside her was providing more shade; the last thing she wanted was a sunburn when she met her parents' latest selection for a potential husband. I do hope he's kind. She thought to herself. Suddenly, Dorea was aware of a rising commotion heading her way. Students were yelling, laughing, and shouting. "Look out!" a boy's voice yelled, and Dorea stood and turned to look behind her towards the grounds, when something large and solid crashed into her. She was shocked by the impact, she was falling backward, and all at once she was underwater in the lake on her back. Paralyzed by shock, she hardly noticed the heavy thing getting off of her. Dorea sat up in the water, coughing, thoroughly embarrassed and confused. She looked around to see what had hit her and then she saw him. He was sitting there beside her, handsome as the devil with a look of utter shock on his face. He had a mop of messy black hair that was dripping wet. His t-shirt, equally soaked, clung to him. When she saw him, although her first thought was to scold this boy for what he'd done to her – didn't he know how to behave in a lady's presence – she must not have looked angry enough, because that handsome reckless boy dared to smile at her. You should be apologizing to me profusely, not smiling! She thought furiously. "You've got a bit of leaf" he said, reaching towards her face. They were only a foot or so apart, and so Dorea lurched backward to avoid him. "I beg your pardon" she exclaimed, some of her confidence returning to her now that the initial shock of being plowed into by this boy and falling into the lake was passing. She sounded every bit the pampered sophisticated young elite that she was. He retracted his hand and gave a small laugh. "I'm sorry" he said, still chuckling. "But, you've got a bit of leaf in your hair and the way you're glaring at me… it's as if you're Medusa reincarnate." Dorea gawked at him. She had never been spoken to so rudely in all her life. She stood up, and he quickly followed suit. He extended a hand to her to help her out of the water, but she ignored it. As she walked, she pulled at her wet hair and yanked a very large, slimy green leaf out of her hair. She gave a little screech and threw it into the lake. "How dare you!" She rounded on the boy as soon as they'd reached the grassy shore. There were people standing with them on the bank but she didn't care. How dare he humiliate her like this? How dare he laugh at her instead of apologize, and then compare her to Medusa?! "I'm really sorry" he said earnestly, putting up his hands in defense. Isn't he on one of the other houses' Quidditch team? Dorea wasn't sure; she had never paid much mind to Quidditch. Merlin, he is handsome . No; it doesn't matter if he's handsome, he's rude and clearly uncivilized. "For what? Plowing into me? Knocking me into the lake? Or comparing me to a mythical monster with a face that could turn men to stone?" She was glaring at him, and to her utter surprise and frustration, that boy apparently had the audacity to laugh at her anger. He was laughing – albeit he appeared to be struggling hard not to – but he was actually laughing behind his hand all the same. Covering his mouth, and shaking his head apologetically, he managed "I'm sorry for all of those things, and one more." "Oh, and what is that, may I ask?" Dorea snapped back, eyeing him with disdain. He wasn't laughing anymore as he took a few steps closer to her. He leaned down to whisper in her ear so that the onlookers wouldn't hear. She had half a second to wonder why before he whispered "I'm sorry that I don't know your name, because, leaf and all, you are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen." Dorea almost smiled. No. Flattery doesn't work on me after you've just behaved in such a way and hardly even given a real apology. And now he thinks he's going to get a date out of it? Must be a Gryffindor. "Yes, well…" she said, stepping backward away from him and picking up her transfiguration textbook off the grass. "I'm not interested." Before he could reply, she turned on her heel and began marching back up towards the castle. Wait until I tell the girls about this! Not a minute later, that boy was jogging up beside her. "I really am very sorry" he told her. She glanced over at him, still soaking wet, his long hair messier than ever. How could anyone stand to be so handsome? She did not slow down in her retreat to the castle. "Perhaps those should have been your first words after you rammed me into the lake." "You're right. They should have been. I'm sorry for that as well." She stole another glance at him; he was looking at her hopefully behind round hazel eyes. "Fine." She said, "You're forgiven; now you may leave me in peace." "Can I at least know your name?" he asked her. Dorea sighed. "Dorea Black, if you must know." She kept walking. "Dorea" he said. "What a lovely name." "Thank you" she said, already annoyed by this boy, yet unable to refrain from using her instilled manners to thank him for the compliment. "Good day." She added, dismissively. "Wouldn't you like to know my name?" "Not really. I'd prefer to carry on as if this incident and meeting you never occurred." "But how will you address all of your letters of anger for the humiliation I've caused you?" He was teasing her, and she knew it. She tried to hide her smirk from him.