The song 'Here Comes Trouble' by Honor Society made me think of this idea and from there I developed it. Hope you guys like it :) Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson. All rights to Rick. Here comes trouble again, I better act carefully She knows what she's doing to me and she makes it look so easy Here comes trouble again, my heart tells me to leave But a girl like that's on a different level Here comes trouble - Honor Society Here Comes Trouble The first time Percy sees her, he feels like he's been shot. He is just about to go into school when he stops dead in his tracks. And he isn't the only one. No, him along with about every other testosterone driven male was ogling her. She stalks across the parking lot like she's on a mission. Her dark black stilettos clunking on the pavement and her pink blouse ruffling slightly in the wind. Her black belt holds her short grey skirt in place and God , it shows her legs off perfectly. They are so long and graceful that Percy couldn't stop staring at them. Her hair is naturally curled to perfection and cascades down her back in a way that reminds him of a waterfall. His hands twitch at the thought of running his fingers through the golden locks. Her piercing grey eyes shine brightly with the slight mascara she put on and they are so excruciatingly beautiful Percy had a hard time breathing. But it's her lips that kill him. Red lipstick covers her incredibly enticing mouth and Percy can't stop himself from imagining what it would feel like to kiss her. Her perfect plump lips that look so soft and inviting and man , you don't even want to know what he would do to have that lipstick all over him. Literally. His daydream starts running a little wild and now he wishes he could just erase it all from his mind because his pants are getting tighter by the second. He curses himself and tries to clear his head but she has consumed it. She is all he can think about. Her hair, her eyes, her lips- Holy shit she's walking towards him. Percy tries to calm himself down and play it cool, but he is so far from cool at the moment that he thinks he might combust. He watches the way her hips sway and he can feel his palms sweating as his grip on the doorknob tightens. Why do hands sweat anyways? What's the point in that? Once she finally reaches him, she crosses her arms over her chest and raises an eyebrow. She opens her mouth to say something, but all Percy can concentrate on is how her lips move. Her mouth forms into a smirk and that's when he realizes she was talking to him. "You're drooling. You might want to wipe your mouth." He has never heard anything more beautiful. As cheesy as it sounds, her voice is like music to his ears. That is, until he finally processes what she just said. Embarrassment washes through him as he lifts his hand to clean his mouth, but she stops him before he can. "Here," she says while taking a tissue from her handbag, "let me." He just stands there gaping like an idiot as she dabs his mouth. From the corner of his eye, he can see the other males surrounding them with their jaws basically on the floor. He is sure to get a hell of a lot of death glares later. "There, all done." He feels like a creep just staring at her, but she's so beautiful she doesn't even seem real. If someone ever tried to paint her, they'd never do her justice. And the fact that this insanely attractive girl was noticing his existence- Him. Percy Jackson. The loser of all losers. The guy who has no friends, sits in the back of class unnoticed, and is a complete mamma's boy. She's acknowledging him and Percy has to remind himself to keep his mouth shut before he says something stupid like 'Marry me'. "I've never seen you around before," she says, her voice as smooth as velvet. "Are you new?" His tongue has forgotten how to form words, so he nods. She smirks. "You got a name Green Eyes?" "Percy," he responds, and yeah his voice cracks. He's such a ladies man. "Percy," she repeats, smiling a little. "I like it. I'm Annabeth." Annabeth. The name is mentally burned in his memory. It fits her perfectly. And Annabeth Jackson doesn't sound half bad either. Actually, it sounds better than anything he's ever imagined. God, he needs to calm down. She's staring at him, and that's when he realizes he should really say something. So he goes for the classic 'It's nice to meet you', but it comes out more like "I like ice too." She giggles and says, "Flustered are we?" He lets out a shaky breath and replies, "W-What? No. I-I wasn't- I just-" Luckily for him, the school bell cuts him off. "Well, I better get to class. Don't want to be late on the first day." She then leans in closer to him and for a second he thinks she's going to kiss him, but that fantasy gets chucked out the window when she goes beside his ear. He can smell the strong scent of lemons and vanilla that she gives off. It's so incredibly intoxicating and yet he can't get enough of it. "See you around Green Eyes," she whispers. The contact of her hot breath on his neck makes him shiver. He can sense the smirk on her face as she pulls away and walks into the building. Percy just stands there, staring at the spot that she had been in moments ago. He takes deep breaths to try to calm his racing heart, but it isn't working. What he isn't expecting are the numerous amounts of sympathetic glances he's receiving. He's been at this school for a grand total of about five minutes and people are giving him pity looks? One guy with shaggy black hair passes by him saying, "Dude, you're so fucked." Percy isn't sure what he means, but he is sure about one thing. Annabeth is trouble. And as much as he doesn't want to, he has to stay away from her. ~oOo~ First period goes by smoothly. It's second period that nearly gives Percy a heart attack. He sits in the back row of his math class, trying his best to avoid any eye contact with the students who are blatantly staring at him. Some of the girls giggle while some of the boys sneer at him. He flinches when one of them throw a spitball at him, making them snicker. Keep calm Jackson... They can smell fear. The class begins and his teacher, Mrs. Dodds, starts explaining the curriculum that they will be doing during the year. Math was never his greatest subject. He despises it really. But he had promised his mother that he will actually try to get a good grade this year and make her proud. He wasn't going to let her down. Not after everything she's been through. The class was already twenty minutes in when she walks through the door. "Ah, Ms. Chase," Mrs. Dodds growls. Have you ever heard of the phrase 'all bark and no bite'? Well, this woman definitely had both. "So nice of you to finally join us." Annabeth just smiles brightly. "Well, I had to grace you with my presence at some point." Mrs. Dodds narrows her beady eyes at her. Percy can tell from their banter that these types of interactions were common. He's impressed with how Annabeth can stand her ground against this woman. She may have not been that tall, but Mrs. Dodds looks like she just came out of a horror film. She just has this vibe about her that makes her seem like a monster. "I see your sense of humor hasn't left you," Mrs. Dodds snaps. "Let's see how funny you are in detention." "Actually," Annabeth says in this sickly sweet tone that makes Percy's heart jump out of his chest, "the only funny thing about this whole conversation is that you think I'm actually going to show up to detention. It's the first day back Mrs. Dodds, can't we all just get along?" Mrs. Dodds seemed to have steam shooting out of her ears. "I warned you last year Ms. Chase that if you skip another detention again, I won't hesitate to call your parents. Now go sit down next to Mr. Jackson over there." Annabeth rolls her eyes and looks around the room until she spots Percy sitting in the corner. Her smile somehow grows when she sees him which only makes him duck his head so that she won't see his blush. As soon as she sits down next to him, Percy knows that this is going to be a long year. For some reason, she smells better than she had this morning, and having her this close to him was making his brain go blank and his stomach do some weird flappy thing. How the hell is he supposed to pass this class with her sitting so close to him?! "Hey Percy," she whispers. God she really needs to stop saying his name because his head keeps spinning a million miles an hour whenever she does. "What are you doing after school?" "Uh... Going home?" She laughs lightly. "Are you asking or telling?" He coughs, trying to keep his voice steady. "Telling." "Well, would you like to go somewhere with me?" The room suddenly feels like the Sahara Desert. He definitely needs some water because his throat feels like sandpaper. "I-" "MR. JACKSON AND MS. CHASE!" bellows Mrs. Dodds. "Would you like to explain to the class what's so important?" Annabeth smirks. "Oh I was just telling my good friend Percy how I'm going to be vandalizing the school during lunch and throwing eggs at your car." The whole class snickers, even Percy can't help the small smile that comes across his face, but Mrs. Dodds doesn't seem to think it was so funny. "Your sarcasm has just earned you another hour of detention Ms. Chase. I will see you after school." Annabeth just rolls her eyes. The rest of the class is uneventful and Annabeth doesn't say another word to him. He's relieved about that since he can finally concentrate on the lesson, but he's also a little disappointed. He wants to know where she was inviting him to. He isn't so sure if he would go, but he is still curious. The bell rings signaling the end of the period and Percy quickly tucks away his things. Just before he leaves, Annabeth drops a folded piece of paper on his desk. He looks at her to see that she's giving him a daring look with her signature smirk. He has to force himself not to stare at her mouth. Stop staring. Stop staring. Stop staring. "Just in case you change your mind about your evening plans, meet me at this address at six." She then gives him a wink that makes him feel like he was just stabbed in the heart and walks off. He should just leave the paper. Or maybe even throw it in the garbage. But he doesn't. Instead, he tucks it safely in his pocket and goes to lunch. ~oOo~ God being the new kid sucks. Especially during lunch. Percy's lucky enough to find a table, but unfortunately it's in the back near the trashcans. There's only one other person sitting there and when Percy asks to sit down, he just shrugs and continues eating his lunch. Percy recognizes the guy from this morning. He's the one that told him he was fucked after he had met Annabeth. His black shaggy