I've had this idea for a while (and when a say for a while I mean I've been writing this on and off for about a year) and it took me forever to write it from all the changes I've added to it along the way. Not to mention, it got way longer than I had originally anticipated. So it pretty much just ended becoming this long rant of fluff. I hope you like it as much as I enjoyed writing it. :) By the way, this fic has to be the cheesiest fucking thing I've written yet. Be ready for cuteness overload because the amount of fluff in this could suffocate you. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson. All rights to the Rickster. Warning: Foul language, mentions of abuse, brief indication of suicidal thoughts, implied rape, and an OBSCENE amount of fluff was used in the creation of this fic. Reader discretion is advised. "Pain demands to be felt." - The Fault in Our Stars It Gets Easier Annabeth was new in school. And, of course-like every other stereotypical time when a student enrolls in a new educational environment-people whispered and stared at her like she's some freaky science experiment. She's never been the new kid before. She liked living in California with its beaches and warm sun. She missed going surfing on the weekends with her friends and she missed the small high school that she went to where she knew everyone. California was nothing like New York. New York is crowded, the people are rude and step on you like you're a piece of gum on their shoe, and there's a surprising amount of wind for a place with so many freaking buildings. She really hated New York. She also hated her new school, Goode High. Especially when her peers blatantly stared and pointed at her. She got it! She's new! Big freaking whoop! Now move on with your lives already! When she entered first period, the noise level in the classroom immediately decreased. Geez, was it going to be like this all day? Her black and grey converse squeaked as she walked to the empty seat in the back of the room. She sat down and glared at the teens that were still gawking at her. The hushed whispers began not long after. "Hi." Annabeth turned to her right to find a girl with black pixie hair and electric blue eyes boring into hers. The girl wore a leather jacket and her shirt had the logo of some band Annabeth was unfamiliar with. She looked kind of punkish, but despite her tough exterior, she gave Annabeth a wide smile. "You're new here right?" she asked. Annabeth wanted to say, Well, no shit Sherlock , but held her tongue. She had a feeling that she did not want to get on this girl's bad side. "Yeah, I am. My name's Annabeth." "Thalia," the girl responded back. More whispers surfaced through the room. Thalia rolled her eyes and directed a menacing glare to the rows of students. "Can I help someone?" she practically yelled. Immediately, everyone turned away from the pair. Annabeth sighed in relief. "Thanks. I didn't know how much longer I would have held out before I snapped." "No problem. I'm actually really glad you came here. You seem cool, and God only knows how tired I am of these idiots." Annabeth laughed. Thalia was definitely interesting and she liked her a lot. If she had to make friends with anyone in Goode High she's glad it's her. Annabeth sensed some movement to her left. She turned her head to see a boy dressed in all black. Black shoes, black jeans, black hoodie. Even some of the hair that was peeking out of his hood was a dark raven black. She's never seen someone wear so much black in her life. He was hunched over in his seat, just blankly staring at his desk. He looked so lifeless it unnerved her. "Thalia," Annabeth whispered to her new friend, careful so that the boy wouldn't hear, "who's he?" Thalia looked over her shoulder to the boy and her eyes softened. "That's Percy Jackson." "Is he okay? He's just staring into space." Thalia sighed. "His mother was killed by his stepfather a few months back. Luckily, the asshole's in jail and Percy was taken in by the English teacher, Mr. Blofis, who was good friends with his mom... But he hasn't been the same since." Annabeth gaped at her in utter shock. Here she was, complaining about moving like it was the end of the world when there were people like Percy who had some serious problems in their lives. She turned to look at Percy again only to find him already gazing at her beneath the hood of his sweater. She gave him a small smile, not out of pity, but out of friendliness. His eyes widened the slightest bit before he quickly turned his head away from her. Annabeth couldn't help but wonder how lonely this boy must be. And God only knew how much of an expert she is on that subject. So Annabeth decided right then and there that somehow, someway, she was going to befriend Percy Jackson. And she sure as hell was going to see him smile. ~oOo~ Annabeth was dreading lunch. She didn't know anyone since Thalia had a different lunch hour than her and honestly, she didn't want to be that kid who just held their lunch tray desperately looking for a place to sit, but then ends up eating in a bathroom stall out of mortification. There was no way in hell she was eating in a dingy bathroom. So while she was in line, she quickly surveyed the room for potential spots. It didn't help that this school was so cliché though. Each table had a clique that Annabeth was able to identify right away and cross off her list. Jocks? Ew, no. Popular girls? She'd rather eat a spider for lunch. Band geeks? She doesn't even play an instrument. Nerds? She supposed they were the most fitting, but she wanted to broaden her horizons a little. Percy Jacks- Wait. What? Annabeth did a double take and sure enough, Percy Jackson was sitting by himself in the corner of the lunchroom. This was her chance. Her opportunity to try to become friends with Percy. So she took a deep breath, walked over, and sat in front of him. He didn't even notice she sat down. He just stared at his sandwich with a crestfallen look on his face, like the meal had offended him in some way. Annabeth cleared her throat. He jumped a bit and looked at her with wide green eyes. Wow. He has nice eyes. "Um, hi," Annabeth greeted somewhat timidly. It was difficult to concentrate with him staring at her so intently. "Do you mind if I sit here?" He looked somewhat shocked by her question, but shook his head. She smiled at him then. "I'm Annabeth. What's your name?" "Percy," he responded, barely above a whisper. "It's nice to meet you, Percy." They ate in comfortable silence for the rest of lunch, but she felt Percy sneak a few glances at her every now and then. One time she caught him in the act, making him immediately downcast his eyes and his cheeks turn a light pink. She thought his shyness was cute and endearing in a way. As soon as lunch was over she smiled at him and asked, "Is it okay if I sit here tomorrow?" He nodded his head vigorously not even a second after the question was out of her mouth. Her smile grew. "See you later, Percy." Although he only said one word to her the entire time (his name of all things), she felt like it was good enough progress for one day. From what she noticed of Percy, she concluded that he was especially shy and not very social. So, if she were to become friends with him, she didn't want to scare him away by coming on too strong. She'll have to ease him into the friendship. Tomorrow, she'll try to get him to talk some more. ~oOo~ The next day, Annabeth's art class received an assignment. She's not really paying attention to the teacher (a strange action on her part), because all she can think about is why the hell didn't she notice that Percy was in this class. In her defence, he was really hard to spot. There are about thirty kids in this class, each with a large easel in front of them, and he was sitting in the back row. The only reason she spotted him was because every student in the class was wearing something bright, while he had on his obscene amount of black clothing. She wondered how many plain black sweaters that kid owned. Annabeth's mind came back to the present once the teacher announced, "This project will be done in pairs. I am excited to see how each of you will paint your partner's portrait. You may have the rest of the class to find someone and get started." Immediately, the whole class got up from their seats and rushed to their respective pairs. Of course, Annabeth was alone (being the new kid kind of made everyone steer clear from her), but as she had anticipated, Percy didn't have a partner either. So she mustered up her courage and sat in the seat next to him. Percy, as per usual, didn't notice her presence until she cleared her throat. He jumped a little, and Annabeth couldn't help but notice that he does that a lot. Get lost in his own mind. "Hey, Percy. Do you want to be partners?" He nodded shyly. Annabeth gave him a friendly smile. "So should I paint you first, or do you want to paint me first?" She decided the night before that when she talks to Percy she was going to say things that would make him respond with more than just one word answers or shakes of his head. "Um, you can paint me first." That was the longest sentence he's ever said to her. She was surprised with the low octave of his voice and with the strange sense of accomplishment that overcame her. "Alright," she agreed, "but do you mind lowering your hood?" "Why?" he asked, suddenly defensive. He held onto the sides of the hood like the fabric was a protective shield of some sort. "Well, I'd like to be able to see your whole head for this. And the hood blocks off a lot of light from your face." "Oh, right," he admitted sheepishly. He let the fabric fall, exposing the disheveled mop of raven black hair sticking up in every direction. His face was paler than Annabeth thought it would be and his eyes looked like shattered pieces of sea glass. She's never seen anyone look so broken. But despite all the sorrow and pain that Percy held, Annabeth saw something else. A unique form of masculine beauty that she had never encountered. His jawline was sharp, like it was intricately carved by a detailed sculptor. His eyes, although cracked, swirled with infinite shades of blue and green that it appeared nearly impossible to tell which colour overpowered which. His figure didn't seem to have much muscle, but he was broad and lean and if Annabeth had to guess, he was definitely a swimmer. The only thing that she hasn't discovered yet was how his smile looked like. She nearly fell out of her seat when one end of his mouth quirked up the slightest bit. A smirk. He was freaking smirking at her. And that's when she relayed all the thoughts she'd been having of him through her mind. Masculine beauty? Intricately carved? What is wrong with you?! Not only that, but she'd been staring at him for longer than socially acceptable. Her