(The title of this story makes me feel clever, even if my sister thinks I'm a loser for it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ) I'm super corny, so I wrote a super corny story. (Like that's a big surprise. You all should know how I write by now). It's much longer than I had originally planned (it was only supposed to be 5000 words, I swear!), but as per usual I got carried away and couldn't help myself. Anyways, I hope you all like it! :) P.S. For those of you patiently waiting for the next chapter of Hold On To You , don't worry. It's coming soon! Disclaimer: I do not own Perseus Jackson. All rights to Rick. Warning: Foul language and an adorable stable boy were used in the making of this fic. Reader discretion is advised. "Even miracles take a little time." - The Fairy Godmother, Cinderella Bibbity Bobbity Boo Times Two Percy nearly fell into Blackjack's shit when Grover burst into the stables unexpectedly. "Goddamnit, Grover!," Percy exclaimed, balancing himself with the shovel he was using. "Was it your intention to send me to an early grave?" He at least had the decency to appear repentant. "My apologies, my old friend. I was just overly enthusiastic about my news is all." Percy sighed, wondering what the so-called exciting news could be. He put the shovel away and picked up the brush to groom Blackjack's shiny obsidian coat. "Well what is so important that caused you to run here to tell me? Did you finally propose to Juniper?" Grover blushed. "Unfortunately, no. I'm still working on that. What I wanted to inform you of was the ball." Percy paused his grooming, glancing over at Grover in doubt. "A ball?" "Yes!" Grover declared animatedly. "The King is holding a ball for the Prince's twenty-first birthday. He is hoping that the Prince will finally choose a bride." The kingdom had not had a celebration of any kind in years, ever since the Queen passed away from ill health. To have such an event occur would bring a new sense of spirit into the kingdom and its subjects. Percy's eagerness slowly began to grow. "Would the castle staff be allowed to attend?" he asked hopefully. The brightness in Grover's eyes dimmed slightly. "No. They are not. The invited include all of the eligible maidens in the realm and their families. As well as the royal families of neighbouring kingdoms." Percy's aspirations were destroyed. "Then why are you acting so jolly about it? It is not as if we will be attending." "Oh, but that is where you are wrong, my friend." Grover smiled brilliantly. "We will be at the ball, just perhaps not in the way we desired." "And how, do you presume, we will be permitted to enter?" "I consulted with the head chef this morning and volunteered us to wait the guests for the night. That way, we will be able to go to the ball and eat to our heart's content." "You do realize that plan requires us to work the entire night?" Grover waved away his concern. "The guests will be too preoccupied with attempting to romance the Prince. No one will even notice us." Percy mulled the idea over. It was definitely better than managing the stables. He deserved a day off from the foul stench of horse droppings. He grinned broadly and patted Grover on the back. "Alright. Let's do it." "You should invest in some nicer clothing though, Percy. You never know if you will encounter your fair-haired dream girl," Grover teased. Percy shoved him away, rolling his eyes at his friend's laughter. Although, he would take his advice to heart. He had yet to come across a female who was even remotely close to the mysterious one that haunted his dreams. She had inhabited Percy's mind for close to a year now, making him wonder when he would ever stumble upon this girl in reality. And despite the long, tiring wait, he continued wishing to find her. ~oOo~ The day of the ball was hectic at most. All of the servants were required to assist in the preparation. Whether it be cooking, cleaning, or decorating, someone had to be busy with something or else the Duke would have a fit. Percy was assigned cooking duties until an hour before the gates opened for the guests to arrive. He followed Grover's example by wearing his party clothes underneath his waiters uniform. He had decided beforehand to keep the trousers, but he would later disperse himself from the stuffy, black jacket and show off his newly bought green waistcoat. It was a plain forest green, but Percy had used nearly all of his extra coins for the piece of clothing, so he hoped he would at least appear presentable. The ball was already in full swing when Percy and Grover decided to change. Once they had returned from the staff lavatory, both boys were shocked to see the abundant amount of people that overflowed the ballroom. The population of the area was mostly female, but nonetheless, Percy had never witnessed so many occupants in a single space. "Do you think you will meet your dream girl tonight?" Grover questioned while stuffing his face with the palace delicacies that they were supposed to be serving. "I'm not sure," Percy admitted. He watched from afar as the Prince was being fawned over by each guest one at a time. By the expression on his face, he seemed disinterested; uncaring of the attention of the hundreds of women that have gathered in hopes to become his future wife. "Besides, even if I did find her, she would probably be too enamored with the Prince to notice me." Just then, the doors to the ballroom opened. The music slowly died as everyone turned to witness who had entered. Percy pushed himself through the crowd, curious since he was sure all of the guests were accounted for. But as soon as she was in his sight, he halted in his movements. She was a beautiful creature. The most gorgeous being he had ever had the pleasure to lay eyes upon. At first, he thought she might have been a goddess. Descending down from the heavens to grace these mere mortals with her presence, but then he thought better of it as the fair skin of her cheeks flushed slightly pink from all the attention. She smiled shyly at the crowd of people gawking at her. Her light azure dress shimmered as she moved through the horde of guests, like the stars had decided to rest themselves upon her clothing for the night, giving her an even more divine beauty. Her shining golden hair was piled up in an array of curls that fell across her slender neck, making it appear as if the sun had entangled itself into her blonde locks. But her eyes. Oh God, her eyes. They captured Percy's very soul. Her silver orbs glittered like the ice crystals that hung on the stable roof during the winter. They sparkled with life and wonder and Percy had to restrain himself from falling at her knees from the overwhelming emotion coursing through his veins. It was her. He was sure of it. The girl from his dreams. ~oOo~ Percy's heart felt as heavy as lead. He continued to watch on with the crowd as the girl he had been wishing for danced with the Prince. The P rince . How was he supposed to compete with the Prince (and future king) of the kingdom? Prince Lucas was devastatingly handsome, wealthy, charming, and he lived a life of luxury behind the sturdy palace walls. Not only that, but he was also rumored to be the best swordsman in the realm. So if the Prince decided to marry her (which did not seem to be a far off assumption considering how close he's holding her) and she accepts (because honestly, who would refuse?), then she would have everything she needed. Wealth, title, comfort, and protection. She could demand whatever her heart desired. But if by the off chance Percy had an opportunity to marry the golden haired beauty... Well, she'd have a completely different life. He was a stable boy who had just earned enough money to purchase a small cottage for himself near the lake. He did not have much besides that and there were a few instances where he went nights without food. The only thing he could really offer her was his unwavering devotion and love. So it was obvious in retrospect that the prince was the better option. And considering the way that she smiled up at him through her lashes, Percy did not even stand a chance in the first place. He still wished he could have made her acquaintance though. Even if it was only for a moment. So you could imagine his surprise when he distractedly bumped into someone, making their drink topple over him, and gazed up to have his entire vision consumed by his dream girl. She started talking to him rapidly, dabbing his waistcoat with a napkin. He could not catch a single word she said to him. All he could hear was the pounding of his heart pulsing through his body. When her entrancing eyes regarded him with concern, all he could make out was an, "Uhhh." She smiled bewitchingly (he might have sighed dreamily at the sight). "Are you alright?" He nodded, dumbstruck. "I'm terribly sorry for my clumsiness," she said gently, her voice as sweet as the pastries his mother used to make. "I-It's fine," he stumbled out. "There was no harm done, so there's no need to worry." "But I ruined your lovely outfit," she protested, her eyes turning remorseful as she continued dabbing his chest. He was going to pass out if she didn't stop doing that. He laid his hand over hers, goosebumps running up his arms. "It's quite alright. Really." Her face brightened suddenly, catching him off guard. "I can clean it for you if you'd like." "Clean it for me?" The idea of this gorgeous royal girl (because let's face it, she is definitely some sort of princess if she can afford a gown like that) cleaning anything, or having to do any hard work made him frown in confusion. "You don't need to do that. I can clean it myself when I return home." "I insist. Besides, if you don't treat the spill now it will stain. And I do not mean to boast, but I have yet to find a mess I cannot handle." She said it with so much confidence that he couldn't help but believe her. So he led her to the staff lavatory and handed her his waistcoat. She immediately took out a few vials from her clutch and got to work. It was definitely a strange sight, seeing a princess clean a commoner's clothing, but Percy wasn't about to object if he got to spend a little more time with her. "If you do not mind me asking," he said after a few minutes. "From where do you hail, Princess?" She stopped her scrubbing and turned to stare at him with wide eyes. "Princess?" "Yes. You are of royal blood are you not?" She bit her lip and dropped her gaze. "No actually. I am not." "Really?" he asked, surprised. She nodded and spread his waistcoat on the counter to dry. "I am just an ordinary girl. There is no royal blood in my family tree." It was strange, he thought, that an ordinary girl could show up to a ball with a dress that extravagant, but he did not question it. He knew his curiosity had already begun to make her feel uncomfortable, which was not his intention in the slightest. He only wanted to know more about her. "Please pardon my questioning then," he said apologetically. "I did not mean any harm by it." "Oh, it's fine,"