So I've been working on this for the past month. I hope you all enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. :) Disclaimer : I do not own Percy Jackson by Rick Riordan, Tim McGraw by Taylor Swift or My Best Friend by Tim McGraw. Warning : May contain foul language and a lot of fluff. Reader discretion is advised. In every girl's life, there's a boy she'll never forget, and a summer where it all began. - Anonymous I Hope You Think of Me July 2014 She doesn't know what compels her to do it. She hasn't thought about that stupid letter in nearly two years, but yet here she is, clutching it in her hands like it's her lifeline. Maybe it is. Maybe that's why she never mailed it to him, because giving him this letter would mean that she's giving him everything. All of her. Her body, her soul... Her heart. She didn't have the guts to do it when she was seventeen. She was young and inexplicably terrified of getting her heart broken. Little did she know that once the summer ended, her heart would shatter anyways. But now it's been three years and she honestly has never regretted anything in her entire life except this. She looks through the box some more and the memories just keep flooding through her mind. His truck. The fair. The lake. The stars. She picks up the photo they took on his birthday. His arms around her. His face splattered with the blue cake that she stuffed onto his face. His smile that's so wide it looks like it hurts. A tear falls down her cheek and she wipes it away angrily. Something in the box catches her eye. She handles the small piece of jewelry like it's the most precious thing in the world... Which it is. The necklace was made of thin leather and has one piece of sea glass hanging from it. He got it from the many trips he'd taken with his mom to the beach. It was smooth and had swirls of blue and green all over its surface. It reminded her of his eyes. And for the first time in the past three years, she was able to put it on without crying. She was so tired of crying. Crying about her parents' divorce. Crying for the past that she could never have again. Crying for the future she wishes she could have. Crying for leaving him. After a whole month of tears (September was still her least favourite month), she promised herself she would never cry again. But, of course, looking through her box brought everything back tenfold. God, pull yourself together. You're not that same girl anymore. She wonders if he's thought about her. If he lays awake at night thinking about their time together. About what could have been. She imagines him driving that old beat up Chevy, listening to the CD they made together. The wind rustling his already messed up hair. The sun beating down on his tanned skin. A slight scruff running across his chiseled face. Something inside of her snaps and before she knows it, she's at the airport booking a ticket for the next flight out of California. Her luggage in one hand, the necklace around her neck... And the letter tucked close to her heart. You said the way my blue eyes shined Put those Georgia stars to shame that night I said, "That's a lie" Just a boy in a Chevy truck That had a tendency of gettin' stuck On backroads at night June 2011 Annabeth has been living with her grandparents for a week and it was honestly not as bad as she had thought it would be. She helped out around the farm, caught up with her reading, and took relaxing walks around town. When her parents sent her off to live with them for the summer she thought it was going to be brutal. What city kid would want to go live in the middle of nowhere for the summer with her grandparents? But surprisingly, she found she liked Georgia much more than California. At least she didn't have to hear her parents argue every second of the day. And honestly, she's not stupid. She knows that they sent her here so that she didn't have to deal with the divorce. But it didn't matter where she went because once she came back, her parents wouldn't be married anymore. She'd have a mom and she'd have a dad. But she wouldn't have mom and dad ever again. It stung worse than she cared to admit. But even though she was rather enjoying her time in Georgia so far, she was ready to rip her ears off in the next three seconds if that stupid car outside didn't shut up. She checks her alarm clock again. 1:27am. She groans and sits up on her bed, puts on her sneakers, and heads outside. She was going to help her grandpa early in the morning and whoever this jerk was was interrupting some much needed beauty sleep. The person in question is currently pushing an old looking truck from behind. It looked like the truck was stuck in a huge puddle of mud, but Annabeth couldn't tell in the darkness. "Hey!" she yells. "Do you have any idea what time it is?!" She could have talked to the stranger more nicely, but it was late and she was grumpy. Sue her. Obviously startled from her outburst, the guy (at least she thinks it's a guy) jumps and loses his balance, falling face first into the mud puddle. Guilt rises in her chest as she runs to help him up. "Oh my God! Are you okay?" She sticks her hand out to him and cringes when his muddy hand slips into hers. "Yeah, I'm fine," he replies. "Well, other than the fact that my truck's stuck and I'm covered in mud. But besides that I'm just peachy." His sarcasm makes her irritation return. "Maybe that stuff wouldn't happen to you if you weren't driving around at ungodly hours and waking people up." He narrows his sea green eyes at her. She's never seen eyes like that before. "You know, instead of a lecture, a little help with moving my truck would be nice. Haven't you ever heard of southern hospitality before?" "Haven't you ever heard of karma?" she counters. He sighs and looks up at the night sky, completely exasperated. She takes the moment to look at him. He's tall with broad shoulders and black shaggy hair. He also seems strong considering how his t-shirt sticks to his biceps. If he weren't a total jerk and didn't have mud covering the whole front of his body, she may even call him good looking. "Look, I'm sorry," he says, startling Annabeth and bringing her back to Earth. "I didn't mean to be so snappy or to wake you up. I've just had a rough night and this freakin' truck isn't making it any easier." She's pleasantly surprised by his apology and takes pity on him. "Alright, I'll help you out." He looks shocked. "Really?" She shrugs. "It's the neighbourly thing to do isn't it?" "Well that's awfully kind of you Miss..." "Chase. Annabeth Chase." "Percy Jackson," he says in return, sticking his hand out for her to shake. It takes him less than a second to remember how much filth is still covering his hand and he quickly takes it back, his face resembling a tomato. "It's nice to meet you, Annabeth." She likes the way he says her name. His drawl is definitely one of his good qualities. It only takes a few minutes for them to get the Chevy out of the mud puddle. With Annabeth pressing on the gas, and Percy pushing from behind, it was easier than she thought it would be. "You're new around here aren't you?" he asks while opening the car door for her. She steps out of the truck. "What makes you say that?" "Well for one thing, I've been living here my whole life and I'm pretty sure I've never seen you before. Trust me, I would have remembered." Annabeth could feel all the warmth in her body go straight to her cheeks. Not to mention her mouth feels completely dry. She was always awful at flirting... At least, she thinks he's flirting with her. "But what really tipped me off," he continues, "was that you're wearing sneakers instead of boots." "The boots at the stores were too expensive!" she exclaims defensively. "It's not my fault this town has such insane prices." He smiles at her and - good God- she's never seen anything so beautiful. "I'll tell you what, since you helped me with my truck, how about you come by my Ma's shop tomorrow and I'll give you one of her old pairs." "That's sweet, but I couldn't just take-" "Sure you can. She won't mind, I promise." He looks at her eagerly, but she couldn't help but feel a little bit hesitant about taking someone else's belongings. "I don't know Percy..." "Look, you don't have to take my word for it. Just please come by the shop to see if they fit. It's better than going around in sneakers all summer." She sighs. "Okay, fine. Where's your Mom's shop?" His answering grin was blinding. "It's the ice cream place after the barber shop. Just keep going straight once you reach the library. You can't miss it." "Alright. I'll be there at noon." "Perfect." He then climbs into the front seat and looks at her through the window of his clunky vehicle. "You know, the town isn't the only thing to see here. We've actually got a lot of natural sites that even the locals don't know about." "Is that so?" He nods and, despite the darkness, she can see his cheeks turn a bright pink. "If you want, I can give you a tour of the area. I know this place like the back of my hand." She smiles, and she swears his cheeks turn pinker. "Sure. I'd love that." He lets out a large breath. "O-Okay, cool. That's great. Um. I should really get going now. It's late." She nearly lets a laugh escape from his stammering. "Yeah, 2am is pretty late," she agrees. He laughs lightly. "Sorry again for waking you, Annabeth. And thanks for the help." "Anytime. It was nice to meet you, Percy." "You too. I'll see you tomorrow." "See you tomorrow." She waves as he drives up the dirt road towards town. Annabeth decides then and there that her trip suddenly got a lot more interesting. And I was right there beside him All summer long And then the time we woke up to find that Summer gone July 2014 It's her grandmother that opens the door. "Annabeth!" she exclaims, enveloping her granddaughter in a large hug. "What a pleasant surprise!" "Hi, Nana," Annabeth gasps. She may have been in her seventies, but boy did that woman have a grip. "Sorry I didn't call beforehand." Nana pulls back, letting Annabeth finally breathe. "Are you kidding? I've been wanting you to visit for so long! Oh wait till your grandfather sees you. Maybe he'll finally unglue his butt off that couch." Annabeth laughs as they walk into the kitchen together. Nana began making fresh tea as Annabeth asks, "How's the farm doing?" "It's been good. Old age doesn't help, but we've been getting by just fine. Percy's been a great help." She freezes at the sound of his name. She clears her throat and tries as nonchalantly as she can to bring him up again. "Oh, so Percy's been helping you?" "As much as he can," Nana confirms. "But he told me he was thinking of going to college in the fall." "Really?" Annabeth questions, a little surprised. "So, he's been doing well." Nana gives her