A/N: So, here it is. I just got really, unhealthily obsessed with Peeto as I was writing the Cato/Katniss fanfic, and I had to get these feels out. I'm planning on doing Cato/Peeta POVs, but if you guys get annoyed with flipflopping POVs like that, then tell me and I'll stick to one POV. Also, I didn't forget about my other fan fic! The new chapter should be up tomorrow, after school. - inseaofsound Peeta It's only been three days since we've left 12 with broken hearts. At least, I was broken. I felt like I was. Katniss had more reason to be so, as her family actually loved her. Mine? I'm not sure if they cared. Maybe they would realize that I was more than just another child. Just another position in the bakery opened when I reach my inevitable death. What a weak thing to think. Pessimistic, and not at all like the Peeta that waved to the crowds in the train station and charmed his way into Effie's heart. I feel like giving up on this act - it's too tiring to keep up anymore. But watching Katniss, I knew I had to be strong to survive. To be honest, I was jealous. Attention was all she got, while I was just the other tribute. Sure, we remain close after my attempt to befriend her. But watching her warily now, I feel that she could kill me without a second glance - as long as she went home in one piece. I shudder at the thought, and the brunette looks at me curiously, her eyebrows raised. I wave a hand dismissively and pace around the hall in our costumes - I felt ridiculous, but apparently, we made an impression. Not that Katniss cared. I did. Sponsors kept tributes alive. If she thought she could survive by herself in the Games, she would be wrong. She would need all the help she could get...starting with me. "Peeta, what are you thinking about?" Katniss finally says to clear the tension in the air. She gives me a feeble smile, which I try to return before I stand again, sighing. I frown and try to backtrack - what am I really concerned over? My thoughts like to race a mile a minute, and it's left my mind a jumbled mess. I open my mouth to speak to her, when familiar figures swagger in through the entrance. They're dark, like shadows, until the light hits them and Katniss scowls. Careers. They're laughing maliciously, making fun of the other tributes - already threatening their lives. I hear the names and the insults and my fists clench. Katniss looks close to stabbing someone too - and then, one of their voices carries down towards us. "Well, look here." The blond girl steps forward, out of the group and nods towards us. "We have the try-hards in our presence. Corny outfits you've got there." "Don't you dare put down Cinna's work." Katniss jumps to her feet, fists clenched by her sides. I remain stoic, only staring at the girl, her laugh halfway between a giggle and a snicker - what was her name? Glitter? Ah, Glimmer. Ridiculous, of course. What else could you expect from District 1? "Cinna, your stylist?" I recognize this one now - Marvel. I ran into him the first day we were here, and he had brushed past me with that seemingly permanent smirk of his. He seems to be fixated on Glimmer, and noting the hatred in Katniss's tone, immediately jumps to Glimmer's defense. "What a joke." "Like your boyfriend over there." A smaller - but still intimidating - brunette jabs a finger at me. "I bet he wouldn't be able to make it for five minutes in the arena." She smirks at me, but her look softens as she notices my guarded expression. "Clove, be realistic." A blond boy - but not a boy; he has the looks of a man - says gruffly. All eyes turn to look at him, clad in armor from his costume. I find my eyes grazing over him - almost appreciatively. And then I process his words and furrow my brow; was he defending me? Our eyes meet involuntarily, and I feel heat rise in my cheeks as I think there's a flicker of a smile on his face. But then a sneer comes across his face, and his next words are poisonous venom. "He wouldn't last five seconds." "Because you're such a god and know everything about everyone." I shoot back sarcastically, to the surprise of the Careers. They thought I was silent and ready to take whatever insults or threats they had for me. The new faces suddenly come with names - Cato and Clove, of District 2. Shit. I would be lying if I said Cato was good-looking. He carried the arrogance and pride, and the way his arms were folded over his chest now made his biceps swell - perfect for snapping a neck in two. I feared for my safety a bit, especially when Katniss herself took a small step backwards. But he couldn't get his hands on me before the Games. I smile triumphantly, but the grin only fades as he pushes past Marvel and Clove and glares at me intensely. There is no emotion in his eyes but blood and power desire. It's horrifying, watching his eyes move over my body, as if surveying the damage he could inflict upon me. The other Careers shifted uncomfortably around him, restless and lost without him barking orders. "Did you just talk back to me, 12?" I've heard that he's cold, and his tone is pure ice. But his eyes flare with something different - much more intense than I had expected. I thought it was lust, until I realized that his face was contorted in anger. His eyes were burning a hole through me right now, and he lifted his chin victoriously as I hesitated in my response. "My name is Peeta." I finally say. Something crosses his face again and there's a momentary lapse in his speech. I'm curious now, but then his rage takes over. "Does it look like I care?" "You should. The more people that can tolerate you, the better." "Who says I want to be liked by scum like you?" Cato snapped, yanking his arm from Clove's hand. She jerks back, as if burned and looks dejected. Interesting. I'm about to dwell on this when I hear loud footfalls, and my chin is crushed and yanked around. "Don't touch him!" Katniss shouts. But she flinches as Cato lunges mockingly at her. A laugh bursts from his lips, and he tightens his grip on my jaw. I grab his wrist and try to pull him away, but he only gives me a look and I'm left hopelessly holding his forearm, trying to tug away from him. "I can do whatever I want." Cato snarls, smirking at me as he pulls my face in closer. "The little boy here doesn't have a clue about what he's doing anyways." "Get off of me." My words are muffled as he squeezes my chin harder, and then pushes my head back to release me. I stumble and catch myself, Katniss rushing to my side. I glare up at Cato, and the older boy looks momentarily shocked. Why? He becomes passive again and shoves his hands in his pockets, balancing a sneer upon his porcelain skin. I frown, thinking that a guy from District 2 should be covered in battle scars from training – no matter how good he is. There doesn't seem to be a scratch on him. He catches me looking and tilts his head. I try to drop my gaze, but when his eyes catch mine, I freeze. A slight glint in his eye, he gives me a cocky, lopsided grin. And I blush. Was it genuine? Was he just kidding before? Of course, I was getting ahead of myself. Why should I even worry? What was so special about him? "You're a piece of shit, 12. I hope I'll have the pleasure of driving a spear through your heart." His cruel tone gives me chills, and I feel Katniss shudder next to me. I almost laugh at the irony of it all, if it weren't for the look Cato was giving me right now – like I was something to eat. He smirks again and raises his eyebrows, starting his vicious glare before he pushed his way through the group and headed out the exit. With that threat, the group turns away, laughing as if they were the popular crowd - for no reason just to flaunt. "What a dick." I grumble quietly, silently cursing Katniss for not defending me any further. She nods, but doesn't say anything else, her brow furrowed as she tries to think of something to say to comfort me. I huff quietly, rolling my eyes at her. Before she can do anything else that may frustrate my cranky mood, I turn on my heel and leave. Cato Peeta and Katniss. Such a load of bullshit. Everyone knows I'll be the one winning. I might intimidate people into think that, but they know it deep down. They'll be killed because of me. The other Careers may think that they have a chance, but that's only if they get rid of me. And hell, like that's going to happen. They don't have a chance against ruthless Cato - especially the two tributes from 12, marching around as if they've already won the goddamn thing. All they had was a good entrance. It didn't mean anything. Such idiots. "Cato," I hear a high-pitched whine on my side, and I grimace as Glimmer drapes herself over my arm. I earn a glare from Marvel, in which I shove Glinmer off, and into him. "I'd rather not feel your fake tits against my arm, thanks." I snarl, already in an extremely aggravated mood. "Put on a fucking shirt." The dumb bimbo decided jumping around in her bra because it was "too hot" was the best way to stay warm. Like said before - idiot whore. Her eyes glanced up at me, rounding as she realized that I was being serious. Forcing her to put a shirt on? How preposterous. "But, Cato -" "Maybe next time, Glimmer. When he's not contemplating stabbing you." Clove sniggered at her, twirling a piece of hair around her finger. "Who knows? Maybe I'll be the one to the second the countdown ends." "I'd like to see you try, bitch." Glimmer hisses. "Want a demonstration?" "Bring it!" "Clove - shut up." Marvel interrupts, trying to step in between the two girls. Clove bats him away and growls, making me smirk before I frowned as the hissing began to grown louder. "Things would be a lot different if you didn't want to get into her pants, Marvel." Clove spat, her death glare darting between the two of them. "I hope her black hole swallows the both of you." "At least guys like me!" "Shut the fuck up!" I shout, scaring them into silence again. "I swear to god, I will kill all of you if you don't shut up." "Maybe I can make you feel better?" Glimmer smiles seductively as we climb into the elevator, and her hand works its way up my arm. Again, I brush her off, but give her an once-over for my own entertainment. "Sure. Know what will really make me feel great?" I smile slowly back at her, and her grin widens. "Shove a knife up your ass." The elevator doors open for me and Clove, who's laughing uproariously. I smirk at her and roll my eyes, though I'm grinning by the time the doors close on a gaping Glimmer and snickering Marvel. Even as much as he wants to screw her, you can't help but laugh when I'm taunting someone as dumb as Glimmer. We