My eyes flutter open Katniss's name leaving my lips almost instantly. I could remember Katniss calling my name, watching Brutus kill Chaff, and having to kill Brutus myself. I knew things were going wrong as soon as the wire Johanna and Katniss were carrying to the beach was cut. I tried to run to Katniss, get to her before anyone could hurt her because that was my dying wish that was my goal, to keep her safe. I had heard struggling and grunting in a clearing and ran into it expecting Katniss and Johanna to be fighting. Instead, I found Brutus and Chaff fighting each other. I had yelled for them to stop, but I was too late. I made it just in time to watch Brutus pierce Chaff through the heart with his sword. I was Brutus's next target, and if I knew for certain Katniss was okay I wouldn't have done what I did, I would've let him kill me, but I needed to protect Katniss so I drove my knife into his heart. The guilt swelled up in me, but I didn't have a choice. Just as he fell to the ground dead, and the cannon sounded, I could hear Katniss calling my name weakly. She sounded lost and confused so I ran towards her voice, the voice that I knew so well, the voice that belonged to the love of my life. Only I didn't reach her in time. I was just making my way back to the lightening tree when the force field around the arena exploded into a shower of sparks and fire. I put my arms in front of my face to shield it from the shower of sparks. Katniss's voice ceased and I was suddenly terrified that whatever had happened just killed her. I yelled her name over and over, and could just barely make out her calling my name in return. I was so close to reaching her when the hovercraft clamped down on me and lifted me out of the arena. I struggled, trying to get free of the claw, but it was no use. Everything after that though, was just a blur. Now, I needed to figure out where I am and if Katniss is safe. For the first time since I opened my eyes I notice the medal restraints around my wrists and ankles. Fear is the first thing that runs through me, but not fear for myself, fear for Katniss. "Katniss!" I yell, my voice echoing throughout the room. This wasn't how it was supposed to happen. I was supposed to die, and Katniss was supposed to live. A feeling of failure runs through me, and I pray I hadn't failed to keep her alive. "She's been taken to thirteen." I turn towards the hoarse voice, to find a beaten up Johanna next to me. Dried blood was smeared across her face, her hands stained with blood. The dry blood makes me wonder how long we've been here, wherever here was. Enobaria and the mad girl from four - Annie sit next to her, all in the same positions as me. All four of us trapped in medal chairs in a large white room. "What do you mean?" I ask slightly afraid of the answer. "The rebels have her. She's safe." She gives a cough and I relax slightly knowing Katniss is alive, and safe, though I was still confused as to what had happened and where we are. The word rebels also confuses me, I had known there were uprisings. That was the very thing Katniss and I were trying to extinguish on the Victory Tour. Though, we had failed. The question that runs through my mind is, how did the rebels get her out of the arena? "Peeta, we're in the Capitol." I become fearful, but not as much as I should be. Katniss was safe. I wasn't, but in the end wasn't that how I wanted it to be? Just then a peacekeeper walks in dressed in white from head to toe, his large boots echo throughout the room. A helmet that all the peacekeepers wear is placed on his head, and torture devices in his hand. The sort of devices that make you sick, like whips, and electrical shocks, and advanced weapons clearly made in the Capitol with high tech technology. Weapons I couldn't even put a name to. That moment is when I realized this wouldn't be a quick end. His feet echo in the large white room, which I take notice of for the first time. I notice the drains on the floor and I feel instantly sick. What else would they need drains for in this room other than the previous people who have been taken captive? Drains clearly designed for the victim's blood to wash down into after being beaten, or killed. Chains and restraints hang from the top of the walls, with the unmistakable blood stains behind them causing my head to spin even more. He walks lazily, and calmly to the side of the room almost as if he's waiting for someone. Almost on cue President Snow walks in, his lips puffier than normal, his face an expressionless mask. He walks over to me first; as he gets closer the scent of blood and roses hits me hard causing me to feel sick. My stomach turns and I idly wonder where the scent of blood came from? Does he drink it? The image of Snow drinking blood causes my stomach to flip with unease, and nausea. "Peeta, this can be easy, or it can be hard." I stay silent watching him carefully. "This depends on Katniss though, not you." At the mention of Katniss I feel my stomach drop. Oh no. "Leave, Katniss out of this." I snap, the distaste and bitterness I felt dripping heavily into my tone. "Or what?" This question takes me back. What could I do? Nothing. That's what I could do. "I want you to call for a cease fire, on live TV. If she doesn't listen, well you will become the best weapon possible to use against her." We're both still just pieces in his game. We may have left the arena, but the games aren't over. This is a whole new type of games. "Start getting information out of that one." Snow says turning to the peacekeeper pointing directly at Johanna, with no attempts at being discreet. He couldn't care less if Annie, Enobaria, and I knew what was about to happen to Johanna. I look to Annie, her eyes wide with fear as her eyes meet mine. For a second I wonder what she's doing here, and then I'm back in the arena. Finnick and Katniss huddled against the glass separating us, holding their ears trying to block of the screams, and cries of the Jabberjays. Katniss was hearing Prim's screams, and I remember Finnick saying he heard Annie's screams. So, that's why Annie's here, as a weapon against Finnick. The peacekeeper walks towards Johanna a grin on his face. The kind of menacing grin that sends chills down your back, the kind of grin that only someone who enjoys inflicting pain on others would have. "So, sweetheart. What do you know about the rebellion?" His voice is taunting and almost playful like it was all a big joke, which makes the whole thing more twisted then it already is. She gives him a glare pressing her lips into a hardline. "Not going to speak?" He asks with a chuckle. I watch terrified for her as he pulls out a small knife. Just like the one Clove was going to use on Katniss in the first games. How long ago that game felt was surprising. Could that have only been a year ago? He presses the tip of the knife at the edge of her lip drawing blood almost instantly, the silver blade slowly becoming red with blood. She whimpers which causes him to grin, and laugh without humor. Very lightly he traces the edge of her lips with the knife until she's almost crying from the pain. "Ready to talk yet?" His hand runs across her cheek almost like he was caressing her cheek, which I can tell by the hate in her expression, was a very cruel gesture. Her words from the arena run through my mind "I'm not like the rest of you. There's no one left I love." If those words were true, no one had touched her like that in a while, and I'd bet the last person she wanted touching her in that way was this peacekeeper. She's shaking slightly the blood from her lips trailing down her face staining her clothes red. Snow turns away from the peacekeeper and Johanna turning his attention to me. He unlocks my restraints grabbing my arm harshly. I glance back at Johanna once more and regret it. The peacekeeper has her arm in his hands snapping her wrist like a twig. A cry of pain from her sends chills up my spine causing me to shiver and I'm thankful to be drug out of the room, leaving the screams and pain behind. Portia my stylist from the games gets me ready for the interview. Neither of us have much to say; we're both stuck in the same position, both here in the Capitol with little hope of living. What were we supposed to say to one another? That we're sorry for each other's lot? That we're glad we knew each other? Once she's done a peacekeeper comes to collect me, escorting me down the hall. I compose my face erasing all traces of fear from my face as best as I could. Katniss couldn't see that I was afraid. We walk onto the set Katniss and I had done our interview on after our first games. The small stage with two seats, one for Cesar and one for me, the seat for me replaces the love seat that had once been on this stage for Katniss and I. The same stage she ran into my arms and kissed me on. The memories hit me hard running it's coarse through my body, leaving a dull ache where my heart is. Cesar walks on to the set followed by me. I had always been good with words, but right now good wasn't enough. I needed to be excellent. The cameras start rolling and I compose myself quickly. Cesar starts out simple, with easy questions and it's like our normal banter. Then, Cesar's expression becomes serious and the mood in the room shifts. "Peeta, would you tell us what happened that last night in the arena?" I take a deep breath and nod once before beginning. "First, you need to understand what it's like in the arena. There are twenty four of us and so quickly there were eight of us. Just like that, friend turned on friend killing them without blinking an eye. These were people who had known each other for years. Killing someone though, costs all that you are. Once you've killed them they never leave you. But, what else can you do? It's either kill or be killed, but once their life has been taken away at your hands, they truly never leave you. The guilt lives with you forever. It costs all that you are, to murder innocent people." I pause letting my words sink in. I could feel all of Panem leaning in; even just in this room I could tell how intently these people were listening. They were hanging onto every word I spoke. "When you have allies it's almost worse. You come to trust them, to care for them, to owe them for saving you over and over. How are you supposed to just turn around and kill them? Then you have the arena, set up like a clock, with every hour promising a new horror. Tick tock. You had the