Hello, I hope all of you are having a wonderful day. Thank you to those who are kind enough to read both my last story and this current one, if you are knew to me, I hope you enjoy my story and good to meet you. It's October first yet Colorado decides to defy all logic and remain summer. The good news is that October is not only my birth month but also the month that Rick Riordan has decided to release the last book in the Heroes of Olympus series. The strange coincidence is that October 7 th is the day for both events mentioned previously. Any way I'm sure all of you are looking forward to it as much as I am and are curious which demigod is fated to die in the battle at hand. I would like to ask if anyone else has heard the rumors about The Knights of Olympus. It's supposedly the next series Riordan has decided to reveal but I thought he was going to do something involving Norse mythology. Let me know if I am just crazy or not, thank you and happy reading. Thanks to… Everyone and anyone who is reading or ever will read this. All my friends who are reading this from my school- You are so awesome thank you so much for this. Disclaimer- I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Chapter 1, The World as it is Today, Earth, The United States, New York, names long since recorded into the annals of time but that are now just a cruel reminder of a time not long past. But remembering times of laziness and solitude bring nothing into the world that now reins over every human mind. What was once bustling streets of businessmen, and young minds filled with hopes and dreams, is now a desperate resistance capital. Women, children and any person looking to get away from war, eventually seek New York. They harbor anyone they can, saving over 70% of New York and the states north of them for civilian population. Military forces occupied the other 30%, they weren't strong by any means, but they were the only defense in this world. The military mainly consisted of men stupid, arrogant, or on a rare occasion, brave enough to try and fight the monstrous hordes of the enemy. The enemy itself is a group bent on their own way of life, stuck in the past where they were kings with limitless power and nobody raised a finger to stop them. Where they pitted mortal against mortal for their own amusement; ate and drank their fill while others starved. The enemy that so hates the entire mortal race is the titans. Fifteen years ago, a warrior never before seen rose through the ranks of the demigod numbers. Becoming not only idealized by any whom knew him, but also a glorious beacon shinning forth into the distant future, promising wealth, happiness, and immortality. The gods recognized him as their vary souls given form. What they could not foresee, through his heroic actions and silver tonged words, was the true hand guiding him along on his path, pushing him towards the demise of the gods. Though he may be a son of Zeus himself, his nourishment and will came from Kronos. He was poisoned by Kronos' lies, the hero's soul becoming dark and twisted. He waited patiently, plotting always, gathering allies that he made through dreams. If he made contact with someone who refused his offer he would have Kronos brainwash him or her, forcing them to become mindless slaves to his will and Kronos' by extension. Of course he also witnessed the ones too powerful and too faithful to brainwash or convince and left them be, keeping his heroic façade showing whenever they were around. When he ultimately made his move, it was strong, fast, and came from every direction. He destroyed any resistance along the way. Of course mortals fell helpless to their power for they could not even hurt the legions of monsters that stood before them. Cities were decimated and conquered as the hordes pushed on multiple fronts; however the strongest attack pushed straight from the demi-god camp of Camp Half-blood to the Empire State Building. The most horrible part of it all was the figure leading the army itself; Kronos. He had taken over one of the demigod slaves to provide himself a suitable host to recover power in and then had broken free to lead his army to destroy the gods in a swift, fatal swoop. The part Kronos missed however, was the Roman demigod camp that had been stationed in California. They had been transported to New York to defend the gods, along with any surviving demigod from the Greek camp. The two armies' numbers were close in number, yet the demigods serving the gods won out in the end, even defeating Kronos with the help of the gods. Before they had a chance to capture the remains of Kronos, essentially his soul, the few survivors of battle scurried away with them, going wherever their main base of operations was. That was nine and a half years ago, but the memory of that dreaded day still lingers in the corners of every mind. Much has changed since the attack that started what is now called, the age of war. The gods have become much more visible to everyday life as well as all mythological creatures, because the attack shattered the mist, since there were so many monsters in one place. Either because people wanted to forget days long past or because they wanted to show their gratitude towards the gods many new names have been bestowed upon cities and regions. For example New York and anything north of it is now called Elpída or the Greek word for hope, of course in Greek it looks like this; Ελπίδα. Ancient Greek also made its way back into everyday language, of course it took some time to learn and only people dedicated to the newfound religions have taken on such a feat. Great walls were built across the New York and Pennsylvania border that were massive in size and lined with defenses to protect all the civilians within. Demi-gods have become legendary warriors that achieve greatness in battle where ever they go. Of course they all have their specialty but they always hold high-ranking positions and report anything to the gods, demigods are one of the only people who can actually see the gods so they carry out any special mission the gods need doing. Some demi-gods see the mortal militia as a nuisance feeling that they could do much better by themselves, so they usually enter a vanguard group of strictly demigods or take only solo missions. But just as there are soloists there are demigods that respect the will of the mortal army and they usually lead large raids or defend against great monster invasions. But with the constant need for gods to be elsewhere for battle and defense, there has been little time for such pleasures as romance. Yet they have not completely stopped either. The rarest occasion was two children of Zeus/Jupiter of the same mother. Thalia Grace and her little brother Jason would rise through the ranks just as their dark brother, becoming icons of hope, yet doubt had others keep close eyes on both the children. Many were surprised Zeus would even dare break the oath he made twice; the oath prohibited the big three from siring any more children. But the children grew to be loyal servants of the gods, and gained the highest position in both camps. Yet secretly a child of Poseidon was born around the same time, and Hades had two of his children hidden away in his domain. Both gods feared for their children's safety so they kept them as far away from the war as possible. That changed when the child of Poseidon was caught in the attack Kronos made roughly ten years ago. His natural scent was hidden thanks to magic cast on the boy at a young age so they simply took him as a normal human prisoner. They took him back to their lands with wicked intent on what to do with this child. They had killed his family establishing the seed of dark revenge within his heart and all the torture they put him through, as well as the physical labor, just had it blossom into a flower of pure hate against the titans. He bided his time, finding people he could trust and had the will to fight just like he did. He learned patrol schedules and who needed to be taken out to escape. The child of Poseidon was none other than Percy Jackson yet he still did not know that he was a child of an Olympian. His best friends became his greatest allies; he had many at his side that were willing to die to protect him and each other. One of his best friends was a guy named Grover Underwood he was captured the same day as Percy and they talked to each other on the way to the slave camp, he informed Percy that he was a satyr even though it was plainly obvious by his legs. In Percy's mind, Grover had an odd way of looking at situations. Grover would often think of nature and food before anything else. His thought process often led to many humorous occasions at Grover's expense. But he supported peace more than anything and helped quell the dark fire of revenge in Percy's heart. Turning the hatred into thoughts of his companions and what was worth fighting for. The next was a guy named Luke Castellan. He was the first to greet the child of Poseidon giving him a warm welcome and trying to comfort him as best as possible. Luke told him that he was a child of Hermes and he was easily recognized by the large gash running from slightly above his eye to his cheek and his sandy blonde hair. Luke was the oldest of the group, so most looked to him as a leader. He would devise strategies for the others to carry out to test the defensive capability of the slave camp they were being held in. But he never seemed to care if anyone in his plan got hurt or captured which in the end led Percy to appear as a more reliable leader than Luke. The others still risked doing some of Luke's missions though and treated him with respect as to not hurt him at any point in time. There was also Silena Beauregard, a child of Aphrodite, and Charles Beckendorf, a child of Hephaestus. They were a little younger than Luke but had been together for a little over a year. They had met inside the slave camp and had fallen in love the moment their eyes met. Beckendorf, no one else referred to him by his first name but Silena, was a strong guy with big but delicate hands, and a smiling face and gentle soul. Silena was never far from him, as they would always be seen holding hands when the guards weren't watching. She would always cheer up anyone in need and being a child of the love goddess, was very beautiful. No one could accurately describe her though many say she has blue eyes and brown hair but other descriptions have said she is blonde with brown eyes, yet all agree she is slim. Her name Silena is a variation of Selena, which means moon, her last name represents beautiful look and all agree it's an accurate name. Bianca DiAngelo was a child of Hades and never spoke to anyone, preferring a life of solitude. Percy was the first to break through to her though. No matter how many times she walked away he would always persist in trying to talk to her.