I follow Remus down the dirt path below the whomping willow. He made me this, and now we'll need to find a way to keep me from hurting others for the first time. Hopefully Sirius, James, and Peter helping will work as well as it does for him, otherwise I'll really be a monster. He looks back at me like he's going to say something, but neither of us wants to talk, so he doesn't. He does look guilty, as though he's a monster for doing this to me, but that's the same as calling a real wolf a monster for hunting its prey. It was my fault. I knew the marauders ran with a werewolf every month, but I forgot it was a full moon and stayed at Hagrid's too late. I forgot my head when I heard a howl, and I made myself a noticeable target by running. All predators hunt when something runs from them. It's what they do, and I knew better. I ran anyway. Dirt barely softens the blow as I step too hard on the slightly raised wooden floor, shocking me back to the room we're entering. Scratched wallpaper surrounds me, but there's no real light in here, and all the windows have been boarded. I can hear blood pounding in my ears as my heart rate increases. We begin to climb stairs, and there are animal prints in mud and dirt under my feet. The walls here house deep gouges, rather than simple scratches. This is where he transforms. I'm just like him now, so it shouldn't frighten me, right? All I can hear is the thumping of my heart. "Remus?" My voice shakes as I force the question out. I already know the answer, but it's terrifying and I hope I'm wrong. "Where are we going?" We pass a closed-up window before he answers, "We're already here- The Shrieking Shack." Shit. I was right. We've finally reached the top of the staircase and now there are more windows in the walls, all securely blockaded with wooden boards and nails. Remus leads me into a dilapidated, dark bedroom with a four-poster bed. Blood-stained sheets lay crumpled on it, draping over the edge and nearly disguising the chewed bed posts. Oh Godric. This is the room he transforms in. The room I'm going to transform in. Oh fucking Godric. And there's blood. I'm going to bleed? I thought I bled enough when Remus changed me. All I can see is the blood on the sheets, dark brown and crusted, same as the cotton blouse I was wearing a month ago. I've tossed that now. I don't need a physical reminder of what happened-the scars are enough. I was passing the Greenhouses when the spine-chilling howl sounded. Remus had transformed. I was on the grounds with a werewolf. So I ran. I tried to avoid the forest, and therefore whomping willow, as much as I could while making my beeline for the castle entrance. When I heard his paws on the ground behind me and his snarls growing louder, I tried to run faster. I failed. I felt his breath on my neck before the claws ripped into my side and spun me, leaving me face to face with a ferocious predator. Why did I run? That was so stupid. And now, I was dead at Remus' claws and teeth, and he was going to blame himself. I was so busy thinking about my death, that I stopped paying any attention to the werewolf. At least until his jaws closed around my throat. A werewolf was biting into my carotid. I was going to die. Stars began dancing across my dimming vision, when a magnificent stag was standing between the werewolf and I. A dog came out of nowhere and started wrestling with Remus, and I kept hearing them whine and snarl at each other. My vision came and went a few times; I was losing a lot of blood-quickly. The creature guarding me turned to look at me for a moment. Its hazel eyes met mine for less than a second. James. And then I was collapsed on the great buck, and he was carrying me through the castle. I hoped the dog was still alive. My world went black again. The next time I saw anything, it was morning. I was in the bleached white hospital wing. It smelled like antiseptic. Wait a moment. I sniffed the air deeper. I smelled like antiseptic. James was there. I didn't see him, I was still just staring at the ceiling, but I could smell him. He'd been bleeding. That worried me, so I began to move. My movement woke James, who was resting his head on my legs. He moved quickly, murmuring my name as tears fell from his eyes. He threaded his fingers through my hair. Then James kissed every inch of my skin that he could reach. Somehow I smelled relief- from James. He was kissing my neck, along my pulse, where the werewolf tore at me with his giant teeth. I could smell panic then, and it wasn't from James. It was from me. I was bitten by a werewolf last night, and I survived. I was a werewolf. "Lily?" My name snaps me out of my reverie to find Remus hovering over me with concern in his eyes. His eyes remind me more of a wolf than they ever have before. Are my eyes wolf-like now, too? "How much longer?" I'm scared to know the answer, but waiting for the unknown to overtake me at some mysterious time is going to be torture. "Not long. Probably ten minutes at most." I can smell guilt emanating off of him. I should comfort him, but I don't know what to say this time. And right now, I'm too nervous to try and figure something out; I have only ten minutes to prepare myself. Hopefully it starts before then, because I know there's no bracing for this level of pain. Remus puts his arm around my shoulders and pulls me to the bed, sitting me down next to him. I know he can smell my fear, and he knows better than to try and talk me down, so he's comforting me with touch. I realize that we communicate better by feel now as I nuzzle into his shoulder in gratitude. His simple contact is helping much more than any words could. A few minutes later, I feel a strange ache in my joints. Nothing too painful or obvious, but I know it's the start of my transformation as Remus steps away from me. He feels it too. My vision sharpens and it stops seeming so dark. I grit my teeth to brace myself. Everything looks clearer now, but the colors are faded. I look at Remus and see his wolf peering back at me. That's when everything begins. It hurts. My bones are being jerked out of their sockets and joints. They're growing faster than if I'd had three doses of skele-gro at once, and it's not at all pleasant. Holy fucking harpies, I must be dying. I hear a piercing scream. The screeching continues, hurting my ears slightly, as I watch Remus' arms pop out of place and stretch and distort themselves in the same way mine are. I might be sick; it's entirely abhorrent to watch. The pain overpowers me, and my world goes dark for a moment before bringing up sick. As I retch, the shrieking finally stops. Oh Godric, that unpleasant sound was me? The pain moves to my hips, and I feel my legs swell and tear apart from themselves; the howling returns, though now I can actually feel it rip at my throat. And then I remember nothing. I wake up to the smell of antiseptic again. I breathe deeply through my nose, taking advantage of the one thing I'm growing to enjoy: the improved sense of scent. I can smell all the marauders, but they've been bleeding and Sirius is worried. I finally open my eyes, and the world's gone blurry. I blink a few times, desperately trying to clear my vision, but it isn't working. Why can't I see properly? "It's the change," Remus' quiet, raspy voice floats over to me. "The wolf sees so much sharper than us so it's hard to see clearly when you wake up. At least it is for the first few transformations, but you get used to it eventually." I stretch some and begin sitting up. Holy harpies, I'm sore. I hurt everywhere. I should have seen it coming, after watching Remus for so long, but Godric it really hurts! Sirius jumps over to me as I move, clearly glad to see I'm awake. He and Peter are both surprised. Didn't they hear Remus talking to me? Was he speaking so softly that they couldn't hear him? Wait. Sirius is right in front of me talking to me? At me? However he's talking, I can see him right there. Remus is hovering just a little behind him, harder to make out, leaving Peter's vague shape sitting near a bed further away. And none of them are bleeding, but I smell fresh blood. "Where's James?" I need to know; it isn't met with an immediate answer, but by uneasy glances amongst them. I force myself to wait for a response, but when there hasn't been a response half a minute later, I release a growl. "Where. Is. James?" Sirius gives him away with a sheepish glance. Fuck. James really was injured. He's a patient as well, then. I leap from my bed and try to ignore the pain coursing through me as I stumble to James' bedside. I nearly knock Peter over before crashing into the neighboring bed. That doesn't help the pain. I slow down as I approach his unmoving form. I force my eyes to focus on James' new imperfections, causing my head to pound. His chest is covered in red, puckered wounds with only a thin layer of skin closing them. My heart aches for the pain he went through. The gashes were definitely made by a werewolf's claws. One of the stripes across his arm broke open, and is the source of the blood I smelled. There are two jagged gashes across his left cheek. He was mauled. There's no other way to say it. And there's this feeling in my gut, this unabashed guilt. I wouldn't hurt him. I couldn't. Could I? I look to Remus, and I know. I mauled James last night. I did this to him. I don't know when they appeared, but tears are running like rivers down my face. I attacked James. How could I? I didn't bite him, did I? Merlin, he's been torn to shreds! It's a miracle he's alive, even if his breathing is still shallow. Oh Godric, I'm a monster. Only a monster could do this to the man she loves. Even in sleep, he radiates pain. Sleep is supposed to be the one time a victim can be at peace. But I shredded him so viciously he doesn't even have that escape. My breath hitches and my chest aches. I did this. I'm a monster. James is doing better now. It's been a couple days since I woke up in the hospital wing, and I can finally see normally again. They told me I slept for an entire day after that moon. It seems like a long time, though Remus says he slept longer after his initial transformation. He keeps telling me how well I handled my first full moon like it's some kind of compliment, but I'm sure he's just trying to distract me from the monster I've become. They argue with me, but it doesn't matter; I know what I am. The professors all granted me extensions for my schoolwork. Even so, I've been working almost non-stop on it. If I don't study, I