All canon character, plots, and situations from the Harry Potter series belong to JK Rowling. I am not profiting from this work. Thank you to Clearwater508 for her time and work on this story. This was written for Quills & Parchment's Lemonade Smutfest competition and won the "Darkest Dark" award. Trigger warnings: Graphic depiction of violence, sadomasochism, explicit ~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~ Ginny gazed through the compartment's window into the corridor as memories from the war drifted back to her. The moment she tumbled into the Room of Requirement and locked eyes on Harry, seeing him whole and alive filled her with relief and hope. Right then, she knew this was the final fight and she had felt sure that they would be victorious and she would have her happily ever after with Harry. But that hope and sureness faded during the battle. It was still there, but the certainty that she would get out alive was absent as she fought with Luna at her back. You-know-who's supporters seemed to send a never-ending stream of curses that Ginny fought off with continuous waves and flicks of her wand until something caught her eye and stopped her heart. Short white blond hair was mixed in the fray, and as Ginny zeroed in on it, she trembled at the thought she may need to fight him, until ice grey eyes met hers. In that moment of chaos and fear, she felt safe and at peace. And then their connection broke as he flicked his wand in her direction and disappeared into the battle. Ginny shook herself free of his mesmerizing effect on her, to find he had taken a moment to save her in the midst of everything. Sitting in the now quiet compartment of other seventh years and Hermione (who was back to finish school like the know-it-all she was), Ginny's thoughts stayed on the man who had saved her in that moment, and the eyes she had been so absorbed in. When they appeared through the window she was still staring through, it took her a moment to realize he was really on the train with her. He passed by her compartment without a word, and Ginny's mind buzzed. She needed to see him, to talk to him, to do something. Suddenly she didn't know what she needed or wanted, but Ginny knew she couldn't sit still while he was on the train with her. She excused herself, claiming a need to walk around, and followed the corridor in the direction he had gone. When Voldemort's curse split upon hitting Harry's stunning spell and killed Harry at the end of the battle, Ginny's heart had broken. Actually, she had spent her summer convincing herself her heart was actually still in her chest and functioning; that the gaping, aching hole she felt in her chest would heal. She fought to remind herself that her world would continue without him, and she could still find love. Now, following Draco down the train's corridor, was she chasing her chance at new love? Ginny's thought brought her back to the year before the war came to Hogwarts, when she and Draco had spent time talking for the first time. It had been insanely bizarre, but when she heard crying from the men's toilet, she knew she had to help. Ginny waited until the boy came out, with red, slightly puffy eyes. They both froze in shock as their eyes met. And in that frozen moment of time, Ginny saw something in his eyes that was familiar and kindred to her. "Are you alright?" she asked him awkwardly. "What's it to you, Weasley?" he spat viciously. "Fine. If you want to cry in the toilet, go for it!" Ginny yelled. "You're too good for my help? Then keep crying!" She was trying to help the bloody prat, and he wanted to be rude? Forget it. Not worth it. She spun on her heel, ears red, and began to storm away. "Why would I help your pathetic attempt to ruin me?" Ginny glanced back at Malfoy and saw defeat in his eyes, "Unlike you, Malfoy, I'm not a complete prat," she stated heatedly before walking away and leaving him standing outside the toilet door. After that encounter, Ginny walked past that men's room more often than before, listening for his sniffles or sobs again. She couldn't shake the feeling that there was something she could do to help him, and that she should be helping him. The next time she heard him crying, she didn't wait meekly for him to leave, but she charged into the restroom. As the door echoed closed, he spun to face her with his wand raised. He watched her warily as she walked calmly toward him, before sitting down against a nearby wall. Ginny kept looking at Malfoy, waiting for him to say or do something. "Why didn't you tell anyone?" Malfoy asked doubtfully. "I told you: I'm not a prat and I was trying to help you." He rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand and looked closer at her. "Why would you help me though? You're a Weasley." "Yea, and us Weasleys do the right thing, even if it is for a dodgy twerp like you," Ginny retorted, her temper flaring. She took a breath to attempt to calm herself before continuing, "but I don't know why I'm trying to help you. I just feel like I need to." "It's not like you can do anything. In fact, you don't have any idea what I'm dealing with," Malfoy retorted, clearly trying to mount his high horse once more. "Oh sod off with that bullshit Malfoy. I have six brothers, so I may not know exactly, but I probably have some idea." Ginny locked eyes with him, and forced her determination and empathy to show through her eyes. He needed to open up and talk to her. She needed him to. They stared at each other for at least a minute, and Ginny was about to lose all of her patience and snap when he finally broke. "My family," he drawled hesitantly, "they have high expectations. They want me to do something bad this year, and I don't think I want to do it. But I have to." He looked down as he spoke, allowing Ginny to take in his appearance. Malfoy seemed deathly ill: thin with sallow skin and dark circles under his eyes. Whatever his family expected was definitely too much. Ginny stood, unable to let so much space stay between her and this hurting boy. He may be a Malfoy, but surely no one deserved to be in so much pain. "It's hard to live up to family expectations," she started, but he interrupted. "It's not just them, it's their friends too. And-" he froze, seeming to realize who he was talking to and what he was about to say, and instinctively reached for his left forearm. "And it's him, isn't it? Voldemort?" He hissed as she uttered the dark name, but his eyes locked on the floor, as though he was ashamed to admit the truth. But then he nodded. Ginny reached for his arm, and he didn't fight her. She pushed up his sleeve and saw his mark for the first time, and her heart hurt a little, for the loss of innocence they were all going through and for seeing it physically on Malfoy. She brushed her fingers along the tattoo, and tears leaked from Malfoy's eyes as he closed them with relief. And then the door slammed open and broke their moment. Malfoy yanked his sleeve down and dried his eyes in a flash before he began yelling at her. "What the hell is your problem, Weaselbee?! This is the men's lavatory, so get out!" There were many similar encounters between them that year, but he never told her what they wanted him to do, and she never gave up on him becoming a better person. She thought she might be falling in love with him somehow, but it made no sense. Even when she and Harry were together, Ginny would meet Draco and feel her heart pull toward him. Every time he insisted he had to do the mysterious bad thing though, she remembered he was on the wrong side of the war. She remembered that Harry was the love of her life, because he was strong enough to do the right thing every time, because he fought for good and love instead of succumbing to fear. Even so, Draco was so scarred from the Malfoy's idea of love that Ginny felt sure if he was shown true love just once, he'd learn to be a better, stronger man. The last time they met that year was agonizing for Ginny. Something was different about Draco, and he was more torn than ever. "They know everything is ready and they expect me to finish the job. But I don't know if I can, and even if I do, it will change everything. Ginny, I don't want to lose you," Draco confessed that night in the Room of Requirement, where they had agreed to meet after being interrupted that first day. She took one of his hands in her small, delicate ones, and waited for him to meet her eyes to reply. "Draco, you can be a good man, you just need to make the right choice. If you do that, you'll never lose me. Do the right thing and tell me or Dumbledore what they want from you, and don't do it. Fight them, stand for what's right. I know you want to, Draco. You're a good man with a good heart, you're just afraid to show it." "He'll kill me. And my family. If I don't, they'll find out about you and torture you. I'll lose everything. I can't lose everything. I have to do it." "But then you'll lose me. I can't be with a man who fights for the wrong side." "You aren't with me now," he snapped. "You have your precious Potter, the entire bloody school knows about you two, and you're so deliriously happy together." "You have a stronger hold on my heart though. I just, I can't be with someone on the wrong side. If you choose love, if you choose the light, I'd much prefer you to Harry. But you haven't," tears slipped from her eyes as she argued with him. It didn't matter how many times she tried to remind herself that Harry was the love of her life: Draco held her heart. The two men had so much in common, but had turned out so differently. Harry always had more fire than Draco, who was all ice when he fought, but that was a better fit for Ginny, she thought, since she was all fire and was sure she could melt even Draco's ice. Unfortunately, his father had done a real number on him by placing power over love. "I can't. I can't lose everything. I need to protect you," tears were building in his eyes as well. Ginny let go of his hand and began to back away. "If you can't choose good, then I can't do this, Draco. I'm sorry, but I'm done." Ginny had left the Room of Requirement after that statement, and a week later Dumbledore was dead. After that, she couldn't trust Draco or have anything to do with him again. So when she found a note in her bag the first week of her sixth year, as she had so many times before, she crumpled it and refused to meet him. But it was hard. Ginny was at Hogwarts without any family and without Harry, and she wasn't allowing herself to have anything to do without Draco. Even so, she couldn't help but watch him, eying his body as he darted through the air on the quidditch pitch and noting he had very few good days. Then she started