Dramione; Eighth Year; Pureblood!Hermione; Scarshipping; Ginny/Blaise; Neville/Pansy; Harry/NOT Ron; EWE; Ignores Cursed Child. Lastly; we're going to assume that our beloved mother hen is no murderer and Bellatrix LeStrange nee Black is still around for plot purposes. Major Changes; I claim no ownership of Harry Potter or any affiliated characters. I just like playing with them. CHAPTER ONE - HERMIONE JEAN GRANGER Australia. Hermione had found her parents exactly where she left them. She had gotten an internship at the dental clinic they worked at, even though they had no memories of her. She just wanted to be near them, even if it was only for the summer. She had hoped to find a way to reverse her own spell, but alas, she hadn't quite figured it out. "Hermione, can you help me move these boxes out of the storage closet? We were thinking about expanding the x-ray room." Her mother called out to her from an old cupboard. "On my way Monica." Monica and Wendell Wilkins; that's who they thought they were. It pained Hermione to call her mother by a name she'd never known her by. It took her almost a week to not trip up and almost call her mom . The boxes were heavy. Hermione recognized some of the old pictures, yet each seemed to be missing something major—a daughter. "Hermione, I'll go prepare us some tea, and we can start sorting through all this. I'll be right back!" Mrs. Wilkins bustled away, and Hermione began reminiscing through the pages; empty baby albums that were once full, family photos, and a small box with a word scribbled across the top. Hermione's eyes glided past the box but she had to do a double take. NOTT Hermione's eyebrows furrowed together. Nott wasn't a very common name, and she was pretty sure it was a name she knew wasn't in her family line. "Mom—Monica? Do you know someone named Nott?" Maybe a patient's belongings got mixed up. Monica poked her head around the corner of the coffee bar, with a puzzled look on her face. "Why, yes actually. Matilda was a friend of mine when we were children, though her parents weren't very fond of me. I don't remember why… She married into the Nott name and asked me to watch over something… my it was so long ago, what was it?" She seemed to zone out in thought, and only came around when the tea started whistling. Quickly, Hermione pulled the box into her bag with the expandable charm, feeling slightly guilty about stealing. However, she was curious, and if her hunches were right—and they almost always were—her parents need not worry about any other witches or wizards quite yet. The box was all but forgotten after that night. It wasn't important really, she just figured her mother was friends with a child witch, and that's why Matilda's parents didn't like Monica. She was a muggle. However, she was curious as to what a witch could hide that was safer in the hands of a muggle. Spending the last week with her parents before she returned to school, however, seemed much more pleasing than worrying about some old dusty box that probably had nothing in it. The train whistle blared through the platform. Hermione's luggage was already loaded, and she stood at the door, leaning out. Ronald and Harry smiled up at her from the platform—well, Harry did, Ron just sort of pouted. "You didn't get to stay for more than a day, and you're already leaving." He was obviously put out. "You don't even need to go back to school. Kingsley offered you a job at the ministry." "I don't want to work for the Ministry, Ronald, I want to be a professor. And that requires NEWTs." She explained, it seemed she had been repeating herself quite often. "It's no shock that you're going back to school in order to go back to school." Harry laughed. "I'm more shocked that you didn't make head girl." As if summoned, the new head girl poked her head out from around Hermione, and stared her boyfriend down. "Eighth year students can't make Head Boy or Head Girl." Ginny pouted. Ginny not only made Head Girl, but she was also Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Ron would have been jealous if not for his role in the 'Golden Trio'. "Send owls, okay?" Hermione reminded as the bell tolled at eleven and the train lurched. "You know I won't!" Ron laughed, although Hermione expected he would. "Every week." Harry called as the Hermione and Ginny pulled the door closed. "It's going to be odd, isn't it? Not having those two around I mean." Ginny asked as they walked through the train to the compartment where Luna and Neville were waiting. "I think it's going to be odd not having a dark force trying to attack us for once." Hermione laughed as she sat next to Neville, who looked ghastly. "Don't jinx us! The term hasn't even started. Death Eaters could come, or worse! Umbridge could suddenly turn into the next Dark Lord!" He said, seemingly panicked. Luna peered over her Quibbler that was, as usual, upside down in her hands. "Oh, I don't think that's possible Neville. She's be more of a Pink Lord." Hermione and Ginny snickered and a smile cracked across Neville's face. Luna glanced out the window with an absent expression. "I do hope our Head Girl remembers her duties at the front of the train. It'd be a shame to have to replace her so soon." Ginny's face went white, and she scurried out the compartment without a goodbye, though a quick ' Thanks Luna' could be heard fading down the train. Hermione rolled her eyes and reached into her bag with the undetectable expansion charm, grabbing out one of her old but favorite textbooks; Hogwarts, A History by Bathilda Bagshot . It quite embarrassed her when she flipped open to the first page in weeks, seeing the now revised table of contents. The first time Hermione had read the table of contents that summer she immediately slammed it shut and put it in the freezer (an old trick about concerning books her mother did for some reason). There at the bottom of the page was the newest chapter that had magically appeared; The Golden Trio and The Second Wizarding War. Hermione huffed, and chose a different chapter, preferring to read about the various house ghosts instead until it was time to change into their nostalgic school robes and disembark for the now not-so-horseless carriages. "First years follow me!" A familiar booming voice echoed above the students' heads. "Well, hullo Hermione, Neville, Luna." "Hagrid!" Hermione cried out. She quickly found herself engulfed I a very familiar wild musk and lots of fur as she practically body slammed into him. "We'll talk later. First years! This way!" He said to her before resuming his job, but not before a firm grip on her shoulder. She immediately knew a cup of tea at Hagrid's was something was couldn't wait for. Twenty minutes later, Hermione found herself situated happily at the Gryffindor table, peering down the aisle as a funny looking old hat atop a stool, first years seemingly cowering in front of it. A rip split open at its seam and suddenly the had burst into song. " Atop this stool shall you sit To find the house where you'll fit. Is it knowledge that you seek Into books do you peek? Maybe courage you will find Deep inside your brave mind? Maybe loyal is your soul More hard working than a troll? Maybe cunning is you tongue Sly, but never to be undone? Ravenclaw Hufflepuff Gryffindor Slytherin But what's this I see? A new house of harmony? It was war we lived through Trust each other you must do. For enemies of yesterday Can be noble allies today. "Trust in each other we must do? Enemies of yesterday can be allies today? I'm pretty sure that hat's lost a few to many stitches." Ginny grunted. "Did you not pay attention? There's a new house." Hermione reiterated in shock. She wasn't the only one who noticed what the hat had said, a lot of voices were discussing it. Minerva McGonagall tapped loudly on the stand in front of her, and the conversations quickly ceased. "First years, you will step up to the stool, where I will place the sorting hat on your head, and you will be sorted. When I call your name please." Hermione waited patiently as she strained to hear where each student was sorted. She stood and applauded for the six new Gryffindors, and even clapped eagerly for the eight Hufflepuffs and eight Ravenclaws. She wasn't nearly as enthusiastic for the five Slytherins. McGonagall took her place at the stand once more. "A few notices before our start of year feast. As you know, last year was an abomination of teaching. Therefore; some familiar faces have returned, but to keep tradition Eighth years will not be rooming with their house mates." Hermione visibly paled at the thought of having to return to her dorm room, when three of the five girls weren't returning—either because of their parents or in Lavender's case, a werewolf bite. She wasn't particularly close with Parvarti anyhow. "Instead, these students will make up the new, United House. Eighth years, see me after dinner for more information. Also, our caretaker Mr. Filch wishes to so gracefully remind you, that Weasley's Wizards Wheezes are forbidden, and use of them to get out of class will result in immediate detention. Also; as many of you are well aware, the Forbidden Forest is dangerous, so do not go wondering! Lastly, I would like to welcome a few new members of our staff. Mr. William Weasley, a curse breaker for Gringott's will be taking role of Defense against the Dark Arts professor this year…" "I didn't know your brother was teaching!" Hermione told Ginny, finally noticing the red head on the end of the table. "Yeah, he's super excited for it." "Mr. Weasley will also be the head of house for Gryffindor. Secondly, for Transfiguration, Madame Sieme." "Madame Sieme? She's super famous. She used to be a top notch duelist." Neville said, his face draped in awe. Hermione followed his gaze to the teacher's table. Sitting next to Bill was a petite witch, who looked more the size of Professor Flitwick, next to Hagrid. Her hair was shaved off on the sides but the top was sticking up in all sorts of weird angles. With her many piercings in her ears, and tattoos that poked out of her robes on her wrists and neck, she looked more like a punk star than a professor. "Kinda young, isn't she?" Ginny asked. Hermione shrugged. "Just a few, final words. Last year we lost many students of all ages to either the war, or concerning parents. I implore you, these next few terms are crucial to the revival of Hogwarts. Inter-house co-operation and unity is up most important, therefore, starting tomorrow morning, we encourage you to sit wherever you see fit, whether it be your own house, or another. Without further ado, bon appetite! " "Y' kno' 't makes sense 'at 'e's 'aking a 'ew 'ouse." "Ginevra Weasley, I expect this behavior from Ronald, but seriously? Chew then talk." Hermione scuffed. Ginny swallowed, rolling her eyes as she did. "It makes sense that they're making a new house." She repeated. "There won't be enough room in the house dorms with eight years' worth of students." She explained. "Also limits the bullying. Can you imagine Zabini and a first year student in the same common room?" She snorted. Hermione raised an eyebrow. "Zabini came back? I didn't think he would." "A lot of Slytherins came back. Even Malfoy's back, probably required by the Ministry for his probation." Neville said sheepishly. "Oh Neville, you took on Voldemort and a giant snake