Inspired by ARRETEZ: Tears of the Moon. This is the aftermath of the horrible crime Zeus committed against his daughter Artemis in Tears of the Moon. Artemis is thankfully saved from fading and now with help from Apollo and her aunts and sister she will have her revenge against the one they hate most. Their brother and father Zeus king of the gods. Chapter 1. Revenge of the Moon Twins. It is said that twin siblings possess a type of psychic bond that lets one communicate with the other or lets one sibling know if the others is in trouble. Although this has never been proven there is one fact that no-one knows about not even Lord Zeus king of the gods. As twins Apollo and Artemis do not possess a psychic bond, no what they possess is a bond of domains. Unbeknownst to the other gods the sun cannot survive without the moon and the moon cannot survive without the sun. This is why Apollo is so over protective of Artemis and why Artemis still allows Apollo around her and her hunt. As Artemis lay in her father's bedroom after the horrendous act of rape committed against her by her father she began to fade. Suddenly a bright light appeared and Apollo rushed out looking for Artemis when he looked down and seen a sight he never wanted to see. A bound and naked Artemis starting to flicker. His need to save his sister overrode his need to find whoever did this and destroy them. Quickly, Apollo made his over to Artemis and unbound her and then in soft spoken works said "it will be alright Artemis I will save you and we will have our revenge on whoever did this to you." At that Apollo started sending soft pulse of glowing yellow energy into Artemis trying to replenish her energy. Apollo expended a lot of energy but was able to stabilize his sister's condition for the moment. Quickly he picked her up and flashed them into the hospital wing of his temple. Once they arrived Apollo yelled for a dryad to clothe Artemis so she would no longer be naked. While the dryad was dressing Artemis Apollo mentally summoned Athena and Hestia the two goddesses he knew that Artemis trusts. A moment after he sent the summons a bright light appeared in his temple and out walked Athena and Hestia. Athena looked at the state Apollo was in and asked "Apollo what has happened you look terrible?" Apollo looked at Athena and went to respond to her but found that he couldn't say a word. Hestia reached out and took Apollo's hand and glowed orange as she attempted to instill hope in Apollo but couldn't. Suddenly the dryad burst into the room summoning Apollo back to the room where Artemis was. Apollo grabbed the hands of both goddesses and flashed them to the room. When they arrived Artemis had once again started to flicker. She was starting to fade and Apollo knew it, he had to do something and fast for not only would he lose his sister but the earth would be devastated by the loss of the moon. Apollo looked to the goddesses and said "help me. I need more energy and I can trust no-one else but the two of you." In synch Hestia took Apollo's hand while Athena place her hand on Apollo's shoulder and started transferring energy into him. Once the energy transfer began Apollo once again started sending soft pulses of energy into Artemis. Soon the flickering stopped and Artemis began to regain the color in her face. Finally the energy transfer stopped as Apollo was certain that his sister would not fade now. After summoning some ambrosia and chairs the son god, goddess of wisdom and goddess of the hearth sat down to recover from what just happened. Soon the silence was broken as Athena asked "Apollo what happened to Artemis that would leave her in such a state?" Apollo sat there as if thinking and finally looked up at Athena and said in a loud tone "she was raped! I felt her starting to fade and I lashed to where she was and I found her bound and naked along with the signs of her being raped!" Hestia gasped in disgust and asked "who would commit such a vile act and against Artemis a virgin goddess no less?" "I don't know" responded Apollo. "I know this is difficult for you Apollo but we must find out who did this. Did you notice anything that could help us identify the culprit?" asked Athena Apollo sat there trying to remember anything that could help when suddenly he jumped to his feet and yelled "NNNOOOOOOO! He wouldn't do that!" "Who Apollo? Who was it!?" yelled both of the goddesses. Apollo looked at the two goddesses with an irate look on his face and said "IT WAS FATHER!" "What!" yelled Athena and Hestia almost in synch. "Wha…wha… what do you mean it was your father?" asked Hestia whose face possessed a look of disgust and horror. Apollo looked at Hestia with angry in his face and fire in his eyes and replied "when you asked me if there was anything that I could use to identify who did this to her I started go over what I found. It was then I realized I found her in father's palace in his bedroom. You know as well as I how protective father is of his palace, so it could be no-one but him." Suddenly, Hestia started crying and repeatedly said "no, no, no, this wasn't supposed to happen he promised. He promised me he wouldn't if I…" "What are talking about Hestia? Who promised you what and what were you supposed to do?" asked Apollo Flashback Hestia looked at Apollo with tears in her eyes took a deep breath and said "Since the inception of the Olympian Counsel, Zeus my brother had wanted to have sex with me. As goddess of the hearth and family I of course refused. There were times Zeus would try and force himself on me but as I am the first born of Kronos and Rhea I am more powerful than him so I was able to fight him off. One day after Dionysus took my place on the counsel Zeus came to me and said that if I let him have his way with me he would give me my throne back on the counsel. Once again I refused but that did not stop your father from enacting his final most desperate plan. It was then he told me that if I di.. di.. did not succumb to his advances that he would take his revenge on me by raping both Athena and Artemis. He said the only to safe guard their virginity against him was for me to give him mine. I… I was shocked that he would even contemplate such a vile act and told him that I thought even he would commit such a vile and disgusting act. It was then he told me of how he raped Hera and forced her to become his wife and that he had also raped Demeter which left her pregnant with Persephone. With a smile on his face he told me that if I did not believe him capable of such an act to go and asked them. I still had hope that my brother would be above these acts but I did as he said and confronted Hera and Demeter only to find that he did indeed commit this acts and on more than one occasion. I returned to Zeus and relented to his advances under the oath that he would never commit such on Athena and Artemis." Apollo's temple hook in the rage that Apollo was feeling. Quickly Hestia lay a hand on his shoulder and used her domain of hope to try and calm the sun god. Soon the temple stopped shaking and Apollo regained control over his domains. Apollo muttered a quick thank you to Hestia before they both turned to see Athena sobbing profusely with her legs pressed against her chest just rocking back and forth. Both gods took immediate action Apollo asked Athena if she alright while Hestia tried to infuse hope into Athena's quivering body. Soon the combined efforts of both gods paid as Athena stopped her quivering and crying. At this point Apollo helped Athena to a chair. While both gods wanted to know why Athena acted in this way they knew that she would tell them when she was ready. Hestia left to go and check on Artemis leaving Apollo with Athena. Suddenly Apollo's temple began to shake once again and Hestia flashed back to where Athena and Apollo were. Upon arrival she looked for Apollo but to her surprise she found that it was Athena that was the cause of the shaking temple. Athena shot up of the chair with her grey eyes a blaze in anger and yelled "THAT MOTHER FUCKER! I WILL MAKE HIM FADE!" Once again Hestia and Apollo were at Athena's side trying to calm her down. "Athena what is wrong? Why would you of all people use such language?" asked Hestia Athena returned to her chair crying once again. She sat there as if debating on whether to say anything or not but finally relented. "Aunt and brother I apologize for my outburst it was unbecoming of a goddess of wisdom, but once I.. I.. I tell you what happened you will understand. Apollo and Hestia quietly took a seat and waited for Athena to begin. Athena sat there for a few moments gathering her thoughts before finally saying "I… I am sure you remember when I started having brain children. I said that children in this fashion did not violate my oath as a virgin goddess.The truth is I lied. I… I… I used that as a cover for the fact I had been impregnated and had a baby the traditional way." "WHAT!" Hestia and Apollo cried out. "How… how did this happen "Please let me continue uninterrupted it is difficult enough saying this to you as it is." Athena replied Apollo and Hestia both agreed and let Athena continue "I had been summoned to the throne room by father, much like I suppose Artemis was." Said Athena. "Once I arrived I was quickly rendered unconscious. I awoke in a strange place and found myself bound unable to use my godly powers to escape. Suddenly, I heard a booming laughter and turned my head to the side and saw that it was father. Anger started to build as I yelled out father what is the meaning of this? Once again he started to laugh but soon stopped and said, I am going to show my beautiful daughter the goddess of wisdom that she is not as wise as she believes herself to be and have a little fun doing it. To say I was shocked was an understatement. Finally I said bu… bu… but father I'm a virgin goddess I cannot be taken in that way. Laughter bellowed throughout the room as father said I can and will take your virginity as your father it is my right. I immediately felt sick as I realized he was actually going to do this." Athena fell silent as she continued to gather her thoughts and finally restarted her story. "Father then made his way over to me with an evil smile upon his face. He reached out with his hand and placed it on my side slowly running his hand towards my breast. Once he reached there he roughly took one of my breast in his hand and started groping it. Suddenly he removed his hand from my breast and tore my clothing off. Being the era we were in our clothing was little more than a toga and proper under garments had yet to