A/N: I'm sorry for the jarring shift from past tense to present tense at an early point in the story, but it's because the past tense was in something of a flashback, while everything else happens currently. And if I screwed up some technical stuff, I'm sorry for that. I haven't read the series in a while. Also, I'm Canadian, so if there's different spellings for some words, you know why. Next, before people disagree with my portrayal of Piper, she does look down on her siblings and sees them as shallow for being concerned with their looks and having silly crushes, sometimes even on the same guy as her. Trust me, while I can't provide you with an example right now, you'll find a lot of examples in the Lost Hero. Just read the book again if you don't agree. And while she does get a bit better by the end of the book (a bit) she stills thinks of them in a bad light, and that should change. While the Aphrodite cabin can certainly be shallow at times, it doesn't define their whole personalities, because people are people! We all have our flaws. And so I hope you enjoy, read and review, and leave your constructive criticism behind! Thank you. This fic will also be posted at archiveofourown under the same username, so if you'd like to read it there as well, go ahead! Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson and the Olympians or the Heroes of Olympus series. They belong to Rick Riordan. XoX Okay, so. Piper might have been a little too eager and naive when she'd jumped into the position of counselor of Cabin Ten because; a) she was a little in over her head, and b) she might not have been as mature and responsible as she thought. Surprise, at least to her. Leo must of been having a good laugh. XoX Previously, in the head of Piper "Beauty Queen" Mclean- why she'd be one of the greatest counselors Cabin Ten had ever had (a list written and edited by, you guessed it, the current cabin counselor herself) 1. After her quest, Piper had never felt more confident. She was ready to fucking lead, and while she wasn't much older than her siblings, they were- a little bit air-headed and much too concerned with their looks. Piper, in comparison, was much, much more down to earth, and couldn't care less about her looks (the tangled, choppy hair and braids proved that.) 2. Between her and Drew? She was definitely the better option, thank you very much. 3. She now knew the true definition of love and beauty (although Drew would very much disagree with this, she was not the senior counselor. Ha.) 4. Hell, she'd seen counselors in action. She had attended summer camps before, after all, and while most of her learning experience had been watching the older teens try (and fail) to wrestle the younger, angry, spoiled white kids under control, she was sure she could handle anything of the sort if it came her way. And better, too. 5. Hey, if she was one of the Seven of the Prophecy, she could surely handle a cabin of kids. It wouldn't be that hard. Not as hard as people made handling a bunch of children of love sound. Demigods were known for their dramatic exaggerations- and, as well- understatements, but. Not important. XoX The first moment wherein Piper realized she might not have been as prepared as she thought had been. About a week after she, Leo and Jason had arrived back at camp after their quest, maybe? Anyways, she'd returned from a playful basketball game with some other campers to find the cabin in a state of disarray. Various assorted items (makeup, shampoo, brushes, combs, clothes, even some pads here and there, you name it) littered the bubblegum pink floor, and in the middle of it was... She hated to admit it, but. A cat-fight. Her siblings were watching in awe from their bunks. To the left of her, although she didn't have a complete view of the girl, Drew Tanaka was lazily strewn across her bed, nibbling on a snack bar, smirking. Laugh as much as you want , Piper thought darkly, and a few other choice words that will not be repeated. She stepped into the middle of the fight and pushed the two girls apart. While it was never really noticed by their fellow half-bloods, Aphrodite kids were strong when you pushed them far enough. Stark example, right here. Piper gritted her teeth. "Knock it off!" she snapped, trying not to groan with the startling effort it took to keep her two siblings apart. "What the f-" she stopped, corrected herself. "What the Hades happened?" She'd never get used to saying that. One of the girls- Paige, if she remembered right- looked at her, face red, tear tracks trailing down her cheeks. "This bitch ," she snarled, emphasis on the b-word, "stole my boyfriend!" "You said you were over him!" the other girl- Amanda, screamed back. "Besides, you broke up with him a year ago!" "We still had a chance!" Paige shrieked, and so it continued. Oh , Piper thought dully, So that's why . Her efforts to keep the girls apart became less strained as she increasingly became more apathetic. She sort of guessed it was a reason to be upset, but. She still didn't think it justified the mess they'd made, the hair they'd pulled out of each other's heads, and the marks that looked like they'd been left by claws more than nails- and was that blood - that marred both of the girls. Even if they were teenagers, especially teenagers that were daughters of Aphrodite, and somewhat melodramatic. Still in a somewhat dull daze of shock, without thinking, Piper said, "You could just have a threesome." It took her a second and the looks of horror on Paige and Amanda's faces for the realization of what she'd just said to slam in to her like a ton of bricks. "Fuck- I didn't mean- goddammit-!" " No !" both of the girls howled in unison. The rest of her siblings looked like they were torn between laughing or stuffing their faces into their pillows in second-hand embarrassment. Drew, on the other hand, had fallen off the bed in her hysteria and was slamming the ground with a fist as she laughed, too hard for any sound to come out. Piper's face filled with heat, and she slumped against the post of one of the bunks as the sounds of laughter filled her ears. Never again . This was, unfortunately, the first incident of many. XoX Now, in the head of Piper "Beauty Queen" McLean- why she might be one of the worst counselors Cabin Ten had ever had (a list written and edited by, you guessed it, the current cabin counselor herself) 1. Her inability to control herself. (refer back to what is now more widely known as "The threesome debacle" for a better and more amusing (to you only, assholes) explanation. 2. She couldn't even settle a fight between two twelve year-old girls over a poster of her father, of all the celebrities to choose from. Having volunteered for the same situation as those camp counselors from that summer years ago, Piper could now understand and empathize with their suffering. 3. While she had given a fantastic, if she did so say herself, speech on the meaning of love and beauty, she had, conveniently, at the time, forgotten about the uglier parts. Jealousy, envy, and thirsty and unstoppable lust, which she was now getting a taste of. (Thanks for the reminder, Drew.) 4. She can't even manage to correct her siblings' bad behaviour. The children of Aphrodite can be backstabbing, lying, conniving, and manipulative bastards when they want to, or if you get on their bad side. Example A; Paige and Amanda, who make their amends with sugary smiles and words dripping in poison. No one knows who's gonna be the first to strike or when, but someone will. And Piper won't even be able to prevent it. 5. She couldn't even think of a reasonable, morally correct resolution for her siblings' issues with themselves and each other, and their shallow personalities. Not without charmspeak, and that wasn't the right way to do it. XoX Two months passed, along with many fights and rivalries. Piper only had a small amount of control over it, and only when she resorted to her charmspeak. And she was supposed to be the mediator between the Greeks and the Romans? Right. She couldn't even meditate between her own brothers and sisters. One particular evening, she and Drew are the only ones in the cabin. Everyone else is out, gossiping, giggling, whatever they do in their spare time. Piper has no idea, something she's slightly (more like very, though she won't admit it) ashamed of. She hasn't even tried to find out, only going off her own assumptions. "You know," Drew says eventually, breaking the silence that's been plaguing them for the last few minutes. "You could just do what I did." Piper sits up from where she'd been miserably lying (sulking) on her bunk, and glares at the Japanese girl. "Because that really worked." Sarcasm drips heavily from every word. Drew, being Drew, ignores it. "But it did," she points out. "You think any of this shit happened when I was in charge?" She turns back to the mirror she's been using to re-apply her makeup. "As amusing as it is," Drew continues, "It's kind of sad to watch." She shrugs. "You might as well just use charmspeak." Piper raises an eyebrow. "And be like you? No thank you," she says, and returns to her original position, a clear indication that she doesn't want to continue the conversation any longer. Again, Drew being Drew, she ignores the obvious body language. "It's not like you've been making any effort to stop it. For all your talk, you're not so above it yourself, Beauty Queen ." The nickname is spoken mockingly, and she knows that behind her back, Drew is sneering. Piper's cheeks flare in anger (shame) and she gets off her bed. "That's it," she snaps, "I've had enough of your bullshit." And if she slams the door behind her, well. She couldn't care less. The next day, a young eleven year-old girl is making them late for breakfast. "I can't find it," the girl whimpers, seconds away from a panic attack. Her name is Mariana, Piper remembers, and she says it out loud. "What's wrong?" She tries to sound soft, but she just sounds tired and irritated instead. Piper can't help it; she hadn't slept well last night. Her little sister turns wide, watery brown eyes on her. "I can't find it," Mariana whispers tearfully, "I can't find the concealer." "Concealer-?" Piper repeats incredulously, and examines Mariana more closely. She has a couple of pimples on her face, one zit, and. It's really not that big of a deal, especially for a little girl. Piper feels the annoyance that's been building up for weeks finally bubble to the surface. " So what ?" she snaps, previous patience gone, if there even was any at all. "No one is going to care if you have a couple of pimples, alright? One day without hiding it isn't going to ruin your life." Their siblings are staring, silent. Tears fill Mariana's eyes, on the verge of spilling over, and inwardly, Piper groans. Oh, great . On the outside, she sighs, but before Piper can apologize, the girl climbs to her feet, long black bangs hiding her eyes from Piper's view. "Sorry," she says, almost inaudible, and with a quick wipe of her arm across her face, she's out of the cabin, the rest of the kids following. Piper tiredly rubs her eyes before leaving as well. Once they arrive,