This story makes two assumptions at the end of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets; both of which alter the lives of the characters. First, being petrified by the Basilisk scares Hermione. She decides if she might be killed at any time, she doesn't want to wait for Ron to say he fancies her; she tells him how she feels; and they become a couple much earlier than in the unaltered story. Second, Ginny was taken into Chamber of Secrets to lure Harry into coming to save her. Ginny had written in the diary Harry's story of defeating Voldemort as a baby; and Tom Riddle wanted to find out how he did it. As Ginny lies almost dead, Tom Riddle looks into Harry's mind and learns it wasn't Harry, but his mother's protection that defeated Voldemort. Harry has a connection to Voldemort in the later books because a piece of Voldemort's soul entered him as Voldemort's body was being destroyed. Suppose Tom Riddle saw that bit of Voldemort's soul in Harry's mind; and as Harry destroyed the diary, Tom Riddle realized he could save himself by hiding in Ginny's mind as the older Voldemort did in Harry's mind. Then, wouldn't there also be a connection between Ginny and the Voldemort since she also had a piece of his soul inside her? And doesn't if follow that if Harry and Ginny both have a piece of Voldemort's soul inside them; there would also be a connection between Harry's mind and Ginny's mind? This connection between brings them together while only twelve years old. Prolog: The night Ginny Weasley was rescued from The Chamber of Secrets by Harry Potter she was in the hospital wing recovering; and in the next bed was Hermione Granger. She had been unpetrified by the Mandrake potion and was waiting for Madam Pomfrey to release her. When Hermione saw Ginny was awake she asked, "Ginny, why are you here? Were you petrified to?" "No," Ginny said hesitantly "I was taken into the Chamber of Secrets by the heir of Slytherin and Harry rescued me. Dumbledore ordered me to stay here overnight to rest and recover." Startled by this news, Hermione asked Ginny to bring her up to date on what had happened over the past few weeks. Ginny needed to get everything off her chest and told Hermione everything including that she was the person that opened the chamber and released the Basilisk. Ginny ended her story by asking, "Hermione, do you fancy Harry? I know you've been helping him these past two years; but do you fancy him?" "No," Hermione answered "I think of Harry like my brother; actually it's your brother that I fancy. The first time I met him on the train he had a smudge of dirt on his nose and I thought he was cute; but I really started to fancy him after he saved me from that troll our first year. I've been waiting for him to say he fancied me too; but I'm afraid he doesn't." "The reason I asked;" Ginny said "is because I'm in the same situation with Harry. I've fancied Harry since I first saw him but haven't been able to tell him. Now I'm not sure what to do. Listen to what happened. When Harry destroyed the diary and I woke from Riddle's spell, a feeling of rage overcame me; I wanted to attack Harry, to kill him. I'm not sure why. I realized that he had risked his life to come rescue me; but I was furious with him. Perhaps it was a left over feeling from Tom Riddle possessing me. After all he hated and wanted to kill Harry. That feeling of hate lasted only a second and turned into an overwhelming feeling of love for Harry. Not like how I fancied him before; but a feeling that I would die if I couldn't be with him forever. Being possessed by Riddle has changed me. I feel different somehow, courageous and daring, and I've made up my mind to tell Harry about my feelings for him. What happened might be called destiny and I think my destiny and Harry's has brought us together. I feel we need to be together and I'm going to try and convince Harry of that as soon as I can get him alone to talk." "It's funny you should tell me this;" Hermione said "because I feel changed to. While I was petrified, my body was not functioning but my mind was still active. For weeks I heard nothing and saw nothing; I could do nothing but lay there and think. I knew eventually the Mandrake potion would revive me and I began to think how lucky I was not to be dead. If Penelope hadn't been in the library to lend me her mirror I would have looked directly at the Basilisk and been killed. It made me decide, if I may be killed any minute, I shouldn't just keep working for what I want someday in the future; I should go after what I want now. So I've decided to tell Ron I fancy him; I want him to be my boyfriend. Why should I wait for him to say something; I'm going to do the same thing with Ron you are going to do with Harry; convince Ron we belong together. Though Ginny and Hermione knew each other all year the two girls never became good friends and had only talked casually before this; after this they became close friends confiding everything with each other. With all that was happening during the last week of school neither girl was able to carry out their plan and finally both agreed they would each tell their intended boyfriend about their feelings on the train ride home. Altered Lives Chapter I – A Ride on the Hogwarts Express Harry Potter and his two best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, were in a compartment on the Hogwarts Express. The train was taking them home after an eventful second year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Lord Voldemort, Harry's sworn enemy, had once again tried to kill him along with several other students including Ron's younger sister Ginny. They had discussed the events of that year many times in the past week but the ride home found them once again going over what happened. They had locked the compartment door and pulled the shades to prevent other students from entering or overhearing their conversation. While they talked Harry's mind was elsewhere. For the past week, since he saved Ginny, he had been having strange dreams. He had nightmares for years; but these dreams were different. His nightmares had been about events that happened to him; like facing Voldemort to save the Philosopher's Stone and the night he and Ron were almost eaten by the giant spider Aragog's family in the Forbidden Forest. Now alternating with his nightmares he was having dreams of what happened to Ginny. These new dreams were from Ginny's point of view. He dreamed of seeing the blood on her hands as she wrote messages about the heir of Slytherin on the walls; but in the dream they seemed to be his hands covered with blood. In one dream he was speaking in Parseltongue opening the Chamber of Secrets to release the Basilisk; but it was Ginny's voice he heard not his own. The dreams were vivid, so real to him they felt like he was actually there and was reliving memories these events. But not only wasn't he there; Ginny never had time to tell him the details of what happened to her. Harry needed to talk to her, to hear her version of what happened. He needed to know if his imagination was filling in details for his version of what she did; or was this something more sinister. Could he somehow be seeing the actual events in his dreams; after two years at Hogwarts he knew enough to realize nothing was impossible when Voldemort was involved. About an hour into the trip Harry stood up; he intended to find Ginny and learn the truth but wasn't ready to tell Ron and Hermione all of this yet so he said, "I need to stretch my legs; I'll be back soon." As he opened the door Hermione also got up and said out loud, "I'll lock it so Ron and I can talk; knock three short raps when you get back so we know it's you." Then she quietly whispered to him, "Harry, I want to talk with Ron alone for a while; if you would stay away for an hour or so I would appreciate it." He knew Hermione fancied Ron and could guess that she wanted to find out if he fancied her too. Harry looked at her, nodded quickly, and left. Hermione sat next to Ron and said, "Ronald, you know saving Ginny and stopping Tom Riddle and Slytherin's monster from killing students makes you and Harry heroes again this year. Ever since you saved my life from that troll first year I realized how brave you are and I wanted to tell you I think you're amazing." "Thanks Hermione," Ron said with a glow of pride on his face "but Harry did most of what you said; I just sort of helped him the same as you did. He's the real hero, not me." "Harry had to do those things." she said. "He really hasn't had a choice since Voldemort killed his parents and tried to kill him when he was still a baby; it's his fate to face Voldemort. You didn't have to help him, but you did; that what makes you the hero." Ron grinned and said, "Well then, you're a hero to; you did more to help Harry then I did and you didn't have to either." Hermione smiled demurely, something Ron had never seen her do before; then she said, "That's us, two heroes; maybe that's our fate, to help Harry rid the world of Voldemort. It's sort of like we're meant to be together." She reached over and took Ron's hand, something else she never did before, and said very quietly, "Ron, do you think we're meant to be together too?" Being thirteen and having no experience with girls, it took Ron a few seconds to realize what Hermione meant. She fancied him. He had the same feelings for her for over a year now but didn't have the nerve to tell her. He thought to himself, "I'm only Ron Weasley; a nobody; but I have to take this opportunity, "Yes," he said "I think we're meant to be together." He squeezed her hand, but before he could act she leaned in and kissed him. As her lips touched his he recoiled back and said, "What if Harry comes back and sees us?" "He won't," she said "I asked him to give us some time alone and I locked the door when he left. Besides, what if he does see us, I'm not ashamed to let anyone see us kissing; I'd be proud to be seen kissing you." She leaned in again and this time he kissed her; he knew he'd be proud to be seen with her too. As they continued kissing Ron put his arm around Hermione and pulled her tightly against him. Before he left for his first year at Hogwarts, Ron's father had given him a sex talk. He explaining how sex worked, and how Ron would be living in one of the school houses with many girls around all the time; so it would be tempting to start fancying a pretty girl. But, being that he was only eleven years old, and involved with Harry's adventures each year, Ron never became close to any girl other than Hermione. But now he was thirteen and, as he was kissing her, Ron was not thinking of his father's talk; but more about