Disclaimer: I don not own LOTR, DBZ, Inuyasha, or YuYu Hakusho. I thinkthat's all... Well whatever else I use in this story, or any story for that matter, that's copy writted, I don't own it. Just to let you know. But I do own my characters. And any one who uses my characters with out my permission WILL WISH THEY WERE NEVER BORN!!!!!!!! Okay, so go ahead and read on. "Wh-Wha..?" Kaura opened her eyes to see the blue sky with a few clouds overhead. This was not where she remembered to be last time she was conscious. She turned her head to the right a little and saw her Sayian friend, Saikada coming around. "Wh-Where... are we?" the black haired girl asked, her black eyes narrowing. In truth she looked a lot like her father, her hair naturally spiked up like his and her face usually crossed with an unhappy expression. "I..uh..no clue." Kaura replied, flexing her wings a little. Her crimson eyes widening then narrowing as she looked around for their other friend. "Hey, where's Nemesis?" she asked. "I don't know." Saikada answered. "Oh well, she'll find us, after all, she's got to be here, cause she was with us." (A/N: Well what if she's not? Ever thought of that? Huh? Huh? Huh? Hmmmm.. that's a good question, cause I've never thought of that either. But never mind, thinking later, back to story.) "Yeah, you're probably right." Kaura said, standing up and spreading out her black, dragonic wings until the skin about them tightened. "By the way, where'd you get those wings? Never really thought about it. I mean, you're obviously a demon, with the spiky black hair with a jagged white streak in it and the eyes, but where do the wings come in?" Saikada asked. Kaura thought for a moment. "I dunno. Haven't really thought of it myself." she replied with a smile, folding the wings again. Saikada fell over on the ground. (A/N: You know, anime style!) "You mean you didn't even take time to figure that out!!? Much less cared to?!!" the Saiyan yelled as she jumped up. Kaura looked at her, eyes slightly widened. "Mm-mm." she shook her head. "Ah..." Saikada sweat-dropped. "But don't some Saiyans have fangs too?" Kaura asked with curiosity. Saikada gave her a dangerous glare. "Hey, I'm just curious." "You know that curiosity killed the cat." Saikada snarled. "Well there are two reasons why that saying wouldn't work in this case. As the other saying goes, 'but knowledge saved it, (meaning the cat) I'm just trying to gain knowledge so that curiosity wouldn't kill me. And second of all I'm not a kitty." "I know you're not a kitty!!!! It's just a stupid expression! Why do you have to take everything so literally?!" Saikada yelled. "If it's a stupid expression, then how come you used it?" "Why don't you ever..!!!?" and before she could finish... "Hey you guys! Where were you?! I've been looking all over the place for you!!" a girl with ember eyes ran up to them. Her was whitish silver and very long, as it waved in the slight breeze. "We were right here, isn't it obvious?" Saikada asked folding her arms across her chest. "Gee, you really are the daughter of your daddy." Kaura muttered. "What did you say!!!!?" Saikada yelled, holding up a fist and veins immediately popping out on her forehead and hand. "Nothing!" Kaura yelled. Then turned away from her friend. "Aren't we crabby today." "WHAT!!!?" Saikada neared her. "I didn't say anything!" Kaura yelled back. Then turned away again. " Saiyans really do have sensitive hearing." "I HEARD THAT ONE!!!!!! AND NOW YOU'RE DEAD!!!!!!!!" Saikada screamed ready for a punch. "Oh yeah? Well bring it on!" Kaura yelled back again. "Guys.." Nemesis called. It was completely ignored. "YOU'LL REGRET SAYING THAT!!!!!" Saikada pulled her arm back. "Well, come on! I'm waiting!" "Guys.." Nemesis called a little louder. "Oh I'll shut you up!" Saikada charged. "Let's see if you can!!" Kaura got ready to counter. "GUYS, WOULD YOU QUIT FIGHTING FOR A MOMENT, PLEASE!!!!??" Nemesis lost it. Kaura and Saikada froze in the middle of their fight, with Kaura blocking Saikada's punch, her own arm pulled back ready for a strike. "STOP FIGHTING AND LISTEN TO ME FOR A SECOND, ALRIGHT?!!!" Kaura and Saikada gulped slightly and nodded. "Okay, now that you've stopped your bickering..." "That's my daddy's word." Saikada remarked quietly. "I DON'T CARE IF IT'S YOUR DADDY'S WORD OR NOT!!! I USED IT NOW SO THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS, GOT THAT!!!??" Nemesis yelled. Saikada backed off and nodded. "Well, anyway, now that you've stopped fighting, don't you think it'd be kinda nice to figure out where we are?" Nemesis finished. "Yeah that would be kinda nice." Kaura agreed. "Do you guys have any idea where we are?" "No." Saikada answered. "No, but we could look ar.." and then Nemesis was interrupted as voices were heard coming their way. "Is it just me or do those people sound familiar?" Kaura asked after they listened for a moment. "They're more than just familiar!" Saikada yelled, eyes widened with tremendous horror. "It's Vegeta, Hiei, and Sesshomaru!! With all the good guys and the villains!!!!" she added. "WHAT??!!! NOOOOOOOO!!!!" Kaura yelled. "Gotta get outta here... gotta get... hm?.. OH!! Quick! Up there! Hide!" Kaura yelled again, pointing to the lone tree in the plain, under which they were standing. (A/N: The poor tree it doesn't have any friends. It's all alone.) The Saiyan and the demon flew up into the branches without wasting a second, leaving Nemesis to stand on the ground all alone and defenseless. (A/N: Poor Nemesis. But about that defenseless statement, don't you think she could take care of herself after the way she dealt with Saikada and me? Well, I dunno. You figure it out.) "Hey! And where am I suppose to go?!" she asked. "You can climb." Saikada answered. "Not bare trunks." Nemesis said. "Well, then go behind that tree over there!!" Kaura replied pointing. Nemesis looked in the direction her friend pointed and noticing a tree close by, she ran towards it. (A/N: Yey, the tree does have a friend) "Claws probably not long enough." Saikada snorted. "I didn't know you studied demons like her." "Shut up." Meanwhile, the group who frightened the three girls was heading towards the very trees, unsuspecting the trios presence. "What are we even doing here?" Cell, a tall green android asked. "Something important, now shut up." Vegeta snapped, his face crossed with frustration as usual and his arms folded across his chest. "So YOU say." Frieza answered. He was in his final form, looking a lot like an over grown white lizard. (A/N: Oh come on, why did he have to look like that? Lizards are cool!) "So say the majority, now I said shut up!" Vegeta scowled beginning to lose his VERY short temper. "I still think this is stupid. Why couldn't we just stay on Earth?" Cell continued complaining. "This is Earth! Middle-Earth!! Now will you SHUT UP!?" Vegeta yelled. Raditz beside him cackled. "Somebody needs anger management." Cell muttered to Frieza. "WHAT DID YOU SAY?!!" Vegeta yelled now seriously angry. "Uh...nothing." Cell replied. Vegeta scowled at him, but didn't say anything. The big company stopped under the tree in which the unfortunate Kaura and Saikada were hiding. "Hey! Quit pushing!" Kaura hissed at the Saiyan, who was trying to make herself more comfortable on the branch. "I'm not, so shut your trap!" Saikada hissed back, hitting the smaller branch that had an already ripened fruit on it. The fruit shook a little with the branch and then according to the laws of gravity, fell to the ground. On impact, its moist flesh broke, letting the sweet juices spray everywhere. Yet impact not with the ground, but with Cells head. (A/N: Dun, Dun, DU-UN!) Then all down by the tree were aware of the hissing and muttering of words within the branches. "Who's up there!? Come down now!" Cell commanded as everyone looked up. The hissing and muttering quieted. "Did you hear me?!" the android asked. No answer came. "If you do not come down this instant, I'm going to make you come down." Still, no answer. "Alright then." Cell walked up to the trunk and hit it with force. Kaura and Saikada, who were having a hard time keeping balance on the branch as it was, now completely lost it. "YYYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!" a loud shriek came from within the tree as the two were falling through the branches and crashed down on two of the people from the group. Saikada fell on Raditz and Kaura on Inuyasha. The two were talking about battles they've gone through when the two teens fell on them "Ow, my head hurts." Kaura muttered. "Mine's gonna go boom.." Saikada answered. "You can get off of us now." Inuyasha muttered. Kaura and Saikada rolled off the two, letting them get up. The girls were just coming to their senses, when a hideous voice reached their ears. "Well, well, well, what do we have here? The two little brats that have caused so much trouble back on Earth." Cell smirked, and the two got to their feet. "What do you have to say now?" "You're a big, fat jerk and you should go and wash off!!" Saikada yelled and kicking Cell in the shin as hard as she could, the two friends took to the sky at that moment of hesitation. "I'll get the little monkey." Frieza said going after Saikada. "This time, Kaura, you're not getting away." Yusuke scowled, and jumped after the airborne demon. Frieza quickly caught up to Saikada and getting her in a bear hug, he wrapped his tail around her legs to prevent her from kicking. (A/N: Aaaaaaaaaah!!!! Poor Saikada. Wouldn't you feel abused and molested?) "Hey!.. uh..let go of me..! You sick pervert!" Saikada managed to gasp. Frieza didn't reply and flew back to the ground. There, by everyone, he let the poor harassed Saiyan go. Yusuke caught Kaura's leg in mid-air and tried to drag her down. "Hey! Owwy! Let go, you lazy bum!" Kaura yelled trying to shake him off. "No way!" Yusuke yelled, trying to bring her down to the ground. (A/N: Ah! I'm falling! We're falling!... Kung-Pow. I love that movie) "I said let go!!!" Kaura yelled and punched Yusuke in the face. Saikada meanwhile... "Well, well, young Saiyan, ready to answer for all the pranks you pulled on us." Cell smirked, walking towards Saikada. "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Saikada yelled. Then she had to stop, as she was out of breath (I-I wonder why) and ran for her dear life, though she didn't get far. For there was a tree in her way!! (Dun Dun DU-UN!!) BOOM!! The tree went down. Just as it was falling Nemesis jumped out of the way right before it fell on her. "Ow." Saikada muttered, rubbing her sore head. "Hey, Saikada, what's the big idea!? Are you trying to Kill Me!?" Nemesis yelled. Saikada didn't answer for she saw Cell and Frieza coming after her! She got up and tried to run, but the dizziness caused her to fall to the ground again. "Kakarot!!! Save me!! Help!!!" Saikada yelled as Cell grabbed her by the scuff of her neck. "Saikada! I'll save you!!" Goku yelled, running towards the young Saiyan (A/N: Think of Kakarot moving at medium speed, like slower than usual and the 'Indiana Jones Theme' playing in the back-round as he's running towards the poor Saikada) "Oh dear God..." Saikada muttered as she watched him. Vegeta shook his head a little embarrassed but more disgusted than anything else. "Oh no." Saikada said. Then she back fisted Cell in the face and kicked Frieza on the side of the head. Both of the villains went down to the ground. "Time to run!" Saikada exclaimed and flew up towards Kaura, to whom Hiei was talking at the moment. As she