Hey everyone! I know a lot of people wanted chapter three of Just Roommates, and I promise I'll try to get it up soon, but I've been suffering from a bit of writer's block and instead thought fleshing this idea out into a one-shot would be a good way to get myself back on track. I hope you like it - it's my first time trying to write smut and I'm not sure how it turned out. Just a disclaimer: any controversial opinions in this story (especially regarding gay/homosexual people) do no necessarily reflect my own thoughts on the subject. I am truly sorry if anyone is offended by what I've written, so this is just a warning. On that note, please enjoy, and let me know what you think! A Slight Misunderstanding Katniss Everdeen does not like blondes. She decides this one afternoon while sitting in the cafeteria with her best friend, Gale Hawthorne, and his girlfriend, Madge Undersee. Madge, of course, is a blonde, but Katniss likes Madge, mostly because Madge doesn't squeal. This makes her an anomaly. Katniss decides Madge would fit in better with black hair, or maybe even a soft brunette. Not a ginger, though – the temper doesn't fit her mild-mannered friend. She tells Gale and Madge her revelation, and needless to say, they are both entirely too amused. She crosses her arms, annoyed, and scowls at the hilarity her "friends" are currently deriving from her all-too-serious realization. It continues for over a minute until finally Katniss peeks under the table, aims, and kicks Gale hard in the shin. Gale's laughs subside and he pretends to wipe away tears. "Ow. Poor Catnip," he says, reaching out to pat her comfortingly. Katniss pulls away and frowns at him. Madge, still chuckling, pushes her yellow hair back from her face – damn blondes – and drops the napkin she's crumpled in her fist while consumed with mirth. "Leave her alone, Gale," Madge says, returning to her sandwich. Katniss turns her glare on the girl across the table. " You were laughing just as much," she accuses sharply. Madge shrugs, but the edges of her mouth quirk upwards as she takes a bite of bread. "So do tell, Catnip," says Gale, leaning forward on his elbows. He appears fully engrossed in whatever she's about to say, but his grey eyes are twinkling. "Why do you hate blondes so much?" Katniss is just about to throw her hands up in the air and ask who doesn't hate blondes (sorry, Madge) while rattling off a long list – squealing, talking-about-boy-ing, lip-gloss-applying, partying, more squealing – when a burst of high-pitched giggles diverts her attention to a table right in the center of the crowded room, where a group of – who else? – blonde girls is congregated, surrounding another species member of the opposite gender. Katniss may not like blondes, but there's no one she dislikes more than Peeta Mellark. She can barely see him through the commotion of the yellow-haired, twittery females, but her eyes catch movement and knows he must be talking with his hands, the way he always does. He has big hands, and strong forearms, which he always bares by rolling up his sleeves. They must be a product of all the bakery work he does – naturally, his family (parents a happily married couple, 2.4 kids?) owns a small, locally successful business that sells killer cheese buns. Not that she's been there personally. Madge brought them to her once. For some odd reason though, Madge (and the rest of the student body, excepting Katniss and Gale) likes Peeta Mellark. The crowd of girls around the baker's boy shifts and Katniss catches a clear glimpse of him. He's chattering animatedly to Delly Cartwright, whose dirty blonde hair is so straightened it's practically falling out. Like always, he's dressed impeccably with his hair ruffled in casual curls across his forehead and a red sweater pulled over a plaid button-down shirt. Katniss can't see his pants from where she's sitting, but she bets they're khakis. As she watches, Delly lays a hand on his arm flirtatiously, throwing her head back in laughter at something he's said. Katniss sees him flinch, almost imperceptibly, and carefully slip his way out from under Delly's touch. She's not surprised, and not just because Delly resembles a deflated scarecrow. Girls love Peeta Mellark. He must be so used to it. The attention. His looks aren't bad. All the features in the right place. Katniss has heard rumors about his eyes. She's seen the angle of his jaw. He's not tall, but she can appreciate a good body like any other girl. Not that she's noticed or anything. "Katniss? Earth to Katniss. See something you like?" Gale smirks as his gaze follows hers. "Mellark? Are you serious?" "What about Peeta?" Madge asks, sliding back into her seat from where she's just returned from throwing away the remains of her lunch. "Katniss was staring at him." Katniss kicks Gale again, but it's too late, because Madge almost squeals. (But thank God she doesn't). "You were staring at Peeta? Oh, Katniss." Madge clasps her hands together. "He's so cute!" Gale grunts. "You two would be adorable , I mean – oh, wait! He invited me to his party this weekend, you should absolutely come with me!" Gale clears his throat, and Madge cuts off (by this point, Katniss has decided that Madge is just as airheaded as the rest of those blondes stuck on damned Mellark, and has half a mind to tell her so. Also, she's pretty sure her face resembles a strangled tomato. Her olive skin tone doesn't do well with blushing) to turn her eyes on her disgruntled boyfriend and smile sweetly up at him. "You can come, too! I just thought you hated parties." "Did someone say party?" Ah, fuck . Peeta Mellark in all his clean-shaven glory drops into the chair next to Madge. Katniss notes that he is indeed wearing khakis (who would've guessed?) which hug his hips and legs rather flatteringly, and this discovery makes her scowl even more when his knee accidentally bumps hers under the table. She scoots away and narrows her eyes threateningly at both him and Madge, who is beaming like Christmas came early. "Hey, Peeta, what a coincidence!" Katniss tries to kick Madge, too, but instead bangs her toe on the edge of the chair. She grits her teeth. Madge continues innocently, but with a mischievous grin illuminating her features. "I was just mentioning your party on Saturday to Katniss and Gale here." Peeta Mellark's bright blue eyes, accompanied by a smile, wash over her like a tide, and Katniss has to struggle, for just one moment, to keep her menacing façade steadfast. For just one moment. And then the spell is gone and Mellark is looking at Gale. The happiness drips off his face like melting ice, and is replaced by something that seems more like a grimace. "Were you now? And what did they say to that?" Katniss opens her mouth to reply a second too late. Madge's voice slices loudly through the air. "They would love to come!" "Really?" Mellark looks at Katniss beamingly, and she is again stunned by the power of his eyes. She tries to protest, but Madge kicks her, making solid contact on her shin. Fucking ow . "I… uh…" "Yes, really, you silly," Madge answers, and drapes her arm around Mellark in a quick hug. "I'm so excited!" Mellark grins charmingly and straightens his crimson sweater. "Me, too. I'll see you guys around, then. Bye, Madge, Katniss. Gale." He ambles off, and Katniss is disgusted when she finds herself tracing the shape of his butt in those khakis. It's the damn pants. They must make every guy's butt look good . Luckily, Madge doesn't catch her ogling. Madge . Katniss is suddenly quivering with anger. She fights the urge to lunge across the table and grab the blonde girl by the collar, but only because she knows Gale would kill her. Well, actually, she's not sure. Right now, Gale is looking pretty pissed too. Meanwhile, Madge looks so satisfied with herself that Katniss has to physically count backwards in order to calm down. "What… the hell … was that?" " That , my dear Katniss, was your first invitation to a party. Which is being held by a very adorable boy, if I do say so myself, and he seems interested too – I mean, did you see the way he looked at you when you said you would go?" "You mean when you said I would go?" Katniss throws her hands into the air exasperatedly. " I never said anything – I never got the chance! Now I have to go, because I feel morally obligated to, and also I'm a nice person , unlike you scheming little – agh! I hate girls!" Madge remains unperturbed. "No one ever said you had to go, Katniss. I was just giving you the opportunity. And it's a damn good one, too, if I do say so myself. You get the chance to jump the boy of your dreams, I get the chance to see my lovely boyfriend here drunk out of his mind… it's a win-win situation." "Now wait a second," Katniss says. "No one said Gale was going." She shoots him a look. Madge rolls her eyes. " Please . Like you have any say in this matter." The blonde rolls up her sleeves as if she's preparing to fight a linebacker and pivots ninety degrees in her seat to face Gale, resting her palms on his thighs. He inhales sharply. Katniss clenches her fists. "Gale?" Madge begins to inch her hands up his legs, and he swallows visibly. "Will you please go to Peeta's party with me?" " Gale, " Katniss begins warningly, but then Madge leans forward and places her lips to Gale's ear, whispering quickly and softly. Katniss watches in despair as her best friend's cheeks turn a bright red, and he lurches back, easing his girlfriend's touch off of his upper thighs. When he turns to Katniss, she groans. "Katniss, I'm sorry, I –" "Save it," she says. " Fine, I'll go." "Great!" Madge claps her hands, apparently unaware of the fact that she's transformed from sexy seductress girlfriend to bubbly, effervescent blonde chick in about zero-point-two seconds. "This'll be so fun! And you and Peeta will hook up, and me and Gale will… um, anyways, we can totally double date after this is over, it'll be the best –" "Whoa, whoa, whoa." Katniss says. "No. Stop the damn train. There will be no hooking up between me and freaking Peeta Mellark. That is a negative. No. There are so many things wrong with that. Ew. God. Absolutely not. Nuh-uh. Not in a million years." "Methinks the lady doth protest too much," Madge says, winking. "Besides, why are you so against Peeta anyways? What could possibly be wrong with him?" There are lots of things wrong with him, Katniss thinks. Like the way he leads on all those girls who stick to him like barnacles to a ship's hull. Like how she knows he knows that basically the entire school is in love with him, and still he manages to carry himself easily and confidently, flirting with seniors in the hallway. Like how whenever she's running and she sees the football team doing a workout there are always hordes of females crowded around the bleachers squealing whenever he strips his damned shirt off. There's one reason more, and Katniss hasn't shared this with anyone, but she has enough evidence that she's positive it's true. It's because Peeta Mellark is definitely, without-a-doubt, one-hundred-percent gay. She can't tell anyone, though, because it might be one of the only things she respects about him, so instead she shrugs and just says, "I just don't like him, all right?" While Madge sighs and then begins