A/N: This will be a two-shot based on a random idea I got. It's a pseudo-creature!Harry based off of the Strigoi from World of Darkness Changing Breeds. Also, I'm shamelessly ripping off parts of ulktante's excellent fic Benefits of Old Laws , so don't be mean to me over that. Please? Disclaimer: I own neither Harry Potter nor the new World of Darkness. The police never found the fourth resident of the Dursley household. The wife was found in the living room, her throat torn out by what Forensics identified as some kind of claw or claw-like weapon. The husband's death was less humane, his body covered in long lacerations and bone-deep wounds. His back - which was suspended almost three feet from the floor by the sheer bulk of his belly - had large sections torn out and missing, as if they had been severed by a knife or some kind of bladed weapon and the killer had taken it with them. Warnings were put out that it was possible there was a cannibal on the loose. The floor of the hallway where he had fallen was slick with congealing blood by the time the authorities had arrived, but it was not enough to distract for long from the contents of the open cupboard underneath the stairs: a nest of blankets and the crayon scrawlings of a child on the walls, amid the bottles of cleaning chemicals and bleach. At first it was feared that it was the Dursley's son was the one who had been abused, until the child's blatant spoiled nature had been made evident, along with the sheer size of the child. The police were mystified until, over a week later, an officer overheard a neighbour of the Dursleys' commenting to a friend that "It must have been that Potter boy." The following round of questioning revealed that there had been a fourth resident of No 4 Privet Drive, one not mentioned on any census or official documentation. The descriptions all had a few things in common, though. A thin, black-haired troublemaker with a scar on his forehead. The message was put out, although few in the Department had much hope that the child would be found. The kind of strength that would have to be put behind many of the wounds on the Dursleys ruled him out as a suspect - a six-year-old wouldn't be able to drive a knife through a marge man's ribs and shatter them - , and so it was likely that either he or his corpse had been taken by the killers. There was one thing, though, which utterly baffled both the officers who went to inspect the scene and the forensics. Where did the dozens of enormous owl feathers come from, that lay like bloodstained snow on the floor about the corpses? XxXxXxXxX 12 years later, London back alley Dumbledore trudged tiredly down the refuse-strewn alleyway, following what was in all likelihood his last chance to make amends for what he had done, and to end the conflict which was tearing the British wizarding world apart. Voldemort had returned almost seven years ago, now, but had not launched an attack upon the Ministry, or even the public. Instead, he had become an altogether more insidious threat, making use of a number of legal loopholes and - the headmaster was sure - hefty bribes to secure Tom Marvolo Riddle as a separate person to Lord Voldemort, who he had claimed was the personality of an ancient evil wizard which had taken him over while he was exploring an ancient ruin. A sob story and sufficient galleons could get you anything, apparently. After Tom's exoneration, though, he had entered the political arena, riding the wave of sympathy for his 'horrible fate' along with the title of Lord Slytherin right into the Wizengamot chambers, where he quickly established himself as a moderating and reasonable voice. Few bills or laws were proposed by him, but Dumbledore saw far more with his mark upon them. Muggleborns were given jobs which paid enough to maintain a good standard of living, but which would place them far from the forefront of society, comfortably inertial. The right to approve the establishment of a business was moved from the Wizengamot to the local landowners, ostensibly to help reduce bureaucracy. In practice, it meant that it was Pureblood lords who decided who could do business and who could not, barring new families of wizards from any possibility of rising in the world, except by submitting to Pureblood lines. In truth, as terrible as the last war had been, Tom had made himself vastly harder to resist this time around. He had allied himself with the Ministry and shamelessly taken advantage of their near-monopoly on reporting and newspapers to spread his gospel of discrimination. The worst part was the way in which people seemed to simply accept it, as though there was nothing wrong. Which, in the end, was why Dumbledore was here, trying to ignore the unidentifiable liquids which tinted the puddles with odd hues and which were, he was sure, slowly working their way into the leather of his shoes. Without Harry there to act as the instrument of prophecy, resisting Tom would be functionally impossible, and so the aged wizard had directed his efforts to finding the boy and preserving as much political capital as he could for when he had a suitable agent to support. His initial efforts at locating Harry, begun over a decade ago now, had long since failed, both his divinatory magic and the networks of informants. Finally, he had resorted to consulting in the 'shadow world'; the assortment of creatures, squibs, monsters and stranger things which lived in the shadows of the muggle world. Since he had begun his inquiries, Dumbledore had had a number of close scrapes, almost being killed on more than one occasion (the first time had been the consequence of irritating a powerful vampire, the second the result of an indelicate expression in a discussion with one of the wolf-shifters who called themselves Uratha). It was such a contact which had led him here, to the grey and decayed-looking warehouse which squatted as a corroded hulk before him, purportedly the lair of a shapeshifter who specialised in ritual magic. The magic of the shadow denizens frequently operated on different lines to that of wizards, and he was hoping that the difference would be enough to overcome whatever magic was preventing his spells from tracking Harry. He knew that the boy was alive - that was one of the few instruments of his that had not been damaged beyond repair when a series of them exploded in rapid succession twelve years ago - but precious little else. Finally, the aging wizard reached the end of the alleyway, a dull brown door marked with scrawls of black and grey graffiti. This close, Dumbledore could feel a weight, an uncomfortable cold pressure against his skin. Some kind of magic, he assumed. He had been told that the occupant of the building - Cailleach*, they called themselves - liked his privacy. After a moment's fumbling through the detritus which inevitably gathered in pockets, the wizard located the slip of paper he was looking for. Holding it up and shielding it against the light drizzle, he carefully tapped out the sequence of knocks on the door that the slip described. The oppressive feeling lessened, and there was a click as the lock disengaged. Cautiously, Dumbledore replaced the paper and, wand in hand, gently pushed the door open. It moved only a little, before becoming jammed against something. Deciding against simply using magic to move the blockage - shadow-folk were notoriously edgy about people using magic anywhere near them unless they knew exactly what it did - the aged headmaster pushed harder, widening the gap until he could - just - squeeze through. The sight that greeted his eyes made him question the wisdom of his visit. The inside of the warehouse, a space at least as large as the Great hall of Hogwarts, was a labyrinth of books, filing cabinets, crates (some intact, some broken open to reveal everything from magazines to piles of silvery slabs that Dumbledore realised after a moment were the 'laptops' that muggles were going on about nowadays) and stack upon stack of loose papers, teetering up towards the gloom of the ceiling, some 30 feet above. Here and there, strings of odd objects dangled down like strange dreamcatchers or the tendrils of a vast jellyfish, frozen cascades of coloured glass, coins, bottle tops and little bleached bones. To his magical senses, the place fairly thrummed with power, sitting cold and clammy against his skin, like something between a breath of air and the brush of water. It felt almost sticky and Dumbledore wondered how someone attuned to magic could bear to reside in such a place. Where the walls were not obscured by pinned-up papers, clippings and other paraphernalia, their original colour was rendered indistinguishable by marks and sigils scrawled in spray-paint and reddish-brown substances which the headmaster feared he knew the origin of. The whole place had a smell to it, the musty scent of old paper, mixed with the corruption of decay. All was silent, save for the sound of his own breathing, the quiet chimes of the dangling tendrils and the soft crunch-crackle of papers shifting and crumpling beneath his tread as he clambered awkwardly over one of the smaller piles so as to get out of the drizzle. Above the light of the sodium lamps which illuminated the papery wasteland of the warehouse's floor, the aged wizard could just make out the faint shapes of an arrangement of platforms. He would not have notice them, save for the pale light which could be seen over the lip of one. He cleared his throat, a gunshot in the tomb-silence. The light on the platform flickered as something passed in front of it and Dumbledore heard the slightest creak of shifting material, high above. Then there was silence again. It stretched out, moment after moment, until the aging wizard was almost certain that it had been a trick of the light and his dulling senses. "Close the door, would you?" The wizard whirled around, wand whipping out and half-forgotten instincts ingrained during his misspent youth surging to the fore. He just about managed to restrain himself from launching a wordless stunner, but it was a close thing. There, perched on one of the taller filing cabinets, was a boy, perhaps seventeen years of age. More a young man than a child, really. Scraggly black hair hung in unkempt dreadlocks from his head, brushing the shoulders of an ancient T-shirt with 'Green Day' scrawled across it in spiky capitals. Small feathers poked out of the black cascade of hair, seemingly woven in as accessories. His feet were bare, the toes curling over the edge of the cabinet and his legs were hidden beneath a pair of scuffed and faded jeans. His eyes, though, were what drew attention. The irises were a solid yellow and stretched almost to the edges of the eye, so that almost no white could be seen. They were not human eyes, bearing more similarity to those of an owl than to those of a man. They regarded the wizard with an inscrutable intensity. It was an uncomfortable feeling, as though those eyes could see right into him. Dumbledore noticed that the boy's motions always had a certain jerkiness to them, a birdlike poise. "Well go on, you're letting the draught in." Startled from his reverie, Dumbledore coughed awkwardly and grasped the edge of the door, pushing it closed. He turned back to the yellow-eyed man. "Are you Cailleach?" A smile split the boy's face and he sprang up, fairly bouncing on top of the dangerously creaking cabinet. "That would be me. And you're Albus Dumbledore." "Yes-" "No, don't answer; rhetorical question. So, what