A/N: This is my first proper fanfiction here, so if anyone who takes the time to read this could take another minute or two to write me a review and help me improve, that would be more than appreciated. I'm mainly writing this to get some practice in with short stories and concise writing before I start out properly on my novel project, so any help with improving my writing style would be met with open arms. I'm more than willing to offer help in return. Next, some of the material in this story is based off of The Kings Raven's World of Darkness fansplat Leviathan: the Tempest and if you recognise anything from there, it's not mine. Mind you, I am taking some liberties with it, so don't expect it to be identical (for one, it won't be quite as grimdark). This work had not been betaed, although I have done my best to pick up any spelling and grammar errors. Finally, I own neither Leviathan nor Harry Potter. If I owned the former, I would be working on it instead of my own fansplat and if I owned the latter, this would not be fanfiction. Logic. Harry Potter had always loved water. While his parents were still alive, they took him weekly to the swimming centre in the next town over from their cottage at Godric's Hollow and watched him splash around in the pool, seemingly more at home in the water than out of it. They developed a suspicion that he have an extremely strong magical affinity to water, but had no opportunity to find the answer, considering their murder within their own home only a scant few weeks after Lily Potter formulated her theory. Later, after the wand of the Dark Lord Voldemort was discovered in the Potters' nursery (nestled atop a pile of stinking seaweed on the saltwater-flooded floor in front of his crib) and the scar in the shape of a lightning bolt on his head caused him to be touted as the hero of the wizarding world, his foster family, the Dursleys, took him swimming with their own son. They did this more out of fear that one of the neighbours would hear him crying while there were no adults in the house, but they took him nonetheless. They did not do it again. This was because within a minute of climbing into the pool in his boxers – the Dursleys not wanting to spend good money on swimming nappies or trunks – he was giggling merrily and joyfully splashing around, while the water swirled around him like a playful puppy. They snatched him from the water and never returned to that pool again. They thanked their lucky stars that they had gone a couple of towns over and prayed that the gossip did not spread to Little Whinging. Denied the chance to swim, the young Harry made the most of whatever contact with water that he could, luxuriating in the short baths and showers that his aunt gave him every couple of weeks when he began to smell too much. When he was old enough – by the Dursleys' reckoning of five years old – to work in the garden, he looked forwards to the days when the sky was overcast and wept its rainy tears upon him, cooling him and running over his skin beneath his baggy, second hand clothes. Sometimes, when he had some time when he was neither gardening not cleaning nor cooking not doing whatever miscellaneous chore his relatives devised, he would sit outside in the rain and look up into the curtains of falling droplets. Occasionally, he would see patterns or shapes in the rain, patterns which made him think of great sinuous creatures, curling and writhing in the air. Then he would blink and they would be gone, but the feeling remained. A feeling of being regarded and approved of, as if he had accomplished something by seeing them. Harry wondered if that was what having parents felt like. Magic was difficult for Harry. It wasn't so much that it was difficult to use, just difficult to be around. It was like a discordant sound, a warped bell ringing in his ears or like a too-bright light. He didn't like the feel of it, but it was better than the hateful stares and slaps he got from the Dursleys and the big man, Hagrid, was nice and liked him and brought him a birthday cake, so he went with him through the barrier at the back of the run-down Leaky Cauldron and followed him into Diagon Alley. The goblins at Gringotts Bank had been strange and had looked at him strangely as well, as if they could see something in him that set him apart from the others in the great marble hall of the bank. He was glad when they went underground, partly because there were no more goblins – except Griphook – to stare at him and partly because the magic down here was different, somehow. It was bigger, slower and resounded in his bones like a great, throbbing heartbeat. Instead of giving him a headache with its not-quite-brightness, it comforted him with an enveloping warmth and darkness, like a great blanket. He hardly even registered Hagrid stopping the cart to take a small item from an otherwise empty vault and only snapped out of his comforted stupor to marvel at the piles of gold in his trust vault and to gather up a few handfuls of the enormous coins to put in the pouch that Griphook handed him with a sharp-toothed smile. The wizard in the wand shop, Ollivander, was quite strange, even by what Harry had seen of wizards so far. He pottered around his shop, taking one wand after another, thrusting them into Harry's hands, only to tear them away a second later, muttering under his breath about 'awkward children' and 'core-length-phlogiston channel differentials'. Eventually, he reverently placed a wand which he declared to be 11 inches, made of holly and with a core of phoenix feather in the boy's hand, before looking utterly mystified when it twisted itself up and cracked the moment it touched his skin, as if it was wringing itself out. Eventually, he settled Harry with a 7 inch wand of intertwined ivy and sequoia wood. He explained that the core of the wand was one of the heartstrings of an aspidochelone, an enormous shelled whale known for tricking sailors into landing upon its back and then drowning them. He warned that the wand was, although powerful, likely to be stubborn and opinionated, before charging the young wizard 10 Galleons for the wand and the rare materials used in its construction. The wand felt good in his hand, like it belonged there. He left Ollivander's shop with the old wandmaker's last pronouncement ringing in his ears. "I think that you will accomplish great things, Mr. Potter. Although I'm not so sure that you'll need my wares to do so." After enduring a last few weeks with the Dursleys and a bit of a fiasco trying to find the entrance to Platform 9 ¾ (he eventually located it by listening to the off-note that the magic of the barrier struck in his head), Harry boarded the Hogwarts Express, a train pulled by a garishly red steam locomotive. He arrived at the castle some hours later, having had the peace and quiet of his claimed compartment violated by over a dozen people. First, a redhead named Ron Weasley had barged in and demanded to see his scar, before being laughed out by a platinum-blond who proclaimed himself to be Draco Malfoy, a Personage Of Quality. He eventually left the compartment after being ignored in favour of watching the rain outside, as did his two minions, Crabbe and Goyle, apparently. After being led away from Hogsmeade Station by the same Hagrid who had helped him around Diagon Alley, Harry was delighted to learn that Hogwarts was situated next to a lake, unimaginatively called the Black Lake. He wondered if students were allowed to swim in it. The castle itself was at once beautiful and horrible to Harry. It looked magnificent, its many lighted windows picking it out against the dark sky. It stood like the spiked crown of some entombed giant-king, a millennial guardian over the lands surrounding it and the lake in its shadow. To his newly-dubbed 'magic-sense', though, the castle was horrific, even from just at the door. It seemed to sing in a thousand discordant tones, each loud enough to rattle his bones and together making him want to cover his ears to block it out, although he knew that that would do nothing to help. He only hoped that he would become accustomed to it, as he had to the magic of his school things. He hoped it happened soon. The Sorting Ceremony which so many of the other first years seemed to be fretting over turned out to consist of putting a talking hat on one's head and letting it shout out what house you were going to be in. After a small hiccup during which the hat commented that the inside of his head was quite uncomfortable for it, it sorted Harry into Gryffindor House, the house of the brave and the reckless. Also the house where his parents went, if the ha was to be believed. Between learning to turn beetles into buttons and levitate feathers, the at once suspicious and adoring stares of the rest of the student population and viciously difficult Potions homework, time passed swiftly at Hogwarts. The first major incident happened on the night of Halloween, when a troll appeared in the school, announced by the stuttering Defence Against the Dark Arts professor, Quirinus Quirrel. Harry lived up to his House, going to fetch the bookish Hermione Granger who had not come to the Halloween feast after Ron Weasley's hurtful words to her leaving Charms. Unfortunately, it turned out that the troll was in fact on the second floor, not in the dungeons where Professor Quirrel had claimed it to be. It had cornered Hermione in a bathroom and, in desperation to stop it, Harry had pointed his wand at it and shouted the first thing which came to mind. To anyone else, the syllables would have been sibilant and unpleasant to hear and the magic that erupted from his wand and enveloped the troll would have been like swamp-filth and broken glass on the skin, entwined with unfathomable cold and awful pressure. To Harry, it just felt right, as if this was the magic he should have been using all along. It burrowed into the troll's body like writhing worms or the pseudopodia of an amoeba, uncaring for the troll's magically-resistant skin. It permeated its flesh, turning its blood to putrid seawater and filling its lungs with filth and alien bacteria. It collapsed, coughing up water and slime. Harry grabbed Hermione's hand and ran back to Gryffindor Tower, tasting blood in his mouth. He never realised that it was from his own teeth, which had become needle-like and pointed, puncturing his gums. By the time he reached his dorm, they had receded again, leaving only ordinary, human, teeth in his mouth. Following the incident with the troll, Harry struck up a firm friendship with Hermione. The two formerly-lonely children found solace in one another's company, even if Hermione sometimes irritated him with her insistence upon the following of rules and excessive study time and him her with his obsessive love of water. The teachers concluded that the troll must have got on the bad end of one of the castle's many wards and protections, for after all, what child could cast a spell powerful enough to kill a full-grown mountain troll? The rest of the year passed mostly without incident. Hagrid's hut burnt down at one point and there were rumours that it was a baby dragon that