Will folded the bandages, putting them neatly back in the storage cabinet. The infirmary was empty for the night, a rare treat for Will. He would be able to go to bed without worrying about the poor demigods forced to stay overnight, and it was the first night in three days that the corner bed hadn't been occupied by a surly son of Hades, who had practically fled from the infirmary as soon as Will had deemed him well enough. Will felt a twinge of disappointment as he walked over and straightened up the empty bed. He ran his hands over the cold, clean covers. He shouldn't feel bad about how fast Nico had left. He had been here for three days, after all; anyone would be eager to get out. But something inside Will wished that he had stuck around for a while, if only to keep him company. He thought that after three days they could be classified as friends, maybe even- No, Will thought, jerking his hands off of the empty covers as though he had been burned. He was reading way too far into their relationship. Not that they had a relationship, of course. Will stepped into the dying light and took a big breath of fresh air. He had been cooped up in the infirmary all day, trying to keep himself busy now that his most time-consuming patient was gone. He turned his eyes towards the sun, which was setting over the lake, and frowned. His father had been out of commission ever since the war had ended, and now, instead of the customary rush of warmth he used to feel whenever he looked at the sun, he just felt cold with worry. He had never met his father in person, but he was afraid of what was happening to him now that he had incited Zeus's fury. Dinner had already started, and the camp was empty as Will strolled through it towards the Great Pavilion. It was full of campers eating and talking, and laughter filled the air. The shock of the war was wearing off, and now that they had managed to put the camp back together normalcy was returning to their lives. As Will walked over to the Apollo table, waving at all the campers calling out greetings to him, he glanced at the Hades table, expecting to see Nico there, hunched alone over his food. He had been planning on sitting with him after he had been released from the infirmary, but if Nico was sick of him he didn't want to push his company on him. He just wanted to make sure he was eating. He frowned when he saw the table was empty. Changing his course, he headed to the Poseidon table, where Percy was eating with Annabeth, who had completely disregarded table rules since the war had ended. "Hey, Will," Percy greeted him with a grin as he approached. "How's our favorite patient?" "I released him earlier today," Will said. "I was actually coming to ask if you'd seen him." Annabeth frowned and glanced at the empty table. "We thought he was still with you in the infirmary." "He's probably hiding out in his cabin," Percy said, taking a bite of pizza. "You know Nico; you'd need an army to drag him out to meals." Will sighed. "I specifically instructed him not to skip any meals. He needs all the weight he can get." Looking once more at the Hades table, he said, "I'm going to go get him out here." Percy glanced at Annabeth, who was smirking. "I'd say you'll be much more efficient than an army," he said, his lips twitching. Will frowned. "What?" "Nothing," Percy said, taking another bite of pizza. Will was fuming as he stalked across the camp to the Hades cabin. It figured that Nico wouldn't even heed his most basic instruction. He's probably been shadow traveling all day, too, Will thought as he stomped up the steps of the dark cabin. "Nico!" he called, pounding on the door. "What did I tell you about eating? You've got to do it !" He waited for Nico to shout at him to go away, or open the door to glare at him. When nothing happened, Will frowned. "Nico?" he asked, knocking again. When still more silence greeted him, he hesitated. It would be an invasion of privacy to just enter, but if Nico needed help, Will needed to know. Maybe he couldn't answer. Maybe he had hurt himself, or relapsed. Or maybe he was just sleeping and Will was just over-reacting. He needed to find out. "Nico, I'm coming in," he called, turning the cold black handle and pushing the door open. It swung open with an ominous creak Will was sure Nico kept un-oiled on purpose. He blinked as he looked around the small room, his eyes adjusting to the darkness. There were only two beds inside, with blood-red sheets and black trimming. Will let his eyes fall first on one, then on the other. They were both empty. His heart was beating uncomfortably loudly as he stepped inside, peering into every corner to make sure Nico wasn't just hiding. "Nico?" He opened the door to the bathroom, feeling guilty for the violation. "Nico!" He wasn't there. Will walked back outside, feeling very hot all of a sudden. Something wasn't right. Percy and Annabeth were laughing about something when he bounded back into the pavilion, flustered and worried. The Hades table was still empty. "Will?" Annabeth asked when she spotted him. She got to her feet, her stormy eyes wide as she took in his panic. "What's wrong?" "Nico's not in his cabin," Will said, his eyes scanning the other campers. Percy frowned. "He's not? But-" "What's going on?" It was Jason and Piper, who had spotted Will from the Zeus table. Jason squinted at him through his glasses. "Will?" "Nico's not in his cabin or at dinner," Annabeth said briskly, starting towards the exit. Percy scrambled to follow her, shoving the last of his pizza in his mouth. Jason looked taken-aback. "I thought he was still in the infirmary! I saw him this morning." Will narrowed his eyes. "Did you sneak in again ?" "I was bringing him some cookies!" Jason said, his cheeks red. "I told you that Nico needed rest-" "Not the time!" Piper interrupted. She grabbed Jason's hand and dragged him after Percy and Annabeth. "Let's go look for him. He's probably just getting some practice in while the rest of the camp is at dinner." The five of them split up and took different parts of the camp. They sent Will back to the infirmary and the Big House on the off chance that Nico had gone back for some reason. Will doubted it, and only glanced inside the infirmary briefly before sprinting up to the house and thoroughly investigating the staff room, even peeking into the attic to make sure Nico wasn't skulking up there. As he stepped outside again he rubbed his sweaty palms on his jeans. He took a deep breath, trying to curb his worry. He was overreacting. The others had probably already found him ripping practice dummies into shreds with that sword of his. He had been itching for action for the past three days, and although Will had told him to take it easy, it was doubtful he had taken that advice to heart. Will's heart dropped to his stomach when he reached the pavilion again and saw the other four waiting for him. Nico was nowhere in sight. "We looked everywhere," Piper said, her brow furrowed with worry. Next to her, Jason was shifting his weight from foot to foot, agitated. "He's not in camp." "He might have gone back to Camp Jupiter," Percy said. "He did say he wanted to visit Hazel," Jason said. Will pressed the palms of his hands to his eyes. "I told him not to shadow travel unless it was an emergency!" he groaned. "This is Nico we're talking about," Jason said, running a hand through his hair. It stood up on end as though he had just been electrocuted. "He's not good at listening. Or self-preservation, for that matter." "We can send Hazel an Iris message," Percy said, nodding in the direction of his cabin. "Come on, that idiot's probably discussing strategy with Reyna right now." Nico was not discussing strategy with Reyna. Hazel was laughing as she accepted the message, her eyes sparkling. "Hello?" she said, beaming out at them all. Her smile died slightly when she saw their worried expressions. "What's wrong?" "Is Nico with you?" Will asked, pushing to the front of the crowd gathered in front of the fountain. Hazel frowned. "Nico? No, I haven't seen him since I left." Her expression changed as Will's face dropped. "Why? Is everything okay?" "Nico's not at camp," Annabeth said. "We thought maybe he had come to visit you." Hazel shook her head. "No, he hasn't been at Camp Jupiter. Unless- maybe he's with Reyna?" "Who's with Reyna?" Frank swam into view behind Hazel, grinning. "Hey, everyone." "Nico's missing," Hazel said. Frank's grin dropped from his face. " What? " "Can you go ask Reyna if she's seen him?" Hazel asked. Frank nodded, his expression grim, and disappeared. Will stepped away from the group, his arms crossed tightly. He felt sick. A thousand different scenarios swam through his mind, each of them more gruesome than the next. Had Nico been attacked? Was he lying underneath some tree in the forest right now, bleeding to death? Had he been kidnapped? Was there another camp that he hadn't told them about and he was visiting right now? What if he was in trouble? What if he had left? Will's head swam with possibilities. He covered his face with his hands, trying to calm down. Nico couldn't have left. He'd promised he wouldn't. "Will?" Will jumped when a hand rested on his shoulder. He spun around to see everyone watching him, worried expressions on their faces. Even Hazel was peering at him, her face rippling in the mist. Piper was touching his shoulder, concerned. "Are you alright?" she asked. "What?" Will asked. He shook his head, trying to shake off the frown he felt on his face. "I'm fine, why?" "We know you're, uh, close to Nico," Percy said. He flushed slightly, glancing at Annabeth. "And, uh-" "I'm not close to Nico," Will said automatically. Nico had made that perfectly clear. "I'm his doctor. I'm responsible for his wellbeing." Jason raised his eyebrows. "Will-" "Nico's missing?" Reyna stepped into frame, and the attention lifted from Will, who didn't even have it in him to breathe a sigh of relief. He looked at Reyna and his heart plummeted again. He knew it without her saying anything; she hadn't seen him. "He's not with you?" Percy asked. Reyna frowned. She looked better than she had when the war had ended, but there were still dark bags under her eyes, and her braid was a little more disheveled than usual. It seemed that getting Camp Jupiter back together was wearing on her nerves, though she would never admit it. The worry lines on her forehead deepened as she shook her head. "No, I haven't heard from him in days. I assumed he was still recovering." "He was until this morning," Will said. "I let him out of the infirmary and he- he disappeared." Hazel and Frank hovered behind her. Hazel was pale, her face drawn with worry. "I'm coming over," she said. "We need to look for him." Reyna nodded her agreement. "I have to stay here," she said. "Besides, if he does show up here, someone needs to be around to send word." "We'll get together a search party," Annabeth said. She glanced around at her friends, her gaze lingering on Will. Her eyes softened. "We'll find him," she said, still staring at him. Will turned away. Images