PJatO || Trenderam || PJatO || TomCalEli || Prom Queen || TomCalEli || PJatO || Trenderam || PJatO Title : Prom Queen – Raser Family Crisis Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, threesome, crossdressing, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, masturbation, rimming, h/c, self-esteem issue, eating disorder (mentioned), hetero Main Pairing : Tom/Cal/Eli, Tenderam Side Pairings : Yone/Corny, Sander/Donny, Herc/Thea, Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo Own Characters : Hades Poseidon di Angelo, Chrysander Rodriguez, Theadora Tiphane McLean, Hercules Grace, Samuel Elijah James Raser III, Derek Rhys, Trend Ignatius Austin Own Characters of the Third Generation : Children of Trend/Derek/Sam : Cornelia Salene Raser, Samuel Elijah James Raser IV, Colene Raser, Michael Ignatius Raser, Clover Raser Son of Sander/Donny : Calogero di Angelo Son of Herc/Thea : Tomazius Grace Son of Marshall/Sara : Yone Mikaelson Children of Luke/Thess : Niccoló Perseus Chase, Annabeth Piper Chase Summary : Future fic, set in 2054. Focusing on the Raser-family. Their oldest daughter Cornelia Salene has her last prom coming up and she's looking forward to going with her boyfriend. Her younger brother Eli however is very busy pouting, because Tom Grace is in Cornelia's class so he's graduating too. And Tom is, of course, going to take his boyfriend Cal di Angelo with him. Not that Eli doesn't want for Cal to go, but he'd actually kinda-sorta like to go with them. Also features: Proud grandma!Percy and protective grandpa!Nico. Prom Queen Raser Family Crisis The Raser household was always bursting with life. Mostly so because the Rasers shared a duplex house with the di Angelos. Trend, Derek and Sam owned one half of the pretty duplex house, while Sander and Donny owned the other half. Most of the time, that fact gave Derek a headache, because at least one of the seven di Angelo spawns would be at their place constantly. And if it wasn't one of the juniors, it was one of their parents. As of now, it was Donny, wolfing down what was supposed to be Derek's lunch after a stressful day. The son of Demeter glared slightly. "Mh, I love Sam's veggie lasagna", moaned Donny and took another fork full of the food. "So do I, which is why my wife made me the lasagna", growled Derek with a pout. Donny giggled, as he always did when Derek called Sam his wife, but he didn't stop eating. Derek couldn't believe that he let the Disney Princess invade his home and eat his food, but many things had changed in the past twenty years, he guessed. He stole some of his own food. "Dadaí? Where's ma and pa?", asked a small voice, a hand tugging on Derek's pants. Derek averted his eyes from his unwelcomed guest – he regretted that they had installed a connecting door between their living rooms, because the di Angelos just came and went whenever they pleased. Next to him stood his youngest child, seven years old Clover. His little girl, a legacy of Demeter, with Trend's dark, gray eyes and Sam's peanut-colored hair. Smiling down at his daughter, he lifted her up onto his lap. It was amazing, that power of Trend's. A child, being born from a thought. Like all children of Athena. And to think up a child like that, one didn't need a man and a woman – just like how Piper and Annabeth Chase had their children – but they also weren't exactly limited to two parents. A child, having three biological fathers. "You know they have to work, garden flower", murmured Derek and kissed her cheek. "But I wanna have ma bake me cookies", demanded Clover with a pout. "Your children are as demanding and focused on Sam as you are", pointed Donny out, obviously amused. "You want to come with me, Clover? I'll go and visit the Hoods." "Yay!", exclaimed Clover, her eyes sparkling in delight. "Can I dad, please?" The Hoods, aka Donny's baby brother Jack and his husbands Hunter and Hayden. As well as their three devil spawns. Derek blamed his obviously bad karma that his youngest child had to become best friends with the youngest Hood spawn named Hayley. "Whatever", sighed Derek and nodded. "As long as you get auntie Donny out of our house." "Don't teach your children to call me auntie!", objected Donny with a glare and stood. He stuck his tongue out at Derek and took Clover by the hand, leading the little girl out of the house. Derek heaved a relieved sigh. He was down one di Angelo and one child. Maybe a little peace of mind then. Their life was pretty stressful. Trend was a doctor in the Asclepius Aid Hospital's emergency room. Sam was a lawyer for the Demigod Protective Service. Which translated to Trend working shifts and Sam sometimes making over-hours. Though even with the over-hours, Sam was never home after seven – and those were the big exceptions, normally Sam would be home between three and four in the afternoon, if he had to leave for work at all. The good thing was that he could work from home most of the times, aside from when he had to go and tend to a demigod in person. That had been especially handy when their kids had still been very small. Derek on the other hand had a good deal when it came to hours, because he only worked at the morning till noon. He had opened up a flower shop called The Flower Palace together with Melissa Montgomery and Phylicia Rosenberg. Phyl was practically living for the shop, she was always in from the morning until the evening, while Mel preferred the afternoon shifts and Derek preferred the morning shifts so he could be home for lunch and take care of the kids once they came home from school. He liked it that way. He had been alone for too long, after his father had passed and when he came to New Athens, he had only had Sam for the longest of time. So his family, they meant the world to him, because he never actually had gotten to have something like that. It was awfully silent, which was always a good moment to check on the other kids. Putting the dirty dishes aside (still hungry because Donny had devoured nearly all of it on his own), he made his way upstairs to see what the other little Raser-rascals were up to. "Michael? Mikki? Hey, kiddo, what are you doing?", asked Derek softly and entered Michael's room. "You're being so quiet, kiddo. Everything okay?" Mikki was their second youngest child, only three years older than Clover. His room was the second one on the right of the stairs, next to Clover's, but since Clover was gone now, Derek started his tour with Michael. Mikki was sitting on his bed with the colorful cartoon owls printed on the sheets. The ten-years old looked up from his book with owlish storm-gray eyes. Right, stupid Derek. When Mikki was quiet it was because the boy had his nose buried in a book. Legacies of Athena, as boring as the real deal. But Mikki had Derek's dark hair, so at the very least he wasn't entirely Trend. "Harry Potter!", exclaimed Michael and waved the book around in front of Derek. "I think you're too young for that", frowned Derek and shook his head. "You're only ten and there's death and danger and monsters and bad people in those books." "Harry's eleven", countered Michael stubbornly. "Yeah, that's one year older than you are now", stated Derek with one cocked eyebrow. "Please, daddy!", whined Michael with large, gray eyes and quivering lower-lip. "Urgh", sighed Derek and rolled his eyes. "Okay, fine. But no crawling into our bed because you have nightmares about Voldemort, kiddo. You got that?" "Don't say his name!", exclaimed Michael scandalized, clasping his hands over Derek's mouth. Derek grinned amused as he freed himself from his son's grasp. So adorable the kid. Ruffling his hair again, he placed a kiss on the wild, dark curls and handed Mikki his book back. "You okay on your own then, yeah?", asked Derek, Mikki nodding. "Good. I'll go and check on your sisters. Be a good boy and maybe we'll watch the movie tonight when pa and ma come home?" Mikki eyed his book critically. He was only half-way through the first books. He nodded wildly. "Okay! I'll finish the book until then!", declared the legacy of Athena determined. Derek nodded shortly and left the child's bedroom, knowing that Mikki liked to have peace and quiet to read. It was concerning for Derek that their little boy was such a loner and bookworm, but Trend liked to say that it was completely fine for a child or legacy of Athena to enjoy the solitude of being alone with a book and who was Derek to argue with that stubborn son of Athena? Next was Colene's room. Colene was his little angel – the girl with his green eyes and the broad, blonde princess-curls. Looking all innocent and lovely, but oh that little legacy of Ares and Athena could really kick ass. Colene was a fighter, just like Sam and Trend. And Derek loved that about her, because she reminded him of his two lovers. "Hey, my angel. What are you up to?", asked Derek as he entered her room. "I'm bo—ored, daddy", whined Colly, whirling around on her swirly chair. "Where's mommy?" The daughter who was at fault for the kids calling Sam ma. She hadn't understood, even at a tender age, why she only had dads and not a single mom, so she had decided that she too deserved a mom. And since Sam was not only a little obsessive-compulsive about keeping everything orderly and clean, but Sam was also the only one who really could cook, Colly decided that those were mommy-trades (after observing other families very closely). Derek got a kick out of that and it had only made him love the girl more. After all, Sammy was his wife, so why shouldn't the pretty son of Ares also be the mother of his children? Colly was probably most resembling Derek. "Why are you bored? Go outside. Go to the Jackson la Rue and train there. Meet your friends. Eat ice-cream. But don't sit here and whine", grunted Derek and shook his head. "Auntie Sara has classes today...", mused Colene thoughtful. Sara had moved to New Athens when she had married Marshall and both of them had started as trainers at the Jackson la Rue dojo when Clarisse and Percy became a little too old to hold the classes themselves. And Colene adored her aunt Sara. "Well then, go and bug auntie Sara", ordered Derek amused. "But be back for dinner. Your ma planned on cooking chicken and lots of noodles, for the sake of your little sister." "Wouldn't want to miss ma's cooking for the world", chimed Colene and placed a kiss on Derek's cheek. "I'll be back before dinner, promise. Oh, and check on Eli, he's being weird again." "Don't call your brother weird, Colene!", called Derek after her, glaring a little. But the girl was already out of the room and on her way down the stairs. Derek heaved a sigh. He loved all their children, he really, truly did, but Eli was... complicated. Colene was right with that one. Not weird, Derek didn't like to hear his kids being called weird. It was just that Eli was different. Eli – Samuel Elijah