PJatO || LittleBigThreesome || Life at Novus Olympus Academy || LittleBigThreesome || PJatO Title : Life at Novus Olympus Academy – Demigodly High School Fun Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; semi-alternate Universe Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, threesomes, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, doubling, D/s, light breath-play, orgasm denial, bondage, toys, spanking, self-esteem issues, past child-abuse, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Jason/Percy Side Pairings : Jason/Percy (established), Luke/Octavian, Ethan/Alabaster, Jake/Will, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Charles/Silena, Chris/Clarisse, Malcolm/Katie, Grover/Juniper, Bryce/Drew, Nathan/Gwen, Dakota/Leila, Michael/Calypso, Shane/Lacy, Lou/Miranda, Reyna/Piper, Bianca/Annabeth, Zeus/Hera, Hades/Persephone, Ares/Aphrodite, Thanatos/Triton, Lycaon/Lupa, Chiron/Chariclo Percy Jackson Characters : College Students : Thalia Grace, Octavian Simmons, Luke Castellan, Nathan McIntosh, Charles Beckendorf, Silena Beauregard, Lee Fletcher, Hylla Ramírez-Arellano, Kinzie Cohen, Phoebe Burge, Zoe Nightshade Seniors : Clarisse la Rue, Jake Mason, Katie Gardner, Ethan Nakamura, Gwendolyn Ryder, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, Michael Yew, Castor Liber, Pollux Liber, Butch Walker, Bryce Lawrence Juniors : Perseus Jackson, Bianca di Angelo, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Annabeth Chase, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Nyssa Black, Chris Rodriguez, Alabaster C. Torrington, Michael Kahale, Drew Tanaka, Sherman Potter, Mark Meyer, Clovis Daver Sophomores : Jason Grace, Leo Valdez, Frank Zhang, Piper McLean, Dakota Elle, Leila Fischer, Will Solace, Naomi Walters, Celyn Richards Freshmen : Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Malcolm Cage, Miranda Gardner, Mitchell Logan, Lacy Hunnigan, Shane McNabb, Austin Barton, Kayla Hein, Hank Banks, Marcus Jones, Jacob Schmidt Elementary School : Tyson, Ella, Christopher Clark, Harley Davis, Bobby Fillmore, Larry Lance Animals : Small Bob, Mrs. O'Leary, Argentum, Aurum, Blackjack, Arion, Tempest, Scipio, Guido Godly Characters/Staff of the Novus Olympus Academy : Zeus (mayor), Hera, Poseidon (PE/Swim Coach), Triton (Assistant Coach), Thanatos (Security), Hades (History), Persephone, Demeter (Biology), Ares (PE/Football Coach), Aphrodite (Cheerleading Coach/Art), Hephaestus (Mechanics), Athena (Literature/Librarian), Apollo (Music), Artemis (PE/Archery Coach), Hermes (Geography), Dionysus (Economy), Nemesis (Math), Hecate (Chemistry), Eris (Physics), Hestia (Counselor), Lupa (Roman Principal), Lycaon (Roman Vice-Principal), Chiron (Greek Principal), Chariclo (Greek Vice-Principal), Iapetus/Bob (Janitor) Summary : In a world with demigods, but without the camps. There is a boarding school on Olympus, where demigods live, train and learn. The Greeks are led by Thalia Grace, the Romans by Jason Grace. The Greeks have Percy Jackson, the son of Poseidon, the Romans have Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto. There is a balance between the Big Three and between Romans and Greeks. That balance completely tips off when Nico and Bianca appear from seemingly nowhere. Life at Novus Olympus Academy Demigodly High School Fun Chapter 1: Three Broken Boys Percy had his backpack shouldered, his Letterman jacket tied around his waist. He contemplated skipping English literature – Lady Athena was generally a pain in the ass anyway and he already missed most of it thanks to the student council meeting. The perks of being the local son of Poseidon. As much as those student council meetings were a pain in the ass, at least they meant he could get out of some of his classes due to them taking entirely longer than anticipated. The decision was taken from him when he was pulled into the janitor's closet without a warning. He would have yelped, but a firm hand clasped over his mouth. The other hand was around his throat, not choking him but tight enough to hold him in place and excite him. Jason was damn lucky that Percy recognized his summer-breeze scent and the way those calloused fingers fit around his throat, because otherwise, Jason would already be face-first on the floor with at least one broken arm. Knowing it was his boyfriend however, Percy played along. He could hear how Jason closed the door loudly and then pressed Percy against the cold steel-door face-first. Sure that Percy wasn't going to scream and now realized it was him, Jason slipped his hand from Percy's mouth down to his crotch, palming Percy's erection slowly yet firmly through the denim. "What brings this on?", panted Percy, arching into the touch. "No talking", growled Jason, biting Percy's jugular hard. "Naughty boys don't get to talk." "Naughty?", echoed Percy ridiculed, arching one eyebrows. "I don't remember-" The grip on his throat tightened and the hand palming his half-hard member stopped to go around Percy's waist to slap his ass pretty hard. Percy jumped at first. Jason wasn't one for spankings, regardless of just how much Percy begged for them. As much as Jason loved to control Percy, he didn't particularly like hurting Percy. Regardless of how much Percy insisted that a spanking wasn't exactly hurting him and that he very much wanted it. So this? Meant Jason was pissed. "You know how much I hate it when you side with Castellan ", growled Jason irritated. He slapped him again, harder and on the other cheek. Percy shuddered pleased. Yes, he knew just how much Jason hated it when Percy sided with Luke during a student council meeting. Which was one of the main reasons why Percy did it. The fact aside that the Greeks often stuck together. The Novus Olympus Academy was not like any ordinary school. It wasn't even just one school. It was a pentagon layout of six buildings – five of them surrounding the central building. Kindergarten, elementary school, middle school, high school and college. All five institutes around the building with cafeteria, library, teacher's lounge, gym and indoor pool. Surrounding those five buildings were the dormitories, always lining up with the corresponding school building. The layout and structure of the school was not what made it oh-so special and unique however. No, the location, staff and student body were what made it so unique. Novus Olympus laid at the foot of Mount Olympus, in the realm of the ancient gods. Who were the teachers. And their demigodly children were the students. Many things had changed since the ancient times when the gods used to be worshiped and their heroic demigod children were loved by mortals. Things had been a bit rough over the past centuries, so the gods had adjusted how they went about things. Mortals forgot about gods and monsters and demigods, so demigods had to hide too. The academy was build on Olympus to keep the demigods safe. They learned from the gods directly, most of the time the minor gods of whom there were hundreds, but often the Olympians themselves would teach a class or two. It was important to form a bond between the gods and their children, a way to create loyalty. The gods had sired children as both Romans and Greeks, so the student body was in a way split. And so was the student council. Five Greek members and five Roman members, to make it even. The augur Octavian Simmons, seer of the Romans, as well as his Greek-counterpart the Oracle of Delphi, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, were two members. It had always been tradition to have someone who foretold the future in the society of heroes and in those important positions, they also had to be part of the student council. The biggest part of the council was taken up by the children of the Big Three. Just like their godly parents, they took to being rulers and leaders. The Romans had Jason Grace, son of Jupiter, as well as Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto. The Greeks on the other hand had Thalia Grace, daughter of Zeus, and Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon. The four most powerful demigods in existence. Seeing as those four had become council members by sheer blood-relation, both sides also had two voted-in-members. Those selected leaders were, on the Greek side, Luke Castellan, son of Hermes, and Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena. The Romans countered them with Reyna Ramírez-Arellano, daughter of Bellona, and Frank Zhang, son of Mars. Which brought Percy back to the now. He and Jason were both members of the student council, seeing as they were both sons of two of the Big Three. But Percy's foremost loyalty still laid with Thalia, Luke, Annabeth and Rachel – his fellow Greeks. The problem at hand however was that Luke was an incredibly flirty person, so whenever Percy was agreeing with Luke, Jason saw it as Percy openly agreeing to Luke's flirting. Which was utter bullshit and Percy knew that deep down, Jason knew that too. Still, the jealous Roman always reacted strongly to student council meetings. Percy groaned blissfully as Jason finally peeled the jeans down to pool around Percy's ankles. As nice as being groped was, he preferred proper sex. He could hear Jason behind him unzipping his own jeans and grab the lube – the janitor's closet was unused and the couple had claimed it as theirs months ago, because in a boarding school where everyone had a roommate, privacy was entirely too scarce so one had to be creative about a place to share those stolen hours. His breath hitched when two slick fingers entered him, wiggling around and scissoring him. Jason was impatient today. Percy liked that. A lot. The fingers retreated and grasped his hips in a bruising manner, causing Percy to moan. He loved everything that left marks, both on his own and on his lover's body. Taking a shaky breath, Percy braced himself against the door, pushing his ass out some more for better access. It only took Jason a moment to push in, movement harsh and unforgiving. Percy knew he'd be feeling that all day long. The thought made him grin like a hungry tiger. Jason's thrusts were harsh, short and nearly erratic. They mirrored just how agitated the blonde really was and it nearly made Percy feel bad for provoking Jason. But then again, not really. "J—Jay", gasped Percy, craning his neck to throw his lover a pleading look. He sighed relieved when Jason wrapped one hand around Percy's dick, picking up the speed of his thrusts even more. The relief got stuck in Percy's throat when all Jason did was choke him tightly. The Roman bit his neck again, sucking and chewing to leave a large mark. "Did I say anything about you coming?", grunted Jason with one cocked eyebrow. Okay, now Percy did regret. A lot. He still had a hard time reading Jason, knowing how far he could push his blonde to get the delicious punishments and when he was pushing Jason too hard and got the kind that sucked. Like being fucked to an inch of his life without coming. He pouted a bit. "C—Come on", whined Percy, baring his neck in submission and as a peace-offering. "Please?" "Mh... You're gorgeous when you're begging", purred Jason, licking up Percy's pulse. "But no." Whimpering softly, Percy rested his forehead against the door. Only a couple of thrusts later and Jason came deep inside of him. Another whimper escaped his lips at that, he always loved the feeling of being filled with his lover's warm seed. Normally, that was his favorite feeling to come to. Sadly, Jason was not going to allow that today. Damn it. They stayed braced against the door for a couple of moments, both panting and taking in the aftermath. When Jason backed off, Percy found himself left on shaky legs. He wasn't a big fan of sex while standing, really. It always tore at him. "You okay?", asked Jason softly, the wild hunger gone from his electric blue eyes. Percy nodded numbly as his blonde gathered him up in his arms. It wasn't that he particularly enjoyed being manhandled, but he did like that Jason was capable of doing it. If that made sense. Sometimes, Percy didn't even make sense to himself, so there was