PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Fernweh || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Fernweh – Watching Trains Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, art, misunderstandings, cuteness Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Rachel Elizabeth Dare Summary : Percy is a well-respected photographer, who was first inspired by the Ghost King, a graffiti artist. Percy's best customer is a lawyer named Nico di Angelo. They keep passing each other like two trains, until they finally meet at a train station at night, one spraying and the other taking pictures. Fernweh Watching Trains Percy Jackson had always loved watching trains. As a small child to a single mother, it was the closest they ever got to having a vacation. Sometimes, very rarely, the two would spend a weekend in Montauk. But it wasn't much, never enough for them. Many evenings, when the sun already set, Sally and Percy would go to the train station and sit at the bridge, just watching the trains rush in and out. They'd sit there and imagine where the trains were heading, imagining that at the end of the journey was some kind of exotic place waiting for them. They spun tales of magical vacations and adventures together. It were those moments that started it all, Percy mused. After high school, where he barely managed to graduate, Percy was a bit of a lost soul. He tried some odd jobs, applied for college and basically sampled all classes they had. He just couldn't settle. He didn't know what was his . Until one day, when he had been visiting his father in Miami for the summer. Two months just the men – Poseidon, Triton, Tyson and Percy. Percy loved his half-brothers, little Tyson who adored him and grumpy Triton who was still very protective of Percy. Anyway, the point being what Percy found upon his return. As he got off the train, the first sight that greeted him was a gigantic graffiti. It was overwhelming, absolutely incredible. There was a boy on a train, back toward the viewer as he looked out the window. He was just a black silhouette with a curly head, staring out of a train's window. Said window served as the frame of the actual picture – a skyline, but oh what a skyline. The Empire State Building, the Eiffel Tower, Statue of Liberty, the leaning tower, the Colosseum, the Golden Gate Bridge and so many other sights that Percy probably just didn't recognize. It should be a mess, it should edge on with what Percy knew, but in the end, the way the artist arranged them made them look like an actual landscape, like an existing place. The sun was setting in the background, illuminating everything in marvelous colors. It wasn't just aesthetically pleasant, it evoke feelings – a feeling of longing yearning for all the places offered and then some more. It perfectly captured that sense of freedom, that want to travel. It was, to date, the most impressive piece of art that Percy had ever seen and it had changed his life. The moment he looked at it, he knew what he wanted. He wanted to make art. He wanted to make others feel like he felt. He wanted to be able to express himself as well as the Ghost King. The Ghost King. Percy had spotted graffiti with that signature ever since middle school. Scrawny things at first, mostly skeletons and creepy stuff at the beginning, but then they evolved. During Percy's high school days, there would be beautiful graffiti of the underworld – a river with a boat and a skeleton ferryman, a beautiful island that could only be Elysium itself, even various scenes of punishment from Greek mythology. After Percy graduated and while he was in college, the Ghost King must have moved on again. His art turned from dreamy myths to something more sad. Somehow, his graffiti made Percy feel deeply sad and lost. They were... lonelier. Of places in their city, the park or the lake or even the mall, but somehow they felt empty and lonely. Like something was missing. Percy suspected that the Ghost King must have lost someone dear to him. Inspired by the Ghost King's graffiti, Percy applied to an art school. His father, mother and stepfather weren't entirely pleased. After all, he was throwing everything away to start over again . But then they saw his determination and enthusiasm. He found his calling. He replied to an ad for a roommate and ended up moving in with a crazy redhead named Rachel Elizabeth Dare. She was insanely amazing and awesome and they fast became friends. Rachel had, from the start, known she was a painter. She was really great and filled with a lot of fantasy. Percy enjoyed school and what they taught him and after two semester of trying basically everything – painting, sketching, building, crafting, sculpting, digital art – he finally found his calling. Photography. Capturing moments and feelings and scenery. According to his teacher and Rachel, he was very talented. Finally, Percy felt like he belonged and he loved it. His life took an upturn from there. He graduated and started freelancing, mostly taking family pictures and school pictures. Not what he had dreamed of, but it paid the rent so he could follow his passion in his free time. He liked taking photos of people, but in their natural environment. Once he photographed an old man with more lines on his face than a tree could have rings, looking worn and lonely as he sat in front of a chessboard all on his own. Percy sat down with him afterward and talked, learning that his chess partner of forty years had died a few days ago. When Percy edited and developed the photo, he kept it in mind and he managed to highlight that loneliness and pain even more. It was the perfect depicting of loss and Percy was incredibly proud of it. Other pictures of a happy couple just as he proposed to her and they both were unaware of being captured like this, their joy genuine and pure and practically radiating from the picture, or one of a homeless man with his dog, showing their suffering and also their loyalty to each other. Percy loved his art and he wasn't the only one. Sure, his parents and siblings hung it wherever they could. But Rachel liked it. And Rachel had inherited a ton of money when her parents had died in an accident not many years ago. That and the firm. She got a capable CEO to do the work and finally could spend the money on what she enjoyed. Her parents had denied her that for years, saying that there was no future in art, and she had done three jobs parallel to college to pay for things. Now she had the means to pay off her student loan, then she bought a gorgeous loft and invited Percy to live with her – rent free. She proceeded to buy the entire building, actually, and opened up her own art gallery. Percy was not the only fellow student from their class that Rachel supported by putting their work up in her gallery. The RED Gallery soon became a respected gallery promoting young, talented artists. The RED Gallery was also how Percy made a name of his own. Ironically, he used his real first name as his alias – Perseus. Simply Perseus, without a last name. And Perseus soon became a well-known name when it came to photography, thanks to two people. Rachel, for putting his art out, and a man named Nico di Angelo, for buying it. Nico di Angelo was a hot piece of Italian man, wrapped into an expensive Italian suit. He was a lawyer, the biggest law firm in the state and also beyond. He had a smirk that made pants drop and girls swoon, dark eyes that seemed to bore into your very soul and a nice build. Short: Percy was totally into the man. Coincidentally, Mister di Angelo seemed to be into Percy's art. Nico di Angelo had been the very first one outside his family to buy his art. For a ridiculous price. Apparently, Nico put it up both at home and at the firm. At the firm where his clients saw it and seeing as Nico was one of the ten richest men in the state, he was also a trendsetter. The rich and famous soon were all over Percy's art and he found himself actually running out of pictures to sell. Sure, they were photos and he could probably develop the same one multiple times, but to him, those photos captured one specific moment so there should only ever be one version of those pictures. "You outdid yourself again, Perseus." Percy blushed and ducked his head at the praise. At this time, with the name he had made for himself, he should really be used to praise, but it still warmed his heart and cheeks. Especially coming from the handsome lawyer. Nico smirked at him and lifted his champagne flute toward Percy, who returned the motion. Even though Percy was rich and famous himself at this point, he still preferred faded jeans and his worn-out blue hoodie. The money had never gone to his head. He had started a college fond for his baby brother Tyson, had bought his mom and stepfather a house and the rest was laying around and waiting to be used. Percy wanted to buy himself a house, once he found the right man to settle down with, and then spend the saved up money on the kids he planned on adopting. He was not going to waste any of it on something silly and unnecessary. "Thank you. I'm very proud of it myself", admitted Percy with a small grin. Okay, there was one thing Percy spend money on. Travels. He had gone to all the places he had dreamed of as a child – and he always took his camera. He had a series of pictures from the rainforest, had visited the Arctic and captured a blizzard, had checked various Hawaiian islands, had captured various exotic locations that he only knew from pictures himself before. But his main focus was still on people. The endless awe of a child taking in a new city for the first time, the contrast of pain and heartbreak with the skyline of Paris in the background, the uniqueness of native tribes in the rainforest and the unbound joy of a luau. His latest works were focused on Italy and more specifically the carnival in Venice. All the masks and gorgeous costumes, the canals and contrasts. He had been captured and inspired. Nico had bought the entire series without missing a beat, as soon as he entered the gallery and saw the first photo. "Oh yes, Perseus is my bestseller. Thanks to you", laughed Rachel, patting Percy on the back. Percy smiled thinly, loving Rachel dearly but hating when someone interrupted the few moments he got to spend with Nico. After all, they always only met on the art exhibitions. And oh, how much Percy enjoyed Nico's company. Short quips, pleasant conversations and quite the view. Percy had a serious crush on the lawyer, but he had not yet found his courage to actually speak up. /break\ "You spent the entire night