PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Percest || Shadowselves || Percest || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Shadowselves – Doppelganger and Drama Queens Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post Blood of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, threesomes, selfcest, doppelgangers, h/c, dealing with the war, depression, explicit intercourse, anal, doubling, BDSM, spanking, crossdressing, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nicercy/Percest Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Reyna/doppelganger!Annabeth, Jason/Calypso, Jake/Will, Piper/Annabeth, Paul/Sally, Hades/Persephone Percy Jackson Characters : Percy Jackson, Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Annabeth Chase, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis Godly Characters : Poseidon, Demeter, Hades, Persephone, Thanatos, Calypso Summary : Tartarus keeps a part of the souls that enter it. Nico, being a son of Hades, could hold himself together, but after the Giant War, he knows that there are parts of Annabeth and Percy stuck in Tartarus, so he goes to get them and tend to them. While he is so busy taking care of them and making doppelganger-Percy fall in love with him, he misses out on what's happening outside of the underworld. So when he resurfaces again, he is surprised to learn that Percy and Annabeth split up. Now the boy who thought he'd never get one Percy to love him, has now two Percys. A request by Shadow of the Angel for Percest plus Nico and how could I deny that? *grins* Shadowselves Doppelganger and Drama Queens Tartarus was a cruel place. Nico knew that from experience. But he also knew that it was even crueler. Nico was lucky, he was a creature of the underworld. To those who didn't belong to the underworld, it was especially vile. It left them broken. Literally broken. The sheer force of Tartarus broken the souls apart and kept a shard down as spoils of war, so to speak. "I do not approve." Nico rolled his eyes as he continued packing. "I'm sorry, mom, I'm doing it anyway." Which in return earned him twin-snickers from Cecil and Lou. Will just huffed, used to the nickname coming from Cecil, Lou and Nico. So he worried a lot, big deal. He had every right to worry about those three troublemakers! The son of Apollo straightened up and glared. "Don't sass me, mister", warned Will irritated. "You are not going to Tartarus! Again!" "I'm sorry to say this, but... Will's got a point", agreed Lou reluctantly, looking seriously over at Nico. "You've gone to Tartarus before because of Percy. And now you want to repeat that." "It's... it's different", protested Nico with a slight glare. "Right, di Angelo", snorted Cecil, rolling his eyes. "You went into Tartarus because you wanted to help Percy in that quest. And now you want to go because of... soul-shards? What is that even?" "Tartarus keeps part of your soul", answered Nico simply. "The thing is... it's not just a shard. It's a part of them. A part of Percy and Annabeth is still down in Tartarus and that part is as much a conscious being as the real Percy and Annabeth are. It's a part of their souls. Now tell me, honestly, would you truly be okay with letting Percy and Annabeth – even if it's just a part of them – rot in Tartarus for all eternity, even though they could be saved? Really?" Cecil, Lou and Will fell silent. An awkward, guilty silence. Nico took that as his answer. "Just... promise me you'll be safe", mumbled Lou as she pulled him into a very tight hug. Nico grunted and remained silent. He had stayed at Camp Half-Blood for months now, trying to be happy and all that stuff. Yes, he loved Will, Cecil and Lou a lot. He enjoyed the time he spend with his new friends. But then there were Percy and Annabeth, who due to them living in New York, came over a lot . To help with the rebuilding, to reconnect with the other campers and just generally be utterly disgusting. All heroic, golden couple. Every time Nico was happy with how things were, Percy and Annabeth decided to spend the weekend and completely crushed any of his happiness. Yes, he had been trying to get over Percy for years now. Had thought that maybe, telling Percy he had done it, he was over him, that it could actually become the reality. Over the past four months, that had not been working. Every time Percy smiled, Nico's heart beat faster. Whenever Nico was at the lake, all he could see were Percy's sea-green eyes in the water. There was no way he couldn't love Percy Jackson. Eros had seen through him, Jason had seen through him, heck, even Hades had called him out on it when they had met on the quest. And now he had mother hen Will, who had seen through him right from the start, who had wanted to befriend him to help him through coming out for years now. Will, who had advised him to stop lying. Lying to himself, to Percy, to others. But there was just something Nico couldn't do. He couldn't get his heart broken. Telling Percy he was over him was one thing, but telling Percy that he was in fact very much in love with him, had been for over four years now, so much more than just a crush, nothing that could be easily dismissed, nothing that would fade anytime soon, no, because that would mean he would have to endure rejection from Percy and pity from Annabeth and he just couldn't . He was good at lying. To himself and to others. He wasn't gay, he was in love with Annabeth. He was just normal, like everyone else. Okay, so, maybe he wasn't as straight. But it was only a small, insignificant crush and he was totally over it. No deep feelings for Percy, nope. No labyrinth-defying feelings that made him challenge Minos, Hades and even Eros, all in the name of love, as Eros had so nicely put it. Not 'in the name of a crush'. In the name of love. Hearing it, so loud and clear, from the god of love and sexual desires himself, it had knocked at least some sense into him. Maybe not enough, but at least enough that he could admit attraction to Percy. /break\ Tartarus was truly merciless and it did not get easier the second time around. But he was a man with a mission. Even if it was just a part of Percy, it was still Percy and Nico would never let any part of Percy suffer in any kind of way. And while he was down here, he wouldn't just leave Annabeth either. Even though that meant he doomed himself to a double dose of the Percy and Annabeth Show. Still, he was willing to do everything for Percy Jackson. Finding the shards of souls was easy – Annabeth's was a quite beautiful and brilliant silvery-gray that seemed to sparkle, but Percy's was a hundred times more impressive, deep blue like the ocean and seemingly moving with patterns of waves. He gathered those two that appeared to be simple shards of glass and then he made his way back to the Doors of Death. He briefly wondered if Hades would have had it with him this time? Stealing Hades' keys, sneaking back into Tartarus, all for Hades' most hated demigod. Still, it was necessary. Exhausting and painful, but necessary. /break\ Hades and Persephone were on a date when Thanatos interrupted them. The only reason why Hades didn't start ripping feathers out was the unconscious Ghost King in Thanatos' arms. "What has this idiot son of mine done this time?", groaned Hades irritated. "I found them at the Doors", replied Thanatos concerned, handing Nico over. Hades frowned as he saw something shining, something that was tightly hugged to Nico's chest. Carrying Nico to the boy's room, he proceeded to take the two soul-shards as well as his keys from Nico. That boy was grounded, that much was for sure. Even though Nico surely needed a punishment for this kind of disobedience, holding the soul-shard of Percy Jackson in his hand told him that there was something he would have to do. Not for the sake of Percy Jackson, but surely for Nico, because Hades wanted to see his children happy. And maybe also for Poseidon's sake. Hades had always been fond of his little brother and surely it would bring him back into Poseidon's good graces if he'd do this. Putting the soul-shards back into a pocket, he formed a plan. /break\ A few days later, Hades and Persephone were hosting a diner. Demeter had invited herself over, she did this entirely too often when Persephone was staying in the underworld. Thanatos had earned himself Hades' personal gratitude. The one who was an unusual guest however was Poseidon. "We haven't done this in a while", mused Poseidon with a nearly fond smile, looking around. "Indeed", agreed Hades, lifting his glass of red wine up. "Something tells me this is not just because you missed my company though", added Poseidon. He sipped from his own wine, raising one eyebrow as he observed Hades. The king of the underworld smirked amused, proud that his brother was less of a seaweed brain than the Sea God's son was. Which brought them right to the point. He laid the two shards of glass out. "What's this? Did you break a vase?", asked Demeter confused. "Oh, this better not be the one I made you for your birthday, little brother. Because then you're in trouble ." "Dear sister, of course not", replied Hades, knowing better than to break any flower-vases Demeter ever gave to him (there was a whole floor dedicated to vases in this palace, thanks to her). "Those are soul-shards. More specifically, the soul-shards of Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase." Demeter and Poseidon exchanged a slow, long look. Both knew what soul-shards were. "Our darling Nico took it upon himself to get them out of Tartarus himself", added Persephone. And if there was a bit sarcasm dripping from her words, the older gods dismissed it for now. Thanatos observed them silently. He knew only Hades had the power to form a soul-shard into a fully functioning being. He also knew that Hades was going to leave this decision up to Poseidon. May it be a kind of offering to know Poseidon would be indebted to him, or true courtesy from one father to another, he did not know. He just knew that the outcome of this dinner would be interesting. Thanatos stirred his soup as he watched how Poseidon took the blue glass. "This is... part of my son?", asked Poseidon softly, turning it over. "What... can it mean?" "It's been separated from your son for too many months. Now, I could try to mend the shard back together with the rest of Percy's soul, but seeing as how long they had been split, the shard already... developed a conscience of its own. It is a living soul. Separated from Percy's body, it kept existing, thinking, contemplating – well, as much as that boy of yours ever did such things. The risk of putting them together may do more harm than good. These kind of things are how personality disorders are born. From split souls", answered Hades patiently. "So... putting the boy back together again may cause him to develop some kind of