PJatO || Octavercy || PJatO || Turning a New Leaf || PJatO || Octavercy || PJatO Title : Turning a New Leaf – A Change of Pace Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, oral, hurt/comfort, mutual pain, hetero Main Pairing : Octavian/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel, Jason/Reyna, Dakota/Leila, Mike/Leo, Nico/Cecil (mentioned), Mike/Percy (past) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Octavian Simmons, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Dakota Elle, Leila Fischer, Michael Kahale, Nico di Angelo, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Blackjack Summary : A year after the Giant War, Percy feels like he's ready to move on. To start anew. For that, he moves to New Rome for a real new start, moving in with Leo. Life as a college student in New Rome is refreshingly different and he even starts a new relationship after a while. Turning a New Leaf A Change of Pace Things didn't go as planned. Things never went the way Percy planned them. It had started nearly a year ago, December last year, when he had met Mike Kahale during his family vacation in Hawaii. They had hit it off, had fallen into a fast and good relationship. Mike living in Hawaii and Percy living in New York was not really helpful though. But thanks to IMs and Blackjack did they manage a pretty stable long-distance relationship. It hadn't been Percy's fault that he had missed half a school year. But Chiron had fixed it, because apparently the gods did feel guilty about what Percy had been through for their sake. Faked papers that he had studied abroad for a semester were handed in and Percy got the chance to finish high school with Paul as his teacher. At least that had worked out good for him. But after graduation, everything seemed to go haywire again. He and Mike had compromised to move to New Rome. Not into the same apartment, because Percy didn't really think that moving in together was the right thing to do for them. No, instead Percy moved in with Leo, who had decided that he wanted to get closer to Frank and Hazel and to do so, he needed to be in New Rome. It was a perfect match. Over the months after the war, Percy and Leo had become pretty good friends. Their apartment was cute, maybe a bit small, but it was enough for them. And they turned out to truly be a perfect match as flatmates. They shared many interests and decorated their living room as one big nerd-cave, spending their evenings together watching shows or movies they both liked. While his relationship with Leo prospered and he started to see the Latino as a very close friend, not just the close acquaintance they may have been during the Giant War, his relationship with Mike completely fell apart. Only seeing each other once a month had been what had made them work. They talked a lot, but more on a therapeutic base than a romantic, really. Now that they lived in the same city however, they figured out that they didn't work as a romantic couple, not the way they both had hoped for. So by the time Percy's college classes started, he was single again. The one reason why he had decided to move to New Rome had turned into the most awkward thing about New Rome, because whenever he ran into Mike, neither of them knew how to act. "Are you moping again? Cease the moping, Jackson." Percy groaned and rolled onto his side to look at his flatmate. Leo tilted his head and carried a mug of coffee over, holding it just out of Percy's reach. The son of Poseidon glared. "Nope. If you want Leo's super-awesome coffee, you need to get up", chimed Leo teasingly. "I don't want to get up", groaned Percy, making grabby motions for the coffee. "I should just cancel everything and get back home to New York. When I went groceries shopping on Saturday, I ran into Mike and, well, it was just... so awkward and weird and urgh... I never had an ex before... I mean, not like that. I think I'd be better off at home, you know? ...Ouch." Percy rubbed the back of his head as he looked at Leo. The son of Hephaestus was glaring. "Stop it with the pity party, Jackson. We've been in New Rome for two months now, we finally got our apartment to be cozy and awesome. We signed up for our classes, we have fun when we hang out with Hazel, Frank, Jason and Reyna. This is going to be good . Don't ruin it", chided the Latino as he sat down on Percy's bed. "Look, I know you're afraid, because it's all new and frightening and you are looking for an excuse to quit, but you're stronger than that. You said you wanted to learn everything so you could open up your own business. Remember? A dojo. That's your dream, that's what you're working toward. And here, in New Rome, you can study in peace, without having to fear monsters or mortals. Don't back out now, Percy. Besides, you said you like Mike as a person, so if you just avoid him for the rest of your lives, you'll not even get a chance to become friends." "I... guess you're right", admitted Percy after a moment, averting his eyes. Leo was more right than Percy cared to admit. New Rome was a new chance for him. Annabeth was building New Athens – and she was making good progress, but it was not yet finished, it was better for demigods to attend college in New Rome for now. That aside, New Rome gave him some distance. Sure, there were Leo, Hazel, Frank, Reyna and Jason here, but other than them, Percy knew nearly no one. While everyone in New Athens had known him since he was an awkward kid, stumbling into camp. He was the savior of Olympus to them. There was so much baggage. He wanted to get at least a bit of a chance to start anew. And Leo was also right, because the dojo was Percy's dream. He wanted to open a dojo where he could teach demigod kids or kids of demigods how to defend themselves and how to fight, even outside of Camp Half-Blood. On the day of his graduation, Chiron had offered him a job as trainer at camp. But Percy wanted to move on from camp, he wanted more . And New Athens would give them a chance to live actual lives, for the year-rounders to have homes and not to live at a summer camp. This was where Percy saw himself. In a pretty house with a garden and a family, working at his own dojo and teaching the kids. "Urgh. You're a horrible person", groaned Percy and stood. "Okay. Let's get going." Leo grinned broadly as he followed the son of Poseidon. They both attended the same classes, both wishing to learn the basics of how to have their own shops. For Leo that was a car shop. That was his dream. He wanted to open a shop together with Jake and Nyssa. After Leo had died and come back, they had seen it as their second chance at being Leo's big siblings – and Leo was more than grateful for that. This was what Leo was working for. To have his shop, with his big siblings. But he still wanted to study here, in New Rome. Because his very best friend Jason was here and the two people he had a major crush on were here too. He'd spend enough time in New Athens once he was finished with college and once they'd open the shop. So for now, he just wanted to get to spend time with his Roman friends. Especially with Hazel and Frank. His cheeks heated up. "Oi, stop daydreaming, Valdez. I don't want to be late on the first day!", called Percy out. /break\ Percy was grateful for having Leo. By the time their second month in New Rome ended, Percy was sure that everyone should have their own Leo. So he had been a drama queen because he didn't know how to handle his breakup and because he was also missing his home. Sure, he had wanted a new start, but it was still frightening and different. Having a Leo to kick his ass had been exactly what he had needed. The longer they lived together, the closer they got. It was refreshing. Percy's closest friends – Grover, Annabeth, Rachel – they all had been around for the Titan War, but Percy's friendship with Leo was still so new. They barely knew each other a year now, but they were so similar. Both needed the distance, needed a new start. And they got along great. "You coming to lunch with me?", asked Leo, offering his best puppy-eyes. Percy grinned as Leo attached himself to his side. "Lunch sounds great." They normally ate at The Bacchus Bar . Dakota Elle, the head of Cohort Five, worked there part-time to save up money for after college. He attended the same classes as Percy and Leo, with some additional ones, because he wanted to take over The Bacchus Bar one day. They had the best burgers in the city. Well, and the best wine, but that went without saying. After hard hours in college, it was nice to sit back, drink a nice ice-tea (while mourning that he was only eighteen) and eat a good, big burger while being in good company. When the two boys entered the established, they instantly spotted Dakota. He was leaning against a table, grin on his lips as he was talking to the two teenagers sitting at the table. Mike Kahale and Leila Fischer. Leila was laughing at something Dakota had said, twirling one strand of her blue-dyed hair between her fingers in a flirtatious way. Mike just sat there and watched them amused. That trio had been inseparable since their shared mission during the Giant War. Percy knew from Mike. While they had still been dating, most of Mike's stories involved Leila and Dakota – and how those two were dancing around each other. The son of Venus was just sitting there and waiting for them to finally realize. The memory made Percy grin a little. He had loved those conspiratorial conversations with Mike. "Oh! Leo!", exclaimed Leila as she spotted them, face brightening. "Come here, sit with us!" As odd as it may seem that a daughter of Ceres would get along with a fire-controlling son of Hephaestus, those two had hit it off pretty well right away. She was by now Leo's favorite 'new' Roman, seeing as no one could come close to his three favorite Romans – Jason, Hazel and Frank. "Lei!", called Leo back and waved his arms around as he ran up to their table. After a fist-bump between the two friends did Leo sit down and motion for Percy to follow. Percy greeted Dakota and waved at Leila from across the table as he sat down next to the Latino. The greeting between Percy and Mike however was more than awkward. As it always was. Leila and Leo exchanged a look that said more than words. With matching grins on their faces did they nod. "Oh, Leo, I have to show you the fire lilies Dakota and me planted behind the bar",