PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Royal Ball of Elysium || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Royal Ball of Elysium – Finding Royal Consorts Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Hades/Poseidon, Thanatos/Triton, Thalia/Bianca, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Tyson/Ella, Piper/Annabeth, Jason/Reyna, Chris/Clarisse, Charles/Silena, Groviper Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Thalia Grace, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Silena Beauregard, Charles Beckendorf, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Tyson, Ella, Blackjack, Arion, Scipio, Tempest Godly Characters : Poseidon, Hades, Thanatos, Triton, Persephone Summary : Percy is just a stable boy. At the royal stables of the underworld. The problem? The young stable boy was head over heals with one of the princes. Which seemed to run in the family, because his dad – well, by demon-standards probably rather mom – had been lusting after King Hades for a long, long time. Everything takes a turn for the complicated and weird when his best friend Leo drags him to a royal ball in the palace, undercover, dressed as ladies. The Royal Ball of Elysium Finding Royal Consorts Elysium was the most prosperous realm of the underworld. Rich due to the ruby, sapphire and emerald mines, their main export being jewelry. They made the most gorgeous jewels – all realms of the underworld had their crown jewels crafted by the handy demons of Elysium. Their king and ruler, Lord Hades di Angelo, was well-loved by his people. Especially so because of the losses he had to endure during his life. His first mate had died giving birth to his firstborn and heir, Thanatos di Angelo. His second mate bore him two beautiful heirs – Bianca and her younger brother Nico – but she had been assassinated by his worst enemy. The third royal consort to come had blessed him with his so far youngest child, lovely little Hazel, but she had only done so seeking the riches the king had to offer. Her frantic greed for gold and jewels drove her into madness and out of the palace all too soon. Even fifteen years later, the king had not let anyone into his bed again, fearing for his heart to be broken once again, one way or another. Young Hazel was barely sixteen, her brother Nico twenty-one, Bianca two years older than her full-blooded brother, and the oldest already twenty-five. And the princes and princesses worried for their father. He spend his time holed up in the palace, obsessing over his royal duties yet never letting anyone close. Bianca was already mated, had been for years now. Ironically enough to the daughter of the man who had assassinated her mother. Princess Thalia and Prince Jason had been peace offerings from the other realm as Hades and his army ran them over, seeking revenge. He had killed the king with his bare hands for taking his mate away, but he could not bring himself to hurt the children, so he had taken them in, as a handmaid and a guard. He had not anticipated for Bianca to hopelessly fall in love with Nico's maid though. But after all the love he had lost, who was he to deny her? Hazel's mating however came much less unexpected, seeing as her and her guard Frank had been blushing around each other for years now and once Hazel turned sixteen, Frank gathered all his courage and asked for the youngest heir's hand in mating. Only his sons, the ones Hades had anticipated to one day take over his kingdom – he would even prefer for them to share it, seeing as it had grown ever since he had taken over the land of Olympus when avenging Queen Maria's death – only those two sons still remained unmated. See, the princes and princesses were not the only ones worried. Hades worried too, that his antisocial behavior was rubbing off on his children. After all, his daughters had found love in his palace, not even having to step out of it, while his sons did not even seem to be looking for mates. As much as his past experiences had scarred him, he did not wish for his children to miss out on the greatest thing there was – love. So right now he sat in the gardens, rubbing his face thoughtful. "My king, if I may ask... what seems to be bothering you?" The king jerked out of his thoughts and turned to look at his head gardener, the lovely Persephone. He knew that, if things had been different, he may have courted her at one point, but back then his heart had still needed healing and now they were past the point of possible romance, rather in a state of friendly companionship. He did consider her his most trusted friend. The earth demoness gave him a worried smile as she sat down next to him. There were three kinds of demons, best distinguished by the color of their wide-spanned leather wings and their long, sleek tails. There were fire demons for one; with wings of a deep, red color, the native demons of this land. They were the most cunning smiths and strongest fighters, which was why Elysium had conquered throughout the thirteen realms. Hades himself, as well as three of his children, were fire demons. Hazel however had come after her mother; an earth demon. Like Persephone too, with her wide, nearly golden yellow wings. They were known for their connection to the Earth, which was what made them the best gardeners, farmers, but also miners. Hazel herself had shown that handy ability of tracking down the riches of the Earth. Then there was the third race of demons, the rarest and most beautiful kind. The water demons. Sirens, as Hades liked to call them. He had scarcely ever met one, but when he had, he could never take his eyes off them. They held a beauty and charm far greater than anything he had ever encountered. They were natural nurturers, where earth demons had a connection to plants, water demons had a connection to animals. They were prone for taking in stray and hurt creatures and nursing them back to health. Though what they were best known for was the keen ability of the males to carry children, as well as their extreme fertility. Hades himself only knew two water demons, the handmaids of his sons. Young Piper, betrothed to Bianca's handmaid Annabeth, and Silena, mate of the royal blacksmith Beckendorf and handmaid of Thanatos. Sadly, the latter had due to a tragic event fallen infertile, the greatest shame there was for a water demon seeing as society practically pressured them into producing as many heirs as possible because they craved to have more of those beautiful creatures in their realms. As much as Hades wished to have more water demons in his realm, he would never do such a shameful thing as force the gorgeous creatures into breeding camps like he knew Olympus used to before he had taken the king down and taken over control. No, such things were revolting to him. He loved children and had always wished for a large, large family, but he would never force it onto such an innocent and beautiful being as a water demon, albeit they were known to produce the physically strongest fire and earth demons, whenever their children did not turn out to be a water demon like themselves. "You have that angry look going on, about which laws are you internally debating now?" Hades looked up to see an amused Persephone still patiently sitting next to him. "I'm so sorry, I forgot where I was for a second. It's nothing anyway. No laws that take place in this realm, and sadly enough, I can not dictate the law in other kingdoms." "Now, what is it that has you out here brooding in the first place", demanded Persephone to know. "I'm worried about my children's social lives. Or rather, the lack of those", sighed Hades, frowning. "I want for Thanatos and Nico to find love too, to find a mate, but... I seem to have been a bad role model. My fear of getting my heart broken again has kept me in a golden cage and I fear that unintentionally so, I put my children into the same cage. Tell me, what can I do?" "A party", suggested Persephone with a smile. "It's a social event that will force them into interacting with others and it will also be good for you. Invite your allies, strengthen the bond to your neighboring kingdoms and show them the power and prosperity of Elysium." "How someone as magnificent as you turned out to be a simple gardener, I will never know", chuckled Hades with the smallest hint of a smile. "You're a pearl, Persephone. I will send invitations right away. At the next night of the fullest moon, there will be a ball in this palace." /break\ Nico was a naturally curious demon, had always been. So the fact that his palace was also his cage, with the only social contact they were having being their designated guard and handmaiden, made Nico only all the more curious about the others working. When he had still been small, he had honestly believed that his bed would make itself and that the food would be magically appearing on his plate. Jason and Piper had made fun of him for months after they had learned this piece of information. And then his guard and handmaiden had explained to him that his father was a very broken man who did not trust, not after Nico's mother had been taken away from him and even less so after his later mate, Hazel's mother, had betrayed him. So he did not want for his children to come in contact with possible assassins or traitors. Which then led to Nico's favorite pastime, laying in the wait and secretly watching the peasants at work. Bianca had told him not to call them that, but who was he to listen to his big sister? Especially since she had gotten mated. And really, it wasn't as though there was much else Nico could do. There was a certain amount of face-sucking he could watch before he'd grow bored of spending time with his sisters. They were horribly affectionate with their respective mates. And Jason and Piper weren't as much fun anymore since they had gotten mated either – Jason had fallen hard for Hazel's guard Reyna while Piper had found love in Bianca's handmaiden Annabeth. While they were still his closest friends – who was he kidding, they were his only friends – he really didn't need to watch Jason and Reyna or Piper and Annabeth being all lovey-dovey all day long. He didn't understand what all of this mate-business was about anyway. Having someone shove their tongue down his throat did not sound pleasant. No, he had dedicated his life to becoming the strongest fighter of their realm. Since training with Jason and the other guards was the only thing that he really could do anyway. Thanatos was more of a strategist anyway, he was all about politics while Nico was all about the fight. And the spying. It was fun watching the normal folks doing normal things. He envied them. When he sat in his room and stared out the window, watching the maidens giggle and