PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Heroic Adventures of the Ghost King || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Heroic Adventures of the Ghost King – Percico Positivity Project Day VII Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; superhero AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, rimming, fluff, superheroes/villains, superpowers, kidnapping, Percy is NOT a damsel in distress, oblivious!Nico Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Jason/Reyna, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Grover/Juniper Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Piper McLean, Frank Zhang, Hazel Levesque, Leo Valdez, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Annabeth Chase, Luke Castellan, Thalia Grace, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Mrs. O'Leary, Kronos Summary : For the Percico Positivity Project – so there's not just Percico but also some Nicercy in this. ;) This is for today's fill – Superhero . Nico, as the Ghost King, is one of America's greatest heroes. He's part of a team of superheroes (name still pending; Leo's vote is for Supreme Super-Squad). They fight dictators, evil villains and natural disasters. And they fight their arch nemesis, a band of thieves that never truly harm anyone but always seem to escape. Among those, Nico's personal favorite is the so-called Sea Prince. A beautiful and powerful enhanced human with the powers to control all water. Things only get really complicated after Nico one day saves the life of one Percy Jackson... The Heroic Adventures of the Ghost King Percico Positivity Project Day VII Like every little boy, Nico had grown up admiring heroes. They were an ever-present force, after all. All media loved broadcasting the heroic deeds of the Olympian League – a group of heroes with code-names based on the ancient Olympian gods. Nico however was not like other little boys. He was the son of a supervillain. His father had gone by the pseudonym Hades and he had opposed the Olympians, mainly so because he thought those 'heroes' were being irresponsible. They didn't care what they destroyed on their way to justice, they invaded other countries without said countries' agreement. They stood above the law, just because they had fancy, special powers. Yet no one should stand above the law. The heroes of the old were long gone and so was Nico's father. Nico's father, who had possessed special abilities due to some kind of experiment (apparently where all Olympians had come from too; a genetic experiment gone wrong). Those enhanced genes had been passed on to Nico and he realized as a young teenager that he shared his father's powers. As the Olympians retired or died or disappeared (the fate of a hero was scarcely a happy one), a new generation of heroes had to rise. And Nico, who had been raised by a so-called villain, he understood where his father was coming from but he also wanted to be a true hero. He found others like himself, other young people with powers who admired the heroes of old, and he founded his own team or superheroes. They weren't the Olympians, didn't try to be them. They were their own heroes. They were still young and not very experienced, but they were a good team. Nico – the Ghost King – was their leader, the founder, after all. He and his father could create illusions, phantom-like creatures. He could also travel through darkness, use it as short-cuts and bent it to his will. And, a power he was still working on, he could control the dead, use them like puppets to do his bidding. Though that last one was a bit tricky. The very first one to join his crusade was his sidekick – well, Jason didn't like the word sidekick, but Nico didn't care much. Jason could control lightning and electricity. He was the son of Zeus, which was how Nico had found him. Or rather, how Jason had found him. Jason wanted to be a hero, a greater hero than his father, and when Nico had started out as the Ghost King as a solo-gig, Jason had soon tracked him down and pleaded to join. Once Nico saw what the blonde could do, he was a bit more inclined to agree. It took a while for them to work things out as a duo. Aside from the Olympians, there had always also been solo-heroes and other groups of heroes too. One of them was the Amazon – a female hero with the strength of a hundred men. No one quite knew what had happened to her, but apparently she had died and passed on the mantle to her successor, a girl named Hylla. When Hylla died, her younger sister Reyna took over. For the longest time, she defended the night on her own as the Amazon, but she regularly ran into the Ghost King and Sparky. It took many months for Reyna to be persuaded into joining Nico and Jason and Nico guessed that the main reason why she joined was because there was something developing between Jason and Reyna – something that would work better if the secret identity was known. The next to join were Firebug and Siren – Leo Valdez and Piper McLean. Leo possessed the ability to control fire, he was also a brilliant genius inventor who thankfully enough took over technical upgrades for them. Piper could make anyone do whatever she wanted; her voice was magical, literally so. The two were good friends who also had tried to do the hero thing on their own, but they completely lacked guidance. Nico and Jason had learned from their fathers, Reyna had learned from her sister and their predecessor, but Leo and Piper were just winging it. Nico, Jason and Reyna offered to train them if they agreed to join the slowly forming team. Nico used to have a big sister. She had been older than him and had joined their father when Nico was still busy admiring and being in awe. Bianca di Angelo didn't live long enough to see the team of heroes Nico had assembled. Her death – at the hands of Zeus; but Nico knew not to hold the deeds of his father against Jason – was the main reason why Nico had become the hero he was now. To save other sisters and to save other little brothers from grieving for their sisters. It was also the reason why Nico so adamantly refused his baby sister's pleas to join the team. Hazel was his half-sister and she too had powers – different powers than Nico and Bianca had. But he already had lost a sister and he knew he wouldn't be able to focus on saving strangers if he would be distracted by trying to save his sister. The thing about the children of Hades was that they were stubborn. Nico was stubborn, but Hazel was just as stubborn as he was. She decided to go to college in New Orleans, away from Nico, where he wouldn't be able to notice that she was patrolling the night. But when New Orleans gained its very own hero-duo in the form of the Diamond Princess and the Changeling, Nico grew a bit suspicious. When he next visited his baby sister and Hazel introduced him to her boyfriend Frank Zhang, Nico grew very suspicious. He kept tabs on the Changeling and the Diamond Princess, until he had enough evidence to confront her. She had hugged the air out of him when Nico offered her to join his team, because as much as he had feared to be distracted by trying to keep her safe – at least he would have a chance to keep her safe when they were on the same team, compared to her and Frank doing this on their own. The last member of Nico's team was one Rachel Elizabeth Dare, aka RED Oracle. And, honestly, absolutely no one knew where she came from. One day, when the team came back from a particularly hard mission, she was just there . Waiting for them with the first aid equipment they needed, even though they hadn't been in the possession of those particular items before. Apparently, she had the gift of sight – she herself didn't even know where it came from, she had always had visions and such. Her visions had led her to their lair and she plainly refused to leave again. She wasn't an active fighter, had no physical abilities to stand up against super-powered villains, but she was their headquarters, their coordinator, the little voice in their ears and the one waiting for them with cold drinks and band-aids. Exactly what their team had been missing. So, Nico's team was good. They were good, strong and wonderful people who trusted each other. They didn't have a name just yet – Leo had the most input there, coming up with a ridiculous new name every other week, the most current one being Supreme Super-Squad – but that was okay. They didn't need a name, not if it would go according to Nico. The media mainly referred to them as 'the Ghost King's Court', which was ridiculous and maybe even worse than Supreme Super-Squad. But Nico didn't care about that, as long as they had each other and trusted each other. They frequently battled supervillains. Where good people were bestowed with great power, there would always be those corrupted by that power. Most were batshit crazy and wanted world-domination. Others were just ridiculous, embarrassing and locked away within a day's work. Aside from supervillains, they also fought against dictators, regular dangerous criminals and when a natural disaster occurred, they would also be present to help. Then there were their arch nemesis. While Nico's team rose to defend New York, there was one team in particular opposing them. They called themselves the Merry Mischief-Makers. They weren't exactly dangerous; made a point of never harming the innocent. They were a group of very cunning, super-powered thieves. Their leader was Robbing Hood, which was the most painful pun Nico had ever heard. He was a tall blonde male and everyone on his team obeyed his very word. He had winged shoes, mechanical inventions according to Leo, most likely made by another member of the team. That member was most likely Brainiac, a blonde female with a silvery-gray suit. She was, as the name implied, the mastermind. Brilliant, maybe even more of a genius than Leo. But she was also an active fighter and very well-trained in multiple martial arts. Robbing Hood's second-in-command was the Huntress, a brilliant archer and tracker. Another member was Wild PANic, a pun with the man's pan-flute that could control plants with its melody. He was definitely also an ecological activist, who occasionally went solo against big and dangerous companies that spilled chemicals into rivers and such. Those solo-gigs had been the first dead give-away that maybe those villains weren't as villainous as their thieving may suggest. And then there was the last member of the Merry Mischief-Makers. The Sea Prince. The Sea Prince was... Nico didn't know where to begin. He was sleek, movements as fluid as a river. His suit was beautifully skin-tight, showing all his best traits – like his very long legs, his well-trained body and that perfectly shaped butt. He had wild, black hair, sticking up in every direction above the blue mask wrapped around his face to cover his secret identity. His special ability was that he could control all forms of water, could summon rain and communicate with sea-creatures (something they had learned during a very horrifying mission