PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Easter Eggs and Cotton Tails || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Easter Eggs and Cotton Tails – How Nico Caught the Easter Bunny Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; Easter Bunny AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, cuteness, explicit intercourse, anal, bunnyboy, mating Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Zerberus Own Characters : Samuel Raser, Derek Rhys, Trend Austin Summary : Percy was a young Easter Bunny on his very first mission when he was saved by a child. He remained grateful to Nico, even more so when Nico saves him again eighteen years later. This time, Percy's secret is revealed as Nico catches Percy in human form – with ears and cotton tail... Easter Eggs and Cotton Tails How Nico Caught the Easter Bunny Percy was so excited as he finally got to leave the Easter Islands – headquarters to the Easter Bunnies. His nose was twitching in excitement. He was still young, but today was his very first mission. He had a basket filled with beautifully painted Easter Eggs with him. As the signal flared up – a giant blinking bunny-head with the ears upright – Percy jumped up and off. The tunnel system beneath the Easter Islands spanned throughout the entire world. Percy was one of thousands of Easter Bunnies, one of hundreds assigned to Europe this year. Italy. Venice, to be perfectly exact. An Easter Bunny's legs were the fastest on the entire planet. Cheetahs? They'd be left in an Easter Bunny's dust. So Percy was assigned to bring eggs and chocolate and toys to all of Venice and he was so proud . He had always dreamed of seeing excited children. Of course, an Easter Bunny's top priority was not to be seen by humans. He also needed to hurry to bring presents to every child in all of Venice. And everything was going really well, until he grew more exhausted and sloppy at the last house – the very last house, really! He slipped and ended up cornered by a gigantic, black dog. His nose was going a mile an hour in fear as he stared at the growling beast. " Bianca, I found the first egg !", called a male, young voice from somewhere in the garden. " No fair, Nico, you're cheating for sure !", replied a female voice – likely Bianca – annoyed. " Training Zerby to track chocolate is not cheating, it's strategy ", argued Nico with a snicker, his voice coming closer to Percy's location. " Where are you, boy? " Percy scooted farther away, wincing as a thorny bush cut his hind-leg and side. The dog's snarling ceased as a boy's head pushed itself in between the rose bushes. The boy, most likely Nico, grinned at his dog and patted his head, though the grin turned into a frown when he saw the frightened bunny. Nico blinked a couple of times, just staring at the small, frightened creature. Black, fluffy fur, long ears pressed down against his back and startling sea-green eyes staring at Nico. " Hello, little one. Sh, no need to be afraid, I won't hurt you ", cooed the boy in Italian. The boy pushed his gigantic dog out of the way, causing the dog to whine. With Zerberus out of the way, Nico crawled deeper into the rose bushes of his stepmother Persephone. He saw the blood next to the little bunny. Zerberus must have chased the poor thing into the bushes and the little bunny got hurt. Nico easily reached out to grab the tiny creature and pull it out of the bushes. " Nico, what are you doing there? Persephone will cook you for dinner! You know she loves those roses !", chided Bianca annoyed as she stepped up to her brother. " Look ", exclaimed Nico proudly and turned toward Bianca, holding the black bunny up. " I caught the Easter Bunny! And he's even cuter than I thought! But he's hurt... " Bianca frowned while Nico cradled the hurt bunny against his chest. " Bring him inside. We will call a vet and make sure it's not hurt too badly. " Nico grinned brightly as he rested his chin on the little bunny's head. " Don't worry, I will make sure you get better, little Easter Bunny! And then we can become friends! " Percy blinked his wide eyes as he observed the Italian boy. This was not how things were supposed to go. He would be teased for years to come. Or worse, his mother would ground him for years to come, because she would be so, so worried about him. What a horrible mess... /break\ So the mess didn't seem as horrible as time passed. He stayed with the di Angelo children, as he learned later that first afternoon, for a few days. Their father, a rich man, easily bought a large cage and everything a pet bunny would need as soon as the doctor was done checking Percy. Nico seemed so incredibly happy when Hades had agreed he could keep it. Nico was a good boy, he fed Percy well and often got him out of the cage to pet him. For that, he'd place Percy on the ridiculously large bed, so Percy – in his injured state – couldn't jump off and run. Nico would lay with him and pet him and tell him about the boy's life. It was a good thing that Easter Bunnies, due to their different work places all around the world, had universal ears. An Easter Bunny's ears could understand every language ever spoken by mankind. The boy was really sweet, he liked babbling on about mythology and how much his big, nagging sister annoyed him (but he loved her anyways). It hurt Percy a lot when his injury was healed again, far enough so Percy could return to the Easter Islands again. Sneaking out of the cage wasn't hard – it was meant to keep real bunnies, not Easter Bunnies, after all. But before leaving, he paused on Nico's bed, licking Nico's cheek in gratitude before jumping out of the window and leaving for good. /break\ Nico di Angelo had a special kind of love for Easter. Partially because Easter had been the last good time with his sister before her death. Nico had been ten and the two of them had found a hurt little bunny and taken care of it together. That summer, Bianca went on a hiking trip with her girl scout group. She never returned. It had been a terrible accident. Nico was bitter, for many years. It took the good friends he made in high school to pull him out of it. His sister was gone, but he was still alive – he could not stop living just because she had died. He got his act together and straightened his life out. Graduated high school, graduated law school and became one of the top lawyers in New York City. He had many friends around him now that supported him and that he loved, but there was a hole in his heart. His best friend Reyna had suggested that maybe if he'd find the right girl, or guy, or whatever floated his boat, that could help. He had channeled all his energy into school and work so far and neglected the romantic aspects of life. There had been a row of one-night-stands throughout his college years and now still the occasional one-night-stand, but he didn't have time for relationships. But perhaps Reyna was right. Perhaps finding a lover – male, thank you very much Reyna – would fill the void in his life. The thought was nice, he had to admit. Waking up next to a warm body, having someone to cherish and love. Maybe, later on, adopt a couple kids. That was the only thing aside from work into which his energy went. Children. He had various charity foundations and held a regular gigantic Easter Egg hunt in Central Park for the local orphanages and all underprivileged children. All children who didn't have parents, or had parents who couldn't afford the presents. Nico always made sure to hide more than just sweets and chocolate. Nico loved children and he wanted for every child to have the chance to experience the unique joy and excitement of searching and finding the little things on Easter. The fun competition he used to have with his sister, the rush of finding something more interesting than just a painted hard-boiled egg. He truly loved Easter and he wanted for every child to be able to enjoy it. "Mister Nico, Mister Nico, Mister Nico!" Nico, standing a little off as he sorted the empty boxes previously filled with chocolate eggs, turned toward the excited voice. It was Easter, once again. And together with about a dozen volunteers, he had put one of his amazing Easter Egg Hunts up once more. A beautiful broad banner hung between two large trees. It was colorful and with a very cute bunny drawn on it – a local artist and friend, Rachel Dare, had drawn it; she always also donated a lot of money to Nico's charities when they concerned children. The bunny was fluffy, black and green-eyed. Just the way Nico remembered it from all those years ago. Those last shared happy memories with Bianca – and Nico's very first friend. Maybe a bit pathetic that a ten year's old's first friend was a bunny he found. But he had been kind of awkward as a kid, mostly focusing on his Mythomagic and his comic books. His dad kept him quite sheltered too, afraid someone would use the children to get to Hades. Elysium, as Nico had named his fluffy friend, had been cute, sweet and he had listened to Nico. That was, until he disappeared after only one week. It was probably weird that Nico still held so fondly onto the bunny, but one never forgets their first friend. And even though Rachel kept arguing with him every year when she drew the banner that there was no such thing as a green-eyed, black-furred bunny, she still always complied to his wishes to keep Elysium as their Easter mascot. "What is it, Sammy?", asked Nico fondly as he looked at the small brunette boy. Sam was only five, but he was bright and adorable. Nico liked spending time with Sam and his two best friends. Speaking of, where were Derek and Trend? Those two were always close to Sam. All three lived in an orphanage not far off. Nico had first met them last year on the Easter Egg hunt and he had made a point of visiting them often over the months, because he had grown fast attached to them. If he was being honest with himself, he really wanted to adopt all three of them. But he was single and he was also working a lot. He didn't have the time to raise three little children. "Der and I found a bunny and Trend said not to move it in case it's bad hurt so he send me to get an adult and you're my favorite adult so you gotta hurry and come!", exclaimed Sam loudly. He grabbed Nico's hand and pulled him along, Nico stumbling more than walking. By the time they reached a crouching brunette boy dressed in green and a blonde boy in an actual dress-shirt, Sam finally slowed down.