PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Kindergarten Playdates and Real Dates || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Kindergarten Playdates and Real Dates – How to be an Awesome Big Brother Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, cuteness, Nicercy are awesome big brothers, cute dorks, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Charles/Silena, Octavian/Luke Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Thalia Grace, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Charles Beckendorf, Silena Beauregard, Tyson, Ella, Hazel Levesque, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Piper McLean, Leo Valdez, Frank Zhang Summary : Nico gets roped into bringing his baby sister Hazel to kindergarten and picking her up, because his parents are on vacation and his big sister is in college. He meets some of Hazel's friends – Frank, Ella and Tyson – and the bigger siblings of those friends. Like Tyson's big brother, the very charming and enchanting Percy Jackson. The more often Nico picks Hazel up, the more often he meets Percy and the more he falls for the very cute guy... Kindergarten Playdates and Real Dates How to be an Awesome Big Brother Nico di Angelo adored his little half-sister. Hazel was his little sun, when she laughed and smiled at him, his day got about two-hundred percent better. The little girl with the golden eyes was an angel, send to their family to bring laughter and joy to them all. And right now, Hazel was his only family in town. Their big sister Bianca was off to college and their parents decided to take a vacation, leaving Nico on babysitting duty. Other teenagers would get to throw parties and thoroughly enjoy having the house to themselves, but for Nico it was bedtime stories, Disney movies and playtime with dolls and plush-toys. And, of course, bringing Hazel to the kindergarten and picking her up again. "Ni—ico!" Nico grunted as the little girl collided face-first with Nico's legs and nearly threw him off-balance. He frowned concerned as he heard the soft sobbing from his little girl. Bending down, he picked her up and hugged her close, slowly rocking her a little and kissing her hair. "What's wrong, sorellina?", asked Nico softly, clearly concerned. "The new girl stole my Jason", sobbed Hazel frustrated, clinging onto Nico's shirt. Nico frowned confused and turned to where he saw some of Hazel's friends. He knew them all, he knew all their families and what they liked most because he cared a lot about Hazel. Her very best friend was Frank, but the two normally always hung out with Reyna and Jason too. Reyna and Jason both had big sisters – Hylla and Thalia, respectively – both being Bianca's age and thanks to Jason and Hazel, Bianca and Thalia had become best friends. "Thalia", called Nico out as he spotted said young woman. She had come to pick her little brother up too, apparently. At the sound of his voice, Jason instantly tore his attention away from his big sister and within less than a second, he was attached to Nico's legs with even more enthusiasm than Hazel before. Thalia snorted and rolled her eyes. "The kid has the most adorable hero-crush on you ever", pointed Thalia out, smirking. Nico grunted in agreement and reached one hand down to pat Jason's head like he was an obedient dog while holding Hazel's weight with his other arm. "What's that about a new girl stealing Jason?" Thalia chuckled and turned a little, motioning for the little native American girl hiding behind her legs to come forward. "This little darling is Piper. Piper's dad and our mom got married this summer. She's now our little sister. Our parents have been dating for months, but now that they're married and Piper is our 'proper' sister and not just the daughter of mom's boyfriend, Jason grew very attached to her. He wants to protect her and he's so fond of being a big brother now." "Ah", nodded Nico and turned to look at his little sister again, nudging her face. "Hey there, bambina. Listen to me, the new girl, she's not trying to steal your Jason. She's his new baby sister. It's... like when you joined our family and I got to be a big brother. I really-really love you and want to spend time with you and sometimes, I have to cancel my friends to spend time with you, you know that right? And you like when I spend time with you, right?" "Uhu", nodded Hazel, face buried in Nico's shoulder. "Jay is just doing the same. He's spending time with his sister. And his sister is still all new, you know?", continued Nico softly. "So, don't be upset with Jason. He still likes you a lot. Right, Jay?" "Uhu. Haze is awesome. And Frank is awesome. And Reyna is really awesome", listed Jason obediently. "And Nico is super awesome! And Thalia is the most awesome!" Thalia chuckled amused, giving Piper another soft nudge. The little girl came out from hiding and slowly approached Nico and Hazel. Nico smiled as he put his little sister down onto the ground again. Instantly, Jason tugged demandingly on Nico's shirt. Snorting slightly, Nico lifted the blonde up into a tight hug. Jason adored Nico. If Beryl Grace allowed the little one to pick a babysitter, it always ended up being Nico. When Jason and Hazel had a playdate, Jason always insisted they'd go to the di Angelo house so Nico could be there. It was adorable and once the little ones would reach their teens, Nico was going to relentlessly tease the boy about this. "Hello. I'm Piper", said the native American girl softly, thrusting her hand out. "I'm Hazel", replied Hazel and shook the offered hand, tilting her head. "So you won't take Jason away from me and Frank and Reyna?" "Nu-uh", answered Piper and shook her head wildly. "But Jason tells me about his friends and I wanna be friends with you too! Because Jason is friends with my bestest friend too now." Hazel frowned at that and turned toward Jason, who gave her a toothy grin. "Piper has an awesome best friend too! His name is Leo and you're gonna love him! It's the boy we played with today. But Leo and Piper were shy and didn't wanna meet you yet." Hazel wiggled her nose a few times before nodding. Nico grinned amused by that. /break\ Jason had no idea just how right he was. Hazel really did love Leo. She was barely talking about anything else aside from her new Leo. She got along really well with the little Latino. "Stop pouting, Frank", chuckled Nico and ruffled Frank's hair. "Why don't you play some with Jason while Hazel is busy? Or... you could just go and play with them." Because now Frank was as upset with Hazel as Hazel had been with Jason not too many days ago. And since babysitting moping kids was not much fun, Nico tried to lighten things up a little. Today was Hazel's birthday party – she has had birthday a month ago already and of course their parents and big sister had been there too, but they figured that the party should only be when kindergarten started again and Hazel's friends would actually be there to attend it. So here Nico was, watching eight kindergarteners. Sure, Thalia had offered to help him and of course she had brought along her inseparable best friend Luke, but it was still rather exhausting. "Stop stealing my Hazel", ordered Frank gruffly (which looked so cute on the little kid). He had his arms crossed as he looked at the far smaller Latino. Leo looked up at him with large eyes. After a moment, he decided to hide behind Hazel for safety. Hazel frowned upset. "Don't make Leo scared!", chided Hazel. "Frank. Play with them, not try to take Hazel away from Leo", butted Nico in, taking Leo by the hand and guiding him back out from hiding. "Look, Leo. That's Frank. Frank is Hazel's best friend and he's upset because Hazel plays so much with you and not with him. Would you mind playing with both of them so Frank doesn't feel so left out?" Leo stared at Frank again before turning to Hazel, who now looked very happy at the idea, so Leo nodded slowly. "Okay. If Frank stops looking so scary." Hazel giggled at that and Frank tried looking all sweet, which looked very funny actually. Hazel grabbed both Leo and Frank by the hands and pulled them over to the sandbox the di Angelos had in their large backyard. Thalia chuckled amused by the time Nico returned to the adult table. "You're really good with the kids", teased Thalia. "Yeah, well", shrugged Nico as he grabbed a drink. "They're easy. Honest. They just say whatever is on their minds. Far easier than teenagers, really." "True that", agreed Luke amused, lifting his beer bottle toward Nico. Nico grinned and clanked his own against Luke's. Luke was kind of awesome and Nico got along well with the blonde, if only there wouldn't be Luke's very annoying and very possessive boyfriend attached to him like 24/7. Said annoying boyfriend was glaring at the group of kids. "When you said we could meet, hang out at a pool and get free beer, I was sort of not expecting a children's birthday party", pointed Octavian out, looking very, very annoyed. "Aw, don't tell me you don't appreciate the... sight...", drawled Luke and stretched out some. Nico couldn't help but also run his eyes over Luke's body. He really couldn't help it, he was only a gay kid and Luke was a very attractive guy down to swim-shorts at the moment. "We should have brought Percy along. He'd love this too", mused Thalia. "Oh yes, the one more annoying than a bunch of kids, wonderful idea", drawled Octavian. "Who's Percy?", asked Nico confused, looking from one to the other. "Percy is Tyson's big brother. He goes to college with Annabeth", offered Thalia in reply. Thalia, Luke and Annabeth had been friends since middle school and so far, Nico had heard about Annabeth quite a lot already but never met her. Tyson, Nico knew. Tyson was one of Hazel's new friends. She had befriended a cute, new girl named Ella when the school year started and with Ella came Ella's best friend Tyson. Tyson was exceptionally tall for their age, but he was very gentle and sweet and extremely obsessed with horses and going swimming. "I think you'd like him", added Luke thoughtfully. "Percy is funny. And adorable." "And Luke's ex", threw Thalia in now. "That's why Octavian's face just did that ." Nico snorted as he watched how Octavian's face grew more and more sore the more Luke talked. Well, that explained the extra-distaste Octavian had for this Percy. "Nico! Nico! Nico! Build a sandcastle with me!", ordered Jason as he ran up to them. Sighing, Nico got up again. Really, he barely had five minutes to sit down today. He obediently followed Jason over to the sandbox, where Hazel, Leo and Frank were already building a sandcastle. Ella and Tyson were watching them curiously while digging for shells and treasures. Nico had buried various of those in the large sandbox earlier to make a game out of it for the kids. "Oh, I found a pretty one!", exclaimed Tyson proudly. "Oh. It's very pretty. Lemme put it on the castle!", asked Hazel with pleading eyes. Tyson frowned