PJatO || Malercy || PJatO || Malercy || Jealousy Makes Dumb || Malercy || PJatO || Malercy || PJatO Title : Jealousy Makes Dumb – Even the Wisest Can Be Blinded Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, jealousy, crossdressing, explicit intercourse, anal Main Pairing : Malcolm/Percy Side Pairings : Jake/Will, Jason/Nico, Nico/Percy (in Mal's head) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Jason Grace, Malcolm Cage, Will Solace, Chris Rodriguez, Jake Mason Summary : Like it hadn't already been bad enough watching his crush dating his sister, no, now that Percy and Annabeth were finally broken up, Malcolm was forced to watch Percy being far too close and familiar with Nico di Angelo, ever since that son of a Hades came out as gay. Jealousy is driving him insane, but will it also drive him to finally act on his feelings...? Birthday request from iamthenumber1twilightfan who wanted a jealous Malcolm! Happy birthday. ;) It was real fun to write because I got to delve more into my headcanon (in my head, Malcolm and Will had always been besties *^*). Jealousy Makes Dumb Even the Wisest Can Be Blinded People liked to think of Will as that son of Apollo who helped coaxing Nico di Angelo out of his shell. Will saw that as highly offensive and superficial. For one, Reyna and Jason had done far more for Nico than Will and as much as Will would like to take all the credit, it simply wasn't fair toward the two Romans. Another was that Will in fact had existed before he oh-so miraculously had magicked a son of Hades back from the dead, thank you very much. Now, Nico was one of his best friends since the Giant War, but Will also had friends he had known before that. Friends with whom he shared years of trust, friendship and shenanigans with. Granted, it seemed to be a theme for Will's friends to be hopelessly in love with Percy Jackson. Will Solace and Malcolm Cage had been best friends for roughly seven years now. Will wasn't a very good archer, he was a healer, so he spend much time with his nose in the books. So did the son of Athena. It was how they had first met and bonded and they had stayed best friends since then. So right now, Will was listening to the other side of hopeless whining about Percy Jackson. When Percy and Annabeth had gotten together, things had started to dull down because Malcolm loved his big sister and didn't want to take Percy away from her. Months later and Will befriended Nico and had to listen to his version of moaning for Percy Jackson. Now that Annabeth and Percy were broken up, the poor son of Apollo was back to listening to Malcolm's whining. The thing at hand was that Malcolm was jealous. Of Nico. Bitching on and on about how Percy needed someone to brighten his life and not someone so gloomy like the son of Hades. It was really hard for Will to bite his tongue, because what Malcolm didn't know was that after months of trying to get over Percy after the Giant War, with the help of Jason. A very helpful Jason, with whom Nico was by now rather happily in a relationship. Now the problem for Will was that he was best friends with both, Nico and Malcolm. So on the one hand he wanted to tell Malcolm that Percy was still single. But on the other hand there was Nico, who had requested him to keep the relationship between Nico and Jason a secret for now. The two sons of the Big Three were concerned how the gods would react to their union, Nico was still not comfortable enough to walk around holding hands and admitting to the relationship out loud, while Jason was completely new to the whole gay-thing seeing as he had only been dating girls so far. Will respected that, everyone should take things in their own pace, especially the coming out. "They are a horrible match!", complained Malcolm, head resting on his arms. Will, Malcolm, Jake and Chris were sitting together at the beach. The friends were dutifully listening to Malcolm's whining. Will smiled amused. Secretly, he had always thought that Percy and Nico made a nice match, the bright and happy sea and the dark and gloomy underworld. But the timing had been off, Will guessed. By the time Percy and Annabeth broke up, Nico had already found comfort in Jason and even though Nico wasn't at the point of being in love with Jason yet, Will knew that given time, their relationship could deepen significantly. So Will wasn't going to ruin a potentially good relationship by outing them before they were ready. What Nico needed was the chance to move on from Percy completely and Will knew that wasn't a fast and easy thing, not with a long-lasting love like that Nico had for Percy. So Nico needed time. The past months had opened him up to the possibility of someone else; of Jason Grace as his boyfriend. From there on, the relationship was a delicate thing that needed a chance to blossom. And Will was rooting for them, because he knew that Nico had no chances with Percy and Nico deserved a chance to be happy. Will personally hoped that Malcolm was 'next in line' to have a shot with Percy. After all, where Nico had claimed Percy wasn't his type out of desperation, Nico truly wasn't Percy's type. Percy's type was rather simple. He liked them tall, blonde and clever. His first boyfriend had been Luke, the tall blonde leader of camp at times. And then Luke had betrayed Percy – betrayed everyone, really. After that, Will had a short fling with Percy to which he would not admit out loud to either of his best friends because he didn't want to be grilled alive. After their short affair of despair and hurt on Percy's part, Percy moved on to Annabeth. But their relationship had crumbled months after the Giant War too, because both carried too deep scars, both needed healing too much themselves to be able to help the other. "People always say girls are complicated, but I really think you gays are far worse", pointed Chris out, taking a sip from Dionysus' wine that he had stolen. "Man, you're as bad at communication as we straight dudes, but you have all the drama like the girls. It's like every single gay is already a straight relationship in himself, seriously." "You should stop either drinking or talking", snorted Jake, patting his best friend hard on the back. Chris grunted and choked on his wine due to the force of the hit. Will didn't particularly blame Chris, as the only straight guy in their little band of four, he could only picture how awkward or uncomfortable things sometimes got for the son of Hermes. Especially when Chris' best friend Jake started going out with Will and the two of them started being 'disgustingly cute', as Chris liked to call them. Smiling a little, Will took Jake's hand and searched for the brunette's eyes. He was happy with Jake, he loved Jake and all he really wanted was for his friends to find the same kind of happiness as he had. Chris, the lucky bastard, already found his true love in Clarisse la Rue. Jake and Will had found it in each other. Nico was so short of finding it with Jason. Now all that was missing was Malcolm's happy ending and Will so hoped that it could be Percy. Not only for Malcolm's sake, but also for Nico's. Will knew that if Percy stayed single too long, it may be too much of a temptation for Nico and the son of Hades may throw everything he had out of the window again and try something that just wouldn't work out. "Though Chris does have a point", interjected Will, causing the other three boys to look at him surprised. "Mal is being an utter drama queen worthy of being a daughter of Aphrodite." "...Thanks for the love", muttered Malcolm with a glare. "Oh, come on. It's been how long? If you always only keep moaning and waiting until Percy is in a relationship, you will never get a chance! Just man up, walk up to him and tell him!", said Will. "And get mauled by a vicious son of Hades? Yeah, thanks no", huffed Malcolm and made a face. "But that's how things work", objected Chris with a frown. "I mean, not always , but like ninety percent of rom com movies – which I only know because Silena used to force Clarisse to watch them and she forced me to tag along so she didn't have to suffer on her own – are about the heroine being in a not-meant-to-be-relationship and then the hero sweeps in at the last minute, mostly while the heroine and her not-perfect-match were getting married, he says some romantic bullshit and the chick throws years of a relationship and thousands of dollars that the wedding had cost out of the window to run away with the dude she had not been interested in at first... Wow, those movies are utter crap. But it works in them and chicks always make those longing sighs, at least all of Aphrodite Cabin did, so can't that work for gays too? I mean, Percy would be the chick in this." "Yeah, but that's the problem. Percy is not a chick", argued Malcolm with a frown. "Just try? Trying can save you a lot of heartache", countered Jake, fingers linked with Will. "I mean, I risked something too when I asked Will out and see what it got me." "Aw, that was sweet", cooed Will amused, kissing his boyfriend. Jake grinned in a borderline dumb way at that, causing Malcolm to sigh. He wanted that too! /break\ It was nearly a week later that Malcolm finally decided to take Will's advise to his heart. Mainly because it was just entirely too painful to look at Nico and Percy, joking around at the beach. Malcolm stood at the forest-line, watching, glaring. Trying to gather his courage. "It's freaky, isn't it?", asked a sudden voice. Malcolm jumped and turned to look at the grinning Jason. "What is?" "Them. Together", added Jason casually. "I mean, other campers say it's worse when I'm there too, because of the sheer power of the Big Three and all. But I think it's mainly the fact that they're freaked out by the smiling son of Hades. Which is dumb, because Nick is adorable when he smiles." "...Adorable?", repeated Malcolm a little dumbfounded. Jason blushed and shifted a little, heart racing in his ribcage. He knew they had agreed on keeping their relationship secret for now, because Nico wasn't entirely comfortable with showing his sexuality just yet and Jason wasn't really settled with being gay in general. There were only four people who knew of their relationship. Hazel, obviously because she was Nico's only family and he loved her and had no secrets from her. Reyna, because she was both their best friend and the bond between Nico and Reyna was truly tight ever since their shared quest. Will, because he was Nico's other best friend and had helped Nico dealing with his homosexuality and now Jason kinda hoped Will may also be able to help him. They also abused Will