PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Avatar: The Last Heartbender || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Avatar: The Last Heartbender – How Nico Lost His Heart (and Dignity) at Comic Con Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, matchmaker!Bianca, cosplay, age difference Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Bianca di Angelo, Thalia Grace, Tyson, Sally Blofis Summary : Nico got roped into a group cosplay with his two best friends Jason and Reyna. Comic Con was awesome and amazing – if only there wouldn't be this one delicious guy cosplaying a genderbend version of Korra from the Avatar cartoons. That shirt showed off those very nice arms way too good and they are entirely too distracting. So Nico runs into a wall. Or two. Okay, maybe three, but who's counting? Percy is counting, because even though he's having the time of his life with his genderbend Avatar group cosplay, he gets way too distracted by the hot Bucky Barnes, who seems to be a little clumsy because Percy keeps watching him run into walls. Avatar: The Last Heartbender How Nico Lost His Heart (and Dignity) at Comic Con Comic Con was Nico's personal heaven. He was a grumpy punk at school, who only spend time with his well-trusted best friends Cecil and Lou. He steered clear of others and regular social meetings. Comic Con however was something different. There were people like him – people with the same interests, people with whom he didn't have to hide his nerdy side with snark and a glare. It was the main reason why he had turned into a 'grumpy punk', as his big sister had labeled it. In his old middle school, he and his friends had been teased and picked at for being nerdy, so he hid this side of himself now. Only during Comic Con could he be a hundred percent himself. Well, maybe not a hundred percent, because a lot of percent went into his cosplay. This year, his two best friends from middle school with whom he always attended Comic Con, had pleaded him to do a Marvel group cosplay until he caved in. Jason, that gigantic dork, wanted to be Captain America and truth be told, Reyna was a gorgeous Black Widow with that red wig and the black leather clothes. And Nico Since Nico missed his two best friends, he really was willing to agree to practically everything. Sadly, those two were attending a different high school than Nico, which meant they enjoyed Comic Con even more now. And to be honest, Nico's cosplay rocked. Thanks to a friend of Jason's who was incredibly good with metal work and tinkering. Leo had done an awesome job with Bucky's metal arm, it looked incredibly convincing, yet being rather light. Leo had also forged Jason's shield – and the way it looked, Jason was downright in love with the thing. "Okay, where are we going next?", asked Reyna where she hung off Nico's arm. "Everywhere", declared Jason, eyes sparkling as he looked around. Nico grinned fondly. He loved them both dearly and missed not being able to see them every day, but they were one year older than him and had gone to high school before him – and his father had chosen some stupid fancy private school for him to attend, instead of the one his friends were visiting. Sure, Reyna's family and Jason's family weren't living far away, but going to school together, having allies at school, was something else entirely. "I don't care", shrugged Nico, letting his eyes trail over their surroundings. "How about we start... here and walk... into that direction, looking at everything and..." He let the rest of the sentence hang in the air as his eyes caught something interesting. Nico wasn't big on cartoons – he watched Avengers Assemble because he was a big Marvel fan and his childhood favorite had been Danny Phantom – but the little sister of a friend of a friend of Jason's and Reyna's was a big-time fan of Avatar: Legend of Korra . Nico wasn't really sure why Jason and Reyna had befriended Octavian, but Octavian's best friend Rachel and her little sister Ella were both rather amazing. And little Ella adored that cartoon and most of all the little airbender girl Jinora. So Nico, after having watched it a couple times with the two redheaded sisters, recognized the cosplay easily. A guy, gorgeous guy at that, was wearing a Korra cosplay. The brown hair was longish, but shorter than Korra's. The significant part of this cosplay however was the skin-tight, light blue, sleeveless shirt, that showed off the boy's strong arms very, very, very good. Nico had kind of a weakness for nice asses and nice arms. And those arms were very nice. Being so distracted by the gorgeous guy, Nico accidentally ran into a wall and landed on his ass. "Ouch", grunted Nico, blinking sluggishly. "Woah. Hey, you okay, dude?", asked a concerned voice. Blinking again, he looked up at the beautiful face framed by the brown wig. The Korra cosplayer had approached him and was kneeling next to him right now. Reyna and Jason were on his other side, both trying to stifle their laughter. Traitorous bastards. Shaking his head, he looked at the gorgeous guy. He had nice cheekbones and an adorable button-nose and bow-shaped pink lips. That close up, Nico could see a taunt, nice stomach beneath the skin-tight blue shirt. "Yeah. I'm fine", muttered Nico embarrassed and picked himself up from the ground. "Percy! Come, we wanted to meet the others in ten minutes!", called a female voice. Nico turned toward the direction of the voice when his pretty Korra cosplayer reacted to the call. There stood a brunette woman in Air Nomad clothes and with a blue arrow on her forehead. She was holding the hand of a little brunette boy, also wearing Air Nomad clothes and a rather easily identified air-do. So they were a group cosplay of genderbend Avatar characters – the gorgeous guy was a male version of Korra, the brunette woman was probably a female Tenzin and the little boy was definitely a male Jinora. Nico had to smile a little. Little Ella would love this. "Coming, mom!", called the Korra cosplayer – Percy, apparently – back, before looking at Nico a last time with a small half-grin. "You should watch out for walls. Bye." With that, the gorgeous guy sprinted off. Nico heaved a sigh. How embarrassing was this? He was a hot guy and ran into a wall. That was not the way to gain a boy's attention. Jason snickered as he wrapped one arm around Nico's shoulders, looking at him with pitiful eyes. "That was awkward. Even by your standards, man", chuckled Jason. "Not my fault. Have you seen those arms?", hissed Nico, cheeks a little red. "They were nice", agreed Reyna thoughtful. "Mine are better", huffed Jason, glaring when both his friends looked doubtful. "Hey!" Reyna and Nico shared a laugh at that before the three continued their tour. /break\ The second time Nico saw Percy was when they left the Avengers panel. Percy was walking in front of Nico, so Nico had the perfect view on Percy's very nicely shaped ass. That thing was a masterpiece. And also quite distracting. Instead of heading through the door, Nico missed it by about half a meter and walked straight into the wall. At least he didn't go down this time. "Are you alright, Mister Winter Soldier?" Blinking slowly, Nico turned to look at the small brunette boy staring up at him. The Jinora cosplayer who had been with Percy earlier. Nico nodded slowly, very embarrassed. Moments later and Percy entered the room again, looking worried before laying eyes on the small boy. "There you are, Tyson", sighed Percy relieved and knelt down to gather the little cosplayer up in his arms. "I told you not to wander off. There are too many people here, you could get lost." "But Mister Winter Soldier ran into a wall. I wanted to see if he was alright", frowned Tyson. The Korra cosplayer turned to look at Nico with those obviously fake ice-blue eyes. The contacts made Nico wonder what the boy's real eye-color was. Something unique or special, Nico was sure. Maybe silvery-gray, or golden-amber. Nico made an embarrassed face as Percy raised one eyebrow. "Again?", asked Percy, half amused and half curious. "Are you alright?" "Yeah. Splendid", sighed Nico embarrassed. Percy gave him a once-over before nodding. "Well then. Come on, Ty. Mom is already waiting." "Yay! My Little Pony Panel!", exclaimed Tyson excitedly, clapping loudly. Nico sighed again as he watched the two other cosplayers leave. Way to leave a second impression. /break\ The third time Nico ran into a wall because of Percy the Korra-cosplayer was really entirely Percy's fault and not even a little bit Nico's, he swore. He was outside, sitting in the shade on the steps together with Reyna and Jason, taking a little break and a breath of fresh air. Nico's coke was empty and he wanted to go and get himself another one, while Jason laid half-sprawled out on Reyna. "Can you get me a snack? Please?", begged Jason with his Golden Retriever puppy eyes. Heaving a sigh and rolling his eyes, Nico nodded. He was on his way, could already see the door he needed to go through when something blue caught his sight. Blue silk, being waved around in the air. It was Percy, performing a waterbending-like dance with the blue silken scarf symbolizing the water. Nico was barely aware that red and brown silk was being waved around by two others, but Nico really couldn't bring himself to take his eyes off of Percy. The way this boy moved was enchanting and should be labeled as illegal. The way his muscles flexed, the grace and elegance and this pure and happy smile on his lips as he danced and got cheered on by his little brother. He nearly broke his neck as he tried to follow Percy's movements with his eyes while walking. Sadly, that caused him to yet again miss the damn door. This time however, he wasn't as lucky as to remain standing. He fell backward – and tumbled down the stairs. Groaning in pain, he closed his eyes. "A—Are you alright?", asked the by now familiar voice of Percy. "I'm really wishing for Bucky's healing factor right about now", groaned Nico annoyed. "Maybe I can help? I'm a pretty good healer", offered Percy with a teasing grin. "Somehow, I doubt that you're actually a waterbender", snorted Nico and looked at Percy. "That not, but a doctor in training", stated Percy with a smirk. Hot, kind, cute, a nerd and a doctor? Would it be suspicious if Nico just threw Percy over his shoulder and carried him off to his mancave to keep him? Nico stared at him dazed while Percy cautiously checked Nico for serious injuries. He then smiled and gave Nico a thumbs up. "Thanks", muttered Nico, still embarrassed. "I, uh, I'll get going then." "Be safe. Try taking routs without walls", advised Percy with knitted eyebrows. "...Yeah", sighed Nico and hung his head. There was really absolutely no point in flirting with the pretty cosplayer after all of those awkward and embarrassing situations. Nico had made a fool of himself just once too often in front of the obviously graceful