PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Because We're Real || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Because We're Real – Defying Stereotypes and Expectations Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, defying stereotypes, PTSD, Percy is a flirt & tease Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Octavian/Luke, Ethan/Alabaster, Jake/Will, Grover/Juniper, Jason/Reyna, Paul/Sally Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Octavian Simmons, Luke Castellan, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster C. Torrington, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Annabeth Chase, Thalia Grace, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Tyson, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis Summary : Nico and Percy first met in a gay bar. Now, months later, they finally find the time to drag their friends along so they could all meet. Nico is not what Percy's friends are expecting and Percy is not what Nico's friends are expecting. Because We're Real Defying Stereotypes and Expectations /Nico di Angelo\ Nico di Angelo was a bit of an awkward nerd. Had always been, really. He had a slightly defined sixpack, because he had been doing swordplay for years, but he had never been overly muscular. He also wasn't exactly the tallest guy around. He wasn't a shorty – thank the gods he was taller than his sister and cousin at this point, because the teasing Bianca had given him for being taller than him when she was a teen and he wasn't yet, that had been hell – but he was about average, maybe an inch shorter. He didn't have a lot of friends. Never really had. Most of the time, he was happy to just have his big sister Bianca and his little sister-like-cousin Hazel. They had been all he needed. Then middle school had happened and he met Frank and Alabaster in his Mythomagic club – his nerd club, as Bianca had called it. Frank loved Mythomagic as much as Nico did and Alabaster loved everything involving magic and mystic things. They had soon become his best friends – and still were. High school was an awkward thing for him. He felt lonely and left out most of the time. Then the jocks happened. Jason and Reyna. Both forced their way into Nico's life. Reyna bonded with him over their annoying school's coach and Jason caught Nico kissing a boy behind the gym, even though Nico was trying very hard to hide his sexuality at that time. Jason was... supportive. To the extend that it was annoying, really. He did everything to show Nico that he stood behind him, even protected Nico from bullies and all. And then Jason introduced Nico to their school's gay kid – Will Solace, only out and proud gay as far as Nico had been aware. They soon became best friends too. After graduation, Nico still stayed close friends with Will, Reyna and Jason and he also still was friends with Frank and Alabaster. Turned out Alabaster was just as gay as Nico and for a little while, the two tried dating. In the end, it didn't work out. After a lot of awkwardness, Frank admitted that he was bisexual and somehow, Will herded the four of them together to go on their regular manhunts. It was embarrassing and not what Nico wanted, because he was not a social creature. Really, having five friends was already more than enough, but going to clubs and bars filled with people to meet new people? Heaven forbid. Like he was ever going to meet the love of his life in some over-crowded, loud bar where there were dozens of better looking gays available... Or at least that was what Nico thought until the impossible happened and he did find the love of his life at a gay bar when Will, Alabaster and Frank were dragging him along. /Percy Jackson\ Percy Jackson had always been a jock. He had been a swimmer and football player during his high school years, had been running and riding his bike as often as he could. He had always been well-built and also well-liked by others. Always the popular kid with a crowd of friends. He was pansexual, or at least he came to that conclusion during his high school years. He has had a couple girlfriends and a few boyfriends and really, he didn't care about the exterior of a person. Redheaded, blonde, dark-skinned, white, tall, short, male, female – what did it matter? Love wasn't about looks or genitalia, it was about the soul and character of a person. And he got great best friends – one Leo 'I don't need no labels at all' Valdez, his beloved Annabeth who always watched out for him, as well as Grover and Rachel – who always had his back. Since he had never really thought about what to do with his life, he enlisted. Trained to become a Navy SEAL. Which was where he met Luke, his commanding officer, and Luke's best friend Ethan. Both were gay, somewhat secretly dating at the time, which was how Percy had met them to begin with; Percy had walked in on them in the storage room of the ship. There was some threatening and then some talking and ever since, the three of them had been friends. There weren't exactly a ton of gay guys on board, after all, so it was a bit of an unspoken rule to stick up for each other. After Luke and Ethan broke up, Percy and Ethan were dating for a long while. The three of them stayed in contact, even after Percy and Ethan also fell apart and the three were done with their service. Going back too often would break them and Percy wasn't sure how much more war he could handle. Ethan had lost an eye and was honorably discharged and Luke, he somehow felt obliged to be there for his best friend. Percy's last trip overseas had been too much for him and Luke had advised him to take a break, live some and try handling his PTSD. So that was what Percy did. Luke and Ethan caught him, allowed him to crash with them for a while and Percy got to reconnect with Leo and the others. Apparently, they had moved on too with their lives. Rachel was some big shot artist, Grover was engaged to beautiful Juniper and Annabeth was already a great architect making a big name for herself. Leo was working at a garage with a couple guys and a gal he got along with as though they were siblings. Percy spent months with vigorous training and boring therapy sessions. Both, on the couch as well as group therapy where Luke and Ethan regularly dragged him to. He was at a better place by now. Not necessarily the best place – he still got flashbacks and some hard nightmares, but most of the times he was doing okay. He even got a job, regular boring job as a baker in a cute little bakery that belonged to the wife of Leo's boss, a lovely lady named Silena Beauregard. The only thing missing now was a partner to share his life with. Annabeth had tried setting him up with a couple nice girls and Leo had tried setting Percy up with his colleague Jake, which was a disastrous date that got called off half-way through. But Percy got along with Jake and since Jake was like a big brother to Leo, they joined forces. Now Percy found himself regularly dragged to gay bars by Luke, Ethan, Jake and Leo. Obviously they also had their own agendas; finding boyfriends for themselves. Luke was the first one successful at that by meeting one Octavian Simmons. When even Ethan met a cute guy, Percy grew reluctantly hopeful he may also be lucky one day, but never would he have thought he'd find the kind of happiness Nico could give him. /First Time Meeting Their Friends\ "I can not wait to meet this Percy", declared Will excitedly, clinging onto Nico's arm. "No kidding", huffed Alabaster on Nico's other side. "The way Nico talks about him, this Percy must be a saint, an angel and the cutest little bottom on this entire planet." "Yeah", agreed Frank with a curious frown. "If I get to hear any more about his cute ass and the cute sounds he makes in bed, I swear I will hang myself." Nico refrained from commenting, instead asking for their table. Him and Percy had been dating for six months now and even though they had already met some of each other's friends, they figured a bar would be the perfect place to meet the rest. Nico had met Percy's friend Rachel at one of her art-shows with champagne and three-piece-suits. Percy had met Nico's friends Reyna and Jason on a double-date to the movies. That way, they'd still be busy introducing each other to their friends in a year's time, so they grabbed all of their bar-hopping gay friends and put them together. Nico smiled when he spotted Percy with five others heading their way and Percy returned the smile brightly. "Look, that's Nico!", exclaimed Percy, sounding a bit like an excited puppy. Luke frowned confused from where he had one arm wound around Octavian's waist. "Wait. Which one? Because that... that is E's boyfriend, isn't he? So... the big Asian guy?" "He's hot , Perce", whispered Leo in awe, tugging on Percy's sleeve. "He's not Nico", objected Percy with a frown. "...So it's either the little vampire or that Legolas elf?", asked Octavian skeptically. "Lucas, didn't you say that Perseus keeps bragging about his domineering, hot boyfriend...? Do I need glasses?" "No, I'm seeing it too", stated Jake curiously. "And hey, that blonde is far hotter than Legolas." "It's not that 'Legolas elf' either", stated Percy and rolled his eyes. "So, lemme get this straight", requested Octavian, a drawl to his voice. "You – you – let yourself get tied to the bed and fucked six ways to Sunday by him ? Doesn't he get like an asthma attack after one round of sex? He looks like the kind of kid who got chosen last during gymnastics." "Oh, like you're one to talk, beanstalk", snorted Percy defensively and with a glare. "And I'll have you know that just because he's not the strongest, he's far from weak. And he's a real Italian stallion in bed. Now come so I can introduce you, you ass-hats." "Am I the only one who kind of expected some big, bulky hunk of man?", asked Leo skeptically. "No", chorused Octavian, Luke, Ethan and Jake. "Hey, babe", grinned Percy as he sank down on the chair next to Nico. "Hey, doll", whispered Nico back, grasping Percy by the neck and pulling him into a kiss. "Ally, what are you doing here?", asked Ethan as he approached his own boyfriend. "Best friend", stated Alabaster, pointing at Nico. "So your Percy and Nico's Percy are the same, huh. Kind of didn't see that coming, since you said you knew him from the Navy... and the way Nico described Percy... I was not expecting all of that. Not at all." "Hello, I'm Frank", said Frank with a dopey grin, offering his hand to the cute Latino who stood a little lost around next to the table. "You could sit with me, if you want?" "Leo", replied Leo with a small smile, shaking the offered hand. "Nice to meet you."