PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Captain's Son || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Captain's Son – Best Family Trip Ever Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, family fluff, gigantic coincident, hetero, shoujo-ai Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Paul/Sally, Hades/Persephone, Tristan/Beryl, Ethan/Alabaster, Otavian/Luke, Reyna/Annabeth Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Leo Valdez, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Thalia Grace, Jason Grace, Piper McLean, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster C. Torrington, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Ella, Tyson, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis, Tristan McLean, Beryl Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Annabeth Chase Godly Characters : Poseidon, Hades, Persephone Summary : Sixteen years old Nico is forced to go on a cruise trip with his family, even though him and his best friend Reyna had made plans . A cool road trip, just the two of them. Instead, he's stuck on a cruise like old people. He hates it, at least until he meets the son of Captain Jackson. The Captain's Son Best Family Trip Ever The plan for the summer had been to go on a road trip through Europe with his best friend Reyna. He had it all planned out; they wanted to go through Spain, Italy, France and Germany. They wanted to spend the entire summer on the road, sleeping at camping places, renting a camper so they'd be able to do it all. Reyna had even managed to convince her sister and legal guardian to let her go, but when he went to ask his parents, he earned a big fat no. Nico di Angelo was now doomed to spending his summer on a cruiser instead of in a camper. No road trip. No, instead he had to do old people vacation. His father and stepmother had booked the cruise for their whole family and Nico was not getting out of it. Okay, so the only upside was that Hades di Angelo promised to pay for the rental costs next year and promised Nico would be allowed to go then. Reyna had been bummed out but liked the idea of reduced costs. She said they'd have more time to plan things that way and the last he heard was that she instead went to New York to visit her girlfriend Annabeth there. So her summer would still be great. His? Not so much. "Ni—ico! Swim?", asked his younger sister eagerly, tugging on his curls. He grunted and shifted Hazel in his arms some so he wouldn't get his hair tugged by the four-year-old. Okay, so there was one family member Nico totally adored. Hazel was an adorable chubby-cheeked toddler and she looked up to Nico so much. She was his precious baby sister. "Yeah, sorellina, I will go swimming with you", promised Nico with a smile, kissing her cheek. "First, we're going to our suite", declared their father. "Get settled. Then you can explore." Explore. Sure, the Princess Andromeda was a ridiculously large luxury cruiser, but it was still just one ship. There would never be enough to explore and keep Nico entertained for the next month. And having a suite was even worse. At least the di Angelos lived in a mansion, meaning three stories and enough space to avoid each other for privacy. Now they shared a bathroom and living room and that was about it. Three bedrooms, one for Nico's parents, one for his sisters and one for him (at least he got a bedroom all to himself). This was not his definition of a fun summer. "Maybe you will actually gain a tan if you're forced to lay in the sun, fratellino", teased Nico's bigger sister as she ruffled his curls. "Or are you going to lock yourself into your room to pout all summer long? Looking emo and sending whiny texts to Reyna?" "That is the plan, Bianca. That is the plan", grunted Nico with a pointed glare. "You're so over dramatic, Nico", sighed his stepmother Persephone and shook her head. "Ah, just give it some time. I'm sure we're all going to have fun", declared Hades. /break\ Nico tried very actively to not make any contact, but somehow within the first three days, he ended up making four friends. Three friends and some kind of add on. But that was sort of Bianca's fault. On their second day on the cruiser, Bianca made a friend. Her name was Thalia Grace and the two were already completely inseparable. Thalia was on the ship with her parents and siblings, but when she had told her best friend about the cruise, he had decided to tag along because a cruise would be romantic. So Thalia's best friend Luke Castellan dragged not just his lover Octavian but also his best-friend-couple Ethan and Alabaster along. When Bianca heard that, she squeaked and insisted on introducing them, because Nico was gay. Somehow, Bianca thought all gays would instantly get along. He kind of hated that he really liked Ethan and Alabaster, because that was like proving her right. It wasn't like Nico knew a lot of gays, technically only his lesbian best friend Reyna. So maybe it was actually kind of nice to get to know two gay couples. Lesbians were just so different, after all. And Ethan and Alabaster were really awesome. Luke too, but he had more of an over-bearing big brother vibe to himself. Octavian was kind of an asshole and Nico disliked him. "So, you met anything pretty yet?", asked Luke curiously. The seven of them were at the pool, Thalia and Bianca sitting on one lounger, facing Luke's lounger as the three of them were playing cards. Octavian was being used as a pillow by Luke as the blonde was engaged in the card game with the girls. Nico's lounger was between Luke's and Ethan's, literally stuck between the two couples. Ethan was reading a book while carding his fingers through Alabaster's hair as the brunette freckled teen was deep asleep on Ethan's chest. Every hour, Ethan would wake his far too pale boyfriend to put some sun lotion on to keep him from being burned alive, which was all kinds of sweet and made Nico want a boyfriend who'd put lotion on him out of worry too. Nico grunted, decidedly trying to ignore Luke. "No one here who picked your interest?", inquired Ethan curiously. "That blonde lifeguard keeps watching you rather intensely, you know." Nico huffed and opted again for ignoring, while Bianca heaved a sigh. "Instead of being a pouty brat, how about you go and pick Hazel up from her playgroup?" "Oh. Can you pick Jay and Pipes up too, while you're at it?", asked Thalia eagerly. Nico leveled a glare at the two girls. "No. This week Hazel is your duty. And I'm not picking your clingy bratty siblings up, Grace. Those two are your duty!" "Be a good brother, Nico", chided Luke. "Thals and Bia are busy playing cards with me. And all you're doing is sit there and mope, in case your parents walk by." Nico flipped him the bird. "What's in it for me?" "Hazel's adoration?", quipped Bianca. "Come on, you pick her and Thals' siblings up now, I'll get you out of that family trip when we harbor tomorrow, so you could sneak off with the guys." Nico perked up at that. The two couples had plans on going to a gay bar when they would be anchoring at a harbor tomorrow afternoon, but Hades and Persephone wanted to do some kind of family trip. Like it wasn't bad enough they were constantly stuck on the boat together. "Okay. Deal. But you better keep your end up", warned Nico with a glare. "Say hello to Percy from me. He watches the toddler group", called Thalia after them. Nico huffed. Like he was passing on regards to some stranger. He was going to pick the brats up, bring Jason and Piper to their parents and then get Hazel tucked in for a nap. Okay, so maybe Nico was kind of fond of the brats. Jason was clingy and adorable. Jason was Thalia's blood-brother while Piper was her stepsister, Piper's father Tristan McLean and Thalia's and Jason's mother Beryl Grace having met at a daycare center in a movie studio where both actors had projects going on at the time. Nico had read all about that in the newspapers already and thought it was pretty cool, but to actually meet them? Then again, this whole cruise really was for the upper class. Turned out that Octavian was apparently from a filthily rich family himself and had paid for the cruise for Luke, Ethan and Alabaster too, because he'd do anything to make Luke happy, which was kind of the only good quality Nico had found in the blonde, stuck-up Brit. The di Angelos were upper class too. Hades di Angelo was the producer of basically every top ten hit of the past twenty years, or so it felt to Nico. He had so many musicians under contract that to Nico, it had always been kind of normal to meet those people in person. "Ni—ico!", called Hazel out from a far already. Nico smiled fondly at his little princess of a sister. Her wild curls pointed into every direction, her golden eyes sparkling as she made grabby hands for Nico. Well, one grabby hand, the other was wrapped around a scrawny little Latino who was tugged under her arm. The two of them were sitting together with Jason and Piper, as well as a brunette boy and a redheaded girl. It figured Hazel, Jason and Piper would bond since their older siblings had instantly bonded, leading to the girls convincing their parents to sit together during dinner. For the past three days, the McLean-Graces and the di Angelos had been sitting together during meals. "Hey there, did you have fun, sorellina?", asked Nico gently. "U-uh!", nodded Hazel eagerly, hugging the Latino in her arms even closer. "Who's your new friend there?", asked Nico amused as he joined the kids on the play deck. "Is my Leo!", exclaimed Hazel happily. "H—Hello", pied Leo up, looking at Nico with large almond eyes. He had untamed curls and looked kind of adorable, making Nico smile. He knew he liked to pose as the angry, grumpy bad boy, but not when with kids. He wouldn't want to scare them, after all. "Ni—ico!", called Jason out as he tackled Nico, hugging him tightly. Nico was pretty sure he had been adopted by the blonde. Jason always got ridiculously eager when he saw Nico. The blonde smiled up at him brightly as he buried his face in Nico's stomach. Nico was kind of tempted to just steal Jason and keep him. But then again, their family was also living in Los Angeles, just like the di Angelos and Bianca and Thalia were about two days away from starting to plan their shared apartment once they'd start college this fall; it was ridiculous on what level those two had clicked in the short time they had known each other now. So there was basically no way their families wouldn't stay in contact after this cruise. "You must be the beloved slash annoying brother, depending on which di Angelo sister you ask." Nico huffed and turned to the source of the voice, just to pause and gape maybe a little. There was a Greek god standing in front of him. He had long legs, a delectable sixpack,