PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Mafia Heir and His Bodyguard || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Mafia Heir and His Bodyguard – A Ferocious Tiger or a Cuddle Kitten? Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, hetero, polyamory (threesome) Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jason/Reyna, Hades/Persephone Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Will Solace, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Small Bob, Mrs. O'Leary Godly Characters : Hades, Persephone, Thanatos, Olethros, Zerberus Summary : Nico is the heir to the di Angelo family. Aka, the mafia family controlling the entire East coast. And after his sister's deaths at the hands of a rivaling family, his father decides that Nico and Hazel need protection. Nico doesn't really understand why Hades thought Percy Jackson was a good fit, because the adorable, cute dork was more of a cuddly puppy than a vicious guard dog. Or so he thinks until someone actually tries to kill Nico and Nico gets to see just why Percy was hired... Happy birthday to NeryMusician513 ! I do hope it turned out the way you wanted it ;) I definitely had fun writing it *grins* The Mafia Heir and His Bodyguard A Ferocious Tiger or a Cuddle Kitten? Losing his older sister Bianca had been the hardest thing Nico had to go through in his life. He hated his father for it, if he was being honest. For a long, long time, he had really hated his father for it. After all, she would not have died if she wasn't the daughter of Hades di Angelo. Hades di Angelo was the head of the family. The Italian mafia, ruling the East coast. After Bianca died, there was simply no way around a protective detail anymore. Nico knew that. His stepmother looked at him with soft, apologetic eyes, knowing how important his privacy was to him. The idea of having someone follow him around all day, 'protecting' him all day, it was pathetic. Hades sat at the head of the table, with his wife Persephone next to him. Left and right behind them stood their own personal bodyguards Thanatos and Olethros. They were kind of creepy, especially Olethros, but they were doing a good job. Both looked stoically ahead as the family dined. "I already hired your bodyguards so you can pout and mope all you want, Nico, you will not get around this", stated Hades firmly. "They'll arrive some time after dinner." "Great", grunted Nico nonplussed. His younger sister Hazel was less fazed. She didn't mind the protection; after what happened to Bianca, she wanted protection for them all. The thing was, Hazel was nearly eighteen, still in high school and Nico agreed that she needed a babysitter. He? He was in college. He was twenty-two and he did most definitely not look forward to having a roommate who literally only lived with him to protect him. But since mom and dad were paying rent, they didn't give him much choice either. The rest of dinner passed in uncomfortable silence as Nico continued to glare pointedly at his food. When the doorbell rang after dinner, Thanatos was the one to leave and get it. Hades and Persephone kept their king and queen like places at the head of the table. Hazel smiled sweetly and Nico glared viciously at the door, even when the two bodyguards entered behind Thanatos. One of them was a bulky Asian guy who looked about Nico's age. The other... looked like a model that had stepped out of a magazine. The tousled black hair, the crooked, cheeky grin, the mischievously sparkling eyes that were neither green nor blue but somehow both. The suit was fitting him to a t, hugging all the right places and leaving little to the imagination, but oh Nico's imagination was already running wild with what little it did give him. One word: Delicious. "This is Frank Zhang, he will be your detail, Hazel. Mister Zhang, my daughter Hazel. If one hair on her head is crooked while under your care, you will be missing limbs", started Hades casually. "And that is Perseus Jackson. He will be your bodyguard, regardless of your opinion, Nico. Mister Jackson, my son and heir, Nico. Now, you may get to know each other." Hazel's eyes were wide in appreciation as she shamelessly checked Frank Zhang out, noting how buff and well-trained the tall young man was. He blushed brightly at her obvious leer. Nico was already feeling bad for the guy. Then, Nico's attention went to Perseus Jackson. Well, if that was the view he was going to have in his apartment from now on, he might not mind as much. "Percy", stated Perseus with a pleasant smile on his lips. "Everyone just calls me Percy." "...Nico", offered Nico after a long moment as he took the pretty boy's hand. /break\ "Ah, like the heat-wave alone wouldn't be bad enough. That you haven't jumped his bones yet is completely beyond me", muttered Nico's best friend two months later. Nico rolled his eyes pointedly as he took a bite from his pizza. They were having a study group session, Nico, his best friend Will and their friends Jason and Reyna. Not that they shared too many classes; Will and Nico were training to become doctors and Jason and Reyna were training to become lawyers. But they made a rule of at least taking one class together. "Will's right", agreed Reyna, both eyebrows raised as she joined Will on the couch. Will was already kneeling on it, one arm on the backrest of the couch as he was fanning himself with his free hand. Reyna joined him in his obvious leering. Percy was doing pull-ups on the metal pole at the upper end of what had become Percy's bedroom. Due to the mentioned heat wave, Percy was down to shorts, upper body covered in a sheet of sweat, muscles flexing. "Re—ey", whined Reyna's fiance Jason with a glare. "Seriously?" "Oh. You're delicious too, but just because I have a nice meal on my plate doesn't mean I can't look at what's on other plates...", smirked Reyna mischievously. "He's not a piece of meat. Stop staring at him, both of you", grunted Nico annoyed. "Focus." He knew they were right, of course. He has been living with Percy Jackson for two months now and the young man – twenty-seven, making him five years older than Nico, which really wasn't that much, right? – made a habit of walking around nearly naked. Either he forgot his clothes when he went to the bathroom, or he was training, or it was just too hot for too many clothes, or he went to get a drink after going to bed and due to his habit of only wearing boxer-shorts to bed, that also left him half-naked. Nico was pretty sure he had memorized Percy's torso pretty well at this point. He would probably be able to draw the tattoo on Percy's back from memory by now. It was a gorgeous mermaid, sitting on a stone, with the waves curling around it, opening up to a beautiful piece of a coral-reef with various fishes that ran down the right side of his back. Nico wanted to trace that tattoo with his tongue and teeth. Jason nudged Nico out of his day-dreams. "So... how has your dating life been going since he moved in?", asked Jason doubtfully. "I mean. It must be weird trying to flirt with someone while a guy like him hangs over your shoulder." "You know I'm not much for dating", sighed Nico irritated. "Regardless of how much Will is trying to set me up. I'm very happy being single and focusing on my studies." "You're lonely. You just won't admit it", huffed Will as he turned his back on Percy. "You can't just live for your work, Nico. You need some fun . At least a one-night-stand or two!" "No", stated Nico rather firmly. "I don't believe in one-night-stands. That's bullshit. You shouldn't have sex with someone without any feelings between you. Sex is something intimate ." "Both of them aside, is he... okay?", asked Reyna gently. "I know you were kind of afraid that the bodyguard your father would pair you up with might turn out to be homophobic." "Personally, I think I'm more than okay. I'm also pan, so not homophobic. And if you guys could like... drool a little less over me while I train, that would be great, because it's kind of embarrassing", interjected Percy before Nico could answer. The bodyguard had a towel around his neck as he leaned over right next to Nico to reach for the pizza box and steal a piece. Nico would have to lean in just half an inch to lick the sweat off that tempting neck. Yes, he didn't believe in one-night-stands – but he wanted more than just sex from Percy. The bodyguard was more than just his model-like looks and well-trained body. He was the kindest, dorkiest, most adorable guy Nico had ever met. The two had already spent an entire weekend simply not moving from the couch and instead binging the MCU. It was so cute. He was so cute. Percy loved horses and puppies and kittens – he had actually asked with adorably large eyes if it would be alright if Percy's puppy and kitten could move in with him too. He had also assured Nico that if it wouldn't be okay with Nico, then the two could also just stay with Percy's parents. But there had been such a kicked-kitten look on Percy's face when he had said that... there was no way Nico could have said no. Not to mention, Nico had his own giant black hound named Zerberus. And Zerberus and Percy's dog Mrs. O'Leary got along like a house on fire. Basically, Nico loved spending time with Percy. He kind of adored Percy already. "Uh, sorry about that", apologized Reyna a bit embarrassed. "You're just very nice to look at." "Thanks", chuckled Percy with a blush of his own, looking at the Latina. "You're not bad yourself." "Hey. No flirting", interrupted Jason irritated. "Hello, I'm Jason, that's Reyna, my fiance ." Percy looked surprised for a second. He had met Will, Jason and Reyna before during the past months of course, but he hadn't known about the engagement. The surprise however was soon replaced by a flirtatious grin and a wink as he looked from Reyna over to Jason. "Hey, I didn't exclude you, pretty boy", smirked Percy, wiggling his eyebrows. "I like him", hummed Reyna amused as she watched how Jason's face turned beet-red. Nico huffed a little, returning his attention to his pizza, because he didn't like when Percy flirted around. It made him feel irrationally possessive and angry. After all, he was the one Percy was supposed to protect, so Nico should be the sole center of Percy's attention. "Okay. I think we still have a couple of exercises to go through", declared Will loudly. He effectively brought focus back to the topic at hand and for the next two hours did their little group actually get something done. Percy moved on to the bathroom to take a bath. By the time he emerged from the bathroom again, the pizza was nearly completely gone and Will, Jason and Reyna had already left. Nico was lazily laying on the couch with Small Bob