Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Vampire Lord's Family || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy Title : The Vampire Lord's Family – A Coven and a Pack Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, vampires/werwolves, possessiveness, mating/mates, pets/slavery, blood-play, aftermath of rape, hurt/comfort, shoujo-ai, threesomes, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Trend/Derek/Sam, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Thanatos/Triton, Herakles/Triton (one-sided), Jake/Will, Luke/Octavian, Piper/Annabeth, Jason/Reyna, Charles/Silena, Chris/Clarisse, Grover/Juniper, Tyson/Ella, Hades/Persephone, Bryce/Drew, Marshall/Sara Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Charles Beckendorf, Silena Beauregard, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Tyson, Ella, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Thalia Grace, Drew Tanaka, Bryce Lawrence Godly Characters : Poseidon, Triton, Calypso, Hades, Persephone, Thanatos, Herakles Own Characters : Samuel Raser, Derek Rhys, Trend Austin, Marshall Mikaelson, Sara Mers, Phylicia Rosenberg, Leroy Jones Summary : Ten months after the incident at Drew's manor, Nico is very happy and settled with his mate the vampire lord. He started building a small, but good, pack. Everything is going well, until adopts a little orphaned cub named Trend. It makes Percy want an own heir, a human child he can raise and then turn when he's off-age. So they also take in a boy named Derek. Together, the coven and pack have to grow and go through hardships. Such as the pack that had attacked Drew. The Vampire Lord's Family A Coven and a Pack Chapter 1: Trend Percy smiled blissfully, fingers curled into soft fur, nose pressed against a soft belly. He loved his mate, because ever since Nico had figured out how to shift into a proper wolf, Percy got the best cuddles ever. His werewolf of a mate reached Percy's belly-button in wolf-form, which meant a lot of softly furred wolf to cuddle. He was gorgeous, all black fur and deep, golden eyes. Sometimes, Percy just stared at him and marveled at the beauty of his mate. He was one lucky vampire. "Percy! Get ready, please , there is a meeting you have to attend in Washington!" "Urgh, get lost, Annabeth! I'm very busy!", called Percy back, voice muffled by fur. "Cuddling your mate is not an excuse to miss a meeting between the lords!", countered Annabeth. Percy whined again, a little louder when Nico turned back to human. The werewolf smiled amused as Percy tried to hide his face in Nico's sixpack. Caressing Percy's hair, he tried to wiggle out. "Come on, Perce", whispered Nico. "We'll see Leo again. You wanna see Leo, right?" Percy huffed. He hated how well his mate knew him by now, because Nico knew exactly what buttons to push to make Percy do something. Reluctantly, he got out of bed and dressed. There was a reason why Nico had been eager to get Percy out of bed. For one, he had never been to Washington before. That aside, he was probably the first werewolf to attend the meeting of the vampire lords. Granted, Nico's pack was a little nervous about letting them go. A small smile slid onto his face at the thought. He had a pack. A family . Ten months after the attack on Percy's life, the vampire lords would finally meet to discuss how to deal with it. Nico had accomplished far more in the last ten months than the vampires had. His pack was small, very small, but it was his and the wolf inside of him preened at it, proud to have someone to care for and protect. The first one he had turned had been Will Solace, actually. The blonde had been dating a vampire for years now, but never been comfortable with the idea of taking the Bite, but ever since Nico had turned into a werewolf, Will had gotten a little bit obsessed. After all, he was the first scientist who truly got to examine a (willing) werewolf and learn more about the species. He had gotten so deep into it that, after three months or so, Nico had offered him the Bite. So Will could experience the change, the hyperaware senses and everything else being a wolf entailed truly meant himself. Will had accepted, quite eagerly. The blonde was, just like Nico, the most captivated by the intense matebond a werewolf experienced. Jake Mason was a happy vampire, now that he got his own clingy werewolf-mate around. With his only pack-mate being a doctor, Nico spend some more time in the hospital than before – apparently, the bond with a pack-mate was a rather strong one too. Go figure. With how much time he spend in the hospital, he got to know Charles and Silena better. They grew closer and the two humans among the supernatural grew more curious. Nico offered them the Bite – mostly so because his inner wolf longed for a larger pack, needed more than just his vampire-mate and Will. They accepted it. And now, with his small pack of four, Nico was already pretty content. "We're taking Annabeth, Piper and Tyson?", inquired Nico as he packed some things. "Jupp", confirmed Percy with a small nod, frowning. "I don't like it. Last time I took you to an official vampire-meeting, you nearly got killed and got yourself turned into a werewolf..." "All the reason more why I need to come", growled Nico and grabbed Percy by the waist, pulling him up until they were chest to chest. "Because last time you went to an official vampire-meeting you nearly got killed and if I wouldn't have been there, you would be dead now." "Manipulative werewolf", growled Percy playfully and kissed Nico. "Let's go then." /break\ The United States Capitol was not what it used to be a hundred years ago, when humans were still in charge of the world. Still, Nico was no less impressed. After all, no non-vampire had seen it in over a hundred years. In a completely round room were five levels with each ten stands, like Nico had seen in operas and theaters. Each of the total of fifty stands had a beautifully engraved designation – each stand for one state. Percy next to him laughed a little as he elbowed Nico. "Stop gaping. Remember, you're the mate of a lord", whispered Percy teasingly. They had entered their own stand from a back-entrance and now Nico could overlook everything. It was very impressive, but now he tried to look as unimpressed as he could. Which wasn't much, considering that he was with some of the most important and influential people of their planet right now. The Olympians had taken over starting with the US and colonized the world. Other lords were in the other countries and on the other continents, having similar councils like this. The US had finally done it, they were the center of the world, mused Percy with a wry smile. "Percy!", exclaimed an excited voice from the stand next to theirs. Their stand considered of two throne-like seats for the lord and his mate and three smaller chairs in the back of the stand for the obligatory maiden, adviser and bodyguard to accompany a lord. Blood-red satin curtains were drawn back so they could overlook the round meeting room. And, apparently, Louisiana was seated left to New York, judging by the excited Latino next to them. "Leo!", exclaimed Percy as excited, leaning over the balustrade to hug the other lord. While the two started chatting too fast to make any sense, Nico grinned and leaned over to bump fists with Frank, who squeezed in past Leo to be able to talk to his own best friend. "So, how are things for you in New York these days?", asked Frank concerned. Nico knew he was referring to how Nico settled with his lycantrophy. "Good. I have a pack now, you know? A mated pair and a fussing doctor. Things are easier with them, we figure things out together as it comes and we run together under the moon. That's the best part, I think. And you?" "Being a vampire is awesome ", grinned Frank broadly. "Did you know some have powers?" "Yeah, Percy told me. He can manipulate water. Makes for kinky shower-sex", replied Nico. "I can shape-shift into any animal I can picture", told Frank with sparkling eyes. "Oh yes, he can!", exclaimed Leo, tugging on Percy's sleeve. "See, I get knotting now too because Frank can turn into a wolf too if he wants! Hazel has a lot of fun choosing animals..." "And Leo takes them so well", purred Hazel mischievously as she hugged Leo from behind. "Sounds like a lot of fun", commented Percy doe-eyed, blinking slowly. "Silence!", called the deep, dark voice of Poseidon out. In the middle of the round room stood Poseidon, looking angry. Nico's heart thumped so fast, he feared he'd gain the attention of every vampire present. Percy tugged on Nico's sleeve until both were standing at the forefront of their stand, just like every other lord. Nico gripped Percy's hand tightly. They were both wearing New York's official colors – a dark sapphire-blue. "Today's council meeting is about a serious matter. Serious enough for me to join you", growled Poseidon, pacing the floor, his posture strict and straight. "Ten months ago, a pack of vicious wolves attacked the lives of two lords. I am here because the Olympian Council wishes to know what has been done in the matter. I see no executions, no arrests, nothing. Why?" They all knew, in the back of their minds, that the main reason Poseidon, out of all Olympians, was here was because one of the lords attacked was Perseus and everyone knew Percy was Poseidon's little darling. Murmurs started to sound softly all around the hall. Nico's grip tightened. "The responsibility lays with Lady Drew", pointed an annoyed looking punk-girl with electric-blue eyes out. "It happened in your jurisdiction, Lady Drew. Where is your investigation at?" "That's Thalia, Lady of Pennsylvania", whispered Percy into Nico's ear. "I figured the last part out myself", stated Nico with a deadpan. "Her booth says so." Percy grinned sheepishly and leaned in to kiss Nico's cheek. "Sorry. I'm nervous too." "We're investigating, but there is not much to do", huffed Drew from three rows below. Nico couldn't hold back, he growled and jumped off his seat, claws digging into the balustrade. "I don't care what's there do, you're a fucking vampire lord . Snoop around, turn every stone! There's no way a pack of werewolves can hide forever from vampires – we smell kind of strong." There was an eerie silence as every vampire present stared at the werewolf intensely. Percy took a shaky breath (unnecessarily so, but sometimes, he felt better when doing it) and stood up to join his mate. Standing there in the center of attention, he took a slow look around. "During the attack on mine and Lady Drew's life, my chosen mate was bitten by a werewolf as he tried to protect me", stated Percy in a calm, even and nearly cold voice. "Figures that out of all fifty lords and ladies, you'd be the one to make things differently", commented the handsome blonde lord in the booth designated as Nevada, mischievous blue eyes observing Percy . "How does it work out? A vampire lord and a werewolf as his mate ." "It's very... delicious", replied Percy with a lopsided grin. "Seeing as he hasn't always been a werewolf and I