PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || In a Hundred Years (I'll Still Love You) || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : In a Hundred Years (I'll Still Love You) – This Life and Any Life Following Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, character death and rebirth, rebirth-fic, genderbed, threesome, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Reyn/Annabeth, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jamie/Gwen, Tom/Cal/Eli, Sander/Donny (mentioned) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson (reborn as Perseus Jackson Raser), Nico di Angelo (reborn as Nicolay Iliov), Annabeth Chase (reborn as Annalene Raser), Leo Valdez (reborn as Leo Alduino), Hazel Levesque (reborn as Duncan Bishop), Frank Zhang (reborn as Frankie Yumi), Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano (reborn as Regina Gatti), Chuck Hedge, Festus Own Characters of the Next Generations : Bianca Maria di Angelo, Hades Poseidon di Angelo, Theseus Paul di Angelo, James Charles di Angelo, Laura Silena di Angelo, Jackson Tyson di Angelo, Calogero di Angelo, Tomazius Grace, Samuel Elijah James Raser IV, Samuel Elijah James Raser V, Arwen Yates, Samuel Elijah James Ignatius Raser Own Pegasi : Tsunami, Twister Summary : Percy lived to celebrate his hundredth birthday and in the circle of his children, he takes his last breath without regrets, because he knows that Nico is waiting for him in their next lives. A year after his death, his great-great-grandson is born and to honor the great hero, the boy with the remarkable sea-green eyes is named Perseus Jackson. Or PJ, for short. PJ lives a happy and content life until he turns fourteen and gets the quest to bring a Russian demigod son of Pluto to camp. This one is for my most dedicated fans only, because if you haven't read at the very least "Chasing Fireflies" and "Prom Queen", this one will confuse the Hades out of you. In a Hundred Years (I'll Still Love You) This Life and Any Life Following Chapter 1: The Rebirth of Percy Jackson /August 2093\ Perseus di Angelo had lived to an exceptional age, especially considering he was a demigod. When he was a child, he had always feared dying young, never getting to grow old. But he had gotten it all. The love of his life, the job of his dreams, the children and grandchildren. Even great-grandchildren and great-great-grandchildren – granted there were only two of the latter so far and they were still very small. The blessing of having given birth early. But somehow it had always slipped his mind what growing old meant. He had watched so many friends and loved ones die and fade. Great names like Jason Grace were only notes in history books anymore, even his son Hercules Grace had died years ago now. It had only been in the last two years that Percy had gotten ready to let go, because two years ago he had buried the love of his life. He saw it in the eyes of his grandchildren when they visited that they too knew that with Nico di Angelo's death, Percy too had lost the will to keep going. They were all doing fine, they didn't need him anymore. His children were over sixty themselves by now, all grandparents themselves. Donny even a great-grandparent already. Losing his mother had weighted hard on him. Losing Annabeth had taken its toll on him. So many more of his friends followed. He had outlived two of his own children, the thoughts of his daughters Sally Persephone and Hazel Pandora made his heart heavy for a long moment. It had still come as a bit of a surprise to the other children of Percy when the oldest of them, Donny, had called them to alert them that Percy's time had come and that it was time to say goodbye. The children of Percy and Nico di Angelo gathered as fast as they could, in such a haste that they couldn't even bring their own children and grandchildren with them. But in a way, the family had already said their goodbyes two days ago on the big birthday party to honor Percy's hundredth birthday. Today was only the small circle of Percy's children. The only one still a young and beautiful teenager was Bianca Maria. Still sixteen, dressed in her silvery-gray huntress-gown as she had excused herself from Lady Artemis' last hunt to bid her final goodbye to her mother. When Percy looked at her, he felt himself flashing back to the day he had first met his beloved Nico and Nico's sister Bianca. The thought made Percy smile faintly. Donny di Angelo sat at his mother's bed, a soft smile on his lips as he held one of his mother's hands. The skin was leathery from years of being out in the sun, the face, once one that charmed many to fall for him, now wrinkled with lines that showed the life he had lived. Sea-green eyes that shone so bright all those years ago now only held a dull glow. Thess Chase stood next to his older brother, eyes filled with sadness and yet also with pride. He was seventy-five himself and he never had thought he'd have his mother around for as long as he got. His branch of the family had moved to Italy permanently after his twin-sister had died during a quest so many years ago. He had never gotten over the loss and needed the distance. He knew that losing his mother now would make his heart even heavier, but he also knew that his own children and grandchildren would await him back home in Venice to consult him. Jimmy and Silly Ellen were standing more in the background, eyes sad as they watched their mother. Silent tears were gathered in Silly's eyes and even though she was already seventy, she still held that grace and beauty she used to as a young girl. Her pinky was linked with Jimmy and both of them wished their husband would have been here too, but not everyone lived such a long life and fate had taken Basty from them too early. All they had left was each other. Jack Hood had his face buried in Percy's chest, crying loudly and thoroughly. Even being sixty-six did not stop him from feeling like a little boy, because nothing had ever been able to replace his mother in his life, not his husbands, children or grandchildren. His mom was his mom and losing him was the most horrible thing Jack could picture. Percy's fingers carded slowly through Jack's silvery-gray hair, trying to sooth his child even at this stage of life. "It's alright", whispered Percy, his voice hoarse and only a shadow of itself. "It will be alright. I'll get to see your father again. My Nick... my Ghost King..." Those were the last words falling from his lips before his soul left his body. For a few minutes, the only sound that could be heard in the room was Jack's sobbing. Donny smiled pained. "But... didn't you say papá chose rebirth?", asked Silly after the longest time, sounding unsure. "He did. I... I visited him in Elysium after he died", replied her twin-brother Jimmy. "H—How... will mamma find him then?", inquired Silly, her voice tight. "He will", answered Donny firmly, mustering the smallest smile. "Mamma and papá always find each other, even when eighty years separated them, papá found mamma. Even through memory-loss and Tartarus they found each other. Not even rebirth will keep them apart." "Are you sure?", whispered Thess softly, frowning a little. "Absolutely", confirmed Bianca Maria certainly. "I... I hope so", sniffed Jack, looking up at his older brothers. /break\ Calogero di Angelo was exhausted and upset. But he had felt that way ever since his grandmother's funeral. It hadn't come as a surprise when Percy di Angelo had died at the age of hundred and Cal himself was a grandfather by now, but that didn't make the loss any less painful. "How do you feel, Cally?", asked his husband Tom Grace softly. The formerly blonde grandson of Jason Grace had rather sophisticated, gray hair already, after all he was short of sixty himself. And still Tom looked as handsome as ever to Cal and Eli. "If you're not ready yet, we can still cancel the babysitting", offered Eli Raser concerned. The three of them had gotten married so many years ago and were still as deeply in love as they had as teenagers. Eli and Tom sat down on either side of Cal, taking his hands to squeeze. "That's not a good idea, Eli", declined Cal and shook his head. "I just lost my grandma. It makes me want to spend even more time with my own grandchildren." "That's true, Annalene is growing up so fast. Last time I saw her, she could barely stand on her own and now she's already running around like a hyperactive bunny", laughed Tom delighted. The threesome of Tom, Cal and Eli ever had only one child – the biological son of Cal and Eli. Samuel Elijah James Raser the Fifth. Family tradition of the Rasers, the name of the first born son. And just like his grandfather the Third who went by 'Sam' and his mother the Fourth who went by 'Eli', the Fifth went by 'Jamie'. Jamie was his parents' pride and joy; their only child. Jamie had grown up to become the head of the Roman division of the Demigod Protective Service. He was well-respected and had found love in a daughter of Venus by the name of Arwen. The couple had two young children and were more than grateful to hand the little ones over to the grandparents every now and again to get some time to themselves too. As if on cue did the doorbell ring. Eli smiled and placed a kiss on Cal's cheek before getting up and opening the door. Jamie and Arwen were on the other side of the door, together with their kids. "Grandpa, nonno, daideó!", yelled the barely one-and-half years old girl. Annalene was the cutest, strawberry-blonde toddler. Eli made faces to make the little girl giggle as he took her from her mother. Arwen was grateful for all the help Tom, Cal and Eli offered with the children. Granted, Arwen had been skeptical at first – a demigod daughter of Venus who had been raised in the mortal world, for her it had been a surprise to meet Jamie Raser, a son of three men. Apparently, things were different in the godly world. It had taken her some time, but her three fathers-in-law were nice and accepting of her so it came easy to her to accept them. Especially when Arwen and Jamie had gotten married. And then came their firstborn child and she had barely been twenty, completely in over her head if she was being honest. Samuel Elijah James Ignatius Raser was her little prince – and wasn't that a mouth full, but Arwen found herself obeying her husband's family-traditions. Apparently, the Raser-family was an old Irish family with tradition. The firstborn son had been named Samuel for five generations, then the name Elijah had been added, five generations later it had become Samuel Elijah James and now that Arwen's husband was the fifth generation again, their son got another name added to the list. Who was Arwen to argue with a tradition that went back all the way to the Round Table? After all, she herself had Gaelic roots too. Apparently, the name 'Igantius' too meant something to her husband's family. Arwen was happy about it, that her