PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || One Saga's Epilogue || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : One Saga's Epilogue – Is Another Saga's Prologue Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; epilogue to "Blood of Olympus" Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, friendship, h/c, Nico-centric, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy (pre-slash) Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel, Jason/Reyna, Piper/Annabeth, Chris/Clarisse, Jake/Will, Tyson/Ella, Paul/Sally Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Lou Ellen, Nyssa Black, Octavian Simmons, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Tyson, Ella, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis, Blackjack, Small Bob Summary : THIS is my head-canon-piece that ties in between "Heroes of Olympus" and, well, my "A Very Half-Blood"-series (seeing as those are the main-pieces on Nicercy's relationship). So, obviously, this will have a LOT of BoO spoilers, seeing as it's basically BoO's epilogue. It ties in right in about the middle of Nico's last POV, answering some things I have been missing (like the reunion between Percy and Sally) and explaining how canon and my head-canon are compatible. Previous head-canon-pieces you should have read to understand some of the divergences from canon that will be mentioned in here and may confuse you otherwise are: "The Curse of Cabin 9", "Best Friends and Boyfriends" (re-reading that one just makes me feel like I was about three books ahead of Rick...), "When a Wise Girl Goes to War" and "Reunited Again". One Saga's Epilogue Is Another Saga's Prologue "I am not going to apologize for my actions, praetor." As he said that, the blonde Brit crossed his arms over his chest in defiance, leveling a glare at the Puerto Rican girl in front of him. He looked all the pouting brat he was, who got called out by mommy for misbehaving. Frank next to Reyna glared at Octavian just as heatedly. It was amusing to watch for Nico, really. He was leaning against against a tree in the shadow of the forest. "I... didn't expect you to", sighed Reyna, sounding exhausted as she carded one hand through her hair. "What you did risked all of our lives, but... I'm aware you acted on account of New Rome." And he did, Nico admitted to himself. When the Argo II had first arrived in New Rome, a possessed Leo had attacked their home. After Romans versus Greeks had already been the cause of the Civil War, it was a safe assumption that the Greeks had come to raid New Rome and kill them. It was the Roman thing to do to plan a counter attack and with two of the three praetors on board of the Argo II, Percy a possible spy and Jason possibly brainwashed by the ones who had captured him months ago. Only Reyna's love for Jason, her new-found friendship and trust in Percy and Annabeth's words had compelled Reyna not to scream bloody murderer back then either. That aside, in the very end, when Reyna and Nico had finally delivered the Athena Parthenos and appealed to the Romans that the true war was not taking place between Greeks and Romans, he had at the very least been reasonable. Still pouting and wishing to destroy the Greeks, but one must learn to admit defeat when it was called for and a true Roman knew how to chose his battles. "That doesn't change that you risked our legions", countered Frank, looming over the blonde. "Oh, I have the perfect punishment planned for him", chimed Rachel with a bright smile as she wrapped one arm around Octavian's shoulders in a nearly mocking way. "What may that be?", inquired Reyna, cocking one eyebrow. They were standing in the center of camp, most campers either surrounding them or peeking out of their cabins to watch curiously. Reyna, Frank, Octavian, Rachel, Annabeth and Percy. The Roman leaders, the Greek leaders, oracle and augur. Annabeth watched the ginger cautiously. "Ella and I decided to come with you Romans", declared Rachel. "The Sybilline books are all stuck in Ella's head. We're going to document them. And Tavy here has the grateful and honorable duty of writing them down. All of them. With ink and feather. Keeping it classic and all." Octavian made a face as most others snickered. But he knew not to argue with her. She had already threatened him with her hair-brush before and he was not keen on repeating that experience. The sudden yelp from a startled Sea Prince interrupted the scene and turned the attention of everyone, including Nico, to the sons of Poseidon; Percy being scoped in Tyson's arms. "I'll go with Ella. Have to protect my girlfriend", stated the cyclops, still sounding close to tears. "I will miss you, big brother. But Ella needs me. We will come and visit you again." "Okay, big guy", smiled Percy fondly, ruffling Tyson's hair affectionately. "I'll miss you too..." Rachel was being hugged tightly by Annabeth, while Piper and Reyna were practically suffocating each other. Unwillingly, Nico pushed himself off the tree and walked up to the group. His sister was the first one to hug him, even though they had already said their good byes in their cabin. "Come and visit when you're not all shadows anymore", whispered Hazel into his ear. "Ti voglio un mondo di bene, sorellina", breathed Nico against her hair. [trans: I love you a lot, little sister ] He could hear her choke a laugh. She may not understand Italian, but he was pretty sure that his voice was clearly transmitting the message. She was his sister and he loved her. He always would. Frank nodded sharply at him over Hazel's shoulder, signaling that, yes, he would watch over her and love and cherish her the way she deserved. Nico nearly choked as he was hugged from behind so tightly, he feared his ribs would crack. Damn that lost puppy of a Roman hero. "Promise me you'll stay here, promise me you'll be more social", muttered Jason. "You're embarrassing yourself, pontifex maximus", said Nico calmly. "Put me down this instance." The son of Jupiter grinned sheepishly as he put the son of Hades down and looked at him with fond and also sad eyes. Their adventure with Cupid still rang in Nico's ears. Would always. He had only three people he had let close before – Bianca, Hazel and that one friend he had made at camp; Lou Ellen. But when he had first brought Hazel to Camp Jupiter, he had slowly, cautiously started a friendship with Reyna too. It was easy to admit the truth to those he cared about, but if he was being honest, he had never blatantly said it out loud outside of this small circle of trusted once. Admitting his love for Percy in front of a practical stranger like Jason had been different, but it had given him a different kind of confidence. He would have to work up this kind of courage, to be who he was even in front of those he didn't trust if he ever wanted to conquer Percy's heart. "I promise", whispered Nico softly as he lifted his fist, a faint half-grin on his lips. Jason's whole face lit up as they fist-bumped. "This is not the last you see of me, di Angelo." "I wouldn't expect any less. After all, I will be overseeing the work on Hades' temple myself", stated Nico with a full-blown smirk this time. "Can't have you screw that up, Jupiter brat. And... be good to Reyna. She deserves the best. If you're less but the best, I'll send zombies to haunt you." Jason actually shuddered at that threat, turning Nico's smirk just barely wicked. Which brought him to the next. Reyna was standing there, looking at him with an expression so much like Bianca's. Fondness and love, but also concern. And somehow gratitude. He gasped as she pulled him into a tight hug, her head resting on his shoulders. He had been intrigued by the daughter of Bellona when he had first brought Hazel to Camp Jupiter and even though he had not been able to trust her with the truth – the full, Greek truth – he had trusted her. The bond between them ran so deep by now, he had to admit that aside from Hazel and Percy, she had become the most important person in his life. The things they had entrusted in each other on their journey to Camp Half-Blood had been intense. She would forever have a special place in his heart. "Come visit us again, ambassador of Pluto", stated Reyna. "Not a request, an order." "Yes, ma'am", nodded Nico, slowly letting go of her again. "Be good to him. He's an annoying blonde, but I think he has potential. Don't be too hard on the oversized Golden Retriever." "Hey!", protested Jason loudly from where he was hugging Piper goodbye. Nico turned to them and he had to admit that he felt some pity for Piper. Out of her two best friends, one was now dead and the other was leaving for the other end of the US together with his girlfriend. Hazel, Reyna and Frank too had become good friends to her over this quest and they would also be leaving. The only reason why it wasn't pure pity he felt was because of the golden-locked blonde who had her fingers intertwined with Piper's. Piper had the support of the one she loved and with Annabeth's help, the daughter of Aphrodite would one day be okay again. Though Nico had to admit that he had been quite stunned when after Annabeth and Percy had tumbled into Tartarus and he had become the somewhat captain of the crew, he had learned that Piper was worried for her girlfriend 's safety. It appeared that over the months they had been stuck at camp and Annabeth and Percy had been apart, feelings had bloomed. Feelings that had been put to words before they had reached New Rome in the Argo II. "Man, this is such a sad party here. Stop being so girly, you all look like you're ready to cry and break down", grunted Clarisse with a glare, clapping her hands once. "Romans, out. Greeks, to work. We have lots of repairs to do. I want this camp in top form again by the end of the month." Nico's eyes danced with amusement. He could see regret and that lingering, somewhat happy sadness that departure brought with it in her brown eyes too. She had grown just as fond of the Romans on their journey to Athens. Nico turned around as all parties seemed ready to leave. "And where do you think you're going?" He stopped and slowly turned around to see a sight that was more intimidating than the Furies on a bad day when Nico didn't bring them their Happy Meals. Percy, Will and Lou, all glaring at him. "My cabin. A nap, perhaps", replied Nico, raising one inquisitive eyebrow. "Why, Percy?" "Like Hades you will!", interrupted Lou irritated. "I saw how crappy you looked when we met on the battlefield and honestly, you don't look that much better! You fade ." "And you're not allowed to fade", stated Percy softly. "So be a good boy and go with Will." "Doctor's orders. You are staying in the infirmary for at least three days", nodded Will in agreement. "Three days?", sputtered Nico as Lou and Percy linked their arms with