PJatO || Nicercy || How to Court the Prettiest Omega Ever in Five Years or Less || Nicercy || PJatO Title : How to Court the Prettiest Omega Ever in Five Years or Less – (Hopefully Less!) Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, ABO-verse, mating, possessiveness/jealousy, heat, explicit intercourse, anal, knotting, marking, hurt/comfort, fluff, threesome, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Reyna/Annabeth, Paul/Sally, Nico/Will (really only in Percy's head), Jake/Will Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Annabeth Chase, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Will Solace, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Jake Mason, Sally Jackson, Paul Blofis Summary : Percy always had to fight against Omega-prejudices. It only got worse when he learned he was a demigod. The greatest heroes? They had been Alphas, not Omegas. So Percy had to fight extra hard during the two wars. He tried not to give finding a mate too much thought – there had been Luke, such an impressive Alpha, who then betrayed him, he got together with his fellow Omega Annabeth so both of them could shake off the Alphas. He had met Nico di Angelo when the scent of Alpha had still been mild and soft, dampened by the innocence of youth. After the wars, when Nico's true Alpha-potential is reached, when Percy is finally in a phase of peace where maybe looking for a mate could be an option, there is this other Omega, always hanging out with Nico, leaving his scent all over Nico. It makes Percy very territorial. How to Court the Prettiest Omega Ever in Five Years or Less (Hopefully Less!) All his life, Percy had fought harder than any Greek hero before him. He already had to fight before he realized he was a demigod. He had to fight against the prejudices and suppression that most Omegas faced in their lives. Kids at school made fun of him for being a boy and being of the 'weak' gender. Girls were supposed to be Omegas, what a worthless loser had he to be to be a male Omega? Percy wasn't the kind of person to take an insult silently, so he had gotten into a lot of fights. Which, in return, only made the jabs and teasing worse, because Omegas were supposed to be those cute docile little things. So, on top of being a worthless loser Omega, he was also totally failing at being an Omega, apparently. It didn't get better when he learned he was the son of Poseidon and thus supposed to become a great Greek hero. Because apparently, all the real big heroes of ancient times had been Alphas. It wasn't completely true; one thing got better when he came to Camp Half-Blood. He got rid of Smelly Gabe. Ninety-nine percent of Percy's nightmares had been caused by the disgusting Beta. The threats, the creepy words – how once Percy would 'fully bloom', Gabe would make a fortune with him. Percy had been twelve when they got rid of the abusive creep, not yet in his full heritage. Most fully blossomed between thirteen and fourteen, when the much dreaded phase of puberty set in. Omegas went into their first heat, Alphas into their first rut, because reproductive systems kicked in and awkward conversations with parents and doctors and teachers ensued. Percy had been twelve when he got thrown into the godly business, not yet fully fledged Omega, but one could always tell. Under that dampening cotton-like scent, there was already the tell-tale of Omega to be smelt. And to be judged. What? That was supposed to become their great hero? A scrawny, short little Omega? Really? Percy saw the sneers and heard the comments. And then there was Luke. Luke, that tall, dominant picture of an Alpha. All Percy could do was stare with an open mouth and a blush. He was a natural leader, the leader of camp and of his cabin. He took Percy under his wing, started training him and treated him no different than others. He taught Percy how to use a sword without one doubtful look if an Omega was even capable of such a thing. Needless to say, twelve-years old Percy who had heard nothing but snide comments about being an Omega so far, he developed a fast instant-crush. How could he not, after all? Well, until Luke tried to kill him. Repeatedly. That was kind of a big no-no for Percy. That was that then. No more Alphas for Percy. Percy was not going to submit to his nature, he wasn't going to turn into a blind, dumb mess, obediently trailing after an Alpha just for the sole fact he was an Alpha. Percy would not be controlled by his Omega-instincts, or an Alpha. He wasn't going to get his trust and his heart broken like that by any Alpha ever again. Grover was a Beta. Kind and awesome Grover, Percy's best friend. Annabeth was an Omega too. Hence the rocky start of their relationship. She had been fighting very hard that an Omega could be a hero for years longer than Percy and then Percy came along and had those advantages over her – sure, he was an Omega, but at least he had one thing in common with 90% of the ancient heroes; he was a guy, and on top of that he was also a kid of one of the Big Three. Which even made things worse on two accounts, because aside from giving him 'more power than she had', Poseidon also happened to be Athena's rival. There was also the whole possessiveness of Omegas. One would assume Alphas were territorial, but Omegas? They could be worse, if they were challenged about their place in the pack. And to Annabeth, Luke and Grover were part of her pack and having Percy be the focus of their attention had made her more than hostile. At least until Percy earned his spot in the pack. Because that was the other thing about Omegas; if they were challenged, they could be more feral and dangerous than any Alpha. But once two Omegas bonded and accepted each other, there was really only one bond stronger – and that was a mate-bond. Once Percy proved himself to Annabeth, the two of them became instant best friends and very protective over each other. After all, they shared a goal. Okay, so maybe there was one Alpha in his life. His younger brother Tyson, who adored Percy and was very over-protective of his Omega big brother. Percy was really grateful for having found Ty. They went out to the Sea of Monsters and Annabeth for the first time met an Alpha she was interested in, only to be torn apart after a far too short time. A handmaid of Circe by the name of Reyna. According to Annabeth, she had been kind and sweet as she braided Annabeth's hair, even though Alphas were normally not very fond of doing such 'Omega-y' things. But Reyna had that amazing smile and she was nice to talk to. And then Percy and Annabeth managed to destroy Circe's spa and they were on the run so far, they lost sight of Reyna. There wasn't much Percy could do, even though he wanted to reassure her – he knew chances of them ever encountering the Latina again were close to zero. If only he would have known how wrong he was. Thalia Grace was brought back from the plants. Percy and the female Alpha did have a rather complicated relationship. There was a natural animosity coming from Thalia, because Percy's defiant behavior was very much not how an Omega was supposed to behave when faced with an older Alpha. On the other hand, they had something in common. Female Alphas were, just like male Omegas, something rather rare. And in the end it was probably the shared relationship to Annabeth that brought the two cousins closer and forced Thalia and Percy to get along. Not that she stayed around for too long, because precious months later, she already joined a different pack. Artemis' hunting pack. Which was the same time a completely different Alpha entered Percy's life. Nico di Angelo. Wide-eyed, red-cheeked, awe-struck and adorable. Ten years old, the scent of Alpha still hidden beneath layers of cotton. His behavior was nothing like that of the Alphas Percy had known when he was that age – like Nancy Bobofit and her goons. No, he was just genuinely curious, claiming he had never-ever seen a male Omega before and firing a gazillion inappropriate questions at Percy – what was it like being an Omega, if he had an Alpha, how it was that he was a hero and an Omega, what his Alpha thought about him heroing around. There was no judgment in his questions though, just pure, innocent curiosity and something inside of Percy really enjoyed that, so he indulged the kid and answered, because he'd rather have the young Alpha growing up knowing that Omegas could be strong and proud on their own instead of shutting him off now and having him learn from some idiot Alpha that Omegas belonged in the kitchen. Percy could have easily pictured taking Nico into their small, little pack. But Fate had other plans, as usual. Nico's sister died, Nico seemed to hate Percy and left them all, Thalia joined the hunt. Grover left to find Pan and Percy felt like his life was slowly unraveling, just like his pack. Maybe that was why he had so desperately clung to the idea of finding Nico and bringing him back to camp. Because he couldn't bring Bianca or Zoe back from the dead, he couldn't bring Thalia back from the hunt, he couldn't make Grover stop looking for Pan. But Nico? Percy could do something. Daedalus' Labyrinth happened and Percy's pack gained a sassy, strong-willed Beta in Rachel Dare. He also managed to somewhat rekindle his relationship with Nico, thanks to Bianca's ghost (which was a very weird thing to say, even considering the world Percy now lived in). Grover resurfaced, found Pan and rejoined their pack properly. Sure, there was the whole matter of Luke being taken over by the essence of Kronos and Percy hadn't been able to convince Ethan to join them, because the Alpha was too loyal to Luke, and Daedalus' death but other than that Percy booked the Labyrinth as mostly successful. As far as Percy had successes anyway. Percy's view on Alphas changed. They didn't have to be the ones manipulating him with his nature. There was Clarisse, who had started out as a regular Alpha bully, but was by now a good friend. Beckendorf, who was the definition of a gentle giant, there was Nico, who really confused Percy. A kid like him who hadn't presented yet normally tried to find a pack and make a spot there for themselves before presenting, to assure their future. Instead, Nico kept running off to the underworld – but somehow Percy still could trust that Nico would be there when needed. Beckendorf died. Silena died. Ethan died. Luke died. Percy died a little on the inside. The war ended. They were 'victorious', whatever that meant. Sure, the world hadn't ended, but they were just kids and had to watch their friends and family die, had to kill . Percy and Annabeth started dating. Because hey – they were heroes now, had been rather celebrated heroes for many months now and