PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Jakill || The Sunshine of the Future || Jakill || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Sunshine of the Future – And the Shadows of the Past Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, family fluff, adoption, mpreg/post mpreg, alternate families Pairings : Nico/Percy, Jake/Will Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Jason Grace, Will Solace, Jake Mason Own Characters of the Next Generation : Nicercy : Bianca Maria di Angelo, Hades Poseidon di Angelo, Sally Persephone di Angelo, Theseus Paul di Angelo Jakill : Elizabeth Beckett-Heath/Mason (adopted daughter of Apollo) Summary : Piece of my headcanon-timeline - Set thirteen years after the Giant War. Jake and Will want to adopt a child and it makes Will and Nico reminiscent on how much has changed. The Sunshine of the Future And the Shadows of the Past "Daddy, daddy, daddy!" Nico barely had the time to put his cup of coffee down before his oldest son collided face-first with his stomach. The little half-Italian wrapped his arms tightly around Nico's midsection. Chuckling amused, Nico ruffled the dark curls. The seven years old lifted his head up to stare at Nico with adoring, sea-green eyes, smiling brightly at his father. "Yes, bambino?", inquired Nico amused. "Bia is playing with ghosts again!", exclaimed the little boy frightened. "Bianca Maria!", called Nico. "No ghosts inside the house! You know Donny is scared of them." A little girl, a year older than her brother, rounded the corner, hands behind her back, black eyes large and innocent. Her dark curls were put up into two pigtails, at either side of her head. She was wearing a white dress with silver stars all over, making her look like a little angel. "Sorry, daddy", mumbled Bia. "I'm not the one you should be apologizing to", stated Nico and grabbed his kids by the hands. "Sorry, Donny", readdressed Bia, looking over at her younger brother. Nico tugged the two of them along over to the living room. Best way to distract them was with fun. Their younger siblings were sitting together on the floor, only five years old. Their twins, Sally Persephone and Theseus Paul, all happy smiles and giggles as they build a castle with wooden blocks. On the couch next to them was Percy laying, reading a book and occasionally looking to see if the twins were behaving. One of Percy's hands was placed on his prominent midsection. He was in his last trimester of his by now fifth pregnancy. "Nico", acknowledged Percy when he saw his husband enter. "Mommy, mommy, mommy!", exclaimed Donny, breaking free from his daddy to run up to mom. Percy laughed amused as he put his book aside and wrapped one arm around the little boy. Donny rested his head on Percy's chest, turned to face the round midsection of his mommy. He patted it. "Hello, little siblings!", exclaimed Donny excitedly. "When will you come out to play?" "Soon, Donny", assured Percy and ruffled his son's hair. "What will we call 'em?", asked Thess, large, dark eyes turning to his mom. "Percy!", exclaimed his twin sister Sally Persephone, or Percy for short. Thanks to the Stolls trolling the di Angelos. Nico rolled his eyes and sat down next to the twins to help them play while Bia joined her brother and mother. "Two Percys are more than enough in one family, junior", corrected Nico. "But...", started Percy Junior with a pout, sea-green eyes fixed on her father. "Your brother will be named James Charles and your sister will be called Laura Silena", answered Percy softly, fingers caressing Donny's curls. "Your daddy and I chose those names last week." "They're weird", stated Thess with a frown, scrunching his nose. "Your name's Theseus Paul! Is weird too!", countered his twin, sticking her tongue out. "Is not!", exclaimed Thess loudly. "Is too!", stated Percy Junior, equally loud. "Please, cease the screaming, bambini", sighed Nico, ruffling both their hair. They huffed and tried to swat their dad's hands away. Percy smiled amused as he watched the three. "Why those names, mommy?", asked Bianca Maria curiously, tilting her head. She knew she was named after her grandma and auntie on dad's side, like Donny – Hades Poseidon, actually – was named after their godly grandpas. Thess, also Theseus Paul, was named after a great hero and their mortal grandpa, like Sally Persephone was named after their other two grandmas. "James and Laura were the names of my grandparents, your grandma Sally's parents", answered Percy slowly. "And Charles and Silena were... two very good friends of mine... Two great heroes." "Why am I not named after a hero?", complained Percy Junior with a frown. "Theseus and Bianca and Silena and Charles and both grandpa Hades and grandpa Poseidon are kinda heroes too." "Don't let your grandfather's hear the 'kinda'", warned Percy with a fond smile and pulled her close to kiss the top of her head. "And you are named after the greatest hero there ever was." "Really?", gasped Percy Junior, staring with large, curious, dark eyes at her mom. "Yes. Because you're named after my mother", smiled Percy and kissed his daughter's forehead. "Okay. Will you be alright with the little ones, Percy?", asked Nico as he straightened his tie. "Who do you think takes care of them when you're working late?", grunted Percy with a deadpan. "Where's daddy going?", asked Thess confused as he crawled up into his mommy's lap. "I have work to do in New Rome", replied Nico, leaning down to kiss Thess' head. "You children behave and listen to your mamma while I'm gone. No mischief and no teasing your siblings." "Yes, papà", chimed Bia, Donny and Percy Junior obediently. "Can I come with you, papà?", said Thess at the same time, eyes wide. "Huh?", grunted Nico surprised, staring at his youngest son. Thess got off the couch to stand in front of Nico, offering him the largest, chocolate-brown eyes possible, lower lip quivering in what Nico knew to be the begging-kitten eyes that Percy had passed on to their children. Basically, Nico had nothing to say in this house anymore, because whatever his children or husband wanted, they got by looking at Nico like that. Suddenly, Donny was right next to his little brother, having an identical look on his face, sea-green eyes just as large and begging. "If Thess comes, can I come too? I'm older and more responsible!", exclaimed Donny. "What? I-", started Nico with a frown, turning to look at Percy a little lost. But all the son of Poseidon did was grin and pull his daughters closer. "I like that idea, what do you say, girls? Let's send papà and the boys away and do a Disney-princess-marathon?" Bia's and Percy Junior's eyes sparkled brightly at that. Normally, it was more the other way around. Percy would be with the boys and Nico would be with the girls. Donny may have the powers of both his parents, but he was a little Sea Prince at heart, while Thess was a legacy of Poseidon. Both their daughters were legacies of Hades. In a way, the children sought out the parent who shared their powers. Thess and Donny loved water and going to the beach and riding. Bia and Percy Junior loved creepy things and ghosts, they preferred to go to a graveyard than going to the beach. "Only if we start with Nightmare Before Christmas !", argued Bia with hopeful eyes. Percy made a face, but he still nodded in agreement. "If you two want..." Nico laughed amused. He knew his husband preferred The Little Mermaid over such a dark and creepy movie, but well, they were both willing to compromise for the sake of their kids. Kneeling down, Nico opened his arms wide and embraced his two boys. Donny and Thess clung onto his neck tightly as Nico shadow-traveled them to New Rome. Things had changed a great deal over the years. Nico remembered vividly how he, Lou Ellen, Piper McLean and Grover Underwood had gathered in the small living room of his and Percy's apartment in New Athens, drawing first drafts of the Demigod Protective Service. Until they had everything planned through, so much time had passed. When they had opened the doors for the first time, it had been one of the proudest moments of Nico's life. They had done so many good things for so many children. They had changed the way the demigod society worked. So much so that the Romans had opened their own branch of the DPS, with Jason Grace in charge. Which was where they were heading right now. Sure, Jason was the head of the Roman DPS, but today's case was a special one and Jason had asked him to join. They took in orphaned demigods, or those who moved away from their mortal parents so they wouldn't endanger them. They placed the children in foster families, so no 'year rounder' had to live in a summer camp or a cohort anymore, but got to live with a proper family to take care of them. Either that, or when they were older, they got placed in social apartments where they were supervised by satyrs and agents of the DPS to ensure they wouldn't just live from junk food and never clean up. The orphaned ones often found permanent homes with demigod couples who desired to have children but either couldn't have own children or didn't want to risk the outcome of their combination – the power that Donny held was incredible and frightening at the same time, as a legacy of both Hades and Poseidon. That was what they did, but today's Roman case was a personal one. Leo, Frank and Hazel were two-times parents, Piper and Annabeth had three children, Jason and Reyna also had three, just like Clarisse and Chris, even Lou and Miranda had two children by now and Katie and Malcolm had their beloved daughter. Their generation was reproducing, to sum it up. They were retired heroes, they had settled down, gotten married and started families. Today was the day another couple from their generation was going to build a family. Apparently – or so Nico had interpreted the excited babbling from Jason – Will Solace and Jake Mason had filed for adoption last week. Nico smiled fondly at the thought that his friend would finally start his own family too. After all, Nico knew first-hand how much children changed a person's life. "Uncle Jay-Jay!", exclaimed Donny loudly and sprung free from Nico's grasp. Jason barely had time to look up from his desk when his little godson collided with him. Nico grinned a bit. Donny had this habit of hitting people face-first. A bit like his mother, who always stormed into danger head-first without pausing to think things through. "Hey there, kiddo", grinned Jason, ruffling Donny's curls. "Perfect timing. Jake and Will are right on their way. Come on. I've been thinking about... uh, well, what kid would fit for them." "Well then, give me some information", grunted Nico, approaching the desk. "We have... a lot of orphans at the moment, sadly enough", sighed Jason, adjusting Donny on his lap so he could reach the files scattered on his desk. "Some are already in foster families where they're already pretty happy with chances of adoption. Others have their mortal parent still in the mortal world and aren't looking for adoption, because they don't want to severe that bond." Nico nodded only half