PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Purest Water || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Purest Water – How Nico Saved His Forest Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, mating, heat, breeding, feminization, forced over-stimulation, spanking, mpreg, magical creatures/Faes, magic, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Reyna/Annabeth, Jason/Piper, Chris/Clarisse Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Piper McLean, Jason Grace, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez Own Characters : Calandra Rodriguez, Chrysander Rodriguez, Bianca Maria di Angelo, Hades Poseidon di Angelo Summary : Percy is a water nymph and all his life, he had been told not to leave his lake. He does. And he meets an earth Fae. Nico loves his forest and he wishes to protect it, but chemicals from a car accident nearby had poisoned the pond and killed its water nymph. Without a water nymph to purify it, Nico's beloved forest would die. He leaves to find a water nymph that fits his needs. The gorgeous water nymph he encounters covers even more than required, actually. The Purest Water How Nico Saved His Forest All his life, other nymphs had told Percy not to wander off. He had been born in a large lake, so large it held many other water nymphs. It was nice to have so much company. They told him of lonely spirits in smaller water bodies who had no such company. They told him of the dangers of that. Nymphs were social creatures, they didn't last long on their own. They also told him that humans were dangerous and that he should never wander off. Percy wasn't good at listening. /break\ The forest laid in silence, wind whistling through the tall, proud trees. In the silence, a nearly black stag stood, watching over his forest. The king of the forest was called Nico. He had been a young fawn when his father had died and left him to lead not only their herd but also rule their forest. He was joined by the others of his herd as they looked down into the dead valley below. His younger sister nudged him concerned. Hazel was a beautiful doe and she loved the forest at least as much as Nico did. It was the forest their parents had already protected before them. Both of them were Faes. Nature Faes. Guardians of the forest. Their herd considered of those needed to protect a forest. The earth Faes, leaders of the forest – Nico and Hazel. Those who kept the earth warm and fertile. Four seasonal spirits – Leo the autumn, Reyna the winter, Piper the spring and Clarisse the summer – all four deers like Nico and his siblings, but their deer- forms were adored with seasonal plants. Leo's antlers sported red, orange and yellow leaves, like the branches of a tree, his fur was tinted the tiniest bit red too. Reyna was a white doe, pure as snow itself and when her hooves touched the ground, the tiniest bit of frost gathered there. Piper's fur was adored with colorful blossoms that seemed to grow around her ankles up in ranks. Clarisse's fur was earthy and somehow had a green tinge, like the freshness of summer. Her mate was not a nature Fae though, Chris was a Trickster. A guardian over the animals – Frank, who could shift into any animal form he pleased even though normally natural Faes were only limited to one human and one animal form. A wind spirit who kept the air fresh. Piper's mate Jason. And Nico's adviser, the wise owl-shifter Annabeth. The problem however was that their water nymph had recently passed away. A human truck had severed off the road and crashed into their forest, leaking some chemical substance that had slowly poisoned the pond and with it, its nymph. With her death, their forest was doomed too. The poison would spread through the earth, killing the plants, the animals would drink its water and die just the same. It would most likely also cost them all, Nico knew that, because they depended on the fruits growing in their forest and the water running through it. " I have to go, Hazel ", stated Nico firmly, looking at the doe next to him. " I know ", sighed his sister, hiding her face in her mate Frank's flank. The wind spirit Jason and the Trickster Chris had no animal form – not every Fae did, after all. They looked confused, unable to understand his friends as long as they were in animal-form. Nico looked at them critically. He would trust Frank to keep Hazel safe and he would trust Hazel to keep their herd and their forest safe. He had to. Turning some, he nudged Hazel's face. " Be safe, brother ", pleaded Hazel softly. She had her smaller mate pressed against her. Leo was a delicate stag, though his antlers were pretty impressive with its colorful leaves. Hazel valued her little seasonal spirit a lot. They were important to a forest to keep the change of seasons and the schedules of the forest. Reyna walked over to him, looking at him proudly and curiously. On her white antlers sat a beautiful white barnowl. Her mate Annabeth. The owl turned her head, silently asking if Nico was sure. " If anyone comes here, I expect you to turn into the cruelest, broadest bear and chase them away, Frank ", ordered Nico, turning to Hazel's other mate who normally joined them in deer-form. Frank nodded obediently. Nico was their Alpha, it would be nearly impossible to disobey him. Natural spirits always lived in packs, herds, prides – whatever primal animal-form they had – and they always had an Alpha. A leader. The king of their forest. Nico looked over his shoulder one last time, seeing how Annabeth flapped her wings where she sat on Reyna's antlers, how small Leo looked stuck between the taller forms of Frank and Hazel, how Jason and Chris, the only ones looking human, stood amidst them and caressed their respective mates Piper and Clarisse. They were his herd. His family. He would not lose any more family. He had lost their water nymph, he would not lose anyone else. For that, he needed to find a new water nymph for their forest. /break\ Percy regretted having left his lake. It had been eight days now and he grew delirious. He had been out of the water for too long. He needed rest, needed fresh water. Relief washed over him when he finally arrived at a river. The nymph living there was not the kindest, but he allowed Percy to stay in a branch of his river. Percy soaked for a little while, just enjoying it. He was growing homesick. Not exactly for his lake, but for a home in general. For not having to wander around all day, for not having to hide whenever he heard a twig snap, the fear of humans strongly imprinted into his mind. But the lake wasn't home. Not anymore. His mother had passed away and he knew he wasn't wanted there anymore. His mother had been the only reason why he had been accepted there to begin with. Because he wasn't like other water nymphs. He was a half-breed. His mother was a lake nymph, but his father was an ocean nymph. Fresh water and salt water nymphs normally didn't mix well. Crawling out of the river again, he decided to continue. He believed in love, but he had never found love at the lake and his mother had protected him. Without her, he knew that some horny nymph would eventually take advantage of him there, because he was a natural submissive. Many had leered at him for years now. So he continued his journey before this river's nymph would get any ideas. He was not going to submit to someone he didn't love. He continued farther and farther along, walking as far as he could before he grew too tired. He had to find a place to sleep. Yawning widely, he sat down on a rock and looked around. A twig behind him snapped and he whirled around hastily, just to face a beautiful stag. He was so dark that his fur nearly appeared black, his antlers high, mighty and more than impressive and his eyes nearly as black as his fur, boring into Percy's very soul as the animal looked at him intrigued. "Hello, handsome", smiled Percy amused, cocking his head and reaching one hand out. He had heard tales of deers, but he had never met a real deer. In his old nature reserve had been no deer. Never before had he seen such an impressive animal. He leaned forward some, cautious not to startle the amazing creature. The stag slowly approached him, cold nose touching Percy's hand. Percy giggled delighted at that and started to caress the stag's head. He was a nature spirit, they did have a connection to animals. Though then the stag turned around and Percy frowned. He didn't want the gorgeous creature to leave. For too long, Percy had been alone now. He was longing for some kind of company, even if it was only an animal. Though then the stag turned his head, looking at Percy and waiting. Oh. Percy hastily stood and ran after the stag, who continued his way now. The stag led Percy to a tall tree, covered in moss and with a large heap of leaves gathered at its roots. The stag laid down and looked up at Percy, waiting. The water nymph smiled brightly and pushed the leaves to make a bed for himself, though before he could lay down, the stag cooed. Percy looked up confused. The stag tilted his head and his antlers got caught in Percy's robes, tugging and pulling him close. Percy stumbled a little and came to lay with his head resting on the stag's strong midsection, feeling the soft fur beneath him. Smiling a little, Percy snuggled up to the warmth of the animal, grateful for it. The nights were horribly cold outside of the water. /break\ Nico had been running through fields and forests for days now, crossing dangerous things as streets and villages on his way. But after not too long, he felt his hope wavering. Not just because all nymphs he had encountered were tightly bound to their water, but also because he felt his heat approaching. He was an Alpha, he had a herd to lead and a forest to rule, so his body seemed to try and push him into finding a mate to secure his bloodline. The heat was pushing other needs into the forefront of his mind, even though he truly had more important things to consider than fawns. When the heat made him stagger in his steps, he caught a scent. The alluring and unmistakable scent of a submissive Fae. Its sweetness drew him him and made him change directions. He would later consider this being fate – that his heat had made him change his mind and led him to the perfect water nymph. When he stepped into the clearing, he saw the most enchanting thing ever. A water nymph, sitting on a rock. The delicate boy was wearing a shredded, blue robe, a manifestation of waves and foam. Pearls in between them and set between his black,