PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Blue Roses and Black Cupcakes || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Blue Roses and Black Cupcakes – The Baker and the Undertaker Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; human AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, cuteness, misunderstandings, courting, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Piper/Annabeth, Frank/Hazel, Frank/Hazel/Leo (implied), Jason/Reyna, Grover/Juniper, Hades/Persephone, Paul/Sally Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Tyson, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Piper McLean, Annabeth Chase, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Will Solace, Lou Ellen, Cecil Rogers, Connor Stoll, Travis Stoll, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis, Mrs. O'Leary, Aurum, Argentum Godly Characters : Demeter, Hades, Persephone, Zerberus Summary : Nico's father owns a funeral home, his stepmother owns the flower shop next to it. One day, a gorgeous baker buys the empty café in their street. For Nico, it's love at first sight, but he doesn't have much experience with romance. Blue Roses and Black Cupcakes The Baker and the Undertaker It had been an impulse-buy. Percy wasn't normally one to act on impulses, but he just couldn't resist. He had gone to the graveyard, as he often did. His mom's parents had died in a plane crash when his mom had been a young girl and she had been raised by her uncle Rich, who then died of cancer when she had still been a young woman. Percy had never met any of them personally, but they were family and Sally had often taken Percy to the graves when he was little, telling him stories about his grandparents and granduncle, so in a way he felt as though he knew them. Whenever his mother couldn't make it, he would go and take care of the grave, renew the flowers every other week, water them, make sure the graves were clean and all. The graveyard was beautiful and the family owning the flower shop right opposite it was nice and kind. Percy was actually friends with the staff. There was a little café next to the flower shop, where Percy usually got a bagel and a coffee for the way, since the graveyard wasn't exactly close to his apartment. He loved the little café, it had instantly drawn his attention because the house was bright baby-blue and blue was Percy's favorite color. So when one day as he checked on the graves, he noticed that the café was closed – closed for good, apparently – he couldn't withstand the temptation. He went to his best friend Annabeth, who was an accountant and knew financial stuff way better than Percy. After she laughed in his face because he didn't even have close to enough money to buy a café, much less to renovate and kickstart his own business, he reluctantly went to two more people. One of them being his second best friend Rachel, who was rich, the other being his dad, who also was kind of rich. He didn't beg or ask them to just give him the money. He went with Annabeth at his side and roped them into investing money in him. And while Poseidon was overjoyed to help his son out – he actually insisted on just giving Percy the money, but Percy in return insisted on paying him back for it. Rachel all the while was hooked – and she wanted to do more than just lend him money, she wanted to be his partner. Financially and in the café itself. She had jobbed as a barista during college, because her parents denied her to pay for art classes, but once she became an actual artist, she made more than enough money to never need to rely on her parents again. And as much as Rachel loved being an artist, it had her cooped up in her apartment nearly all day long. She wanted to get out more, meet people, spend time with her favorite people. Working in the café sounded awesome for her. His father all the while gave him more than just money too – he gave Percy his little brother. Tyson was seventeen and Poseidon thought that it was time he learned to be responsible too, so now Percy had a waiter and boy for everything while he also got to spend time with his beloved baby half-brother. So, with the financial support, the emotional support and the physical help from everyone, Percy went and bought the café only two days after he had seen that it was for sale. Sure, it was a lot of work to renovate the place and make it his own, but bless his big family, because all five of his older half-siblings came to help as well as his friends, his mom and stepfather and of course Tyson, who was very excited to work with Percy. "I am so dead", whispered Percy at the end of the first week of renovating. He collapsed at the bar on one of the plastic covered bar stools. His mom sat next to him, smiling fondly as she lifted the paintbrush to paint his nose blue. He grumbled, making Sally giggle. "You wanted to open up a bakery, you gotta work for this", declared Sally fondly. Percy wiggled his nose and glared at his mom playfully. "I've been working! Look at all this work! Triton, Proteus, me and Leo completely tore the counter down and built a new one. We installed a new kitchen, got a new hardwood floor, Benthy, Rhode and Kym helped me organize new chairs and tables and Rhode the sweetheart stitched the white table clothes with cute fishes to fit the theme... While all my helpers come and go, I've not left this place for a week straight now..." Sally smiled softly at him, brushing his hair out of his face. "I know, honey. I was just teasing. I know how hard you've been working and you won't believe how proud I am." "Aw, look at the Jacksons, being sappy again." Percy and Sally turned to look at Annabeth. The blonde was grinning teasingly as she entered the bakery together with her gorgeous and awesome girlfriend Piper. Piper had been here every second day to help out since she wasn't too busy. She was a tomboy and cheeky and she could make Annabeth forget the name of her favorite architect with just one look, which was to equal parts awesome and ridiculous and Percy loved teasing his best friend about it. "So, you know I got good news for you", chimed Piper, waltzing over to bump hips with Percy. "You're taking over renovations and I can nap?", asked Percy with hopeful eyes. "I got you a cook", huffed Piper and rolled her eyes. "And a waitress. You said you got a barista in Rachel and a waiter in your little brother, but you need more than just one waiter, you know?" "Really?", asked Percy, sitting up straight and groaning at the pain in his back. "Who?" "Well, the waitress is incredible, she's super awesome and so hot. Isn't she hot, Annie?" "The hottest", snorted Annabeth fondly and rolled her eyes. "Oh. You're talking about yourself", chuckled Percy. "Yup", confirmed Piper, grabbing a paintbrush and bucket of blue paint from the counter. "I'm kind of bored anyway since I don't got too many classes this semester, so I figured a part time job would be a great idea. So Annie isn't my sugar momma anymore." "Ew", snickered Percy and made a face, just to have Annabeth elbow him. "And the cook?" "The cook is...", started Piper in an obnoxiously loud voice. "Your very own, very awesome, very irreplaceable Leo Valdez!", announced a loud Latino. Leo burst into the room like he was a Hollywood star ready for his photo shooting. Percy stared for a second before squealing and hugging the excited Latino. Percy legitimately adored the jumpy tinkerer who had helped him build stuff like the counter. Sure, his brothers were the muscles behind this, but Leo was a genius when it came to building things. "Wait. You can cook?", questioned Percy after a moment. "Well duh", huffed Leo and rolled his eyes. "You know how I took all those cooking classes last year, right? I know like all the food by now! And you said that it tasted awesome!" "...The cooking classes you took because you saw this 'totally hot couple' signing up for French cooking class last spring, so you decided to also sign up and afterward you turned into their cooking stalker?", questioned Rachel doubtfully as she emerged from the kitchen. "I'd like to hear that story", requested Sally as she perked up. "Okay, so", started Piper excited as she and Rachel sat down with Sally conspiratorially. "Leo was fixing up a restaurant, you know how he occasionally helps out his big half-brothers in their workshop, right?", continued Rachel with a smirk. "And while he was working there, the restaurant was holding cooking classes. One day, he saw this couple signing up..." "Gorgeous girl and handsome hunk", interrupted Piper, wiggling her eyebrows. "So, you know Leo, he's the definition of impulse decisions and bahm, he signed up for a French cooking class." "Because they started asking me if I wanted to sign up since I had been standing right behind them for like five minutes", whined Leo weakly, blushing embarrassed. "I had no other choice . But... cooking was actual fun. So I kept signing up for more classes. And I'm really good." "That, I can vouch for", agreed Piper with a heavenly sigh. "Well then, it's settled!", declared Sally with a playful smile. "What's settled, love?", asked Paul curiously while carrying the new lampshades in. "Look what came. Or, well, look what was left outside because the delivery guy is lazy." "Percy just decided to hire Leo as his new cook and Piper is the new waitress", replied Sally. "...This bakery sounds more like a clubhouse at this point", stated Paul amused. Percy grinned proudly and nodded. "This bakery is going to be awesome. I'll have all of grandma's cakes on the menu and Leo can cook up like small lunch dishes, we can also sell sandwiches and of course salads. Breakfast menus – bacon and eggs, waffles, bagels, pancakes! Everything!" Sally's eyes actually got a little wet at that. She and Percy started baking her mother's recipes when Percy had been little, when they had been living with Sally's abusive first husband. They'd make the cakes, curl together in front of the TV while Gabe was out gambling and for the duration of that cake, they could pretend the world was perfect. And eating the cakes, when Sally would close her eyes, she could still see the faint outlines of her mother's smile and the ringing of her father's laughter, when she used to bake with her parents as a little girl. "You raised a good boy", whispered Paul as he came to stand behind his wife. "Don't put all the credit on me", argued Sally with a faint smile. "You may have only entered his life when he was fourteen, but you were the male role-model he needed. He was... out of control as a teenager and even though I gave him all the love I could... it was just all so hard..." "Sally, honey", interrupted Paul softly as he wrapped his arms around her shoulders. "I know. I know your life hasn't been easy and I am grateful that I could help you. Both of