PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Trenderam || A Teacher's Family || Trenderam || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : A Teacher's Family – Life at Aken Academy Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; high school AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, threesome, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, masturbation, self-loathing, past rape, past child abuse, alternate families, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy and Trend/Derek/Sam Side Pairings : Luke/Octavian, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Piper/Annabeth, Chris/Clarisse, Charles/Silena, Jason/Reyna, Grover/Juniper, Octavian/Percy (past), Marshall/Sara, Loki/Blance, Vic/Stella/Jonas Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Silena Beauregard, Charles Beckendorf, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster C. Torrington, Juniper, Grover Underwood, Paul Blofis, Sally Jackson, Hades, Persephone, Small Bob, Mrs. O'Leary Own Characters of the Next Generation : Nicercy : Sam Raser, Derek Rhys, Trend Austin Luktavian : Sedanur Aykan, Chrisse : Calandra Rodriguez, Chrysander Rodriguez Jayna : Hercules Grace, Pipabeth : Theadora Tiphane Chase, Frazeleo : Nicole Esperanza Zhang Own Characters : Marshall Mikaelson, Sara Mers, Phylicia Rosenberg, Melissa Montgomery, Stella Ribeiro, Jonas Meyer, Victor Kruger, Erik Anderson, Charles Smith, Takara Thompson, Loki Murdock, Blance Lamour, Leroy Jones, Joanna Foxx Summary : Nico and Percy adopted Trend, Derek and Sam. Now they have to raise their children and it proves to be easier when they're kids, because as teenager, they also have to battle hormones. Not that their kids have it easy, being the sons of the swim coach and the Italian teacher at their high school and knowing most of the teachers privately leads to some mocking and bullying. A Teacher's Family Life at Aken Academy Chapter 1: Foster Parents Rachel had been a little miffed about losing her atelier – she had gotten so used to painting in Percy's apartment. But painting the walls of the room had been kind of fun too. The walls were a soft sky-blue now, even with clouds. Frank, Jason and Nico were putting up a bunk bed with three bunks, while Percy, Travis and Connor were fighting with a desk. Piper and Reyna were putting a wardrobe together under the instructions of Annabeth. "I can't believe that you went with Luke and Octavian for support and came back with three kids", snorted Rachel amused, carrying two arms full of stuffed animals in. "I mean... really?" "We didn't come back with them. We'll pick them up today, right after this room is finished", declared Nico and rolled his eyes. "And it's not my fault Percy looks so cute with children." Percy laughed amused from where he stood. They had talked to Lupa for what had felt like hours and after that, they had gone through the legal stuff and went shopping for the boys' room. Days had passed and Percy had visited the orphanage every since day, promising the three little boys that they could live with them. Derek and Trend didn't believe it, won't until all three were home with them. "Today, Nico and I will become dads", declared Percy with a face-splitting grin. /break\ About five hours later had Derek standing in the middle of Grover's former bedroom / Nico's former bedroom / Rachel's former atelier (yes, that room had seen a lot already), staring around critically, with Trend right behind him. The only one who hadn't dared to go inside yet was Sam, who was clinging to Percy's pants, hiding behind the swimmer. Sam still wasn't sure if Percy and Nico would keep him, so he rather stayed close to Percy so the other couldn't leave him. Percy had one hand on the boy's head, caressing his hair softly. Derek grunted and nodded, seemingly pleased. "Okay. We take it", declared Derek. "Now gimme my Sam back, Mister Percy." Derek made grabby motions for Sam and the other brunette reluctantly walked up to Derek to look at the room too, Derek taking one of his hands and squeezing it a little. Trend was sitting on the lowest bunk of the bunk-bed, his eyes fixed on the other two boys, watching out for them. "You don't have to call me Mister, Derek. You're living with us now", whispered Percy softly, leaning against Nico, both standing in the doorway. "How about we give you three some time to get settled, mh? Everything in here belongs to you now, all the toys and clothes and stuff." /break\ It had been a rocky start, Nico had to admit that. Trend and Derek were still weary and both refused to let Sam out of their sight, while Derek also hid behind Trend. His previous foster parents had abused him pretty badly, so Nico understood that the boy was reluctant around them and sought out the protection he knew. Namely Trend. But the boys were well-behaved – being reluctant, but still also not wanting to return to the orphanage. Sam had taken the upper bunk, Derek the middle and Trend the lowest. With all three boys safely tugged in, Nico turned off the light in the room for the night and left to join his fiance in their shared bedroom. He just hoped Derek would stay in his bed. He liked to hide under the bed, or in the closet when he had nightmares. Percy was practically dead in their bed, he had spend the day with the three boys at the pool, teaching them how to swim. "Are you alright, amore?", asked Nico amused and sneaked into the bed to him. "Exhausted", yawned Percy. "They're a real hand full. I never want to miss them. Jeez, it's only been three days, but I already never want to imagine a life without them. They're too cute." But before Nico could reply in any form, they were interrupted by a soft knocking sound. Looking up, they saw Trend entering the room, clutching a pirate-teddy to his chest. Percy blinked confused. "What is it, kiddo?", asked Percy curiously. "Is something wrong? Did you have a nightmare?" "No", replied Trend and shook his head. "I wanna ask you something, please." "Go ahead", encouraged Nico with a nod, knowing that Trend was full with curious questions. "Are you our dads now?", asked the small blonde with large, gray eyes. "Or what are you? What do we call you? You said not mister, but... Do we call you Percy and Nico, or dads...? And who is the mommy when you're both boys too? Because Sammy said he liked swimming with mom today, but you're a boy and you're not our mom, or our dad, or anything, right?" Percy blinked a couple of times. Now that Trend asked he noticed that since that first day, the kids had kind of avoided calling them by anything, not even by their names. Nico had thought it was because they didn't want to get attached, but it was because they didn't know what to call them. "You promised we will stay with you, you promised to keep us safe, doesn't that make you our new mommy and daddy?", asked Sam suddenly, pushing past Trend and startling the blonde. "Please?" "Of course, sweetness", whispered Percy, his voice soft. "Of course we're your parents now, if you want, but we thought it may make you uncomfortable to call us that just now. But if you want to, you can call us your parents, honeybee. Of course we want to be your dads." "But you're the mommy", stated Sam confused as he walked up to Percy. "Because you're like my mommy was! My mommy was really strong and funny and pretty and could bake really well, just like you! And you can't both be dad, that's confusing. Will you be my mommy, please?" Percy could practically feel his heart melting at that question, coupled with those large, begging, dark eyes. He nodded slowly and grunted as Sam threw himself at him. Now Derek joined them too, tugging Trend along inside the room. If Sam got cuddles, he wanted them too. "Make room", demanded Derek and glared up at Nico. The Italian knew that he should teach Derek manners, but the kid was just too cute when he was bossing others around. Scooting away from Percy, he lifted the six-years-old up and placed him on the bed while Trend too crawled into their bed. Trend came to lay in the middle, with Sam on one side of him and Derek on the other. Nico laid his arms around Derek while Sam was snuggling up to Percy's chest. Smiling amused, Nico turned off the light. "Buona notte e sogni d'oro, bambini", whispered Nico. "Good night and sweet dreams, kids." "What is that? I wanna speak it too!", demanded Trend eagerly, always yearning for knowledge. "It's Italian, Ni—your dad is a teacher for it and he's from Italy", explained Percy amused. "Oh. If you're a teacher, can you teach me too?", asked Trend with hopeful eyes. "Me too!", demanded Derek, now that Trend would get extra-dad-time, he wanted that too. "Me three!", exclaimed Sam, not wanting to miss out on anything. "But not tonight, kids. Now, we all go to sleep", chuckled Percy. /break\ Percy was smiling brightly as he stood at the stove, with Sam standing on a chair right next to him so he could reach the pans too. He was currently in the middle of teaching his boy how to make pancakes. Over the past month, Percy had already taught Sam a few things, the boy was really curious to learn his way around the kitchen. It seemed to be one of the few memories he had of his mother – baking and cooking with her. So Percy wanted to teach him. "Buona George", mumbled Derek, looking confused and frustrated. "Buongiorno. Giorno, not George", corrected Trend with a giggle. "Si, bambino", confirmed Nico with a nod. "Is good morning, right?", asked Derek, wiggling his nose. "Buongior... no. Biongiorno." "Ben fatto, bambino!", praised Nico and kissed Derek's head. "Well done, kiddo." "Hah. I get better!", grinned Derek proudly, puffing his chest out. "Come ti chiami?", asked Nico slowly, looking at his boys. "Mi chiamo Sam!", answered Sam, beating the other two to the punch. "Mi chi... chiamo Derek", copied Derek unsure, looking at Nico for confirmation. "E mi chiamo Trend", stated Trend. "E quanto anni hai?" "What? No!", protested Derek with a pout. "Trend's cheating again!" "Am not cheating! Just been learning!", countered Trend and stuck his tongue out. "But it's not fair, that makes you better than us!", huffed Derek, crossing his arms. "Hey, no bickering, bambini", chided Percy with a warning look. "'Quanto anni hai' means 'How old are you'. Trend, stop learning more than your dad tells you to, you know it makes Derek feel bad about not being as clever as you. Try adapting Derek's and Sam's pace." "But they're so slow!", moaned Trend annoyed. "Don't be mean", warned Percy. "Your dad will teach you how to count today and then you'll all be able to answer how old you are, how's that sound, boys?" "Okay, mommy", nodded Sam obediently, snuggled up against Percy's side. "Like that boy would ever disagree with you", muttered Nico beneath his breath amused. " But before any of that happens, breakfast", declared Percy and turned to the table, carrying a large pile of pancakes. "How does that sound, kids? Buon appetito, bambini." "Yay!", exclaimed all three of them, digging in. /break\ A month and a half of being parents and Nico started to feel like they had babies. They