PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || All I Want For Christmas || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : All I Want For Christmas – Is You Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; Christmas AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, Christmas fluff, mating, heat, knotting, D/s, explicit intercourse, anal, mpreg, toys, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Tyson/Ella, Reyna/Annabeth, Luke/Octavian, Ethan/Alabaster, Jake/Will, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jason/Calypso, Charles/Silena, Chris/Clarisse, Malcolm/Katie, Grover/Juniper Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Tyson, Annabeth Chase, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Ella, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Octavian Simmons, Luke Castellan, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, Chris Rodriguez, Cecil Rogers, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster C. Torrington, Lou Ellen, Will Solace, Charles Beckendorf, Jake Mason, Nyssa Black, Silena Beauregard, Piper McLean, Thalia Grace, Jason Grace, Calypso, Malcolm Cage, Katie Gardner, Clarisse la Rue, Grover Underwood, Juniper Summary : Percy Jackson is two things. He is rich and he is obsessed. So what little free time he has goes, just like his money, into finding the North Pole. Not the physical one; the magical one. It's not out of greed, or because he wants to proof something to the world – he's not that kind of person. He just wants to meet Santa Claus and say thank you , because all the good things in his life have always started on Christmas Eve. He's in for a surprise when he actually meets Saint Nick, or rather Nico as he prefers to be called, because Santa Claus is neither round nor old, but rather hot. All I Want For Christmas Is You Part 1: ...Is Meeting Santa Dear Santa, Thank you for all the nice and pretty presents you get me and my siblings every year! You're my biggest-biggest hero! Triton says that's silly and that Aquaman is best, but I think you are. But I have lots of toys already. And a family. And pets! I have a pretty puppy and a kitten! I have everything I need and that's because of you! So what I want for Christmas, pretty please, is to meet you. So I can tell you how awesome you are in person. I know you' really-really busy on Christmas, but if you maybe have some time, can you stop by so I can... so I can maybe hug you and say 'thank you'? Love, Percy Nico chuckled fondly as he folded the piece of paper and tugged it safely away into a folder already filled with other letters of that kind before grabbing his glass of wine and taking a sip. Children were adorable, but this one was particularly persistent and endearing. Still, there was no need to get attached. The little boy would outgrow his belief in Santa once he was an adult and Saint Nick would only be a faint memory and one day, the human would grow old and fade away too, very much like a memory. Nico had seen it too often over the past centuries to get attached. "Then why do I have so many folders with letters in my shelf?", sighed Nico softly. Because even when humans were long faded memories, some left too much of an impact on Nico that he could let them fade completely. Some humans were worth outlasting their lifetime and Percy Jackson surely was one of them. Nico's fingers ran over the cover of the folder fondly. /20 Years Later\ Percy Jackson was rich. Some may even say he was filthy rich. All of his life, he had gotten whatever it was he wanted. He literally owned a pony. He had grown up in a stable, loving home with a wonderful, large and slightly overbearing family. There was nothing left he could wish for. His money had never gotten to his head though, he had always helped the poor and charity foundations, helped hurt animals and orphaned children and basically everyone he could. There was really only one thing that he wished for – well, technically only one because 'true love' was something he doubted was what he could wish for because it would happen eventually on its own. The one thing Percy Jackson wished for was to meet Santa Claus. It was probably a silly thing to wish for for a twenty-seven years old and his reasons for it were most likely completely insane, but he couldn't change his obsession. He just couldn't. The reason for his obsession was a simple enough one. All good things in his life came directly from Santa Claus, so all Percy wanted was to meet the jolly man and to say 'thank you' in person. It had actually started before Percy's birth. His father, Poseidon Jackson, was a rich and famous CEO and a single-parent widower. He had met Percy's mother Sally during one summer in Montauk, when Poseidon had meant to rekindle his relationship to his children after their mother's passing. They had fallen in love, but both wrote it off as a summer-fling. But then Fate – or rather Santa Claus, Percy would swear to that – had forced the two of them into a hut on Christmas Eve. Sally had been a waitress, there had been a snowstorm and a heated night that had resulted in one Percy Jackson. After the 'one-night-stand', they once again parted ways, but when Sally realized she was pregnant, she came back and the two of them finally faced their feelings for each other, soon followed by a wedding and the growing of the Jackson family. On Christmas Eve, when Percy had been ten years old, his very beloved baby brother Tyson had joined their family. Surely a coincident, but in Percy's mind it was a logical conclusion. And two years later, when the Jacksons held a grand Christmas gala, Percy had met his most favorite human outside of family. Annabeth Chase, oldest daughter of a fellow CEO that Poseidon was rather close to, apparently. She became his best friend as the two of them had hid under the table to talk and play while the adults did boring stuff. Things had continued like that. Somehow, Christmas always turned out to be the highlight of his years. And so, to Percy, Santa Claus became the epitome of everything that went well in his life. Which was where his wish to meet Santa Claus rooted from. So he had started sending Santa letters – not to wish for anything big or expensive, because his family could already afford everything he could wish for – all he was asking for was to finally meet the man in person. He had tried that approach for years, being patted on the head like a cute little kid. Not when he was older. When he got older, it became 'worrisome' and 'concerning', so he got send to a shrink. That much for family money. So Percy had to convince a nice lady with glasses and a couch that yes, Percy was not crazy. At this point, Percy yearned to be old, because then he would be just another eccentric billionaire. As it was, he was the weird kid with the rich parents, who due to his obsession didn't make any friends. Well, that and the fact that most people being nice to him were nice to him because he was stinking rich. Besides, he had his family and he had Annabeth. He didn't need more. Things reached a critical point when Percy turned twenty-one. It was the age that his older half-siblings had moved out, with a hefty portion of the family fortune, and started their own lives. So had Percy. He had moved out and had made a ton of very clever investments – thanks to Annabeth, he himself had no idea about those things. So by now, what had started with one million dollar four years ago, were multibillion dollars. He had started various own charity foundations, mostly for orphans and also many against ocean pollution and for marine animals. He also owned his own horse range with therapeutic horses for children, especially for those whose parents would never be able to pay for this kind of treatment. To sum it up, Percy was rich and he was using his money for good things. He helped people, animals and the planet. There was only one project he had for himself. His still ongoing research about Santa Claus. And then, Christmas when Percy was twenty-six, he had gotten an amazing gift from the two people he loved most – Annabeth and his little brother Tyson. They promised to help him. They were willing to go on an expedition to the actual North Pole to go and look for Santa Claus. Sally and Poseidon had given them their blessing, hoping that maybe going and seeing for himself would make Percy realize that he was wasting his life away on this obsession. Which brings us to the now. Percy, Tyson and Annabeth were on their way to the North Pole. Annabeth, who had by now already become a well-respected scientist even at the age of twenty-seven, and Tyson, who would always support his brother and who may have been the most influenced by Percy's obsession because he had literally grown up with it. "Ready for this, Seaweed Brain?", asked Annabeth as they readied the snow-mobiles. "I've been ready for this for years!", exclaimed Percy, eyes sparkling in excitement. /break\ The North Pole was normally a rather busy place, but seeing as it was summer, it was off-season. Summer was incredibly boring. At least for the man himself. His merry little helpers were busy enough with preparations, but he? He didn't have much to do. There weren't even letters yet that he could read to pass the time. So instead, he did what he did best. Observe and glare strictly. When one thought about Father Christmas, or Santa Claus, or whatever else of the many names he had, they most often thought about a jolly, old, round man with white hair and red clothes. Out of the plenty variations of Nikolaus, he enjoyed the shortening 'Nico' most too. Nico also liked the color blue, especially so dark blue, far more than red. And he was generally not the 'jolly' type. Sure, he loved the laughter of children and it did make him happy, but the rest of the year? He was easily agitated. He was also neither old nor fat. He didn't quite see how anyone would think that to be a good physique for someone with such a straining physical job as Nico's. No, he actually looked like an Italian in his mid- to end-twenties, strong enough to heft the tons of toys around. "Someone is looking grumpy again. Want a cookie?" Nico grunted displeased as he turned to the teasingly grinning girl with the pointy ears. Piper, one of the three kitchen elves of the workshop – designers of new cookies and recipes and generally taking care of the workshop's little family when it came to food. Piper winked and stuffed a cookie into Nico's mouth. Making a protested sound, Nico glared after Piper as she skipped off. "I did not want a cookie!", barked Nico out, munching on the cookie. Muttering beneath his breath, Nico returned to the main control room of the workshop. His five researchers and readers – those sorting the letters and organizing everything for Christmas – were sitting at the control panel. They were the silent helpers of Santa Claus, those doing the things in the background and dark that