PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Pirate Prince Perseus || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Pirate Prince Perseus – Percico Positivity Project Day IX Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; pirate AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, pirates, magic, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, fluff, cuteness, hurt/comfort Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Luke/Octavian, Jake/Will, Ethan/Alabaster, Charls/Silena, Chris/Clarisse, Grover/Juniper Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Octavian Simmons, Luke Castellan, Thalia Grace, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster C. Torrington, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, Chris Rodriguez, Clarisse la Rue, Silena Beauregard, Charles Beckendorf, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Annabeth Chase, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Tyson Summary : For the Percico Positivity Project – so there's not just Percico but also some Nicercy in this. ;) This is for today's fill – Pirates/Sailors AU . The rumor of the Pirate Prince bring fear to everyone who travels the sea. Captain Perseus is said to be ruthless, vicious and without mercy. They say he sacrificed his own soul and the souls of his entire crew to the gods so they would grand him the ability to tame the sea. Nico, a ship-wrecked son of a lord, soon realizes that most rumors are entirely untrue though the captain's ability to control the sea is very real and very impressive, just like the captain himself. Pirate Prince Perseus Percico Positivity Project Day IX Everyone who has ever entered a ship and traveled the sea knew one name: Captain Perseus. And everyone feared that name. It was a whispered rumor, a scary fairy tale told to sailors to frighten them. A creature more cruel, vicious and deadly than the sea itself for he was allied with the sea. Legend said that Captain Perseus had sold not just his soul but the souls of everyone on his ship to the gods to give him the power to control the sea. He still paid the debt to the gods, offering the souls of those poor fools that encountered him and his ship. The legend called him the Pirate Prince for even other pirates feared and respected him. Everyone hoped to be in his good graces. Lord Nico di Angelo of Venice was more intrigued than afraid. He himself was a sailor, had always adored the dangers of the sea, that untamable beauty. Nico knew no beauty could compare to the beauty of the sea. And those little fairy tales didn't frighten him. Until he'd look that fearsome Pirate Prince into the eyes, he would not yield. /break\ So maybe Nico loved the sea more than it loved him. His head was buzzing and felt fuzzy when he woke up. All he remembered was... a storm. A wild, vicious storm. Screams. Terror. And then... just darkness. Groaning softly, he grasped his own head, just to feel some kind of cloth. "No moving!", chided an annoyed voice. "I didn't patch you together again for you to tear your stitches, young man. Captain's orders were that you'll survive, so you damn well will." Fully opening his eyes, Nico turned toward his doctor, or so he assumed. A blonde man with shoulder-long hair, a blue bandana keeping the hair out of his face. Nico grunted. "Wonderful. You're awake. Now stay still until I get our captain so he can see for himself", ordered the blonde sternly. "I'm Will, by the way. You, wait right here." Nico nodded numbly and watched the blonde leave. Honestly, he didn't have enough energy to move, even if he'd want to. So he just laid back and closed his eyes for a second. Must have been more than one second because when he opened them again, the blonde doctor had returned and with him... an angel. Nico blinked blearily, trying to focus. "Am I... dead?", whispered Nico. "Are you an angel...? Will you take me to the gates of heaven?" The beautiful creature laughed and it was a wonderful sound. He had sun-kissed skin, black hair that reached his shoulder-blades with a couple thin braids in between, decorated with blue and green pearls and jewels. He wore a soft-blue blouse that was open until mid-chest, revealing a lot of nice skin, as well as black, skin-tight leather-pants and black leather boots. He was absolutely gorgeous. "Never been called an angel before. I think I like it", grinned the beauty amused. "I'm Percy. Hello. Captain of the ship you're on. You were in a ship-wreck. I'm... sorry to tell you, but you're the only survivor. We took you in and nursed you back to health – ouch, Will – okay, Will did the nursing, because he's our doctor, but oh well. So, he says you're still on bed-rest. No moving until you're better, you hear me? Didn't save your life for you to kick the bucket." Percy smirked and winked down at Nico, but when he made to turn away again, Nico grasped his wrist. The pretty captain – was no doubt this was the ship's captain, even if he hadn't said so, it was clear in his posture – turned back to Nico with surprised, beautiful eyes, looking at him curiously. "Thank you. For saving my life", whispered Nico, cupping Percy's hand. "I'm Nico." The captain looked surprised for a moment before he smiled. "No problem, Nico. Take care." Percy grinned brightly as he literally skipped out of the room, Will hot on his heels as soon as the blonde made sure his patient would be fine. Will frowned pointedly as he followed the captain. "Why him?", asked Will sternly. "You can't keep saving puppies and keeping them." "Oh, Will, calm down", huffed Percy and rolled his eyes. "Besides, I'm not keeping all strays." "Yeah, sometimes he lets them leave, as long as they promise to tell the tale of the great, terrifying Pirate Prince", snickered a voice from above. Will rolled his eyes as Alabaster climbed down from the crow's nest. The brunette smirked knowingly and joined the two of them on their way to the wheel. Percy's second in command stood at the wheel, barking orders, while their navigator Ethan stood next to him. "Luke, Ethan, how are we doing?", asked Percy with a bright smile. "Doing good, captain", replied Luke amused, reaching out with one hand to ruffle Percy's hair. "More respect! I'm your captain!", complained Percy with a glare. Luke smirked and stared down at the nearly a head shorter boy. "Yeah, short stuff? First of all I am still your big brother guardian protector, so let me ruffle your damn hair." Percy was silently seething as Luke kept ruffling his hair. Luke was more than just a big brother figure to him, he was more like a father figure. They had started out as a family, just the four of them – Luke, Thalia, Percy and Annabeth. Luke and Thalia were like parents to the two younger kids as the four of them had run away together all those years ago. "Is our youngest giving you trouble again, dear?", teased Thalia with a smirk. She kissed Luke's cheek playfully, instantly summoning Octavian. It was absolutely fascinating. Ever since the tall blonde had joined their crew and gotten 'closer' to Luke, he was very, very jealous of the close relationship between Luke and Thalia. The duo used it against Octavian every chance they got; Thalia loved teasing him and Luke enjoyed having a jealous lover. "Keep your lips off my treasure", warned Octavian with a pointed glare. Thalia and Luke grinned as they exchanged a look and a high five. Percy snorted amused as he took over the wheel. He knew that after a jealousy-fit, Octavian would drag Luke down to the cabins. Percy's beauty of a ship had a broad belly, with one common sleeping quarter with bunk-beds, a storage room and a mess-hall as well as a 'special bedroom', aka the infirmary right now for Nico or the 'let's sneak in there to have sex' room. Percy guessed it was hard for the crew to find a moment of peace and privacy in the shared quarters down, that's why they used the infirmary for sexy times. "No one down below deck for the next hour", barked Octavian as he tugged Luke along. "Oh come on! We've had the night shift and we want to nap!", complained the Stolls. Travis and Connor were brothers, two of the earlier members to join the crew. Percy was fond of them, they were always up for mischief and pranks and it was never dull with them around. "Leave them be", called Percy up. "An hour ain't that long. You're off night shift tonight." Travis and Connor grumbled, but they didn't disagree with their captain. It didn't take too long for Annabeth to appear behind Percy with that skeptical-judgmental look. Percy loved that look; it was just so big sister of her. Grinning, Percy craned his neck enough to kiss her cheek. "What did I do this time, Annie?" "Taking in another stray", pointed Annabeth out, sighing softly. "Listen, I don't mind that little hobby of yours. It brought us some... interesting additions to the crew already, but I do mind the complaints from Will. It's annoying. And he does have a point; We don't have too many resources in the medical herbs and bandages and clean water department. Spending that on a stranger seems... not like the most logical thing to do. Especially considering we're pirates." Percy grinned pleased and rolled his eyes. He loved the chiding too, because he didn't want to be a feared captain, he wanted them to be family. And part of that was to tell each other honestly what they thought. He offered Annabeth his best kicked kitten look, making her sigh slowly. "Fine, fine. Do what you want, you're the captain!", huffed Annabeth, throwing her hands up in the air. "But we need to go to town at one point this week to get medical herbs!" "Yes, ma'am", grinned Percy obediently and hummed. /break\ Nico had grown very fond of Percy. Over the past three days that he had been awake and in the infirmary, he had gotten to know his doctor Will and the captain rather well. Percy visited him multiple times a day and talked, he wanted to hear more about Nico's life and in return, he told Nico about his life as a pirate. It was fascinating, truly. Nico had also met some other members of the crew. Silena, their cook, was a beautiful and kind lady who also helped Will out in the infirmary if need be, or Alabaster, a very noisy fella with a bit attitude. "So, you're like rich, right? Since you're a fancy lord", drawled Alabaster. He was laying on the other bed in the infirmary – there were two beds, a large wooden desk and a lot of shelves housing glasses and containers with herbs and other things. Alabaster turned his head to look at Nico with one raised eyebrow. The brunette was using his lover as a pillow. Ethan, a very intellectual young man of Asian heritage. Alabaster had been glaring at Nico very daringly when him and his lover had entered, probably expecting a speech about going to hell or something. Nico didn't much care about heaven or hell or what the Pope had to say. He himself preferred the stronger gender, with the muscles and lean bodies, not those petite dames. "Not really", sighed Nico, turning a bit to look at his conversation partners. "Business is... failing. I was actually on my