PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Fire and Icing || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Fire and Icing – The Fire Fighter and the Biscuit Baker Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, idiots in love, fingering, anal, explicit intercourse, oral, marking, sex-toys, D/s, spanking, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Luke/Octavian, Jake/Will, Ethan/Alabaster, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Charles/Silena, Grover/Juniper, Jason/Reyna, Chris/Clarisse, Paul/Sally, Piper/Annabeth Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Silena Beauregard, Piper McLean, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Octavian Simmons, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Luke Castellan, Chris Rodriguez, Cecil Rogers, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster C. Torrington, Charles Beckendorf, Jake Mason, Nyssa Black, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Annabeth Chase, Lou Ellen, Will Solace, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Clarisse la Rue, Frank Zhang, Tyson, Paul Blofis, Sally Jackson, Mrs. O'Leary, Small Bob, Zerberus Summary : Nico di Angelo is a fire fighter. He had saved so many people already, but none have ever left the same kind of impression as one Percy Jackson. A cute baker whose apartment burned down. After that, they seem destined to run into each other over and over again. Fire and Icing The Fire Fighter and the Biscuit Baker The first time they met, Nico saved Percy's life. Percy was laying in Nico's arms, being carried around like a princess, only wearing his Captain America pajamas and holding onto his puppy. Percy was not the kind of person who was used to getting saved, or even needing saving. He had always fought his abusers himself – his stepfather, his bullies – he had protected his friends too, in high school from the dumb bullies who thought nerds needed a beating. Percy was a fighter, he was strong, both physically and mentally. So he was kind of new to being the damsel in distress. But when the drunk down the hall fell asleep with a lit cigarette in his hand and burned down the apartment building, there wasn't much Percy could have done on his own. No, he only noticed when it was already rather late – it was night, after all, and decent human beings were asleep at that hour during the week. When he noticed however, he didn't bolt for the door. No, he rather stumbled through the smoke-filled apartment, looking anxiously for his puppy. Due to the smoke, he could barely see, so he tripped over something and sprained his ankle. Thankfully, by tripping he had found Mrs. O'Leary crouched together under the couch. And that was how Nico had found him, trying to crawl under the couch to coax his puppy out. It was not the most ideal first meeting Percy had ever pictured when thinking about how Mister Right would walk into his life. Certainly never by kicking down Percy's door. But at least that uniform looked more than good on the handsome fire fighter who had saved Percy and his puppy. Nico's arms were strong, safe and secure. From said arms, Percy had a perfect view on those smoldering, dark eyes and the serious expression on his face, and what a face – high cheekbones, an elegant nose, olive-colored skin. To say that Percy instantly felt attracted to his savior would be an understatement. Perhaps it was also the fact that this man was the very first person in Percy's life to save him . At any rate, Percy felt for the first time like he was experiencing love at first sight. "What do we got here? Aside from Captain America." Blinking slowly, Percy turned to look at the person who interrupted his day-dreaming. A blonde paramedic with sky-blue eyes, on his right stood a paramedic with interesting purple hair. Percy's savior cautiously placed him on the stretcher, giving Percy for only a moment the chance to look him straight in the eyes and marvel at that face behind the mask. "He inhaled a lot of smoke, his foot hurts. I don't think it's broken", replied Percy's savior. "Ah. Good. No worries, we'll take care of him, Nico", dismissed the punk paramedic. And that was how Percy had learned his savior's name. Nico. Sadly, a large, dark-skinned man called Nico away before Percy had as much as the chance to say thank you. "Coming, Lieutenant Beckendorf", called Nico back and waved shortly at Percy before going. "Ah. I think our patient suffers from PNS", stated the punk medic gravely. That got Percy's attention and he turned toward her. "What...? Is that bad?" "What Lou means is Post Nico Syndrome", offered the blonde medic. "Many saved by Nico get that love-struck expression and stare after him as though he just lifted a whole building." "Will is right. It has happened before. A lot", chuckled Lou with a smirk as she gathered Mrs. O'Leary in her arms. "Hello there, boy. You need to let go of your human so we can take care of him. Say, is there some place where we can leave your dog?" Percy heaved a sigh and shook his head. His eyes, now that he didn't have the perfect view on a handsome fire fighter, found the burning apartment building. He didn't even know where he was supposed to go now. This was it. His life had gone up in flames just like that. "It's okay, sir. He can drive with us and we call someone from the hospital", assured Will. "My name is Percy. Her name is Mrs. O'Leary", supplied Percy absentmindedly. Before Percy could argue any more or say anything, a third paramedic rushed over to them, pushing Lou and Will rather consequently out of the way. Her blonde curls were put up in a messy bun, her dark gray eyes seemed even darker with worry as she engulfed Percy in the tightest hug possible. "Oh my gods, Seaweed Brain, when I heard your address on the call, I thought the worst!", gasped the blonde woman, clearly suppressing sobs. "A—Are you alright? No, wait. Will, is he alright?" Will raised one curious eyebrow and shrugged. "We didn't get a chance to check him yet, Annabeth. Nico pulled him out, said something about smoke and his ankle. The dog was kind of in the way." "I'm fine, Wise Girl", whispered Percy hoarsely and coughed hard. "M—Mrs. O'Leary..." Annabeth frowned, a rather chiding look on her face. "Right. Look, I will call Piper so she can pick Mrs. O'Leary up. She'll be fine, okay? You just be a good Seaweed Brain and listen to everything Will and Lou tell you, are we clear? I'll see you in the hospital, as soon as I'm done." She grasped his face and kissed his forehead before leaving him in the cunning hands of her colleagues. Grabbing Mrs. O'Leary by the collar, Annabeth led the gigantic hound away. /break\ Nico drank half a water bottle in one go and splashed the rest of it onto his face, enjoying the cooling effect. They had been good today, no one had died so far. Sure, the biggest danger of a fire was always the smoke inhalation, so the final verdict had yet to be determined. They had done all they could though and that was all that mattered. He surveyed where his comrades were; Nyssa, Jake and Leo stood together a bit farther off, talking – or rather, Jake and Nyssa were obediently listening as Leo gushed on about something. The usual. Lieutenant Beckendorf was talking with Lieutenant Castellan in the aftermath of the call and while the others were wrapping everything up. The others, in this case, were Chris, Cecil, Ethan and Alabaster. Out of the corner of his eyes, Nico could see his sister's ambulance. His little sister Hazel was a paramedic, mainly so because she wanted to be able to help her brother and make sure Nico was safe. Hazel's partner was a very bossy blonde named Annabeth and Nico didn't really get along with her well, but Hazel did and that was all that mattered, really. What bothered him about the picture now however was the large, black dog that sat next to them while they tended to a patient. The mighty beast was staring at them endearingly. It was a cute dog, Nico had always been a dog person and he loved having something with four paws that didn't argue with him all day long. Pushing himself off the truck, Nico walked over to them just as the girls pushed their patient's stretcher into the ambulance. "Sorellina", whispered Nico as he reached her. "You okay?" "Nico!", gasped Hazel relieved – as she always was when she saw her brother in one piece after a call – and pulled him into a bone-crushing hug. "Yes. Yes, we're good. We're heading back to the hospital. Well, we want to, but Annabeth offered to take in a stray..." "She's not a stray", huffed Annabeth with a glare. As if on cue did the giant black dog yelp, like she wanted to agree with Annabeth. That was until she spotted Nico. Yelped happily, the beast jumped Nico and threw him onto the ground so she could properly lick his face. He laughed good-natured and ruffled her fur. "Hey there, girl, are you saying 'thank you' because I saved your human?", chuckled Nico. "Well, she seems to like you", pointed Annabeth out. "Listen, we need to head to the hospital, but I promised Percy that I'd take care of Mrs. O'Leary for him. I already called Piper, but since she's not here yet... Do you think you could take her with you to the fire hosue? I'll send Pipes a text that she needs to pick Mrs. O'Leary up there. Please, Nico? Percy is... he's like my little brother and he always cares far more about others than himself. Even now, he rather asked about his dog than about himself. I just need her taken care of so he can focus on his own healing." Nico heaved a sigh and nodded. He liked Annabeth's better half Piper far more than he liked Annabeth, if he was being honest. She worked as a waitress at the diner opposite their department, the most preferred hang out for the fire fighters and the medics. Partially so because the diner was owned by Lieutenant Beckendorf's very beautiful and very kind fiance Silena. "Sure, I'll take her with me, but you owe me, Chase", decided Nico after a moment. "What would I owe you, di Angelo?", asked Annabeth skeptically, raising one eyebrow. "How about name and number of the angel who owns this dog", offered Nico with a smirk. Annabeth frowned annoyed, as though she wanted to protest to what he said, but she had no chance. "Okay, guys! Wrap it up, we're taking off!", called Beckendorf loudly, interrupting them. Winking at Annabeth, Nico grabbed the large dog and followed his lieutenant. /break\ Piper frowned as she changed directions. She was already half-way to Percy's apartment when Annabeth's second text reached her. So back to where she came from. Silena had been willing enough to send Piper off when she heard about the fire at Percy's place. Everyone at the Petite Biscuit Diner & Bar loved Percy dearly. The young man had started as a cook and baker about a month ago and it had been impossible for everyone not to get attached to him. By the time Piper rounded the corner into the driveway of the fire station, the trucks had already returned. Nico, Jake, Nyssa, Ethan and Alabaster were sitting around a