PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Halloween Surprise || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Halloween Surprise – A Better Treat Than Candy... Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, drunken minors, boys are idiots, shoujo-ai, threesome, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Ethan/Alabaster, Luke/Octavian, Reyna/Annabeth, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jake/Will, Paul/Sally Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Alabaster C. Torrington, Ethan Nakamura, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Jake Mason, Will Solace, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis Summary : Nico is dragged to a Halloween party against his will, but his friends' friend throws one and Ethan and Alabaster insist that he should come along. Percy is also being dragged to the very same party by his friend Leo, to get over his breakup with Annabeth. It's not helpful that Annabeth is there too, with her girlfriend . Drinking helps. The hot, black-winged angel with the Venetian mask is helping too, because damn, all of that is distracting. If only Percy knew his name. This was a birthday request from acirejacksonmellark57 - happy birthday, I hope you like! (Even though I changed some of the request to fit) Halloween Surprise A Better Treat Than Candy... Nico was trying to be gloomy and irritated, but it was hard with a completely wasted Alabaster hanging off his arm, babbling on about how hot his boyfriend Ethan was. It was Halloween and yes, normally that was Nico's favorite time of the year. High school however changed that. Because high school entailed stupid parties from the popular kids and cheerleaders dressed in slutty outfits. Sadly enough, Nico's best friend's boyfriend's best friend was one of the popular kids. Luke Castellan, captain of the football team, of course invited his best friend Ethan, who wouldn't attend a party without his boyfriend Alabaster and since Alabaster didn't get along with the annoying cheerleaders, he had forced his best friend Nico to come along as well. Nico di Angelo hated parties. He actually hated a lot, if he was being honest. He hated being around people, loud people and fake people even more so. The high school was full with all those fake people. All those perfect jocks and cheerleaders with their fake smiles and perfectness. It was the reason Nico stayed out of their path and rather stood back and kept to himself. Well, himself, Alabaster and Ethan. And now those few friends he had had betrayed him too and forced him to go to a Halloween party. Including the dress-up. Alabaster had forced him into a costume and there was no way Nico would forgive him that any time soon. At least he didn't have to look at too many too-slutty-dressed cheerleaders since it was a 'Rainbow Pumpkin' party. Aka, a gay Halloween party. Nico didn't want to know who came up with that lame name. Or the logo. On the banner in front of the house was a pumpkin chariot being pulled by a unicorn. At least the chances of meeting someone else from their school were low with that theme since Nico was pretty sure he knew every gay there – Ethan, Alabaster and Luken. Most other guests were from various other high schools from all over New York. /break\ Unbeknown to Nico, another guest on this party was from their school and he was very much in the same situation as Nico. His name was Percy Jackson and Nico usually defined the guy as one of those fake, annoying, perfect jocks. Up until three weeks ago, those things may have applied to him, but something changed and forced him to change. His long-time girlfriend, also known as his childhood sweetheart and all-of-his-life best friend, had broken up with him. She had confessed, with teary-eyes, that she was a lesbian and that she had gotten together with him because she had been insecure about herself and her sexuality. Percy didn't blame her and he hoped she'd find love, but that didn't mean that it hadn't hurt like hell to be dumped after two years of relationship. It was also a kick to his self-esteem that his best friend hadn't trusted him enough to discuss her insecurities beforehand. So for the past three weeks, Percy had spend a lot of time debating what kind of friend he was and that entailed contemplating what kind of person he was. It had brought him to a simple conclusion: He wasn't as straight as they came and maybe he wasn't happy all the time , even though he was usually all smiles and laughter. Which was what brought him here tonight. He had been quite down and a little bit bi-curious, so his second best friend Leo had decided to help him out by dragging him to a so-called Rainbow Halloween Party. To cheer him up and to maybe get him a cute guy to get over Annabeth. Percy didn't approve of that, because he was quite capable of finding dates himself. Okay, with girls . He used to date Calypso before he had gotten together with Annabeth – later learning that Annabeth had been jealous that the girlfriend had stolen her best friend, which was why Annabeth had then asked him out to begin with. Boys however were a different matter. After all, how was he supposed to know if a guy was gay . With girls, it had been a safe bet for him so far – then again he had never really considered the possibility of the girl he asked out maybe being a lesbian. It seemed much more complicated and confusing to know if the boy he liked was gay or straight. Yet those problems still didn't make Percy appreciate the fact that Leo dragged him to a gay Halloween party – after stuffing him into a short, blue dress. Toga, Leo had called it. To Percy, it looked like a freaking dress. And Leo had forced him to shave his legs – why was it so impossible to resist those sad lion cub eyes of Leo's?! So here he was, in a short toga, with a coral-crown and a silver trident. Leo's first idea had been to dress Percy up as The Little Mermaid, but Percy had resisted a little too much, so they had more-or-less compromised on Poseidon, God of the Sea. The only reason why Percy hadn't locked himself into his room to escape the sad-lion-cub-eyes-of-doom was that it was a masked party, since many high school students still had a little bit of a problem openly going to a gay party like that. So Percy's face was half hidden behind a blue mask, adored with sea-shells and ornaments that resembled waves. Now Percy wasn't looking forward to hooking up with some masked stranger on some annoying party, but he had been looking forward to spending time with his friends. After all, the host was the captain of his football team and a good friend of his and Annabeth's. There were multiple reasons why Percy wasn't enjoying himself at the moment though. Luke was a friend of both Percy's and Annabeth's. Which resulted in Annabeth being there too. Together with her new girlfriend Reyna. And weren't they just the perfect couple? No, seriously, they were. When Percy looked over at them, the way Reyna had her arms around Annabeth's waist as they swayed to the music, Annabeth laughing softly at something Reyna had said – they were happy. And Percy wanted Annabeth to be happy. He just really didn't need her to rub it in his face. That she broke up with him and already moved on to a better relationship while he was a moping single. The two friends hadn't spoken since the break-up because Percy didn't know how and Annabeth was still feeling guilty about dumping all of that on Percy. So Percy had to sit there and watch his ex-girlfriend slow-dancing with her new girlfriend. Without anyone to distract him. Because the only people he knew were Luke and Leo. Luke was sitting next to Percy, but he also happened to be sitting on his boyfriend's lap and Octavian had all of Luke's undivided attention (most likely because he had his hands on the other blonde's ass). Leo on the other hand had been more or less kidnapped by that tall Asian-looking Santa Claus about half an hour ago. It had fit, after all Leo had been dressed up as sexy elf (Percy's idea of payback for the Poseidon-outfit). Still, that left Percy all on his own, sulking about Annabeth's happiness. "Dude, Percy, really. Stop it with the gloomy face. Not even the hot death angel over there looks as gloomy as you do", commented Luke as he elbowed Percy. "Don't ruin my party with your mood." "Who cares about the stupid party?", muttered Octavian, lips against Luke's neck. "I'd prefer for it to end soon so I can just spread you out on the dinner table and ravish you." Percy wiggled his nose and turned a little green at that mental image. Didn't need that. Though his eyes did roam the room to find that death angel Luke had mentioned. And hello, Hottie McHandsome. Those deep, earthy-warm and dark eyes, deliciously olive-toned skin and adorably messy black hair all accenting a nicely shaped, tall body. And the wrapping wasn't shabby either. Black skin-tight leather pants, sleeveless black turtleneck, a black Venetian mask with silver ornaments of skulls and bones and large, black-feathered wings on his back. Too bad the hot angel was already heavily being flirted at by some blonde dressed as a doctor... /break\ Nico was actually enjoying himself. Those masked parties were something he liked, because the real mask allowed people to drop their individual masks – the fake smiles and strained looks and pretense. With a hidden identity, many felt more at ease to be themselves. Nico was one of them. Okay, it had put a damper on him to see his sister here. Hazel, dresses as sexy Missus Claus, together with her boyfriend Frank, who was dressed as Santa himself. It was the epitome of too much information to learn that they were looking for a 'cutie' because Hazel wanted to watch Frank making out with a guy. There went his dinner down the toilet. Things he really didn't need to know. It hadn't helped to see a happy Frank with an elf thrown over his shoulder walking past him half an hour ago, heading upstairs to the bedrooms. Nope, Nico needed more alcohol to forget that . So he went to the bar to get another drink. And another. And another. The perks of Luke's boyfriend already attending college and being rich – free booze without age limit. The blonde who had started flirting with him upon sitting down at the bar was cute enough, Nico had to admit that smiley sunny-boys were his type. So were surfer-types. But blondes weren't, not really. That was just taking it a little too literal. The blonde sunny-boy surfer-type? Too cliche. "So... Will was it, si?", asked Nico with a smile, resting his hand on top of Will's, leaning in some. "Uhu", nodded Will, blushing a little as Nico was laying the Italian accent on heavy. "Not to be assuming, but if the IronMan over there isn't already your boyfriend, he very much wants to be and I came here to have fun, not to be beaten up over a cute piece