PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Birthday Surprise Visit || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Birthday Surprise Visit – Percico Positivity Project Day I Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, BDSM, sex toys, explicit sexual intercourse, oral, anal, fluff, cuteness, long distance relationship, established relationship, online relationship Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Rachel Elizabeth Dare Summary : For the Percico Positivity Project – so there's not just Percico but also some Nicercy in this. ;) This is for today's fill – Birthday . Percy and Nico are in an online long distance relationship – Percy from New York, Nico from Venice. They have been dating for half a year when Percy turns twenty-one and Nico, being a dork, decides to surprise Percy by flying over. Or: The one where both are fanboys and fanfiction authors and start an online relationship before finally meeting for the first time. Birthday Surprise Visit Percico Positivity Project Day I Percy loved The-Ghost-King-of-Darkness. It had started out as very platonic fanboy love and then turned into friendship and by now it was real, actual proper love-love. Romantic love. Percy was in love with The-Ghost-King-of-Darkness. Things had started when Percy's college friend Rachel Elizabeth Dare introduced him to fanfiction. She was an art major and Percy's roommate and when he saw her doodling Jack Frost from Rise of the Guardians heavily making out with Hiccup Haddock from How to Train Your Dragon , Percy got curious, so he asked. Rule number one of handling fangirls and fanboys: Do not ever ask about their obsession if you don't have a couple hours to spare. Needless to say, Rachel fell into a long rant about fandoms, pairings, ships, OTPs, crossovers and why Jack and Hiccup were the best couple on this entire planet. At first, it was just amusing to watch her with such passion; it had been the earlier state of their friendship and Percy had never seen Rachel that excited before. Then it became genuine interest in the pairing, because what Rachel said made sense to him and he saw the appeal and as a gay boy he sort of didn't get a lot of canonical gay couples on TV to cheer for. Sure, there were a few like Blaine and Kurt in Glee , but that had felt like such a token gay couple and the two had zero chemistry for Percy that there was no fun in it. The internet however was literally filled to the brim with gay couples and romance! Fanart, fanfiction, communities to talk about them. It was like Rachel had opened a door to a whole new world. The first pairing Percy wrote about was Hiccup and Jack. He had been very reluctant and unsure at first. He didn't think it was any good either. Then Rachel saw him write and when she heard that it was her OTP that he had written about, well, she basically stole his laptop and read over it. She greatly encouraged him, told him that his plot and flow were great, but his grammar was awful. So she offered to proof-read it. It still took a couple of stories before Percy felt confident enough to post them. He spent an hour refreshing the page, nervously and eagerly awaiting the first reaction. Over the next couple months, Percy grew more comfortable in the online community and wrote a few more stories. It was then that The-Ghost-King-of-Darkness first discovered Percy's stories. He left a lengthy, heartwarming and funny comment that Percy couldn't help but reply to. More comments followed and Percy answered. And the Ghost King replied back. They started talking. At first, only about the stories and about Hiccup and Jack and their movies. Then about more. Like other fandoms and what they liked. Percy discovered that the Ghost King himself was also a fanfiction author and mainly wrote WinterIron fanfiction – Bucky Barnes and Tony Stark. Honestly, Percy had never contemplated that couple before, but the way Nico wrote Tony made the sarcastic, sassy billionaire relateable on a very private level. Tony, abused by Howard Stark – like Percy had been abused by his stepfather Gabe as a child. Tony, not knowing any friends aside from Rhodey – like Percy hadn't known friendship aside from his childhood friend Grover until he entered college. Tony, secretly so insecure about his own self-worth due to previous experience, trying to cover it up with snark and quips – a defense mechanism Percy was eerily familiar with. And then the Ghost King came and wrote those amazing stories about Tony finding acceptance and love in Bucky, someone to care for him and protect him and cherish him and Percy felt a deeply seated aching inside his chest and he knew he had found his new favorite author. The balance of their relationship changed. Before, it had been the Ghost King doing all the fanboying about Percy, now Percy was the one leaving eager, squealy reviews and somehow, they felt more like equals through that, as silly as it may sound in Percy's head. They had more to talk about now, but they also talked differently. They started spinning plots together, criticized each other's stories to make the other improve. Sometimes, they'd spend the entire night writing back and forth. Sure, by then Percy also had other online friends, some of them authors themselves and with many he also did the whole ideas exchanging and helping each other out thing. But the Ghost King was somehow special to Percy. Their fanboy based relationship changed significantly when things got personal. The Ghost King put out a hiatus note on all his stories about a personal matter. Percy spent the entire day mulling over if he should ask. If they had reached the point where Percy was allowed to ask those things without sounding like a total weirdo. In the end, he cared too much not to ask. The Ghost King's older sister had been in a hiking accident and had died. Her name was Bianca and she had been his world, basically. They had grown up so close. He started telling Percy a lot of stories about her and Percy started forming a certain kind of picture of the Ghost King. That was when the Ghost King became Nico. After talking so much about his private life, the Ghost King had admitted that he felt kind of awkward not knowing Percy's real name and only calling him Sea Prince (his username was SeaPrinceSonOfPoseidon). The Ghost King introduced himself as Nico. Percy helped Nico through the tough time. He even wrote a few cheer-up stories for Nico, he listened whenever Nico needed someone to talk to, he even supplied his own personal experiences. At that point, Nico admitted that he considered Percy his best friend and that he found that notion utterly awkward considering they didn't even live on the same continent – Nico was from Italy and Percy was from the US. But Percy had to return the sentiment. Nico was also one of his best friends. And Nico had no idea how much he had helped Percy too. Percy was unsure about making friends and Nico had encouraged him and urged him on to go with his roommate to her exhibitions and let her drag him out. That was how Percy had met Annabeth, Piper, Thalia, Jason and Reyna. By now, Percy had friends, real in the flesh friends, and he wasn't sure if he would have them without his online friend's encouragement. Their online friendship grew deeper and deeper. They'd watch movie marathons together; respectively at the same time while commenting on them via private message. They even started co-writing a story – Winter's Frost , a slightly whacky crossover idea where Jack Frost was an Enhanced like Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch with the pairing Bucky/Jack, because Bucky was Nico's fix-point and favorite angle to write from while Jack was Percy's. Nico wrote other ships aside from Bucky/Tony, like Bucky/Steve and even Bucky/Loki. Those weren't Percy's cup of tea, but he guessed they didn't have to agree on everything because that would be boring. Nico in return didn't like Percy's idea of an older Jamie as Jack's top. Those things were a matter of taste and that was okay, but those differences in taste was what had gotten them started on their crazy little crossover idea. It was fun, incredible fun, to write with Nico. They were just so in synch. They started developing their writing together. They explored new territory together. Alpha/Beta/Omega dynamics, BDSM, new fandoms. It reached the point that whenever Percy found something he liked – a movie or a pairing or a fanfiction – his very first thought was to tell Nico about it. And then it reached the point where it wasn't just about things he found that would work for their fanfictions but also just things that happened to Percy. Something good happened, the very first person Percy wanted to tell about it was Nico. That was when Percy noticed that what he felt may be more than friendship. They danced around it for months. They had exchanged addresses when Percy went on vacation with his dad, stepmother and two half-brothers so Percy could send Nico a postcard and Nico could then in return send one to Percy once he'd get around to a vacation. A few months later, Nico went to Rome and Percy got a postcard from Rome. They had even talked by then. They spend so many hours with each other. Until one day, Percy finally gathered the courage and asked the one question burning on his mind. What are we? They had been calling each other petnames in a playful manner for weeks at that point, there was a lot of teasing and flirting. They even had done an RPG to 'expand their skills in the BDSM department, for future writing and all'. But it wasn't just for fun. Not for Percy. Knowing Nico was on the other side of that chat, was the one writing the orders, it turned Percy on. Whatever you want us to be, my Sea Prince . According to Rachel, Percy had spend all day with a dopey but troubled expression. Because he hadn't really been sure what he wanted. Talking things through with Rachel had helped. She had hit him upside the head and told him very seriously to just go for it. After all, he had serious feelings for Nico and it wasn't like there was anyone else – or like he was confident enough to get into the dating game. The idea of going out and meeting people was oddly disturbing to him, if he was being honest. So why not enjoy what was offered to him and what he wanted for as long as it lasted? Not too much had changed between them after they got together, actually. The petnames felt more real, were more honest, there were more sweet sentiments between them. They stopped role playing as fictional characters, their naughty little games were just between them now – between Nico and Percy. But at first they stayed just that; games on the paper. A few weeks in and Percy asked, under a lot of embarrassment, if he should actually do as he was told. Follow the orders throughout the day. Nico had been very giddy and excited about that proposal. They fell into a long distance BDSM