PJatO || LittleBigThreesome || PJatO || How to Tame a Kitten || PJatO || LittleBigThreesome || PJatO Title : How to Tame a Kitten – A Different Kind of Pets Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; supernatural AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, threesomes, catboys, mates, pets, D/s, collars, bondage, spanking, explicit intercourse, anal, oral Main Pairing : Nico/Jason/Percy Side Pairing : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Luke/Octavian Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Jason Grace, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Octavian Simmons, Luke Castellan Summary : Nico's sister Hazel and her husband Frank bought a cute kitten named Leo and gushes all about how cute and sweet and adorable her Leo is. So Nico decides to check that training school for catboys and catgirls out and maybe get himself a little pet too. When he sees two special little catboys, he decides to buy them, because they are cute. Jason and Percy. They seem tame, well-trained, adorable. So when Nico comes home one day to find them literally rutting like animals, he realizes that he's in for more than he bargained for. But none the less happy. A request from FIELD. OF. KLAINE21 - hopefully the kittens are to your liking. ;) How to Tame a Kitten A Different Kind of Pets Nico was obliged to visit his younger sister Hazel for cake and coffee every Sunday afternoon. It was because Hazel tried to force Nico to lead a normal life, have at least somewhat a life. Hazel was married to a giant, gentle man named Frank. They were leading a happy life together, owning an Italian restaurant, a place for happy couples and young families. They had a lot of ties to the community, friends all around. They were a happy, normal couple. Nico spend his life buried in his job. As the oldest, Nico had to get into the family business. He was rich, famous even. An elegant and charming businessman. Due to work, he didn't have time to make friends or heavens forbid go on dates. So since he never got out, Hazel forced him to come over. "Hello, sis", greeted Nico with a tender smile as he pulled her into a hug. He didn't have a life outside of work, but that didn't mean that he didn't love her dearly. She smiled as she led him to the living room. Frank just entered from the kitchen, carrying a tray with coffee and cake. He nodded briefly toward Nico. Nico respected the other man, because he made Hazel happy. The two of them had a special connection, one that Nico couldn't even start to imagine. "Leo! Come, we got strawberry cake especially for you!", called Frank out, sounding gruffly. Nico frowned confused as he sat down. And then a Latino boy entered the room, crawling on all four, cat-ears alert between his dark curls, cat-tail swaying behind him. Nico's eyes widened surprised. He had already heard of those hybrids and he knew some business associates of his who owned one as a pet, but Nico hadn't known that his sister owned one. The catboy meowed adorably and jumped up onto the couch to curl together on Frank's lap. Hazel smiled and leaned over to kiss Frank softly while caressing the wild curls of the catboy, who pushed his head up against her hand. "Who's that?", asked the catboy curiously, looking over at Nico with large cat-eyes. "That's my brother Nico", introduced Hazel with a smile. "Nico, that's our pet, Leo." "Hello, mistress' brother", greeted the catboy, tilting his head a little. "Uhm... hello, sister's pet", countered Nico, staring weirdly at Leo. "W—When... Why?" "Frank and I realized that we spend an unhealthy amount of time at the restaurant. Work starts to eat us away like it does with you. But I don't want that", replied Hazel, a fond expression on her face as she looked at Frank and Leo. "So we decided to get a pet, a reason to come home. You should get one too, you know? I know how empty your apartment is. Having someone to come home to is... it's a good feeling, Nico. And they're well-trained. You wouldn't have to worry about the time-consuming process of getting to know someone. Just go to the school and chose one." "I'm not comfortable owning a human being", objected Nico and made a face. "No offense." "Not offensive", hummed Leo, turning to lay on his back and paw at the air as Frank patted his stomach. "We're not like you humans. We're not like real cats either. We're just... different. But we like belonging to someone, we need that feeling. The feeling of being useful to someone. When master and mistress praise me, it's the best feeling possible. We can't really do everything you humans do, we're very... jumpy. You humans call it ADHD, we find that silly. We're just energetic and like running around and not focusing on one thing for too long. So we need someone to care for us. It's nice being cared for. Mistress says you're very lonely. You should get a pet. We like helping you humans not to feel lonely anymore. Being lonely is... sad. You shouldn't be sad." Nico stared unabashedly at the catboy. Leo looked completely serious, aside from one of his ears twitching. It did look cute, the whole catboy-thing. Still, it wasn't like Nico had time for a pet. "He's great company and unlike with an animal, you can have conversations with him", pointed Frank out, caressing Leo's head. "The only ones you talk to outside of work are Haze and me." Nico huffed, unable to deny that point. It would be nice to have someone to come home to, someone to talk to. Someone to hold and cuddle. Contrary to Hazel's and Frank's beliefs, Nico had contact every once in a while. He was a handsome rich guy with Italian looks and accent, it was effective enough to get the occasional one-night-stand. The thing was that Nico was a loving guy at his heart. He had always enjoyed cuddling, holding the one he held dear. His one-night-stands were all about sex though. No cuddling and eating breakfast afterward. A lot like his business-deals actually. So getting a pretty catboy for the company started to sound more and more appealing. /break\ Over the next days, Nico seemed to notice more and more how empty his loft was. So the next following week, he cleared his schedule one afternoon and made an appointment with the local training camp for pets. He was punctual, as always, and found himself sitting opposite a man named Octavian Simmons, the head of the academy. He had a blonde catboy with white ears and tail sitting on his lap, caressing the blue-eyed boy rather tenderly. "Mister di Angelo, it's a pleasure to meet you", greeted Octavian, nodding shortly. "Rich, famous people are good advertisement for our institute", purred the catboy mischievously. Nico cocked his eyebrow, knowing that was true. There were a lot of training schools for pets and they all advertised by the famous and rich people who owned pets from their schools. "Sh, Luke", chided Octavian irritated, flipping the catboy's nose. "Be good and look gorgeous." Luke arched one eyebrow as though he wanted to inquire if he had ever done that before. Nico smirked to himself. If he was honest, he liked that pet with a backbone far more than some who were trained into utter obedience. It was disturbing to have someone following every little word and order without an own will. That was the main thing Nico had disliked about those pet-deals right from the start. It was slavery, not companionship. He was still a little query about it. "I like him", commented Nico amused, nodding toward the white-furred catboy. "He's not for sale", growled Octavian possessively, tightening his grip on Luke. "Sh, Octavian. Be good and look gorgeous", chided Luke with a teasing smirk aimed at Octavian. "I really like him", laughed Nico and shook his head a little. "Very well, I understand that you don't want to sell him, but... are there others from his litter, so to speak?" "Not from his 'litter'. But some who were trained by him – we do prefer for our pets to be trained by other pets", replied Octavian, motioning for Luke to stand. "We do have some... troublemakers. Disobedient ones that won't exactly follow orders. Lost causes, as some of our trainers like to call them. You seem to be the type to enjoy such a specimen?" "I don't want one broken beyond repair. I want one with an actual personality ", stated Nico. "They all do have that", grunted Octavian, raising one eyebrow as he led the way. "We don't break them. We teach them how to behave so humans want to adopt them. They do want that. They want to be taken in and taken care for, but chances for that are bad if they're not obedient." Nico decided not to reply to that. He was still skeptical about the whole issue of what the pets wanted, until he'd have his own and hear it from the cute catboy himself. He stood and followed Octavian and Luke out of the office, eyes trained on the two couples. He watched the interactions between Luke and Octavian, little and subtle things. Luke's white-furred tail was wrapped around one of Octavian's legs, holding onto the human. Octavian's hand was resting in Luke's neck. At first, Nico interpreted it as possessive behavior, but the longer they walked, the more Nico's opinion changed. It was possessive, yes, but in a tender way. Not that Octavian stroke him as tender. "These are the ones from Luke's newest class", said Octavian as he opened a door. Nico felt a little overwhelmed by all the catboys and catgirls in the room. They were playing, running around and talking. Nico took a slow step back to get a better view. Octavian grunted displeased all of a sudden, gaining Nico's attention. He followed the blonde over to a corner. "You two", growled Octavian irritated, grabbing two catboys by the necks. "No fraternizing." "Why not?", asked Nico inquisitively as he looked at the two scolded kittens. Octavian straightened, one catboy held by the neck in each of his hands. Nico looked at them closely, eyes drinking in the sight of them. One was taller, even taller than Nico, with sandy-blonde hair and electric blue eyes, white ears flat against his skull as he looked up at Octavian hopefully. The other was about a head smaller than the blonde, his black hair sticking up so messily that the black cat-ears were hard to notice between the fluffy hair, his sea-green eyes were piercing and bright as he glared defiantly at Octavian, clawed fingers making grabby motions for the blonde kitten as he struggled in the hold of the human. They were extremely attractive and adorable. "We don't appreciate for our pets to bond like that. In the end, most want to own one pet, not two. If they bond, it'll break their hearts to be bought by two different humans", explained Octavian. Nico nodded shortly, seeing some kind of logic behind it. But he also saw the longing in the sea-green eyes as the black-haired one bit Octavian. Octavian hissed and dropped them both. The blonde catboy jumped over to cradle the green-eyed one in his arms, instantly starting to groom the smaller kitten, who looked more than pleased in the secure hold, both of them purring. "I