PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Gypsy and the Gentleman || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Gypsy and the Gentleman – An Italian in Greece Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, spanking, slight pet-play, D/s, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Jason/Reyna, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Luke/Octavian Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Tyson, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Luke Castellan, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Octavian Simmons, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace Summary : Being on a business trip to Greece, Nico encounters a beautiful beggar. A boy with startling sea-green eyes who dances to get money on the streets. Fascinated, he takes the same route every day to his vacation home. Until one day, when the group of beggars is gone, chased away by the cops who don't want the loitering street rats to dirty their city. When Nico comes home, he finds the sea-green eyed dancer hiding in his house. Now, what to do with his new house-guest? Phoenix Veil requested a Nicercy story with Percy in a Hunchback of Notre Dame 's Esmeralda kind of scenario. Who am I to deny seductive!Percy as a dancer? So, here you go, I hope you like it ;) The Gypsy and the Gentleman An Italian in Greece Nico was not exactly the biggest fan of Greece. Sure, Italy – his home and one, true love – was large, buzzing and hot. But that was Italy , which all in itself made everything better. Greece felt different, the people and streets and even the heat were felt different. "Can you look any more sore?", chided his older sister Bianca, straightening her suit-skirt. "Could you maybe save that expression up for the business meeting? It never fails to intimidate." "Both of you, knock it off", grunted their personal assistant Reyna with a glare, shuffling through her papers. "This meeting is important, please try to act like civil human beings, not the devil-siblings everyone thinks you are . It would be so incredibly nice to have a business relationship based on friendship and not intimidation. Could you try, please?" Nico huffed and Bianca rolled her eyes. The two of them were the heirs to one of the biggest tech companies in Europe and Reyna had been their assistant since day one. By now, she really was more of a family member than an employee. Same went for her fiance, the siblings' personal driver, Jason. Said driver was laying in his bed in their vacation villa just outside the center of Athens, sick from the very suspicious food he had decided to try yesterday. That was another problem about Greece. They couldn't make proper pizza or pasta, because they simply weren't Italy, instead they made all this heavy, oddly spiced food. It didn't sit right with Nico's culinary tastes at all. "Are you still trying to blame Greece for everything ?", asked Bianca unimpressed. Nico huffed and he may or may not be pouting a little. He just really hated leaving home. They passed through the busy streets when something caught Nico's eyes and full attention. There was a tanned blonde playing guitar and sitting on a short wall, the guitar case laying beneath him open, some coins inside. The blonde hit a couple notes well, but it sure wasn't the best version of Santana that Nico had ever heard. What was interesting wasn't the guitar player with the scar on his face, no, it were the three dancers – or specifically one of the three dancers. All three were wearing rather short and rather scampy outfits with lots of silk waving around them as they danced. A dark-skinned girl in purple, a Latino boy in red and the interesting one – black hair, sun-kissed skin, eyes an intense shade of green and blue, clashing like the sea itself. The blue silk he was twirling around his body accented his incredible eyes perfectly. Nico couldn't look away from the boy – because that was what he was, he surely wasn't far into his twenties. The way he moved was fluent like the sea itself. It was so graceful, Nico was pretty sure he could stare at him all day long. "Earth to Nico, let's get a move on", ordered Bianca, nudging him. "Come on." Nico grunted and unwillingly followed his sister and Reyna along the street, eyes fixed on the gorgeous dancer for as long as possible before they rounded the corner. /break\ It was a week later that the group of gypsies were rushing back to their hideout, laughing like maniacs, their colorful silk waving behind them as they ran. Percy's eyes were sparkling like the sea when the morning sun hit it as he ran right behind their leader and father-figure Luke. Percy had been living on the streets in Athens for a couple of years now. He used to live on the streets of New York, together with Luke, Thalia and Annabeth. They had been their own little family. Then they broke apart. Thalia went back to tracking down her little brother in the foster system, after Annabeth's father and step-mother had tracked her down and told her they missed her and wanted a second chance. That left Luke and Percy broken and on their own. They were lost for a while, until they stumbled upon a little boy, only a child. He didn't even have a last name, only remembering his first name. Tyson. He was so small and helpless and there was no way Percy could abandon him, not after this intense feeling of abandonment caused by Thalia and Annabeth. So Luke and Percy took him in and the three boys started traveling. In Texas, they met a very adorable Latino who was only a year younger than Percy. Again, Percy used his sad kitten-eyes on Luke and forced the blonde to take the Latino named Leo in too. Luke was a pretty good thief and somehow, after one night of very illegal drinking because Percy and Leo had only been sixteen and seventeen at the time and Luke had been nineteen, the four boys had ended up stealing a boat somehow. Neither of them remembered how. Tyson not because their youngest charge had been deep asleep. But three out of four were more than happy with the outcome, because it turned out that Leo loved boats and Tyson and Percy loved the sea. Somehow they made their way all the way to Europe and up to this day, Percy wasn't really sure how they had managed to make their way over the ocean and past any controls. Then again, Luke had always been extremely good at illegal traveling. In England, they met two street kids who earned their cash by telling people their fortune. Rachel, a runaway from a rich family that had never approved of anything she had done, and Octavian, who had been in a similar situation, with his family piling a ton of responsibility and expectations on him. Somehow, the two of them had joined their little group – it took Percy a little while to figure out why exactly and granted, it had taken him stumbling in on Luke and Octavian making out to actually get it, but hey, he was slow sometimes, it wasn't his fault! With the years, their group grew more. They never stayed too long in one harbor, but they still used their ship – dubbed the Argo II by Leo, because they were looking for their own version of the golden fleece in a seemingly endless journey. It helped that Leo was able to always repair it. "That... really... was a close one", panted Leo as they reached the boat. He just collapsed on the ground, his red silk surrounding him like a frame. The girl in purple – Hazel, a golden-eyed beauty they had met in France – giggled as she sat down right next to Leo and leaned down to peck his lips. He had a dopey grin on his lips as he grabbed her neck and pulled her down to lay beside him. Percy shook his head fondly as he sat down on the couch next to Tyson. "You're back!", exclaimed the little boy excited and hugged Percy tightly. "I was worried!" Percy's eyes searched the ship. They never left Tyson all on his own and most of the time, they left him in Frank's care. Frank was pretty scary and intimidating, he was also strong so he could easily protect their youngest. But deep down, the Canadian was a real softy. It was hard not to like Frank. And some, namely Leo and Hazel, liked Frank a whole lot. Not that Percy was anyone to judge, he was happy when his friends were happy. And being outcasts who never stayed in one place for too long, no one else got to judge their unusual relationship either. Luke was the last of their group to enter the boat, placing the guitar case on top of the table before sliding in next to Percy and leaning over to ruffle Tyson's hair with a grin. "Yo, Frank", called Luke out. "Got any food for us? I for my part am starving." "At it", called Frank from the tiny kitchen before emerging with two plates of sandwiches. "Oh. Dinner. Gimme", gasped Leo, making grabby-motions. Placing one plate on the table in front of Luke, Percy and Tyson, Frank took the other plate and sat down on the floor next to his lovers. Frank mainly took care of their household. Over the years, they had developed their own sets of skills. Leo and Hazel sometimes sold tinkered little pieces of jewelry on the streets, but most of the time they, together with Percy and Luke, performed with music and dance, because seeing gorgeous people barely clothed always brought more money than self-made jewelry. In some towns, Rachel sold her art, but mostly, she and Octavian still had their routine of fortune telling, which brought pretty good money. "Tavy and Rach not back yet?", asked Luke around a mouth full of sandwich. "I told you a hundred times not to call me that, Lucas", chided Octavian agitated as he and Rachel emerged from the bathroom. "We were in the middle of doing laundry. Someone has to." Luke grinned like a lynx and reached out to pull the other blonde into a slow kiss. Percy wiggled his nose and Tyson obediently made the gagging-noises Percy taught him to make whenever Luke and Octavian were making out with the others in the room. Grinning, Percy and Tyson high-fived. "You teach the brat the most useless things, Jackson", grunted Octavian unamused. Percy just stuck his tongue out at Octavian and stole the last salami sandwich. Rachel snorted and rolled her eyes as she sat down next to Percy and Tyson, surveying how everyone looked. "Did it go well?", inquired the redheaded girl concerned. "Money-wise? Yeah", grunted Luke, picking up the fifty Euro note. "Ever since Percy got his very own personal stalker, getting money at that street-corner has not been a problem." "He's not my stalker!", exclaimed Percy annoyed. "Dude", laughed Leo and shook his head. "He's been there every day for the past two weeks and you may not notice, but damn, that guy has been staring at your ass . I'm pretty sure he'd pay good to see you dance at a pole, with less clothes. Like, seriously well." "He really has been