PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || A God, a Muse, a Dream Come True || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : A God, a Muse, a Dream Come True – Percico Positivity Project Day VI Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, fluff, cuteness Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo Summary : For the Percico Positivity Project – so there's not just Percico but also some Nicercy in this. ;) This is for today's fill – Commissions . Nico is an artist, a sculptor, and he got commissioned for a series of the Greek gods. For that, he got a couple of models. Out of all the gorgeous people he had posing for him, the model for Poseidon seems to inspire Nico far more than anyone ever had. He finds his own personal muse. A God, a Muse, a Dream Come True Percico Positivity Project Day VI Miss Dare was the owner of a large new art museum in New York that only opened a month ago. She was a generous and nice person, who also supported young upcoming artists, not just those long dead and with big names. She had a special wing of the museum just for rotating exhibitions. On one of those exhibitions, she had met Nico di Angelo. The young artist had a very special feeling to his art and Rachel Dare loved it. Dark, mysterious and with such an eye for detail. When Rachel widened her Greek wing, she decided to decorate the entrance hall with some modern sculptures of the gods. Of course, there was only one artist she could think of for that commission. Nico was ecstatic about this offer. His pieces in a museum? Permanently? Sure, they would be more decoration than actual exhibits, but damn, that was big. Nearly as big as the check Rachel promised him for the series of twelve statues. That woman had more money than Nico could ever even dream about or picture, which was probably why she had been able to put together this large museum to begin with. Not that he was complaining; he loved the museum and the work. Rachel had given him relatively free reign over how he would go about the statues themselves, but she was very specific on what gods she wanted. Twelve Olympian gods, though she didn't want the later line up including Dionysus and instead had Hestia. It was a personal preference of the curator, because she thought the virtuous guardian of hearth and home was more of a role model than the dude who did nothing but getting drunk and partying. Nico didn't care either way. He started off with the easiest one – Aphrodite. A model he frequently had worked with, a professional model, had been the first person stuck in his head when thinking about a goddess of beauty and love. To him, love also included kindness and Silena Beauregard was beautiful, kind and had that special kind of aura. Her fiance Charles Beckendorf modeled Hephaestus for Nico, because one day, when the weather had been bad after their session, Nico drove her home and saw her fiance at work. He was a mechanic and seeing him in his element like that had made inspiration strike. With Silena's fiance also involved, she grew even more interested in Nico's little project. Nico was grateful for her, because due to her line of work, she could recommend Nico fitted models. She knew a lot of those and when Nico described a specific god and what he had in mind when thinking of that god, Silena proved to be very good at finding a fitted match. She found Katie Gardner for Demeter and before Nico started his piece, he observed the young florist who was part-time modeling for an art school, at her work place. Seeing her with the plants just proved how perfect she was for the role and Nico was very pleased with the outcome. Thanks to Silena, Nico also met his Apollo. Will Solace, a young man that reminded Nico more of a lazy cat than a model really, but somehow that fit for the sun god who did little more than chasing pretty people around. He had golden-blonde hair and sky-blue eyes and even though those wouldn't translate into the statue, Nico still found them to fit rather perfectly. His Zeus wasn't a professional model, but after what he described, Silena had grown very giddy and introduced her colleague Piper's ex-boyfriend to Nico. Apparently, the guy was quite the womanizer – Reyna, Piper, now currently dating a girl named Calypso, all of those within the past year actually. He was charming, handsome and with a certain boyish charm, which was somehow how Nico pictured Zeus because before he became some big king on a throne, he was a dashing hero who slaughtered the titan overlords. Nico actually had known Jason; he had met him briefly while Jason had been dating Nico's friend Reyna. There were no hard feelings between Reyna and Jason, they were still friends according to Reyna and after working with Jason for weeks, Nico also befriended the blonde, finding Silena's words to be true because Jason was charming. For Ares, Nico ended up taking his sister's fiance Frank, because the Navy Seal was tall, broad, muscular and a natural fighter. He was a pretty good match for Ares, maybe not perfect because Nico knew Frank personally and the big guy was a total sweetheart, but optically. His Hermes ended up being his best friend's boyfriend's best friend. Alabaster and his boyfriend Ethan were probably the closest friends Nico had. Ethan's oldest friend Luke, whom Nico had met a few times at poker night, was like a mortal incarnation of Hermes. He was a bit of a scoundrel, a former street rat who had traveled through many states as a teen already. There was a large scar running down his face from his time as a homeless orphan on the run, but somehow Nico didn't picture the trickster god of thieves and travelers as perfect. Through Luke, Nico met his Athena. Luke instantly knew the perfect gorgeous, clever, strong-willed and independent female. Annabeth Chase was the solution and even though Nico wasn't too fond of her on a personal level, he did agree that she was perfect for the part. And Annabeth was who brought him to be where he was right now. With the most perfect model so far, with one who could only be described as a true Greek god. His Poseidon. Percy Jackson. When Nico had described Poseidon to Annabeth, she told him that it sounded exactly like her best friend. She was very adamant about this, so Nico agreed to meet the guy. She had not been exaggerating. Percy Jackson looked like a real-life Greek god. Nico had always loved art and made it himself too, he had traveled the world to learn about cultures and people and among all the people and all the art he had seen in his life, he had never seen anyone or anything as beautiful and mesmerizing as Percy Jackson. The young man – early twenties, if Nico had to guess – with well-defined muscles, the body of a swimmer and the most perfect ass in history. Honestly, Nico had seen a lot of asses – sculptures from the greatest artists, models and his past lovers – but this one took the crown, hands down. He had those adorably messy black hair that just constantly looked like a sea-breeze had been blowing through it and the most charming smile in the world. But the most impressive feature – and that was saying a lot considering that ass – were his eyes. Nico had never seen a color like that, such a mixture of blue and green like nothing else. The statue would never do Percy justice and after only two sessions with Percy, Nico knew he had to paint the boy. "Sure. I mean, it's like the easiest money ever. Just laying there, looking awesome", had been Percy's reply when Nico asked him to model for a painting. That proved to be an untrue statement however, because Percy's ADHD made the boy squirm and wiggle around all the time. He had been okay during that first session where it was mainly them getting acquainted with each other and Nico contemplating how to pose Percy and how to dress (or undress) Percy. Though somehow Nico found Percy's squirming endearing. Normally, it annoyed Nico beyond measure to have a model being unable to stand still. But the cute way Percy pouted and whined was adorable. Not to mention, Percy was gorgeous. Insanely gorgeous. Sometimes, Nico was tempted to just sit there and watch Percy be Percy instead of focusing on the statue. "You're unfocused today", pointed Percy out, putting more weight on the trident. There was barely a very thin blue silken cloth hanging over his right shoulder down to his hip in a way that covered his penis but left his magnificent butt bare. He was leaning against a long trident, standing in an imposing, impressive kind of way, like he could truly command the oceans. At the statue's base, waves would be licking at his feet and shells decorating his hair and robe. "I suppose you distract me", countered Nico from where he stood behind Percy. Today he was working on the backside and Nico's eyes just kept drifting down to that perfect ass. Over the past three weeks of working with Percy now, Nico had been plagued by countless dirty dreams about the young swimmer. He had won Olympic gold a year ago, was an insanely talented swimmer. Nico fully believed that. The problem – the real problem, aside from unwanted boners and lost focus – was that Nico liked Percy. He liked Percy's personality. From the cute pouting and whining to the silly puns and cheeky sassy comments he spouted. Nico could feel himself slowly falling for the swimmer. And he knew that given the coming weeks, he would fall in love. "I'm gonna take that as a compliment", chimed Percy cheekily, pushing his ass out some more. Nico blinked slowly. Percy knew exactly just how distracting he was, apparently. Nico hadn't known that Percy was aware of Nico's focus and apparent obsession with the beauty. "And... it does not bother you?", asked Nico slowly, putting his tools down for a moment. "Mh?", grunted Percy confused, tilting his head. "That you are more than half-naked and I am... leering at you", clarified Nico with a frown. "I don't mean to make you uncomfortable and normally, I don't... do that to my models. I'd understand if this makes you uncomfortable and you wouldn't want to continue working with me..." "Dude", grunted Percy unimpressed and turned around to face Nico with a pointed look. "Haven't looked into a mirror lately, or what? You're a very fine piece of man yourself. And apparently your gay-dar needs some fixing, because I am spending every moment I actually get to face you checking you out. You got any idea how hot you look with that wife-beater and all sweaty from work, muscles bulking while you work? It's very yummy to look at, you know." "...Uhm", was all Nico could say to that. "Where did all that Italian charm of yours go? The one you used on me when we first met, to convince me to drop all my clothes for