PJatO || LittleBigThreesome || The Naughty Christmas Angel || LittleBigThreesome || PJatO Title : The Naughty Christmas Angel – Santa Jay is Coming... to Town Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, threesomes, crossdressing, explicit intercourse, anal, double penetration, spanking, D/s, creatures, mating, knotting, abuse of candy canes, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Jason/Percy Side Pairings : Hades/Poseidon, Zeus/Poseidon, Thanatos/Triton, Herakles/Triton, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Reyna/Piper/Annabeth, Chris/Clarisse, Charles/Silena, Malcolm/Katie, Grover/Juniper, Hades/Persephone, Zeus/Hera (mentioned), Poseidon/Amphitrite (mentioned) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Jason Grace, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Charles Beckendorf, Silena Beauregard, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, Katie Gardner, Malcolm Cage, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Blackjack, Arion, Tempest, Scipio, Guido Godly Characters : Zeus, Herakles, Poseidon, Triton, Hades, Thanatos, Hestia, Demeter, Persephone Summary : Magical creatures exist – elves, nymphs, angels. Santa, bringing gifts for the nice kids, is less of a person but more of a race, and so is his counterpart Rupert, the punisher of the naughty ones. Kronos Clause was a hybrid, part Santa and part Rupert. He had been overthrown by his children, who then took over the Christmas-business. Zeus, a dominant Santa, Hades, a dominant Rupert, and their beautiful brother Poseidon, who had been turned into an angel with their sisters' magic because he had been the only naturally submissive and was now in charge of the Christmas angels and of keeping his two dominant brothers calm. Their oldest sons had joined the business years ago, repeating the cycle. And now their youngest sons are about to be introduced to the traditions of the North Pole too, including the obedient submissive to serve his dominants. What Nico and Jason will love most about the job? Their own naughty, little Christmas angel, of course. The Naughty Christmas Angel Santa Jay is Coming... to Town Kronos Clause had been a dangerous and cruel man, hated and feared by the people of the North Pole. He brought more pain than joy, so when one day, his six children overthrew him and took over the North Pole, all was joyous and merry that night. That night, now known as Christmas Eve, when the children of Kronos would celebrate their victory and reign over the city of the North Pole – Olympus. They celebrated by sharing their joy and merriness with the humans of the world. Zeus Clause and his sister-wife Hera Clause took over as rulers of Olympus and head-overseers, Zeus perhaps not the merriest of people and yet still the deliverer of joy. One of Zeus' brothers, Hades Clause, was responsible for punishing the naughty, whereas Zeus rewarded the nice. Not the most grateful job, but someone had to do it. Their older sister Hestia became responsible for the hearth and baking what is now known as Christmas cookies, ginger bread and all things sweet and delicious, making it feel cozy and warm. Demeter was the overseer of nature, raising the so-called Christmas-trees and mistletoe. And their most precious sibling, their beautiful Poseidon, became responsible for the angels of Christmas, the beautiful and pure beings that took care of the animals – the reindeer of Zeus' sleight mainly, since the angels could talk to them. There were others leading the North Pole, like Apollo and Artemis responsible for the 'lesser angels'. Only Poseidon and his children could talk to the animals and were trusted with Santa's reindeer. Apollo's angels were the choirs that sang Christmas carols and got humans into the Christmas spirit. Artemis' angels were hunters and trackers, trained in hiding and observing to find out who went where on the naughty and nice list. Kronos' half-sister Aphrodite was another leader, one whose realm was love. The love of Christmas, a deeper love than most. Not just true love, but also family love. There were Ares and Athena, the heads of the Yeti Guard, the security of the North Pole, Athena being responsible for the intelligence and Ares for the muscle. Hephaestus was in charge of the Christmas elves, the ones who tinkered away on the toys and made everything fun for the children. Hermes was the head of the post-office, gathering and sorting through Christmas wish-lists. And the last one was Dionysus, planner of all festivities and in charge of the eggnog and mulled wine. Even though Zeus was married to Hera, Hades had found a wife in the beautiful Persephone and Poseidon was bespoken to a woman named Amphitrite, the six siblings had agreed upon something else. Kronos too used to rule with his siblings before he became corrupt and risen up to become a tyrant. To prevent that, the three brothers put Poseidon in charge of something else too. To pleasuring and loving his brothers. Keeping a tight bond between the brothers and preventing Hades from trying to overthrow Zeus, while also keeping Zeus from rising to be a tyrant like their father. Not that Poseidon minded his position between the two powerful men. And with the next generation, the story continued. To keep their children from overthrowing them, they introduced their heirs to the family business. Zeus' heir Herakles started to help his father out, just like how Thanatos started to work for his father Hades. And just like their fathers, the boys did not get along at all. So just like his father Poseidon, Triton took over to pacifying Herakles and Thanatos. The two other heirs were more than happy to share the gorgeous angel. Now two years ago, Thanatos' younger brother Nico joined the work. A year later Herakles' brother Jason also joined to learn his way around the sled and the hut. Unlike their brothers and fathers however did the boys get along very well. The only real problem they had was that they spend a lot of time fighting for dominance, the only true outfall they ever had. And these days, those outfalls kept occurring more and more often. Zeus and Hades started to grow concerned. "How long until your youngest hits sixteen?", asked Hades against Poseidon's neck. "A—A few more months", gasped Poseidon, arching his back against Zeus. "That's good, because Jason is starting to piss me off", grunted Zeus irritated, biting Poseidon's shoulder and hitting Poseidon's flank once. "Be a good boy and stay still, little angel." "I really don't mind your agitation", moaned Poseidon, licking his lips. "Works out well for me." "Nico is getting more and more annoying too", agreed Hades, fingers wrapped around Poseidon's cock. "It's like your bloodline is meant to ease our minds and make us feel so good." "Believe me, you're making me feel so good too", groaned Poseidon, mouth open in awe. "It's like every time Zeus and I even consider fighting, you and your ass come and distract us", commented Hades, licking along the shell of Poseidon's ear. "And your son has the same soothing effect on Thanatos. I just hope your youngest is as pretty and willing as you are." "I'm sure those slutty genes of his are strong", snickered Zeus, caressing Poseidon's sensitive, white wings. "That son of yours surely is as beautiful as you are and he's gonna take it like a good whore, just like his daddy, isn't he? Does he even know what he'll have to expect here...?" "A—Ah, haven't gotten around to... uhm... tell him", confessed Poseidon, blushing. "Naughty, naughty", chided Hades, mashing their lips in a heated kiss. "If that boy of yours isn't well-behaved and properly trained to take a cock bring pleasure and joy, then it will be up to Nico and Jason to thoroughly teach and punish him. You'd really let your son walk into this situation without a clue whatsoever? You know our boys are not going to hold back, they will take and claim that pretty, little angel and bend him over until he's begging." "Well, when I told Triton, I had a hard time bringing the boy here at all and he completely refused to acknowledge Herakles and Thanatos for weeks", sighed Poseidon frustrated. "Those two were short of bashing each other's heads in because they thought the respective other had somehow offended Triton. It would be easier if Jason and Nico just took Percy and bend him to their will. In the end... we angels do have a strong urge to submit and be dominated and fucked hard. It took Triton his first time too to realize how much he needed and craved this. And Percy is even more stubborn than Triton. If Jason and Nico can't take what they want, they don't deserve my boy." "Big words", grunted Zeus displeased, spanking Poseidon once more. "Don't be so cheeky, slut." "Why not?", smirked Poseidon. "It's true, after all. I may be a slut, but only for you because you tamed me. If your sons can't manage to tie my boy down, they don't deserve to own him." "I think Poseidon is right with that", whispered Hades thoughtful. "After all, when our sisters first decided for us to have this arrangement, Poseidon was fighting tooth and nail too, until we held him down and fucked him senseless for the first time, until he was a moaning and begging mess. And hasn't he been the most obedient little whore since then?" "Wouldn't want to take that joy away from Jason", agreed Zeus amused. /break\ Triton was glaring fiercely as he stood behind his baby brother, arms crossed over his chest. Percy was the cutest little angel their clouds had to offer. He was the purest, most innocent little thing Triton had ever met. Aside from the times he had found the little angel fucking himself on an icicle. But Triton knew that it was Percy's puberty and his submissive tendencies breaking through. He had walked backward and pretended not to have seen anything. It was natural for angels, Triton had gone through the same thing and he suspected their father had gone through the same thing when he had first been turned into an angel. The three sisters – Hera, Demeter and Hestia – had included the submissive streak when turning Poseidon into the first angel, to make things between the three brothers easier. At first, Triton had tried to fight his fate, had fought against Thanatos and Herakles. They had to force him down and establish their dominance and as much as that thought had disgusted and frightened him at first, it had made him come harder than ever before. "I am so excited, Tri!", exclaimed Percy excited, eyes sparkling brightly. A small smile found its way onto Triton's lips even though he didn't want to smile at this situation. He didn't want anyone to force his cute little baby-brother down. Right now, Percy was sitting in the stables, tending to the five reindeer of the sleight. The job Poseidon told Percy he would have to do. Triton didn't like that Percy was stumbling into this not knowing what was coming for him. But Triton understood. He hadn't been all too willing at first either, his dominants had to prove themselves to him first before he could accept his new role and them as his. "If it isn't my favorite little angel", chuckled an amused voice. Triton, standing at the doorway of the barn, turned to glare at his two dominants. Thanatos and Herakles were approaching him from either side, both looking like predators as they zoomed in on him. By the looks of it, they had been in another one of their stupid little quarrels. "Don't you dare touch my baby