PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || No-vember || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : No-vember – Not Dating During Autumn Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, boys are stupid, mpreg (mentioned), shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Piper/Annabeth, Jason/Reyna, Grover/Juniper, Paul/Sally Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Clarisse la Rue, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Calypso, Juniper, Grover Underwood, Paul Blofis, Sally Jackson, Small Bob, Mrs. O'Leary, Zerberus, Blackjack Summary : Percy is trying to ask Nico out on a date. Nico keeps refusing, because he thinks Percy just wants to do stuff as friends and Nico doesn't think he could stand being alone with Percy as just friends. It would only get his hopes up. So he keeps saying 'no', making both of them miserable. No-vember Not Dating During Autumn "Hey, Nico! There's this new horror-movie out. I figured you'd want to go and see it?" "No, I already saw that one with Hazel. Sorry, Percy." – "Do you want to go swimming in the lake with me, Neeks?" "Don't call me Neeks, seaweed brain. And really? Unlike you, I can feel the freezing temperatures of the water. It's autumn, Percy. No, I'm not going to freeze my balls off in the lake." – "You know, they have this really awesome blue ice in that café around the corner, you have to try it. We could go today, if you don't have other plans?" "It's not summer anymore. I think no one aside from you eats ice cream in autumn, Percy." – "So... my mom wanted to know if you want to come over for dinner this weekend." "I have errands to run in the underworld for my father. Tell Sally I'm sorry." – "Oh my gods, they have this awesome giant pizza in that new restaurant down the street. But it's way too much for one person. You wanna come and share, Ghost King?" "I'm Italian . I have standards about pizza, Percy. Not the grease you eat." /break\ "And all of that only this week?", asked Annabeth stunned, blinking a couple of times. "Uhu", grunted Percy and collapsed on the ground. They were sitting on a blanket in the woods outside of Camp Half-Blood. It was the middle of November, but Percy was in dire need of seeing his best friends, so he had taken Blackjack and went to visit them. Blackjack whined where he stood next to the small picnic place, so Percy picked up a doughnut and offered it to his friend. Blackjack looked pleased as he walked up to Percy. "I don't get it. I mean... you're a catch", stated Leo with a frown, biting his apple. "I'd totally go for you if we wouldn't both be bottoms, Perce. I mean, you're kind and beautiful and funny. He'd have to be a total dumb-ass not to go on a date with you!" "I know, right?", huffed Percy with a pout. He had gathered some of the year-rounders. Clarisse, Annabeth and Leo – as well as Rachel, Grover, Juniper and Calypso. After the Giant War, Leo had fulfilled his promise and freed Calypso. She had moved to Camp Half-Blood and she was grateful to Leo, but they both knew that what they had wasn't romance, but they had formed a bickering friendship with the time. "Maybe you just didn't find the right activity yet?", suggested Juniper softly. "What about a picnic like this? I mean, Nico is old-fashioned. Maybe something more old-fashioned would be better." "Yeah, he probably just waits for the perfect first date", nodded Piper, taking Annabeth's hand into her own. "I mean, not everybody can have a date in Rome like Annie and I did." Percy snorted a little. The two girls had gotten together when they had been in Rome, searching for Nico. The vision of Nico slowly dieing in that jar had made Percy realize that he couldn't lose the son of Hades, that he was in love with Nico. So he had done the right thing and broken up with Annabeth. They had needed distance for a while after that and when Annabeth had left for her fight against Arachne, Piper had accompanied her on the way. They had stopped at a café, in Rome, starting off as friends, but when Annabeth was supposed to leave, Piper gathered her courage and kissed her. It had been the perfect and encouraging first date they had needed. "What are you even doing here?", asked Percy with one cocked eyebrow. "Visiting my girlfriend", shrugged Piper with a grin and stole a kiss from Annabeth. "Oh, maybe that's what you should do!", exclaimed Rachel, taking a sandwich. "Visiting him, I mean. He keeps hiding in the underworld, so maybe that's his comfort-zone. Do something there." "Because the underworld is so fucking romantic", snorted Clarisse with a glare. "I was stuck on an island and I made it work over and over again", stated Calypso. "Location doesn't matter, it's the people who have to make it work." "With all due respect, but you only made it work short-term", criticized Annabeth skeptically. "And an island is pretty romantic", added Percy. "All the water around..." "That's the son of Poseidon in you talking", pointed Grover out, grinning amused. "So maybe Rachel has a point. Nico probably finds the underworld romantic." "But uncle Hades would kill me at sight", argued Percy with a frown. "True enough", nodded Piper slowly. "So maybe a substitute for the underworld?" "What in the world would that be?", snorted Percy confused. "A ghost train ride? Go to a fair with him", suggested Annabeth, perking up. "Yeah, a fair is quite romantic", agreed Juniper. "You could win stuff for him, show him what you got", offered Clarisse. "And then you ride the Ferris wheel and cling to each other for dear life", snickered Leo. "Our fear of height is totally rational", huffed Percy embarrassed. "But I like the idea..." "What's a Ferris wheel?", asked Calypso confused. "Right. That's still on our list of modern day stuff you need to know", nodded Leo with a grin. "I imagine that list to be long ", stated Annabeth and blinked a couple of times. "I hope you at least put some important architecture onto it. And museums." "Pansy stuff", complained Clarisse. "You need to come to a football game with me, girl." "Oh, there are beautiful guards, especially in England. You should see them!", exclaimed Juniper with a sigh. "Grover took me there once, it was beautiful. Wasn't it?" Grover grinned sheepishly. It had been a weird vacation, traveling with a tree , but he had to take his girlfriend somewhere special after the wars. And the smile Juniper offered him now was worth every trouble. The nymph leaned over and kissed him softly. "I want that too!", complained Percy, pointing at them. "How do I get Nico to kiss me like that?" "I took Juniper somewhere she would enjoy. Start with that ghost train and if that's not good enough, we'll get together again and figure something better out", offered Grover with a grin. /break\ "There... is a fare and I thought, maybe we could go together." "A fare? Percy, how old are you? I really don't have the time for childish stuff like that." – "Would you show me around the underworld sometime, maybe? Hazel told me about how beautiful Persephone's garden is, I'd really like to see it. Please, Nico?" "If Hazel told you, why don't you ask my sister to show you around?" – "I think Mrs. O'Leary is homesick. What do you say, a play-date for her and Zerberus? Me and her could drop by and visit, Nico?" "I don't think that's a good idea, Percy. Besides, I'll be in New Orleans for the week." – "Mom and Paul want to go on a vacation. I thought Italy would be great. But since none of us speak Italian, we thought maybe... uhm... you'd want to come with us...?" "I've seen enough of Italy in my time, Perce. Go and enjoy your family vacation." – "Nico, Finding Dory hits the theaters next week and Annabeth and Clarisse are making fun of me. Do you want to come with me so I don't feel so much out of place? Please?" "I don't have time, Percy. Maybe another time." /break\ Nico groaned annoyed as he plunged down on the couch in Hazel's apartment. Hazel and Frank's apartment in New Rome. His half-sister cocked one eyebrow at him, but she continued drinking her tea. She was used to her brother just dropping by without any warning. "Hey, di Angelo. I nearly forgot what you looked like there", joked Jason, digging into his cake. Hazel, Frank, Jason and Reyna had a little tea party double-date. Reyna looked up curiously. "Where have you been, Nico?", questioned the female praetor. "In the underworld. Hiding from Percy", supplied Frank. "More milk, Reyna?" "Yes, please", nodded Reyna, holding her cup up for him. "Why were you hiding from Percy?" "Because ever since the war ended, Percy is trying to make amends, I think. I think he's still feeling guilty about Calypso and Bob, so he's trying to be a better friend to me, or something", grunted Nico, head lolled back. "It's nice that he tries and all, but... He keeps asking me to check out new restaurants, or go and see movies and... If I'd do this, it would be pure torture. It would feel like... dating Percy, but it's just Percy being Percy, trying to be a good friend..." "You love him and just being friends is not enough for you, I get that", nodded Jason with a frown. "So what do you do about it? I mean, you're not always declining, right? …Right?" "I told you, I can't do this", grunted Nico with a nasty glare. "I can't go and see a movie, with only Percy, and not be tempted to kiss him or anything stupid. I can't." "I... understand if just being friends with him isn't good enough for you, brother", sighed Hazel, looking sad. "I mean, Frank and I feel the same way about Leo. And it's gotten worse ever since he freed Calypso. The thought that that... chick gets to touch what should be ours... We wasted our window of opportunity, don't waste yours. Take a chance and just kiss him." "No. No, I can't do that", objected Nico, shaking his head widely. "What if it'll push him away?" "Let me give you one advice, Nico", started Reyna and put her cup down slowly. "If you keep saying no every time he asks you to hang out, you already are pushing him away. You're going to lose him if you don't let him in, so you might as well take a chance and risk losing him to learn where you really stand. If you continue to just stand by, life will pass you and you miss it." "Maybe... you're right", sighed Nico and nodded slowly. "I really miss him." /break\ "My mom is taking cooking classes and she learned this great new Italian dish and she wanted to try it tonight, wanted to ask you if you want to taste it and tell her if it's authentic." "Okay." "I get if you don't have ti—okay?", stammered Percy stunned. "Sure", nodded Nico, acting casually. "I'll bring dessert, is that okay?" "T—That's perfect!", exclaimed Percy excitedly.