PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Italian Exchange Student || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Italian Exchange Student – Percico Positivity Project Day V Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, masturbation, sex toys, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Paul/Sally, Grover/Juniper, Jason/Calypso, Reyna/Annabeth Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Calypso, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Annabeth Chase, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Ella, Tyson, Paul Blofis, Sally Blofis, Mrs. O'Leary Summary : For the Percico Positivity Project – so there's not just Percico but also some Nicercy in this. ;) This is for today's fill – Exchange Student . Percy enjoyed undressing the new and very hot Italian exchange student with his eyes. He'd also very much like to use his hands to do so. And it didn't help that Nico di Angelo was living with him. The Italian Exchange Student Percico Positivity Project Day V "Honey, we agreed to take in an exchange student from Italy." That sentence had utterly and completely doomed Percy Jackson. It had been the beginning of the ending, really. His mother, Sally Blofis, was the kindest and sweetest person. Of course Principal Brunner had managed to coax her into taking in one of the exchange students. Then again, Percy's stepfather Paul was working for the school, so it most likely had also come from him. But it wasn't like they had that much room – they didn't have some random empty bedroom, so where was that exchange student supposed to sleep? Percy's room, of course. Percy was not a spoiled only child; he had a baby brother (and some older half-siblings on dad's side, but he wasn't too familiar with them). It was just that he had never shared his personal space with anyone. Yet here he was, a teenage boy who as it was already had too little privacy to spend 'alone time' as it was, now having to share his room with a total stranger. Wasn't that just great? The biggest problem however was that Percy was a nice guy, so he didn't speak up against this idea of his parents. Instead, he prepared everything in his room. He had a bunk bed, because his best friend Grover used to come over just so often that by the time Sally and Paul had gotten married and moved in together eight years ago, Percy managed to convince them to buy him a bunk bed. Okay, so they would have the space to harbor an exchange student. Still, having Grover over for a sleepover one weekend was entirely different from having a stranger sleep in his bed for three months. Percy was so not looking forward to it and he had all those horror scenarios in his head. "I mean, what if he's homophobic?" Percy groaned in complaint as he rolled over onto his back, pillow clutched to his chest. He tilted his head back enough to pout over at his three best friends, who had generously agreed to join his pity party on this last day before the Italian stranger would arrive in New York. "Then I'm getting my girlfriend and the two of us are going to kick his ass on your account, Seaweed Brain", assured Annabeth, raising one eyebrow. "We'll protect you, not to worry." "Yeah, but what if he's just... like a regular straight guy who's freaked out by sharing a room with a gay guy?", continued Percy with an upset look on his face. "Dude, you're driving yourself crazy", argued Grover amused. "Shut up", huffed Percy and stuck his tongue out. "So mature, Percy", sighed Annabeth and shook her head. "Just sit tight and wait." "Yes, because Percy is such a patient and mature guy about things", snickered Rachel as she stood. "Anyway, I gotta grab Ella. The parental units demand for us to be home for dinner. Urgh." Percy jumped off his bed to hurry after Rachel so he could bring her downstairs. They headed over to his brother's room. Tyson was seven years old and the first time he had met Rachel's little sister Ella, they instantly hit it off. The two rascals really kept their big siblings on their feet. "Ty, you gotta give Ella back so they can go", announced Percy as they entered the messy room. "...No", declared Tyson with a pout. "Ella agrees. No", said the little redhead next to him, nodding wildly. "Well, Rachel disagrees and says yes", chuckled Rachel fondly and walked over to her sister. Ella giggled as her big sister started tickling her until she gave up. /break\ It was worse than anything Percy had anticipated. Nico di Angelo was a boy who truly lived up to his name – he surely was of angels. With messy dark curls, the deepest dark eyes Percy had ever seen in his entire life, tanned olive-skin, high cheek bones and that whole bad boy charm thanks to all the black and leather he was wearing. Contrary to that however, he was a true gentleman. He had Sally charmed within his first weekend in New York, because he insisted on cooking for them – a delicious Italian meal that had all four members of the family holding their bellies because they ate more than they could store. Percy was a goner within that first weekend too. What was worse than putting up with a bully for three months? Losing his heart to a guy that was most likely straight and certainly going to leave the continent in only three months again. "Scusi? Perseo, you wanted to shower too, si?" Heaven knew what that voice was doing to Percy already. They had picked Nico up from the airport on Friday and by now it was Sunday evening and Percy could barely hold in his raging hormones. The picture presented to him at the moment was so not helping. Nico was only wearing a towel wrapped around his hips, water still running down his torso, highlighting the sixpack that Percy had glimpsed before when they were getting changed. But like this? Gorgeous. Percy wanted to lick it. "...Yes. Shower", nodded Percy slowly and got up from his bed. Nico chuckled amused and turned to rummage through the part of the closet where his clothes were. Nico's back was facing Percy and there was a very embarrassed sound coming from Percy at the sight. It startled Nico, so the Italian turned back to face him with a confused look on his face. "Y—You have... wings...", sputtered Percy dumbfounded. "They're not real. Tattoos", supplied Nico, raising one eyebrow. "Well duh", grunted Percy and rolled his eyes. "But I mean, you're... sixteen, right? And you already got your entire back covered in ink! Didn't your parents like... flip?" "Papà was not too pleased, if that's what you mean", answered Nico slowly. "But then again, he has a lot of tattoos too, so he is not allowed to judge." "Hngh", grunted Percy with a sharp nod, gathering his clothes. "Well, I will... shower." "Do that", nodded Nico a bit amused, watching Percy go. /break\ When Bianca had bugged Nico into doing the student exchange program in New York, Nico had been very much against it. The way too long flight had not motivated him much either. But then he got picked up at the airport by what could only be described as the average American poster family. The man in a simple suit, with salt-and-pepper hair, the woman pretty but not the youngest anymore, with wild brown hair and a nice flower dress, an elementary school aged son with messy brown hair in a soccer uniform and a teenaged son who was breathtaking. The boy had black hair, sticking up into every direction imaginable, sun-kissed skin and the deepest, most ridiculous eyes possible – honestly, Nico had never seen such a color before in his life. Blue and green at the same time, but the colors seemed to move in a constant swirl of emotion. He also had utterly kissable lips, all bow-shaped and pink and soft-looking. Things Nico should not be thinking when first laying eyes on the boy he would be living with for the next couple months. They introduced themselves as the Blofises. Sally and Paul, the parents, Tyson their youngest and Percy, the boy from his school and apparently his new roommate for the time being. There was constant chatter on the way and also once he was getting settled. Confusingly enough, Percy had a bunk bed in his room. He explained it was because his best friend often stayed over for the night. Good enough for Nico; he was just happy he didn't have to sleep on a couch for three months. Overall, everything involving Percy was very... blue. The entire room was painted blue, the sheets were blue, Percy's clothes were blue. It was a bit weird, but then Nico remembered that he was always only wearing black, so he wasn't one to comment on that choice. The family had a pet, which Nico very much approved of, because he missed his own giant hound Cerbero very much already. They had a big dog named Mrs. O'Leary. Weird name, but again, who was Nico to judge? The giant black dog was a good stand-in for Cerbero for now. Trying to leave a good impression, Nico offered to cook on Saturday and seemed to sway the family in his favor, which was a huge relief. His biggest fear had been to have strangers treating him awkward for months while he had to live with them. But the Blofises were fine. They were good. And Percy? Percy was a beautiful creature. Inside and out. He was funny and a bit quirky. Like sass wrapped into beauty and cheekiness. After arriving at the house on Friday, they had held some slightly tense and awkward conversation about how school was going to be and how Italy was. Things got a little easier and less tense on Saturday, to the point that they spent half the night talking to each other a bit more animatedly. Percy seemed to warm up to him. "So, tomorrow is going to be your first day of American high school. Nervous?", asked Percy. Nico grunted and looked up from his bed, choking a little on his spit when he looked up. Percy was only wearing his boxer-shorts for the night and a very over-sized Captain America shirt, hair wet and clinging to his head as though Percy was a wet kitten, which was a way too cute image. Percy fresh out of the shower at night was officially Nico's new favorite thing. "Well... a bit?", offered Nico unsure. "You are in my class though. That... helps." "I'll show you around and we can spend our breaks together", said Percy with a smile. "Thank you", countered Nico, feeling oddly warm at that. "You really get along well with Mrs. O'Leary", grinned Percy amused. The gigantic dog made a grunting sound and looked up at Percy before resting her head on Nico's chest again. The Italian grinned and continued ruffling her fur between her ears. "Si. She reminds me of Cerbero, my own dog", admitted Nico softly. "I... miss him already." "Huh. Yeah... I couldn't imagine being apart from everyone for months", whispered Percy with a frown. "Uh, sorry. I didn't want to... uh... rub it in?" "It's okay, Perseo", assured Nico amused, staring up at Percy. "I knew what I was getting myself into