PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Siren's Call || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Siren's Call – Something Spicy, Something Sweet Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, pining, cute idiots, D/s, collars, orgasm denial, crossdressing, spanking, bondage, toys, explicit intercourse, masturbation, anal, shoujo-ai Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Reynabeth, Ethaster, Nicson (to-be-past), Nichell (to-be-past), Nicaster (past) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Mitchell Logan, Jason Grace, Alabaster C. Torrington, Ethan Nakamura, Luke Castellan, Annabeth Chase, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano Summary : Percy works in a sex-shop. Nico is a well-known customer, who always buys toys for his subs. Somehow, the longer he knows Nico, the more he envies the string of boyfriends he had seen over the years. If only Percy would catch Nico between relationships for a change, but Nico always only comes in when he has a sub to spoil... Will Percy ever get a chance with the charismatic Italian? The Siren's Call Something Spicy, Something Sweet Percy worked in a sex shop. He liked saying it. It made for great conversation-starters when meeting new people "Oh, I'm a fancy designer" - "I have a medical degree!" and then came Percy "I work in a sex shop". He loved the faces people would make when they heard. The shop was owned by Reyna, the girlfriend of Percy's best friend. Which was how he had ended up there to begin with. The thing was, working in a sex shop was not all Percy did. He was majoring in marine biology and the fees were suffocating him. His mother only came from a not wealthy background too, so there was no way that Sally could support her son. He wouldn't accept it, after all, she had her own life to support. So one day, while whining about his money-troubles to his best friend Annabeth, her girlfriend had offered him a job. She was the manager of a shop from a large chain of rather successful sex stores. He had accepted, albeit reluctantly so. By now, he loved it. It had given him the opportunity to explore his own preferences and kinks some more – after all, they had to know what they were selling. And as flustered as he had been about it at first, by now he was rather grateful. A notorious single like him could use some spice for his masturbation time. He liked working there and he liked the discount he got. But what he loved most about the shop was one of their regulars – Nico di Angelo. Even his name was pure sex. An angel of Italian origin. Olive-skin wrapped tightly around firm muscles, a seductive smirk, smoldering dark eyes and adorably messy black curls on his head. He also always wore a well-fit black suit that probably cost as much as Percy's student fees, or more. The first time Percy had seen him, Nico had still been dating Alabaster. Alabaster was a freckled, mischievous brunette and Percy didn't get along with him well. Apparently Nico and Alabaster hadn't been meant to last either. Still, back then Percy had first seen the true nature of Nico di Angelo. Nico was a dom, a rich dom who liked to spoil his subs. He had this confident air around himself when he flaunted about with his current sub hanging off his arm. Though the 'hanging off his arm' part was what didn't work out quite as well. Alabaster wasn't much of a 'trophy wife' kind of sub so after a couple weeks, their relationship came apart. This was when Percy had first met Nico's best friend Ethan Nakamura. Judging by the suit, he was in the same business as Nico (whatever business that may be; Percy still had to find out). It turned out that Ethan was a far better match for Alabaster and Nico didn't seem to mind. "Welcome to the Siren's Call", greeted Percy happily as the doorbell chimed. "Buongiorno, carino", was the smooth reply. Just hearing those words send shivers down Percy's spine. And there was Nico again, with his glorious sexiness. The one hanging off his arm was a pretty, little brunette. New. Percy hadn't seen this one before. With them were Alabaster and Ethan, the latter offering Percy a friendly nod of the head too before the two couples headed over to the toy-section. Percy remained behind the counter, soon joined by Annabeth who needed something. She was doing the office stuff, as Percy liked to phrase it. She had always been incredibly good with numbers and words, unlike Percy. "Ah, your favorite pastime. Watching di Angelo like a creepy stalker", teased Annabeth amused. "Sh", hissed Percy wide-eyed. "Oh, they can't hear us", chuckled Annabeth, waving one hand dismissively. "Besides, I'm right, aren't I? You just keep staring at him, picturing being his sub, don't you?" The blush on Percy's cheeks was all the answer Annabeth needed. Smiling fondly, she ruffled his hair and left to get back to the office in the back of the shop. Percy all the while kept observing how Nico and his sub-of-the-month (as Percy had chosen to call the frequently changing boyfriends of the hot Italian) chose cock-rings and dildos, with Nico leaning in to whisper surely dirty things into the brunette's ear. The petite boy kept giggling and blushing. Percy grew irritated and jealous the longer he watched them. What did those subs have that Percy didn't have? "Ah, a big shopping trip again", noted Percy with a polite smile as they returned to the counter. "Only the best for what is mine", replied Nico with a sly smirk. He was talking about the brunette who was leaning against his chest and he was even playing with the brown curls of the young man, but the way those dark eyes fixated Percy, he nearly felt as though Nico was talking about him. Blushing a bit, Percy continued to check the items. "So, how are things going for you, Jackson?", asked Alabaster casually, quirking one eyebrow. "Good as always", was Percy's polite reply. "What about you?" "Well, with these, I'll be even better", purred Alabaster, twirling a pair of handcuffs on a finger. "Oh, are you all friends?", inquired the new guy curiously. "You could say that", chuckled Nico amused. "Mitchell, this is Percy. Percy, meet Mitchell." Mitchell? Well, Percy knew he didn't have to bother remembering the name. So far, Alabaster had been the only one whose name had been worth remembering because he had grown to become a good friend of Nico's. Smiling politely at Mitchell, he hoped he wouldn't get to see that pretty boy again. Somehow Percy felt more irritated at the petite subs, mostly so because he wasn't one of those. He wasn't tall for a guy, sure, but he was far from petite. He was well-defined, had a swimmer's body with lean muscles, could easily hold his weight in any fight. He wasn't the damsel-in-distress, girly kind of sub. So when he saw Nico with one of those , Percy grew jealous. A different kind of jealousy, because it was mixed with fear. If this was Nico's type, then Percy had absolutely no chance at all, because this wasn't Percy and Percy would never be like that. With Alabaster, Percy had been jealous too, but it had been a competitive kind of jealousy, because they were similar. Not petite, but lean, cheeky and stubborn. "See you next month", said Ethan as a way of parting, nodding toward him a bit amused. You, Alabaster and Nico yes, but surely not the pretty boy, mused Percy to himself. /break\ It rarely happened that Percy missed when Nico entered the shop. But today was one of those rare occasions, because his second most favorite customer was here. Luke was a charmer and he was great to talk to. He was also a flirt and Percy did enjoy the attention. It was flattering to get this kind of attention from a handsome man, even if it wasn't Nico. "Excuse me, but I was under the impression that you work here. So why don't you delay your private conversations to later?", asked a sharp, heavily accented voice. Percy jumped a little and looked flustered as he noticed an impatient Italian with a blonde next to him. The blonde was handsome, with electric blue eyes, muscular and a charming smile. Short; Percy instantly didn't like him. Why did they all have to look so good? Smiling apologetically at Nico and the handsome blonde, Percy hastily checked Luke's items and packed them into a bag. When Luke put the money on the counter, he also took the cock-ring back out, placing it on top of the money. Percy grinned and rolled his eyes as Luke winked at him. "I know you'll have better use for this than I do, little masochist", teased Luke and left. Luke blushed furiously and put the cock-ring into his pocket. That was what he got for sharing intimate stories with his friend. With yet another apologetic smile on his lips did he turn back to Nico and the well-defined, gorgeous blonde. Damn that blonde. Even the fake smile he had put up melted away when he saw the dark look on Nico's face. Truth be told, Percy had often contemplated what kind of dom Nico was and he had always leaned toward a tender and thorough dom. Right now, he wouldn't put cruel and brutal past Nico. He looked dangerous, downright murderous. "So, you're the famous Percy Jackson?", inquired the blonde, lightening the mood. "Mh?", grunted Percy utterly confused while checking the items. "I... Yes? How do you know?" "Ethan's boyfriend, who doesn't seem to like me too much, talks about you a lot", replied the blonde with a charming smile. "I'm Jason. It's nice to officially meet you. Alabaster is a big fan." "Torrington never liked me", huffed Percy and rolled his eyes. "You are mistaken." "Right", snickered Jason, looking doubtful, grinning. "Well, it was nice to meet you. Nico, come on. Let's get going. If I remember correctly, we had an elaborate game plan for today." "Yes. But I think we'll change it up some", grunted Nico, still glowering. He had a firm hand resting on Jason's lower back, like he was holding onto what was his. Jealousy flared inside of Percy and he found himself once again yearning to be in the place of Nico's current sub. Heaving a long-suffering sigh, he rested his forehead against the desktop to mope in peace. /break\ Alabaster glared distastefully at Jason. The blonde was annoying, all charming hero-type who tried to be in charge of everything but in the end was in charge of nothing, really. He was... flat. Alabaster didn't see any depth in him. He wasn't funny, or dorky. Not really, at least. He seemed to think that wearing glasses made him a nerd. His favorite superhero was Superman, for crying out loud. That was the flattest, most boring answer anyone could give! He had nothing on Percy Jackson. Somehow, the boy's attitude had gained Alabaster's attention even when he had still been dating Nico. But ever since his breakup with the Italian, Alabaster got to see Percy from a different perspective. After all, Percy Jackson had been the reason for the breakup. Nico could easily entertain a whole chain of sex-shops himself with all the toys he had in his mansion, yet still he went to the Siren's Call at least