PJatO || Minorcy || PJatO || Minorcy || Fixing What Is Wrong || Minorcy || PJatO || Minorcy || PJatO Title : Fixing What Is Wrong – Through Tartarus For Love Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, established relationship, magic, bestiality, pet-play, slavery, D/s, collar, nipple clamps, sex toys, plugs, gags, spanking, oral, anal, explicit intercourse, mpreg, breeding, pregnancy kink, character death (but not permanently, because monsters), hetero Main Pairing : Minotaur/Percy Side Pairings : Tyson/Ella, Paul/Sally Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Ella, Tyson, Sally Jackson, Paul Blofis, Mrs. O'Leary, Blackjack, Small Bob Mythological Characters : Asterion | Minotaur, Medusa, Stheno, Euryale, Skylla, Circe, Pegasus, Nemean Lion, Damasen, Iapetus | Bob Own Characters : Fidi Liu (daughter of Medusa), Pasiphae Jackson, Pepromeno Jackson, Agkelos Jackson, Mpatis Jackson, Serpentarius Jackson, Pandorika Peterson (daughter of Circe) Summary : The Minotaur was slayed by 'heroes' and Percy would not stand for it. He couldn't wait however many years it may take his mate to return – so he takes a quest to save Asterion, together with Medusa and Circe. During the times of the next big war. Fixing What Is Wrong Through Tartarus For Love "Master Asterion?" Asterion grunted as he had just entered the bedroom. He had been on a quest with a couple others, to get some supplies for Camp Snake-Blood. It had been a long and exhausting day, so to return to such a nice sight greeting him, it was most appreciated. His precious little mate was sitting in the middle of the bed, legs long and bare as he was only wearing his oversized camp-shirt, those sea-green eyes staring up at the Minotaur so innocently. "What was my little vixen up to while I was gone?", growled Asterion pleased. Said little vixen made a mewling sound and leaned up as a large hand cupped his cheek gently. He had always called Percy that. His little vixen. But it had never been truer than it was these days. A triangular white ear twitched as Asterion scratched behind it, the bushy white tail with the blackish blue tip started wagging just a little bit at the attention. Asterion widely approved of the changes his mate had undergone; though they had not been Asterion's idea. They had been Percy's idea. He had been living at Camp Snake-Blood for nearly a year now and a few months ago, a new arrival had reached their camp. Circe, the sorceress and shapeshifter, with her half-blood daughter Pandorika Peterson. At that point, Percy had already integrated well into camp as an instructor and a friend to many. But apparently Percy had still felt rather out of place. He was the only demigod among monsters and creatures. So when the goddess of witchcraft joined their camp, the cheeky little demigod had asked her for a favor. To turn him into a monster himself. Percy Jackson was no longer the demigod hero, he was now a kitsune. A mischievous fox-demon, which did fit him rather well, though most were surprised he hadn't turned into a sea-monster. Percy was so much more at ease now that he was one of them. He still had his water-powers, though he mainly used them for pranks these days. He was a water-elemental kitsune. And he was gorgeous. "Been teaching sword-fighting classes all day long. Tired", hummed Percy softly. Asterion hummed and let his hand wander down from Percy's cheek to trace the heavy collar around his pet's neck, tugging just a little on the silver bell attached to it to make it chime. Percy's eyes shone silver for a second, a clear sign of him wanting something. Asterion gave him an amused look before the Minotaur settled down next to his kitsune on the bed. "You know what to do if you want something, pet", stated Asterion unimpressed. Those tempting, rosy lips were caught between sharp teeth and chewed until they were dark-red and abused in an even more tempting way. Asterion felt himself growing hard. His naughty little tease. "I want another baby", stated Percy firmly, licking his lips slowly. Asterion raised both his eyebrows. They had all been so busy coping with yet another war, honestly breeding his pretty vixen had actually slipped Asterion's mind in the past months. There was so much to do and Asterion appreciated the great help his mate had been for camp, for them all. There were many monsters who didn't want a part in any of this. The ancient ones wouldn't treat them better than the gods, they knew the monsters meant little to them, were more like a speck of dirt on their otherwise clean tabletop. So these days, more and more monsters came to seek refugee at Camp Snake-Blood, leaving them with all hands full and with the worries of the war affecting them. Asterion frowned curiously as he took in the sight of his delectable little mate. "Not yet", grunted Asterion firmly. "We already have five children to worry about. I can not worry about you being pregnant right now, pet. When the war ends, one way or the other." Percy made a pitiful whining sound and pouted adorably up at the Minotaur, prompting Asterion to roll his eyes pointedly. Honestly, he never thought he would find a mate as perfect as Percy, who was so eager to please, so greedy and beautiful. Slowly, Asterion ran a firm hand down Percy's chest, pushing him over to lay on the bed sprawled out beneath him. Asterion discarded Percy's shirt with a swift movement and grabbed the heavy shackles attached to the metal frame of the bed so he could tie his mate to it. Percy moaned softly at being restrained, hopeful that his master had changed his mind. With a smirk on his muzzle did Asterion run his broad tongue once over Percy's torso, enjoying the dips of Percy's sixpack and the way Percy's nipples hardened beneath his touch. Tilting his head some, Asterion reached over to open the nightstand and get some supplies out. With one hand did he start teasing Percy's nipples, pinching and twisting and tugging until Percy was a whimpering mess beneath him, back arched and thrusting up into air. Asterion loved taking his pet apart. As much as he enjoyed fucking Percy hard, sometimes he just relished in playing with his little toy until the boy was left frustrated and desperate. Once the cute pink nipples were dark-red and sore, Asterion went on to slip a cock-ring around Percy's hard cock. "No—o", whined Percy with large, begging eyes. "Please, master, no." "So you wish to protest then, naughty pet. Very well", sighed Asterion gravely. "Open wide." Percy knew that Asterion only used the cock-ring when he intended to not let Percy come at all. But protesting against his master's wishes always resulted in being gagged to silence him. With a last pout on his lips did Percy open wide so Asterion could push the slightly uncomfortably large dildo-gag down Percy's throat. It was, thankfully enough, not Asterion's size, but still big enough to put some strain on Percy's jaw. Asterion fastened the gag around Percy's head before moving on. He gave the perky little nipples a couple more harsh twists to make Percy whimper around the gag before he applied the clamps to them, making Percy howl as much as he could. The clamps were connected by a chain and Asterion started pulling on it teasingly every now and again while lubing up a giant vibrator that was indeed molded after him. Removing the butt-plug that Asterion always put into his pet when not fucking him or playing with him, Asterion pushed the thick vibrator in deep until its mere size bulged Percy's stomach out some. Muffled groans and moans came from the gagged kitsune, who was trying to wiggle around and physically beg for his master's attention. Smirking down at Percy, Asterion gave the chain a very harsh tug that left Percy with tears in the corners of his eyes just the moment the Minotaur turned the vibrator on its highest setting. The kind of setting that would drive his little mate positively insane. Another last tug on the chained clamps and Asterion got up, prompting Percy to whine in confusion. "Oh, I have a meeting with Medusa. I'll be back in an hour or two", stated Asterion. With a pleased look on his face did Asterion leave the bedroom and head downstairs. The main house had been renovated to house more people, now that many parents accompanied their children here to seek shelter from a war that was not theirs. Half way downstairs, Asterion found himself joined by Skylla, her long tentacles slithering along the floor. "You're in a good mood. I take it you went to see your mate before the meeting", teased Skylla. "Yes. And I am looking forward to returning to his side after the meeting ends", replied Asterion. Medusa, Euryale, Stheno and Circe were already in the room, Euryale and Stheno there to bring tea and sandwiches. Circe, Skylla and Asterion had been on the mission together and were now to report back to Medusa, as the head of camp. The head gorgon stared at her old friend curiously. "I'm afraid this meeting might run longer than anticipated. We have news from the front", sighed Medusa strained before taking one of the cups of tea from her sisters. "It's a mess, is what it is", muttered Euryale beneath her breath. "Giants. Always making a giant mess", agreed Stheno seriously. "That won't be a problem. I have all day long", assured Asterion gruffly as he sat down. /break\ Percy winced nearly every time he moved because the shirt rubbed uncomfortably against his abused nipples. Asterion had left him in their bed, clamps on his nipples and vibrator torturing his prostate for three hours. And when he came back? Percy still didn't get his orgasm. Honestly, his master could be so mean . Pouting a little, Percy knelt down to sort the apples. "Mommy, mommy, mommy! Did daddy say yes? Did he?" The pout melted and took a turn for a smile when Agkelos galloped toward him. His middle child and pegataur appeared to be six years old now physically and he was eager for another baby sibling. He had been the one to ask Percy with large, begging eyes when mommy and daddy would give him a baby sister for a change. After all, the count was four boys and one girl at the moment and Agkelos may love his big sister Pasiphae, but she was also his nagging big sister. He wanted a baby sister that he could play princess with and have adventures with. It was adorable. "Daddy said...", started Percy before wavering a little. "Now is not a good time, sweetie." "Why?", asked Agkelos with a pout rivaling Percy's. "Because there's a war going on, silly", pointed Pasiphae as she landed next to Agkelos. The three siblings had been out flying together. While Agkelos got his own set of wings, Pasiphae got to ride on Pegasus himself and Pepromeno had been riding Blackjack. Blackjack whined as he landed next to Pegasus and galloped over to Percy to nudge Percy's face with his own. Percy smiled gently at his friend who had tracked him down a few weeks ago. "It's too dangerous for mom to be pregnant with all the possible fighting, Agkelos", added Pepromeno gently. "You know that mom is one of camp's best fighters. If we're attacked and mom can't