PJatO || Luktavercy || PJatO || Octavian's Mischief Makers || PJatO || Luktavercy || PJatO Title : Octavian's Mischief Makers – Percy and his Blondes Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, threesome, hurt/comfort, explicit intercourse, anal, double penetration, spanking, D/s, collar, catboy, magic Main Pairing : Octavian/Luke/Percy Side Pairings : Octavian/Luke (established), Ethan/Alabaster, Piper/Annabeth (mentioned), Frank/Hazel/Leo (mentioned) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster C. Torrington, Lou Ellen, Cecil Rogers, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll Summary : Octavian and Luke met during the Titan War and fell into a relationship. Luke lives through the Titan War and over the course of the Giant War, the two remain a couple. It only gets complicated when Percy, who Luke had been harboring feelings for years now, needs someone to consult him after everything he had been through. Somehow, things still fall into place for the three. Octavian's Mischief Makers Percy and his Blondes Luke was stuck in quite the complicated situation. It could be rather easy. The problem was it wasn't easy at all, not even a little bit. It was a mess, from the start to the ending and especially in between. It had started when this wide-eyed kid had come to camp. Percy Jackson, with his incredible sea-green eyes, his innocence and sass and especially so his will. That boy had determination beyond belief. He had impressed Luke and at first, Luke was amused by the puppy love and adoration that the young one had for him. Luke was ashamed how he used it against Percy and manipulated the boy, but in his defense, Luke was being manipulated himself, by Kronos. Things got different when Greeks and Romans teamed up together on the rebels' side. Octavian Simmons entered Luke's life. The power hungry augur of New Rome. The handsome tall blonde who was easily swayed by Luke's charms. They easily fell into bed and then fell in love. They planned on taking over the world together, to rule it together, side by side. Of course nothing ever goes according to plan. Kronos nearly got Luke killed, trying to take over Luke's body entirely. All Luke had wanted was the titan's power, not to lose himself. Percy saved Luke's life by killing him. The Apollo Cabin was fast enough to reanimate Luke – with his own soul in place. And thus, the prophecy was fulfilled and Luke had died a hero's death. That was honored and some of his reputation was restored. Most still treated him as the enemy though. The only ones who truly trusted him and forgave him were Percy, Annabeth and the Hermes Cabin. Sadly enough, the whole ordeal had taken its toll on Luke and he was tied to the infirmary for half a year. Long enough to be thought of as dead by Octavian. Understandably so; the titans hadn't taken over the world and Luke hadn't shown his face in half a year. So Luke couldn't even hold it against Octavian that he slept with Percy – after all, the adorable kid had grown into one gorgeous teen. And the matter was more complicated, again. Because Percy had been abducted by Hera, his memories wiped as he found himself at Camp Jupiter, where he instantly felt drawn to the tall blonde who treated him not exactly the way he deserved. There was a pattern to Percy's preference. The Giant War passed without Luke noticing much. He was still in rehabilitation and only properly up to anything by the time the war was over. Oh, he was not the only one surprised to see Octavian at the great celebratory bonfire held by the Greeks, where Romans and Greeks were finally united. They were awkward around each other for about two hours, before kissing feverishly. Since Percy regained his memories of apparently being in a relationship with Annabeth, he couldn't hold it against Luke that the Greek blonde was getting it on with the Roman blonde. Messy. The mess only grew from there on out. Percy was broken after the war, there was no other way to phrase it. He had gone through Tartarus and while he had been gone for half a year, his girlfriend had fallen in love with a daughter of Aphrodite. A tomboyish bossy girl that was quite the fighter herself. Very much like Annabeth's first crush; Thalia Grace. Luke had been there when he saw her fall in love with Piper and as much as it hurt him on Percy's account, he was also happy that she was finally brave enough to stand true to who she was, because Annabeth very much was a lesbian. When Thalia had joined the hunt, it had left Annabeth heartbroken and Percy? Percy had been a safe option. "I—I'm sorry... I shouldn't always come to you...", whispered Percy hoarsely. Luke grunted as he ran a hand through his messy blonde hair. He blinked blearily at Percy. Percy in his Captain America boxers and shirt, with bloodshot eyes. Sighing, Luke opened the door some more. Grunts came from inside – specifically from Connor who threw a pillow at Luke for turning on the lights in the middle of the night. Travis huffed and wrapped an arm around his brother in his sleep, pulling Connor so the younger could hide his face in Travis' chest. "C'mere, Perce", sighed Luke softly and wrapped an arm around Percy. In the end, Hermes Cabin had been the very first place where Percy had felt like he belonged. The Giant War had hurt Percy more than the Titan War did, mostly so because of Tartarus. It was also hard because he didn't know who to turn to. Jason was very busy being the new pontifex maximus and he got a lot of help from Nico, because his shadow-traveling proved to be quite useful in the task at hand. Reyna and Frank were busy being praetors. Leo had died when he blew up Gaia, just to come back with a metal dragon and a titan's daughter in tow. These days, Leo was very busy being coddled by Frank and Hazel. Those two had not been fine with Leo 'dying' and it had made them realize that they were very much in love with the Latino. Or so Percy had told Luke. It wasn't like Luke knew Frank and Hazel beyond occasional Graeco-Roman meetings. Last but not least were Annabeth and Piper, who were living in San Francisco now with their respective families, being happy, in love and attending college in New Rome. In short; Percy was lonely and didn't know who to talk to about the war. The others seemed to be coping on their own somehow. Percy however was stuck. He was alone, he wasn't good at coping with things, he was scared and scarred. He was scared to the bone by everything he had experienced lately. Luke was there to step up. When all other people close to Percy seemed too preoccupied with taking care of their own wounds – which they had every right to after what they had been through – Luke was there. "What did you dream about?", asked Luke in a low voice, guiding Percy toward his bed. Hermes Cabin was decidedly more empty now that every non Hermes kid had moved out. Finally everyone had their own bed, no one had to sleep on the ground anymore. Alabaster and Lou had the Hecate Cabin, Ethan was so far the only occupant of the Nemesis Cabin. Everyone had the place they deserved. It made Luke feel bitter to think of all the deaths that had to come for this change to happen, but this was what Luke had always fought for. Equality. "...The... the pit...", whispered Percy barely audible. Luke sat down on his bed and pulled Percy along with him. The son of Poseidon more than willingly snuggled up to Luke. Percy was like a young kitten when he felt vulnerable and scared, seeking warmth, protection and cuddles. And after everything Percy had done for him, Luke couldn't deny Percy this comfort. He couldn't let the savior of Olympus down and leave him alone. Sure, Luke had a boyfriend – hah, finally now that the wars were over and Greeks and Romans were united, finally Luke got to call Octavian his and his boyfriend at that. And Luke loved Octavian. Octavian was the first one to make him feel strong, to fully support him. All the time, Luke felt like he had to be the leader, had to be strong for others. It was different with Octavian though and it had been so easy to picture ruling the world with the other blonde. It was kind of ironic that Luke now filled that same role for Percy though. Percy, who had always tried to be strong for all of camp, for the whole world, who had carried too much on his small shoulders even at the age of twelve. Percy, who truly deserved to have someone who made him feel safe and protected for a change, someone he could lean onto. Percy, who had grown from that slightly awkward, innocent-eyed child into this gorgeous and adorable young man. "It's alright, Perce", assured Luke tenderly, running his fingers through Percy's hair. "Everything is alright. It can't hurt you anymore. You're safe, you're with me. I promise, I will never let anything harm you again. Not... Not after all that has happened. I'll make up for it by never letting you get hurt by anyone, not even me, ever again, Perce. You're safe, kitten..." The son of Poseidon was already asleep half way into what Luke had said. It was really easy to sooth Percy. All Percy needed was someone to hold him and speak soft, tender words. Luke sighed and brushed his lips against Percy's forehead as he cradled the smaller and younger demigod closer. He loved the way Percy felt against his body. Honestly, when Luke had first started comforting Percy, it had been pure friendship – he truly just wanted to help the broken Sea Prince. But the longer this went on, the more his feelings for Percy shifted. The protectiveness was still there, it had just grown and evolved. Luke had fallen in love with Percy. If he was being fully and truly honest with himself, he had already fallen in love with Percy before that. When Percy had saved Luke's life, when Percy had been there to support Luke and help him through the healing process when all but his former cabin and Annabeth had turned their backs on him. Honestly, without Percy, Annabeth, Ethan, Alabaster, Lou, Cecil, Travis and Connor, he may have never fully recovered. He wouldn't have stayed at camp, because there wouldn't have been left a place for him. In the time Luke had been tied to the bed by his injuries, Percy had regularly visited him, encouraged him, helped him with his rehabilitation, while Octavian was all the way on the other end of the US and they hadn't seen each other in months and Luke didn't even know if Octavian was still alive after the Titan War. Luke had only realized his feelings now that Percy was the one leaning on him though. And now this had gotten messy because of that. First Percy had been crushing on Luke, then Luke and Octavian had gotten together just to be separated by the war, which had led to Luke falling in love with Percy,