PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Catch of the Day || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Catch of the Day – The Terrible Thirteen of the Tartarus Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, yearning, mermen, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Reyna/Annabeth, Chris/Clarisse, Ethan/Alabaster Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Jason Grace, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster Torrington, Lou Ellen, Will Solace, Cecil Rogers Summary : The Ghost King is the most dangerous pirate there is. Not that that means anything to the merman prince Percy, who spends quite some time stalking the fascinating black-sailed ship called the Tartarus. He is especially fascinated by its captain... Catch of the Day The Terrible Thirteen of the Tartarus Captain Nico di Angelo, better known as the Ghost King, was the most feared pirate on all of the seven seas. Whole kingdoms trembled at the sight of his ship, the Tartarus. Its sails were so black, they seemed to suck all light out of the surrounding areas. The thirteen members of its crew were strong, fierce and merciless. When they saw something they wanted, they took it and kept it. Or so humans would describe them. To one little merman prince, all of this seemed to be quite the different story however. Six years ago, Prince Perseus of Atlantis had been captured by sailors who kept poking and prodding him, determined to sell him to the highest bidder... /flashback – Six Years Ago\ Eleven years old Perseus of Atlantis was just a guppy in their terms. All bright, sparkling green eyes, still slightly chubby cheeks. His blue tail wasn't all too strong, which was why he had gotten captured by sailors. They kept poking him with sticks, pulling on his fins and laughing at him. He didn't understand. They said they wanted to sell him, but he was a sentient being. Why would they sell a living creature? Who would buy him? And for what? But then came the fire and the screams. Gun-shots – he had heard those terrible sounds before and seen what happened when those sounds occurred, how they ripped the human body apart at places and caused the red fluids inside to spill. Fear spread throughout the young prince's being, especially when everything went strangely silent. Then voices, cheerful, loud voices. And footsteps. "Captain! We found something!" Percy was startled at the two human females who stood in the doorway. A tall one with dark hair in a broad braid, having one arm around a slightly smaller one will broad, long golden curls. Frightened, he pressed himself into the corner of the glass-case he was stuck in. At the out-call of the females, another one entered. This one was male and taller, his skin a rich, sandy color, the eyes dark and deep and on his head a mop of messy, black curls. The broad head with the blood-red feather sticking to it was all the sign Percy needed to know this was the captain. He had spend enough time watching human ships and how they worked. The captain was like the king of the ship. "Interesting...", commented the captain curiously as he approached the tank. "D—Don't hurt me!", warned Percy, trying to look and sound brave. The captain laughed and took one of his black leather gloves off. The olive-skinned hand reached out to cup his cheek and Percy found himself forced to look into the pirate's eyes. "He's only a babe", commented the blonde softly. "Poor little thing..." "Your compassion is what makes you a bad pirate, Annabeth", chuckled the dark-haired girl. She ran one hand through Annabeth's hair in an intimate gesture, making the blonde blush. "She's right though, Reyna", stated the captain and also shed his other glove. "And we don't have any need for a babe like him. His parents however will be quite grateful to get him back, mh?" Percy yelped as he was lifted out of the water and pressed up against a chest. He soaked the dark beige shirt and the dark brown leather vest, but the pirate apparently didn't care. "W—Where are y—you bringing me?", asked Percy frightened. "Back to the sea. When I started fishing, my father told me to throw the little ones back in and wait for a bigger catch", smirked the captain teasingly. "I'll catch you again when you're older." Percy blushed embarrassed when the pirate placed an innocent kiss on the tip of his nose before setting him down on the rail from where Percy could easily slip back into the sea. /flashback|end\ No human had ever shown more kindness to Percy and due to his adventurous and kind nature, he had encountered many of those. Sailors he had saved from wrecked ships, whole ships he had lured away from dangerous depths and to the saver sides of the sea, playing children at the shore. So one could say that Percy had developed a kind of obsession with the black-sailed ship. Its figurehead was a skeleton angel, the wings spread out along the rail, eyes of fist-sized rubies. The flag was a skull, also with red eyes, but with three parallel laying bones behind it instead of the regular two crossed bones. Percy followed the ship, whenever he spotted it. He watched how the nice human had grown into a handsome man. A well-trimmed beard ran along the captain's chin, more a line that showed his sharp cheekbones and jawline. The messy dark curls were tied together in the man's neck, his leather boots heavy and his attired nicely filled out by muscles. His name was Nico di Angelo – and truly, how could a man with a name like an angel be anything but good? Apparently, the man was twelve years Percy's senior. An adult, but not an old adult, so that had been a relief for Percy. Even though Percy wasn't sure why he was relieved by that. Percy also knew the rest of the crew. By name and how their relationships were, because over the years, he had watched closely and whenever the ship would rest, he'd swim close by and listen to their conversations and singing, the happiness they radiated as they celebrated a raid. The black-haired woman Percy had met six years ago was named Reyna and she was the captain's first mate and most trusted adviser and friend. She was beautiful and fierce and she was romantically involved with the pretty blonde with the curls – Annabeth. Annabeth was the cartographer and strategist of the ship. She was brilliant and practically always reading those things called books. Percy was fascinated by the concept. Putting information down so others could grasp it without someone having to relay it. Amazing. One of the cooks was apparently the captain's younger sister, a pretty girl with golden eyes by the name of Hazel. She was dating the other cook, a very broad and tall man called Frank. He looked quite intimidating, but he seemed to be a kind soul, especially when Hazel was close by. There was even a doctor on the ship, a flirtatious blonde named Will. Percy didn't like when the blonde came close to the captain, he was far too touchy-feely with the captain! The others on the ship either had no specific designation or Percy had yet to discover them. There was Jason, a blonde man with a scar on his lip, who liked to spend much time in the crow's nest or swinging on the ropes when they keeled over a ship. The fiercest of the bunch however was the brunette female by the name of Clarisse. She also had quite the foul mouth if she wanted to. Her boyfriend Chris was quite the opposite. He was calm, though he seemed to enjoy playing pranks on his fellow crew-mates when they spend too much time in calm water. One of the younger crew-members liked to help him with those, albeit less precise with his pranks, Cecil could cook up quite the schemes too. When not helping Chris with pranks, he often was send out on missions with Lou, a short, wicked girl. The last two members of the crew were Lou's older brother Alabaster and Alabaster's boyfriend Ethan, who had an eye-patch like a proper pirate. "Percy! You shouldn't spend so much time with your head out of the water!" Blinking slowly, Percy turned toward his best and only friend. His name was Leo and Leo was awesome. Percy was a blue-tailed and blue-skinned merboy, but Leo was all red and firey. He had some orange and where the thin skin spread between his fins, it was such a delicate yellow that it nearly sparkled golden. He was very beautiful, with his large almond eyes and the wild curls. "There's not much else where I can be", muttered Percy upset as he swam down to Leo. Which was the truth. Atlantis no longer existed. When the young prince had been kidnapped by the sailors six years ago, it had in a way saved his life. A riot had overthrown the royal family. The vicious sea-witch Hera with her tentacles had lulled the people in, managed to blame everything bad happening to the realm on the royal family. When Percy had returned to the palace, it had laid in ruins and everyone was gone. Only the kitchen boy had managed to hide. That was how Leo and Percy had first met. Leo had been ecstatic to learn that at least one member of their royal family was still alive, but he was also worried – they needed to keep Percy save. Since then, the two merboys had been on the run. Hiding from the witch who had declared herself the new queen. As long as she and Zeus ruled from their new palace on the cliff of Olympus, Percy had to fear for his life under the sea. So he swam and swam and swam. Whenever he and Leo found some rest in a cave, a fish afraid of the queen's punishment would rattle them out to the new royal guard and they had to leave again. The only constant in Percy's life anymore were Leo and the Tartarus. He took solace in the ship. /break\ Hazel smiled amused as she and Frank served dinner, just like every night. She loved their little family of misfits and outlaws. They had started out small – Bianca, Nico, Hazel, Jason and Reyna. On the run and on their own. But when their older sister had been killed by the government for thieving. Where the band of five had only taken what was necessary to survive for five orphans, thing took a different turn after Bianca's death. They became pirates and they took whatever they wanted. Their family grew with that. On a long journey to the other side of their continent, they had encountered Frank and Ethan, in different realms of the same landmass. Hazel soon found love in the kind cook. "Now, what kind of treasure are we headed for this time?", asked Ethan, his voice casual. He was sitting on one side of Nico, while Reyna sat on Nico's other side. Alabaster next to Ethan was leaning against the Japanese's side, one of Ethan's arms around Alabaster's waist. Alabaster and Lou were two 'witches', bound to die on a pyre when the crew had gone to