PJatO || Luctavercy || PJatO || Two Kings and their Ace || PJatO || Luctavercy || PJatO Title : Two Kings and their Ace – If the Augur Joined the Rebels... Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; twist of PJatO Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, threesome, fluff, adoption, alternate families, explicit intercourse, anal, double penetration, magic, cat/catboy (brief), shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Octavian/Luke/Percy Side Pairings : Ethan/Alabaster, Nico/Jason, Jake/Will, Reyna/Annabeth, Chris/Clarisse, Charles/Silena, Dakota/Leila Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Nico di Angelo, Thalia Grace, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Annabeth Chase, Charles Beckendorf, Silena Beauregard, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, Chris Rodriguez, Clarisse la Rue, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster C. Torrington, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Nyssa Black, Leo Valdez, Piper McLean, Dakota Elle, Leila Fischer, Tyson, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis, Mrs. O'Leary, Argentum, Aurum Own Character : Sedanur Aykan Summary : What if Luke and Octavian met and joined forced during the Titan War? Together, they trick the titans and take over. They become not just a power couple but the new kings of Olympus. All that's left is getting their affairs straight, collecting the straggling demigods around and building a united front of now former demigods. Luke is particularly interested in collecting Percy Jackson. Two Kings and their Ace If the Augur Joined the Rebels... "Good morning, my king. You look truly glorious today." Luke grinned, a very dopey and happy grin that he tried to hide in his pillow as he arched his back into the soft kisses being placed along his spine. King. He still liked the ring of that, especially coming from that voice. Twisting some, he reached out to grasp his consort's neck and pull him into a deep kiss. The other grunted pleased by that, twisting his own body to deepen the kiss. "Likewise, my king", whispered Luke against the lips of his lover. His lover being one Octavian Simmons, former augur of New Rome, new king of Olympus. Luke turned to properly look at Octavian, taking in his lean figure, long limbs, light blonde hair and sparkling sky-blue eyes. He was half-naked, apparently in the middle of getting dressed for the day. Luke and Octavian had met about a year before the climax of the war, when Luke had gone to recruit Romans for his cause. After all, attacking the gods from two fronts was far more effective, especially considering that Romans and Greeks didn't know of each other and thus didn't stand as a united front against their shared enemy. They were divided and therein laid Luke's advantage. Working with titans and monsters, Luke had learned about the existence of the Romans. Luke had gone to the augur – a power-hungry young man who craved leadership. They had fallen into bed during their negotiations and that became a repeated thing, until it became hard to deny that they were boyfriends. Luke's best friend Ethan had been the first one to point out the obvious to them. With the united brain-power of Luke and Octavian, winning the war was an easy feat. They had Greeks and Romans and monsters and titans. Roman gods had kids they sent into war, Greek gods had kids they sent into war; not even as one strong team, but separated. The most important point however was that thanks to Octavian, Luke was still in control of his own body. He had argued, quite convincingly so, that helping Kronos rise to power would be to swap one oppressive force against the other. They had to cut out all of them and take over themselves. It was time the next generation took over, as history had shown so often – Gaia and Uranus being overthrown by the titans, the gods taking over after the titans and now it was time for the demigods to seize power for themselves. Together, they had tricked someone nearly as power-hungry as Octavian. A Bryce Lawrence; scum, according to Octavian. They tricked Bryce, telling him he would gain incredible power by becoming Kronos' vessel and as the leader of the demigods, they needed to know the mortal spot Bryce chose. With that, it was easy. Taking out the camps' forces by using the titans and then taking out the titans. "What's on the agenda today?", asked Luke and stretched out like a lazy lion. "Meeting with the Olympian council; Thalia returned with her hunt with the latest batch of stragglers", drawled Octavian while fastening his robes. Nodding slowly, Luke sat up and made grabby-motions for his robes. Octavian sighed dramatically and reached out to grab the robes to toss them over to his lover. Luke grinned broadly, enjoying how easy it was manipulate Octavian into doing whatever Luke wanted. It was even better because Octavian was a master manipulator himself, so that gave him a special kick. "Luke! Luke, are you here? Luke!" Octavian heaved a very tired sigh and stepped out of the way between door and bed as the door flew open and an antsy and excited blonde girl entered. Most of the time, Octavian was rather fond of Annabeth, like a little sister with whom he could play chess all day long (though Luke knew the main reason why Octavian was even willing to grow fond of Annabeth was because Luke loved Annabeth like a little sister and Octavian, well, he loved Luke). "What's going on, Annie?", asked Luke as he threw his robes on hastily. "Thalia, she—she found Percy ", exclaimed Annabeth, eyes wide in excitement. Octavian frowned confused by the shift in his lover at those words. Luke stiffened and seemed more on guard but at the same time he also looked happy and relieved. Curious combination. "You, Reyna and Clarisse take over the others Thalia brought, inform Ethan that we're going to have a judging today. I will take care of Percy myself", stated Luke firmly. Annabeth's deep calculating eyes looked over Luke for a moment before moving over to Octavian. "And when you say 'take care', what does that... mean specifically?" Sighing, Luke grasped Annabeth's face and looked her deep in the eyes. "It means I'll take care of him. I promised you, no harm will come to Percy. I stand to that promise, Annie." He leaned over to kiss her forehead and she sighed in defeat, nodding slowly. "Okay." "Good", grinned Luke before ruffling her curls. "Tell Thals to bring him here, Tav and I are going to do some 'kingly stuff', maybe it'll be good for Percy to stay on his own for a moment." "Thals says he's pretty... beat", added Annabeth concerned. "Okay. Slightest change of plans then. Go and send Will to check on Percy, yeah?", asked Luke. Annabeth smiled and nodded before she ran off to do everything Luke just asked of her. Octavian frowned as he watched his lover. There was something light to Luke's step. "This Percy, he is the one you talk about so often?", asked Octavian inquisitive. /break\ Annabeth's pulse was racing as she led Thalia toward Luke's room. Thalia was carrying the currently unconscious son of Poseidon. He had been attacked by a bunch of vengeful monsters when Thalia and her hunt had found him. On their way to the room, they ran into the Stolls. "Ah, messenger gods. Just what I need right now!", grinned Annabeth. "That sounds ominous", countered Travis, raising one eyebrow. "Is... Is that Percy?", asked Connor worried, looking at Thalia. "Yes. That's why I'm busy at the moment. Can one of you go and fetch Will? And Ethan, Clarisse and Reyna need to be informed of Thalia's arrival too", requested Annabeth. "Can't even tell your girlfriend yourself?", teased Travis. "Watch out, or she'll get jealous." Annabeth huffed and rolled her eyes, the faintest blush on her cheeks as she turned her attention back toward Thalia and Percy, continuing on the way to the kings' bedroom. "I was summoned", sighed Will dramatically as he entered moments later. "Is it true? Is it really Percy ?", asked Nico as he pushed past Will. The son of Apollo huffed annoyed and rolled his eyes as after Nico, Nico's consort pushed past Will from the other side. Annabeth glared pointedly at the son of Hades as he sat down next to Percy, cautiously brushing Percy's hair out of his pale face. There were dark bags beneath Percy's eyes, cheeks hollow and a nasty gash on his forehead. Everyone and their siblings knew that Nico has had a crush on Percy ever since the son of Poseidon had first collected Nico and Bianca. "He looks awful", pointed Nico's consort out, just to be elbowed in the ribs. "Ouch." "Shut up, Jason. He's in pain ", hissed Nico with a glare. "You'd look like shit too." Jason snickered and rolled his eyes, just to be pushed out of the way by Will. "Enough with the staring. He's not an animal in the zoo. Get out of the room, all of you. Yes, you too, Annabeth." "Come on, Annie", whispered Thalia, stopping any bubbling protest from Annabeth. /break\ Percy was the one . Octavian wasn't quite sure how he felt about that. He had always known that there had been 'the one'; the one Luke had chosen as his consort when he had turned his back on camp. The one he had planned on slowly turning onto his side before claiming him as his consort once the time was right. The one who had stayed strong for camp and never budged. Octavian had never really cared that much because Luke had chosen him , had chosen Octavian . Because Octavian had never expected to meet that one. Now he didn't know what to think. "Stop making that face, Tav", huffed Luke and hit Octavian on the chest as they were heading to their bedroom hours later. "You're my one, idiot. It's not like I'm gonna go all 'new, shiny toy, let's put the old one on a shelf' on you. I love you, Octavian Simmons." Octavian grunted, not commenting otherwise. When the door swung open, what greeted them was good looking. He wasn't blind. The boy in their bed had the sheets pooling around his waist, upper body bare. There were scars, yes – but there were also muscles . He was well-trained; as those heroes tended to be. Sun-kissed skin and pink perky nipples, full-blown rosy lips and the messiest night-black hair possible. Octavian was a man of taste; he could appreciate a good looking guy when he saw one. He understood why Luke was attracted to the boy. When his eyes fluttered open, Octavian felt himself stunned for a long moment. He had never seen a color quite like it. Like the ocean had been captured within those two orbs. They were simply stunning. "Percy", whispered Luke, the name dripping with longing and relief. "Hngh...", grunted the boy, frowning and closing his eyes again. "S too bright..." With a swift movement of his hand did Luke cause the curtains to draw before approaching. He had a silly smile on his lips as he knelt down next to the bed, reaching a hand out to pat Percy's cheek. "He's better", stated Will casually, not feeling like the other two blondes had noticed him yet. "He was highly dehydrated and malnourished. A couple broken ribs and a broken arm. The broken bones are nearly healed by now. I also fed him enough nectar to take care of most his malnourishment. He's still a bit underweight, but with a couple weeks of Silena's cooking, he'll be good to go."