PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Tattooed Temptation || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Tattooed Temptation – How a Tattoo Can Change Your Life Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, tattoos & piercings, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, body worship Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Octavian/Luke, Hades/Persephone (mentioned), Jason/Reyna (mentioned) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Thalia Grace, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons Godly Characters : Persephone, Demeter Summary : Getting shit-face drunk on his best friend's bachelor party, Nico got a really bad tattoo. He goes to a tattoo artist that got recommended to him by the groom's big sister. Percy Jackson is far more than just a tattoo artist; he turns out to be Nico's dream. Tattooed Temptation How a Tattoo Can Change Your Life Nico di Angelo was a responsible young man. He was working at his stepmother's flower-shop to help her out, diligent and a good son. He didn't do drugs and normally also didn't drink too much. Normally being the keyword here. And then his two best friends got hitched. Reyna and Jason had been with him since middle school and he loved both of them dearly. He had helped when they got together in high school. When they got engaged, he had been nearly as happy as the two of them. Jason's mother and stepfather were both big movie stars, so the wedding turned into kind of a big deal. As in; it was a one-week-trip to Hawaii, kicking off with the bachelor party and the bachelorette party, both of course celebrated separately. Reyna and Jason honestly had fought about who got 'custody' over Nico for that party. In the end, Reyna won. Thankfully enough. Nico would rather watch hot guys strip than girls, what with him being gay and all. Another point she had made was that Jason got him as his best man so it was only fair if Reyna got him during the party. Everyone got shit-faced drunk. At one part of the night – between naked bathing in the ocean, running away from the cops because that was kind of not legal at this part of the beach, going to a casino, enjoying some delicious strippers and eating really insanely good food; not necessarily in that order – they ended up at a tattoo parlor. Everyone either got a piercing or a tattoo. When Nico woke the next day, he found out he had a tattoo on his back. A really, really bad one, but that happened when people were drunk and too dumb to look for a serious and respectable business. At least they all had a couple days to get rid of the massive hangover, get over the biggest pain of tattoos and piercings and get their acts together before the wedding. The wedding itself was absolutely beautiful and breathtaking and Nico had a wedding picture in his wallet now because he was 'a big dork'. But he didn't care; digital copies on his phone were one thing but a physical copy in his wallet was something real. And after all, he cherished his friends. Now the wedding was over, the guests had left and Reyna and Jason stayed to spend their honeymoon on the islands, traveling to see more than just Honolulu. Nico returned to New York and came to the conclusion that he needed to do something about that awful tattoo. A skull. But not even a good skull, no, a really ugly and badly done cartoon version of a skull. Jason's older sister Thalia was a godsend there. The punk already had a lot of tattoos and piercings and she gave Nico the number and address of the parlor she trusted, apparently owned by her best friend. "Welcome to the Mischief Markers! Whatcha want today?" Despite what eye-witnesses would later claim, Nico did not squeal high-pitched when he saw the tattoo artist for the first time. He was gorgeous and delicious. Not very tall and also not broad or muscular, but he had nicely defined upper arms. Upper arms decorated with colorful tattoo-sleeves with waves and different fishes. The fact that some color was sticking out of the v-neck of his sleeveless shirt indicated that more of his upper body than just his arms were covered in ink. He had the most mischievous smirk on his lips as he popped his blue gum and when his tongue darted out to roll the gum together again, Nico saw a silver stud at the tip of his tongue. There were three more piercings over his left eyebrow – but the interesting part was beneath his eyebrows, because those eyes were insanely impressive in their bluish-green color. His hair was shaved very short at the sides and the back, but kept longer in the center of his head, styled up and the tips of his pitch-black hair dyed a brilliant ocean-blue. He was the epitome of a rebellious bad boy and trouble-magnet. The kind of guy Nico's dad had always warned him about in high school. And he was gorgeous. "Yo? Someone home?", asked the tattoo artist amused. "Did you break another customer by flirting with him?", chided another voice. "Oi! I didn't even get to the flirting!", complained the gorgeous guy. "He broke before!" "I... uh. Spaced out. Sorry", grunted Nico as he got his act together. "No problem", grinned the artist amused. "I'm Percy. I'll be serving you whatever you want." "This is a tattoo parlor, not a whorehouse, Jackson!", called the same voice from the back. "Shut up and let me flirt with the cute customer, Luke", countered Percy loudly. Briefly, Nico was questioning Thalia's sanity for claiming this to be her trusted tattoo parlor when the people in here were not just unprofessional but also apparently borderline insane. The tattoo artist turned back toward him with a cheeky grin in place. "So, what's your name and what can I do for you?", asked Percy once more. "Thalia told me you guys are the best...", drawled Nico slowly. "Thals did?", grinned Percy pleased. "Well, if you got a closer look on her, you should know of our quality. We did some great pieces on her. That stag with the halo on her right shoulder? I did it." Nico's eyebrows raised high in astonishment. He loved that one in particular. It was beautiful and very expressive, considering it was just some ink on skin, really. "I'm Nico", backtracked Nico. "And I was at the wedding of Thalia's brother Jason. Where we got drunk and... I got a really fucking ugly tattoo and want to cover it with something awesome." "Okay", nodded Percy slowly, curiously. "Thals mentioned the wedding and that the 'morons of the bachelorette party got tattoos, those dumbasses'. Some of them were already in. How about you show me yours and tell me what you had in mind as cover-up?" Percy jumped off the table, the silver chains on his black loose pants jingling. Blushing a bit self-consciously, Nico grabbed his shirt and pulled it off over his head, back toward Percy. Percy winced like he just saw the most disfigured and hideous monster-creature ever. "Oh that's bad. That's real bad. Haven't seen one that ugly in a while", muttered Percy. "...Yeah. Thanks", huffed Nico embarrassed. "I wanted a skull. But I had a cool one in mind. So... I don't know. I wanted something like that, just in... epic? You know what I mean?" Percy frowned as he got his tablet out and took a picture of Nico's whole back before zooming in and taking a couple more pictures. "Just a skull or can I go wild with some designs?" "Wild?", echoed Nico skeptically. "Yeah. Some more elaborate designs. Turning that awkwardly floating ugly skull into something cool", shrugged Percy thoughtful. "I already have a couple ideas, to be honest." "Uh. Sure. I mean, I'll have that on my back for the rest of my life, it better be epic", nodded Nico. "Great! So, give me your e-mail address and I'll send them to you when I'm done?", offered Percy. "Sounds great. Thanks", agreed Nico as he scribbled down his address. "It'll take a couple days or a week or so though", warned Percy. "No problem. I can cover it with a shirt until it's fixed", grunted Nico with a look. "What a shame", sighed Percy and shook his head. "Shouldn't cover up all that art." "That sarcasm?", inquired Nico. "The tattoo is awful." "Not talking about the tattoo", chimed Percy with a wink. Nico blushed at that and stammered a little awkwardly. He had flirted before but never like this. Another guy had never come onto him that strongly. Normally he was the one doing the flirting! And then the cute tattoo artist was being all cheeky and mischievous and cute. Damn it. /break\ A couple days later, when Nico returned home from work and collapsed flat in front of his laptop, he got an e-mail. The address read "percy at mischiefmarkers" so it was really not hard to guess who it was from. With the smallest smile – because he had to think of that flirtatious, hot tattoo artist – did he open the mail and then rolled onto his side so he could see better. Hey there, cute customer! ;) Here's some designs for you. Tell me if any of them are good or if you want changes or if you have any own ideas/designs you'd like. Looking forward to hearing from you – Percy The small smile grew wider. Percy was a persistent flirt and Nico liked it. He clicked the first attachment and looked through them all. The first one was simple; really just the skull re-shaped and with added shades to not just make it more realistic but also to help fixing the wobbly outlines. It was already a 100% improvement of what Nico had on his back right now. The second one was a bit more elaborate. There were dark lilies and other funeral-typical flowers left and right of the skull, fanning out to Nico's shoulders, reduced in mass so that at the end it were just the tips of vines curling on his biceps. On the third one, there were two ravens – one on either side of the skull, both in profile and facing each other so their spread wings looked a bit as though they were the wings of the skull instead. The one after that was it however – the skull wasn't a single skull anymore, Percy had added an entire death angel to it. A skeleton dressed in dark robes and with large, black wings that covered nearly his entire back. The skeleton was holding a beautifully detailed scythe. It was a real piece of art and looked absolutely amazing. Hey gorgeous tattoo artist! Design number four is pretty much perfect. I want it. When can I get an appointment with you? - Nico /break\ So a large, elaborate tattoo like that one, with that many details – the feathers on the wings alone were giving Nico a headache when he thought about drawing them, much less putting them onto someone's skin – and color, because they had chosen a delicately dark blue for the robes of the death angel – would take more than one session. For now, Percy estimated three sessions, depending on 'how much of a wimp' Nico was. Nico took major offense in that and Percy's boss Luke came