PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Wedding Date || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Wedding Date – How Percy Brought Frazel the Best Wedding Present Possible Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, wedding fluff, hetero, polyamory (threesome) Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jason/Reyna, Dakota/Leila Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Tyson, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Dakota, Leila Summary : Percy is invited to his second-cousin Frank's wedding to his long-time girlfriend Hazel, where he meets the bride's cousin Nico. And while groom and bride are pleasantly distracted by Percy's plus one, his best friend Leo, Percy is being swept off his feet Nico di Angelo. Wedding Date How Percy Brought Frazel the Best Wedding Present Possible "Percy! Percy, you need to come over, I need your help! I did something... oh god...", exclaimed a panicked man, pacing through his bedroom, his cellphone clutched in one hand, the other hand fidgeting with the loose tie around his neck. "Please, come over. I—I need your help, cuz." "Calm down, Frank. I'm on my way", promised a soothing voice from the other end of the line. "Ni—ico, brother, please", sobbed Frank's newly wed wife in the attached bathroom, trying to keep her voice low so Frank wouldn't hear her. "I need you to come to my suite, something... happened." "Hazel, I'll be up in a minute, just don't panic", said Nico in a calm voice. "Wait for me." Hazel nodded sharply and ended the call before emerging from the bathroom, peeking at the bed where the unmoving form of a young Latino laid. Frank was still pacing in front of the bed, decidedly not looking at his new wife, awkwardly looking anywhere but at Hazel. /Flashback\ Percy smiled happily as he shouldered his seven-year-old little brother to keep Tyson from running into the next puddle of mud. Percy's mom has had a hard enough time trying to get the kid into a tux and now it was Percy's duty to keep his baby-brother from ruining it. "I don't like the fancy clothes, big brother", complained Tyson with a pout. "Ah, but Frank gave you a very important duty today and you can only be the ring-bearer if you wear the tux", pointed Percy out as they entered the large, beautiful garden. The mansion was incredibly impressive. It was like a palace and the garden behind it was more like a park. The flowers were colorful and everywhere, the white wedding pavilion being decorated with white roses. Chairs were set out for a hundred people, many of them already out and about, chatting about the happy couple. Percy looked around curiously to see if he recognized any faces. "Damn. You never mentioned your second cousin twice removed is rich", grunted Percy's date. Well, date was a bit of a stretch. His best friend Leo Valdez was his plus one to the wedding, because Percy didn't want to go alone, since he didn't exactly know people here. It was the wedding of his second cousin Frank Zhang. They had first met at a giant family gathering held by Percy's father Poseidon. Percy's little half-brother Tyson had gone along because Poseidon saw Tyson as his own even though Tyson was the son of Percy's mother Sally from her second marriage to Paul Blofis. Tyson was a simple child; what was Percy's was also his. So if Poseidon was Percy's dad, then he was Tyson's dad too in some way, since Tyson and Percy were brothers. And Tyson had eagerly latched onto Frank when the two of them had first met Frank three years ago on said family gathering. Tyson had been confused by the complicated family tree, so he had declared them all cousins. Frank, Percy and Tyson had spent all day together back then and it had been the beginning of a beautiful friendship between Frank and Percy. Percy had met the bride-to-be before too, Hazel Levesque. She was a beautiful, sweet young woman. Kind and gentle and lovely. "It's not Frank's. It's Hazel's... cousin-brother?", supplied Percy after a beat. "...What kind of incestuous family has a cousin-brother?", asked Leo and wiggled his nose. Percy huffed and covered Tyson's ears for a moment to glare at his best friend before answering. "Hazel's father... left when her mother was pregnant and her mother was admitted to a psychiatry because of some... disillusion. Hazel was raised by her father's twin-brother, so her cousin was kind of her big brother when growing up." "Oh. Okay. That makes sense, I guess", nodded Leo in understanding. "Ah, there he is!", exclaimed Percy with a bright smile, pointing at a nervous, large guy. "Percy! Ty! You came!", countered the nervous, large guy, smiling. "Of course, Frank", huffed Percy as he pulled the other into a hug. "Frank, my friend Leo. Leo, this is Frank. Now, tell me where do I find the bride to say hello to her too? I'll leave Ty and Leo in your care for the time, Frank. Leo is a great distraction, maybe you'll stop fidgeting then." Frank pointed toward the mansion, blinking surprised when he was handed an excitedly babbling Tyson and left with a curious looking Latino. Percy smiled and ran over toward where Frank had pointed. And indeed, as he entered the room, he found the bride surrounded by her bridesmaids. "Percy, you're here", smiled Hazel and pulled him into a tight embrace. "Oh, I'm so happy. How do I look? My bridesmaids keep telling me good, but it's in their contract to say so." Percy smiled as he returned the hug and then looked her up and down. "You're... beautiful." "As we've been saying", grunted a beautiful Italian girl. "Oh, you're all girls, you're my bridesmaids, you're obligated to calm me down before the wedding", chided Hazel lightly. "Let me introduce! Percy, this is my sister Bianca. And those are Reyna and Leila. Girls, this is Frank's cousin Percy." "So good to meet you", nodded Reyna. "Frank talks a lot about you." "Yeah. Anyway, I just wanted to check on you, Haze. I'll see you later", smiled Percy, kissing Hazel's cheek. "I have to make sure Ty and my plus one don't do anything disastrous..." /break\ Tyson was utterly proud as he got to carry the rings up to Frank and Hazel. Hazel was a vision in her long white dress, shoulder-free and adored with sparkling jewels and pearls. Frank cleaned up nicely too in his tux, smiling at Hazel like she was the sun and moon and stars. Percy sat in the front row, with Leo next to him, watching in awe at how beautiful it all was. On Hazel's side stood her three bridesmaids – Reyna with her long, dark hair flowing freely, Leila with flowers woven into her hair and a bright smile on her face, Bianca with the dignity of a princess. And on Frank's side the best men. A dark-haired man who looked as though he had already tried a little too much of the free champagne, a happily-glowing blonde with a scar above his lip. And an insanely handsome man who looked like the male version of Bianca, his proud smile aimed at Hazel, suggesting him to be the cousin-brother. He was truly nice to look at, especially in the tux. It was only after the ceremony that Percy learned the handsome brother's name. Nico di Angelo. The blonde was Jason, fiance of Reyna, and the dark-haired one was Dakota, boyfriend of Leila. They all sat together at the same table as dinner progressed. Leo got along surprisingly well with Frank and Hazel, laughing and joking and talking a lot with them. With having Leo so well-occupied, Percy thought he could be daring and approach Nico. "Hi", smiled Percy shyly as he sat down with the di Angelo siblings. "Hello", nodded Nico curiously, intrigued, as he looked Percy up and down. "Percy, my brother Nico. Nico, Frank's cousin Percy", introduced Bianca with a smile. "It's... a pleasure to meet you", said Percy with a soft look in his eyes. "I believe, the pleasure is all mine", whispered Nico as he kissed Percy's hand. "Nico. Stop perving on Frank's cousin", chided Jason with a broad grin. He wrapped one arm around Nico's shoulders, grinning mischievously at him. Reyna heaved a sigh and tugged on her fiance's arm, giving him a look that said more than words could. Knowing her fiance, she still added a couple of words, just to make sure. "It's a wedding. Let the singles hook up", stated Reyna rather clearly. "Dance with me instead." Jason didn't have to be told twice. He laughed and grasped Reyna around the waist, whirling her once before they joined Frank and Hazel, Dakota and Leila, and all the other couples on the dance floor. Percy flushed a little as he turned away from the couples and back to Nico, only to be interrupted again as Tyson crawled out from beneath the table, grinning brightly at Percy. "Big brother! Can we dance? It looks like fun!", requested Tyson. Sighing softly, Percy nodded and lifted his little brother up, throwing an apologetic look at Nico before joining everyone else on the dance floor. So maybe Percy has had the hopes of getting laid at this party, but it seemed that bringing his seven-year-old brother was kind of a cockblock. Who would have guessed, really? Not that he minded spending time with Tyson, Ty was adorable. /break\ "We've gone to middle school with Frank and Hazel and I tell you, it was apparent that they'd end up together even back then", declared Leila with a giggle as her and Percy walked together. The girl had drunk a little too much and needed to clear her head some, pulling Percy aside to learn more of him. He was more than eager to do so, since she had some fun stories about Frank and Hazel to tell. She had known them both a long time. "They're good together", offered Percy softly. "They... make each other happy." "They do", agreed Leila with a smile. "What about you? I mean, are you and Leo...?" "Best friends and roommates at college? Yes", answered Percy hastily. "Nothing... romantic or anything. I'm 'hopelessly single' as my friends like to put it." "And... Hazel's brother, who keeps staring at you from across the table?", asked Leila curiously. "If I'd get some time to actually talk to the guy", snorted Percy and rolled his eyes. "How about now, while I take my girlfriend to get something non-alcoholic to drink?", asked Dakota as him and Nico approached them. "Come on, Lei, let's get you some water." "That sounds go—od. Nap sounds good too", hummed Leila pleased, leaning heavily on Dakota. "Hello again, Percy", smiled Nico charmingly, offering the other his arm. "Hi", grinned Percy, gladly taking the arm. "Where is your bambino?", inquired Nico and looked around. "Not my bambino! He's my brother", huffed Percy flustered. "And he's in bed. It's already pretty late, so I went and tucked him in half an hour ago." There was a long pause as the two of them just continued walking through the garden in companionable silence. "You have a very beautiful home, Nico." "Thank you", smiled Nico. "You have very beautiful lips." "...Uhm. Okay", nodded Percy a bit amused. "I'd love to... kiss them, if you'd... also want that", hummed Nico, watching Percy curiously. Percy