PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Demon Cat's Mate || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Demon Cat's Mate – How Nico Met the Love of His Life on his Mother's Funeral Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; demon AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, demons/hybrids, mating, explicit intercourse, anal, jealousy/possessiveness, masturbation, spanking, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome (hinted) Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo (hinted), Frank/Hazel, Jason/Reyna, Jake/Will, Ethan/Alabaster, Thanatos/Triton, Hades/Persephone Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Jake Mason, Will Solace, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Alabaster C. Torrington, Ethan Nakamura, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace Godly Characters : Hades, Persephone, Thanatos, Triton, Apollo Summary : When Nico is ten, his mother dies. Confused and sad, he wanders the graveyard, until he finds a tiny little kitten curled together on a headstone. Whenever he visits his mother's grave, he also visits the kitten and talks to it, because it helps to talk to someone who doesn't disagree. Until one day, he decides to take Perseus home with him, because the cat is his only friend. What he doesn't know is that he brings a little demon into the house. Percy, an orphaned Cat Demon, is more than happy to find a home with the kind boy. It only gets confusing when Percy and Nico grow older and Percy starts to see Nico as more than his owner. He starts seeing Nico as his mate. The Demon Cat's Mate How Nico Met the Love of His Life on his Mother's Funeral When Nico was ten, his mother died. A lightning strike. How surreal, especially for such a young boy. His father was not the best when it came to expressing his emotions and he didn't quite know how to comfort the child. Nico had a bigger sister, Bianca, who he adored and idolized. But she was only two years older than him and the loss had hit her just as hard. So while the adults did adult-things and Bianca was crying herself, Nico wandered off. He didn't quite know what to do. "Meow." Nico yelped, horribly mortified at the sudden sound. He had walked quite a bit and everything was deadly silent in this part of the graveyard. The sudden meowing had scared him, but when he turned to look at the source, he couldn't help but gape in awe. When his mamma used to read him fairy tales, he was always most fascinated by the dark and supposedly creepy aspects of them. Not the heroes or princesses, but the wizards and demons. Black cats were one of the epitomes of that. And there, curled together on top of a headstone, laid a tiny little black kitten. It blinked its giant green eyes and stared at Nico curiously before meowing again. Nico cautiously stepped closer. "Hello, gattino", whispered Nico and reached his hand out for the cat. He let it hover in front of the cat's snout, not knowing if it was an aggressive cat that would bite him. Instead, the little thing sat up and pushed its head against Nico's hand, purring loudly. Despite the day, Nico had to smile a little at the kitten's affectionate way. And for that short moment with the black cat, he wasn't sad and he could forget the pain. Just for that short moment. "Nico! What are you doing? Papà has been searching everywhere for you!" Nico whirled around to face his scolding sister. "Sorry, sorellona!" He ran up to his sister, only sparing one last glance toward the little kitten. /break\ The death of Maria di Angelo changed Nico and Bianca hated that change. Granted, losing their mother had taken its toll on them all. Bianca was suddenly the woman in the house, trying to ensure that their father ate and slept and didn't just bury himself in his work, while also trying to help her brother through everything and also trying to cope herself. She just couldn't do it, not on her own. So, being the clever, young girl she was, she set an ad into the newspaper for a housekeeper. "Bianca, can you get the door? Papà has work to do?", requested Hades loudly and irritated. Bianca smiled brightly as she dashed over to open. The woman in front of her was breathtakingly beautiful, in a flowery summer-dress, with long, brown curls. Behind the woman stood two children, a girl maybe a year or two younger than Nico and a boy a couple years older than Bianca, both with golden eyes and dark skin, just like his mother. "Who is it?", called Hades out. "Our new nanny and housekeeper!", replied Bianca loudly and stepped aside. "Hello, I'm Bianca." "Nanny? I don't remember... Bianca Francesca di Angelo, what did you do this time?!" Bianca smiled innocently, like an angel as she turned around to face her father. Hades threw her a scolding look before turning toward the woman still waiting in the door. He stared surprised. "Hello... I'm Persephone Levesque. I'm sorry, but is it a bad time?", asked the woman curiously. "N—No. It's...", started Hades and heaved a sigh, running his fingers through his hair. "All the time is a bad time since my wife died, if I'm being honest. I'm in over my head with work, the household and two energetic children. I suppose... help would be... appreciated. Please come in." Bianca smiled pleased and nodded to herself as she hopped out of the room again. /break\ While solving that problem had been easy and Hades was far more relaxed now that Persephone took care of the household and the children, the matter of her little brother was an entirely different one. He completely isolated himself, spend all his time only locked up in his bedroom, reading comics and playing with his silly superhero-toys. Deep down, Bianca knew why. Letting others close meant losing others. Still, he was only eleven, he should be out, playing with others. "Come on. We're going for a walk", ordered Bianca and straightened her trench-coat. Hazel next to her looked doubtful. The two were close by now, the past months of living together had brought them closer. Bianca fussed over Hazel no less than she did with Nico. But Nico? It seemed as though he didn't care about much anymore since their mother's death. Persephone smiled amused by the girl's bossy nature. She took Nico's coat and handed it to the boy. "I'm not interested", huffed the child, glaring up at her. "We're going to the graveyard, to visit mamma", said Bianca in a soft voice. Nico stood, albeit reluctantly. Together with his sister, their nanny Persephone and her daughter Hazel did he leave the house. He hadn't been to his mother's grave in a year. Not since the funeral. It hurt too much and in a way, he was also afraid to leave the house. Lightning had hit her on the open street, without any warning. Still, something inside of him yearned to visit the grave. He didn't talk to the others on the way, hands deeply buried in the pockets of his jacket. He occasionally cast a glance at Bianca and Hazel. The two girls were talking and laughing together. It was as though Bianca had just replaced him because he wasn't fun anymore. Not that he cared. He needed no one and if even his sister didn't want him anymore, fine with him. When they reached the graveyard, Nico stayed with the others for a while. They just stood in front of the grave, staring at it. After a while, Persephone grew uncomfortable and started fussing over it, picking the dead flowers and emptying the vase, sending Hazel to fetch fresh water. Bianca left to go to the flower shop at the entrance of the graveyard to buy new flowers, something they should have done before entering, probably. Nico was uncomfortable with Persephone, so he decided to leave while she was busy prettying up the grave. What a bizarre thing to do, especially since this woman had never even known Nico's mother! The nerve of her. Just marching into their lives – and oh, Nico knew she was making pretty eyes at his father. With gritted teeth, he stomped along. "Meow?" It was a strange kind of deja-vu. He jumped and whirled around to face the little black kitten that sat curled together on a gravestone. The exact same one where Nico had met the little fella the last time. Blinking doe-eyed, Nico stepped closer. The kitten was more grown up by now, but it surely was the same one. The beautiful, sleek body with short, black fur and the most amazing green eyes Nico had ever seen in his entire life. Over the past year, Nico had been diving even deeper into what his sister called his geekdom. He found that, at least the way she said it, insulting. He liked magic, mythology, comics, superheroes. So what? Heroes prevailed, they were forged when their parents died, they rose from the ashes of their darkest hour. And heroes had sidekicks. Walking over to the pretty kitten, he started caressing its head. The cat purred delightfully and pushed its small head against Nico's palm. Nico marveled at how perfectly it fit into his hand. "Hello again, little guy", chuckled Nico, tilting his head. "You visiting someone too?" He leaned down to brush the leaves away from the gravestone. "Sally Jackson. Is that your former owner, little one? Are you coming here because you miss your human?" The cat looked at him as though it was grieving, which sounded ridiculous even in Nico's head. Sighing softly at how ridiculous he seemed to himself, he slid down in front of the grave. The cat jumped off the headstone and came to sit right in front of him, looking at him inquisitively. "I miss my mamma too", admitted Nico, voice rough and raw with emotions. "She... she died a year ago and since then... I'm... I'm feeling so lost. To my big sister, I'm just that annoying brat who runs after her. I know how much I annoyed her, always annoyed her. And my dad works all day..." Nico heaved a sigh and looked at the cat, feeling oddly vulnerable upon admitting all of this aloud. The cat looked like it was sorry for him as it bumped its head against Nico's knee. "I feel so... lonely. Mamma always understood me, cheered me on, supported me... Bia doesn't understand me, never did, and papà doesn't have the time to spare..." The cat made a sound that was quite similar to a huff and gave Nico a look as though it was trying to say 'oh, poor you, having a roof over your head and a family. Look at me, I'm living on a graveyard!'. And wow, Nico truly was going crazy. He chuckled darkly and shook his head. "Well, I... I have my games, you know?" The cat looked curious as it set its front paws on Nico's knee and leaned it. Nico fished for his deck of Mythomagic cards in his pocket and started to explain the game to the cat. Just because he had nothing better to do and no one else in his life would listen to him anyway when he talked nerd like this. The cat however seemed very curious, watching his every move. "You need a name", pointed Nico out after a quarter hour or so, frowning as he looked at his little