PJatO || Polympians || The Lover of Olympus – The Mark of Perseus || Polympians || PJatO Title : The Mark of Perseus – Athena's Gratitude Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; replacing Mark of Athena PJatO Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, of course. They are all copyright by the old Greeks. This fanfiction on the other hand is entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, moresomes, incest, bondage, explicit intercourse, anal, mpreg, shoujo-ai, hetero Godly Main Pairings : Poseidon/Percy, Hades/Percy, Zeus/Percy, Ares/Percy, Apollo/Percy, Hephaestus/Percy, Hermes/Percy, Dionysus/Percy, Triton/Percy, Thanatos/Percy Demi-Godly Main Pairings : Nico/Percy, Octavian/Percy, Stolls/Percy, Jason/Percy Side Pairings : Stolls/Nico, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jason/Leo, Octavian/Leo, Reyna/Piper/Annabeth, Jake/Will, Chris/Clarisse, Malcolm/Katie, Grover/Juniper, Tyson/Ella, Paul/Sally, Hades/Persephone, Ares/Aphrodite, Palaimon/Amphitrite, Zeus/Hera (past), Poseidon/Amphitrite (past), Luke/Percy (past) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, Jason Grace, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Octavian Simmons, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Thalia Grace, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Katie Gardner, Malcolm Cage, Lou Ellen, Austin Barton, Kayla Hein, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Nyssa Black, Grover Underwood, Tyson, Ella, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis, Mrs. O'Leary, Blackjack, Arion, Scipio, Tempest Godly Characters : Poseidon, Hades, Zeus, Ares, Apollo, Hephaestus, Hermes, Dionysus, Triton, Thanatos, Heracles, Aphrodite, Iris, Artemis, Demeter, Persephone, Hestia, Hecate, Nemesis, Athena, Amphitrite, Hera Summary : After "The Champion of Venus", Percy now gets to introduce his new Roman family to his old Greek one. He also gets to see his godly lovers again. On the sidelines, there's also that quest to save the world, but far more important than that is Percy's personal vendetta against Hera. And the rescue of Nico. The Mark of Perseus Athena's Gratitude Prologue: The Mark of Athena Travis and Connor were frowning upset as they sat on the deck of the Argo II, glaring into the sky. Their younger brother Chris was watching them from a safe distance as he was on the watch out with his girlfriend Clarisse. The daughter of war was screaming something at the girls beneath. Not that they were listening, really. Piper was frantically walking up and down on deck, trying to rephrase what she would be saying to the Romans. They had decided that if the Romans wouldn't be cooperative, her charmspeak needed to help. Her girlfriend Annabeth was trying to calm her. "Piper, everything will be alright", cooed the blonde, resting a hand on Piper's shoulder. "But this is about Percy", frowned the daughter of Aphrodite upset. "He's important to you and you haven't seen him in so long and I don't want to screw this up and be the one to blame that-" She was interrupted as Annabeth kissed her softly and wrapped her arms around Piper's neck. The native American practically melted into the kiss, the stress leaving her immediately. Chris rolled his eyes at them and turned his attention elsewhere. The tinkerers were at the remote controls, steering the monstrous ship. Leo being the captain, but him alone wouldn't be able to repair the ship if something was to happen – and they were sailing into a war so of course something would happen. His two older and closest siblings Jake and Nyssa were there too. Next to the three tinkerers was Leo's boyfriend, the son of Jupiter. The Roman. Chris frowned at the boy, he still wasn't sure what to think of him. They had three children of Apollo with them too, for healing and for their exquisite archery – Will, Kayla and Austin. He saw Malcolm sitting with his girlfriend Katie at the dragon's head, the two of them staring at Daedalus' laptop. It made Chris' stomach turn. Annabeth had received a quest from her mother – to follow the Mark of Athena and bring back her statue. Malcolm had not allowed for his big sister to go alone, it was too ridiculously dangerous. Bringing Katie was a good thing. Not just because her and Clarisse teaming up on the Stolls was sometimes the only force stopping the pranksters, but also because they were fighting Mother Earth and the daughter of Demeter had control over plants and also over the earth to a certain degree, at least enough to sense when Gaia would be near. Lou Ellen was standing with the Stolls, an equal glare on her face. The powerful witch was as irritated that her best friend Nico had left again as Nico's two lovers were. There were Rachel, Thalia and Grover in the captain's cabin, as far as Chris knew, trying to find the best way to talk to the Romans. They had been a bit surprised when Lady Artemis had dropped by and send her second in command with them, but Artemis and Percy were friends and Artemis didn't really trust the campers so she send someone she could trust to retrieve her friend. The Oracle had been an obvious choice for them. And Chiron wouldn't let them go without a protector. At first, Coach Hedge had screamed loudly to tag along, but such a short tempered and hot-headed and especially so elderly satyr was not the best choice for a pending war. Seeing as Grover was Percy's best friend, he had been the obvious choice as protector. "You two", sighed Chris as he had made sure that everyone was accounted for. "Why the long faces? I thought we'd have to tie you to the mast the closer we get to Camp Jupiter..." "Because our Ghost Prince isn't here", huffed Connor with a glare, crossing his arms. "Yeah", nodded Travis. "Little jerk. Drops by to tell us that Percy is here and that he saw him and then he leaves again because he 'needs to check something'? Dirty, little liar. He just wanted to get back to Percy to fuck him again. Jerk." "You know he fucked Percy before you too, right?", snorted Chris unimpressed. "Well yeah, but that's different", frowned Connor. "I mean, now Nico is ours too, so the least he could do is let us watch when he's with Percy, right?" "Right", agreed Travis, shifting some. "It annoys me. Why are we going so slow?" "Don't bitch around! We're going fast!", called Leo annoyed. He glared at the Stolls. They had been going on his nerves ever since the journey had started. Gritting his teeth, he tried to concentrate on his job again. He had been feeling guilty enough that the ship had taken so long – all the campers and the gods pressuring him. And then there was the matter of Jason. Chocolate brown eyes looked over at the handsome blonde standing beside him. Not just beside Leo, mind you. Jason was also standing beside himself. He was nervous to get back home, to the Romans, to Camp Jupiter. To his friends. Leo was terrified. What if Jason would never want to go back to Camp Half-Blood with him again? What if he wanted to stay at Camp Jupiter? And what if he didn't want Leo to stay with him, because once he's back with the Romans, he will realize how strong and how much better the Romans were and that he didn't need an insecure, weak Greek like Leo...? Or what if he met Percy. He was meeting Percy, that was a fact. But Jason was already so intrigued from all the stories from the Stolls (perverts) and the pictures (not just the ones from Thalia, Rachel and Annabeth, but also those from the Stolls. Perverts). If they met in person, what if Jason would fall in love with the other hero? Percy was a strong fighter, a hero. He had more in common with Jason than Leo did. Jason would dump Leo for Percy. "You're having stupid thoughts again, my firebug", whispered the son of Jupiter as he wrapped his arms around the Latino's waist and pulled him up against his chest. "What is it this time?" "Don't always call me stupid", glared Leo and pushed Jason off. "I didn't call you stupid", sighed Jason annoyed and exhausted. "I'm calling your thoughts stupid. I told you a million times already that I will not break up with you. Especially not over another guy, one that I don't even know. I made you a suggestion-" "And I told you to screw yourself!", exclaimed Leo with tears in his eyes. He turned around and stormed off to the captain's quarters. Jason had suggested that if Leo would allow him to date the Sea Prince, Jason would allow him another boyfriend too. Even though Leo had made it clear that he didn't want anyone else aside from Jason. The Stolls and Jason had laughed at that. Of course it had been the idea of the tricksters. Jason had reassured Leo that there were plenty of strong and handsome Romans at Camp Jupiter and that Leo may find himself longing for one of them. It was in their genes, they weren't made for monogamous relationships, just like their parents. The Stolls had argued that having two (or more) partners and having established relationships with them worked better than having one, trying to stay faithful but in the end breaking this person's heart with having affairs. They had basically said that if Leo wouldn't allow Jason to screw someone else, the blonde would sooner or later do it anyway. "Leo? Are you alright?", whispered Rachel worried as she approached him. "Mh?", huffed Leo and rubbed his eyes. "Don't tell me my jerk brother made you cry again", sighed Thalia with a glare. "I—It's just... he's so sure that it's against our very nature to be faithful...", sighed Leo. "Well, not so much against your nature... It works. If you have multiple lovers", shrugged Grover with a frown. "It works for Percy and the gods. He's not whoring around, he has his claimed lovers he sticks to and they do it for him. The Stolls too, what with having Percy and Nico..." "You will be fine", smiled Rachel reassuringly, resting her hands on his shoulders, staring intensely into his eyes. "I know you will be fine. And you will be loved. Not just by Jason." "Th—That's stupid", protested Leo with a glare. "I love Jason. No one else." Rachel gave him a mischievous smile and leaned in to whisper into his ear. "Because you haven't met them yet. But trust me on this one, out of the two of you, Jason will be the... tamer one." Leo glared at her and shook her off to stand. Had the Oracle of Delphi just called him a slut? Shaking his head, Leo made his way out of the captain's cabin again. This was not acceptable. He could never want anyone else aside from Jason, Jason was the one for him. "You have that sad yet angry look... What's up?", asked his best friend curiously. Piper tilted her head at him and grabbed his hand to pull him down between the two girls. At first, Annabeth had frightened Leo, but ever since she was dating Piper, Leo liked the blonde a lot. She had many big sisterly trades. Shrugging slightly, Leo leaned against Piper's shoulder. "I think Rachel just called me a slut...", frowned the Latino. "She wouldn't", grunted Annabeth skeptically. "Why should she?" "I think she was pulling one of her oracle-stunts again... She said that in the end, I would have more lovers than Jason. She called me a slut!", whined Leo, burying his face in Piper's hair. "Well...", drawled Annabeth softly, nudging him. "You are pretty cute. I'm sure you could have boys chasing your tail if you wouldn't bury yourself beneath your work like that." "I'm not", huffed Leo, glaring at his feet. "I only want Jason." "I don't think that's