PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Punk and the Pretty Boy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Punk and the Pretty Boy – Don't Change For Love Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, idiots in love Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Lou Ellen, Cecil Rogers Summary : Percy has been in love with Nico for too long now. But Nico just doesn't notice him. So by the end of summer, Percy decides to be noticed. He changes his style, thinking that as a punk, Nico would notice him. Obviously, Nico had noticed Percy from day one, but now that the pretty boy looked so ridiculous, he feels the need to intervene. After all, something must have happened to change Percy Jackson that gravely. As requested by Blackout Blur ! I hope you like it ;) The Punk and the Pretty Boy Don't Change For Love Percy took a shaky breath and straightened himself. New year, new him. It was his senior year and he had plans. He was not going to graduate a single. He was going to get the guy this year. Only, the problem was that his dream boy was a bad boy – the baddest boy there was. The local growly dangerous punk most others avoided. Nico di Angelo. Even his name was dripping sex, really. He was so delicious and mysterious and Percy had it real bad. Alas, Nico di Angelo didn't even know that Percy existed . So Percy decided to change, to make Nico notice him, because damn it all, he was going to get the guy! For that purpose, Percy had allowed his annoying, nagging older cousin Thalia to take him out shopping. She was a total punk and she had laughed her ass off when she heard that. But she did it, for the sole purpose of having blackmail material on him. Now here he was, wearing uncomfortably tight black skinny-jeans with torn knees, a loose black shirt with some kind of metal band logo on it, studded belts and heavy boots. Not to mention, he had gone to get a haircut. Undercut, with the tips of his hair dyed a stark blue, slowly fading to his natural black at the roots. Also, make-up. Though he wasn't sure about that. He had never put make-up on before, after all. And mascara was dangerous . It nearly cost him an eye to put it on! How did girls do that? Sighing softly, Percy took his first step toward the school. He could see Nico's amazing bike in the parking lot. Black, sleek and with neon-green fire motifs. It was called the Tartarus and it was Nico's pride and joy. Percy has had a number of fantasies involving riding on that thing. Or riding Nico on that thing. A blush dusted his cheeks as he continued on. Nico must be close by. Normally, he could be found smoking around the corner with his friends before class. But there was no Nico. Deflating a little, Percy continued into the school. He received a lot of curious looks throughout the day, but he seemed unable to track down the one person he wanted to have look at him. Only when the day nearly found its end did he finally meet Nico. Not the least how Percy had expected or planned it though. Last period just started, Percy was on his way to class, running late. He was running late because he had spent a little too long debating his new looks with his best friend Annabeth. She had put together an intervention . Seriously. After he finally got rid of them, he tried to hurry to his class. Just to be grasped by his wrist and yanked into the boys restroom. The second bell rang as Percy found himself face to face with Nico di Angelo. Percy's sea-green eyes were large in stunned silence. The punk was so close to him, only a breath was separating them. Nico didn't look pleased though. He was still holding onto Percy's wrist tightly, the other hand against Percy's shoulder to pin him against the door and stop him from running off, eyes squinting in what looked like suspicion. As though the handsome Italian was trying to figure something out. "C—Can I do something for you?", asked Percy disturbed and confused. "Who hurt you?", growled Nico, sounding dangerous. Percy actually shrieked away a little at the sound of that growl. It was feral . Percy's heart was thumping in his breast so hard, he felt kind of dizzy. Wait. Hurt? Him? Percy frowned. "What?", asked the older teen startled. "What do you mean?" /break\ Nico di Angelo hated high school. Well, he hated most things, as cliche as it sounded for a teenager. School graded on his nerves. His father was distant thanks to his workload at the law-firm – the firm being a particular thing that Nico hated. Nico hated hiking and nature in general, because his older sister had died in a hiking accident. Nico hated how prejudiced people were. Just because Nico wore black clothes, he must worship Satan or something. Just because he was Italian, he must be related to the mafia. Urgh. It made him roll his eyes so hard, they ached from it. Okay. So maybe Nico didn't hate everything . He had a great appreciation for swimming. Well, mainly for the captain of the swim-team. Pretty, gorgeous, perfect Golden Boy Percy Jackson. Nico grinned lazily as he took a drag from his cigarette, thinking about the pretty jock down to his speedo. Another thing Nico loved about swimming. Unlike other sports that covered the jocks in a lot of clothes, or even view-obscuring protective gear, swimming left barely anything to the imagination. Nico licked his lips slowly as he was lost in the memory of those abs, dripping wet. "Someone's thinking about the captain of the swim-team again", teased Lou with a snicker. The purple-haired punk elbowed him with a large grin on her face. Nico glared at her heatedly. His friends knew of his not-so-healthy obsession with Percy Jackson. But really, it was hardly his fault. Anyone with eyes could see the boy was gorgeous. Though Nico had only noticed the one year older boy after Nico's best friend had joined the swim-team and forced them all to come and cheer the team on. Needless to say, Nico did not focus on cheering on Will. "Summer was long. Too long", grunted Nico with a glare. "Yeah. You would have had so much fun. Percy had a summer job as a life guard at the local pool", grinned Cecil mischievously, wiggling his eyebrows. "You would have lived there during summer, even on the risk of losing your carefully cultivated paper-white tan." Nico flipped him the finger at that, glare darkening. "You're just saying that to annoy me." "Yeah, no. Percy did work at the pool", confirmed Lou with a shrug. Nico cursed in Italian beneath his breath. "And I had to spend the summer in New Orleans." "You love hanging out with your cousin Hazel", argued Lou and rolled her eyes. "...She has a boyfriend ", drawled Nico and made a face. "I mean, Frank's cool, but... They were being all new, lovey-dovey couple all summer long and I was so short of shooting myself." "Poor Ni-", started Cecil teasingly before trailing off. Nico and Lou raised their eyebrows and stared at the gaping boy with the turquoise mohawk. Nico turned around to see what exactly Cecil was gaping at. The first thing Nico saw – and appreciated – was a very perfectly heart-shaped butt in black, washed-out skinny-jeans. Though that also made him frown, because he knew that ass. Then he followed those long, well-trained legs down to black combat-boots and right back up. A black shirt, those nice arms sticking out from torn-off sleeves. The hair at the neck was shaved short, but on the top, the black mess was dyed to have stark-blue tips. Holy hell, Nico was still stuck in one of his naughty fantasies, because there was a punk-version of Percy Jackson, gently caressing Nico's bike . He grunted as he was being pulled back around the corner by a wide-eyed Lou. The purplette looked totally shocked. "What the hell happened to Jackson?", hissed Lou. Nico paused for a long moment. That was a good question. As insanely hot as punk Percy was, no one just did a one-eighty like that without some kind of reason . Something must have happened to make bright, sunny Percy Jackson turn all dark and punky. For the rest of the day, Nico shadowed Percy, watching him with hawk-eyes. There was a sad, or upset, edge to the otherwise so cheerful pretty boy. At lunch, Percy got pulled aside into an empty classroom by Annabeth Chase and some of their friends for what sounded like a scolding from where Nico was leaning against the heavy door to eavesdrop. Well, this might just be the second time in the history of ever that Nico and Annabeth agreed on something. The first being that Percy Jackson was made out of the finest boyfriend material. And then, Annabeth Chase had proven to be not just the smartest, but also at the same time the dumbest person on this school, because after three months of dating Percy Jackson, she broke up with him. Not that Nico was complaining. Those three months of Percabeth – as the school had called them – had been pure torturous hell for Nico. He had never skipped school more often than during that time, because the kissy faces and googly eyes made him gag so hard. But that didn't change what an utter idiot Annabeth must be for breaking up with the pretty, kind, adorkable jock. Nico shook his head and bolted into the restroom when the debate inside seemed to end. He waited. Percy's friends left, the bell rang for the next class and everyone disappeared into the classrooms. Nico had a free period. He watched from where he stood in the open restroom door. The halls were empty, Percy Jackson muttering beneath his breath about stupid, traitorous friends and unnecessary interventions. He was the only student out. It was a spur-of-the-moment decision, really. Nico wasn't thinking. He just saw Percy walk past him and there was no one else around and Nico still had no idea what the hell was going on with his pretty jock. So Nico pulled Percy into the restroom, closed the door fast and pinned the jock against the door. Those impossibly beautiful sea-green eyes stared at him in utter surprise. "C—Can I do something for you?", asked the jock, looking at Nico like a lost puppy. "Who hurt you?", growled Nico with suppressed agitation. Percy actually shrieked away a little at the sound of that growl, which looked decidedly too adorable. Nico just wanted to scoop him up and shelter him from whatever must have hurt him. "What?", asked Percy startled. "What do you mean?" "No one changes just like that over night", stated Nico, eyes narrowed dangerously as he watched every micro-expression on Percy's face. "You're bright. Cheerful. Colorful . I've never seen you in anything but blue clothes. Now you're all... mopey and dressed in black. So something must have happened. Someone, something, hurt you. Tell me who and I'll hurt them ." It took a long moment for Percy to process, utter