PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || All the Percybilities || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : All the Percybilities – Meeting Your Other Self Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; kind of Mark of Athena Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, of course. They are all copyright by the old Greeks. This fanfiction on the other hand is entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, shoujo-ai, hetero, dark, character death, meeting with AU-worlds, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, gender-bender, child abuse Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Jason/Reyna, Piper/Annabeth, Jake/Will, Tyson/Ella, Frank/Hazel, Chris/Clarisse, Malcolm/Katie, Lou/Miranda Side Pairings of the 1 nd World : Ethan/Percy, Luke/Annabeth, Charles/Silena, Chris/Clarisse, dark!Percy/canon!Percy, AU!Nico/canon!Percy Percy Jackson Canon Characters; Crew of the Argo II : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Jason Grace, Thalia Grace, Katie Gardner, Miranda Gardner, Clarisse la Rue, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Malcolm Cage, Will Solace, Austin Barton, Kayla Hein, Phoebe Burge, Jake Mason, Leo Valdez, Nyssa Black, Drew Hanson, Piper McLean, Lacy Hunnigan, Mitchell Logan, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, Chris Rodriguez, Lou Ellen, Reyna Anderson, Hylla Anderson, Kinzie Cohen, Octavian Simmons, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Grover Underwood, Tyson, Ella, Mrs. O'Leary, Blackjack, Arion, Scipio 1 st World : Perseus Jackson, Ethan Nakamura, Annabeth Chase, Charles Beckendorf, Silena Beauregard, Luke Castellan, Chris Rodriguez, Nico di Angelo, Lou Ellen, Blackjack Summary : A primeval power decides to show the crew of the Argo II how their reality could be if only little things would have changed. For example, what if Percy had joined the titans? Drifting from one reality to the other, the friends also have to cope with their own feelings. Will this journey teach them an important lesson about themselves? On another note; There will be a bunch of alternate realities and I'd love to hear some suggestions from you what alternations you'd be interested in. I've divided the character list and the pairing list into the different worlds they'd visit as to not confuse anyone, because there will be more than one Percy and stuff. Oh and, as always, I take my liberties with Nico and with the characters' last names in some cases. All the Percybilities Meeting Your Other Self Prologue: The Offer of Chaos Nico di Angelo felt like shit. His head buzzed with noises and it was hard for him to tell which ones were real from the outside world and which ones were only inside his head. There was a certain aching all over his body. Groaning in pain he blinked a few times. The pain was all over him, but there was an odd dullness in his left arm and that kind of really freaked him out. Though it eased and confused him at the same time to see what caused the dullness. Black, messy hair sticking in every direction, framing a beautiful face with eyelids hiding what Nico knew were the most unique sea-green eyes. Percy Jackson was laying next to him on the bed, abusing his arm as a pillow. The first thought that crossed his head was: This must be some strange kind of alternate reality. Or a very good dream. Nonetheless he decided to enjoy it as long as it lasted. A small smile tugged on his lips and he turned a bit so he could take a better look at the peaceful face of the boy he had been secretly in love with for years now. "You're awake, Nico", whispered a voice he distantly remembered. Lifting his gaze some, he saw a blonde guy standing in the doorway. "Will... can you tell me what the Tartarus had happened?", murmured Nico with a yawn. The son of Apollo smiled at him and came some nearer. "You got yourself abducted by a very old and very evil woman, but I guess you know that part", whispered Will, checking on Nico. "We came to rescue you with the Argo II after we've finally finished it. We went to the Roman camp first, collecting Percy, a guy named Frank, Jason's girlfriend Reyna and your sister of whom you haven't told anyone anything. Just wait for Leo, he's really angry at you, you know? There's also a bunch of angry looking Romans who try to keep to themselves and away from us wicked Greeks and a bunch of odd girls talking about orange jump-suits and iron-collars. They really freak me out. Anyway, we went to rescue your sorry ass and look, we did it. We're on our way to Greece at the moment. You're not all that badly injured, but a certain someone demanded to stay at your side until you'll wake up." "How are the others?", asked the son of Hades slightly concerned. "Leo's fine. A bit brooding though. Jason is so busy sucking faces with his girlfriend now that they're finally together again, I guess he wouldn't have noticed if he'd lost a leg. As you may have seen if you'd have eyes for something else aside from Percy, you would have noticed that you're not the only one in the room. Annabeth got hit pretty badly." Dark brown eyes widened in fear as his head whirled around to stare at the bed next to his. True to Will's words there was a sleeping blonde laying in the bed, a native American girl sitting next to it with her head rested on the mattress. "Piper didn't leave her girlfriend's side either", sighed Will. "Even though I told her to take some rest herself. She charmspeaked so many evil guys that she was too exhausted to even walk upright anymore once we were finally through with this fight." "But they're okay? It's nothing too serious?", wanted the Ghost Prince to know. "No. Frankly enough, we had no losses and no real big injuries this time. Clarisse, this Frank and Annabeth really did a great job with the strategy. Everything is alright, mostly I guess." "Are they awake yet? Are they alright?", called the loud voice of the boy Nico had befriended in the course of the past few months. Leo Valdez barked into the cabin with all his loudness, closely followed by the two siblings he was closest to. Jake and Nyssa were both looking greatly annoyed as if they had tried their best to hold their younger sibling back. But knowing Leo's fierce temper they had obviously no chance. "Shut up, Valdez", hissed Nico irritated. "Don't you dare waking Percy up!" "Oh, shut up yourself, di Angelo", grunted the head of cabin nine and walked up to the son of Hades to hit his upper arm. "Why didn't you tell me about your little sister?" The half-Italian rolled his eyes. In the past months since Percy's disappearance and the appearance of Jason, Piper and Leo, there had been some changes at camp. It soon became rather obvious to the newly arrived trio that Annabeth wasn't the only one desperately searching for Percy Jackson once they met the son of Hades for the first time. After Jason remembered his past and especially so Reyna, it also became undeniable that there was no chance for Piper and him to truly work. She and Annabeth had found comfort in each other. Though that had angered Nico beyond belief. Annabeth was supposed to be the happiest girl in camp, she was after all lucky enough to be Percy Jackson's girlfriend. The blonde had broken down though, crying in his arms, telling him that Percy was her best friend and certainly one of the most important people in her life, but not the love of his life. She had confessed that Percy was more of a rebound after Luke had died, loosing the first love of her life had confused and upset her and Percy had helped her over it. But Piper woke feelings within her, feelings she hadn't known in a long time. Nico all the while found a very good friend in one cheeky son of Hephaestus. "Because I didn't want you to hit on her", smirked Nico and winked at the other boy. "Dumbass", grinned Leo and hit his friend's upper arm again. "Would you two tune it done some?", moaned a tired voice next to the son of Hades. The two boys turned to the sleepy son of Poseidon next to Nico. Percy yawned and stretched some. "Percy! How are you feeling? Are you alright?", asked the Ghost Prince concerned. "I'm the one being okay", grunted the green-eyed teen. "You're the injured one. How are you? You've been unconscious when we got you... I... I've been worried to death..." Percy averted his eyes, staring down at his lap. He truly had been worried. When they had reached the captured half-blood it looked as if the teen was dead. That was probably the biggest scare he had had in his whole life. A hand on his arm brought him back to the present. "I'm alright, Perce. Really", smiled the son of Hades softly. "Oh, good", smiled Percy back, before raising his hand and slapping Nico hard. "Ow!", grunted the Ghost Prince surprised. "Hey! No injuring the patients!", growled Will annoyed. "Where the Tartarus did those stupid Hephaestus-brats go?", muttered someone from outside. The four Roman half-bloods entered the infirmary together, Jason's fingers linked with Reyna's, Frank's arm around Hazel's waist. The daughter of Pluto pushed past her friends to take a closer look at her brother, concerned golden eyes scanning him. "How are you feeling, Nico? Why are you holding your face? Are you hurt?" "He's hurt, because Percy slapped him", snickered Jake, walking up next to the son of Apollo. Will looked a bit annoyed at Percy while leaning back against Jake's broad chest. The son of Hephaestus laid his arms around the shorter teen, resting his chin on the blonde's shoulder. "Why are you all invading the infirmary?", grunted an annoyed female voice from behind Frank. The Roman turned slowly around, looking sheepishly at his older, Greek half-sister. "I just followed Hazel because she wanted to look if her brother and Percy are alright..." "Yeah. And bird-boy and his chick decided to follow, too", snorted Clarisse and rolled her eyes. "What did you do that for?", muttered Nico confused, ignoring all the others in the room. "What did who do what for?", asked Chris confused, standing next to his girlfriend. "Percy had slapped Nico in the face", explained Nyssa shortly. "Oh, I would have like a dozen of ideas as to why", growled the daughter of Ares irritated. "Me too", agreed Reyna darkly. "Oh, I forgot to say; Leo's only a bit broody. All others are downright furious", chuckled Will. "You knew the whole time! You knew me. You knew who I was and you didn't say a word", whispered Percy disappointed. "You knew where Jason was the whole time", hissed the daughter of Bellona angered. "You were probably the only one knowing what the fuck was going on!", growled Jason. "Shut up", whispered Nico. It truly was only slightly above a whisper, barely audible, but it silenced them all. Because the same moment the son of Hades talked, the room darkened just a bit and the shadows became only slightly longer. Not much, just enough to get noticed by the others. "This is the infirmary. Annabeth and Piper still need time to rest. So get the Tartarus out of here." "Right", snorted the son of Jupiter and crossed his arms in front of his chest. "Because we'll just leave and forget that you held the key for our every problem for months. You have been to camp before I got abducted by Juno. You knew about the Greeks and you knew about the Romans. It's time for some explaining, di Angelo." "I