PJatO || Tritercy || PJatO || Tritercy || I Remember || Tritercy || PJatO || Tritercy || PJatO Title : I Remember – Saving Percy Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, hurt/comfort, depression, magic, human-turned-merman, explicit intercourse, anal, merman-sex, mating, mpreg, hetero Main Pairing : Triton/Percy Side Pairings : Paul/Sally, Poseidon/Amphitrite Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Tyson, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis Godly Characters : Triton, Rhode, Kymopoleia, Benthesikyme, Proteus, Poseidon, Amphitrite, Triteia, Pallas, Calliste, Aphros, Bythos Summary : In a car accident, Percy loses the ability to walk. He slowly fades away and there is nothing anyone can do about it. At least until Triton offers a solution. I Remember Saving Percy Sally couldn't remember what her son's smile looked like. It broke her heart and at least five nights a week, it was why she cried herself to sleep. She had faint memories of how it used to be. That energetic little bundle of joy she called her son, running around, screaming and laughing. Riding – horses or later on pegasi. When he fought, he looked like he was dancing, so graceful and elegant. Not at all how she would have described her son before. He had been so full of energy and laughter, she'd never forget the little boy who tugged at her hand as he practically ran through the zoo to get to the marine animals. But his smile itself, it seemed to fade in her memory more and more. Over a year, it had been over a year now that Percy had last smiled. Not just at her, but in general. Over a year. About thirteen months ago, the last time he had smiled at her, he had been on his way to prom. He had been so happy, even though she didn't remember the look on his face, she knew for a fact that he must have been smiling and laughing. He had been going with a classmate – with his boyfriend of a few months. He had been so carefree and promised to be careful, not to drink too much. He hadn't, neither had his boyfriend. But the guy who had hit their car full-force had been completely wasted. Percy's boyfriend lost his life, Percy lost his legs. Paralyzed from the waist down. For months, Percy had been in the hospital, then in physical therapy. They had consulted dozens of doctors – Nico and Hazel had paid to fly in the best of the best world-wide thanks to their affliction to wealth and riches. But they all said the same thing. There wasn't anything they could do. Rachel literally dragged Apollo in to check Percy and say something different. Some things just couldn't be healed, not even nectar or ambrosia could heal the injuries he had suffered months ago. And the gods couldn't hand out favors. He hadn't said it like that, but it was the sum of it all. If the gods would start brewing up miracle elixirs just like that, where would they draw the line? Leo had protested the loudest. They had conjured a cure for death itself, but they couldn't restore Percy's legs? Annabeth had screamed her head off, cursed the gods for letting Percy down after everything he had done and given up for them. Jason, Reyna and Frank had already been in the middle of cooking up some kind of plot to break into Olympus and raid Apollo's personal medicine cabin, with the aid of Piper's charmspeak to distract Apollo. It had warmed Sally's heart to see them. The worst however was Percy, because he had simply done nothing. After having been told for the umpteenth time that there was nothing that could be done, he had completely resigned himself to his fate. All his friends, his mother and brother and stepfather, they all tried to coax him out of his resignation. It was so unlike Percy to give up. If there was even a speck of hope – no, scratch that, even the tenth of a scrap of a speck of hope – then Percy would fight tooth and nail. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm so, so sorry, but I just... I just... I c—can't...", had Percy admitted under tears, breaking down in front of his family and friends. "I can't... I can't live like this, with all of you trying to give me hope. With every new doctor you drag in, with every god you pray to, I feel this spark of hope. And then that someone just stamps on it and I can feel something inside of me... breaking. It breaks more and more with every failed attempt and... and if... if we keep doing this, there will be nothing left of me... I don't... I don't have the strength anymore... I just... can't..." At first, they respected his wishes for a little while, but then they started plotting behind Percy's back, trying to find anything. The longer all of this dragged on, the more they could all relate to what Percy had confided in them. They constantly got each other's hopes up just to trample them again. After a few months, they started to give up, one by one. Not on Percy. Never on Percy. But on trying to find a cure for Percy. Instead, they focused their time and effort on Percy and lifting his spirits, supporting him in his healing progress – or as far as there was a healing progress. Physical therapy was hard and frustrating. It brought out the worst in Percy. He grew angry and lashed out, which seemed just as untypical for Percy, but they all tried to accept it and help. It was just... they couldn't really help. It was up to Percy, all up to Percy. And he wasn't strong enough, neither physically nor mentally. All his friends and family could do was watch him fade away. It was that night, thirteen months after the accident, the night that Sally realized she started to forget her son's smile, that she prayed. She prayed and begged for Poseidon to help and he came. "I... can't... I'm sorry, Sally, but this is beyond my powers", whispered the god, not daring to look at the heartbroken woman. "I would, in a heartbeat, but... but this is nothing I can do..." Her shoulders were shaking as she started crying. Of course he wouldn't be able to help either, but somehow, she had hoped there would be some miracle that Poseidon had worked. After all, he had been the one to create this beautiful boy together with Sally. She thought he could save their son. He wrapped his arms around her, hold her close until her tears slowly subsided. "Why... Why him?", asked Sally, her voice hoarse from crying. "I don't know", admitted Poseidon, looking over her shoulder at one of the pictures on the wall. "H—He has been nothing but kind...", continued Sally, fingers clawed into his shirt, holding onto it for dear life. "He fought your quests and your wars and slayed your monsters and... and now that he needs you, none of you can or will help him... I just... I just want my Percy back..." "I know", whispered Poseidon, eyes tightly closed. "I know." /break\ Six gods swam in a half-circle around a window, watching the coral garden while whispering to themselves. Merpeople, in nearly all the colors of the rainbow. The queen, a soft pink color in skin and tail, looked the most concerned, her arms crossed over her chest. Her children – green, orange, purple, red and yellow – all whispered among themselves, exchanging glances and looks. "Someone has to talk to father", declared Benthesikyme, flapping her purple fish-tail once. "Yeah, not me", snorted Kymopoleia, her face an even darker shade of red than normal in irritation. "I'm not good with those... feelings-things. Rhode should do it. She's a wimp." "I am not a wimp!", protested the yellow mermaid with a pout. "Yeah, you're all about talking and holding hands and stuff", snorted Kymopoleia, rolling her eyes. "Enough", declared their oldest brother Proteus, glaring at them both. "No need to bicker." The orange merman was the tallest of them and even though he was kind of nature, he could be easily intimidating if he wished to be. Triton heaved a sigh as he watched his siblings and mother. "Very well, I'll go and speak to father", volunteered Triton after another moment. Amphitrite smiled sweetly at him, expressing silent gratitude with that one look. She had already tried to consult her husband, but that the matter at hand was one of Poseidon's illegitimate children made the conversation decidedly more rocky. Triton swam through the open window down to the garden. There was a statue of Percy Jackson, standing tall and glorious after defeating Kronos. Poseidon had been so ridiculously proud when his son had risen to be the savior of Olympus, had commissioned the statue right away to forever honor his demigodly son. Now all this statue did was to remind Poseidon that Percy would never stand tall and glorious again. He would never stand at all. Bound to a chair with wheels, defeated by easy tasks like going to the toilet, frustrated by simple things like being unable to reach the cupboards in the kitchen. "Father", called Triton out to alert Poseidon of his presence. "Mh?", grunted the lord of the sea, not taking his eyes off of the statue. Poseidon looked very old these days, so much older than Triton had ever seen him. Worn out. It was one thing for the gods to lose a child during battle, during quests, at the claws of monsters. But losing a demigod son who had fought two wars successfully, who had saved Olympus two times, to such a thing as his own mind. Injured by a drunk mortal's driving, not the minotaur or something else impressive. A common human tragedy – and it made the matter only so much worse. "You have to move on", pressed Triton sternly as he came to stand next to Poseidon. "He looks so proud", whispered Poseidon, not minding Triton at all. "Look at him, he's all smiles and sparkly eyes. Who made the statue? I wish to add to their reward. This truly looks like him." "I'll make sure it will be arranged", sighed Triton and shook his head. "Please, father. You need to let this go. You've lost Theseus, Bellerophon, Cycnus, Aethusa, Euphemus, Erginus... It's the fate of demigods to perish, father. And it's the fate of us gods to move on." "He hasn't perished", spat Poseidon and turned to glare at Triton. "He's alive. He's alive, but he wishes he wasn't and I can feel it and it breaks my heart. I can't help him ." Triton heaved another sigh and averted his eyes. He understood that. He understood how much it pained Poseidon. Being helpless was the worst feeling, especially for an almighty god. There had to be something that could be done – and that thought alone was ridiculous, because everyone who loved Percy had already been grasping for straws so why should Triton of all people find a solution? Still, when he looked at how broken his father was, he knew they needed to find something. /break\ A couple weeks later and Triton was drinking coffee in the cafeteria of the clinic where Percy had his physical therapy. He had come here every day – or at least every day that Percy had to be here –