PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Sharing Pizza With a Prince || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Sharing Pizza With a Prince – When Nico Met a Real Prince Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, expensive courting, dorks, pining, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Poseidon/Sally|Poseidon/Amphitrite, Frank/Hazel, Jason/Reyna Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Tyson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Will Solace, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Sally Jackson, Ella, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Gabe Ugliano, Drew Tanaka Godly Characters : Poseidon, Amphitrite, Triton Summary : King Poseidon of the small but very wealthy country of Atlantis is on a visit to the US, together with his wife and three sons. Nico di Angelo couldn't care less about politics or fancy, small countries no one has ever heard of unless they're into diamond trading. He is however one of the cooks at the gala that welcomes the royal family in New York. When he sneaks out for a smoke during the gala, he meets the most enchanting person on this planet and his name is Percy. What Nico doesn't realize, because he doesn't care about politics, is that he's flirting with a prince. Sharing Pizza With a Prince When Nico Met a Real Prince Gabe Ugliano was a disgusting piece of shit. No one, literally no one, liked the guy. But he had a very well-going restaurant that paid more than good, so enduring the man himself was somehow manageable. Or at least his staff met to drink away their problems often enough to do so. "There. Read. Memorize", spat Gabe as he threw a newspaper in front of Nico. Nico di Angelo was a cook – one of the most talented Italian chefs in all of New York, if he may be so honest. He worked for Gabe because the money was right, the restaurant was a big name and it was where he had first learned how to cook. The old cook, he had offered Nico the job, had seen potential in him. He had retired a few years ago and Nico had taken over as the main cook. "...Why?", asked Nico doubtfully, eying the newspaper. Gabe gave him a glare, pointing at the headline. "Gala for some royal visitors. We're catering. This will make the name of my restaurant pop up everywhere. I will not be embarrassed by the staff not knowing the names of that country or those people. So memorize them." Nico rolled his eyes when Gabe left. Like he was going to do homework now. He was just going to cook, after all. It wasn't like he'd be leaving the kitchen and meeting royals. Though he had to admit that Gabe was right; catering for important people did put their name even more out there. And for now, Gabe's restaurant was Nico's income. He wanted to get out, wanted to start his own restaurant, get away from Gabe and be the one praised. Sighing, Nico got up to continue his shift. /break\ Another reason why working for Gabe wasn't that bad was because his three best friends were working for him too. Cecil and Lou were two of the waiters and Will also worked in the kitchen. "I am so psyched about this thing", declared Lou with a broad grin, leaning against the counter. "What thing?", asked Nico confused while handling two pans and three pots with ease. "The gala, duh", grunted Cecil and rolled his eyes. "...Why?", asked Nico, now even more confused. "Royalty, Nico", declared Will in a chiding voice. "What is there not to be excited about? A king, a queen, three princes! From a foreign country. It's so... old-fashioned. Royalty. So... enriching?" "Not really into that kinda stuff", shrugged Nico with a frown. "How can you not?", sighed Will disappointed. "It's such an honor, to do this. Atlantis is really an up and coming country, you know? They're on their way to become a real big deal." "...I have literally never heard of that country before", pointed Nico out, sounding skeptical. "Well, they're a small kingdom in Europe, Scandinavian as far as I know", answered Lou. "Weren't very world known until like a decade ago", added Cecil. "They became one of the greatest diamond exports and are world famous for their smith-work. Jewelry and stuff." "Everyone who is someone is wearing jewelry from Atlantis", agreed Lou. "This royal visit to New York is really important, business-wise", added Will. "Traders from like all over the states are trying to woo the king into contracts. Atlantis is small, but influential." "Still doesn't sound very interesting", admitted Nico with a shrug. /break\ True to Nico's expectations, he spend practically the whole day in the kitchen. Cecil and Lou came rushing in, babbling on about royals all the time and Will would stare at them enviously. He really would have loved to see the grand entrance of the royal family and all. Nico? He just cared about his food being on point. The only moment he cared about the royal family was when Lou came to him to express explicit praise from the royal family for his salmon filet. After the main course, Nico was finally allowed to catch a break. He had a few minutes before he'd have to move on to making dessert. Since his break wouldn't be long, he sneaked out to the large balcony to have at least one smoke in peace to calm his nerves. He heaved a relieved sigh as he leaned against the balustrade and inhaled deeply, eyes closed in bliss. "Smoking will kill you." "Ah, bugger off", grunted Nico annoyed, frowning. "Why do people feel the need to point that out whenever they see someone smoke? It's really annoying and everyone knows the danger. I never saw anyone print 'Drinking destroys your liver' on a bottle of alcohol." "Why, you seem to be in quite the mood", laughed the stranger, his voice very easy on the ears. "Seems you're having as much fun at this party as I do." Realizing he was not allowed to spend his short break in peace, Nico cracked an eye open. He was a little curious about the owner of this rich voice. It was sweet and velvety and with a foreign accent like nothing Nico had ever heard before. The stranger had a face to match the voice. He was gorgeous, with sun-kissed skin, messy black hair, the deepest eyes of green and blue Nico had ever seen, lean body though by a few inches shorter than Nico. He was wearing very well-fitted black dress-pants and a blue button-down shirt with the upper two buttons open, allowing a nice view on the boy's collarbone. Nico appreciated the sight very much. "I'm not obliged to have fun. I'm here to earn money", informed Nico. "You are?", asked the cute stranger intrigued, leaning next to Nico. "I'm Percy, by the way." "Nico. I'm the cook – well, one of the cooks. The chef cook", replied Nico. "Oh. You are? The food is delicious!", exclaimed Percy excitedly. "And you? You're not having fun at the party?", asked Nico curiously. "Then why are you here?" "Parents dragged me along", sighed Percy and rolled his eyes. "You know how it is. Mommy and daddy decide, the kids don't have a say in it. Not that I'm a kid anymore. I'm nineteen. But, well, I guess you never stop being your parents' child, huh?" "I wouldn't know about that", shrugged Nico and something about those intense eyes staring at him made him elaborate. "My father ran out on us when I was young and my mother died when I was ten. It's always been sort of just... me. No parental expectations to meet." "...I'm sorry", whispered Percy, sounding honestly guilty. "And here I am, moping about my parents wanting to spend more time with me. Way to go, Percy." "No need to apologize. It has been many years and it's not like you know me", answered Nico. "So... you're a cook", tried Percy, to change the topic. "And do you like it? I mean, since you're not having fun at this gala. So... you like your job, or not?" "Bit of both?", offered Nico, amused by Percy's awkwardness. "I love cooking. But I hate my boss. He's kind of a bastard. Pays good though and his restaurant is... great. But he's a jerk." "Can't chose the boss, or so I'm told", shrugged Percy unsure. "Could if I'd be my own boss", stated Nico and turned to watch the scenery beneath them. "Yeah?", asked Percy interested. "What do you mean?" "I... always wanted my own restaurant", admitted Nico, unsure why he was sharing so much with this beautiful stranger, but somehow it was easy to talk to Percy. "Be my own boss. Have the pride of my own... place. I don't get to cook all I want, you see. My boss has the final word in the menu." "And... you'd like to cook something else?", asked Percy, sounding genuinely interested. Maybe that was why he seemed so easy to talk to. It felt as though Percy was really interested in what Nico was saying. Nico enjoyed this feeling, enjoyed Percy's attention and company. And that was saying a lot, considering that he rarely got along with anyone. "I'd like to cook the recipes my mamma and nonna left me", replied Nico after a beat. "They are the only legacy I have left of my family. Good, rich Italian cuisine for the whole family. I don't need a posh restaurant that's famous for serving stuck-up politicians and royals. I'd rather have that nice, little place that everyone in the neighborhood knows about and loves. Where parents go with their children, grandparents celebrate their fiftieth wedding anniversary in, where young teenagers in love for the first time come for their first date... A place that is... a home, to the community." Nico paused as he realized what he had said, horribly embarrassed because he had never admitted any of this out loud to anyone before. "Forget what I said. I'm being awfully sappy today, eh?" "No!", exclaimed Percy with a frown. "I like what you said! It's beautiful!" "You think so?", asked Nico, nearly shy. Percy offered him the sweetest, most breathtaking smile possible. "Yes! It's a wonderful idea. I'd come over. I'd totally become one of your regulars if you ever open that restaurant!" "Promise?", asked Nico playfully. With a mischievous smile on his face did Percy offer Nico his right hand, little finger sticking out. "Pinkie promise! Cross my heart, hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye!" "...That is creepily creepy", muttered Nico disturbed as he linked fingers. "So you don't watch My Little Pony then", laughed Percy sheepishly. "It is a huge obsession of my little brother. The way I understand the internet, every male between twenty and thirty likes it?" "First rule of the internet: Don't believe the internet", chuckled Nico fondly. "...Ah, disappointing", said Percy with a frown. "The internet is what prepared me for my stay in the United States of America. So, are you going to tell me the name of your place?" "Name?", echoed Nico confused. "Well, if I am to be your regular, I need to know the name of the restaurant", grinned Percy. "Bianca's", whispered Nico wistfully. "Bianca?", repeated Percy curiously. "Your... girlfriend, or something?" "My older sister", clarified the Italian, eyes sad. "She was my older sister..." "Oh", muttered Percy