PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || You're Half My OTP || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : You're Half My OTP – Let Me Be the Other Half Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, cosplay, fanboying, fluff, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Jason/Reyna, Frank/Hazel Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Annabeth Chase, Rachel Elizabeth Dare Summary : Percy fell head over heels in love when he first met that cosplayer – Keith from Voltron: Legendary Defender . He looked exactly like Keith; not just an 'on point' cosplay, no, his face and hair and posture. Cue in the awkward fanboy flirting... You're Half My OTP Let Me Be the Other Half Percy made a high-pitched noise when he first saw him . He paused so abruptly, his best friend Leo ran straight into him. Leo grunted and complained, punching Percy's shoulder to get his attention. When Percy turned to Leo to apologize and then turned back, the other was gone. "Okay, I bite; what did you see this time?", sighed Rachel amused. Percy had managed to rope his three best friends into cosplaying with him. And using his patented, guaranteed Kitten Eyes of Doom ™ that always worked, he had managed to convince them what fandom to cosplay for. He grinned broadly, ruffling his fluffy wig up a little more. "Voltron", chimed Percy eagerly. "That's... still so new though", argued Annabeth, their fourth, curiously. "Yeah, and have you hit the fandom? It's literally everywhere. So many fanfictions and fanarts already", huffed Leo and waved his arms around. "Figures there'd be cosplayers to that too. Duh." "Come on now. I want to get inside. You can hunt cosplayers later", ordered Rachel firmly. /break\ The second time was at a food stand. He was eating fries, laughing and joking around with a very handsome Captain America cosplayer. Once again, Percy made that embarrassing sound in the back of his throat – and when did he step that close up to the other cosplayer, because the next thing he knew, he was all up in the guy's personal space? Dark-blue contacts that were nearly gray, but the hair was real . That wasn't a wig. The fluffy, wild, black hair, kept longer to fit, was the real deal. His skin was just as pale as it ought to and the uniform looked so authentic. To Percy, all cosplayers were awesome. When someone loved something, loved a character enough to want to portrait them, to put all the money and effort into creating a cosplay, then that was awesome. Even if the cosplay itself looked less than professional or the cosplayer had no resemblance to the character; it was the love that went into the cosplay that made it special. That being said, meeting a cosplayer whose cosplay looked like it was right out of the movie/show, whose props were so authentic that they looked as though they could really work, a cosplayer who looked just like the character – that was intensely impressive. Especially when the character at hand was one of your absolute favorites (and your secret fictional character crush). "Scusi? Everything... alright? Hello?", asked the cosplayer in front of him after a while. Right. Just standing there and gaping was most likely very creepy. Percy blushed embarrassed. The voice was different. Well, of course it would be different – but he looked so much like the character that somehow, Percy was expecting the real actual voice. This one was however even more pleasant. With a heavy Italian accent, dark and velvety. The guy should definitely look into a career as a voice actor himself. The amazing cosplayer was still looking at him a bit disturbed. "You look like half my OTP", blurted Percy out, the first thing that came to his mind. The hot cosplayer had an amazing laugh and Percy could also hear the Captain America next to him snicker at that, which only made Percy blush harder. But this wasn't his fault. This cosplayer looked so scarily much like Keith from Voltron: Legendary Defender that it was impossible not to fanboy-squeal. Percy was only a fanboy too, after all. There was a confident grin on the Keith cosplayer's face as he cocked his head. That face, those hair, the posture; it was eerie how much the guy really did look like Keith. Percy's blush intensified as his mind went to the dirty corners filled with naughty fanfictions featuring his OTP. Don't think smut about strangers , prayed Percy. "That's the first one", chuckled the Keith cosplayer. "I got a bunch of compliments on my cosplay and looks already, but no one's been that direct. Let me guess... You strike me as a... Klance fan." Percy nodded sharply, cheeks positively burning in embarrassment. He was normally cooler about those kind of things. Approaching other cosplayers, especially those who cosplayed the things Percy loved, and fanboying with them. But this? This was the personification of his biggest fictional character crush and Percy's brain was having problems distinguishing that this wasn't Keith. "Well... Do you... want to take a picture together?", offered the other after another moment. "Gods, get your act together, Jackson", growled Percy beneath his breath, irritated by himself. "What was that?", asked the Keith cosplayer confused. Percy blinked and looked up. "Jackson, that's... me. Percy Jackson. I'm just... I swear I'm normally not that awkward, really. But you look... so insanely spot-on. Wow. I'm overwhelmed by your awesomeness, so really, it's your fault for making me that awkward." "Nico. That's my name, you can call me Keith if you really want to, but my name's Nico", introduced the other himself, amusement dancing in his eyes. "It's a pleasure to meet you. And let me return the compliment. You look very spot-on too. Especially the contacts... impressive." Right. Percy was also in cosplay. He had forgotten about that for a little bit. Voltron may be his current favorite and he was glad there were still awesome cartoons around, but he had chosen his childhood favorite for their group cosplay – Ben 10 . And Percy? Percy was Ben. With the brown wig and the outfit from Alien Force/Ultimate Alien . Percy frowned confused. "Those... aren't contacts. That's my eyes", corrected Percy and blinked a bit. Suddenly, it was the other who invaded his personal space. Percy blushed as he felt a hand curl around his chin, tilting it up so Nico could get a better look at the acid-green eyes. "Then you simply have gorgeous eyes", corrected Nico himself as he stepped away again. "Do you want to take a picture now or do you want to write a crossover slash fic over there?", drawled the Captain America very unimpressed, camera in hand and eyebrow raised. "Shut up, Jason", growled Nico displeased, glaring at his friend. "But yes to the photo", smiled Percy and handed his own camera to the blonde. "Please?" "Sure. Been taking photos of Nico with people all day long anyway", sighed Jason dramatically. "Oh please. I had to pry two Peggy Carters and one Bucky Barnes off of you already", snarled Nico sarcastically. "Don't act like you're not attracting enough people either." Jason looked smug and proud at that and Percy found it a bit endearing. Percy yelped a little as he was pulled close by Nico – Nico was not the 'hovering hand' kinda guy. No, if Percy had to describe it, the hand curling around his hip felt... nearly intimate. Not in a creeper or stranger danger kind of way, but in a pleasant way, as though the two were already very familiar with each other. Percy smiled into the camera and leaned closer to Nico. He liked the way they fit together. "I hope we'll run into each other again", said Nico when they parted ways. /break\ "What's with the dazed look on Nico's face?", asked Reyna as she rejoined her friends. Jason smiled when he saw his girlfriend and pulled her into a kiss. She was the most drop-dead gorgeous Black Widow on this entire convention. Instead of the brighter red that would have clashed with her skin, she had a darker wig that actually complimented her. She was perfect. "Nico met a cute cosplayer", chimed Jason teasingly. "Oh? Don't tell me another Lance cosplayer who wanted pairing-pictures with him?", sighed Reyna. "Because if we'd turn that into a drinking game, I'd be in a coma soon." "He was the cutest Ben 10 cosplayer ever", replied Nico with the smallest smile. "And he was very adorably awkward. But... wow. His eyes. They were even more intensely glowing green than Ben's. He was really very pretty... Wait. I got a photo to prove." Reyna frowned curiously as she leaned over to see. "Oh. Yeah, I saw him earlier. They're cool." "They?", echoed Nico curiously and sat up some. "Yeah, they're a Ben 10 group. I saw them shooting pictures earlier", nodded Reyna. Nico hummed and nodded. "Well then, that might make finding him again a little easier, I guess." "Can we first go look for your sister before you go booty-hunting?", requested Jason and rolled his eyes. "Frank sent me a text that they arrived. Move your ass, di Angelo." Nico snorted. Originally, Jason and Reyna had been his sister's friends. Hazel and her boyfriend Frank had gone to high school with Jason and Reyna. Then, after graduation, somehow Nico had wound up at the same college as them and they started hanging out, while Hazel and Frank went to college in New Orleans. Ironic, how things played out like that. He had made insanely good friends with Reyna and Jason. Together, the trio headed toward the agreed upon meeting point. It was easier to find the cute Ben 10 cosplayer again than anticipated. When Nico saw his sister, she was clearly flustered by a Latino in front of her. There was something about the Latino's cosplay that was familiar, this annoying buzz in the back of his brain that told him he knew this character and the show it was from but for the love of him, he couldn't pinpoint it. "You're the prettiest princess around and I saw like a dozen Belles already", whispered the Latino. His eyes were wide and he was gaping at Nico's sister in the same innocent awe as the little children were when they saw her in the princess-dress. It wasn't an obscene leering or a clear coming onto her, he was really genuinely just complimenting her for looking pretty. It was a bit adorable. "Leo, stop flustering Princess Allura and move that tiny butt of yours", called an annoyed voice. When Nico turned, he saw his pretty Ben 10 cosplayer. Next to each other, Nico managed to place the Latino's cosplay – Rex Salazar, the main character from Generator Rex . There had been a crossover episode with Ben 10 once and that was why Nico had started watching this show. It hadn't particularly stuck with him, if he was being honest, though. Ben 10 was definitely superior. "Hello, princess", greeted Nico with a smile as he pushed past the Latino and to his sister. She squealed happily and laid her arms around his neck to pull him into a hug. Due to classes, they hadn't seen each other a few months now. This was such a relief, to meet up again like this. There was a