PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Mating of Jason's Consciences || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Mating of Jason's Consciences – The Horny Devil and the Oblivious Angel Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, angels/demons, fluff, misunderstanding, mating, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Jason/Calypso, Luke/Octavian, Reyna/Annabeth, Frank/Hazel Percy Jackson Characters : Jason Grace, Perseus Jackson (Jason's angel), Nico di Angelo (Jason's devil) Thalia Grace, Luke Castellan (Thalia's angel), Bianca di Angelo (Thalia's devil) Leo Valdez, Frank Zhang (Leo's angel), Hazel Levesque (Leo's devil) Piper McLean, Annabeth Chase (Piper's angel), Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano (Piper's devil) Calypso, Rachel Elizabeth Dare (Calypso's angel), Octavian Simmons (Calypso's devil) Summary : Every human is born with a little devil and a little angel on their shoulder. The only ones who can see the little angel and the little devil are their human and other angels and devils. Jason's angel is Percy and his devil is Nico. The thing is, even though Percy is an angel and his duty was to set Jason on the right path, too many of his thoughts are focused on Jason's devil. The Mating of Jason's Consciences The Horny Devil and the Oblivious Angel Every human was born a blank slate. Not evil, but also not good. Just pure, untouched. Only when they grew a little older and were first confronted with a decision – a decision to either lie or be honest, a decision of moral – do they develop a conscience. Or rather, two consciences. The literal devil and angel on their shoulders. Angels were born in heaven, schooled in what was good and pure and right to do, while devils were born in hell, taught how to spread mischief and get out of hairy situations. All his life, Percy had learned everything he could about behaving right. And all his life, he had been looking forward to this day. The day a child would face their first important decision, the day he was going to be assigned his own child. His mentor Luke had left heaven years ago to attend to his own child and he couldn't wait to take on that responsibility himself. The boy's name was Jason Grace. He had golden-blonde hair and electric-blue, large eyes. He was maybe three as he sat in front of a broken vase, looking confused and teary-eyed. He was adorable. "Hello there, sweetling", cooed Percy eagerly, flapping his wings. "I'm Percy. I'm your guardian angel. I'm here to protect you and make sure you make the right decisions." "Ah, don't listen to the bore, Jay-Jay. I'm your best friend, you should listen to me." Percy frowned, straightening his back. As he turned, he saw another small form standing on Jason's other shoulder. An olive-skinned young man, with dark curls and pitch-black wings. The man winked at Percy and waved. Percy's frown turned into an irritated glare. "You must be my rival", huffed Percy annoyed, making shunning motions. "Shoo." "...Shoo?", echoed the devil amused, raising one eyebrow. "Rival is such a strong word, mio angelo. Let's call us... partners. We're going to raise this child together, after all." "We are not ", hissed Percy with a glare. "I'm gonna teach him what is right while you're just generally going to be a nuisance. I can just feel it. Luke was right, you devils are trouble." "Ouch, that wounds me", gasped the devil dramatically. "I'm Nico, by the way. Why don't we try to get along for little Jay-Jay's sake? Try to forget all those bad, bad prejudices." "You... want us to get along?", asked Percy, batting his eyelashes innocently as he flew around Jason to come and stand in front of Nico. "You really mean it?" Now it was Nico's turn to look surprised, automatically backing off as the angel came dangerously close, staring at Nico with those very impressive and innocent sea-green eyes. "Y—Yes..." "Then... will you do something for me...?", drawled Percy out, resting one hand on Nico's chest and batting his eyelashes at Nico again, leaning in to whisper into his ear. "Will you?" The angel was oddly warm, something a cold-blooded creature like Nico wasn't used to at all and he enjoyed it thoroughly. "Uhu. W—Whatever you want, mio angioletto." "Great", chimed Percy, grinning as he pushed Nico off. "Stay back and let me take care of this." Nico huffed as the force knocked him off Jason's shoulder, causing him to land on the little boy's bed. He blinked slowly and stared up at the cheekily grinning angel in total awe. This was not what he had expected from an angel. After everything he had been taught in the underworld, he had expected angels to be those obnoxiously good and dumbly innocent beings, not to be so cheeky. He had to grin despite himself as he watched Percy talk to Jason. He would let the angel have this one. /break\ That first day, Percy had managed to convince Jason to come clean about the vase. Not to his parents though; to his big sister. She was more a parent to the little boy than his constantly drunk or drugged mother. But Thalia Grace was a very responsible preteen, who only had Jason's well-being and happiness in her mind. Percy had no doubt about her goodness; after all, her angel was Luke. It had been a wonderful reunion for Percy. He was so happy to have his mentor in the same apartment. By nighttime, when Jason was safely tugged into his bed, Thalia sprawled out in her own and their mother passed out on the couch, did Percy fly over to Thalia's bed. "I am so happy to see you, Luke!", exclaimed Percy and jumped the older angel. The blonde chuckled softly, wrapping his arms around Percy to pull the younger angel into a hug. "It's good to see you, Percy. I'm glad Jason will be in your hands, you'll watch over him." "Uhu. Me too", nodded Percy, smiling blindingly bright. "I think Jay is a good kid." "He is", assured Luke, ruffling Percy's hair. "And so are you." Percy blushed a bit and ducked his head, feeling proud at the praise from his mentor. When he heard other voices, he turned to look around, seeing Nico hugging a beautiful female demon. Thalia's demon, he remembered having seen her earlier on Thalia's shoulder. "Who's she?", asked Percy curiously. "Ah, right", nodded Luke, grasping Percy's hand to tug him along. "Come, I'll introduce you." Percy frowned doubtfully as he was pulled over to the two olive-skinned demons. Nico turned to them a bit surprised, still trapped in a half-hug from the female demon, who smiled at them. "Nico, that's Luke. He's Thalia's angel", introduced Bianca. "It's so good to get to finally know you in person", said Luke, shaking Nico's hand. "Your big sister speaks very highly and very often about you, Nico. I've heard a lot about you." "Only good things, I hope", grunted Nico, turning to glare playfully at his sister. "Well, I'm glad I finally get to introduce Percy to you", stated Luke, giving Percy a slight push. "That's my little Percy. Percy, that's Bianca, Thalia's demon. She's really cool, you know." "Oh my gosh, so that is your Percy?", gasped Bianca excited, grasping Percy by the shoulders to look at him closely. "Luke talks a lot about you and Annabeth too. You're like little siblings to him. Not being with you had been hard for him at first. I guess the two of us helped each other over missing our little siblings when we came into the human world." "I'm sure you two will get along fine. You got such good big siblings", agreed Luke, placing his hands on top of Nico's and Percy's heads. "I trust you two with Jason." "Yeah. The little boy grew on us since we started taking care of Thalia", sighed Bianca softly. Nico glared at Luke and dodged the angel's hand. He was not a little kid and honestly, he had been looking forward to building his own life, finally out of his sister's shadow. But on the other hand, he was more than happy to finally have his big sister back in his life, because he loved her. /break\ After a long, good conversation with Luke and Bianca, Percy felt as though he already knew Nico even though he had only met him a few hours ago. Bianca talked about her little brother with so much pride and love and she had talked a lot. Then again, Luke hadn't talked any less about Percy and Annabeth. Annabeth. The thought of the other blonde angel made Percy's heart ache a bit. She had been like a sister to him, both of them had been mentored by Luke, had basically been raised by Luke. She had been called to Earth only months before Percy. He wondered if he would ever get to see her again. He hadn't thought he'd see Luke again either, after all. "You're not like how I pictured angels to be", whispered Nico next to him. Percy startled a little and turned his head to look at the devil laying next to him on the pillow. "Uh. Well... Your sister isn't really how I imagined a devil to be. And according to her, neither are you." "I guess", shrugged Nico, arms crossed behind his head as he stared at the ceiling. "Are we... going to get along?", asked Percy, barely audible and a bit unsure. "I dunno", shrugged Nico, frowning a bit. "I always thought angels would be annoying little pests. But I guess you're kinda fun. I think we could get along." Percy paused for a moment before he smiled. "Yeah, me too..." /break\ It turned out they actually did get along quite well. Nico was, albeit wicked to the core and downright scary when their boy was in danger, a good guy with a heart of gold and a nerdy mind. Over the years of being Jason's guardians, the devil and the angel grew decidedly close. They were basically best friends by the time Jason was ten and officially went into Thalia's care. The older Grace had fought for custody of her brother to get him away from their neglectful, drunk mother so she wouldn't waste all their money on booze and crash and burn them all. Now it was just the six of them. Jason, Nico, Percy, Thalia, Luke and Bianca. Granted, only their own human as well as other angels or devils could even see them, but still. Jason, Nico and Percy had their guiding mentors in Thalia, Bianca and Luke respectively, taking care of each other. "Jay, Jay, Jay! Come on, hurry! Avatar is about to start!", whined Percy, tugging on Jason's sleeve. The blonde boy blinked his large eyes at his little angel, seeing as Percy was not even the least bit strong enough to pull the ten-years-old boy along. Nico snorted from where he sat cross-legged on Jason's head. The devil enjoyed to watch his little angel when he was being silly like that. So over the past seven years, Nico had started to consider Percy 'his', it wasn't a big deal. Both Percy and Jason were his. His family. He and Percy were taking care of Jason, Jason was their child, so by backtracking, Percy was also Nico's, wasn't he? And it was surely Percy's fault that Nico thought so, seeing as Percy was the one always being so adorable and cheeky and overall amazing. "Your