PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Welten Entfernt || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Welten Entfernt – Und Doch Vom Selben Stern Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; Alien/Sci-Fi AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, xeno, alien customs/culture, wings, mating, knotting, explicit intercourse, anal, mentions of mpreg, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Reyna/Annabeth, Poseidon/Amphitrite, Hades/Persephone, Thanatos/Triton, Tyson/Ella Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Annabeth Chase, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Leo Valdez, Frank Zhang, Hazel Levesque, Tyson, Ella, Sally Jackson Godly Characters : Poseidon, Amphitrite, Proteus, Rhode, Benthesikyme, Kymopoleia, Triton, Thanatos, Hades, Persephone Summary : Nico, Reyna and Frank are astronauts on an important mission to explore the universe and find an Earth-like planet, able to support life, because humans managed to wreck their planet. They get hit by an asteroid and crash-land on an unknown planet. A planet with creatures of magnificent beauty, and one of those named Percy was taking care of Nico's injuries. This was a request by banana lord . I hope you like it, because I had a lot of fun writing it! ;) One thing beforehand! The title is German; "Welten entfernt und doch vom selben Stern" means "Worlds apart, but still from the same star" and is a quote from a song from Adel Tawil, a man with a voice that makes chocolate melt. This story includes a crazy idea I had. Since Percy's name sounds really normal until you learn its actually Perseus and from the Greek myths, I have the theory that "Sally" is only a nickname too and Rick is a tricky clever bastard. Since while he wrote PJatO, he hadn't thought about Romans, I have the theory that he named Sally "Sally" in referrence to Salacia, the Roman name for Poseidon/Neptune's wife. So this story takes that and takes it to a new level, because it's pretending that Sally Jackson and Amphitrite are the same character. One more note: Talking like this means they're speaking Atlantian Talking like this means they're speaking Plutonian Welten Entfernt Und Doch Vom Selben Stern Atlantis was the most beautiful planet in the universe. Half of it was covered by crystal-blue water, the other half submerged in sharp, high mountains. There was barely any flat land and the steep up the mountains were sharp angles. Cities were spread out all over Atlantis – from the highest mountains, the cities seemed to climb down like vines, settling in the depth of the oceans. It was beautiful and peaceful and utterly boring . Perseus of Atlantis groaned annoyed as he stared out from his room in the highest tower on the highest mountain, their planet's capitol city. There barely ever happened anything interesting on this planet. The last interesting thing that had happened had been when his brother had been courted and their dad got all protective and growly. It had been fun to see Lord Thanatos squirm and stutter around about how he was a good match for Triton. Triton had been nonplussed about his father's behavior. Eventually, Queen Amphitrite managed to convince King Poseidon that yes, all was good and their son had found a suitable mate. A beautiful mating ceremony followed and everything calmed down again. It was so, so dull. "Percy? Are you up to no good again?" Huffing beneath his breath, Percy turned to look at his best friend and adviser Annabeth. She smiled kindly and sat down next to him on the bed. There were only three people on this planet who understood him, truly understood him and his longing. His adviser, his man servant and his handmaid. An old Atlantian tradition had it that Altantian youths were allowed to leave Atlantis during their sixteenth decade of life – they called it planet hopping. While Tamaran and Antar had been a bit dull, Kimmoku had been a lot of fun – but the best planet in all the known solar systems was by far Earth. It was only one planet, but it was so cramped with so many different cultures, so many loud different opinions and arguments. What they lacked in science, they made up for in fiction. Books, television shows, movies, art, their social networks – it was so colorful and amazing. Many planets Percy had seen were light years ahead of humans when it came to technology, but their culture suffered from it. Humans however, their sense of culture stood above all else. They were so prideful in their traditions to the point it was pitiful, yet Percy still admired it. "How about I call Leo and Hazel and we play Monopoly?", offered Annabeth playfully. Percy's eyes sparkled hopefully as he looked at his adviser. Leo was Percy's manservant and Hazel was his handmaid, the two of them being a mated pair. It had been the four of them who spend the biggest part of their planet hopping on Earth and the biggest part of their time on Earth, they spend exploring the United States of America – such a funny concept too, calling themselves 'united', yet divided so much by their different laws and views. Human minds, such fascinating things. And even though Percy had fallen so deeply in love with Earth, when their sixteenth life decade was up, the four of them obediently returned to Atlantis. But Percy missed it every single day. /break\ There was someone yearning for the stars just as much as Percy, though ironically he was stuck on the planet Percy dreamed of. Nico had always stared up at the stars with longing. It was because of his sister. Bianca, she had joined a girl's scouting group when she was twelve and loved the stars. She would lay down with Nico on the roof of their house and point them out to the ten-years-old, explaining the different star-signs and the mostly Greek myths behind them. She died less than a year after joining the girl scouts during a terrible hiking accident. Still, those hours on their rooftop and Bianca's fascination for the stars, they stayed with Nico forever. In a way, he felt as though it brought him closer to her again, like her memory was the freshest when he got closer to his goal. His nearly frantic obsession over Greek mythology and stars turned into an actual career and here he was, about to board for one of the most important missions NASA had ever given. He was on one of the select teams send out to explore their universe on the search for a planet humans could live on. He turned his head to look at his two teammates, Reyna and Frank. Over the course of their training, the three of them bonded and by now Nico truly trusted them with his life. He was giddy just thinking about discovering a new planet with his two friends. "This is going to be my great adventure, Bianca", whispered Nico before looking up into the sky. /break\ Percy, Annabeth, Leo and Hazel were on their second round of Monopoly. They had been joined by two others, though those two were a little too young and impatient for this human game. Percy's little brother Tyson sat on his lap, contently watching how his big brother dominated the board. Tyson's best friend and mate-to-be sat in Annabeth's lap, reading a book. Ella was a special girl, she was incredibly clever. Tyson and her were basically inseparable and everyone in and around the palace knew that a bond was already forming between them. Innocently for now, but one day, once they'd be of mating age, they would start courting. Ella was a good girl, a real cutie. One day, she would be a brilliant and beautiful woman. A kind and good mate for Percy's treasured baby brother. He tried to ignore the jealousy that his baby brother – his little, innocent baby brother – had found his soulmate before Percy did, even though Percy was already a couple decades past the official mating age. Not that that meant a lot; four of his older siblings weren't mated yet either. " Big brother, will we go swimming later? ", asked Tyson pleadingly. " Like Percy would ever say no to you ", snorted Annabeth with an amused look. " Like anyone would ever say no to him. Look at that face! ", corrected Leo, pinching Tyson's cheeks. " He's utterly adorable! Which may run in the family when I look at Percy... " Percy blushed and ducked his head, nosing Tyson's messy hair. " Sure, Ty. After all, Annie is planning on stealing Ella to visit the temples, right? " The temples were their place of learning – they had different temples dedicated to different knowledge and even though it was tradition for the oldest sister to go to the temples with her younger siblings, Ella was an only child so her parents had asked their neighbors to take Ella with her. And since Annabeth's two younger half-brothers were Ella's and Tyson's age, the blonde had agreed and had been taking Ella to the temples ever since. " Mh, Ella wants to go visit the books ", hummed Ella with sparkling eyes, looking up at Annabeth. " Later, Ella ", chuckled Annabeth. " Once I win this game we'll go, okay? " " Hey, who says you'll win? ", huffed Hazel, squinting critically at the blonde. Leo made a soothingly rumbling sound in his chest as he snuggled up to his mate, effectively distracting Hazel from her competitiveness. Hazel and Annabeth often competed, sometimes playfully and sometimes both could take it a little too serious. Annabeth's flaw was her stubbornness and Hazel's flaw was that she was a master at holding a grudge. Before they even could continue their game, Percy's older brother barged into the room. Which in itself was startling enough, because Proteus was the most polite and etiquette bound person Percy knew. " Are... Are you alright, brother? ", asked Percy concerned. " Would you accompany me to the infirmary wing? ", requested Proteus seriously. " Is dad alright? And mom? ", wanted Percy to know, eyebrows knitted with dread. " Yes. Yes, everyone is alright ", assured Proteus, softening a little. " I found something that may interest you. I was out with my team, when we found a wreckage of a ship. It's extraterrestrial. " " Oh. Aliens ", gasped Leo, eyes sparkling in glee, rubbing his hands together. " From what planet? Allies? ", inquired Annabeth, back straightening. " It's distinctively human-made. The tech is so primitive. Three humans have been rescued. Mother and father have been arguing ever since, I thought you may help smoothing things out ", replied Proteus, locking eyes with Percy. " I, well everyone, knows of your obsession with humans. " Within seconds were all six younger Atlantians up and following Proteus out of the room and to the infirmary wing. And even if they wouldn't be following Proteus and didn't know where it was, the sound of the king and the queen arguing was a dead give-away. And if Poseidon and Amphitrite were arguing, there were only two things that could make them stop and agree – by offering up either Tyson or Percy. Their parents were unable to deny their two youngest. " Dad! Is it true? Is it humans?! ", asked Percy with the largest begging kitten-eyes possible. Instantly, Poseidon and Amphitrite stopped talking and turned toward the approaching Atlantians. Poseidon glowered and huffed, looking utterly displeased, while Amphitrite smiled