PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Puppy's Wish || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Puppy's Wish – The Puppy and His Master Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; magical AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, puppy-turned-dogboy, heat, mpreg, spanking Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Zerberus/Mrs.O'Leary Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Small Bob, Mrs. O'Leary, Zerberus Own Characters of the Next Generation: Bianca Maria di Angelo, Hades Poseidon di Angelo Summary : Percy is a happy puppy, he loves his master Nico and he enjoyed the other pets in the house. But they're all a little different. Nico is a Death Angel, his cat Small Bob is a skeletal cat, Mrs. O'Leary is a hellhound and Zerberus is a three-headed guard of the underworld. And Percy, well, he is a magical creature too, not that Nico knows that. Nico thinks Percy is just an adorable puppy he picked up from the street, beaten and left in the cold. That changes when Percy hits his heat and shows Nico what exactly he truly is. The Puppy's Wish The Puppy and His Master Nico groaned exhausted as he entered his apartment. It had been an exhausting day. Then again, most nights were exhausting for a Death Angel, because sadly enough, humans decided to die every day so no rest for the wicked, he supposed. Spreading his black wings, he stretched some, causing his spine to crack in a not very healthy way. Hanging his black cloak onto the wardrobe, resting his scythe against the wall next to it. Coming home meant some peace of mind. Death Angels were a busy race and sure, he had some friends in his business – Thanatos, Hazel, Lou Ellen, to name some of the best - but home was a place of peace and being alone. A meowing interrupted him. Smiling slightly, he reached down to pat the skeletal cat that pushed its head against his leg. Small Bob. Well, the cat didn't exactly belong to him, it belonged to the house's janitor, Bob. But the cat liked to stray, exploring the different apartments in the building. And Small Bob was always welcomed at Nico's. After all, it meant his three dogs weren't all alone. He had three gorgeous, black dogs. One was Zerberus, a three-headed guard-dog of the underworld. Every Death Angel had one to guard his apartment. Mostly, they took the three-headed dogs with them to sniff out souls on a slow day. But on busy days like today, he had enough to do without having to specially seek out where other lost souls were. The second one was a regular hellhound named Mrs. O'Leary, a pretty and large female. And then there was the pup. Well, he wasn't exactly Zerberus' and Mrs. O'Leary's pup, but after Nico had taken the pup home with him, the two dogs had taken to the pup and cared for him like he was their own. The pup's name was Perseus – like the mythological slayer of Medusa, because when he had found the pup, it had been fighting with a snake in a very adorable way. The little black ball of fluff had not been the least bit threatening back then. By now, he had grown into a beautiful collie, reaching Nico's hips easily. When Nico had found him, Perseus had been a sickly, weak little stray on the streets, fighting for his life in the cold and bitter autumn rain. Beaten by his previous owner, thrown out like trash and left to die. Nico knew what it felt like to be unwanted – even in the supernatural world, Death Angels weren't very liked – so he had to take the little pup with him. He had nursed Perseus back to health and since then, the collie had been the most affectionate one of his pets. The most grateful. "Where's Perseus?", asked Nico concerned when he saw Mrs. O'Leary and Zerberus in the living room, lazily laying on the couch (he had tried to teach them not to lay on the couch. It didn't work). Mrs. O'Leary tilted her head and got up. She liked their Nico, their Nico was kind and he cared for the animals. He especially cared for her pup. Percy was hers, he was a poor little pup and she would protect him. Slowly walking into their Nico's bedroom, she could hear their Nico heading to the bathroom to get cleaned up. He had soul-shards all over. " Pup, Nico is back. Say hello to him, you know he likes you much ", ordered Mrs. O'Leary fondly. She rested her front paws on the bed and looked at the pup. Frowning a little, she tilted her head. Her pup was special, she had known that for months now. Nico may think Percy was just a regular dog, a human's pet, Mrs. O'Leary knew better than that. Percy was a Dog Demon, but when Nico had picked him up, the pup had been far too weak to shift. Mrs. O'Leary had asked him later, when he had been nursed back to health by a tender and careful Nico, why he didn't shift and tell Nico the truth, but Percy had been afraid. In the pup's short life, he had already been called a freak too often, beaten for being different. A half-demon, born in the mortal world. " Percy, you need to get up ", whined Mrs. O'Leary concerned, nudging the boy's head. Percy had shifted, he often did when Nico wasn't home. He was handsome, for a human. Pale skin – from spending all his time in the underworld without sun and never going out of the house in human form – the messiest black hair possible and the same sea-green eyes that his dog-form had. There were also his floppy puppy-ears and his long-furred tail. Right now, Percy didn't look good. His cheeks were flushed and his body was covered in sweat. There were pitiful whimpers coming from the dogboy as he writhed on the sheets. Mrs. O'Leary turned toward the door, whining. " Molly, what's wrong? ", growled Zerberus' middle head in his dark voice as he entered. " Is pup sick? ", whined the left head concerned while the right one nuzzled Mrs. O'Leary. " I don't know... He looks sick ", whimpered Mrs. O'Leary worried, nudging Percy again. That was when Small Bob walked into the room, striding over to the bed and elegantly jumping up onto it. The cat curled together on the pillow, watching the three dogs curiously. " He's in heat ", stated Small Bob after a while. " I've met a Dog Demon before. Looks like your pup is a submissive and that he hit his first heat circle. " " What do we do? ", asked Mrs. O'Leary confused, tilting her head. " Well, Nico can find herbs to lessen the burden, but for that, one of us would have to be able to talk to Nico and since Percy is the only one who speaks the human tongue and the boy refuses to show his true self to Nico... I don't think there is anything you can do. It's either herbs to suppress it, or find Percy a dominant mate to breed him. Other than that, let him suffer through it until it ends. " " I'm not letting my pup suffer ", growled Zerberus' middle head. " I'm not letting some stranger take my pup ", added the left head bothered. " I don't know what to do... ", admitted the right head concerned. /break\ Nico groaned pleased as he was hit by the stream of hot water. After a day of chasing through the harsh cold world the humans resided in, it was nice to warm up again. It would be even nicer to warm up with another body, but he simply had no time to go out and date. And he wasn't as lucky as Hazel. His friend had found love in an animal shifter named Frank and a submissive dragon sifter named Leo. She kept telling him that finding their little submissive had made hers and Frank's life so perfect. There was no greater pleasure than an obedient and wanton sub. Nico could picture that, yes. But he was dedicated to his work and when he wasn't working, he rather spend time with his four pets. He had no time to waste on dates with slutty subs who just wanted a fuck from a Death Angel. Oh, their race was known for their sexual prowess. Subs were wanton little things and they yearned the most dominant partners. There was basically no race more dominant than death. And Nico wanted more than just some plaything for sex, he'd want the love Hazel had found. He wanted a mate, not a fuck. The problem was, for that he'd need to go through the draining progress of meeting other people, going to dates, getting to know then and then just noticing that they were either after his money, or his dick. Not his heart. It had happened often enough. What he wanted was a beautiful, dedicated sub who wanted him for who he was, not for the riches most underworld demons possessed, or the overly large cock he possessed as a Death Angel and the way he knew to use just that. Heaving a sigh, he started to pump his cock. Somehow, he was feeling especially horny at the moment. Thoughts of that perfect little mate, waiting for him at home to be fucked and loved had haunted him for months now. But at the moment, there was also something else. A soft, sweet scent, like a sub in heat. The scent didn't fail to get his cock's attention, eager to ram into the tightness of the ripe sub. He wondered if one of his neighbors was in heat and too dumb to close the windows and lock themselves in. Spreading the scent like that would only draw dominants in and whoever it was, they would soon have many suitors surrounding their bed. Nico had never caught a sweet scent more alluring than this. But just before he could come, the whining and howling of his pets interrupted him. They sounded miserable. Frowning confused, Nico stopped jerking himself off and grabbed a towel, hastily drying himself off. There must be something off. His eyes widened in panic. He hadn't seen Perseus today. What if something had happened to his precious little puppy?! Wrapping his towel around his waste, he stumbled out of the bathroom. Perseus was special. Nico had spend weeks at the pup's side, nursing him back to health, spoon feeding him and tending to the pup's every need until he was healthy again. What if he got hurt somehow? "Perseus? Perseus, where are you?!", exclaimed Nico loudly. He followed the whines to his bedroom and was confused that the smell intensified too. The biggest shock was what he found on his bed. Zerberus and Mrs. O'Leary were standing next to the bed, Small Bob was curled together on a pillow and sprawled all over the bed was the most gorgeous submissive Nico had ever seen. Pale skin, long legs, flushed cheeks, a hardness pointing up, leaking cum as it was begging for attention. Black hair was in a mess, with two adorable puppy-ears pointing out between them. Half-lid sea-green eyes stared over at him with lust. A pink