PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Ghost King's Queen || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Ghost King's Queen – How Percy Trapped Nico Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, identity crisis, a lot of insecurities, crossdressing, feminization, explicit intercourse, anal, spanking, size-kink (Percy's a size-queen and Nico likes them small), hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Nico/OC (for, like, one paragraph), Jason/Reyna Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Will Solace, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace Summary : The war has been over for two years and everyone moved on. Nico, in an attempt to get over Percy, was hiding in a relationship with Will. Settling with being gay. But then he sees this beautiful girl with sea-green eyes and tempting, long legs working at this cute, small bakery. He has to go through the progress of doubting his sexuality once again. Percy Jackson has disappeared from the surface of the Earth after the war. He was hiding from everyone, even from himself. Hating the things he had done in the war, trying to create a new persona. Andromeda Jackson. He dresses as a girl, lives as a girl and works at a diner. Until Nico di Angelo comes stumbling back into his life, blowing his cover. So, this is a mixture of two requests I got - mattcun wanted Percy finding serenity and peace in crossdressing and being a temptation (with a tiny dick) that Nico falls for and Kobalos wanted a reverse-Mulan type of thing where Nico falls for crossdresser!Percy, thinking he's a girl and starting to question his sexuality because of that. They worked well together and I'm pleased with the outcome. I hope so are you. ;) The Ghost King's Queen How Percy Trapped Nico It had been two years since the war now. Nico had done all he could to get over Percy Jackson. Granted, the fact that Percy had vanished without as much as a note nearly right after the war had made it easier. His friends had helped. Will Solace had helped, encouraging Nico to try and move on, get more comfortable in his sexuality and try having a relationship. So Nico was dating some pretty-boy from Aphrodite Cabin. Black-haired, green-eyed, easy on the eyes. Yet even after two years, it sometimes happened that when Nico came deep inside his lover, he would moan Percy's name. Which ended with Nico getting kicked out of the cabin, which was ridiculous considering that they only had sex in Nico's cabin. So maybe getting over Percy wasn't working as well as Nico was hoping it would. "Are you even listening to me, Neeks?", inquired his boyfriend annoyed. The two were out on a date, coffee in New York. After a long walk, they had ended up in a part of New York where Nico hadn't been before. Not that he spend overly much time in New York. They were in a small diner slash bakery. And maybe Nico would pay more attention to his boyfriend if not for the long-legged waitress serving their coffees and cakes. Those legs should be forbidden and the obscenely short skirt didn't hide much – whenever the door opened and a customer entered, the skirt would flare up, revealing blue lace-panties and a tight, heart-shaped ass. Nico was an ass-man. Some liked to stare at the package, the muscles, others were obsessed with strong arms, but all that mattered to Nico was a deliciously tight ass, perfect porcelain skin that would turn the nicest shade of red when Nico spanked it. He knew he wasn't the only one looking, but he was probably the only one looking and not feeling comfortable with looking. This was a girl he was staring at. Granted, the most gorgeous girl he had ever seen – with a charming smile, sparkling sea-green eyes and messy, shoulder-long black hair. She was slender and beautiful. And a girl . "Mh, sorry, babe", mumbled Nico absentmindedly. "What were you saying?" /break\ Percy was living the life. The war had hit him hard, Tartarus had literally put him through hell, physically and mentally speaking, and the break-up with Annabeth hadn't helped either. So he decided to start anew. The only people he still contacted were his mom and Paul, because never again would he put her through the pain of not knowing where her only child was and if he was safe, if he was still alive. But aside from them, he had cut all ties. His new life was literally a new life. Perseus Jackson was gone. He was living under the name of Andromeda Jackson – in a way, he still couldn't let go of that name. He still valued his mother too much, held her too dear to completely let go. Then again, Jackson was a rather common last name, so he figured he'd be fine. Seeing as he dropped out of school, he started working as a waitress. Waitress, not waiter. He still remembered camp days, back when Silena had still been alive. The young campers always had to suffer under her ways. Not the way they had to under Drew. Silena loved dressing cute boys up in dresses and Percy had ended up in dozens of beautiful dresses because of her. Unlike the other boys, it never bothered him. He liked the material, loved the freedom that was going on between his legs all without pants. Then the war hit, and then the next one followed right away. Only afterward had he allowed himself to properly think about what that meant. He had started out slow. Only in secret, behind his own locked door. Then he grew more confident, sneaking out in a dress. He had gotten so many whistles and compliments, even a guy hitting on him. It had made him feel flustered and special and amazing . The occasions he sneaked out dressed as a girl multiplied and the guys hitting on him did too. So he had to come up with a name, the first time he allowed himself to be involved in a serious conversation. Thus, Andy Jackson had been born. Weeks later, he finally told his parents. Told them how he enjoyed pretending to be a girl, how much he enjoyed being Andy – because Andy wasn't a hero, Andy wasn't a demigod, Andy hadn't suffered all those losses, Andy hadn't gone through Tartarus. Percy wanted to be Andy. Permanently. There had been a lot of crying and only when Percy promised to call and not to lose touch with them did they allow him to move out. To start a new life and move on. Andromeda Jackson rented a one-room apartment on the other side of the city the next week. It was a rat-hole, really, but he was grateful for his parents to help him out a bit at first. Soon, Percy got a job as a waitress at a local coffee shop and when they noticed he was a great baker, he was even allowed to work in the kitchen. He loved it, had always loved baking. And he loved the attention. What had started out as long dresses and skirts had by now shrunken to 'large belts', as his stepfather liked to call them with a disapproving look (he even liked that, having a protective dad hovering above, worried he'd get the wrong kind of attention). But he enjoyed that wrong kind of attention. He loved the whistles and snickers and even when one of the customers would playfully slap his butt in passing. It was even better when it ended in a hook-up. In the past two years, there hadn't been any serious relationships, but there had been a lot of casual sex. In the back of an alley, the toilets of clubs, occasional even at his place, but of course in the dark. He kept his skirt on and only did it doggy-style, telling the guys he was 'saving herself for marriage'. They didn't question it, as long as they got to come in a tight, hot hole. Never with the lights on, or with Percy on his back, never without clothes. Never risking them seeing that there was no pussy to be saved for marriage, but a cock waiting to be jerked off once the guy of the week was out cold after a round of rough, hard sex. So everything was good. Not like he needed love. Not like he wanted love. Not like he deserved love. Being Andromeda was good, as long as no one got close enough to discover his secret, because that would mean laying Perseus Jackson bare. And he had locked Percy away in the back of his mind over a year ago now. But then this cute gay couple stopped by for chocolate cake and coffee and it only took Percy ten seconds to realize that it was Nico di Angelo. His heart stopped in panic, thinking camp may have send them to track him down, but they didn't even really notice him. So Percy played it cool, served them and smiled. They left again and Percy was relieved. Until they returned. And returned. And returned. The fleeting feeling of Nico's eyes on his body had been something he thought he had imagined the first time around, but it continued and it intensified. Percy tried to write it off as nothing special. But then Nico started to show up alone. On a regular base. For a week straight, he came every single morning for breakfast, always sitting on one of Percy's tables. Percy grew nervous, but not a single word aside from the usual and necessary pleasantries were exchanged. Until one morning, about four weeks after that initial first time that Nico had showed up. Nico was offering Percy that charming smile again as Percy brought him what had become the Ghost King's usual at this point. Their hands touched as Nico took the plate from him. "Thank you... Andy is it, right?", said Nico with that charming smile, laying heavy on the accent. "Yes, sir", smiled Percy. "And you're welcome, sir. It's my job, after all." With that, Percy continued with his work and only returned to Nico's table when Nico wanted the bill. There was a generous tip stuck to the empty coffee mug as Nico put his leather jacket on. "That's... very... much...", stated Percy stunned, staring at the money. "I think my favorite waitress earns it", smirked Nico with a flirtatious wink. "Ciao, bella." Percy was beet-red as he put the money away and okay, so the looks hadn't been imaginary. /break\ "So... you broke up? After two years, just like that?" Nico shifted in guilt, staring over at Will Solace. "I'm sorry." The son of Apollo heaved a sigh as he looked at the pitiful sight that was Nico di Angelo. Just yesterday, Will had to pick up the pieces of Nico's boyfriend and today, he had gone to confront the son of Hades. Nico explained it, told Will about the waitress – the one who reminded Nico of Percy, even far more than the son of Aphrodite he had been dating in an attempt to forget Percy had. "No. No, I'm sorry", sighed Will and shook his head. "I mean, I knew it from the start. You asked him out the very day the war ended, practically right after you told Percy you were 'over' him. You never got over him.