PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Honey, I Shrank the Hero || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Honey, I Shrank the Hero – Nico di Angelo, Babysitter Extraordinaire Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, hurt/comfort, friendship, Nico-centered, deaging, Percy Feels, PTSD, past (child) abuse, shoujo-ai, threesome, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Jake/Will, Jason/Piper, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Chris/Clarisse, Thalia/Reyna, Tempest/Blackjack Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Lou Ellen, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Jason Grace, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Thalia Grace, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Tempest, Blackjack Godly Characters : Hebe, Chiron Summary : Nico is adjusting surprisingly well after the war. To having friends, to not being shunned, to spending time with Percy. At least until news about Percy's and Annabeth's breakup reach him. When he goes to New Rome to investigate, everything somehow goes downhill. Now he's suddenly the personal caretaker of a seven-years-old Percy Jackson, because the boy latched onto him. The rest of their friends is more than happy to dump the deaged hero on Nico so they can try and figure out how in the world this had happened. Nico all the while has to put up with... cuteness. Honey, I Shrank the Hero Nico di Angelo, Babysitter Extraordinaire Nico di Angelo had finally pulled his head out of his ass, as Will liked to call it. He was staying at camp, he was socializing. He had even made friends . Sure, he was still freaked out about coming out – he was actually still wondering where his boldness had rooted from when he had so bluntly told Percy about his feelings. And okay, he may have lied there, but it was habit . Will had called him out on that bullshit too. Will was a good friend, Nico admitted in the back of his mind and only to himself. Not that Nico had particularly needed any head-whacking when it came to that part of his life. He knew his feelings for Percy had surpassed a 'crush' years ago – heck, if his feelings for that boy had been strong enough so Hades had picked up on them and so Cupid considered the mere mention of them a worthy challenge, then fuck, that was not a little school girl crush. Nico knew that. He didn't want to know that, but he still did. But he also knew that Percy was with Annabeth. Telling Percy about his feelings and that he was over them had been Nico listening to his father's advise, or wish rather – to see Nico being happy. For that, Nico needed to let go of the greatest pain there was. And that was his love for Percy Jackson. Every time those sea-green eyes would shine when they looked at Annabeth , it was worse than going through Tartarus. Maybe if Nico came clean, if he'd try hard enough, he could truly, really get over Percy. With Will's help, which the blonde had been all too eager to offer. It had been why Will was so overly friendly to begin with, after all. Will's gay-dar was well and when he had picked up on Nico's feelings for Percy back during the Titan War, he had tried to befriend the younger boy, to help him through the toughest phase there was. Settling with who he truly was. Sadly, Nico had missed that opportunity at first. Now however he took it, gladly. Nico had a friend, a gay friend. Someone who at the very least understood that aspect of his life. And Will was great, he had spend hours and days with Nico, mainly on gay rights, marriage and even how far it had reached into pop-culture. There were no gas-chambers awaiting gays any more... at least not in their parts of the world. Will had put much effort into trying to reassure Nico that those who matter wouldn't reject him for who he was. And they hadn't. Percy was still a little weird and stammered a lot , but never anything mean, he never shied away from Nico or looked grossed out. Hazel had embraced Nico. Reyna and Jason had offered him small, proud smiles when he had said it out loud in front of the three Romans for the first time – I am gay . Because admitting a crush on Percy or projecting his fears onto others was not the same as saying it out loud. And Will was right, every time he said it, it felt easier. (He practiced it in front of the mirror in the Hades Cabin, right before going to bed – I 'm Nico di Angelo, I'm the Ghost King and I'm gay. That's who I am and it's okay . No one was ever to know about that though, because Nico would send them to Tartarus himself.) But slowly, it became okay . Slowly, he actually grew comfortable in his own skin. "You are really freaking me out, di Angelo." He laughed at that. Two years ago, he would have flinched. Three years ago, he would have grown angry and bitter. Four years ago and he would have run, like the stubborn brat he had been. But now? He laughed and flipped his friend the finger. "Go suck it, Ellen", replied Nico nonchalantly, not moving an inch. "Yeah, no, I leave the sucking to you, ghosty", snickered the daughter of Hecate. She was leaning over Nico, hands on her knees as she stared at him in utter fascination. Nico di Angelo, son of Hades, just lazing about in the sun. He spend a lot of time in the sun, just bathing in the light. Most preferably at the beach and if they knew why, then they never commented on it. It had done him good, not just because being in the light had kept him from slipping into the shadows – which had been a hard feast for the first few months after the Giant War, because his body was still short of just fading out. No, it had also regained his olive-skinned complexion. The dark bags from sleeplessness and exhaustion were gone, because now that he was a regular at camp, he had a home to rest and wasn't constantly on the run anymore. The only black around his eyes was the occasional mascara. He had hit a growth spurt and enjoyed patting Jason's hair condescendingly in a nearly perverse way, but after two years of being pampered by the blonde and treated like a little brother who needed protection, it was nice to be the taller one for a change. His hair was longer, even messier than ever before and he had an undercut. He also had a couple of piercings lining his ear, one in his lower lip, a nipple piercing on the left and one in his tongue. Though he still stuck with his black skinny-jeans, he had taken to wearing band-shirts (shadow-traveling saved a lot of money when it came to watching live-music) and leather jackets. Short: He was a punk. And he blamed Lou Ellen for it. The daughter of Hecate had followed soon after Will and been attached to the son of Hades by the hip. Two children of the underworld with creepy yet awesome powers. They soon became friends and she, with her purple-dyed and half-shaved off hair and her clothes-style and her combat boots, had taken the liberty of taking Nico shopping. Often. "Whatcha dreaming about, Nico?", asked Lou as she plunged down next to him. "College", replied Nico easily. Folding her arms behind her head, she stared up into the clouds too. "Already, huh?" "I'm sixteen, two more years and I'm done", shrugged Nico casually. "Good to hear you finally put your education higher on your list of priorities." Nico cracked his eyes open at that, just for the sole purpose of making a show of rolling them. And then he sat up, for the sake of reaching out and pushing the glasses up that were slipping off his best friend's nose. Jason glared a little at that, flushing. Nico smirked. "Who would have thought we'd turn into the nerd and the punk?", asked Nico teasingly. "I'm not a nerd", defended Jason, straightening his glasses some more. "Dude, you're slaving away for your graduation. You didn't even have time for movie night last week. You are a total nerdy geeky bore!", claimed Lou loudly. "Join us, nerdy, geeky bore." Jason leveled a glare at the daughter of Hecate, but still obeyed and sprawled out on the grass too. Their heads were practically bumping as all three of them had their legs stretched out away from them. Jason smiled a little as he stared up into the bright, blue sky. "So, you're thinking about college?", asked the son of Jupiter softly. "Not where , but... well, what, I guess", shrugged Nico awkwardly. "And are you going to tell us?", pressed Lou, turning her head to glare at him. He made a show of looking thoughtful, before smirking and getting up. "Nope." "He's such a sarcastic little shit", muttered Jason beneath his breath. "I know, I taught him well", sighed Lou with a grin. /break\ Two years ago, Will had complained that Nico hadn't visited the infirmary. It was a bit ironic to him that nowadays, he barely got the son of Hades out of the infirmary. While Will did paperwork (why did Chiron even want that? They weren't a hospital or anything, after all!), Nico would be laying sprawled out on one of the empty beds, reading. While the infirmary was bursting with life, he'd sit perched up on Will's desk, with his feet on Will's chair (thanks, man, so considerate. Will liked to sit on Nico's bed with his shoes on in return. Sweet payback). "Hey, babe", whispered a deep, dark voice. Will started a little where he was sitting on his chair, head hanging over another file. Twisting a little was enough to earn a kiss on the cheek as his boyfriend wrapped his arms around Will's shoulders from behind, chin resting in the crook of Will's neck. "Hey", whispered Will back, smiling a little. "What are you doing here?" "What does it look like?", countered the dark-haired boy. "Looks like you're trying to make me puke", commented Nico from the bed beside the table. "Please cease the noises, I'm trying to read. And please cease the making-out, I'm trying to keep my breakfast down. Watching you two is like—like how I imagine watching my parents would be." "What are you even doing in the infirmary? I swear, you're here more often than I am!", complained Jake irritated as he straightened. "Can't you go into some shady, dark corner or something?" "Wi—ill, your boyfriend is mean to me", whined Nico, his best fake kiddie-whine. Will smiled fondly and leaned over to ruffle Nico's hair. This was what he had wanted for years now. Helping Nico with being who he was, being comfortable who he was. He was proud that he had been able to befriend the son of Hades and could help the other boy. "Little Nikki is learning", replied Will to his boyfriend's question. "Our little boy wants to be a doctor when he grows up, so he's been devouring every biology, anatomy, psychology and what-not book we have. He wants to make sure he can cover it once he has to study it." "A... doctor...?", asked Jake stunned, leaning