PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Thalyna || The Aftermath || Pipabeth || PJatO || Frazeleo || PJatO Title : Blood of Olympus: The Aftermath – After the War, into the Love Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, jealousy-issues, fluff, hurt/comfort, slow-build every-ship, matchmaker!Nico (Nico ships Thalyna), many feels, character study-esque, shoujo-ai, threesome, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Thalia/Reyna, Piper/Annabeth Side Pairings : Percy/Annabeth (to be broken up), Jake/Will, Tempest/Blackjack, Paul/Sally Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Calypso, Jason Grace, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Hylla Ramírez-Arellano, Thalia Grace, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Nyssa Black, Lou Ellen, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis, Blackjack, Arion, Guido, Tempest Summary : Taking EVERYTHING – aside from that very last chapter with Leo's POV – into account. Take it as my sequel or epilogue to Blood of Olympus . So, obviously, heavy spoiler-alert . Percy is trying to cope with Nico's blunt confession, Nico is trying to get over Percy with Will's help, Reyna is still trying to figure out how she is going to find love but not with a demigod. And Leo has a promise to fulfill (though this is where I take liberties with canon, so let's start with Leo). Everything changes now that the war is over and things calm down. They change. Also, this story is dedicated to Goddess of the Multiverses , because damn it, thanks, without our little conversations about it, I wouldn't have managed to get through with the book before the end of the year. Also, said conversations inspired me to write this to begin with. ;) Blood of Olympus: The Aftermath After the War, into the Love Chapter 1: The Direct Aftermath /Frank&Hazel&Leo\ Hazel was a child of the underworld and everyone who ever encountered a child of the underworld would agree on one thing: They were stubborn as can be. She could not accept Leo's death. Even though she had shaken her brother off when he had told her that something about Leo's death had been strange, that had been more her inner will not to try and cling onto hope. But she desperately wanted to cling to hope. She couldn't believe that he had sacrificed everything for them all. He had died to save the world. But that couldn't be the end. Not after everything they had been through. The Fates had brought them together – Leo's words, but also Hazel's thoughts. Throughout this quest, this war , Hazel and Frank had spend most of their time together with the tinkering Latino. Whenever they paired up in groups, somehow it had drawn the three of them together. When Leo was ready to face death, it had not been his closest and oldest friends he confided in, it had been them. It had always, all along, been them. Frank and Hazel and Leo. Something felt empty and shallow without the and Leo . Something was missing. He was missing. They were back in New Rome – Frank, Hazel, Reyna and the other Romans. While everyone was trying to sort themselves out, Frank and Hazel had moving plans. The praetors didn't live with the regular Cohorts and Hazel would be damned if she'd let herself be separated from Frank. "Reyna?", asked Hazel softly as she and Frank were carrying their things. The daughter of Bellona seemed distracted. Had been ever since they had been reunited. She was lighter, like years of agony had been taken off her shoulders. Hazel knew it had something to do with her brother and with what the two of them had shared on their own quest. It made Hazel happy, to know two people she valued so much had formed such a strong friendship. And yet, even with her new lightness, there seemed to be a darkness around here, like something was bothering her. "Yes?", acknowledged Reyna after a long moment, while patting Guido's flank in passing. The trusty pegasus was standing in the front-yard of the house, pushing his face against her arm. "Are you... really okay?", wanted Hazel to know. "I believe I will be", nodded Reyna with the faintest hint of a smile. "I believe we all will be." "Did you all go mushy while I was gone? Seriously, I go and die once and everybody turns sappy." The three Romans, upon entering the praetors' quarters, were startled so much, they actually dropped the boxes they were carrying. There, on the couch, sat a mildly annoyed looking Nico and next to him the one who had spoken – a happily grinning Leo. "Special delivery from Camp Half-Blood. Sorry it's so late, but I was on three days of bed-rest commissioned by my doctor", stated Nico casually, looking faintly amused. "W—What... H—How...?", stammered Frank stunned. "I told you I had a plan, Zhang", grinned Leo impishly. "What? You thought I'd go up and die just like that? You're not getting rid of me that easily, dude." "Appeared at camp shortly after you left. Or rather, fell out of the sky with Festus. Will and his cabin had to practically tie him to the bed – damn that Solace and his threats – to keep him from running off right away. After we both were released from the infirmary, he asked me for a favor. I figured after he died for us all, I could do that", explained Nico before yawning. "And while he explains everything else, I'll just be taking a nap, yeah guys?" Reyna passed him and patted his hair with a fond smile. Hazel had to smile herself when she noticed that he didn't even flinch at the contact. While her brother was drifting off to sleep and Reyna was continuing their intended task, she found herself wrapped into a bear-hug by Frank, together with a quite squished looking Latino. "Never do that again", ordered the son of Mars relieved, hugging them even tighter. "No more dying. Gonna try it", nodded Leo. "Now, if you'd stop suffocating me..." "But... what are you doing here? Just to tell us you're alright?", asked Hazel confused. "That and requesting your help. One more time", grinned the son of Hephaestus. "What can we do?", came the prompt question from Frank. "One more quest", whispered Leo softly. "I... have a promise to fulfill, but without Festus... I'd need a strong flyer. Preferably a dragon, actually. I have to pick up a... friend." "A friend, mh?", asked Hazel cautiously. "Dying puts things into perspective", shrugged Leo as he carefully handled the construct with the crystal. "She stole my first kiss. That was like the first positive reaction I ever got out of a girl. My brain short-circuited into lala-land, picturing the perfect future with her and all. But dying... I don't love her, not like that. I realized that. Should have beforehand, probably. After all, it's her curse. Not just the being stuck on an island thing, but that the guys send to her, well, that she falls in love with them and they don't fall in love with her. That they rather return to... the love they had left on the shore. She's still my friend though and I want to keep my promise. Can't keep it alone." Frank smiled and clasped one hand down onto Leo's shoulder. "You're not alone." "Besides, quests should be taken by three people", smiled Hazel gently. "Let's get going." /Nico&Reyna\ By the time Nico woke up, the three others were long gone. But Reyna was there, sitting on the couch next to him. When he sat up, he noticed a blanket thrown over him. He frowned a little. "Please don't do that", muttered the son of Hades. "I've been mother-hened by Will Solace for three days now. I'm glad I got away. I start feeling suffocated by all the attention." "Will Solace, mh?", repeated Reyna, with a nearly teasing note to her voice. "And please also don't do that", groaned Nico irritated. "Because I've been getting enough of that by Jason. He calls us... Solangelo. I think I'm offended by that alone, to be honest. Also, I think he's spending too much time at Aphrodite Cabin. Will's a friend, nothing more." "You say that with quite a lot of certainty", stated Reyna curiously. "He has a boyfriend . Name's Jake Mason", replied Nico, rolling his eyes. "He wasn't so concerned because he had some kind of crush on me, Reyna, but because he's... like me. And he remembered how it felt for him when he came to terms with... being gay." Reyna couldn't suppress the intake of breath. She had seen Nico's pain and memories, his feelings for Percy. He had admitted those feelings to Percy , but he had never used the word 'gay' before, like he was trying to avoid it. It made her smile proudly that he seemed to have settled. "So he tried to befriend you because he wanted to help you through everything? And it appears, his efforts weren't futile", said Reyna, leaning back some. "Not sure about that", muttered Nico and shook his head. "I just know that it's overwhelming to have all those people around me at all times. People who aren't bothered by my presence." "That's why you decided to bring Leo here? To flee?", asked Reyna, once again teasing. "Kind of", shrugged Nico and averted his eyes. "It's not like I don't appreciate Will's motherly way or caring, or Jason's urge to bond, but... You're more appreciated. You're calmer. I feel..." "Like we're connected?", ended Reyna with a small nod. "We did. During our quest. We shared things we never shared with anyone else. I am proud to call you my friend, Nico." "And I am honored to call you my friend, Reyna", replied Nico with a faint smile. "Which is why I'm here. To help you. When we... spoke about... those things, you said that love would wait for me somewhere, but that you were uncertain, because no demigod could ever make you happy, according to Aphrodite. The last few days of being stuck in the infirmary gave me a lot of time to think. And I... Just come with me, I have a surprise for you." "You only just shadow-traveled from one end of the US to the other", objected Reyna. "Oh, we can take the horses", dismissed Nico as he stood. "Horses?", repeated Reyna confused. "Plural?" "Well, Blackjack came here with you, didn't he?", asked Nico with a wicked grin. "I know he wouldn't mind helping. I even brought him doughnuts. You, take Guido and follow my lead." It had been a bit of a surprise to Reyna, but apparently Horse Friend didn't just apply to her and Guido. Percy's best horse buddy was more than just grateful to her for saving his life. When the two friends got outside to the garden, there were three horses standing. Guido, Blackjack and Arion. " Oh come on, be a good, little mare, BJ ", urged Arion, nudging Blackjack. " Don't call me 'BJ' and do not ever call me a mare! ", growled Blackjack, stepping away. Guido whined and stepped between them. " Knock it off, dude. Blacks got a mate already ." "Can... Can I tell you something, Nico?", asked Reyna softly, staring at the horses. "Isn't that our thing? Sharing?", grinned Nico playfully. "What's up?" A playful Nico, that had seemed so impossible only months ago. Reyna guessed that what friends he had made at Camp Half-Blood over the past days must already