PJatO || Apercy || PJatO || Apercy || The Trials of Apollo || Apercy || PJatO || Apercy || PJatO Title : The Trials of Apollo – How to Train Your Mortal God Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus / The Trials of Apollo Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, hetero Main Pairing : Apollo/Percy Side Pairings : Paul/Sally, Jake/Will, Nico/Jason (mentioned) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis Godly Character : Apollo Summary : All Percy wanted was a little peace and quiet after two wars. Not to teach a god how to be mortal, but here he stood – Apollo, mortal, in front of his door. And after dumping the now mortal god at Camp Half-Blood he thought he was done with the matter. Well, he – of course – thought wrong. How could anything in the gods' world go wrong without Percy having to be there to fix it, after all? At least this time he may get something out of it though... So, I've read the first excerpt of The Trials of Apollo and I instantly needed to write this. If you don't want to be spoilered at all, don't read this, or go and read Riordan's excerpt first. If you don't mind minor spoilers, read it! But consider THIS your spoiler-warning , so no complains! The Trials of Apollo How to Train Your Mortal God "You're such a traitor, Will Solace. You and all of camp!" Percy was glaring viciously at the blonde son of Apollo. But Will didn't even have the decency to look up from whatever it was he was doing at his desk. Percy growled, a dangerous sound. "Don't try to intimidate me, Percy Jackson", warned Will evenly. "I've managed to befriend Nico in the past months. You think if I broke down his walls, I'll be intimidated by you ? You know how he is when he doesn't want something or someone in his life." Percy's glare turned just a tiny bit into a pout. "You could at least be sorry!" That earned him Will's full attention. The blonde turned around to stare gravely at Percy, not even blinking. Then he stood, abruptly, and grabbed Percy's arm to pull him along. Not knowing where they were going, Percy allowed himself to be dragged off by the agitated blonde. Not that Percy let that get to him. If anyone, anyone really, had the right to be agitated, it was Percy. "Look at this, Percy. Look at this and tell me I have to be sorry", demanded Will. Frowning, Percy turned to the scene in front of him. Apollo – bandaged up and dressed in fresh, washed clothes – was cornering Jake Mason. The poor son of Hephaestus looked flustered and uncomfortable as he was being interrogated, by the looks of it. "You know, if you treat my baby boy badly, I will turn you into a plant", stated Apollo off-handedly. "I've done it before. Plenty of times. So I really hope you're not... pushing him to do things he doesn't want. Don't look at me so innocently! I know what you tinkerers are up to in bed. I've done enough of your siblings to know, you see. So don't get kinky with my poor, little Will if he doesn't like it. Though, well, he is my son, so I suppose..." Will growled and tightened his grip on Percy's wrist. "Ever since you brought him and this girl here, he has been on it! He's been fussy and asked personal questions about our lives! Kayla and Austin are officially hiding in the Aphrodite Cabin to avoid him. I'm not sure if he's trying to be a father now that he's stuck here, but he's driving us completely insane. Because he doesn't just ask, he also overshares! I do not want to hear details about my father's sex-life throughout the centuries! And if he's not either asking about our sex-life or talking about his, he starts writing haikus! He claims that it's so much harder to concentrate now that he's human and if I ever hear a haiku again, I may strangle someone! And this morning, he started cornering Jake, asking him if he's treating me right and all this embarrassing stuff! And he's not just telling him that, he also has to overshare again . He keeps giving Jake tips what I may like, since I'm his son. It's gross and disgusting and I don't even want to try anything in bed after my dad suggested it! Eww! And when he's not busy with that, he's hitting on campers! He already flirted with half the Aphrodite cabin and with Nico ! Nico nearly re-broke dad's nose for it before he took off to the underworld, muttering about jerky godly douchbags. It took me so long to coax that stubborn bastard out of the underworld to begin with. It's like all my hard work and effort just went to waste because my father is hitting on everyone! Not to mention that Jason IMed me in the aftermath, threatening that if my dad comes close his boyfriend again, then Apollo will not just be a former god but also a former mortal. I have a dozen different headaches caused by my dad and I am going to strangle him myself if he stays one day longer. He needs to leave. He just needs to. He's staying in my cabin, he's always in my infirmary and now he's all over my friends and my boyfriend. I can't... I physically and mentally can't , Percy." Will paused to take a breath and turn nearly pleading eyes on Percy. "Please. I wanted to send him to New Rome, but that won't work now that he made Jason mad. I doubt he'd live a single day, even though I thought that being forced to be with the strict Romans and their regime would be a good punishment for driving us insane. Please, Percy. He came to you . He didn't venture to camp on his own or call in a favor with some god. He walked the streets of New York to find you. That has to mean something, right? Yes, it does. It means mortal Apollo is your responsibility." Percy groaned annoyed. He had somehow known that something like this would happen when he had opened the door not even a week ago to find a mortal Apollo standing in front of it, asking for Percy's help because he got into trouble with his dad. Still, when Percy turned toward the stuttering and blushing Jake, he did feel kind of bad. For a moment, he tried to imagine being in Will's situation. Having his dad literally sleep in a bunk-bed with him and hang out everywhere Percy would be. Okay, with Poseidon that part would probably be cool. But having his dad hit on his friends and interrogate his lover? Well, if Percy had a lover. Annabeth had left for college a couple months ago and they had broken it off for good, which was for the better. "Okay, fine", sighed Percy in defeat. "Apollo can stay at my place. What about the girl?" "Meg? She's still in the infirmary. She can stay here", huffed Will, glaring at Apollo. " He can't." Well, at least Percy wouldn't have to take in a complete stranger then. Only a mortal god. Sighing again, Percy went to approach Apollo and Jake, who were talking about sex-toys. Or, well, Apollo was recommending them while Jake looked as though he wished the Earth would swallow him whole. Percy threw another side-ways glance at the annoyed son of Apollo next to him. "You owe me for this", whispered Percy softly. "You owe me big times." "Whatever you want, Jackson, it is yours!", hissed Will. "You can have my firstborn, for all I care, I just need to get my dad out of this camp! Right now would be preferable!" Sighing yet again, Percy straightened and put on a slightly forced smile as they came to stand in front of Jake and Apollo. "Hey. So... We came to the agreement that maybe camp isn't the best place to be for you, Apollo. You're going to stay with me for a while." There was a way too naughty grin on Apollo's lips as he turned toward the son of Poseidon. "Ah, Percy. I knew you adored me. I was so wounded when you just up and dumped me here. It's so sweet that you took the time to set everything for me then!" Will stared a little dumbfounded at his father as Apollo just threw an arm around Percy's neck and grinned. Something was off. Apollo had spend more than half his time at camp flirting with people, but something in his eyes looked more honest. Like honest relief, as though Apollo was genuinely happy that Percy had returned for him. Oh gods. His dad had a crush on Percy Jackson. "You alright, Will?", asked Jake softly as he hid behind his boyfriend. "You're kind of green..." Will shook it off, because he only had two options here. Either let his dad live with Percy, who Apollo apparently wanted to screw, or keep Apollo here and endure him himself. "I wrote you a haiku, you know", chimed Apollo with a grin, still looking at Percy. "You can read it to Percy on the way back to Percy's place!", exclaimed Will hastily. Sometimes, they had to make sacrifices for the greater good. In this case, Percy was going to be the sacrifice to keep all of Apollo Cabin safe and sane. Percy was a hero, he would understand. /break\ Apollo sat at the kitchen table in the Jackson-Blofis-household. He didn't really know why though. Paul and Sally had pulled Percy aside into the living room to talk about the matter in private. The apartment was not that big and their voices were not that silent or calm. "After everything the gods put you through?", asked Paul, voice an angry rumble. "After everything the gods put your mother through? No. No, you said you were done with this." "He's technically not a god anymore", argued Percy weakly. "Don't get cheeky, Percy. You know what he means", sighed Sally, sounding tired. "Look...", started Percy and paused to gather his words. "Right now, he's not that different from me. And I don't mean the whole mortality-thing. Zeus just screwed his life over, much like Hera did. He's defenseless, all on his own, got ripped away from his home and the people he cares about on Olympus. He has no one. Much like I did when Hera took me, mom. I just..." "You just want to help", sighed Sally in defeat. "I know you do. Your heart is too big." Apollo had to grin at that. That sounded like a victory to him. Moments later and the family entered the kitchen again. Paul still looked grumpy and glared at him, while Sally offered an apologetic smile and Percy looked somewhat torn between pleased and uncomfortable. "Well, you can stay", declared Percy after a moment. Apollo smiled his most charming smile and kissed Sally's hand. "Thank you for your hospitality. I hope I won't overstay my welcome then and that we find a solution to this soon." Sally smiled, feeling a little charmed by Apollo. Of course she would. Out of all the gods, Apollo was the most charming one. He had always been. He heavily suspected that the main reason why his father enjoyed punishing