PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || King of the Forest || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : King of the Forest – In Search for his Queen Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; fantasy AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, mating, magic/shapeshifters, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, rimming, knotting, mpreg, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Luke/Octavian, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jason/Reyna, Jake/Will, Charles/Silena, Chris/Clarisse Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Charles Beckendorf, Silena Beauregard, Chris Rodriguez, Clarisse la Rue, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Thalia Grace, Annabeth Chase Own Characters : Bianca Maria di Angelo, Hades Poseidon di Angelo, Sedanur Aykan Summary : Nico is a deer-shifter and he is the new ruler of his forest after his big sister and a large part of their herd die in a fire. He and his remaining herd-members leave to track down all stray deers of the forest. Percy, a submissive male deer-shifter, is just looking for a place called home and after many misadventures, he runs into Nico and his herd. He's just passing through, or so he assures them. They agree to travel together for a while, out of convenience, because there was safety in numbers. Convenience turns into friendship and all too soon into courtship. This was a birthday request from I love you - Flower . Happy birthday and I hope it turned out the way you wanted it! ^o^ King of the Forest In Search for his Queen Nico was the king of the forest. He was a tall and proud stag, his fur black as the night and his antlers silver and mighty. He wasn't supposed to be the king of the forest though. He was too young, too inexperienced. Yet his father had passed away and his older sister had been in a terrible forest fire. Many of their herd had been lost. The main herd, the herd around their mighty King Hades and then his successor Queen Bianca. Aside from Nico, only three others remained. The friends who had helped him fight off the hunters. Will, Cecil and Lou. The beautiful meadow they called home was gone, only brown earth and crispy plants remained where once was so much beauty. "There's... nothing left for us", whispered Lou mournfully, looking around. "What are we supposed to do now?", asked Cecil and turned to look at Nico questioningly. "Why are you looking at me?", grunted Nico uncomfortably, shifting. "You're the king now", stated Will casually, raising one eyebrow. "And even though we may only be a small herd at the moment, you are still our leader. What are we doing next?" Nico frowned doubtfully, eyes unfocused. "There's a small herd at the farthest end of the forest. My younger half-sister Hazel, she lives there with friends. I guess it's time to round up the scattered sub-herds of my forest and find a place to settle down together. Unite the Great Undergrove Forest to its former glory once again. What my father had always dreamed of." "A good plan, my king", smiled Will and nudged Nico fondly. /break\ For many days, the four young shifters traveled alone. The Great Undergrove Forest was the greatest magical forest known to mankind – or rather, not known to mankind. Throughout history, it was probably best known as the Enchanted Forest, the place of magic. Where shapeshifters, fairies, dragons and dwarves lived. In the old days, it used to be inhabited by humans too. Princes and princesses, heroes and peasants. Yet humans stopped believing in magic long ago. Nowadays, humans only trespassed into the Great Undergrove Forest to try and destroy it, as they did with every other forest too. To hunt and salvage. Magic was scattered too. Once upon a time, there was one strong herd, nowadays there were scattered smaller herds in the farthest outreaches of the forest. Nico had heard stories that some magical creatures had been chased out of the forest, living in different parts of the world these days. Nico couldn't imagine that. Living away from the magical community. They relied on the fairies and dwarves, on the nymphs in the ponds and rivers. Having to live in a non-magical world must be incredibly difficult and even though their task at hand and the tragedy Nico and his friends had suffered, he was still glad they had their forest. His forest. He was now the king, at least to his own kind. Every race had its own structure, after all. "So. You think there's gonna be some cute does in your sister's herd?", asked Cecil casually. "Hopefully so", hummed Nico thoughtful as they were resting at a river. "Yeah, our king here still needs a queen, after all", snickered Lou and nudged Nico. Nico heaved a sigh and returned his attention back to grooming his silken fur. He was not exactly interested in finding a mate. Not yet anyway. He was more interested in finding a herd. He knew that Hazel and some others were living farther off, perhaps they had a good place to start over? Nico was looking for a place that would be safe for them, that would be a good home for his new herd. He could still worry about a mate later on, once they were settled down. His father had been preaching to him about it from a young age, that as a prince, he had to find the finest doe there was. He had always brushed that off, thinking his older sister was still there to take over as queen, after all. Now both of them were gone and he was all alone and mate-less too. /break\ It was a few days later that their group of four grew to a group of six. They ran into two orphaned deers, two brothers. The older, dominant stag Jake and his younger, submissive and very hyperactive brother Leo. The two were ecstatic to finally be part of a herd again. They had lost their parents to hunters when they both had been small and even though they had been wandering the Great Undergrove Forest for years, they had never encountered another herd. Most likely since the small divided herds had rather clear territories. Leo was submissive, just like Will, which gave the two of them a special way of bonding. Though Will had quite the hard time controlling the hyperactive ball of energy known as Leo, he still grew very fond of the younger shifter. And Nico enjoyed watching the two of them. There was a special kind of tenderness that only a submissive could provide and since the death of his own mother, Nico hadn't quite experienced it. Not like this. Sure, he had been friends with Will before – one of many in the herd. But now that they were such a small herd, such a small family really, their dynamics shifted and they all grew closer, taking more care of each other. Where they normally just played and explored the forest together, they now had to provide for each other, find shelter, tend to each other's wounds. And seeing the way Will and Leo handled those things did stir something in Nico. It made him long for a submissive of his own, especially when Jake started awkwardly courting Will – drawn in not just by Will's beauty and personality but also the way Will took care of Jake's little brother. It was heartwarming. Nico wanted a submissive of his own. He wanted what Jake and Will were so carefully forming at the moment. It was so delicate at the moment and so fresh and precious. Nico wanted that too. He wanted his own submissive to cherish, protect and love. A queen at his side. Among shifters, there were four kind – dominant males, dominant females, submissive males and submissive females. Dominant males, such as Nico or Jake, were regular-looking male stags with broad, large antlers, while submissive females looked like a standard doe. Dominant females however were females with antlers; smaller than a male's, but still there and strong as a sign of their dominance. And submissive stags had thinner antlers, more filigree and adored by beautiful gems unlike a dominant's antlers. It was why submissive stags were actually rather rare, because humans had hunted them down for their valuable antlers for centuries. It had taken centuries to repopulate and Hades had always been very proud and cherished Will. Nico's father had once suggested Will as a mate for Nico, though there was no way that would ever work. Will was very much like Bianca; he was like the nagging big sister and there would never be romantic feelings between the two best friends. Once Hades came to accept that, he had started pushing Nico into going on a journey through the forest to find a submissive in another corner of the forest. Yet Nico had always put it off, not wishing to saunter around as the crown prince and have everyone bow and present their submissive off-springs to him. The thought disturbed him, actually. He didn't want to pick one after having them offered to him like it was an auction. He wanted to meet the perfect submissive and then he wanted to be a dashing hero to his doe and they'd instantly fall in love because the pretty doe would be impressed by Nico's heroics and they'd be mated happily ever after. "Can... we talk, my king?" Nico looked up from the arrow he was sharpening to see Jake. The dark-brown stag was actually also a rather handsome human. Tall and broad, with quite some strong muscles. Jake ruffled his hair embarrassed and looked at Nico reluctantly. Nico raised one eyebrow and nodded intrigued. "Sure. What about? And where are the others?", inquired Nico. "Will is making dinner and Leo, Cecil and Lou are playing hide and seek. When I question whether or not they're too old for that, they responded maturely by sticking their tongues out at me and running off", replied Jake and rolled his eyes. "I guess Leo is really glad to finally have others around his own age. Well, I guess he's just glad we have others around in general." "Most likely", agreed Nico vaguely, raising one eyebrow. "What did you want to talk about?" "Will", answered Jake and ducked his head a little. "It's just... He doesn't have family anymore, no parents... so... as the leader of his herd, you're kind of like the dominant responsible for him and I... want to do this the most proper way we can. I want to ask your permission in our mating." Nico looked a little startled at that and blinked a couple times. "For both our sakes, I'm not gonna answer that. I know it's been a while since you and your family were part of an actual herd, but it's rather out of fashion to ask permission. Submissives have the right to chose their own mates. And Will would so tear both our balls off if he'd hear you asking my permission and me giving it." "...Yeah, he would", agreed Jake after a thoughtful moment and grinned. "He got... fire." "Yeah, he does", confirmed Nico amused, before turning serious. "And you better treat him right." "O—Of course I will, my king", huffed Jake, looking borderline offended. "Good", chuckled Nico, patting Jake's back. "Good." "Jake, Nico! Are you coming for dinner? Because Will says otherwise you won't