PJatO || In3pendensome || PJatO || Three Times Two || PJatO || Frazeleo || PJatO Title : Three Times Two – The Slightly Different Rooming Arrangement Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, hetero, threesomes, fluff, hurt/comfort, dealing with the wars Main Pairing : Charles/Silena/Percy, Frank/Hazel/Leo Side Pairings : Charles/Silena (established), Frank/Hazel (established), Jake/Will (mentioned) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Silena Beauregard, Charles Beckendorf, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Jake Mason, Nyssa Black Summary : In a world where Charles and Silena lived, how would they have changed Leo's life? With the two overly protective parental figures, Leo doesn't really know how to approach Frank and Hazel though. And then there are Charles' and Silena's desires for the pretty yet oblivious Sea Prince. Once you throw all of them together into one apartment, disasters ensue. Three Times Two The Slightly Different Rooming Arrangement The apartment was rich. Literally so. Most likely because it was owned by the daughter of wealth. Not only by her, but her connection to riches had made it easier to find a nice, spacious apartment in New York. Nyssa smiled amused as she carried a box over to the room designated to be Leo's. Many things had changed in the past year, she mused. They had thought the Titan War had been rough. It had by far not been their hardest challenge. The thought of the Titan War made her shudder. She had nearly lost the two people that had been like parents to her ever since she had joined camp. Beckendorf, her oldest brother and the leader of the Hephaestus cabin, nearly had died during a quest with Percy Jackson. That had been the only time Percy's crush on Nico had actually proven to be useful, because the son of Poseidon had insisted that quests, any quest, should be taken by three demigods as it was intended and that they should take the shadow-traveling demigod with them in case something went wrong. Something went wrong. But Nico had found just enough energy to bring himself and Beckendorf to safety, albeit he couldn't transport them too far, but far enough to be out of harm's way. Silena Beauregard, girlfriend of Beckendorf and considered the mother of the Hephaestus cabin to complete Beckendorf's fatherly figure, would have died without Percy too. But with the aid of a little water, he had been able to use his healing powers on her and restore enough energy in the daughter of Aphrodite until the children of Apollo reached her and saved her life during the Battle of Manhattan. Nyssa knew of the couple's infatuation with Percy Jackson. It had been the reason Beckendorf had gone onto that mission to sabotage the Princess Andromeda to begin with. Because he didn't want Percy to go alone. Reaching Leo's room, she dumped the cardboard box next to the ones labeled as Percy's . Those two as roommates, she already saw the chaos it would cause. But she had seen that one coming. The Titan War had not been the last cruelty they had seen. The Giant War though had brought them something new, something valuable, something lovable. Short, it had brought them Leo Valdez, who in Nyssa's books was one of the most adorable things ever. The Latino was insecure and lonely, had been living on the streets all alone for too long. It had woken every motherly instinct in Silena and every protective big sibling instinct in Beckendorf, Jake and Nyssa. They had taken the boy under their wings and helped him through. Not that they were the only ones with a new sibling. Silena too got a younger sister to tend to. But Piper had soon become someone else's responsibility as she had started dating Annabeth Chase. Fighting the war was hard, adjusting to normal life after it had become a little harder even. Percy had met and befriended two Romans, Frank and Hazel, during his stay over there. That stay was, at least to Nyssa and Jake, better known as Charlena's Yearning (not that Beckendorf and Silena knew that they secretly called them that when talking about them, or that the two younger children of Hephaestus knew about the couple's feelings for Percy). Much to the dismay of the older children of Hephaestus, Leo had fallen head over heels in love with Frank and Hazel during the quest of the Seven. A horrible time where Beckendorf and Silena were worried out of their minds, not just for the Sea Prince they loved, but also for the younger siblings they had only just gained. Due to Leo's (albeit secret) feelings for Hazel and Frank and Percy's deep friendship, the rooming arrangements that Beckendorf and Silena had planned for months had needed some adapting. Beckendorf and Silena had wanted to move to New York, live as close to Percy as possible. Losing him to Hera and then losing him to Tartarus, they would never let him go unsupervised again. They had wanted to move in together with Nyssa, Jake and Leo, because the four children of Hephaestus wanted to open a car shop together. Much to their surprise though, Silena and Charles, they had two pair of big, pleading eyes aimed their ways and two slightly embarrassed and maybe a little grumpy Romans. Percy didn't want to be alone again, but as Leo had explained that he wanted to move together with his three older siblings, Percy knew where he wanted to be, where he wanted to belong. Seeing as Piper and Annabeth were moving to San Francisco to be close to both their parents and Jason and Reyna had gone back to Camp Jupiter, Percy had begged to join them. With Percy also came Frank and Hazel. Nyssa knew why. Two reasons. One was because they really wanted to get into Leo's pants, like seriously. The other was that they had developed a sibling-like protectiveness over Percy. The trio rescuing Thanatos, then attending the quest of the Seven, they had grown close. And Frank and Hazel knew of the impure intentions Charles and Silena had toward Percy. On the same note, Charles and Silena also knew of the impure intentions Frank and Hazel had toward Leo. Ironically, both couples sabotaged each other as best as possible, each trying to protect their charge from heartbreak when, really, all of them could live happily ever after if they wouldn't be that stubborn. Now Nyssa and Jake were stuck living with six love-sick people. If Charles and Silena would have had a say in it, they wouldn't have allowed Frank and Hazel to move in. But they couldn't deny Percy when the Sea Prince turned those wide, begging sea-green eyes on them. And Hazel had made the whole finding a car shop with a loft above that was spacious enough for now eight people way easier due to her Pluto powers. Ever since her curse was broken, she had access to riches without anyone dying. With that kind of money, it was easy to find a place. "Thank you, Nys", chimed Leo as he passed his sister and kissed her cheek. "Yeah, yeah", huffed the daughter of Hephaestus and ruffled his hair. "It would be easier to say no to you if you weren't that adorable. Damn you." "I think this is going to be pretty awesome", hummed Percy as he followed his roommate. He wrapped one arm around Leo's shoulders, grinning broadly. This was going to be torturous, Nyssa knew it. Rolling her eyes at them, she left their room again to get back to her own which she was sharing with Jake. She had been sharing a cabin with him and their other siblings for long enough, it had been kind of weird to sleep in a room all alone at first anyway. /break\ Silena hummed softly as she stood at the stove and finished breakfast. Blueberry pancakes, especially for Percy. A delighted grin spread over her face and lit her eyes up as she thought of the pretty Sea Prince. She had been intrigued by him ever since they had retrieved Festus together – Percy, Silena, Charlie and Annabeth, that is. Percy had such a big heart, such a bright smile and he was such a cute thing. Silena knew she needed to have him. But she kept silent about it, because she already had Charlie and she couldn't expect to get both of them. After the quest where Charlie accompanied the two sons of the Big Three to the Princess Andromeda though, Charlie confessed to her that he was very much in love with Percy too. The two of them had planned in great details how to make Percy Jackson theirs, but the titans had demanded their full attention. And after the war, Percy hadn't been ready yet to get romantically involved. They wanted to give him some time to get settled again, to cope with the losses and the pain the war had put him through. So they had changed their plans. Silena had planned a sweet, romantic Christmas dinner, just for the three of them and as a personal Christmas present for Silena and Charlie, they wanted to unpack the Sea Prince. But as fate had deemed it, Percy got abducted by Hera before Christmas. Then came the Giant War. Now that this war too was over, they were even more determined than ever to claim Percy and make him theirs. There was just one problem. Well, two problems. Namely, Frank and Hazel. The Roman couple had caught on and they did not like the notion of two 'strangers' 'suddenly' invading their friend's life. They had only met after the war was over and to them, Charlie and Silena did not belong to Percy's and Leo's lives. Silena snorted annoyed at that. A couple of weeks with Percy didn't give them any right to be so protective over the Sea Prince. Then again, it also somehow made her happy that Percy had fought this war with friends so determined to protect him. It still annoyed her that Frank and Hazel butted in on every occasion where Charlie and Silena tried to make a move. But payback was a bitch and Charlie and Silena made sure to never leave their adorable firebug alone with Frank and Hazel. She was a daughter of Aphrodite, she could sense the dirty, dirty intentions they were having with her baby. He wasn't hers, she knew that. But being Charlie's girlfriend had made her feel responsible for the younger Hephaestus children, especially the lonely, cute Latino. He was too pure and innocent to be corrupted by those Romans. So now her and Charlie were dancing an awkward dance with Frank and Hazel, each couple trying to come close to one of the two cute Greeks while simultaneously trying to protect the other cute Greek from the other couple. It gave her and probably everyone involved a headache. "Good morning, Silly", grinned a soft voice from behind her. "Morning Jake, Nyssa." Turning some, she looked at the brightly smiling Sea Prince. Percy was only wearing his blue boxer-shorts with the little Flounders and the logo of Disney's The Little Mermaid . They were cute and they fit Percy's happy and carefree nature. And they showed off all the... well, all the Percy, in lack of a better word. A bright blush lit up Silena's face as she checked the Sea Prince out. Percy wasn't the cute little boy she had first met, he was strong and lean,