PJatO || LittleBigThreesome || Between Heaven and Hell || LittleBigThreesome || PJatO Title : Between Heaven and Hell – Lays the Ocean Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; angel/devil AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, threesome, explicit intercourse, anal, double penetration, heat, mpreg (suggested), interspecies relationship, supernatural, mating Main Pairing : Nico/Jason/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Jason Grace Summary : Nico is a demon in love with an angel. Jason is an angel in love with a demon. The two sneak out of their respective homes to meet each other on neutral grounds; an uninhabited island on Earth. What they don't know is that Percy the merboy is secretly watching them... Between Heaven and Hell Lays the Ocean Percy felt like the biggest pervert on the planet and beyond. But it hadn't started out like that. It had all started one day, when he had tried to get away from the palace and the nagging of his parents and siblings. He just wanted some time to himself and since merpeople generally tried to avoid the shore, Percy chose some random little island where no human was living. It was his safe haven, because he was not just Percy, he was Prince Perseus of Atlantis, heir to the underwater throne of King Poseidon. Or one of the heirs anyway. It was so exhausting to be a member of the royal family. Sometimes he wished he was just some random merboy, free to roam the sea all day long without responsibilities. As things were, Percy was the prince and had the responsibility. So he tried to escape to his little piece of paradise. He loved the island, it had a lagoon in the center of it where Percy could just bask in the sunlight and enjoy the waterfall. But that particular day however, Percy wasn't the only one on the island. That day, Percy saw the two most enchanting and handsome beings he had ever laid eyes on and they were in such a gorgeous contrast. One of them had pitch-black curls and dark eyes, skin a pale olive-color and mighty black leather-wings sprouting from his back, the other with messy blonde hair and sparkling bright blue eyes, skin sun-kissed and wings fluffy feathered and white. Both were gorgeous and looked so enchanting as they moved together. Percy had never seen a creature like either of them, but as the black-winged one thrust hard and sharp and the white-winged one arched his back in want, Percy found himself reminded of the yin and yang symbol. Two opposites like them, synchronized so well and looking so well-balanced. Percy couldn't help but watch their curious mating. If he was being honest, he had been wondering how those with legs mated. Now he knew how those with wings did it. It was oddly enough quite the turn-on and for a while, Percy freaked out about it. Being drawn to those strange creatures, so much unlike his own kind. When it became a frequent occurrence however, Percy started to get used to it. He started to accept that he was enchanted by the wings and legs and butts. The angel and demon – as he soon learned – seemed to like Percy's island as their mating ground. The first time Percy caught a good look at their cocks, he was a goner. They were so think and long and different from a merman's. After about a week of secretly watching their passionate and rough mating, he finally learned their names. The angel was called Jason and the demon's name was Nico and they were both just so... Percy had no words for it. They were more than just handsome and exotic. They seemed kind and funny too, whenever they were busy with their post coital cuddling. And that was the moment Percy didn't just feel like a perv, he also felt like a stalker and creep. Well, more like a creep than he had before, anyway. He needed to stop visiting the island. He needed to. /break\ Sneaking around felt like being hit by electricity, or at least it did to Nico. Ironically, his angel felt like he burned his hands on something too hot. Nico liked to joke that he was that 'something too hot'. Jason usually just rolled his eyes and hit Nico for that joke. Not that Nico minded. Teasing his angel was half the fun, after all. And maybe part of the fun was also that theirs was a forbidden love. A demon and an angel. That was not supposed to happen. They shouldn't even talk to each other, much less fuck each other's brains out. The first time they met had been during a car accident. Many people died, some good and some bad. Nico had come to drag the bad ones down to hell and Jason had come to welcome the good ones in heaven. They had bickered and fought about one soul in particular and shove came to push and push came to kiss, somehow. Both went back home and tried to forget about that mess, until they ran into each other again during a fire in an apartment building. This time, kissing turned into making out. Nico couldn't forget his angel with the golden-blonde hair and those soft, fluffy wings. They met up, in secret, to make out more. At first, it was pure sexual attraction. They fucked and it was amazing. Having sex with an angel was so different from sex with a demon and Nico thoroughly enjoyed it. The only problem was finding a place where they could have sex without anyone noticing. Away from prying eyes. And prying eyes were where humans were, because both demons and angels monitored them. They found a little island, abandoned by mankind. It had a beautiful lagoon in the center of it and that was the kind of view with which Nico liked to fuck. It was absolutely perfect for them. Only about two weeks after they started going there did they notice that their little safe haven had more than just greenery and a lagoon. It was right after sex, Jason had collapsed against Nico in total exhaustion after having ridden the demon for his very last drop of cum. The fluffy white wings of his angel were tenderly caressing Nico's skin as they spread out like a blanket, while the couple was laying on Nico's leather-wings to keep the sand away from them. "Did you hear that, Nick?", whispered Jason concerned while nibbling Nico's ear. Frowning, Nico followed Jason's line of sight. The angel was staring over at the waterfall. Squinting a bit, Nico was pretty sure he could make out a shape behind the water. Nico stiffened protectively, trying to shield his mate from possible harm. And that was where their problems came in, because Jason was an angel – guardians – he was pretty much into the protecting himself. Glaring at Nico, Jason shoved past him rather roughly. Before Jason could advance onto the stranger, Nico held him back. Again with the glaring, but Nico just pressed a finger against his lips, motioning around a little. It took a few moments before Jason got it. They made a show of getting dressed and leaving the island, only that they didn't actually leave . They hid in the trees, watching from above. "Oh my clouds, what...", started Jason before stumbling over his words. "What is he?" "Gorgeous", supplied Nico curiously, tilting his head. "I meant what race", grunted Jason annoyed, not disagreeing with Nico though. Beneath them, a blue creature emerged from behind the waterfall. Distinctively male, but without legs. Instead, he had a long, sleek tail with frilly pretty fins. He had black hair and eyes so brightly sea-green that Nico and Jason could even make them out from this distance. /break\ Jason loved Nico. Jason loved a demon. And as much as it had tortured him in the beginning, Jason had grown to accept his feelings. Nico was so different from all the angels Jason normally had contact with. Nico was a bad boy, a demon with a wicked dark sense of humor. That aside, the sex was incredible. Like, really ridiculously incredible. They had their own island, even. Their own safe haven, where they could flee to when heaven and hell became too much. Whenever one of them needed peace, he'd go there and somehow, he could always be sure the other would soon follow. That had also been a realization that frightened Jason at first. Nico was more than just a good fuck; Jason had actually bonded with him. And Nico, in return, had bonded with him. They were mates. It wasn't like they could read each other's mind or that they could constantly tune into the emotions of each other. That would be insanely creepy, but when distressed, one gave off a kind of vibe that their mate could feel. Apart from their distress and annoyance, there was another feeling they seemed to share. Sexual attraction toward the cute merboy in their lagoon. The very cute little merboy in their lagoon. It had taken them two weeks to even notice the blue little creature. It took them a couple more days to figure out the beautiful creature was in fact a merboy, thanks to an angel friend of Jason's who was a bookworm and knew basically everything ever. Merpeople, as they learned, were living in the sea and were actually quite dangerous. They lured humans into their death by singing, apparently their voices and beauty were enchanting and causing sailors to crash their ships into rocks. The beauty part, Jason could totally believe. But he had yet to hear the merboy's voice. Jason and Nico had contemplated approaching the apparently shy creature, but then the warning came back to their minds – merpeople were dangerous. So far, the merboy hadn't done anything to them though. Well, apart from spying on them. It didn't take the couple too long to figure out that the little merboy didn't plan on killing them, he was too busy spying on them. The little merboy was a voyeur. He wasn't just hiding from them because he was afraid, or because he was spying on the foreigners, he was jerking off to them. Something Jason's superior hearing had noticed about four weeks into the couple coming to the island. Very soft moans, hidden well behind the loud roars of the waterfall. At first, Jason had been a little lost as to what they were supposed to do with this information. He talked to Nico about it and they contemplated their options. "Hello, mio angelo", purred Nico as Jason landed on their island. "Hey there, demon mine", hummed Jason with a smirk, landing on Nico's lap. He wrapped his arms around Nico's shoulders and pulled the demon into a deep kiss. As they parted, the demon turned them over so both of them were laying on the ground. "We gonna give our little merboy a good show today?", inquired Nico mischievously. Yeah, that was what they had agreed on in the end. Something was ridiculously hot about knowing that the beautiful merboy watched them fuck just to jerk off himself. And something was seriously wrong about that. Jason smirked as he started shedding his own robes. "I talked to Piper about this...", started Jason slowly. "About us?", inquired Nico looking a little startled. "No, the whole...the whole blue situation", whispered Jason and rolled his eyes. "I just asked very... generally, you know. Why would