PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Ice Prince of Helheim || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Ice Prince of Helheim – Percico Positivity Project Day IV Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; during "Blood of Olympus" Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, possessiveness, hurt/comfort, parallel worlds Main Pairing : Nico/Percy (AU) & Nico/Percy (canon) Side Pairings : Piper/Annabeth (AU), Reyna/Annabeth, Percy/Annabeth (to be past), Jason/Piper, Frank/Hazel Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Annabeth Chase, Nico di Angelo, Jason Grace, Leo Valdez, Piper McLean, Frank Zhang, Hazel Levesque, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano Alternate Percy Jackson Characters: Perseus Jackson (Njörd), Nico di Angelo (Hel), Jason Grace (Thor), Leo Valdez (Loki), Annabeth Chase (Odin), Piper McLean (Freyja), Hazel Levesque (Njörd), Frank Zhang (Tyr), Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano (Baduhenna) Summary : For the Percico Positivity Project – so there's not just Percico but also some Nicercy in this. ;) This is for today's fill – PJO World clash with AU World . Nico di Angelo, son of Hel and leader of the nine, did not quite understand how their quest had led them into a world where everything was upside-down. He and his friends were children of Greek gods and their relationships seemed all over the place. They're aware of Greek gods; Annabeth's cousin Magnus is a son of Apollo, after all, but they never expected a world where they're not children of the Norse gods and where Nico isn't dating his beautiful son of Njörd, Perseus Jackson. The Ice Prince of Helheim Percico Positivity Project Day IV "What in the world is that...?", whispered Leo stunned as he stared ahead. "I would say a flying ship, but... honestly, I thought this was the only flying ship there is", stated Piper doubtfully. "Maybe we should ready our weapons..." They had only just gathered Percy and Annabeth after freeing them from Tartarus and all nine of them were on board of the Argo II together for the first time – the chosen seven, the praetor Reyna and Nico di Angelo. Each of them looked weary as a mighty Viking ship seemed to approach them. "Are... those... us?", whispered Percy doubtfully. There, alined at the flank of the ship in nearly the same positions as them, were their mirror-images. They didn't look completely like them, there were certain differences so they weren't a mirage, but it was still eerie and confusing. The other Percy screwed up his face and cursed. "Well fuck, I think we took a wrong turn", grunted that other Percy. "Who – or what – are you?", countered their Percy, Riptide raised high. The crew of the Argo II watched doubtfully how a well-trained and confident-looking version of Nico stepped up beside that Percy, resting a hand on Percy's lower back and regarding them with a cold glare. "I am Nico di Angelo, son of Hel and Ice Prince of Helheim. This is my crew and we... must have taken a wrong turn on the Bifrost to cross into this alternate realm." "Alternate realm?", echoed Annabeth confused. "Wait. Helheim? Like... in the Norse myths?" "Yes. We're Norse demigods. And what might you be?", asked Norse Nico. "We're... Greek demigods", replied Annabeth reluctantly, frowning. The Norse demigods exchanged a confused look at that before their Annabeth turned to face her doppelganger. "What a... strange concept. We know about Greeks, my cousin Magnus is a son of Apollo, but... I never... between all the realms we've traveled, I never expected to encounter one where we would be Greeks. I'd love to hear more about this, if you don't mind." Annabeth turned eager eyes on Percy, filled with curiosity and hunger for knowledge and of course Percy couldn't deny his girlfriend's request. That aside, they were all tired and exhausted after the ordeal. They had just fought a vicious battle, Percy and Annabeth were still hurt and weakened from their trip to Tartarus, while Reyna was still distraught from having lost Scipio. "We could... take a small break, right?", asked Percy into the round of his crew. "A bonfire, food and swapping stories? One evening taking off to recharge sounds awesome!", exclaimed Leo excitedly, eying his mirror-image. /break\ "Nico di Angelo, son of Hades, god of death and king of the underworld. They call me the Ghost King." Hands were shaken, both hands cold and olive-skinned. "Nico di Angelo, son of Hel, goddess of death and queen of Helheim. They call me the Ice Prince." "Perseus Jackson, son of Poseidon, god of the sea. But I prefer Percy." Grins were exchanged as two pair of sea-green eyes looked each other up and down. "Perseus Jackson, son of Njörd, god of the sea. Please don't ever call me Percy, that's just weird." "Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena, goddess of knowledge and war." Two set of calculating stormy eyes – one pair more gray and one more blue – looking critically at each other. "Annabeth Chase, daughter of Odin, god of knowledge and war." "Jason Grace, son of Jupiter, god of thunder and lightning." The matching grins on their faces pulled on the mirrored scar they both had. "Jason Grace, son of Thor, god of thunder and lightning." "Piper McLean, daughter of Aphrodite, goddess of beauty and love." A tomboyish rebel and a warrior princess tilted their heads in a mirroring way. "Piper McLean, daughter of Freyja, goddess of beauty and love. I'm also one of my mother's Valkyries." "Leo Valdez, son of Hephaestus, god of blacksmiths oh and I got fire, which is like totally rare for my siblings." Two impish, mischievous Latinos circled each other, each letting a flame dance around one hand. "Leo Valdez, son of Loki, trickster god and god of fire." "Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto, god of wealth. Well, also death but that is more the realm of my half-brother Nico." The two dark-skinned beauties exchanged pleasant smiles as they shook hands. "Hazel Levesque, daughter of Njörd, god of wealth. Well, also the sea, but that is more the realm of my half-brother Perseus." "Frank Zhang, son of Mars, god of war." The two buff Asian boys looked awkward and curious at the same time. "Frank Zhang, son of Tyr, god of war and the sky." "Reyna, daughter of Bellona, minor goddess of war." Both beautiful Latinas were looking at each other carefully. "Reyna, daughter of Baduhenna, minor goddess of war." Nico couldn't quite wrap his head around the concept. Perseus' beloved and cherished baby (half-)sister not being Perseus' but Nico's? The thought was interesting. Nico imagined what it would be like to have a sister again. His own full-blood sister Bianca had joined the Valkyries and he rarely got to see her since then, for she spent most her time in Valhalla. "They are a strange bunch", whispered Perseus as he sat down close to Nico. Nico hummed in agreement, laying one arm around his lover's waist to pull him closer. Perseus hummed back, a pleased grin on his lips as he threw his legs over Nico's and rested his head against Nico's shoulder. Cold fingers started carding through Perseus' hair. It became eerily silent. "...Something the matter?", inquired Norse Nico with a frown. Greek Nico looked mortified, hurt and confused as he watched them, which was very confusing for Norse Nico. Greek Percy looked flustered and very confused as he sputtered a few times. "What's going on over there?", asked Greek Leo bluntly. "We're... dating. A concept that shouldn't be too new to you, since your crew seems to be paired up like it's Noah's Ark and not a ship on the way to a major war, as your Annabeth explained it", replied Norse Nico, with just an edge of jealousy, tightening his grip on Perseus. "You're gonna break my hip with your possessiveness, Ice Prince", whispered Norse Perseus amused before turning toward the Greeks with a tilted head. "Never seen a gay couple before?" "...Actually... kind of... not?", offered Greek Leo with a deep frown. "For all the gay escapades in the myths, there's like a distinctive lack of gayness at our camp." Camp Half-Blood, the Greek camp. What a... strange name choice, if Nico had to be honest. Weren't they all half-bloods? Greek, Roman, Norse. All co-existed in all parallel realms, all gods knew about each other's existence, yet the Greeks seemed to think themselves quite special. No, Nico preferred Camp Midgard, he absentmindedly ran a finger over the camp logo on his green shirt. "What is going on on your ship though?", asked Norse Piper seriously. "I mean, I'm the daughter of love, I can sense the relationships. Annabeth and Perseus. Jason and other me. Frank and Hazel. You said you were only seven on your ship, yet you managed to nearly pair everyone up...? That seems mighty... convenient. I'm not judging, you can't chose who you fall in love with, yet that your prophecy called forth for seven people and six of them happen to be couples...?" "Yes, I know. Half the time it feels as though our story is being written by Aphrodite herself", sighed Roman Reyna pointedly. "Somehow, the love drama managed to force itself between matters so much more important than relationships during those times of war..." "No kidding. Even Gaia seems to ship us", muttered Greek Percy doubtfully. "Keeps going on about wanting my blood and Annabeth's blood, like just because we're a couple, we'd mean more." "Practically speaking, I think if I were your enemy, I would try to get Roman and Greek blood", mused Norse Annabeth with a calculating look. "I also fail to grasp the concept of having a prophecy of seven yet having nine demigods being essential. You told us about your quest and about what you plan on doing next, sending Reyna and Nico off with the equally important mission of bringing peace to Romans and Greeks and uniting them." "Prophecies aren't perfect?", offered Greek Piper with a shrug. "What about you though? We told you about our war and our mission. What exactly... is your ship? Why do you not seem fazed that you encountered, uh, yourselves?" "Our ship is the Lady of the Nine Realms ", replied Norse Frank proudly. "And, well, as the son of Tyr, I'm kind of its captain. The sky is my realm, after all. She is made of a thick branch of Yggdrasil, the tree that binds all nine realms. That's why she can travel between them and fly." "We're aware of other parallel worlds", continued Norse Jason, loosening his grip on Norse Leo a bit from where he had been ruffling the Latino's hair. "You guys ever heard of Bifrost?" "Rainbow bridge, uniting your nine realms", confirmed Greek Leo, just to receive surprised looks. "What? I watched Marvel cartoons and I did pay attention, you know." "...Dad so doesn't like that one", muttered Norse Jason and wrinkled his nose. "Your dad doesn't like it? Mine suggested burning Marvel down for those comics", snorted Norse Leo with a wicked grin. "Turning the mighty Loki, blood-brother and equal of Odin, into some whiny little pansy with daddy-issues who's nothing more than Odin's charge. And don't get me started on grandma Laufey, she's blowing a gasket every time it's brought up because it misgendered her and turned her into the king of Frost Giants, like, what now?" "Father is not pleased with it either", pointed Norse Annabeth out. "Makes the great Odin look like all he does all day long is sit on his throne and not care about Midgardians at all, even though father spend so