PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || A Teacher's Life and Love || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : A Teacher's Life and Love – The Italian Substitute Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; high school AU PJatO Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, of course. They are all copyright by the old Greeks. This fanfiction on the other hand is entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Piper/Annabeth, Grover/Juniper, Chris/Clarisse, Charles/Silena, Jason/Reyna, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Luke/Octavian, Octavian/Percy (past) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Juniper, Grover Underwood, Silena Beauregard, Charles Beckendorf, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Rachel Elizabeth Dare Summary : Nico is the new guy at school and while trying to fit in, he also had to find a place to live at. A good thing the swimming coach's roommate happened to have moved out recently. The down side? Nico was really starting to crush on his colleague who kept walking around half naked in their apartment. And the rest of his new colleagues are driving the new Italian teacher crazy too. A Teacher's Life and Love The Italian Substitute Chapter 1: First Day of School Percy Jackson loved his job. It combined all the things he loved. He was working with his best friends, he could teach children – and he loved kids – and he was in the water basically all the time. Being the swim coach of the high school team and PE teacher rocked. The kids in his classes loved him, they basically worshiped him, which was a pretty neat feeling. Another plus was that he could use the school's pool whenever he wanted since he had the keys. So before classes, he liked to come in early with the first rays of the sun to take long, relaxing swims. Like right now. What he wasn't aware of was the man standing at the side of the pool. The very intrigued man. Olive skin shone bronze in the light of the slowly rising sun, dark curls a mess on his head, high cheekbones making him look quite charismatic. His black pants and vest were tight-fitted and so was the dark blue nearly black silken shirt, first three buttons open, giving a free view of his collar and more of that amazing olive skin. That was the image Percy took in once he surfaced. "Pervert!", was the first thing out of Percy's mouth as he stared at the other. "Who are you and why are you just standing there, lurking in the shadows and undressing me with your eyes!" "There is not much left to imagine undressing", replied the other amused. His accent was heavy, thick and so freaking hot that Percy was glad he was still floating in the water or otherwise he would have swooned. And then that sexy smirk on those lips and the mischievous sparkle in the darkest eyes he had ever stared into. Gulping hard, he climbed up. "Well, I usually don't wear a three-part-suit when I take a swim", replied Percy with a snort. "Now, shall I call the cops because you're breaking and entering? Or is there an explanation?" "I'm Niccoló di Angelo, the new teacher for italiano", replied the olive-skinned man with a charming smile. "You can call me Nico, bello. Come ti chiami?" [trans: What's your name? ] "Eh?", asked Percy doe-eyed, grabbing for his towel. "What was that?" "Ah, scusi. I'm not used to this yet... What is your name?", asked the Italian sheepishly. "Percy Jackson. I'm the swimming coach. I didn't know we actually found a teacher for Italian. The kids will be extatic, especially the girls. Italian, the language of sex", laughed Percy. "Dove vuoi andar a parare, carino?", wanted Nico to know, cocking one eyebrow. [trans: What are you driving at, pretty? ] "Uhm, yeah, lost again", chuckled Percy, cocking his head (and shifting a little, blushing). "What you mean with that?", asked Nico interested. "Language of sex?" "Well, they say French is the language of love, right? Because it lulls the weak-hearted in for romance. But Italian? Totally the language of sex, lulling people into beds", grinned Percy. He was brightly flustered and he had to admit that every time the Italian man slipped into his mother tongue, Percy's cock gave an involuntary twitch. Either he soon put some clothes on or he started thinking about boobs or something else off-turning. Especially when Nico chuckled amused – such a rich and tempting sound that was. Wrapping the towel around his waist, he hoped that would at least help a little to cover his slow-building problem. "So you're the new guy around? What are you doing here so early? Does school in Italy start at five in the morning?", joked Percy curiously and started his way toward the gym. "My flight arrived at four, I figured taking a nap would result in me being late on my first day so I decided to come and take a look around before everyone arrived. I suppose you beat me to it?" Nico offered him a charming smile that made Percy blush just the tiniest bit. "I'm the coach of the swim team. I like to train before first class. Can't be a bad example and have a McDonald's belly." He grinned and patted his well-defined stomach. Nico hummed in appreciation and licked his lips, which went unnoticed by Percy who was walking in front of him, leading the way to the showers. "Uhm, so... Give me five to get showered and another five to get changed and I could... give you a tour, I guess? I mean, I do have the keys... Wait, how did you get onto the school ground?" "I climbed the fence. It's not that high", smirked Nico and sat down on one of the benches. "But yes, I would appreciate a tour. And your keys, do they lead to a room with a coffee maker?" "The teacher's lounge, yes", nodded Percy amused. "Just sit and wait." Nico smiled amused as he watched the swaying of Percy's hips. The young man was only wearing dripping-wet swimming shorts that clung to his ass in a very complimenting way. Then again, with an ass like that, Nico doubted anything would be able to make that look bad. Leaning back, he enjoyed the view until it disappeared in one of the shower stalls. The tanned skin was tightly wrapped around impressive muscles that showed off that he indeed was a swimmer. A blue tribal tattoo ran down his right arm and covered his shoulder and shoulder-blade. It reminded him of rippling waves and the stormy sea. Very entrancing. Just like the rest of the stranger. He enjoyed the way those unique turquoise-blue eyes had sparkled every time the young man had laughed. It already seemed to pay off for Nico to be here. When his plane had landed on American soil early this morning – or late last night, however one may view that – he had only dropped his things off in his hotel room and decided to clear his head with a little walk. This had all come a little on short-notice, but he had to get out of Italy and the job offer was perfect, so he had agreed to start the next day, packed his things and took the next flight to New York. But when he had arrived at the hotel half past four in the morning, he had no idea what to do next. Collapsing on the bed for a nap had been tempting, but he knew he would have slept through his alarm and missed his first day. So he decided to get there early and take a look around the school ground. He had not expected to find a beautiful siren swimming in the pool though. His mood was now officially lifted. "So, I'm back. Where do you want to start, Nico?", wanted Percy to know. "The garden was quite gorgeous from outside, would you mind showing me?", asked Nico. Percy was grinning the whole time as they walked through the garden, the running tracks and football field. They kept talking and Nico just kept making Percy smile. It was amazing how easy it was to talk to the handsome Italian. He continued the tour, showing Nico the different rooms – like the work room for Leo's and Charles' mechanic classes – or the kitchen rooms for the cooking classes they gave in the afternoons, the ateliers for Rachel's art classes. The next three hours just seemed to flow away from them and by the time seven-thirty rolled around, they were sitting on the couch in the teacher's lounge, drinking coffee and continuing their conversation. Nico had been telling Percy everything about Italy, about Venice. Had to describe every brick in the wall of Nico's home, every corn of sand on the beach in front of the house, the cliffs and just everything. "God, I always wanted to see Italy", sighed Percy dreamily. "Well, Europe in general. England, Ireland, Scotland, France, Germany... So many different cultures on one continent. It must be amazing. Did you travel a lot? See other countries too?" "Si", nodded Nico amused. "I used to just get onto a train and travel. I know, nowadays people prefer flying, but... in a train, you can see the vast landscapes, the beauty that lays between your home and your destination. I like to enjoy every second, every... picture I pass." "You sound like a real aficionado", grinned Percy teasingly. "Si. I do enjoy beauty in all its shapes", smirked Nico with a nod, staring intensely at Percy. "Oh, then you're sitting in front the right person! Percy is one of my favorite models!" Percy jumped slightly like a little boy caught with his hand in the cookie jar. Turning a little, he saw Rachel grinning at him. The pretty redhead stared curiously over at Percy and Nico. "Rachel!", hissed Percy embarrassed before turning back to Nico apologetically. "That's Rachel Dare, our teacher for art and its history. She's always quite... blunt. Rach, this is Nico, he's starting as the new Italian teacher. I didn't even know Luke had found someone to fill the spot." "Octavian told me last night when we were out for drinks that Luke found someone on short notice. It was all done yesterday", replied Rachel interested. "A relative of Frank's wife?" Frank was the owner of a restaurant, a beautiful place. The cook gave cooking lessons in the afternoon. Percy hummed intrigued. He didn't have much to do with Frank, but he knew that his friend Leo totally had the hots for the part time teacher. "Hazel is my sister", confirmed Nico. "She told me about how desperately the principal was looking for some teachers for a wider language program, to bring the school more... prestige? By teaching more than just Spanish and French. It's a pleasure meeting you, Rachel Dare." The freckled redhead flushed a little as the Italian kissed her hand. "Oh. A gentleman. Nice." "Anyway, if Rachel is here, our principal should be here too. You should probably check in with him", suggested Percy. "You still know where his office is or should I guide you?" "Finish your coffee, carino", declined Nico and shook his head. "I will be fine. And thank you, again. You were a wonderful guide. I hope to see you during lunch break?" "Sure", nodded Percy, grinning despite himself. /break\ Nico was only mildly surprised when he walked in on two