PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Percy's Sugar Daddy || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Percy's Sugar Daddy – Nico's Favorite Boy-Toy Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, Daddy Kink, BDSM, cock warming, spanking, sex-toys, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nicp/Percy Side Pairings : Jason/Reyna, Piper/Annabeth, Frank/Hazel Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean Summary : Percy and Nico first met in a coffee shop, where Percy is somehow trying to earn enough money for college. The more often Nico goes there, the deeper he falls for the charming barista. When Nico decides to spend his wealth well by paying off Percy's student loan, things go south before they get better. Not just better; incredible even. Percy's happier with Nico than he's ever been before, if only his friends would stop teasing him about his 'sugar daddy'... Percy's Sugar Daddy Nico's Favorite Boy-Toy Nico di Angelo had made his first own million when he was twenty-five. A long standing family tradition, of sorts. He came from a long line of extremely successful businessmen. And even though the family wealth would have been enough to keep him and the next three generations of di Angelos going, he still expanded on his own business and made his own money; he was more than just the heir to the di Angelo name, he was the Nico di Angelo, owner of the biggest record label in all of the US. After his father's passing, he had taken over and revolutionized it, brought it to even more fame than ever before and practically mass-producing brilliant talents. He smiled pleased to himself as he opened a magazine claiming Nico di Angelo to be the most desired single under forty. "Your coffee, sir." Nico grunted and nearly missed to look up, but his big sister Bianca had beaten enough manners into him to offer the barista a charming smile despite the painfully early hour and the, so far, lack of caffeine. He did not expect the barista who brought him his coffee to look quite that... utterly gorgeous. Blinking slowly, Nico looked the pretty boy up and down. Messy black hair that already looked like it had been ruffled, grabbed and pulled during sex, sun-kissed skin and full, pink lips. He wasn't exactly tall or broad, but definitely nicely trained. And the best? Those very kind and intense eyes of a color such a beautiful mix of blue and green that Nico felt himself tempted to just look into them and count the different shades of both colors. "Grazie mille, carino", said Nico, turning his smile up a few watt. The cute barista – Percy, according to his name-tag – blushed a very pleasant red that suited him quite well and went along great with those amazing eyes. Nico decided that day that he had just found his new go-to coffee shop. Normally, he didn't quite care in which of the dozens of Starbucks and no name brands he'd go to get his fix, but this one at least offered eye-candy. /break\ The eye-candy was studying marine biology at the local college. He was twenty-three, which made him fifteen years Nico's junior. He was living in an apartment close to campus with three others – Leo, Piper and Annabeth. Aside from working as a barista, he was also a waiter for the night shift in a cute little diner and he refilled shelves at a local grocery shop in the mornings before classes, while also working at the zoo on the weekends tending to the animals. All to somehow pay off his student loan, because the fees were just too much. His father had died before his birth, a marine and a good man, according to Percy's mother Sally. Sally was working in a candy shop, not exactly making big money either, while her new husband was a teacher. But the two of them also had to feed Percy's little brother Tyson, so Percy didn't want to ask them for money either. Perhaps Nico had started taking more time for his morning coffee and maybe he was talking a lot to Percy. The boy was strong and impressive and gorgeous. Nico was completely enchanted now that he actually knew Percy. Before, it had been simple eye-candy, but now he was Percy Jackson, the kind and sweet boy who was also funny and quirky and to whom Nico could listen to for hours. "You need to sleep more, Percy", chided Nico with a frown as he ordered his coffee. Percy behind the counter rubbed self-consciously at the dark bags beneath his eyes. "Well, what can I say? Some of us have to work a lot to earn a little, Mister di Angelo." Nico grunted displeased. Some days, Percy had a hard time to focus on simple conversations because he had barely slept between all his jobs and the work he had to do for college. If Nico had a say in it, Percy would just get to kick back, look gorgeous and let Nico take care of him, really. /break\ Percy fell forward right onto the couch, landing with his face in Annabeth's lap. The blonde grunted displeased, prompting Percy to carefully shrug his shoes off with his feet. She didn't like it when they were on the couch with their shoes on. Pleased by that, she patted his head in praise. "You okay, Percy?", asked Annabeth softly. "...Tired", mumbled Percy, adjusting with a groan to lay more comfortably. He had worked at the grocery store before dawn, then in the coffee shop until shortly before noon when he had to head to class and after that, he had another shift at the diner. Annabeth continued to caress Percy's hair soothingly. Slowly cracking an eye open, Percy checked his surroundings. Honestly, he hadn't even noticed that Annabeth was sitting on the couch when he had collapsed on it. Next to Annabeth was her girlfriend Piper, reading some kind of fashion and celebrity and gossip magazine. She worked at a hair salon part time and occasionally 'borrowed' the old magazines there. Percy frowned confused as the cover of the magazine smiled charmingly at him upside-down. "...That's Mister di Angelo", stated Percy with rising confusion. Piper raised one eyebrow and looked at him. "Yes, it is. Congratulations, your observation skills have not yet suffered from all the overworking you do to your body." "Why's Mister di Angelo on the magazine?", asked Percy, confusion growing more and more. "Because there's an article about the ten hottest wealthy singles under forty in this", replied Piper. "Why's Mister di Angelo in that article?", continued Percy to ask. "I swear, if this is some twenty-question stuff, I quit", grunted Piper a little annoyed, pointing at the picture of the man on the cover. "See that? That's a hot man. Lesbian, not blind. Even I can see that. You're gay, you should also be capable of seeing that." "Course he's hot", mumbled Percy with a slight pout. "But why's he on a magazine?" "Third generation owner of Elysium Records. Wealthiest man in New York and one of the richest guys in all of the US", replied Annabeth for her girlfriend. "But even before he took over the family business, he already made a million himself by investing his own money in street artists in whom he believed. They rose to the top faster than anyone could blink. He has a keen eye for talent." "...He's rich?", asked Percy with a frown, sitting up some. "I mean, duh, with those suits he always wears, but... He's like... famous? I... I didn't know that." "Percy, sweetie, I love you, but please watch the news or read a newspaper every once in a while", sighed Annabeth, patting his head in a patronizing manner, one curious eyebrow raised. "How do you know him without knowing who he is, Percy?" "He's one of my regulars, at the coffee shop. Comes in every morning, stays for an hour to drink his coffee and eat a muffin. Been coming for the past two months now. We talk, often. I kind of occasionally take my break when he comes in so I can sit with him and talk", admitted Percy, cheeks a bit pink. "He's a real gentleman, asks a lot of questions about me and listens to me. It's... nice. Talking to him. He's very witty and snarky too." Piper slowly put her magazine down and stared dumbly at Percy, while Annabeth mirrored that expression. "You... You're crushing on him. Without knowing he's famous and filthy rich?" "Guess so?", admitted Percy, cheeks turning a darker red. "Wow", whispered Piper in awe. "You literally found Prince Charming. So, are you dating?" "What? No!", exclaimed Percy embarrassed. "I'm just his barista. And sure, we're getting along, but... that's all. I'm not gonna hit on a customer... Especially not now. He's so far out of my league." Piper heaved a dramatic sigh. "Poor little fool." /break\ Percy dreaded the visit at the bank. He had to check his account to see if there would be any food for the rest of the month, or if it was going to be another two weeks of ramen and water for him. He frowned when his statement of account was missing the huge chunk of money that college should have charged this month. Despite taking on credits, there was still a lot of money he had to pay every month, additional to the debt piling up for once he was done with college. "Oh man", sighed Percy frustrated, pushing the piece of paper into his pocket and instead getting his phone out. "Hey, Piper, you think you can cover my shift at the diner? I have to go to the registration office. There was some kind of mix up that I have to take care of..." Two hours later, Percy had spend a ridiculously long time waiting in the registration office before he finally got to talk to someone, just to have a ridiculous debate. Apparently, someone had paid not just this month's tuition fee, but actually also everything else in advance, right up to his graduation. It didn't make any sense to Percy. There must have been some kind of mix-up. Some other student who got into a inheritance and wanted to pay off his own debt, but the office had mixed something up. Percy didn't want that. He wanted them to right this wrong, because some other poor person was going to be in a lot of money trouble because of that. The lady was not very pleased by his stubbornness and by him accusing them of screwing something up, but she said she'd investigate. /break\ Nico was in a fairly good mood as he sat down in his favorite little coffee shop. He had done good the other day. It had been the perfect idea, really. What with how exhausted and tired and overwhelmed Percy was with all the jobs he took on and all the things he had to do, all Nico wanted to do was help . So he did what was easiest; he investigated to find out where Percy took his credits and then paid that off as well as the still outstanding fees for the future. No more money problems for his favorite little barista. Percy would be able to cut back on his shifts, maybe on a