PJatO || Jaseo || PJatO || Jaseo || PJatO || Perks of Popularity || PJatO || Jaseo || PJatO || Jaseo || PJatO Title : Perks of Popularity – The Jock and the Mechanic Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, matchmakers Nicercy, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Jason/Leo Side Pairings : Jason/Piper (cover), Nico/Percy, Reyna/Annabeth, Frank/Hazel, Hephaestus/Esperanza Percy Jackson Characters : Leo Valdez, Jason Grace, Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Piper McLean, Thalia Grace, Bianca di Angelo, Nyssa Black, Esperanza Valdez, Festus Godly Character : Hephaestus Summary : Jason is the mayor's son, he's rich and famous. He was also the captain of the football team, bringing home a lot of trophies. He was basically a teenage heartthrob. Everybody fawned over him for his fame and name. So he starts dating his best friend Piper, the most beautiful girl at school and captain of the cheerleading squad, but he wants more. He wants someone who loves him for who he is on the inside, not for anything else. Will he ever find that? Leo on the other hand is the son of a very wealthy owner of a chain of car dealership and mechanic shops. But no one knows that. He dresses down and pretends to be just a boy from the neighborhood, because he hopes that way someone will love him for who he is. So far, he failed at that. He had amazing friends, but all those friends were in happy relationships and he was all alone. It was depressing, really. Until he gets stuck in the gym one night, with the school's golden boy. Finally the last winner's prize from my last contest! LucarioLover2488 asked for a Jaseo high school AU with... well, basically what it says above, ya know? *chuckles* I do hope you like it ;) Perks of Popularity The Jock and the Mechanic "Leo! Honey, it's time to wake up!" Leo groaned and rolled over to hide his face in the pillow. "Five more minutes, mom." The door to his room opened and a beautiful Latina woman walked over to the bed. Her face showed the lines that laughter and worry had left on her over the course of her life. She always told Leo that he had special worry lines that she called Leos. It always made Leo grin broadly. He knew he was a cause of many worries for his mother, but he also knew that she loved him dearly. "You already said that five minutes ago and five minutes before that", chided Esperanza amused. "Mo—om, please?", begged Leo and poked his head out beneath the pillow. "Stop being so adorable, my boy", chided Esperanza and ruffled his curls. "No, you come with me now, or else your sister and father will eat all the pancakes on their own." Leo's eyes widened comically and he nearly fell out of the bed, causing his mother to laugh. When he stumbled into the kitchen, his dad and big sister were already wolfing down mom's delicious pancakes. He made a whining sound in the back of his throat and pushed between them. "No! You're too late! No pancakes for you!", disagreed his sister, elbowing him. "Mom! Nyssa is being mean to me again!", complained Leo loudly. "Stop complaining, boy", grunted Hephaestus with a glare, shoving some pancakes onto Leo's plate. Leo's face brightened at that and he dug right in. His dad was grumpy and not the most social person, he was better with machines than he was with people. The fun thing was that people didn't hold it against him, because he owned the largest chain of car dealerships and car shops in the state. All his life, Leo had seen people sucking up to his dad just for his money and name. Which was the reason why Leo and his sister Nyssa enlisted in high school under their mother's maiden-name and not under their father's name. Hephaestus Black was a brand, not just a name. Everybody wanted a Black Car. So Leo and Nyssa, they weren't the Black-siblings, they were the Valdez-siblings, because neither of them wanted people sucking up to them because of their dad. "There, enough for all of you", observed Esperanza with a fond smile as she entered the room. She stepped up to her husband and took the seat next to him. He grunted and pulled her over so he could kiss her cheek. He wasn't good at people, but he managed. It helped that Esperanza found it utterly endearing and adorable. When they had been on their first date, Hephaestus had been at a total loss as to what to do with a woman , but instead of being offended or irritated, Esperanza had laughed. Not laughed at him in a mean way, but because she found his awkwardness so sweet. And that, that was what Leo wanted too. Someone who loved him, who found his weirdness sweet and not annoying, who loved Leo, not Leo Black. Someday, he would find that. Someday. "Meow!" Leo laughed softly and sneaked a piece of pancake down to his begging cat. The cat's name was Festus and he was totally awesome. Leo had found him in the woods one day and taken care of him until the little thing was fully healed again. Ever since, Festus didn't leave his side. And this kind of loyalty was what he wanted. Someone who completely loved him, just because he was awesome. "Stop feeding the cat mom's pancakes!", protested Nyssa with a pout. "Festus is awesome. He deserves only the best. Right, boy?", huffed Leo and stuck his tongue out. Festus meowed in agreement and pushed his head against Leo's leg. Leo really loved his family. They were weird and sometimes awkward, but they were amazing and happy. It also helped that due to his father's job, Leo could tinker on cars as often as he wanted. He earned some extra pocket-money by working at his dad's closest car shop, the one he actually worked at, where he had his office and all. Leo was a lot like his dad, he loved working with cars and machines more than working with people. He was always very awkward and not really sure how to handle people. Which was probably why he only had six friends. Well, 'only' was subjective. To his friends, it was only. They always wanted him to socialize more and make more friends. He found six friends to be an amazing number, really. That aside, they were great friends, the best friends, so Leo was happy. His oldest friend was Hazel Levesque, the ex-girlfriend of his cousin Sammy. They had first met in a summer camp that Leo, Nyssa and Sammy had attended together. But even after breaking up with Sammy, Hazel still remained friends with Leo. For a long time, they only had contact via e-mails and skype, until they finally met each other again in high school, when Hazel's mother had been sent to a mental hospital and she moved in with her uncle Hades. There was his number one very best friend – Percy Jackson. Percy Jackson was awesome. He was a jock and since middle school, Leo liked to steer clear of jocks. But he was totally different. The downside of pretending to be a no-name boy was that bullies liked to pick on the scrawny, hyperactive kid. When he entered high school, he feared the swimmer would pick on him too, but instead, Percy stood up against the bullies and broke Bryce Lawrence's nose to protect Leo. Apparently, Percy had been bullied in elementary and middle school, so now that he was one of the popular kids, he liked to stand up for others. Percy was kind of Leo's role-model, really. Shortly after befriending Percy, Leo had met Percy's childhood friend Annabeth. Those two were attached by the hip, so it was inevitable to befriend Annabeth if one was to be friends with Percy. Annabeth was cool, she was the most brilliant person Leo had ever met and even though she didn't really understand the mechanical part, she did understand the physics and math. They could spend hours talking about designs too, which was the part that Percy just droned out then. Not that Percy was bored when Leo and Annabeth talked science, because for quite a while now, Percy had found himself the perfect distraction. Said distraction was the definition of tall, dark and handsome. An Italian-born boy from a rich family. His name was Nico di Angelo and his family and Leo's family had been close for years now, due to Hades di Angelo being Hephaestus' attorney. Which was how Annabeth and Percy had learned about Leo's secret, because Nico and Leo had often met on official banquets and such. Leo had never been so afraid in his life, fearful that his friends would reject him or hate him for lying. They didn't. They understood why he had lied, though they were hurt that it had taken him so long to admit the truth. The cute and bothersome thing was how Nico had entered their little circle of friends though. Percy and Annabeth were best friends, the gay guy and the lesbian. So were Nico and Reyna. One night on a gay party, the two sets of best friends had met and hit it off instantly. Annabeth and Reyna were the definition of a power-couple and Nico and Percy were borderline sickeningly cute. Which was how Reyna had joined their group too. Reyna and Nico were both quite kick-ass. They were both more on the goth-side of things, very dark and intimidating. But once someone got to know them, they'd see just how amazing they both were. Especially when they were together with their respective partners. Leo loved seeing the two couples together, they were just so perfect for each other, so happy with each other. Leo adored them, really. The last one to enter their circle of friends had been Frank, who had newly transferred to their school after moving here from Canada. The big guy had intimidated Leo at first, but he was actually a real sweetheart. He had to, because otherwise, there would be no way in hell either Leo or Nico would allow him to date Hazel. Nico was wildly protective of his little cousin, especially after her mother had been emitted to a mental hospital. Hades' younger brother Pluto had already died years ago, so Hades and his family were all Hazel had left now. That was it. Those were all the people in Leo's life who mattered. His mom, dad, big sister Nyssa, his kitten Festus and his friends Percy, Nico, Hazel, Frank, Annabeth and Reyna. What more did he need, really? He had a loving family, a pet that adored him and loyal, amazing friends. The problem was that he was surrounded by all those happy and perfect couples – from his parents to his friends – and it made him long for that too. For someone to look at him as loyally as Frank did to Hazel, someone carrying him on his hands like Nico did with Percy, someone who would follow his every whim even though they may not share his interests fully like Reyna did for Annabeth, someone who would put up with his weird and awkward like his mother did with his father. /break\ Not even a whole block away was a boy who was entirely not as