PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Cop and the Teacher || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Cop and the Teacher – More Than Just a Case Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, police AU, fluff, family fluff, hurt/comfort, sexual abuse/rape (non-explicit), the author's only knowledge about law comes from "Law & Order", shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Luke/Octavian, Charles/Silena, Chris/Clarisse, Jason/Reyna, Piper/Annabeth, Frank/Hazel/Leo Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Will Solace, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Silena Beauregard, Charles Beckendorf, Small Bob, Mrs. O'Leary Own Characters of the Next Generation : Nicercy : Samuel Raser, Derek Rhys, Trend Austin Chrisse : Calandra Rodriguez, Chrysander Rodriguez Pipabeth : Theadora Tiphane Chase Jayna : Hercules Grace Frazeleo : Esperanza Nicole Zhang Own Classmates of the Kids : Marshall Mikaelson, Sara Mers, Joanna Foxx, Phylicia Rosenberg, Stella Ribeiro, Melissa Montgomery, Victor Kruger, Charles Smith, Sedanur Aykan, Lila Lovegood, Leroy Jones Summary : Percy Jackson teaches the first grade at Elysium Elementary School. He's also the single-parent of three little boys – Trend, Sam and Derek – by adoption. One day, he has to face that his son Sam has been raped. SVU detective Nico di Angelo finds himself more involved with this case than with others. Not just because the single father intrigues him, but also because he genuinely starts to care for the three little boys. Then again, his team is known for getting too involved. This is what happens when Phoe watches a marathon of all seasons of SVU!~ The Cop and the Teacher More Than Just a Case /break\ In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. /break\ By the time Detective Nico di Angelo rounded the corner to the crime-scene, he had already emptied his second cup of coffee. He hated early morning calls. He hated cases where kids were involved. What he hated the most was the deep, dark feeling in his stomach when he passed through the front door of the school. Elysium Elementary School. He had found his way here easily. After all, it was the school where his sister's boyfriend was working (Leo, a child himself in mind, really, but Nico had learned to love the guy anyway), the school where his niece was enrolled. Heck, half the precinct had their little kids enrolled here, because it was close by and had a great program with afternoon care for working parents. Nico's partner Jason for example had his son Herc enrolled in here too. "Jason! Is Herc okay?", asked Nico as soon as he spotted his blonde partner. "It's not him. Or Sander, or Cally, or Thea, or Nico, or Danny", replied Jason and shook his head. The SVU squad had four detectives and one supervising sergeant. Captain Octavian Simmons was their overall boss, their supervising sergeant being Luke Castellan. Aside from Jason and Nico, there was another set of detectives; Frank and Clarisse. Cally and Sander were Clarisse's kids. Nico – Esperanza Nicole, thank you very much for that name, dear sister – was Nico's niece. Danny was the adopted daughter of their captain and Sergeant Castellan. And Thea was the daughter of the assistant DA Piper McLean and their on-again-off-again FBI profiler Annabeth Chase. Like Nico already said, many of their friends had their kids enlisted here. Nico nodded and felt guilt and relief flooding him. Relief because none of the children precious to him were the victim and guilt because that meant some other, innocent kid was. The two detectives continued their way to the headmaster's office. The headmaster was probably one of the reasons why the school was so popular around their squad and colleagues. Chris was Clarisse's husband and Clarisse was a widely respected detective. She had come from the homicide department about five years ago; two years before Nico had joined the force. "Okay, what's the situation?", asked Nico lowly when they saw Frank inside the office, where Clarisse and Chris were talking lowly at the table. "That our vic?" There was a blonde, little boy with startling dark, gray eyes sitting on the couch, his arms crossed over his chest, pouting and glaring. He had one black eye and a split lip. He was young, probably first grade or maybe even second grade. Nico hated cases with young kids. "No", replied Frank, his voice equally hushed. "But he's the reason we're here. He was in a fight." "That much is obvious, Sherlock", snorted Jason and rolled his eyes. "But since when are fights between kids any business of the NYPD, much less the SVU?" "If you'd step closer, I wouldn't have to repeat it a dozen times", grunted Chris, glaring at them. The three male detectives stepped up to the headmaster and their female colleague. "Well?" "Trend Jackson, the little sunshine over there, beat up a fourth-grader", stated Chris, looking nonplussed. "Which is not why I called you. I called you because of his reason. When the teacher who had broken up the fight brought Trend to me, I asked him why he had done it. He's only eight, after all. He told me he beat Leroy up because Leroy had... touched his baby brother." "Okay...", nodded Nico slowly. "And how much value does his word have? He's eight, maybe he's just trying to get out of being punished by his parents." "That's what you're here for", stated Chris. "Trend is a good friend of Sander and I know the kid very well because he's over a lot. He's honest, he never lies. And he loves his brother, even if he'd lie, he'd never lie about Sam being hurt. I believe him." "Okay... Where are the kid's parents?", asked Jason and looked around. "Father. Single parent", corrected Chris. "And I haven't brought him in yet because I wanted to hear your opinion first. Trend's dad is one of my teachers, one of my best. And a good friend. I don't want to make him panic about one of his children having been raped if this turns out to be a false alarm after all. So I'd appreciate it if you'd look into it, please." Nico nodded, knowing that deep down, Chris just really didn't want to have that kind of conversation. "And the other kid? This... Leroy? Where is he? Obviously not here." "In the nurse's office. He got hit worse than Trend. For such a small kid, Trend can really throw some solid punches", replied Chris, half-amused. "You know where the nurse's office is. Trend's father, Mister Jackson, is currently teaching a class in room 201. Sam, the alleged victim, is in 103." "I'll talk to the teacher. Mister Jackson is Herc's homeroom teacher", said Jason and stood. "I'll talk to Trend over there", suggested Frank, looking at the angry, little boy. "Then I take the suspect", grunted Clarisse with a fierce glare. "As of yet, he's just a little boy", warned Nico with a frown. "Don't be too brash, we don't need the parents with a set of lawyers after us. Tell him you're there because of the fight. Get his side of the story. Don't mention Sam or rape or anything like that yet." "Yes, boss", snorted Clarisse in a mocking tone of voice. Not regarding her with an answer, he continued. "Then I take the victim. Until later, guys." The four detectives split up to get the different sides of the story. Before talking to Sam, Nico first wanted to talk to the boy's teacher. See if anything changed in Sam's behavior recently. No need to build up a case or scare the boy if maybe all of this was a hoax from a little kid who didn't want to get into trouble for getting into a fight. Nico was mildly surprised to see that Leo was the homeroom teacher. Leo looked equally surprised when he saw Nico through the window in the door. A panicked expression hushed over his face as he excused himself from his class and rushed outside. By the time he came face to face with Nico, he looked short of a mental breakdown. "Oh god, oh god, oh god, it happened", chanted Leo, short of breath already. "He's dead." "What?", asked Nico completely confused, frowning. "O—Or did something happen to her? No, no you'd be more rattled if you lost another sister", muttered Leo with a frown. "So it's Frank, isn't it? He got shot, right?" "What? No", grunted Nico and shook his head. "But he's in the headmaster's office, so you can talk to him later, he'd surely be happy to see you. No, I'm not here to give you any bad news, Leo. I'm actually here to talk to you about one of your little students." Relief flooded Leo at that. The thing was, Leo was in a relationship with both, Nico's sister Hazel and Frank. And since Frank was a detective, Leo always worried. Same went for Hazel, who was a pathologist working with the squad, which was how Frank and Hazel had gotten involved. Leo had only been added later on into the equation, back when Captain Simmons and Sergeant Castellan had been looking for a kindergarten for Danny (they had started looking early ) and basically the whole squad, their DA and the pathologist had tried to help them. This was how they had met Leo, who had been a kindergarten teacher back then. "One of my... students?", asked Leo slowly as what Nico had said sunk in. "But you're SVU. And that can not mean anything good. Oh god. Which one of my little darlings is being abused?" Both adults turned toward the door to look through the window. "You tell me. Did any of them change their behavior lately? Act weird, different, maybe more afraid? Bruised, perhaps?" Nico followed Leo's gaze. It wandered over to the Rodriguez-twins – the children of Clarisse and Chris – and who looked to be their friends, because the little children were whispering and giggling. Cally Rodriguez was talking with Thea Chase, whispering in hushed voices. Sander Rodriguez on the other hand was loudly arguing with two other boys, waving his arms around wildly. One of them was a rather tall, dark-skinned boy who silently watched – he was seriously tall for a second grader. And the other was the one Leo was staring at. A relatively small boy with bronze skin and sad, dark-green eyes, as well as peanut-colored wavy-hair. "There are a few bruises, but he's not the only boy. I mean, they're boys and they're second graders. They climb the Jungle Jim and fall, they bicker and shove each other", argued Leo, as though he was trying to convince himself that the boy he was talking about was not a victim. "And he's gotten shyer. Really shy. The only ones he talks to at all anymore are Sander, Marshall and his brother Trend. He... flinches, a lot. When others come close to him, but... I didn't think much... oh god." "So it is true then", muttered Nico to himself, frowning concerned. "This is Sam Jackson, right?" "I... yes", nodded Leo slowly, before growing panicked again. "It's not his dad, really! His