PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || No Flower Comparable || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : No Flower Comparable – How Being a Good Son Pays Off Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, family fluff, they're both good sons, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Grover/Juniper, Paul/Sally, Hades/Persephone Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Tyson, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis, Mrs. O'Leary Godly Characters : Demeter, Hades, Persephone, Zerberus Summary : Percy is being a good son, because every Sunday, he buys flowers for his mother at the flower shop where his best friend works. The shop is owned by Persephone di Angelo and she too has a good (step-)son, because Nico agrees to helping out during the summer. This one is dedicated to all my beautiful and wonderful readers and especially so to all of you who send me a message to cheer me up yesterday. It really helped a lot. You're the best, guys! To clarify something again! I'm not going to abandon FFNet so easily. That's like letting the trolls win. I'll be posting on here for as long and as much as I can, but consider my upset outburst yesterday a headsup - If you can't find a story to its full, smutty content, then that's because of the trolls, but it's still out there, just on my AO3 account. I'll be here too, as long as I can, but I'll be fully-here, with each and every story, on AO3. To cheer me and you up, have a lot of adorable fluff! No Flower Comparable How Being a Good Son Pays Off Nico di Angelo was a good son. It was the weekend before the summer that they'd all been sitting together for breakfast. Well, not all of them. Hazel, Nico's younger half-sister, had already left on the last day of school. She had spend weeks begging their dad that she could pretty-please go on a vacation with her best friends – Leo, Frank, Reyna, Jason and Piper. Nico wasn't really sure how that would work out seeing as Leo and Frank were both in love with Hazel, while both Reyna and Piper were Jason's exes. Personally, Hazel's older siblings Bianca and Nico had bets going on concerning whether or not Reyna and Piper would enter a cat-fight and if either Leo or Frank would finally confess. So, Hazel wasn't there. But Nico and his older sister Bianca were, together with their father Hades and their stepmother Persephone. And grandma Demeter. Oh, and the family dog Zerberus. Somehow, Nico liked that they had a relatively large family living together. Granted, grandma could get onto his nerves at times because she always wanted them to eat healthy. "I don't know how we will go by this summer", sighed Demeter miserably. "What do you mean, nonna?", inquired Bianca, sipping her orange juice. "Eat your carrots, Niccoló", chided Demeter before turning back to her. "Oh, the store..." "Carrots are not a fit breakfast", huffed Nico with a slight pout. "What about the store?" "Katie graduated high school and now that she's enrolled in college, she's moving away. And Miranda asked us if she can take off for the next three weeks too, because the whole family is going to Europe to search for an apartment for Katie and get her settled and all", explained Persephone. She and Nico hadn't gotten along well at first, but after Bianca's and Nico's mother had died and they had come to stay, she slowly started to warm up to them. Now, six years later, she was the only mother Nico knew and he was grateful to have her. Besides, she sometimes sneaked chocolate chip cookies past her mother and shared them with Nico. Persephone's mother Demeter was living with the di Angelos too, mostly so because she had been blowing a casket about her daughter moving away, apparently. By now, mother and daughter owned a flower shop together. "I can help out", offered Nico softly. "Come again?", grunted Hades, half amused as he watched his son. "I can help out", shrugged Nico casually. "I mean, Hazel stole my two best friends for a vacation. Will's gone with his boyfriend too, so I don't really have many people to hang out with anyway. Not much to do. I can as well help out in the shop then." He huffed a little breathless as he was being hugged by Persephone. "Oh, you're such a good son." "I would help too, if I wouldn't be going to that archery summer camp with Zoe and Thalia", threw Bianca in, pouting a little. "Well, says a lot about your social life, actually." He stuck his tongue out at her. He had a perfectly fine social life. Reyna, Jason, Frank, Will, Lou, Cecil and his family were really all the people he needed. Of course Hazel had to steal three of them and Will was gone with Jake to some romantic get-away thing. So that really didn't leave him with too many options. Why shouldn't he spend his summer helping his stepmother then? After all, she had opened her home for them when their biological mother had died and by now, she had also opened her heart for them. The least he could do was help out in the flower shop and be a good son. /break\ Percy Jackson was a good son. If one would ask his mother, Sally Blofis, she'd say he was the best. The two of them had been through a lot together. Percy's dad had been a marine and died for their country, leaving Percy and Sally to fend for themselves. Desperate, lonely and vulnerable, Sally had chosen the wrong man. An abusive man. They had been stuck with him for years, lived through the verbal and physical abuse. They were past that by now. One day, Gabe had beaten Percy too hard. Nearly losing her child had been the much-needed wake-up-call. She filed charges and got divorced and they build their life up again from scratch. She found love in one of Percy's teachers, married again. Still, at times she still blamed herself for putting her son through so much pain, thinking she wasn't a good mother. So every Sunday when Percy would go out and get breakfast from the bakery around the corner, he also got his mother a flower bouquet. Nothing too expensive, just some simple wild flowers. Just to show her that he loved her, that he didn't hold anything that had happened to them against her. It was how he had met his best friend, actually. Grover and his girlfriend Juniper worked there part-time to better their pocket-money. He also liked the owners, Demeter and Persephone. And the two other part-time workers, the Gardner sisters Katie and Miranda. Getting dressed, he took a last look at the bed opposite his own bed. His younger half-brother Tyson was still sound asleep, arms tightly wound around the giant, equally asleep black dog. Mrs. O'Leary yelped slightly in her sleep as she had her paws around the little child. Smiling affectionately at them, Percy left the room and then the apartment. He liked this little Sunday morning ritual of his, it was a good way of clearing his head and it was nice to be alone with his thoughts too. Sharing a room with his seven-years-old brother and a gigantic dog was at times a little cramped. "Buongiorno." [trans: Good morning ] Percy's head snapped up as he entered the flower shop and a new voice greeted him. For a second, he was sure he was stuck in a shoujo anime, but then he remembered that he was in a flower shop and the roses and tulips surrounding the bishounen were real. So was the bishounen. Percy's face flushed as he saw the handsomest boy ever. Olive skin, a charming smile, tousled, dark curls and really nice muscles that were shown off in the sleeveless black shirt. Percy liked. A lot. "Hey, Perce!", greeted a rather familiar brunette and suddenly there was a Grover between Percy and the delicious new guy, blocking the view. "How's Ty doing?" "H—Hey, Grover", nodded Percy, trying to peek over his friend's shoulder. "He's still asleep." Much to his dismay, Persephone called something from the back and the hot new guy left. Percy pouted a little, but at least he could now focus in full attention on his friend. As if on cue did Juniper walk over to them, already carrying the usual bouquet that Percy normally ordered. "Here you go", smiled the caramel-haired girl charmingly. "T—Thanks... And... uh... Who was that ?", asked Percy reluctantly, face flushing. "That's Persephone's son Nico", answered Juniper amused. "Why do you ask?" "Is he single?", whispered Percy, biting his lower lip. "Or, uhm, well, gay?" "Dude, he only started working here this Monday. We haven't exactly talked about relationship status and sexual orientation yet", snorted Grover and rolled his eyes. " But we can snoop around a little", offered Juniper with a grin. "He is pretty good looking." "He is?", echoed Grover wide-eyed, turning desperately toward his girlfriend. "Not as attractive as you", cooed Juniper and leaned in to peck his lips. "So... you'll find something out for me until next week?", whispered Percy and grinned. He and Juniper shared a conspiratorial grin before Percy left again, with a slight jump to his steps. /break\ Nico actually liked the work in the flower shop. It was calm, Grover and Juniper were rather nice and he apparently had the talent to do bouquets. Nearly two weeks after he started working there, on the second Sunday, he found himself doing a rather interesting bouquet. Persephone had asked him to do it for a regular customer. Apparently Persephone's favorite. "Why does mamma like this one in particular?", inquired Nico curiously as he put the flowers together, only cheaper ones but even those were beautiful. "I mean, apparently the one doesn't spend too much money here. No roses or other fancy flowers, this is the cheapest of the cheapest." "It's a friend of ours, actually", answered Grover as he brought pots outside. "His name is Percy", continued Juniper, stocking the shelves. "He buys a bouquet for his mother every Sunday. I think that's what Persephone likes, that he's such a sweet son." "Percy?", repeated Nico curiously. "Weird name." "You know nothing", laughed Grover. "His name's actually Perseus. But don't tell him I said that." Nico smiled amused. Somehow, the notion really was sweet. That this Percy really bought flowers for his mom every week. He had assumed it was some cheap shot who bought them for his girlfriend. Now more motivated, he put a little more love into his work. "Morning!", exclaimed a soft, beautiful voice. "Sorry I'm early this week!" Nico looked up from his work again. They weren't even really open yet. In came the most beautiful human being Nico had ever seen. The most breathtaking smile on rosy, bow-shaped and very kissable lips, the smile lighting up eyes of such a brilliant color like Nico hadn't seen since moving away from Venice – the green and blue clashed to create the color of the ocean itself. He wasn't tall or overly muscular, but athletic to just the right extend. Sun-kissed skin revealed by the sky-blue Captain America t-shirt. Nico blinked in slow-motion as he took all of it in. "Buongiorno, bello", greeted Nico, voice a little tight with desire.