PJatO || Thanercy || PJatO || Every Open Window || PJatO || Thanercy || PJatO Title : Every Open Window – Shows You a Whole, New World Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, explicit sexual content, anal, oral, toys, crossdressing, Percy's a total size-queen and Thany has a giant cock, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Thanatos/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Nico/Jason, Paul/Sally, Hades/Persephone Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Jason Grace, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis, Mrs. O'Leary Godly Characters : Thanatos, Persephone, Hades Summary : Sequel to "Every Closed Door"! Thanatos and Percy are officially dating and regardless of how much Percy values to have a gentleman boyfriend, now that the war is over and they have been dating for months, Percy would really like to finally get laid. How does he convey that message to Thanatos though? Hopefully his friends can help some. Contest-winner-request by TheOrginalBibliophile ! As it says in the guidelines, you guys can request anything, including sequels to stories I already told a dozen people that there would be no sequel to it. *chuckles* I hope it turned out satisfying. ;) Every Open Window Shows You a Whole, New World The Giant War was over. It hadn't ended the way Percy had pictured it to end, if he was being honest. Somehow, he had expected more death. More blood. More drama. Not that he wasn't grateful that there had been relatively few causalities and the only major blood-situation had been his own nosebleed. Now, everything was over, calm and also somehow weird. Frank and Hazel had Leo tied to Hazel's bed in the underworld ever since he had magically returned from the dead. He understood that out of them all, Frank and Hazel had suffered the most during the time they had believed Leo to be dead so now they were enjoying their firebug and making sure he was not getting away or dying any time soon. So no one had seen them for a few weeks now. Annabeth and Piper were in New Rome to help their girlfriend Reyna rebuild Camp Jupiter and New Rome, also planning new additional districts for Greeks so they could spend their life eves in a calm environment too. It was a big project and took all of their time these days. Then there was the whole drama about Nico and Jason these days. With Annabeth having turned to New Rome to plan the future of demigods, Jason and Percy were on their own with Camp Half-Blood. And Jason was quite busy with his new pontifex duties. Which was a problem, because it increased Jason's jealousy due to Nico still being at camp, where Will Solace was paying entirely too much attention to Jason's Ghost King. Half the time Percy spend with Jason on leadership duties, he had to listen to Jason bitching and moaning about how Will was batting his long lashes far too much at his man. Nico on the other hand kept complaining about how Jason had no right to bitch around because he had started insisting on Nico making more friends. So what if one of his new best friends happened to be a tanned, blonde, blue-eyed gay guy. Just like his boyfriend Jason, who spend a lot of time away from camp these days. Coincident. That Jason was as much as suggesting that Nico would start something with Will was disrespectful. Sure, Will had a nice ass, but that didn't mean Nico was actually thinking about pounding that ass! Short; Percy was tired of all their drama . The girls complaining about work, Frank, Hazel and Leo locking themselves into the underworld, Jason and Nico being morons. Percy had far more vital problems going on in the relationship-department, but most his friends were too hung up on their own relationship-problems. Percy Jackson was dating a god. A hunky, handsome god. A hunky, handsome, winged god of death. A hunky, handsome, winged god of death who didn't put out. It had been three months now since their cute little candlelight dinner in the underworld and they had been on plenty romantic dates – walking the beaches of the world, flying together (the perks of having a boyfriend with wings!), going to see movies together, eating dinner. All the things Percy had always wanted to. Just that Percy wanted more. They held hands, they kissed. But never anything more. And Percy wanted so much more . He just had no idea how to get more. It was Thursday night at the Blofis house and the family was watching Criminal Minds . It was a ridiculously normal thing to do and most of the week, Percy was looking forward to it the most. His mom, stepfather, pet hell-hound and death angel boyfriend would all be there, eating tortillas and salsa or popcorn and just sit together, speculate what the outcome of the episode would be. Percy was comfortably curled together in Thanatos' strong arms, one black wing draped over Percy to keep him warm and comfortable. The god knew Percy had a thing for the fluffy, soft wings. They were sharing one couch, with Paul and Sally sitting on the other couch. "Say Perseus, do you have plans for winter break?", asked Thanatos casually during the commercials, running his fingers through Percy's soft hair. "Will you visit one of the camps?" "I think Percy has had enough of his friends' dramas", laughed Sally amused as she stood. She went to the kitchen to get more of the delicious tiny snacks Thanatos had brought with him – it had been a pleasant surprise for her that her son's godly lover was actually very talented in the kitchen and apparently also more involved in the romance-aspect of his relationship with Percy than the sex. Which was something new, at least in Sally's eyes. But she appreciated that. She'd cut his balls off if all Thanatos wanted from Percy would have been sex. "Why do you ask?", countered Percy confused, tilting his head up. "I was contemplating perhaps kidnapping you to spend some time at... my place", stated Thanatos. "Your... place? Like, the underworld, where you actually live ?", asked Percy stunned. "No, I thought we could sleep in a cave", deadpanned Thanatos, turning to look ridiculed at Percy. "I think what Percy tries to say", interrupted Paul, quirking an eyebrow. "Is that as of now, this must be the first time you invited him over to your place, Lord Thanatos. So far, all your dates happened in the mortal world or you came over to our home." "I... suppose that is right", nodded Thanatos thoughtful, turning to Percy. "I am sorry for that slip on my side, Perseus. I just thought it would put you into an awkward position, trapped in the underworld. I assumed you'd be more comfortable in an environment where you can leave at any time you seem fit, the mortal world as it is." "As long as you're there, I don't want to leave", countered Percy, leaning up to kiss Thanatos. "You two are so sweet together", noted Sally amused, placing a tray on the table. "Mo—om", whined Percy embarrassed, hiding his face in the crook of Thanatos' neck. "Thank you very much, Missus Blofis", replied Thanatos with a generous smile. She smiled softly and sat down next to Paul, snuggling up to her own man. This was nice. Family nights, being with her beloved husband, her cherished, only son and the man who made said son extremely happy. Turning some, she rather watched Thanatos and Percy. It just made her incredibly happy to see how happy Percy was. Whenever Thanatos was over, Percy seemed to glow. The war – Tartarus most of all – had send Percy through a lot of pain and trauma, but when Thanatos was visiting, or bringing Percy back home after a date, the son of Poseidon seemed so much lighter and happier, as though all the pain seemed forgotten, even only for a moment's time. "I think an escape from all my friends' drama would be a great idea", drawled Percy cautiously. "Only if your parents agree, of course", added Thanatos, turning to Sally and Paul. Paul grunted a little pleased. When he had become Percy's stepfather, he hadn't really known what he was getting into. After all, Percy had been a teenager already. A demigod who rescued the world, at that. And the whole Percy-Annabeth-relationship had been a done deal back then. He never really thought he'd have to deal with boyfriends. Well, as it was, he was rather pleased by the boyfriend Percy had chosen. Thanatos was polite, thoughtful and actually asked the parents' permission for about anything. After the first date, he had appeared at their place and apologized for not asking beforehand. He always brought Percy back within his curfew and even earlier when he knew Percy still had homework to do – he had actually already tricked Percy into going into museums and libraries when a project of Percy's hadn't been finished yet. "Oh, of course it's alright", chuckled Sally, shaking her head. "Two weeks vacation will be good for Percy. Two weeks with you would be good for Percy." Percy flushed a little, glaring at his mother threateningly. She just smirked at him mischievously. /break\ Percy had been anxiously happy for about ten hours. For the last three hours however, Percy had been bored out of his mind. Thanatos had taken him to the underworld last night after Criminal Minds (as always, Thanatos had been right with who the killer had been). Percy had packed hastily, yet got probably everything he really needed for two weeks (and some more). After arriving, he had placed his suitcase in a corner and let Thanatos show him around. Spacious kitchen, no surprise there considering Thanatos' passion was cooking, a small yet nice and cozy living room, a beautiful bathroom and a bedroom to dream of. After that, they had dived under the covers right away. Sadly – for Percy – strictly to sleep. Granted, Percy had enjoyed that very much too. Being held by those strong arms, abusing Thanatos' chiseled chest as a pillow and his fluffy wings as blankets. Still, he would like to do more than just sleep in the same bed as the hottest god Olympus had to offer. This morning, Percy had woken up alone. With breakfast waiting on a table, a note pinned to it. Of course Thanatos had to work. Just because high school took a break at the end of December didn't mean the underworld did. So after eating breakfast and showering, Percy was now thoroughly bored. He was watching some Doctor Who on Thanatos' Netflix account, but admiring the awesomeness that was the Doctor was only half the fun if he was doing it alone. Turning the TV off, he groaned, collapsing face-first on the couch, whining into it. "Waff?" Percy yelped startled and turned, just to face the innocent eyes of Mrs. O'Leary. Grinning a little, he ruffled her fur. Thanatos had insisted on them taking her with them, in case Percy wanted an 'out'. Right about now, he could actually use one. He sat up and grabbed her leash. "Wanna go for a walk, girl? Oh! Do you think you can sniff out the palace?", asked Percy excited. "I mean, sure, you can shadow-travel us there too, but can you actually sniff it out and lead me to it? Let's