PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Dick King and the Size Queen || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Dick King and the Size Queen – It's All a Matter of Size Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, h/c, BDSM, size kink, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, rimming, collar, over stimulation, crossdressing, spanking, whipping, past abusive relationship (mentions), mpreg Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Will Solace, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Malcolm Cage, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, Chris Rodriguez, Rachel Elizabeth Dare Summary : Nico is large. Abnormally large, really. It reminds some campers of an old tradition, one they hadn't come to since Luke's passing and the wars had broken out. Said tradition may reveal some hidden desires that stun Nico into silence. Desires concerning one Percy Jackson. The Dick King and the Size Queen It's All a Matter of Size It was about two years after the Giant War, when the by now sixteen-years old Nico di Angelo had become a fully frequent camper – after still spending most of his time in the underworld at the beginning and later on enjoying the Roman camp far more due to Jason, Reyna and most importantly Hazel living there – that a rumor about Nico started at camp. Whispers. Gossip. Not about his sexuality. That Nico was gay was by now a more than well-known and accepted fact. Not about his desires. Literally everyone aside from Percy himself knew who Nico liked. No, it was – disturbingly so – about Nico's cock. Communal showers were quite the joy. He was able to hide it for a while, but by now word was out and demigods were a very pervy and gossipy bunch. So by now, Nico's cock was the number one conversational topic. "Okay, man. It's really time to measure that monstrosity", declared Travis with a nasty grin. He, Connor, Chris and Cecil seemed to have teamed up on Nico in the showers. Aside from them, there were also Percy, Malcolm and Will in the bathroom. At Nico's doubtful and confused look, Connor and Chris pushed some lockers out of the way, revealing a hidden 'wall of fame'. "It's an old tradition among boys at camp", explained Malcolm matter-of-factly. "Yeah. We measure and crown the 'Dick King', the dude with the, well, biggest cock", added Cecil with a mischievous grin. "Name, cabin and year of the 'coronation' are left on this very wall." "Our last king was Luke", continued Connor, pointing at it. "And since... since his death, we kind of... well, a lot of things had happened that had higher priority that stupid competitions." "But all of that lays two years back and I think it's time to get back into this glorious tradition", declared Will lightly, clapping Nico on the shoulder. "C'mon, it's time things around here lighten up some and since you're now finally officially a part of camp, you should participate." Nico heaved a sigh, though his eyes found Percy, who still stood in a corner, not saying a word. "Very well. What... do you want me to do to get this over with?" "You're gonna take a shower, jerk yourself hard", declared Travis, laughing as he shoved Nico toward the shower-stalls. "Because hard is the only measurement counting here." "So don't let yourself come!", chimed Connor, snickering and laughing himself. Nico rolled his eyes as he walked past Percy. As though the motion startled Percy from a stupor, he continued brushing his teeth, decidedly staring at himself in the mirror. When Nico passed him, his dark eyes were fixed on Percy's ass. Thanks to the very-very skinny jeans Percy preferred to wear, there was not much left to imagination when it came to that masterfully sculpted piece of perfection. Honestly, just looking at that ass was enough to make Nico's cock harden. Ever since the Giant War had ended and peace had settled in, Nico's teenage hormones seemed to rage. There were a lot of hot pieces of ass that caught his attention and many cute boys seemed to return the sentiment, because over the past two years Nico had filled out nicely – he had hit a growth spurt and was by now a solid three inches taller than Percy and he had also gained a lot of muscles as well as his olive-colored skin back thanks to spending more time in the sun again. Or in short, he was a gay teen-heart throb these days. And Nico most likely had to thank one of his past conquests for this ambush, because after the first cutie Nico had seduced and fucked senseless about a year ago, rumor about his dick-size had spread like a wildfire. It had gained Nico more and more conquests. But they weren't more than notches on his bed-post, really. Release for his pent-up hormones, but never The One. Because The One was currently brushing his teeth and he was still, even after two more years, completely oblivious to Nico's feelings. Though sadly said feelings had only intensified over the past two years and they had blown up with even more desire now. So when Nico entered the shower-stall, all he had to do was close his eyes and think of Percy's body. Sadly, Percy never used the public showers, seeing as he was a son of Poseidon and would take up the bathroom for too long so the Poseidon Cabin was the only one with a private bathroom. So Nico had never gotten the chance to sneak a peek at Percy's naked beauty. But those jeans didn't exactly leave much to imagination. That ass. It was so perfect. Nico couldn't help but imagine pounding it. Or spanking it. Or both. First spanking it until Percy was a crying, begging mess and then fucking him so hard, the boy would see stars. If Percy was his, he'd fuck the boy so often and so hard that this perfectly shaped ass would fit Nico's dick like a glove. Nico gasped strangled as he barely managed to catch himself before coming. Taking a shaky breath, Nico walked out of the shower-stall again. Over the past two years, he had gained a great deal of self-confidence, especially for his body. He had worked hard for it and ever since he had lost his virginity, he also held special pride for his cock. Before, it had never been something he had really thought about, it was his dick and it was the size it was. But after his first sexual partner had been practically drooling and fawning over his cock, Nico grew more aware of the fact that his size was apparently far above average. He grew more proud of it too. When Nico re-entered the locker room, Will was already holding a measuring tape and he had a decidedly too wicked expression on his face. Rolling his eyes, Nico spread his arms in a 'I sacrifice myself' kind of gesture. He had long since learned that the best way to get someone off his case was to just let them have whatever it was they wanted. Well, in most cases anyway. "Woah, that's... a solid eleven inches in length", grunted Connor, eyes nearly popping out. "And a diameter of one inch", added Travis, whistling. "Congratulations, your highness." "Or rather your thickness", snickered Cecil, shoving Nico playfully. "Yeah. That's all nice and dandy, do I get my dick back now?", sighed Nico and rolled his eyes. While the others laughed and joked, Nico noticed out of the corner of his eyes that Percy kept staring at him with an unreadable expression. But before Nico had a chance to approach the boy of his dreams, Percy already bolted out of the bathroom with his things. /break\ Over the following days, Percy seemed to stare at Nico quite often with that unreadable and very confusing expression. Since Will had been there the day of 'the measuring' and since Will had known Percy longer than Nico had and since Nico and Will were basically best friends, the son of Hades decided to get some advise from the blonde. He knew he'd probably never live it down – because Will was that way – but he was dying to know. "What's wrong with Percy?", asked Nico confused as he and Will were alone in the infirmary. "He's been... acting strange, ever since... urgh... my coronation." "Dude, many people are acting strange toward you since then", pointed Will out. "Either because they're jealous, or because they want to... give it a test-ride." "I'm talking about Percy though", grunted Nico and rolled his eyes. "So what?", shrugged Will indifferently. "Truth be told, the Stolls have suspected for a while now that Percy may have been our 'uncrowned king'. Since he never takes showers with us others. Like he's being too modest. And you know him, he's not one to brag. He has always preferred not to make a big deal out of things he's... good at. Things he excels at. Perhaps that's why he's looking at you weirdly, because you broke his unspoken record. And you do know how he is when he thinks he's failing at something. Maybe that's it? You know he doesn't think like normal people." Nico frowned thoughtful. "Maybe that's it... I don't know..." "You know how you could find out?", asked Will in a mocking voice. "By asking him." Rolling his eyes, Nico decided to ignore Will. They talked for a little while before Nico left the infirmary again, Percy still on his mind. Maybe Will did have a point. The best way to find out what was going on in Percy's head was asking the boy himself. But then he would risk Percy not answering or dodging him or things between them getting weird. Maybe a different approach then. /break\ That night, when Nico went to bed, he did something he had promised himself he'd never do. For the sake of Percy's privacy and for the sake of Nico's sanity. He had never before ventured into Percy's dreams, because he thought whatever he'd find there would either be too private on Percy's side, or too tempting for Nico. Or worse yet, both. Which turned out to be the case. Nico stood frozen half behind a pillar. He hid in the shadows as he watched Percy in this dream. Apparently, they were in an ancient Egypt kind of setting. A golden throne stood at the end of a pillar-lined way and on the throne sat no other than himself. Dressed up as a pharaoh, all with the fancy golden jewelry and hair-do and make-up. Only that he was basically naked aside from that, his cock hard and pointing sky-ward. Dream Nico was sitting spread-legged on the throne, holding onto a golden chain with one hand and a whip with the other. Nico slowly inched closer to his Egyptian double, hiding behind the nearest best pillar. His eyes followed the golden chain to find what kind of pet the pharaoh was keeping. Nico's eyes nearly bulged out and he forgot how to breath for a second. Percy. Percy Jackson. Percy Jackson, wearing a way too short linen cloth around his waist as he knelt next to the throne. He was also wearing a heavy golden collar that was connected to the golden chain. And, the most important part, Percy was a catboy, with a flickering long black tail and cute pointy cat-ears sticking up from his messy hair. "My precious little