PJatO || Tritercy || PJatO || Tritercy || Just One Mistake || Tritercy || PJatO || Tritercy || PJatO Title : Just One Mistake – Deception, Detention and Determination Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, student-teacher-relationship, sibling incest, daddy kink, spanking, slight BDSM, bondage, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, mpreg, mermen Main Pairing : Triton/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Triton/Coach Andersen, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis Own Characters : Robyn Pryde, Katelyn Pryde Summary : After the wars, Percy needs time to himself. He attends a special high school with focus on swimming. He's sad to be apart from his family and friends, yes. But he's also grateful for this chance at a new start. Now, after Percy had gotten abducted before, Poseidon is extra-worried. So he assigns Triton with the task to watch over Percy, undercover as his swim-teacher. Triton has an ulterior motive to agree to his father's wish. Posing as a teacher, he's trying to seduce his brother. Birthday request from Karinamoreno2000 - happy birthday, I hope you enjoy it! I'd also like to apologize for my most likely failed attempt at an Australian accent, because I've ever only heard it once in "Rise of the Guardians", so that makes it a little harder. I hope your imagination can fill the gaps. ;) Just One Mistake Deception, Detention and Determination The wars had been hard on everyone. When Percy looked around, he saw adults in the bodies of children. They all had been forced to grow up far too fast. They all had lost too many people. And because they had been forced to grow up so fast, they also managed to somehow find a way to cope with things. In their own pace and their own ways. Percy was proud of his friends, to see them all moving on. He too had found a way to move on. Different from anyone else. Taking a deep breath of the fresh ocean-breeze, he marveled at the beauty of Australia's beach. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. It was more than breathtaking, he could feel the freedom washing over him with every wave that washed ashore and licked the sand, teased his toes. "Oi! Percy, mate! Stop dallying around an' get movin'!" Percy jumped slightly at the loud voice and turned toward the source with a sheepish grin. He needed a new start. He just couldn't. He couldn't stay where so many had died, he couldn't look at what had become of the camps and his friends. Seeing them happy made him happy too, but it also hurt him, because he just wasn't happy. Seeing as he had been kicked out of yet another school due to his eight months disappearance without an explanation, he had to go looking for a new school again. He had drifted around for months, nearly a year. Struggling with his relationship with Annabeth until it fell apart, struggling with the camps, with what had become of the world as he knew it, so to speak. Rachel had given him the push – told him that to be happy, he had to do what made him happy. And what made him happy was working with animals and swimming. He found something. A new school, different from any school he had been on, because this one specifically focused on swimming, Olympic gold-winners had gone here before. It had been just on a whim – when he had seen pictures and videos of the school, he had kept them saved on his computer for months, constantly looking at the website and dreaming, until one day, he had applied for a sports-scholarship. He had not anticipated for them to actually send a scout over to his current school to check him out. He hadn't thought he would actually be accepted, but then again, he was the son of Poseidon – if he couldn't get into a pristine swim-school, who would? Yes, his mother had cried and he too didn't want to leave her again, but... in the end, both knew it was the right decision. They had seen him the past months since the war, had seen how lost and aimless he had been. He needed this chance for a new start. And he wouldn't be gone forever either. He'd return for the Christmas break and his mother and Paul already decided to visit him during spring and they'd come for his graduation. They supported him, they encouraged him – he finally found his path. For too long now, he had basically given up on himself. Not thinking he'd live through the Titan War, not believing he'd make it out of the Giant War alive. But here he was, still alive and without perspectives. He realized he had a life waiting ahead of him. Now, he knew what he wanted and he was determined to get it. He had gotten onto the plane and flew all the way to Australia. The good thing was that he had connections to Sydney. At least of sorts. Robyn Pryde. A former traitor from the Titan War, a son of Hermes who had followed Luke just like Chris and others had, but before the end, Robyn had turned back to camp. Though he had left Camp Half-Blood for good after the Titan War, unable to forget the pain it had caused him. He had returned home to Sydney to live with his mother. Connor and Travis were still in contact with him – many campers still had contact to their siblings who had left (willingly and those who had been banished). Apparently the Stolls had nothing else to do but talk about Percy either (well, they probably kept Robyn updated about everyone from Hermes Cabin), so when Robyn had heard that Percy would need a place to stay in Sydney for the last year of his high school career he offered Percy to live with them. "I'm sorry. It's just... the ocean... so much ocean...", apologized Percy sheepishly. "Son of a sea god", muttered Robyn beneath his breath, shaking his head. Percy grinned at the son of Hermes. Robyn was hot, he had to admit that. Nougat-brunette hair in an undercut, the upper part longer and messy from the ocean breeze, skin bronze from the sun, eyes a piercing yet soft gray. His biceps bulked deliciously, shoulders broad and thighs firm and hard as he jogged through the sand, with Percy hot on his heels. Okay, so maybe a chance in scenery wasn't the only thing he wanted. Ever since Annabeth had broken up with him and told him she had feelings for Piper and ever since Nico confessed to having had a crush on him but him not being Nico's type, Percy had started to question that yes, maybe there was more than 'straight' on the scale. He only had thought about girls, because everyone who had ever approached him had been a girl – Calypso, Rachel, Annabeth, Kinzie, Reyna – and he hadn't known any gays. Now Annabeth was happily in love with Piper and Nico had gotten himself a handsome blonde – that explained why he wasn't Nico's type, still it had come as a bit of a surprise that Jason was apparently bisexual (then again, after some time thinking about it, Percy realized that doing it the Roman way had a whole different meaning). So maybe Percy should start new in more ways than just his school and surroundings. "How come you are going to a swim-school though? I mean-", inquired Percy curiously. "I'm not a son of Poseidon? Big news, ya don't have ta be born to a Sea God to know how to swim, ya know?", chuckled Robyn, raising one eyebrow. "I'm a son of Hermes, god of travelers. Guess what swimmin' counts as, mate. Ah, I missed your naive an' innocent questions, Perce." "Thanks", huffed Percy, with only a playful pout, knowing the Australian didn't mean it in a bad way. "Say, does your mother really don't mind having me over? Son of one of the Big Three, monster bait right here. It's... dangerous for her..." "Ah, stop worryin' 'bout my ma", chuckled Robyn light-hearted, patting Percy's back."Got a powerful best friend, dunno if ya remember him. Liam O'Riley, son of Hecate." "But... he never returned to camp?", asked Percy confused, tilting his head. "Well, I may have turned from the traitors back to camp before the end of the Titan War, but I surely turned my back after it, so there's no one who can forbid me from meetin' my friends from the... other side of the war. So Liam came for a visit before he moved back to Ireland, enchanting the borders to our house with the same kind of magic as Camp Half-Blood, just on a smaller scale." Percy nodded numbly as he was pulled along the way. He remembered Liam, one of the three older brothers of Lou. Morgan had died, he faintly remembered that Alabaster had made it out alive, somewhere, and so was Liam apparently. Another side of the war that he tried to forget. How forgotten the traitors were. There was so much he tried to get behind himself. "There it is. Villa Pryde", announced Robyn and stopped. "Welcome to yer new home, mate." Percy grew a little more nervous. Robyn was one thing, he new the boy from his first two weeks at camp, back when Luke had taught him how to fight, when Travis, Chris, Connor and Robyn used to make fun of him for failing at things. Robyn's mother, she was only a mortal, one he didn't even know. And already, he owed her so much. Moving to another continent as a teenager, he needed a place to stay, support. That they would open their doors to a practical stranger like him... "Ah! That must be the famous Percy Jackson, eh?" Percy jumped slightly in surprise as all of a sudden a beautiful woman stood in front of him. She had the same eyes as Robyn, her face adored with lines of laughter, hair with greyish white streaks in between. She was beautiful, but in a roundish, motherly way. Laughing at his surprised face, the woman pulled him up into a hug, her head fitting under his chin, hair tickling his nose. But for such a small woman, she was strong. He grunted under the force of her bear-hug. "Percy, that's my ma, Katelyn Pryde", introduced Robyn amused. "Ma, that's Percy." "Kate's enough, lad", laughed Katelyn, ruffling his hair. "Now hush, get inside an' settled! Ah prepared the guest room for ya! Ya just go ahead an' feel right at home!" /break\ Feeling right at home came easy with the beach right in the backyard. The room wasn't big, but he had lived smaller when they had been living with Gabe. In return, it was homey. Kate was a woman with a large heart and her hospitality was amazing, which must have been how she had picked the interest of the God of Travelers. She was also a great cook, though she liked to go overboard with the food, but she claimed it was important what with two growing young men and athletes in the house. Robyn was awesome, a good friend. They were getting along great. "So, are ya goin' to ask me out at any time, cause ah start feelin' violated by all the starin'." The two boys were on their way to training after classes, Robyn walking with one arm