PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Notice Me, Senpai || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Notice Me, Senpai – Percy's Romeo and Nico's Kinda Lost... Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, jealousy, misunderstandings, adorable courting Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo Summary : Ever since Nico saw his school's adaptation of Romeo and Juliet, he had been hopelessly in love with Percy Jackson, a senior and the best Romeo possible. The problem? Percy had no idea Nico existed. Until Percy and Nico's sister get teamed up for a history project. Notice Me, Senpai Percy's Romeo and Nico's Kinda Lost... Percy Jackson was perfection wrapped into gorgeousness with a bow of kindness. He was all things good and nice and admirable and it was really not hard to fall in love with him. So in a way, it was entirely not Nico's fault that he was hopelessly in love with Percy. It was Percy's. When Nico's mother had died, he had thought his world was collapsing in itself. He thought all he had left was his big sister Bianca. But there was also their divorced father, who after a few calls, arranged for them to fly from Venice to New York. Having lost his mother and his home, Nico now had to adjust to living with the father he barely ever met and a stepmother who wasn't too warm. On top of that, Nico had been just a kid of ten years. He had never really managed to fit into the American middle school. High school would be different, Bianca had promised. It was, in a way. Nico made friends – Frank, who loved Mythomagic as much as he did, Jason, who was such a silly dork, Reyna, who was his most treasured confidant, Will, who was a total mother-hen, Cecil and Lou, who were both awesome punks. Which brought him to another point. He was a punk. He wasn't the shy, awkward boy who felt so out of place, anymore. He was the exotic rebel. The hot Italian punk. People steered clear off him and his mismatched bunch of nerds and punks. So high school was easier to endure. He had friends, while bullies avoided the frightening punks. People and their superficial, stereotypical way of thinking. They dress black, they must worship Satan and be totally depressed and cut their wrists! Nico was strong, far stronger than that. He had lived through his mother's death and he knew he could survive so much more. There was only and solemnly one problem to life in high school. Percy Jackson. As mentioned before, perfection personified. But this particular perfection had no idea Nico even existed. And truth be told, Nico probably wouldn't know of Percy's existence either if not for his stepmother's obsession with culture. Nico and Bianca needed culture. They had been born and raised in Italy – how much more culture did they need? Or rather, how much more culture would the USA be able to offer them, compared to the ancient history of the beautiful old countryside and city itself? Hades had rested one hand on each his kids' shoulders and practically begged them to accept Persephone's attempts at bonding. Now Nico knew far more Broadway musicals than he ever cared to even remember. Or stage plays. Operas. It was tiring. At any rate, Persephone's bonding had translated to her dragging Bianca and Nico to their drama club's version of Romeo and Juliet . If their school performed such culturally valuable plays, there was no way they would miss it! How embarrassing was it to see the school play as the school's notorious punk and with his mommy at that?! That day, he wished for the ground to open up and swallow him. Until Romeo entered the stage. Beautiful, mesmerizing, charming Romeo with the sea-green eyes and the messy, black hair. Broad shoulders, slender hips, long legs that looked amazing in those thighs – may the gods bless Shakespeare for those – and an ass to die for. To make things short, Nico had hopelessly fallen in love with the actor who played Romeo. Percy Jackson, as Bianca supplied when she noticed the starry-eyed expression on Nico's face and the drool running down his chin. Apparently, Romeo was in the same class as Bianca. All of that laid roughly four months back by now and Nico spend his days pathetically longing for Percy, who turned out to be the captain of their school's swim team – and how had Nico not known that?! All those missed opportunities of watching that delicious body, with strong, lean muscles, nearly naked and dripping wet. Not to mention that ridiculously adorable and proud grin Percy would always wear when he won a race. That stupid grin forced Nico's heart to do all those silly, little jumps like it wanted to break out of his ribcage. Now back to the problem at hand. Gorgeous, athletic, talented, sweet and charming Percy Jackson had no idea that Nico even existed. Sure, Nico could just walk up to Percy and ask him out – and make a total fool of himself in the process. Nico was about ninety-four point six percent sure that Romeo was dating Juliet. Juliet being Annabeth Chase, school president and overall genius. The brains and the muscles. The rational thinker and the impulsive actor. Worst match ever, if one was to ask Nico. Nico shared the opinion that opposites did not attract each other, because for a relationship to work, the participants had to share interests and personality trades too. Not be one and the same, because if two people always agreed on everything, things got boring fast and it was basically dating yourself then. But some basics at least. Like nerding out over comics – Nico knew Percy was a fan of Aquaman, he had seen the Aquaman folder in which Percy carried all his lines for drama club, though Nico was more on the Batman side of comics, which meant they shared their love for comics but not for the same heroes. Or an unhealthy obsession for science fiction – there was a TARDIS key-chain on Percy's backpack and little doodles of fezzes and bowties and Daleks on Percy's notes, which meant they agreed on Doctor Who , but unlike Nico who loved the Ninth Doctor, Percy seemed to prefer the Eleventh Doctor. A quite obvious love for arts too. The fascination with Greek mythology – where Nico had his Mythomagic, Percy seemed to vent through his art; Nico had seen the sculptures of gods that Percy had crafted in art class (they were in a shelf in the art studio, with a nametag and Nico had been blown away when he saw that the sculptures he had been drooling over all semester had actually been crafted by the boy he has now been drooling over for a few months). Overall, they were a perfect match. And Nico was a creepy stalker. Lou and Cecil never failed to point that out to him. Even Reyna and Jason had said so, with concerned looks on their faces – and the couple-version of the scolding, concerned look is even worse than the regular one. And maybe they had a point. Nico knew all those things about Percy because he kept observing the boy while Percy had no idea Nico even breathed the same air as he did. It was borderline pathetic, as Will had told him with the most serious expression ever. Frank had just nodded silently and looked at him like he was a dead man walking – and if Frank wouldn't be dating Nico's little half-sister, Nico would be punching the guy for that. Said little half-sister claimed that Nico was like one of the school girls in her mangas. Hazel loved those girly, Japanese comics with the wide-eyed teenage girls, waiting and longing for their upperclassmen to notice them. Nico hated to admit that maybe, perhaps, Hazel wasn't completely off the target there. "Please keep your broody self locked into your room tonight", ordered Bianca at lunch. "What?", grunted Nico, munching on his bacon sandwich. "Don't tell me you have a guy over." She had pledged to some kind of purity club for girls – their father had literally kissed the floor when she had announced that. Flipping her brother the bird, Bianca refilled both their glasses with their stepmother's self-made lemonade. Hades and Persephone were on a weekend getaway, leaving their children alone. Hazel had used the opportunity to spend the night at her boyfriend's place. And then Hazel's best friend Leo had invited himself along and Nico had no idea how the Latino could be that oblivious to being the third wheel. Then again, Hazel and Frank never minded. Which left Bianca and Nico alone. Nico wanted to spend the night as he spend every other night – plotting Percy Domination. Normally, he and Will would sit together and play Pinkie and Brain. Just instead of dominating the world, the only thing Nico really wanted to dominate was Percy Jackson. Will enjoyed playing the Pinkie to his Brain and point out that all his 'attempts' so far had failed. Said attempts were things such as anonymous chocolate on Percy's desk. How was Nico supposed to know Percy was allergic to peanuts? An anonymous present, a rare TARDIS, wrapped sloppily in paper because Nico had never wrapped a gift before. Had Nico been supposed to know that the school would be calling a bomb squad because of an unsupervised, suspicious package? ...Okay, maybe that one hadn't been completely thought through. A love-poem printed in the school newspaper... which had ended with Percy being the butt of a lot of jokes which honestly hadn't been Nico's intention. He thought it had been a grand, romantic gesture. Flowers had turned out to be as bad a choice as peanut-filled pieces of chocolate. Again, Nico wasn't an invested enough stalker to know of Percy's allergies! Really! So perhaps Will was right and he was doomed to fail. "For your information, I am having a boy over. But not for the purposes you think." "What are you talking about?", grunted Nico confused. "...You just asked me why I want you to lock yourself into your room. And that right there is the reason! You're such a weirdo!", groaned Bianca annoyed and glared at Nico. "You'll only freak him out and I need him to concentrate on our stupid history project." "No, seriously, what in the world are you talking about?", asked Nico slowly, leaning back. "We have this stupid partner project in history. Concerning World War II. You know father's obsession with it, so I offered my designated partner to come over so we can work here, with dad's books", explained Bianca and heaved an over-dramatic sigh. "What. Ever", muttered Nico and stood. "I have better things to do than to linger around my sister pathetically like a guy who has no own friends. Besides, you'll only end up riling me into it too." "Like I would ask my baby brother to help me with my homework!", exclaimed Bianca loudly. /break\ Turned out Nico had no friends, thank you very much. Seeing as Frank was on a date with Nico's sister, Jason and Reyna apparently had date-night too. So had Will and his boyfriend Jake. How was always-a-single Nico supposed to know that Friday night was the unofficial date-night for