PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Perfect Gift || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Perfect Gift – Everything Nico Ever Wanted Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, crossdressing, bondage, spanking, explicit intercourse, anal, oral, rimming, temperature play, abuse of ice-cream, whipped-cream and chocolate sauce, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jason/Reyna, Jake/Will Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Hazel Levesque, Leo Valdez, Frank Zhang, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace Summary : Like nearly all my established-relationship-fics about Nicercy, this can be sorted into my headcanon-timeline. This takes place roughly five weeks after "A Very Half-Blood Christmas". So one month after Percy and Nico got together, Nico's birthday is coming up. And Percy needs it to be perfect. He wants to show he's the perfect boyfriend for Nico, but he can't come up with a gift. Because, according to Nico's friends, the only thing Nico ever wanted was Percy. Birthday-request from Hinata Hyuga byakugan user ! Happy birthday, I hope it turned out the way you wanted it. ;) The Perfect Gift Everything Nico Ever Wanted It was on the 25th of January that Percy slowly started to lose his mind. He was three days apart from Nico's seventeenth birthday. It was the very first birthday of Nico's that the son of Hades would be spending actually around instead of hidden in the underworld. Coincidentally, it was also Nico's first birthday while they were in a relationship. They had started dating only one and a half months ago, after Nico had quite charmingly started courting him with presents during Christmas time. Percy knew they had been going into things a little hastily. After getting together, they had fallen into bed only two weeks later and had moved in together another week after that. At times, Percy feared that all too soon, they would grow bored with each other. So this was very important to Percy. He was afraid they'd drift apart because their relationship had come too fast and too hard, so he needed this birthday to be special, to show Nico that Percy was here to stay and that Percy loved him and didn't want to lose him. "Okay, if you sigh one more time, I will kick you." Percy jumped a little and looked up at Lou Ellen with doe eyes. Percy was sitting at a table in Katie's Salad Bar , poking his salad repeatedly. Seeing as he was in the same classes as Miranda, he hang out a lot at the Gardner sisters' restaurant. Lou and Cecil stared at him curiously. "Why do you look like someone stole your puppy...? Wait, did my brothers steal your puppy?" "No, Cec", chuckled Percy with a half-smile. "Mrs. O'Leary is safe and sound." Cecil and Lou were close friends with Nico, so Percy was always at his best behavior. He knew it was stupid, but seeing how isolated Nico used to be as a child, Percy was so incredibly glad for how many good friends Nico had made after the war. Before that, it had only been Lou and Reyna, not that anyone had known of the Romans and of Nico's friendship with the praetor. Being Nico's boyfriend, it was incredibly important for Percy that Nico's friends liked him, because he didn't want to put Nico into an awkward position where he would have to chose between boyfriend and friends. Luckily for Percy, he was 'the most adorable thing ever and how could anyone not want to pinch your cheeks and cuddle you?', according to... well, most people he knew. "Okay, what's with the sour face then?", inquired Lou and pulled a chair up. "You know what day the 28th is?", asked Percy and heaved a sigh. "Monday?", guessed Cecil a little confused. "Our business term paper is due?", guessed Lou, scratching her nose. "No, wait. It's not." "It's Nico's birthday!", hissed Percy with a glare, waving his arms around. "Oh that, yeah", nodded Lou, waving a dismissive hand. "So what?" "It's his birthday", repeated Percy in a very serious voice. "You already said that", shrugged Cecil confused. "It's not like he's doing anything." "Yeah, I mean, he's never done something for his birthday before either and now that he has you , I guess he just wants to spend the whole day inside of you – ah, I mean, inside with you, such a slip of the tongue there", snickered Lou, winking at Percy. The son of Poseidon blushed and glared at the witch. "That's three days from now and I still don't have a present for him! It's his first birthday since we got together and I have to get him the perfect present to show him that I'm all, you know, considerate and thoughtful and stuff!" "And stuff?", repeated Lou amused, leaning back. "Why?", asked Cecil at a loss. "I mean, I really don't get it." "To make him stay for many more birthdays", mumbled Percy with a bright, embarrassed blush. "Gods, you are the cutest thing ever", cooed Lou and leaned over to ruffle Percy's hair. "Why are you saying that? And stop messing with my hair!", hissed Percy annoyed. "Because you can't get the perfect present for Nico", stated Cecil simply, shrugging. "W—What?", asked Percy with a crestfallen look. "Why?" "Because the only thing he ever truly wanted was you. And now he got you", replied Lou simply. "Oh...", mumbled Percy with a thoughtful frown, before his face brightened so much, Lou wished she had sunglasses with her. "You're a genius ! I have the perfect idea for what to give Nico!" "...Didn't we just tell him there is nothing?", mouthed Cecil confused. Lou, who suddenly found herself hugged tightly by the hero, shrugged half-heartedly. /break\ "You know I hate celebrating my birthday", stated Nico with a frown. "It's not a party. I swear", chuckled Lou as she pushed Nico from behind. "Just a few friends, getting together, enjoying good food", offered Will, pulling one of Nico's hands. "Your favorite food, might I add", grinned Cecil, pulling on Nico's other hand. Nico hung helplessly between the three of them. He had been lured out of hiding with the promise of another meeting. A week ago, an idea had formed in his mind. An agency like child services for demigods, but with lawyers to handle legal affairs in the mortal world to ensure orphaned demigods could legally live in New Athens. An agency to watch over those who were year rounders at camp, because a summer camp wasn't a place for children to grow up. Social apartments where the kids could live and then attend Athena Academy, live a relatively normal life. Older demigods could file to become foster parents for the younger ones, but even those without foster parents should get a place to stay and call home. That was what Nico wanted. He had been overwhelmed by the idea at first, realizing just how much he wanted it. To help future generations. The first one he had shared the idea with had been Lou and his best friend was more than eager to join. They were still thinking about who else to get on board, but for now it was just them, making rough sketches. And another session of rough sketching had been why Nico had left the apartment. After all, today was his birthday and he had been bugged enough that by the time he woke up, Percy already was at the Athena Academy – that was what Nico got for dating a college student. A hastily scribbled note of Happy Birthday, I love you – Here's breakfast pinned to a plate with pancakes. Of course Nico was touched that Percy had taken the extra time to make him breakfast even before classes, but it was still a bummer that Nico didn't get good morning sex after waking up with Percy tugged under his arms where he belonged. So he had been partially relieved when Lou had called and asked if Nico wanted to meet for another brainstorming. Upon leaving the apartment, he had been abducted by Cecil and Lou, who forced him to shadow-travel to New Rome, where a brightly smiling Will had hugged the life out of Nico. At first, it had made Nico smile faintly. After the Giant War, Will had become one of his best friends and that Will, just like Reyna and Jason, had moved to New Rome had been a bit frustrating for Nico. It turned out his friends had abducted him for a not-party. He had a feeling it would be turning into a party. "Happy birthday!", exclaimed a loud chorus once they entered the Happy Dragon . That much for a simple lunch. There was a banner hanging in the restaurant owned by Frank and Hazel, with those two, their own little tinkerer Leo, Will's tinkerer Jake and Jason and Reyna standing beneath it, grinning brightly. Nico turned to glare at Lou, who grinned. "Don't make such a sour face", chided Jason, pulling the son of Hades into a tight hug. "Happy birthday, man", chuckled Jake, patting Nico's shoulder. Jake and Will had moved to New Rome together when Leo had moved in with Frank and Hazel, because Jake and Leo wanted to open a car shop together and for that, it was helpful to live in the same city. Reyna offered Nico a smile as she hugged him. Her hugs were warm and reminded Nico the most of Bianca's. Maybe because of the way she cared for him. "We figured you'd need someone to waste time with until your boyfriend returns from college", whispered Reyna into his ear. "It's just going to be some food with your closest friends." "I am quite capable of spending time without Percy", grunted Nico undignified. "You are. Most of the time you call me", snickered Jason, ruffling Nico's hair. "There's nothing wrong with moping without your lover", grinned Hazel, pulling her brother in. "Just because you and Frank can't be without Leo doesn't render me helpless without Percy." "Me thinks the lady doth protest too much", stated Leo with a laugh. "Come on, Nico. It's your birthday. You can admit that you wanted to spend the whole day locked up with Percy." "...Yeah", sighed Nico a little embarrassed. "I had plans that involved Percy tied to our bed." "And that's why Percy called us and asked us to abduct you!", announced Cecil. "He did?", asked the son of Hades suspiciously. "Yeah. He gave us a call two days ago that Cecil and Lou would bring you here. And then he gave us a list of your favorite food so we could get it ready", nodded Leo amused. Nico felt a weird, warm feeling bubbling in his chest. Having friends was one thing and he had gotten used to it over the past three years, but having a boyfriend, it was something else entirely. And such a thoughtful boyfriend at that. Nico had never celebrated his birthday, not since they had left Venice, because it held too many painful memories. His mother and Bianca were both dead and gone, the only people he had ever celebrated his birthdays with. His family. But in that very moment, Nico realized that maybe, he had gained a new family over the past years. Jason and Reyna were smiling at him as they pulled him along the table, where Cecil, Lou and Will were already seated.