PJatO || Hadephonercy || PJatO || Royal Consort of the Underworld || PJatO || Hadephonercy || PJatO Title : Royal Consort of the Underworld – How Nico Unwillingly Became a Match-Maker Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, hetero, threesome, character death, hurt/comfort, fluff, explicit intercourse, anal, double penetration, pegging, toys, bondage, spanking, crossdressing, daddy kink Main Pairing : Hades/Persephone/Percy Side Pairings : Charles/Silena, Luke/Octavian, Nico/Jason (mentioned) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Sally Jackson, Luke Castellan, Charles Beckendorf, Silena Beauregard, Octavian Simmons, Small Bob, Mrs. O'Leary Godly Characters : Hestia, Demeter, Despoine, Persephone, Hades, Makaria, Melinoe, Zerberus Own Hellhounds : Plutonius, Persephonus, Demetrius Summary : Percy fell into a deep, dark hole after the Giant War. But unlike Tartarus, he doesn't know how to crawl out of this one on his own. Good for him that the children of the underworld catch on and hatch a plan to make him feel better. In the underworld, he receives help from an unexpected source and starts feeling more like himself for the first time in too many months. Request for Son of Cupid ! I do hope it turned out how you pictured it, it was a lot of fun to write ;) Royal Consort of the Underworld How Nico Unwillingly Became a Match-Maker "We're going to have a guest for dinner. For... dinners, for an undetermined amount of time." Persephone looked up from where she sat square on Hades' lap and had been busy making out with her husband. Hades grunted and also turned his head to glare at his son. Nico stood there leisurely, very used to finding his father and stepmother all over the palace making out. "I told you before not to bring your blonde stray puppy home", grunted Hades displeased. "First of all, I told you not to call Jason a stray puppy", grumbled Nico with his arms crossed over his chest and a glare etched into his face. "Secondly, if you got to bring your kid of Zeus down here for alone time, so do I – because I live here too. And thirdly, it's not Jason." "Then who is it?", asked the daughter of Zeus with a slight sigh. Nico ruffled his hair a little awkwardly. "It's Percy Jackson." There was a long stretch of silence in which Hades and Persephone stared at Nico in shock. The married couple then turned to lock eyes and have a silent exchange before both got up and motioned for Nico to lead the way. This, they had to see, because it was really hard to believe. "Wait, does that mean you broke up with the Grace?", asked Hades suspiciously. "What? No! I'm still dating Jason. I didn't bring Percy here as my concubine or something either", grunted Nico and rolled his eyes annoyed. "I brought him here because he's my friend and he needs help. Since no one else seems able to help him, I figured maybe a change of scenery will." "And the underworld came to you because he's been to eager and happy the last three times he was down here, yes?", drawled Hades unimpressed, eyes on the back of Nico's head. "Doesn't he have enough options between home, two camps and New Rome?" Nico halted and they nearly ran into him. Persephone frowned curiously as she saw Nico's clenched fists and how he the boy stared down at the floor. It was rare to see Nico like that. Ever since Nico and Persephone had rekindled, they got along rather well. "He doesn't exactly have a home at the moment", muttered Nico with a glare. "His... mother died in a car crash a month ago, so he moved out at 'home' because everything reminds him of her. Camp Half-Blood... everyone he knows and loves there has moved on due to age. We're all trying our best in New Rome, but it's just not enough. Or too much. I really can't tell, I think he might feel smothered and feels even worse because he doesn't get better and worries us. So we try harder and feels even more like a failure and it's not enough and too much, but... Percy needs more ." "And what more does the underworld have to offer to him?", inquired Hades doubtfully. "His mom", replied Nico softly. "The only thing that helped me get over Bianca's death was Bianca. Sally will be the only one able to consult Percy. And... maybe it'll help him if he's not being smothered by worrying friends anymore either. He will stay here until he's better. I'm not even asking, father. This is important to me – he is important to me. He saved the world, he deserves to... to get the help he needs. He deserves this." Hades shook his head just a little bit and refrained from commenting. Instead, he allowed his son to lead the way to the empty bedroom opposite Nico's room. In it, they found Percy Jackson, curled together in the center of a large four-poster bed with black satin sheets and black silken curtains. He looked so small and fragile as he slept fitfully. Even Hades felt his heart ache for the boy. "The poor thing", sighed Persephone as she sat down next to the boy on the bed, gently caressing his soft, fluffy hair. "Of course he can stay until he's better." And there Hades' opinion went out of the window, of course. He might be the lord of darkness and king of the underworld, but in the end he was going to do whatever his wife wanted. And if she wanted to keep the stray puppy, well then Hades was apparently adopting a stray puppy. "So he's staying?", nodded Nico sternly, glaring up at his father. "He's staying", sighed Hades and nodded slowly. /break\ It took two weeks for Percy to slowly come out of his shell some more. He had spent all his time in his room so far, having Nico bring him food from the surface and forcing him to eat. Finally, Percy got out of his room. He sat wearily at the dining table, staring at everyone else gathered. Hades, Persephone, their daughters Makaria and Melinoe, Nico and Hazel too. Percy sat at one head of the table, with Hazel and Nico on either side of him and Hades and Persephone opposite him. "How are you feeling, Percy?", asked Persephone gently. "It's nice to see you out of your room." Percy ducked his head at that. "Yeah. Sorry... I was not really a good house guest so far, I guess. Thanks... for letting me stay. I guess I'm... feeling better? Talking to her... helps." Persephone smiled kindly and nodded. Hades had allowed Sally permanent stay in the castle and thanks to Melinoe's control over ghosts, her form was far more tangible than a normal ghost's. Talking to her like that, it had improved Percy's mental health very much. The nearly black bags under his eyes were nearly gone and he was eating regularly again – not enough and it hadn't filled out Percy's body enough to cover his rips again just yet. Persephone's eyes found her husband. She knew he had cashed in a favor from Morpheus when he had noticed, a few days into Percy's stay down here, that the boy had horrible nightmares every single night. Everyone always accused the kind of the underworld to be this cold, cruel man, but oh Persephone knew – he had a heart of gold. "I'm glad to hear that", smiled Hazel and grasped Percy's hand. "Everyone's..." She paused. She wanted to tell him how worried everyone was for him – to show him that they all cared so deeply for him. But she knew that worrying everyone would only make him feel guilty again. That was what had led to this whole situation to begin with. Being with his friends, who cared and tried to help him through it, but every single day, Percy would have to tell them that they weren't helping, that he wasn't better – and they would look disappointed or hurt. Not hurt by him, or disappointed in him, but disappointed in the general situation because they wanted for him to feel better. Here, with only Nico and Sally as a constant around him, he didn't have to worry how his mental healing process was affecting those closest to him. It was a major point that helped him in getting better. Hazel felt really torn, because she wanted to remind him of the upper world and the people who loved him and were still alive , but she also didn't want to set him back. "Tell them I miss them", nodded Percy and stared down at their joined hands. "But you're... happy here? I mean, happier?", asked Hazel cautiously. "I dunno", shrugged Percy with a frown. "I mean, this is... the first time I left my new room? So yeah, still getting used to everything, I guess. But... it helps. Nothing here reminds me of... bad stuff. And I can actually talk to my mom here." "Perhaps it is time for you to explore some more then", offered Hades casually. "Girls, I'm sure you wouldn't mind giving our honored guest a tour of the facilities, would you?" "If I have to", sighed Melinoe irritated. "That sounds like a wonderful idea!", exclaimed Makaria eagerly. Percy blinked doe-eyed and turned to stare at the two goddesses. Nico had introduced them as his godly half-sisters. He felt a little dubious about it all, if he was being honest. He remembered the clear distaste Triton had displayed for him. Melinoe wasn't the biggest fan of... literally anything, because she had a great distaste for all things living, while Makaria seemed very hyperactive and also relatively friendly, as far as Percy could tell. He carefully looked over at Hades and Persephone. He really had no idea why the two even allowed him to stay, much less why they were being nice. He knew Persephone kept leaving him clothes and bath supplements – it had to be Persephone, because the bubble baths and shampoos and soaps all were flowery scented and very tasteful; something he doubted Nico and Hades to be capable of in that department. /break\ Persephone smiled gently as she approached her husband on silent feet. He didn't notice her; he was too enthralled in what he was watching. She knew exactly what he was watching. Or rather, who he was watching. Percy was in the garden, playing with 'the puppies'. The boy had been in the underworld for a month now and after Makaria and Melinoe gave him his first tour of the underworld, he grew more daring and started exploring it on his own. Of course, he spent most of his time in Elysium with his friends and his mother. But he also went on a lot of 'adventures', exploring the depth and acquainting himself with the underworld council. Persephone had heard from them all only praises and nice words. Well, perhaps not from Olethros and Styx, but those two rarely had anything good to say about anyone. Hecate, Morpheus, Hypnos and Nemesis seemed fond of Percy already. Thanatos had been fond of Percy since him, Hazel and Frank had rescued the Death God. Persephone's smile softened a little as she marveled at his ability to wrap everyone around his little finger just like that. Another one, and maybe even Percy's biggest fan, was Zerberus himself. The three-headed guard of the underworld loved the belly-rubs and