PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Knights of the Triangular Table || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Knights of the Triangular Table – The Necromancer and the Lord of the Lake Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; medieval AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, magic, dragons/shape-shifters, character death (temporary), hetero, polyamory (threesome) Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Jason/Reyna, Charles/Silena, Chris/Clarisse, Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jake/Will, Ethan/Alabaster, Octavian/Luke Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Octavian Simmons, Luke Castellan, Ethan Nakamura, Alabaster C. Torrington, Lou Ellen, Cecil Rogers, Thalia Grace, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano Summary : The kingdoms of Elysium, Atlantis and Olympus have been at war for many centuries. A prophecy speaks of a great king who will unite the three realms by pulling a magical sword from a stone. Prince Nico, heir to Elysium, wants to bring peace to his people and goes on a quest. Legend has it that the sword was given by the Lady of the Lake, so he sets out to find her. Knights of the Triangular Table The Necromancer and the Lord of the Lake On a larger island not too far off from the main land, there were three main realms. The kingdom of Atlantis, stretching along the sandy coast of the island, ruled by the fair folk. Elves of all variants – water elves, better known as nymphs, had been on the throne of Atlantis for many centuries now. A peaceful realm, most times. Yes, its water-bound creatures could be deadly to sailors of foreign and enemy countries, luring them into death with their siren's songs, while the elves of the forest could kill with a straight shot of their arrows. The race of elves was mainly peaceful, but when provoked they were precise and deadly. Their kingdom was a long stretch of beaches, surrounded by the thick forest, heavily guarded by the elves. The kingdom of Olympus, the richest of kingdoms. A great military force, not going into war on horseback but on dragons. They had caught and tamed the mighty beasts, making their mostly human-based kingdom the most dangerous in terms of attack, guarding the human bases that were located around and on the high mountains of their realm. It was a theme for them. The humans who feared magic seemed to be the ones to use it most excessively and for their own gains. Magic was only tolerated if it could serve humans and the humans were more than weary toward those who carried magic in their hearts, namely sorcerers and faeries. And lastly the kingdom of the magic-users. Elysium, ruled by warlocks and witches, sorcerers and enchantresses. They were the most suppressed and feared kingdom. Even though their pure strength alone would easily be able to overwhelm Olympus, they did not share the same prestige. Olympus was a kingdom respected throughout the archipelago and even the main lands. Elysium however was feared throughout, for humans feared what they did not understand and what they could not achieve themselves, like the magic from within. It was why the magic-users found themselves pushed to the outskirts of the island, in the deep, steep valley behind Olympus' mountains. Many, many years ago, a prophecy had been given to the young kings of those three kingdoms. For years, they had been at war and in the middle of one of their countless battles did a beautiful water faery, one of Atlantis' oracles, approach them. She gave the three kings a prophecy. She showed them a magic sword, forged with dragon-fire in Olympus, bound by magic in Elysium and cooled in the deepest ice-lake of Atlantis. When the kings heard that this was the most powerful weapon in history, all three lunged at it with greedy hands. Yet before they could reach it did the Lady of the Lake thrust the sword into a stone and called out throughout that land that one day, a king would be born. A king so pure of heart and filled with bravery. She called him the once and future king, a king destined to unite the warring nations into one kingdom, bringing peace to all races. The king would reveal himself by pulling the magical sword from the stone, for only he of pure heart would even be able to pull the sword free. All three kings tried, yet neither succeeded. The war came to a bit of a stand-still after that, as every king found himself determined that he would sire a son who would be that once and future king, to seize all power over the island. The tension between the kingdoms seemed to calm down into a truce as King Zeus, King Hades and King Poseidon came around. They created the triangular table, placed in the meeting hall of a tower centered at the peak of a cliff where all three kingdoms met. A table where each king would sit at the head and all three were equal. A table were the document of truce was signed. Yes this peace instigated by the calmest of the three kings, King Poseidon, was a very fragile one. King Hades was a powerful warlock, a necromancer. Controller of the dead. Under his leadership, Elysium had an army of ghouls at its disposal. And King Zeus? King Zeus feared that power. Fear made humans do stupid, stupid things. Like try and assassinate Queen Maria, killing her and her young daughter. The peace that had lasted merely two decades found its fast end at that and the war flared up stronger than ever before as Hades attacked with a vengeance. For seven years did Prince Niccoló of Elysium grow up in the midst of war and all he ever wanted was peace for his people and for his family. He remembered the tale of the once and future king. His mother used to tell it to him when she tucked him in at night. Of a magical sword, given by the Lady of the Lake, to unite the kingdoms. Nico had always dreamed of being that king. So when he reached seventeen, he packed his things and gathered a group of warlocks, witches and knights to accompany him on a quest to find the Lady of the Lake. For the location of the magical sword had long been lost to legend. Perhaps she could point them into the right direction. "If she's even real." "You're such a downer, Alabaster", grunted Nico displeased, glaring at his friend. "I'm just saying. Lady of the Lake. Sounds ominous. Who's to say if she ever even existed?" "And if she did, she would be half a millennium old at this point, so chances are she's dead." "Thank you, Ethan. That's another important point. Even if she was real, she's probably dead." Nico's glare intensified as he shouldered his back and stomped ahead of his friends. Alabaster was the strongest warlock Nico knew and he was one of Nico's best friends. Alabaster huffed as he got elbowed by his younger sister Lou and edged on to follow. Like her brother, Lou was a witch. Nico had also taken his own younger half-sister Hazel, whose magical abilities nearly rivaled Alabaster's, his other best friend Will, who was a strong warlock specialized on healing-magic, and three knights – well, two and a half knights, because while Luke and Ethan were high-ranking and well-respected knights, Cecil was their squire. Together, the eight of them were going to change fate. "Personally, I think that the Lady of the Lake is real", offered Will gently. Nico gave the blonde a crooked smile, grateful that at least this best friend of his was always on his side. Will was actually a half-blood; his mother was a witch and his father was a light elf. He had always been fascinated by the fair folk because of that, even though he had never met his father in person. Then again, Nico himself was rather fascinated with the fair folk too. "She certainly is or was real in one way or the other", snorted Luke casually. "After all, it is the fair folk. Some of them do possess great magical powers themselves, especially so the gift of prophecy. And with that title, she most likely is a nymph of sorts." "Water elf", corrected Hazel seriously. "Technically, they're called water elves." "Technically? Really? Does that matter?", snorted Luke. "Fine, whatever. A water elf." "We should try to show some respect. Considering we're going to their kingdom, asking them for help", added Ethan pointedly, brushing shoulders with Luke. "Sure, but before we get to see any kind of elves, we have to get through Olympus without being eaten alive by a dragon or grilled by a dragon rider", muttered Cecil beneath his breath. "Oh, we'll be fine", assured Lou in a chipper mood. "That's the easy part of the quest, after all." /break\ So far, their journey had been pretty boring actually. They stayed on the low paths that ran through Olympus, trying to hide under the tall trees wherever a forest would find its way through the narrow valleys of the kingdom. Weeks had passed with them just traveling on foot and fighting their way through the complicated environment. They wished they would have been able to take horses, but with the unpredictable route before them, it would have been impossible. The valleys between the mountains sometimes only left such narrow paths that it was a balance act for the group alone. Things didn't stay calm, of course. Because why would they? Then again, Nico had been prepared for trouble from the get-go, it was why he had gathered a group of strong warlocks, witches and knights. Yet all the magic and fighting power was pretty useless when surprised in their sleep. Nico knew that putting Ethan and Alabaster on watch together had been a very bad, not good idea, because the couple would just make out, fuck, exhaust each other so much that they'd both fall asleep. Nico should have known better, but at that point, he had been so tired, he had just nodded to whoever volunteered for watch so he could fall asleep for at least a few hours. Nico woke up surrounded by four dragons and their riders, sharp teeth bared as the dragons stood ready to burn them at a second's notice if one of them were to use their magic. Just great. "Who are you and what is your business in my kingdom?", barked one of the riders. "Your kingdom?", asked Nico with the slightest sneer. The rider lifted his helmet, revealing messy blonde hair, electric blue eyes and a memorable scar on his lip. Nico's eyes widened some. Sure. They ended up being caught by the youngest prince of Olympus. Of course. What else was new with Nico's luck? "Holy shit, you're Prince Jason", yelped Cecil, wide-eyed. "I knew this was a shitty idea, Nico!" Prince Jason seemed intrigued by that. "Yes, I am Prince Jason. Now, who are you?" "I'm-", started Nico, straightening his back. "Not dumb enough to actually say it, are you?", hissed Luke, elbowing him. Nico regarded him briefly and the knight backed down with a defeated sigh, shaking his head. "I am Prince Niccoló of Elysium. And these are my trusted and strongest allies. Now if you would tell your oversized lizards to close their mouths before we might just turn them into regular sized lizards, that would be wonderful. We mean you no harm,