PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || The Dragon's Treasure || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Dragon's Treasure – The Prince and the Beast Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; fantasy AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, magic, dragon-shifter, kidnapping, heat, explicit intercourse, anal, knotting, mating, mpreg Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Blackjack Summary : Most princes go out and slay dragons. Prince Perseus of Atlantis did that too, or at least he used to. Until one particularly annoying dragon started kidnapping him . Not that Percy needs a knight in shining armor to save him. Or... that he even wants saving, because the mighty black beast seems able to turn into a very handsome humanoid form and calls himself 'Nico'. Birthday request from Angelontherun5876 - happy birthday and I hope you like it ;) The Dragon's Treasure The Prince and the Beast Being abducted by a dragon sucked. That was the thought running through the head of Prince Perseus of Atlantis as he dangled from the beast's snout. The gigantic black dragon carefully held him by the nap of his shirt as he stomped over the land and to his cave, head raised high in the proud way a cat would when carrying a mouse. See, the problem was that Percy, as the prince preferred to be called, wasn't a damsel in distress, he was a prince and a knight. One of the best knights in the realm, only proceeded by his father the king and his older brother Prince Triton, heir to the throne. In fact, Percy was also a dragon-slayer. And that, he was the best of in the entire kingdom. It was a thing, throughout the seven kingdoms. Dragons were a real pest, they invaded all seven kingdoms and liked abducting dames and princesses. Which was where knights like Percy came into play, saving the damsel in distress, getting praised by the king and celebrating with their fellow knights. That was how it ought to be, or how he had learned it was supposed to be. "Put me down, you silly dragon, so I can at least ride on your back", sighed Percy. "This whole dangling thing is making me dizzy and you know it, Nico. And we could fly if I'd sit on your back." The large dragon huffed and put Percy down, not without nudging him once. Before nearly falling over, Percy patted the silly dragon's snout. That much for vicious killers and monsters. That much for coming in to save the day. No, months ago this stupid big dragon had changed Percy's world... /flashback\ Percy was a proud knight. He sat by his loyal horse Blackjack, polishing his trusty sword Riptide. He had done good by their kingdom. A middle-sized golden-yellow dragon had been invading the outskirts of town and attacked the blacksmith, yet Percy had victoriously chased it away. He wasn't sure what the dragon had wanted with the forges, but his friend Annabeth had told him dragons liked shiny things, so perhaps it had targeted the weapons the blacksmith was making. Not that dragons made a lot of sense to begin with. They came, they kidnapped someone and then they flew off to their caves again. Most the time they abducted pretty ladies. No one knew why they took girls, mainly rich ones, but again the assumption was it were the shiny things. Rich girls wore jewelry and gold and silver and all that shiny stuff, so maybe that attracted the dragons. A dragon never ate their captive right away though. When Percy or another knight reached the cave, the damsel was normally still there. Perhaps dragons kept them for later? Or only liked them riper? Percy didn't know, he just knew he had to keep saving his people. With some exceptions. He was once sent to save Lady Rachel as the villainous Lord Kronos tried to kidnap her. By the time Percy arrived at the scene, the fair lady had already knocked the foe out with a heavy hairbrush of hers. Ever since, Percy and Rachel had been close friends, because damn, he really respected that. "Dragon! Dragon!", called a couple frightened villagers. Percy frowned and slowly put the rag down before standing up, newly shining sword in hand. Blackjack whined and nudged him, agitated by the frightened people. Percy patted his snout in a soothing manner before he made his way into the direction from where the panicked masses came. What he found was astonishing. Absolutely breathtaking. While most other knights just saw ravaging beasts, Percy saw the might, power and beauty of the dragons. Those giant beasts with scales and horns, breathing fire and soaring the sky unhindered, they were fascinating. And this one? This one was beyond anything Percy had ever seen. It was black, pitch-black as though its scales were swallowing the light itself, but its horns were silver – real, pure silver, shining in the sun. Its scales were at places adored with sapphires and its wings had the widest span Percy had ever seen. It was absolutely breathtaking. Night-black eyes zeroed in on Percy, startling him. He was even more startled when the dragon roared and spewed fire – blue fire. Never before had Percy seen a dragon that spit blue fire. Yellow to red was the normal spectrum, but occasionally one would produce green fire. Blue, that was new. And it was beautiful. "Okay, enough with the whole burning-down-the-village-gig!", called Percy out annoyed as he lifted up his sword, straightening his back and charging for the beast. "Cease it, monster!" The dragon... looked honestly offended by being called a monster. It nearly made Percy pause, but he was too well-trained to get distracted by strange things like those. The dragon roared and dodged him. It was a swift back and forth for a while, Percy being unable to land a proper hit yet the dragon also not managing to hurt Percy. It nearly seemed as though the dragon was playing for time. Percy all the while was trying to at least herd it out of the village, which seemed to be working. Relentlessly charging and swinging his sword wasn't working very well though, because it really was just tiring him out. Until the dragon landed a lucky hit, effectively knocking Percy out. Everything went black and the next time Percy opened his eyes, he was feeling very fuzzy. He was also very warm and very comfortable. When blinking the fuzziness away, he noticed that... he was laying in the clawed hands of the black dragon, being as carefully cradled in them as his baby brother Tyson had cradled a hurt little bird that he had found last week to show it to Percy. Percy frowned confused. A single silver claw was running down Percy's stomach, in a nearly tender caress. Which only made Percy frown even more. His sword was missing. "What... in the world. You took the wrong person, dumb dragon. I'm a prince, not a prince ss ." "Not every dragon likes pretty princesses, some of us do prefer a pretty prince", replied a dark, rumbling voice, echoing through the cave. "And it is not polite to call others 'dumb'." It took a moment for Percy to place the voice and even then he had a hard time wrapping his head around it. He very slowly turned his head to face the dragon whose black eyes bore into Percy's very soul. The young prince gulped hard, causing the dragon to look nearly amused. "You... can... t—talk...", stammered Percy, feeling like the ground beneath his feet was crumbling, only that there was no ground because he was still being held by the dragon. "I've gone mad." "Debatable", hummed the dragon, very clearly amused now. "But yes, of course I can talk. All dragons can talk, we just choose not to because most humans are not good conversationalists." "So... why are you talking to me? And why did you abduct me?", asked Percy skeptically. The dragon seemed to frown as he tilted his head – the voice was very clearly male. "If I put you down now, will you be a good, little human and not run away? If you try to run, I will be forced to punish you and I did have other plans for today, little one." "First of all, I'm not little !", sputtered Percy with a fierce glare. "Of course, fragile creature that fits into the palm of my hand", drawled the dragon out sarcastically. Percy's glare darkened even more, though he also looked a bit embarrassed. "Whatever. Yes, yes I won't run away. I just want to know what the hell is going on here." The dragon cautiously put Percy down before patting his head with a single claw. "There, there. Good, little human. Now, just sit there and wait for a moment. Don't scream, it's annoying." Percy wanted to ask why, but then it already happened. The magnificent dragon shrank down to... a human-like version of himself. His skin was darker than that of Percy or his country's people, an olive-color, there were patches of scales on his arms and torso. Black curls and silver horns on his head, eyes still as dark and intense as they had been before, with a predator-like look on his face. Percy shuddered under that intense gaze. Around his hips was a piece of leather wrapped that looked pretty much like the dragon's skin had; black, beautiful and adored with sapphire-shards. Thanks to the cloth only around his loins, the human-looking dragon was showing off his very nice physique. Percy felt his face heat up as he stared at the gorgeous creature in front of him. The most stunning parts however were behind the young man – large, black leather wings (though of course smaller than the ones from his dragon-form; proportionally shrunken down) and a black tail whipping behind his body. Percy had never seen anything like this creature before. "W—What are you?", stammered Percy, clearly frightened by the new things. "I'm a dragon. I had hoped you would be up to speed on that", sighed the creature disappointed. "My name is Níehkkón tou Chaédez, but you can call me Nico, it is most likely easier to pronounce for your human tongue. I am a dragon. And yes, all dragons can talk and all dragons have a humanoid form. Though we only talk to those we deem worthy. And our humanoid form is normally reserved for our mates. I do have the urge to smack you upside the head however and if I'd do that in dragon-form you will most likely never recover from it." "Why do you—ouch!" Percy interrupted himself as he was smacked upside the head by a tail. "You need to stop it with the dragon chasing in your village", demanded Nico annoyed, arms crossed over his chest. "It's starting to get on my nerve, so stop it ." "But you've never even been to our village! Why does it bother you ?", hissed Percy annoyed. He was busy rubbing the back of his head while Nico huffed. "The big yellow dragon you've been chasing away for the last few weeks? That is my best friend Will and he is annoyingly whiny because you keep cockblocking him. All he wants to do is court the blacksmith, but every time he gets close to Jake, you keep intervening, which frustrates him and that in turn frustrates me ." "...You need to slow down, scaly",