PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Kitten's Nest in the Hellhound's Den || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Kitten's Nest in the Hellhound's Den – How Nico Learned a Lesson About Omegas Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, ABO-verse, shape-shifters, hurt/comfort, misunderstanding, nesting, fluff, shoujo-ai, hetero, polyamory (threesome) Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Reyna/Jason/Annabeth Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Annabeth Chase Summary : Nico doesn't really know a lot about omegas, so how was he supposed to know about nesting, or be able to recognize a nest? After he gets a proper scolding from the omegas in his pack, he has some groveling and begging to do, because Percy nesting in Cabin Thirteen? That sounds really, really, really good once Nico understands what it means. The Kitten's Nest in the Hellhound's Den How Nico Learned a Lesson About Omegas The fact that Nico di Angelo knew nothing about omegas became abundantly clear when he nearly got himself mauled by Annabeth Chase for destroying Percy Jackson's nest. In Nico's defense, he grew up in the 30s, back when unmated alphas simply didn't have contact with unmated omegas, especially not unchaperoned. The idea of an unmated omega casually hanging out at an unmated alpha's den? Scandalous. And Nico had only been a child, so he had not exactly been taught much when it came to sexuality and behavior – and the past six years in 'modern days', well, four of them Nico had spent in the underworld without a pack and without any unmated omegas in his close proximity. Or any omegas at all, really. Nico had been fourteen when he really joined society, when he really joined a pack. But even at fourteen, he wasn't attending high school or had older siblings or parents who would teach him such social cues. So, really, it could hardly be considered Nico's fault that he accidentally destroyed Percy's nest. He hadn't known it was a nest. Nico had returned to his cabin that afternoon, as he always did after his sword-fighting lessons. All he wanted was a quick shower – the plus-side of having a cabin that was not expected to host a dozen kids and that got built after the Titan War; Nico got to build a proper bathroom attached to his cabin. But before Nico could even head to the shower, he stumbled over his own clothes. Nico's bed was in one corner of the cabin, with some makeshift walls made of shelves separating Nico's half of the cabin from Hazel's half for some privacy. Now, what Nico was stumbling over were his own clothes, sprawled out in the corner-space between Nico's bed and said makeshift shelf-wall. At first, Nico had frowned confused, before realizing it was most likely Percy's doing. Somehow, the unmated omega was hanging out at Nico's a lot . And stealing clothes was a thing Percy also did a lot. With all of his pack. Sometimes, Percy would wear Frank's jacket, or he would wear Reyna's scarf, or Annabeth's hat (granted, that one mostly to play a prank on someone). So finding his closet raided or messed-up was not something new. That Percy would spill all of Nico's closet out on the ground in his search for something specific? New. Still, Nico cleaned it up and then went to take a shower. But when he got out of his bathroom and left his cabin again, he was instantly attacked by Annabeth, who was snarling and feral as she lunged at him. Which brought Nico back to the right now, where he was back in his cabin, holding a frozen pea-bag against his face while leaning his head back. The problem was, he was surrounded by his alpha friends. Reyna, Hazel and Frank had shadow-traveled here to now look at him pointedly. "What are you guys doing here?", had Nico asked when they had entered his cabin. "Oh, we just want our omegas back", had been Reyna's slightly agitated reply. "Because they have been holed up in Cabin Three to comfort Percy ever since you messed up. You messed with an omega's nest? And not just any omega. Percy. Honestly? What is wrong with you, Nico...?" And that had been that. For the past five minutes, Nico had been mulling this over and holding a bag of frozen peas, courtesy of Hazel who had pressed them into his hand the moment she had stepped through the shadows. Now, Nico was aware he didn't know a lot about omegas, but this? "What does it mean?", asked Nico reluctantly. The other alphas seemed startled by this, like they had not expected Nico to reply anything at all. Hazel heaved a deeply disappointed sigh as she sat down next to her brother on his bed. Frank grunted and shook his head, returning to his pacing. Reyna just gave a hopeless sigh. "You... don't know what it means to mess with an omega's nest?", asked Reyna concerned. "How?", shrugged Nico with a frown. "I mean, I know... omegas do that. Nesting. But... I always pictured it like... birds do? I don't know. I didn't expect my closet to be abused for that!" "Oh gods, he's completely lacking fundamental sex ed, isn't he?", muttered Frank in realization. Realization also dawned on Reyna and she raised both her eyebrows. "Oh dear... Nico..." The Latina took a deep breath and massaged her temples. "Where to start with this one...?" "How about you explain to me why Percy's nest should be in my cabin?", suggested Nico confused. "I mean, like, I wouldn't mess with his cabin, because I'd expect his den to be where he'd... nest... whatever that means. But... how do I get a black eye out of cleaning up my own den ?" There was a long pause in which the other alphas seemed to contemplate on how to explain this to Nico if Nico didn't understand it. Like it was something that was obvious and should be understood. "Omegas build nests", started Frank awkwardly, fidgeting with his hands. "They do that when their heat is coming up or when they're pregnant. They build nests out of stuff that smells and feels safe. Like, clothes from the pack. It's why Percy, Leo, Jason and Annabeth regularly steal clothes from us all, because we're alphas from their pack and thus, we feel safe. We smell safe." "Wait. Annabeth is stealing clothes from me ?", sputtered Nico disturbed. "Believe me, she's as pleased by that as you are", snorted Reyna and rolled her eyes. "But yes, even to Annabeth, you smell like pack. What? Where... did you think your clothes disappeared to?" "I figured it was just Percy. He steals clothes from everyone. I figured it was a Percy-thing." "It's an omega-thing", corrected Hazel with a small, fond look on her face. "It's a Percy-thing to also wear the clothes he's stealing. Leo only uses your clothes for his nest, the only clothes he is wearing are Frank's and mine, if something of mine actually fits him." "Okay. So... omegas build nests when they go into heat and when they're pregnant. And they build their nests out of stuff that smells like pack", summed Nico up slowly. "But that still doesn't explain why Percy would build his nest in my den . Back in my day, an unmated omega would never even dare to enter an unmated alpha's den. Why would Percy build his nest in my den?" "Really?", asked Reyna slowly, both eyebrows raised, just to sigh when Nico still stared at him completely lost. "Omegas build their nests in their own dens normally, yes. Unless they have mates or are courting. Then they build their nests in their mates' dens, because the additional protection of it being their alphas' den is even better. Now, think long and hard on what that might mean." "...Percy... isn't my mate. We're not courting", supplied Nico confused, frown on his face. "Wait. D—Do you mean... Do you mean Percy wants me as his alpha...?" "Yes", groaned Frank, throwing his head back. "Finally. Seriously, you're the last one to notice." "I... But... But he didn't... say anything?", frowned Nico, confusion steadily growing. "He built his nest in your den. That's... That's him telling you", replied Hazel, eyes soft. "Granted, unlike you, we all caught on with our omegas' interests before their heat came up. But Leo? He built his nest in mine and Frank's bedroom when he wanted to tell us that he wanted us as his mates." "Jason came home from his mission of building temples and when his first heat hit, he built his nest in the praetors' house, even though he's not praetor anymore", added Reyna gently. "And when Annabeth finished her plans for her camp, when she built the Enyo Cabin specially for me, to welcome me to Camp Half-Blood, she built her nest in it to show me that the cabin was not just an act of friendship, that what we had built over the months after the war was more." "...And... what does it mean that I... that I destroyed his nest?", asked Nico, voice small. "In general, an omega who builds their nest in an alpha's den is very sure that their feelings are reciprocated. It's really an act an omega would only do when there is no possible way the alpha would decline the invitation to courting. And with... your years long track-record of being in love with him, there really was no reason for Percy to believe you would not want to court him. There are more subtle ways to invite an alpha to courting", started Hazel slowly. "But to destroy an omega's nest? That's... the hardest no you could give him. It's..." "It's kind of like saying 'How dare you even think I would pick you!'...", supplied Frank bluntly. "Which is why Annabeth attacked you", added Reyna, gently tracing Nico's black eye. "Percy is like her little brother and you... really hurt him, even if it was by accident, Nico. All she saw was an alpha who hurt her brother. You... You will have to work hard for that one, not gonna lie, but... it was an honest mistake and if you explain it to Percy..." Nico heaved a shaky breath and collapsed back against his bed. A lot of hard work, huh? /break\ Percy mewled miserably where he was curled together very small in a hastily made makeshift nest, a messy thing that he had only managed to throw together so fast thanks to his friends. He honestly didn't know what he'd do without Annabeth in his life. She instantly called the Romans and with Mrs. O'Leary, Leo and Jason were right away ready to supply warmth and comfort and safety for Percy, who was in dire need of pack comfort. Percy was shifted, only a tiny black little ball of fluff in his cat-form, with the white wolf-form of Jason curled around him, Annabeth as a snow owl nestled between them, having one wing spread out safely over Percy, all three of them surrounded by Leo whose dragon-form was only a bit larger than Jason's wolf. When the day had started, Percy had been positive that it was going to be a good day. A really good day. Two years ago, when the Giant War had ended, Nico had awkwardly confessed to him. Back then, romance was the last thing on Percy's