PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Number One Fanboy || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Number One Fanboy – Percico Positivity Project Day II Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; mortal AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, magic, Nico is a total fanboy, sort of celebrity crush, fluff, cuteness, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Jason/Reyna, Frank/Leo, Paul/Sally, Hades/Maria Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Piper McLean, Lou Ellen, Alabaster C. Torrington, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Frank Zhang, Leo Valdez, Bianca di Angelo, Maria di Angelo, Ade di Angelo | Hades, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis Summary : For the Percico Positivity Project – so there's not just Percico but also some Nicercy in this. ;) This is for today's fill – Character of a myth/story . I kinda interpreted this one a little different than intended, I suppose xD" In this story, Nico lives in a normal mortal world and loves the Percy Jackson books; Nico isn't part of PJatO, his part is taken by Hazel, HoO doesn't exist. Nico's crush on Percy is really getting on his friends' nerves, so they decide to try some magic and summon Percy out of the books. Number One Fanboy Percico Positivity Project Day II Nico di Angelo was utterly and absolutely in love with Percy Jackson. The sassy way the boy talked, his silly stupid puns, his charming dorky way, the color of his eyes, the messy hair, the startling physique of a literal Greek hero, the compassion and kindness. The only problem? Percy Jackson was fictional. Percy Jackson was the titular protagonist of Nico's favorite book-series – Percy Jackson and the Olympians . He was a demigod son of Poseidon who was destined to save the world with his quirky but lovable hero-friends and under the guidance of his mentor the centaur Chiron. Nico was obsessed with those books. He had been for years now, ever since he first picked Percy Jackson and the Lightning Thief up at a book-store. He had only been moderately interested at the time, mainly just browsing for anything to pick his interest. Sometimes, he would meet with his friends in book-stores and just walk around and look at the displays and at what was in at the moment. He had been engrossed in a conversation with Reyna at the time when he had grabbed the book because the cover looked interesting, but he had only read the blurb because Reyna got distracted by her boyfriend Jason and Nico was left standing. When he read it was about a Greek demigod, Nico was instantly hooked – he loved Greek mythology, had always done so. Him and his best friend Frank were still playing Mythomagic even though technically they were too old for the card-game. It was what had gotten Frank and Nico through middle school; their shared passion for Mythomagic. Stamped as the nerds, they were picked on and made fun of for playing card-games, but the two boys didn't really care about it. Anyway, reading this book was about mythology had Nico hooked and he ended up buying the book to see if it was good. It was good, it was more than good. First POV from the sassiest most lovable dork Nico had ever read. Nico bought the other two volumes that were out at the point right away, even before finishing Lightning Thief . The beautiful thing about the series was that he got to see Percy growing up, from that abused little loner to a confident leader and hero. In Nico's mind, Percy was a gorgeous Adonis with the cutest smile ever. Percy was perfect... and Percy wasn't real. The last book in the series had been released yesterday and Nico hadn't been able to put it down ever since. He was currently devouring it during lunch break, sitting together with his friends Frank, Jason, Reyna and Alabaster. Frank made a happy sound, which indicated that Frank's boyfriend was closing in on them. Not that Nico had anything against Leo, but the Latino was loud and Nico needed the quiet to read this. Leo was another reason why Nico cared so much about Frank, Frank may not be gay – he was bisexual – but at least he was a non-straight friend. And Frank read the books. That was so awesome, because even though Reyna and the others let Nico ramble on about them, they didn't really read them – Alabaster had recently started reading them, but Frank had been there all the way, ever since Nico had picked up the first one. Frank shared Nico's love for the books – not for Percy in person, but the books. His favorite character was Hazel Levesque and even though she wasn't a Percy Jackson, she was Nico's second favorite character. Hazel was fascinating and Nico had loved reading the character development of Hazel, after her close childhood friend Sammy had died. The thing was that Hazel, daughter of Hades, and Sammy Valdez, son of Hephaestus, had been stuck in the Lotus Hotel, where Hades had put his daughter for safe-keeping in the thirties. She met Sammy there and the boy came with her when they left the Lotus Hotel. Then, however, Sammy got killed during a quest where Percy had promised to protect him, leaving Hazel heartbroken and furiously angry. It was amazing to read how she found her way back to forgiving Percy and helping him. She was a very amazing character and she had saved Percy's life on multiple occasions, which put her in Nico's good graces. Everything keeping Percy alive was good for Nico. "Nico's even less social than normally", noted Alabaster's younger sister Lou from Leo's class. "The new Percy Jackson book was released yesterday", replied Reyna amused. "If you value your life, don't disturb him", hissed Jason nearly fearful. "I tried to snatch his book away earlier to tease him. He nearly broke my arm." The others snickered at that and Nico grunted annoyed, wishing for the noise to just go away. Frank laughed amused as he pulled Leo into his lap. The Latino got comfortable and waved his best friend Piper over to join them. She was Jason's younger sister – their parents Beryl and Tristan had met on a movie set, both big time actors. And Piper was the reason that Frank got to meet Leo. "Have you read it yet, Frank?", asked Leo curiously. "I'm on chapter five. I'm not Nico", grunted Frank and made a face. "I can put a book down." "Well, you're not in love with the main character", snickered Alabaster teasingly. "What about you, have you started reading it yet?", countered Frank. "Of course!", exclaimed Alabaster. "I'm on chapter ten. I want to know what happens to Ethan, after all. He's like... the most interesting character in that series." "...Don't let Nico hear that", warned Jason softly and wearily. "What?! No!", exclaimed Nico all of a sudden, followed by a string of Italian curse-words. "Who volunteers to ask him what's wrong?", inquired Reyna, looking around. "Okay, tell us, Nico, what did the fictional characters do?", asked Alabaster, one eyebrow raised. "And please, feel free to spoiler. I don't care either way and Frank?" "Nah, it's fine. After three years of this, I'm used to it", grunted Frank dismissively. "They... They kissed ", hissed Nico, sounding utterly furious as he slapped the book close. "Somehow, I expected something more... dramatic", stated Piper disappointed. "You don't understand!", groaned Nico frustrated. "Percy and... and... Annabeth kissed. Like all of Camp Half-Blood grabbed them and threw them into the fucking lake and cheered for them while they kissed under water! What kind of pre-set and arranged crap is that? Like, seriously? All of camp suddenly has the same shitty idea and Annabeth and Percy are totally fine and roll with it? When the fuck did the entire camp turn into kids of Aphrodite anyway?! Like, seriously, Rick, just because you ship your little main couple doesn't mean you have to enforce it by making all the characters also ship it. That's... so not how real life works. And they just lost so many – their siblings and friends – as if they care about the 'epic romance' of Percy and Annabeth..." "He really hates that couple, doesn't he?", whispered Jason amused before turning back to Nico. "Dude, listen. I didn't read the books, I only know the movie, but even there, it was like pretty obvious they were aiming for Percy and Annabeth to hook up in the end." "Just because he's the male lead and she's the female lead", spat Nico irritated. "Because that's how things have to work. Urgh. They have zero chemistry and absolutely nothing in common. She's a thinker, a strategist and interested in boring crap like museums and architecture. Percy is quick on his feet and acts before thinking and he's a cute dork. Don't get me wrong, I'm all in for 'opposites attract' and all that, but even opposites need to have some form of common ground!" "I always liked that difference between them", argued Reyna with a frown. "They make each other better by being so different and by balancing each other out." "Oh, shut up", huffed Nico with a glare. "It's not like Annabeth even has real feelings for him. She is in love with Luke; has been for so many years. It's so obvious, even Percy who is literally the Captain Oblivious, has had caught on with it when he was twelve . I can show you the exact passage in The Lightning Thief . Even he noticed she was in love with Luke. And love doesn't have some kind of off-switch. Just because Luke betrayed them, Annabeth didn't just snap her fingers and stop loving him. You don't just stop loving someone because it became inconvenient. But oh, the very day Luke dies, she falls into Percy's arms and kisses him. Hello, rebound. Percy deserves better!" "...Luke does?", asked Jason disappointed. "I hoped they'd manage to turn him good again..." Nico regarded him with a look that could only be translated as 'you naive fool'. "I, for my part, totally ship Percy and Calypso", stated Piper offhandedly, earning herself some surprised looks. "What? I started reading the books too. Sue me." "Calypso?", asked Nico ridiculed and made a face. "Sure. You are also always rooting for the vampire to fuck the teenage girl, right? It's still pedophile, even if the centuries old party looks like a teenager, they are still adults. Way older than adults. And what do they do? Hook up with at least legal adults? No. They go and screw around with teenagers. It's fucking creepy is what it is." "Piper", started Frank seriously. "Don't... Don't try a ship war with Nico. You will not win. Unless your answer is Nico and Percy, you will not win against Nico." "But... he does know that Percy's not real, right?", inquired Piper disturbed. "He's perfect", grunted Nico grumpily. "He's gorgeous and clever in his own rights and a good leader and selfless and strong and kick-ass and dorky and amazing and-" "Fictional. The word you are looking for is 'fictional'", interrupted Reyna pointedly. Nico glared at her heatedly, but his ears were a little red in embarrassment. "That... is not my fault." /break\ "This is officially the stupidest and craziest idea ever", declared Lou suspiciously. "I know", grunted Alabaster as he dumped five books in the middle of the pentagram. "But Nico's birthday is