PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || Going at it like Bunnies || Nicercy || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Going at it like Bunnies – Precious Pets Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; total AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, creatures/hybrids, slavery/pets, collars/leashes, mating, heat, explicit intercourse, anal, masturbation, toys, mpreg, breeding, past abuse, threesome, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Luke/Octavian, Thalia/Bianca, Jason/Reyna, Piper/Annabeth, Jake/Will Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Thalia Grace, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Leo Valdez, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Reyna Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Will Solace, Jake Mason, Rachel Elizabeth Dare Summary : In a world where human-animal-hybrids are kept as pets, Nico di Angelo tries to distance himself from those notions. They were still part human, after all. The notion of keeping someone as his pet was just disgusting. At least until he finds a stray little bunny called Percy. Going at it like Bunnies Precious Pets Curious, dark eyes scanned the newspaper for anything of value. The man holding the newspaper, a tall Italian, had no mind for unimportant information. He was a businessman and only things concerning his business were of importance to him. Not which starlet broke up with which rapper. His eyes swept over to his still steaming coffee. This was his routine. Every morning, he bought the newspaper and a scolding hot coffee at the same little café, reading the newspaper while the coffee cooled down. It was his calm start into the day. Leaning back some, he turned the page. And there his calm and good day went, straight out the window. Another political rant from some narrow-minded politician on Pet Rights. There also went Nico's appetite for breakfast. Nico was a guy far from being politically interested, but he had a personal stance when it came to Pet Rights. The mere fact that they were called 'Pets' was disgusting for Nico. They were human-animal-hybrids. Not that the people with power and money cared about the human part in that. The humans had animal-features, which made them worth less than actual humans. Simple as that. Rich people bought young hybrids as loyal companions for their children, having rich children grow up with someone who they could trust and who certainly wasn't a spy from the parents' enemies. Though those were the luckiest pets. Others ended up as slaves, to put it simple. Working around the house – the females or weaker ones – and doing the manual work humans didn't want to do. The worst deal did the bedroom pets get though. With their exotic features, pets were considered highly arousing and everybody wanted a pretty girl with cat-ears or a handsome guy with dog-ears and the actual loyalty of a dog sitting at their feet and serving them in the bedroom. Pets weren't allowed anything. They were held captive in the Pet Shelters, sold and then had to live with their masters. Some escaped, running through the streets. Never for long. Once they got caught, they were in for more trouble than Nico truly cared to know. It made Nico angry in that powerless way, because regardless of how much power his company had, he couldn't change the laws of the world. Folding the newspaper irritated, he looked around the café to take his mind off the topic. Something caught his interest. A boy, standing at the counter, staring shyly at the barista. The boy was dressed in rags, wide, blue shirt, torn skinny-jeans, run-down shoes and a large, blue bonnet over his shoulder-long black hair. Worrying his plumb, pink, lower lip, he counted the pennies in his hand, cautiously handing them over to the redheaded barista. The boy was not a regular customer, Nico knew that. He would have noticed someone as pretty. Taking his coffee, Nico emptied it in one go, grunting slightly at the high temperature. The boy reluctantly took the coffee from Rachel, the barista. But his eyes – the most amazing shade of bluish green possible – were fixed on a double-chocolate blueberry muffin, one of the largest in the display. A pink tongue darted out, wetting the delicious looking lips. It was obvious the boy was hungry and desired the muffin. But instead of buying it, he grabbed the coffee tightly and turned to leave the shop. Nico stood and walked up to the counter. Rachel smiled at him a little surprised – after all, he had his routine and that normally included him leaving once his coffee was empty and he had never bought more than one cup of coffee each day. Returning her smile, he pulled his wallet out. "The double-chocolate blueberry muffin and everything you know about the boy." "Who? Percy?", asked Rachel surprised, putting the muffin into a paper back. "He's a sweet boy. I think he's sixteen or something. A shy thing. Living on the streets, I think." Nico nodded, frowning a little. He had suspected something like that – that the boy was living on the streets. Taking the blueberry muffin, Nico left the café in a haste, hoping to catch the teen. Luckily enough, Percy stood out in the crowd of gray suits. Nico picked up his pace and hurried after the teen, but when Percy rounded the corner, he seemingly noticed Nico and ran faster himself. Of course he would. What teenage boy was reckless enough to slow down when a stranger followed them? Cursing beneath his breath, Nico too started running. "Wait up!", called Nico out, knowing it was probably useless. "I don't want to hurt you!" He just wanted... He had no idea what he wanted. It had been an impulse-decision to buy the muffin for the stranger, but he knew that the homeless boy deserved breakfast, because he looked as though he hadn't eaten in days. They hit a dead-end in an abandoned alley-way and Percy came face to face with a fence. Nico stopped behind the teen, panting slightly. "I'm sorry for scaring you, I'm normally not that creepy", stated Nico. "I just... bought you a muffin. Which sounds no less creepy. I saw you in the café and I wanted to do something nice." Percy whirled around at the sound of his voice and the bonnet that had been loosened by the boy's running was picked up by the wind. Nico's eyes widened in surprise as long, black floppy ears fell out from beneath the bonnet. Bunny-ears. The boy was a hybrid. "N—No", whispered Percy, eyes wide in fear as he patted his own head for his bonnet. "Sh, calm down", murmured Nico, his voice soft and soothing. "I won't hurt you." "Y—You're going to bring me back to a shelter", hissed Percy and turned around hastily. He started to climb the fence with some difficulties. Nico glared annoyed. Of course the boy had to be a stubborn brat. His glare melted when Percy slipped and fell down the fence, hitting his head on the asphalt. He had been too nervous, too eager to escape. Nico rushed over to the boy, realizing that the bunnyboy had fallen unconscious. Checking for injuries with tender fingers, he found a bleeding spot at the back of Percy's head. He hastily tore his shirt up and sloppily tied it around the injured head, effectively hiding the adorable, long ears too. Then he proceeded to get his phone out and dial the number of his bodyguard and his driver. They should be close by anyway, to pick Nico up after his morning ritual to bring him to the Elysium Agency. "Where are you? You just ran off!", scolded his bodyguard as soon as he picked up. Nico rolled his eyes. "Jason, shut up. I need you to drive to the back-alley two streets down. Hurry." The lack of response told Nico that his best friend and bodyguard understood his urgency and took it serious. Jason was one of the few people Nico trusted. Coincidentally, Jason was also a hybrid. He was a dogboy, a guard dog given to him by his father. Actually, a wolf and not just a regular dog. It had something to do with status. Only the richest could afford a wolfboy. Jason had started out as his guard dog and soon become Nico's best friend. Frank however was a different story. The human had started out as their driver, shy and stiff, reluctant to even engage in conversation with the rich and famous di Angelo heirs. By now, he was engaged to the youngest di Angelo, after years of not daring to as much as talk to Hazel, he had saved her life one day when a lunatic thought it a great idea to kidnap the youngest di Angelo and demand a ransom. Frank had turned from the silent guy in the background to her personal hero that day. They had started going out soon after. "Nico! What are you doing back here?", asked Jason annoyed as he came rushing over. The good thing about dogboys was that they had sharp noses, so he could track down his master even in a large crowd. The scowl on the blonde's face melted when he saw Nico standing there, cradling an unconscious boy to his chest. Jason sniffed the air, pupils narrowing at the scent of both blood and prey. His eyes zoomed in on the bunny in his master's arms and he growled. "Down, boy", ordered Nico sternly, holding Percy more protectively against his chest. "I need you to make some calls for me. First, call my friend Will, tell him to come over. Then I need you to call Bianca and ask her to take over my ten o'clock meeting today." Jason nodded stiffly, eyes glued to the prey in Nico's arms. The wolf inside of him wanted to hunt the little thing down, the rational part of his brain fought against it because this was quite obviously a hurt teenager. The blonde hastily got his phone out to distract himself and do as his master said. "Hey, Rey", greeted Jason, smile slipping onto his lips as his girlfriend picked up. "I need you to reschedule Nico's day some... like, clear it. Can you ask Bianca to take over for him? And call Will. Tell him to bring his evil vet things with him, we got an emergency." He could hear his girlfriend laugh through the line. "Stop calling them 'evil vet things'. You hybrids with your fear of doctors, it's ridiculous. Seeing as Nico is always very reliable, I'm sure I can do this. But... what kind of emergency are we talking about? Who ?" Reyna was Nico's personal assistant and his oldest and best friend, which was how Jason and Reyna had gotten together. A rare, if nor impossible, thing. Love. A relationship, not an ownership. Some may find love in their own pets over time, yes, but Jason wasn't Reyna's. He was Nico's. It was what made their relationship all the more special. Reyna had fallen in love with the wolf for who he was and not for what he was and due to the way Nico and the other members of the di Angelo household treated him, Jason never truly felt like a pet, he felt like an equal part of the family. Said family consisted of more than just the three di Angelo heirs. Reyna, the personal assistant of them all, better known as the only one capable of controlling the three siblings, as well as their driver