PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || The Mafia Boss and the Master Baker || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : The Mafia Boss and the Master Baker – From Prison to a Mansion Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; Mafia AU Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, mafia/prison AU, attempted rape, violence/death, crossdressing, bondage, explicit intercourse, anal, toys, orgasm denial, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Ethan/Alabaster, Luke/Octavian, Piper/Annabeth, Jason/Reyna, Chris/Clarisse, Charles/Silena, Grover/Juniper Percy Jackson Characters : Percy Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Bianca di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Leo Valdez, Frank Zhang, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Jason Grace, Piper McLean, Annabeth Chase, Alabaster Torrington, Ethan Nakamura, Luke Castellan, Octavian Simmons, Clarisse la Rue, Chris Rodriguez, Silena Beauregard, Charles Beckendorf, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Sally Jackson Summary : Percy's stepfather Gabe screwed the mafia over, now Percy has to pay for his stepfather's crimes. No one to pay his bail, no one to give him an alibi, so he ends up in Rikers Island awaiting the murder trial. The irony is biting when he is saved from getting raped by the head of the very same mafia organization Gabe had screwed over – Nico di Angelo. Birthday request from MiladyWillDo - I hope you like it and happy birthday. ;) The Mafia Boss and the Master Baker From Prison to a Mansion Nico was bored. Paying bail was not an issue for the wealthy – some may argue filthy rich – mafia heir. But when the cops had booked him for something random and mundane that his older sister, the family's super lawyer, would easily dissolve, he decided to pay Rikers Island a visit for a change. He had heard there was a rat, someone who had betrayed the family and killed one of their own. Nico wanted to take care of that himself. He had heard the DA wanted to make a deal with the rat to get inside information on Nico's family and he was not going to have that. His father had officially given him the New York branch of the family only weeks ago, before returning to Venice for his retirement, wishing to spend the rest of his life with his young and beautiful wife Persephone. Hades di Angelo was still the head of the family, but now Nico was in charge for this branch of their family tree. It was a lot responsibility, but Nico was proud to carry it. After all, he didn't have to do it all alone. His older sister Bianca had chosen to become a lawyer, to protect the family in her own way, and he had his younger sister Hazel for support and taking care of the financial side of their family. Them aside, there were also members of their organization who weren't blood but family nonetheless. And Nico protected his family. Which brought him to now, sitting in his cell in Rikers Island, awaiting the arraignment and thus how his sister would get him out of here. Until then, he needed to find the rat and kill it. For that purpose he had befriended his cell mate Frank. The tall, broad brute was the perfect muscle for this mission. He was also innocent, more or less. He had done some less-than-legal things to gain money for his sick grandma. Endearing, really. A strong man with a soft heart. Nico liked that. He promised Frank to get him out and away from prison and get him a job that would bring him enough money to help his grandmother if he pledged his loyalty to Nico and his family. Frank came in handy and Nico was actually getting along pretty well with the Asian-Canadian. Now the problem was that Nico still hadn't found the rat. Or rather, Nico had gotten entirely too distracted to really look for the rat. There was a boy in here, not just any boy but the most gorgeous creature Nico had ever laid eyes on. He had caught Nico's interest because he didn't belong here. As the only son of the head of the Italian mafia around here, he had grown up with various different criminals and over the years, he had gotten rather good to reading people. What kind of criminal, how violent someone was. But this boy? He had an aura to himself that was foreign and strange to Nico, really. Innocent and pure. This boy surely had no business in prison or jail. The only bars that should surround him were those of a golden cage to keep him safe from the world. He had sun-kissed skin that looked soft and warm, pink bow-shaped lips looking even softer, a lean body with a nice amount of muscles that just were enough to inspire Nico to picture how delicious it would be to dominate this boy. But the most startling thing about him were his eyes, of the most mesmerizing bluish-green color, like the sea of Italia, clashing in a summer-storm. Nico could stare into them for hours, he wanted to, but sadly he had only barely caught a sight of them by now. It was highly distracting to have all his thoughts focusing on the beautiful stranger. Such a beautiful boy would be the prized jewel in Nico's collection, worthy of being at his side. He could easily imagine the pretty boy in a suit and bowtie, smiling charmingly at others as he hung off Nico's arm. "N—No! Please, don't!" Nico frowned as he looked up. He and Frank were on their way to the showers. Granted, not Nico's favorite part of being imprisoned. There were things he didn't desire to see. Sometimes, it was also nice though. The pretty boy had unbelievably long legs, leading to the most tempting butt. Entering the showers, Nico was displeased to see that apparently he wasn't the only one who thought so. "Frank", grunted Nico firmly, glare deepening. A group of men had their hands all over the green-eyed beauty, touching, holding him down. It took the combined force of Frank, who was all muscles and strength, and Nico, who may not be the tallest or strongest but he knew how to kill a man with his bare hands with ease too. /break\ This was officially the worst day of his entire life and Percy felt like it wasn't going to end any time soon. Like his life wasn't crappy enough as it was. His mother was married to a horrible man who had ties to the mafia. Only a small, insignificant henchman, lowest of the food-chain. And then he had thought it wise to steal from the mafia. Like Gabe wasn't already causing enough trouble for Percy and his mother, no, he brought them the wrath of the mafia. And when a slightly higher ranked henchman had come to collect the debt with interests, Percy had no idea how exactly, Gabe had killed the other. Maybe in some kind of twisted self-defense, greedy to keep his money. Percy had come home, stumbling upon the sight of too much blood and a body. Being a silly and shocked boy, he had picked up the knife. By the time police arrived, they found Percy standing in a puddle of blood, with a dead mafioso in front of him and a knife in hand. Of course Gabe let him run into the metaphorical knife, claiming that he had always been a troubled child and Gabe wasn't surprised he had gotten involved with the mafia! Now Percy's mother Sally was heartbroken and they didn't have the money to set bail, sending Percy straight to Rikers Island to await his arraignment. Now, all of that in itself should already be bad enough, but then he had gotten ready to shower today and had gotten ambushed by a group of creepy, horny bastards. Their hands were everywhere, touching him in places only boyfriends were supposed to touch him, holding him down entirely too tightly. Hurting him. His heart was racing in his throat, knowing they wanted to hurt him even more. His eyes were squeezed shut, tears building up with the fear of being violated like this. And then the hands and pain were gone. He could hear a fight going out around him, but he didn't dare opening his eyes, not until all sounds seemed to die. Someone came closer to him and touched him. His initial reaction was to flinch away, but the touch was different. Tender, warm. "Sh, bello, you're safe now", whispered a thickly accented and comforting voice. "W—Who...?", stammered Percy, slowly opening his eyes. The first thing he saw were deep, warm eyes, darker than any color he had ever seen. Olive-skin, lean muscles, cute and messy curls. After taking in the handsome man holding him, he saw the pile of his attackers beneath a tall and intimidating Asian guy. Percy was mildly confused. "Nico di Angelo, at your service", offered the Italian with a charming smile, wiping Percy's tears away. "Will you tell me your name, bello? And whatever it is you could have done to end up here?" "P—Percy", sobbed Percy, breaking down after this horrifying experience, leaning against his savior's chest and crying softly. "I—I didn't do anything. I don't belong here! I'm just a baker, I just... I just want to make people smile when they eat my cakes... b—but my stepfather, h—he screwed over the mafia – the mafia! You don't screw with those people – a—and I ended up taking the blame and now I'm h—here and my mom can't post bail a—and we can't afford a lawyer and it's only been like two days and they tried raping me! I'm not gonna last in a real prison! And I just... I just... I just want to be out of here and home and... I just can't do this!" Honestly, he had no idea why he was opening up to a stranger, but he hadn't been shown kindness from anyone aside from his mother and this man had just saved him from being raped. Something about this Nico was warm and welcoming, like he'd protect Percy and make sure he was safe. It was a silly feeling, Percy knew that. He didn't even know this man, but he knew he hadn't felt that safe in a long time. The Italian held him tightly, caressing his back soothingly. "Sh, bello, sh. Everything is alright", assured Nico softly. "I'll keep you safe, bello." It was hard not to believe the Italian when he spoke so firmly. /break\ Nico made sure the thugs who had dared to molest his pretty boy knew that if they messed with Percy again, they would pay for it with their lives. The way fate worked was strange indeed. So this boy was why Nico was here. The rat. But somehow Nico believed every word Percy had said. There was no way this boy was the rat. After all, he knew the rat had been involved with the di Angelo family for more than fifteen years now, some low-life who used to do errands for Hades, mostly involved with the gamblers-aspect of the di Angelo family business. Smelly Gabe, or at least that was what the men dealing with him had called him when Nico had investigated into all of this. And now this piece of garbage was framing his stepson for his crimes? Nico would have all of this taken care of. He would see to it that Percy would be protected, in here and once they were out again. He would also take care of Smelly