PJatO || Mikercy || PJatO || Mikercy || Beauty of the Sea || Mikercy || PJatO || Mikercy || PJatO Title : Beauty of the Sea – Vacation in Paradise Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, hurt/comfort, dealing with PTSD, underwater blowjob, hetero Main Pairing : Mike/Percy Side Pairings : Tyson/Ella, Paul/Sally, Nico/Percy (hinted) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Michael Kahale, Tyson, Ella, Sally Blofis, Paul Blofis Summary : Three months after the Giant War, the Blofisses decide that a vacation would be the right thing to take their minds off of things. They decide to take Tyson and Tyson's girlfriend Ella with them. The relaxing family vacation grows over Percy's head and he wants an out, so while exploring the island, he runs into someone who seems familiar. Mike Kahale, son of Venus. Maybe Percy finds something distracting him from the war after all... Beauty of the Sea Vacation in Paradise Sally and Paul were worried for Percy. The Giant War had ended three months ago, but so far, Percy hadn't quite improved. He had nightmares, woke up crying, screaming the names of dead friends. Nico had warned them, when he had brought Percy home, that Percy had been through hell. "What do you say, we go on a vacation?", suggested Sally at the beginning of December. "Mh?", grunted Percy absentmindedly, poking his blueberries on his pancakes. "To get away from... everything. A nice vacation to take our minds off of... things", continued Sally. "Why?", asked Percy a little confused. "Where?" "Well, we saved some money up during the past year – not having to pay for all the food your teenage stomach can make disappear allowed that", started Paul with a dark kind of humor and pain in his eyes. "It would be a good chance to get... fresh air. Being bottled up in this house won't do you any good, Percy. Now, where have you always wanted to go to?" "Hawaii", admitted Percy softly. "Why does that not surprise me?", chuckled Paul, mirth dancing in his eyes. "Well, Hawaii it is." /break\ And truly, Hawaii it was. In the week after Christmas, Percy found himself standing at the shore of Hawaii. Paul had found a good last-minute deal in a hotel in Hilo. Three rooms. "This is awesome, big brother!", exclaimed Tyson excitedly, lifting Percy up and hugging him. "Ella likes Hawaii", noted the harpy, crouching on Tyson's shoulder and looking around. So to ensure Percy would get what he deserved – a relaxing vacation with his family – Paul and Sally had invited Tyson and thus Tyson's girlfriend Ella along. After all, the kind cyclops had spend a lot of time trying to cheer Sally and Paul up while they had worried for Percy. Tyson and Ella shared a room, so did Paul and Sally. At first Sally had wanted Percy to share a room with his brother and Ella, but Percy was very concerned about keeping people awake with his nightmares. It pained her that even in his darkest hours, Percy rather thought about being a bother to his friends and loved ones instead of finally taking some time to care for himself. "What do you say, children? We go and explore the beach once we unpacked?", suggested Sally. Tyson and Ella cheered at that and Percy offered a small, grateful smile. He knew they were doing this for him, but he just... didn't feel it. The Titan War had been bad, but the Giant war had been so much worse. He had seen just too much in his young life. He was barely seventeen by now and yet he had already lost so many friends to painful deaths. Tartarus... Shaking his head, he took a deep breath, trying not to have a panic-attack. Not now. His mom and stepfather were trying so hard to fix him somehow, he wanted to at least give it a shot. He wanted to show them that he appreciated the effort, even though he feared it'd be for naught. He didn't know how to cope anymore. He was feeling so lost. Annabeth buried herself in her plans to build New Athens, Percy suspected it was her way of distracting herself from what they had been through. It also helped that Annabeth had Piper to support her. Jason and Reyna had each other, Hazel and Frank had each other and Frank and Reyna were busy with their praetor-duties, Jason had his new pontifex maximus thing going on and Hazel spend a lot of time in the underworld, helping Hades, Thanatos and Nico with fixing everything that Gaia and the giants had destroyed. Nico was doing Nico-things in the underworld with Hazel and he was also spending a lot of time at camp now, with his friends, probably moving on in his own terms. Leo was in New Rome, with his brother Jake, getting a fresh start with their car shop. Only Percy seemed to be stuck in the same place. He was living with his parents, he was plagued by nightmares, he was still single after the end of his fake relationship with Annabeth and he had no idea what he wanted to do with his life. Chiron had figured something out about that – a little trickery and mist work and bahm, Percy was in his senior year. He would finish high school early – it freaked him out, a lot even. Somehow, he had hoped he'd have a while longer to figure out what he wanted to do with his life, but now, 'thanks' to his mentor, it would all come early. Percy was lost. Part of him had never thought he'd live through the Titan War and when he had lost his memories, he had no life at all. Then the Giant War came and Percy was sure he wouldn't live. Especially not with going through Tartarus. But he came out of it all alive. The problem with going through war and making his peace with not coming out alive for the sake of saving everyone he loved was when you do come out alive, you don't know what to do. Not just that he didn't know what to do with himself, he also didn't know what to do with others. His friends and family, everyone seemed so far away from him. Everyone found a way to cope with what they had been through, only he was still stuck in the same bad place. "Sounds like a nice idea, mom", smiled Percy a little strained. "And maybe we'll find a nice place to eat lunch?", suggested Paul. "Because I'm hungry." "Yes", agreed Ella, Percy and Tyson with different degrees of grins on their faces. /break\ Percy wasn't the only one unsure how to cope with his life after the war though. Michael Kahale had always been a loyal Roman. Proud centurion of the First Cohort, chest swelling with the knowledge that he was part of a glorious and good legion. And then the Giant War came. The lines between good and bad, right and wrong, Roman and Greek, they became unclear. Their powerful and respected praetor Jason Grace turned toward the Greeks, the new and cherished praetor Percy Jackson turned out to be a Greek. But all their lives, the Romans had been raised with the mindset that Greeks were evil, bad, the enemy. Mike wasn't the only one who had followed Octavian. With Jason and Percy running off with the Greeks, with Reyna's loyalty seemingly being unclear as she too turned her back on the Roman legion and ran after the Greeks, who else was there to turn to but their augur? What reasons did the Romans have to doubt him? After all, Octavian had acted the way they all had been trained to. Greeks were the enemy and after that flying ship came and fired at their beloved city, how was any of them supposed to question that it was anything by the clear truth? Greeks were the enemy. It had been a Greek who had initiated the Titan War. Luke Castellan, son of Hermes. A Greek who had lured loyal Romans away from Camp Jupiter to join the titans. Why should those Greeks be any better? Why trust someone they hadn't even met? Someone who had attacked them first, after all. In the dangerous times of war, it was even harder to take time and think clearly about things. It was easier to follow the orders of their superior, follow a clear line. Things got more complicated, more complex, when he had been on his mission with Leila and Dakota. Granted, he had started to grow doubtful when he had brought Bryce back. It made him question Octavian's decisions. But being on that ship with Leila and Dakota to kill the ambassador of Pluto and their female praetor – arrest, yes, but in the end, Mike had a feeling it was supposed to end in death. Turning his back on his superior was not a Roman thing to do. Which was why he was here now, back home in Hilo on the main island of Hawaii. The war had been a hard time and somehow, he felt as though he needed some distance from the Romans. So he had asked his praetors to take leave for a couple of weeks. Ever since the week before Christmas, Mike was back home with his father, which entailed working at the family restaurant. His Venus-looks had always been of use for that – back as a little kid he had been the 'most adorable, cute little darling ever' and customers came solemnly to pinch his cheeks and gush over him. Now that he was a teenager, he had the right charm, the muscles at all the right places and the tattoo on his upper arm – even though it was a dove – made him catch even more eyes. "Welcome to the Mahalo Lani Restaurant, I'm Michael and I'll be your waiter to—Percy Jackson." Paul and Sally exchanged a curious glance as they looked up from their menus and at their waiter. Their water was a tall Hawaiian boy with dark hair, tanned skin, nice muscles and dark eyes that were wide in surprise as the boy stared at Percy in surprise. Raising one eyebrow, Sally turned to her son. Percy looked a little lost at first, before he remembered, his own eyes widening. "Mike, right? The centurion of the First Cohort. I remember you from the vote on my praetorship", observed the son of Poseidon stunned. "Funny meeting you here. Uhm, hello again, I guess." "Aloah", greeted Mike again, nodding stiffly. "And yes, Mike." "A... friend of Percy's?", inquired Sally curiously. "A Roman demigod", answered Percy. "Son of... uhm... I'm afraid I don't even know that. Sorry." "Son of Venus", supplied Mike. "And don't worry about it. It's not like we spend a lot of time with each other. Though... I'm surprised to see you here, former praetor." "Family vacation", replied Percy with a small smile. "That's my mom Sally and my stepfather Paul, my brother Tyson and his girlfriend Ella, who you probably already met." "Yeah, the harpy who came with the oracle to take care of those old books or something", nodded Mike, taking in the small group. "Well, what can I get you today, then?" Putting on a smile, Mike started to take their orders, all the while not taking his eyes off of Percy Jackson. For the rest of the night, as he