PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Like Fireworks on the Fourth of July || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Like Fireworks on the Fourth of July – Nico's First Independence Day Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post both series Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, explicit intercourse, anal, sex toys, BDSM, orgasm denial, bondage, shoujo-ai, hetero, threesome Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairings : Frank/Hazel/Leo, Jason/Reyna, Piper/Annabeth, Jake/Will, Chris/Clarisse, Grover/Juniper, Tyson/Ella Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano, Annabeth Chase, Jake Mason, Nyssa Black, Leo Valdez, Piper McLean, Clarisse la Rue, Frank Zhang, Chris Rodriguez, Cecil Rogers, Lou Ellen, Will Solace, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, Grover Underwood, Juniper, Tyson, Ella Summary : Nico has never celebrated the fourth of July before and Percy is shocked to learn that. So he herds together their friends and throws a big barbeque. And he also has special plans for after the fireworks. They have been dating for a few months now and Percy thinks it's the perfect opportunity to introduce Nico to more than vanilla sex and to deepen their relationship. This was a request by ElliottElliott ! I hope you enjoy it! Well, and I hope the rest of you enjoy it too - Happy Independence Day to all my American readers ;) Like Fireworks on the Fourth of July Nico's First Independence Day "What do you mean you've never celebrated the fourth of July before?" Percy's eyes were wide and he was staring at his boyfriend of eight months like he was a ghost. He was a Ghost King , thank you very much. Nico raised one unimpressed eyebrow. "The first ten years of my life, I lived in Italia. Then I spend eighty years in a hotel, love. And, let's see, the past six years of being back? Four years were spend living in the underworld with my father. I can assure you, we do not do fireworks in the underworld. And last year, with all the rebuilding all around, I was stuck helping father and Thanatos secure the Doors of Death and the entrance to Tartarus during that time. As you may remember, we spend nearly a year fixing all the damage done to... every place after the Giant War", pointed Nico out amused. "But it's important, Nico! You're living in the US now so you need to partake in our traditions and culture. Besides, there's fireworks and barbeque. It's about getting the people you love together and being together. And if you've never partaken in a fourth of July celebration, I want to do that. I want to show you how much I love you and how much I care about you, you know?" "I think you did plenty of that on Valentine's Day", drawled Nico out with a smirk. "This is different", insisted Percy a bit frustrated and flustered. "Come on. It's barbeque. We'll host it. Invite our friends. Leo would put together an amazing show. Please?" "What? Are you expecting me to say no?", laughed Nico amused and leaned in for a kiss. "You're so cute when you get worked up, Percy. You know I can't deny you anything, mi amore. Even if it entails a big celebration with a bunch of annoying demigods." "Ah. Good. So Pipes is right after all", grinned Percy pleased. "I do have you wrapped around my little finger. Mh... What if I get corrupted and abuse this amazing power of mine...?" Nico snorted and rolled his eyes before he paused. "You could achieve world domination. Because even though I am your boyfriend, I could list about a dozen others who you also have wrapped around your little finger and who would be willing to take over the world for you." /break\ "This was a great idea, Perce", declared Grover with a grin, bumping shoulders with Percy. Percy grinned broadly as he looked up at his oldest friend. He was in the kitchen, preparing the meat together with Clarisse and Reyna, while Will, Grover, Juniper, Piper and Rachel were taking care of the salads. Everyone had brought something for today and they had coordinated well enough so they now had over half a dozen different salads. "It is nice to do something as a group again", agreed Rachel. "As in, something that doesn't involve working on the Sibylline scrolls with Ella..." "Ella likes working with Rachel", disagreed Ella, poking her head in. "Can Ella help?" "Yeah. You think you can help Chris, Frank and Tyson with the pool?", asked Percy hopeful. "Yes! Ella can help her Tyson", agreed the harpy pleased and rushed out of the kitchen again. There was a large glass-door connecting the kitchen with the large garden, where Jake and Nico were putting together the barbeque grill, while Lou, Leo and Nyssa were preparing the fireworks for later and Chris, Frank and Tyson were disagreeing about how to put together the pool. They had a summer pool to put together for the warm days and since the weather was amazing, they figured they could have some lazy fun while waiting for the fireworks. Nico had bought the pool; he had said it would be a short term solution until they got a real pool. Because Nico was an idiot. The thing was, Percy and Nico had gotten together about four months ago. But it had actually all started way earlier; about two years ago, when the Giant War had ended. Nico hadn't stayed at Camp Half-Blood – a few encouraging words from a guy he had never talked to before hadn't magically changed a mindset that had been established for four years, regardless of how stubborn Will Solace was. But Nico came to visit on a semi-regular base. He was mainly enlisted in helping the repairs in the underworld since there weren't many qualified to even help in that department, but he also came to both camps and occasionally helped. After about a year, everything was more or less okay. There had been a lot of damage – in the underworld, Tartarus, Olympus, Camp Half-Blood, Camp Jupiter and New Rome. They hadn't fixed everything, but the most major things. Nico had contemplated what to do, but in the end, he had formed a deeper bond with Jason and Reyna and there was also the matter of Hazel. In short; he moved to New Rome. It also had the additional perk of a demigod high school, something the Greeks couldn't offer. And thanks to Hades, lord of riches, Nico got a beautiful two-story house with a backyard. Aka, the very house they were currently preparing their fourth of July barbeque. Now, only shortly after Nico had moved to New Rome, Percy also planned on moving there. He was finally done with high school and wanted to attend college in New Rome. Something must have possessed Nico, because he had offered Percy to move in with him. It was hard finding an apartment, especially now that it was a trend for the Greeks too to attend school or college in New Rome. Space was limited and Percy had never worked before so he didn't have money and he also didn't want to sponge off his mom and Paul. He also didn't want to sponge off Nico, but the Ghost King had just heaved the deepest and most annoyed sigh ever, rolled his eyes in slow-motion and gave him the most pointed glare possible, asking just one question - "So you wish to sleep under a bridge then, yes?". Percy agreed, with the condition that he'd pay rent as soon as he got a job, something Nico only reluctantly agreed to because he didn't actually want Percy's money, he just wanted Percy's company. They lived together as friends for about half a year, getting to know each other on a level they never had managed before in all those years. Needless to say, the love Nico had tried to squish before was only growing stronger now that he had Percy so close by and got to spend so much quality time with the son of Poseidon. Much to Nico's surprise wasn't he the only one developing feelings here though. Percy was actually the first one to confess and at first, Nico had thought it to be some kind of prank – that assumption had earned him the most heartbroken look possible that made him feel like shit for even thinking Percy would do such a cruel thing. And ever since then, the two had been dating. And living together. It was a curious experience to share their home even though they were so new to their relationship. At first, they still kept their separate rooms, for one because they didn't want to rush into things and also because both needed their personal space. They had only started sharing the master bedroom about three month ago. This, today, was the first event they hosted as an actual couple. Another reason why Percy was so giddy about it. He liked this. Hosting as a couple. Inviting as a couple. It made him ridiculously happy to think about himself and Nico as a couple. Because – and here comes the reason why Nico is an idiot – Nico made Percy insanely happy. It had started out as their friendship growing deeper, when they moved in together. They'd watch movies together and TV shows, Percy managed to bugger Nico into watching Doctor Who and Nico convinced Percy to watch Dead Like Me . They cooked together and made homework together, even though Percy's was for marine biology college classes and Nico's was for high school. And they helped each other through their nightmares. Both of them had been through Tartarus. Both of them had seen the worst of the worse. Both of them had fought in two wars. In Nico, Percy finally found an anchor. Annabeth and Percy, they hadn't worked out because Tartarus had driven them apart, there were things Percy had done that had scared Annabeth and made it impossible for her to trust him the same way she used to. They were still friends, would never be as close as they used to be, but they were okay. With Nico however, their shared pain seemed to drive them closer instead of apart. Percy wanted to help Nico too but Percy also didn't want to burden Nico – didn't want to burden anyone. So Nico had made a deal with Percy, that he would allow Percy to help him if Percy would allow Nico to help in return. That was how Percy had truly fallen in love with Nico. Over all the things they seemed to have in common – they may not agree a hundred percent on TV shows, but they did agree on cartoons and even though they bribed each other in trying the shows they respectively liked, they could marathon cartoons for an entire weekend without a break, they also both loved Marvel movies and Harry Potter and good food. So Percy had fallen in love with Nico and Nico? He seemed so ridiculously grateful for that that it was semi-embarrassing for Percy. Nico kept making Percy gifts – blue chocolate, or special meals, or silly things. Like a pool. Nico, being the son of Hades, tended to go a little overboard on the gift-giving. For Percy, who had grown up with little and valued everything they could afford, it was weird to have a boyfriend who was so willing to spend money on him. But everyone was pushing him into