PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO || Everyone's Favorite Teacher || PJatO || Nicercy || PJatO Title : Everyone's Favorite Teacher – Life after a War Fandom : Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus; post Blood of Olympus Disclaimer : All rights reserved to Rick Riordan for he created the awesomeness that is Nico di Angelo. And everything else related to Percy Jackson and the Olympians / Heroes of Olympus. Aside from the Gods, they belong to the old Greeks. This fanfiction and its OCs on the other hand are entirely mine. No money is made with this, though reviews are more than welcomed. Warnings : shounen-ai, fluff, hurt/comfort, masturbation, handjob, spanking, explicit sexual content, anal, oral, butt-plug, friendship, teacher/student relationship, shoujo-ai, hetero Main Pairing : Nico/Percy Side Pairing : Jason/Reyna, Shane/Lacy, Lou/Miranda, Piper/Annabeth (mentioned), Frank/Hazel/Leo (mentioned) Percy Jackson Characters : Perseus Jackson, Nico di Angelo, Lou Ellen, Nyssa Black, Cecil Rogers, Kayla Hein, Austin Barton, Shane McNabb, Lacy Hunnigan, Mitchell Logan, Bobby Fillmore, Jacob Schmidt, Hank Banks, Marcus Jones, Jason Grace, Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano Summary : After the war, Nico doesn't just attend camp. He also attends school. And it's only in his final year that the Fates seem to favor pranking him, because Percy Jackson is his new teacher. Everyone's Favorite Teacher Life after a War Three years had passed since the Giant War. Nico had changed a lot since then, he mused as he stood in front of the mirror, fixing his hair. It had grown too long, so he styled it back a little. Not in a slick cow-lick kind of way, but in a wild, up-pointing way. He had an undercut, so the half dozen earrings were shown off nicely. His pierced tongue flickered out to lick over his lips, where an additional ring was going through his lower lip too. The shirt he was wearing was from some German punk-band called Die Toten Hosen to whose concert he had shadow-traveled with Kayla Hein last month. He didn't speak German, unlike the blonde daughter of Apollo, but the music was still pretty cool. He mainly wore band-shirts, since his shadow-traveling allowed him to sneak into concerts easily and he had done a lot of catching up with the twenty-first century that way. The black skinny-jeans were adored with a black leather-belt with spikes and a skull-belt-buckle. Leaning down, he tied his combat boots. "Nico! You're running late for school!" "Yes, mom", called Nico back, teasing heavy in his voice. "Brat", countered Reyna irritated as she stood in his doorway. "Yeah, love you too", hummed the son of Hades amused. "You're the praetor, you need to set a good example", stated Reyna, arching one eyebrow and holding a cup of steaming hot, black coffee up. "Your daily dose of pretending-to-be-awake." "How long are you going to rub the whole praetor-thing in?", muttered Nico embarrassed. He straightened his clothes one last time before grabbing the cup gratefully. Reyna had been reelected praetor two years after the war, which was a rare thing to happen. Three times in a row, but then again, she had led them well during the Titan War and she had led them well during the Giant War. Camp Jupiter was grateful and loved her. Though during that re-election, Frank had stepped down. Instead, Camp Jupiter had practically dragged the 'ambassador of Pluto' up onto the stands. It was still a little foreign for Nico to be cheered on and loved, if he was being honest. But he didn't decline. No, he became praetor. A son of Hades, praetor to the Romans. Many of the younger campers had moved to New Rome for the purpose of visiting a school without having to fear monsters, or being kicked out due to monsters. Also, going to school with people who understood what being a demigod meant. Nico was one of those demigods, which was how he had ended up becoming praetor. He had moved there after the war to attend high school. He had made a lot of friends in his class. Not at first though, at first after the war, he had been reluctant about having friends, but he had spend a lot of forced time in the infirmary thanks to Will. Will had been about the third real friend Nico had made, after Reyna and Jason. And with the time he spend in the infirmary, he had also befriended the younger children of Apollo, who were closer to his age. Austin Barton and Kayla Hein. He was glad they were in his class now. So were Lou Ellen and Cecil Rogers. It was strange, like that encounter on the battlefield with Will, Lou and Cecil had been fated. Now the three were some of his closest friends. Seventeen and in his junior year at Minerva High, with a load of admirers and also quite a lot of real friends. Life was weird like that, if he was being honest. It seemed so surreal, three years ago he would have never been able to picture something like this. All that was missing for perfection would be one Percy Jackson, but that was never going to happen. Yes, Nico was still very much in love with Percy and by now he was pretty sure that would never change. Three years ago, he had tried to get over the son of Poseidon, had tried to see him as a normal, human being. It had worked for about two days, because he had spend so much time away from Percy, but after that, Percy came back full-force. With the brilliant, bright smiles and that big heart of his. He was more than just a normal, human being. He was Percy Jackson. And somehow, for Nico to apply to Minerva High had been a way of bringing distance between Percy and himself, to try and get over the son of Poseidon. Being in New Rome was a good alternative to being at Camp Half-Blood, so close to New York, so close to Percy&Annabeth . Percy and Annabeth, who had finished high school together. Sometimes, rarely, Nico would meet up with Percy, but they lived on different ends of the US, had different circles of friends and while Nico was busy with his praetor-duties and high school, Percy was busy with college. A teacher. Percy Jackson was becoming a teacher. Nico had to smile a little at that thought as he sat down at the breakfast table. It was something he could easily picture. Percy was a born leader and he was so good with children, had always been at camp too after all. The thought of Percy, standing in front of a blackboard, with a hoard of little kids calling out for their favorite teacher, yes, it was a cute one. Nico liked to entertain that idea, every now and then. "Someone looks dreamy", stated Jason teasingly as he placed a plate of scrambled eggs with bacon in front of Nico. "Eat up, because Rey is right. You are running late." Nico rolled his eyes, an affectionate smile on his lips. Since he was praetor, he had moved into the praetors' place, together with Reyna. And with Reyna's boyfriend Jason. After the Giant War, when Jason had become the pontifex maximus and repeatedly visited New Rome again, he and Piper had drifted apart while he and Reyna had finally grown closer. Jason was more than just a regular demigod, he was the pontifex and a hero. If only Aphrodite wouldn't always be so complicated. It was nice, living with two of his best friends, but sometimes, they acted more like his parents. Then again, on other days he got to patronize Jason just the same way the blonde liked to do, so it evened itself out. Besides, it felt nice to have something like a family again. "What does it matter ?", groaned Nico, stuffing his face. "The new student teacher will probably run late anyway and then he'll introduce himself and not know any of our faces anyway, so he won't even know when I slip in through the shadows. Don't give me that look, Jay. It was totally fine for me to smuggle you into your class last week too!" Jason had the decency to blush and remain silent at that. Reyna shook her head, sitting down next to Jason as she too started eating breakfast. The couple was attending college and needed to get going too if they didn't want to run late. Nico emptied his glass of orange juice in one go. "You should still hurry. That new teacher of yours... you wouldn't want to leave a bad first impression", suggested Reyna, something secretive in his voice. "See you tonight." Nico gave her a weird look before standing. "Okay, whatever. See you later." /break\ "...Hank Banks, son of Mars." "Yep", replied the bulky, brunette Roman. "Austin Barton, son of Apollo." "Here", confirmed the blonde Greek boy. "Nyssa Black, daughter of Hephaestus..." "Yes", called the olive-skinned girl with a grin. Ah, the most beloved attendance-check. Nico slipped out of the shadows and into his seat next to Lou Ellen. The teachers' lists included godly heritage and if they were Roman or Greek too. Well, if the newbie already reached 'B', then he probably already knew Nico was running late. "Ah, Mister di Angelo, how nice of you to join us this morning." Nico blinked slowly and looked up. Wait, he knew that voice. Lou next to him snickered and elbowed him. Dark eyes widened comically (judging by the laughing and giggling coming from his classmates) as he stared at their teacher. Black dress-pants and a light, blue dress-shirt, as well as a matching black vest and a tie with dolphins on it. The guy wasn't exactly tall, but he had a swimmer's body, lean and delicious, the shirt and pants hugging his frame in all the right places. Sun-kissed skin, pinkish lips pulled up in a grin, sea-green eyes sparkling mischievously, black hair a total mess that didn't go well with his otherwise decent outfit. Those eyes were staring at him with so much amusement and as though the owner was more than pleased with himself. "Sorry", was all Nico ground out between tightly clenched teeth. "Ah, I'll let it slide today, praetor, but don't make a habit of it", replied the teacher with a bright smile before turning to the board, pointing at the white writing on it. "As your classmates already know, I'm Mister Jackson and I'll be your Greek and mythology student teacher this year." "So nice to... meet you, Mister Jackson", grunted Nico, sounding everything but pleased. Percy Jackson was his new teacher. What had Nico done to deserve this kind of punishment?! He tuned out the rest of the class, really. Three years of trying to get Percy out of his head and now he was supposed to spend basically every day with Percy as his teacher ? Especially not when Percy was looking so incredibly sexy, not wearing jeans and a ratty t-shirt, but tight black pants to underline his long, lean legs and the perfectly cut shirt that made the curve of Percy's waist even more enchanting. It was like Percy had grown even more delicious over the last three years. "Stop thinking about screwing our new teacher ", hissed Lou next to him, elbowing him. "Fuck you, Ellen", grunted Nico irritated. "Just pointing out that you're that short of drooling", countered the daughter of Hecate. Nico straightened and glared at the other punk. Yes, Lou Ellen was at fault for Nico's new preferred style, because the purple-haired, mischievous witch had taken him shopping quite a lot ever since they had become friends. Not that he minded. He did mind the teasing though. "Mister di Angelo, could I have a moment of your time?", requested Percy as the end of class. "We'll be by the bleachers", nodded Lou, saluting him as she fled the room. Nico remained