This is a translation of one of my fanfictions that I wanted to share with the English community. Sorry if I made some mistakes, this is the first time I do something like this. Hope you guys like it . It´s eight o´clock, just one more hour to go before graduation party starts and I didn't even have the intention of putting on the blue dress that my father had bought me. This wasn't because I didn't want to go to my last high school party, even though I never really like them, it was because I didn't want to see them together, much less in my current state….. My name is Bella Swan and I´m 18 years old, I just finished High School and I´m about to get into college, well…. at least that was the idea before I knew that within a few months I would become a mother. The truth is I never thought this would happen to me out of all people. I was always a very quiet girl with little interest in romantic relationships, my life revolved around school and nothing more, I rarely went out and didn't drink, anyone would think they took me out of a convent. But all that change in a party almost two months ago, when Rose convinced me to go assuring me that she would not let anything happen to me. Now I realize how naïve I was….. Being entirely honest there was also another reason that made me want to go that night and that reason was Edward Cullen. He is a guy who moved to Forks a year ago, he is tall with coppery hair and has such a beautiful green eyes that can leave anyone hypnotized. And not only that, he is also very intelligent and kind to others. He is simply my perfect guy, the only one I have ever felt some kind of interest for. Unfortunately I was not the only one who thought that because almost every girl in my school wanted him, but he acted very indifferent and reserved in that aspect, it seems like no woman in Forks was good or interesting enough to get his attention. That's why I desisted immediately of any action to approach him, because if girls like Rosalie or Tanya were unable to get him, much less someone as simple as me could do anything….. I was just expecting to see him from afar at the party but I never imagined what would happen that night. FLASHBACK "Rose, how many times have I told you that I don't drink?" "Oh, don't be so bitter Bella, where´s your sense of fun?" "You know very well I´ve never had it so why do you keep pushing me?" I tried to return her the beer she just gave me but she shook her head. "No Bella, I want you to relax and have some fun tonight, you´re always so right. God, sometimes you behave more like a seventy year old lady rather than an eighteen year old one. You have to enjoy your youth, do crazy things, try new stuff and this." she pointed the beer. "is one of them. I don't want you getting old and regretting not doing this and as your best friend I order you to take that beer" said with an authoritarian tone. I hated it when she talked to me like that but at the same time it kept me thinking for a while. In a way she was right, my teenager's years will never come back and if I didn't enjoy it to the fullest, I may regret it someday in the future. So without saying anything else I drank the beer and I saw her smile. "Good girl" she said. In that moment, a tall, muscular guy with dark hair approached us and I noticed how he immediately scanned Rose´s body, I didn't blame him though, it was almost impossible not to do that since she was wearing a really short red dress that left little to the imagination. "Hello beautiful" by the way she reacted I realized the interest was mutual. "Hi handsome. What´s your name?" asked with a seductive tone. "Emmett" "I´m Rose, nice to meet you" she came closer to him to whisper something in his ear and took his hand. "I would love to" Emmett answered before Rose turned her attention back to me. "I´m gonna dance with Emmett" she winked before pointing my beer again. "Don't forget what I told you" and with that they left. I stood there not knowing what to do, I looked around and that's when I saw the man of my dreams. He was leaning against the wall across the room looking as handsome as ever. He was wearing jeans and a blue shirt that accentuated his muscles; he was talking with some guys of the school. I felt a strong urge to go to say hello but I held back immediately and decided to better concentrate on taking my beer. Rose returned several minutes later with Emmett and with another beer in her hands. She exchanged it with the one I had. "Hey…" I started to complain but then I noticed that the bottle she had was already empty. I didn't realize the moment I finished it. "Thanks" I finally said and she smiled. They stayed with me for a while but I felt very uncomfortable because Rose was practically all over Emmett and kept whispering things to his ear. During that time I drank two more beers to try to distract myself of the little show that they were giving me and soon after, without saying anything this time, they went to dance again. As time went on I began to feel strange and a little dizzy, I sat on a chair that was near and after a few minutes I decided that it was time to ask Rose to take me home. I began to look for her but I couldn't see her anywhere, I asked some people if they had seen her but they told me that she had already left with a guy about fifteen minutes ago. I could not believe she had gone without telling me, she just left me alone. I didn't know how I was going to get home because Charlie was working the night shift. I went back to the chair to try to calm down my nerves and took another beer. I put my hands on my face while trying to figure out what to do next but for some reason I felt very disconcentrated. "Bella, are you okay?" asked a beautiful voice I knew perfectly. I looked up and was surprised to see Edward standing in front of me. The only thing going through my mind in that moment was: He knows my name? "Erm…" I put my beer on the floor and stood up with difficulty. "Bella?" He put his hand on my arm and immediately I felt a strong current go through my body. Apparently he felt the same because he removed his hand as if I had burned him. I just kept staring at him for a moment and still couldn't believe he was in front of me, he was even more handsome this close. I look at his hair, his eyes, his nose, his lips….they just look so appetizing. I asked myself what it would be like to kiss them. I didn't know what drove me to do it but I just dared and kissed him. Having his lips against mine was so much better than I imagined, I felt fireworks around me that didn't last long because Edward separated me and looked at me puzzled. "Bella, what are you…" I didn't let him finish because I kissed him again and put my arms around his neck. At first he was so static I thought he was going to pull me apart again but after a few seconds he started to kiss me back and the kiss became more intense. He put his arms around my waist and I felt his tongue asking for permission to enter, to which I agreed immediately. I didn't know how long we kept on going until we finally pulled apart. He pressed his forehead against mine while trying to catch our breath. I noticed that he still looked quite shocked but I still wanted to take advantage of the fact that I was feeling very different and daring, so I said: "Dance with me" I took his hands and guided us to the center of the room. I started to dance in a way that I never thought I would be able to, sticking my body to Edward´s and putting his hands on my waist. I kept moving to the music but I noted that Edward just remained motionless, so I whispered: "You have to relax, Edward" he looked at me as if I had two heads but didn't say anything and gradually began to imitate my movements. Having him this close made me feel things that I had never felt before and I loved it. I just followed my instincts and we kept on dancing for a while, I wasn't sure how it happened but suddenly I found myself dancing with my back against his chest and his hands roamed from my waist to my thighs, I could feel every part of his body and his arms enfolding me completely. Suddenly I heard him whisper in my ear: "Bella", it was wonderful to hear him say my name and before I could control myself I turned around and kissed him again. I could never get tired of this. I separated for a moment and noticed that his eyes shone with desire and something else I couldn't identify before I said: "You don't know how long I´ve dreamed about this" this time it was Edward who kissed me like his life depended on it and I just explored his body with my hands as he did with mine. I was traveling my hands down his chest and unbuttoned the top button of his shirt when suddenly he stopped me and the instant he noticed my disappointing face, he said: "Not here" he took my hand and went upstairs. We entered to a room and once the door was closed we kissed again. Before I could think of it, we were lying on the bed and I finally finished unbuttoning his shirt but before I could take it off, a moment of doubt crossed his face and stood up. "Bella I don't know if we should…You´re very…And I…" I also stood up to put a finger on his lips. "Shh…"kissed his neck and added. "I want to do it" I heard him grunt and I kept kissing his neck, slowly went down to his chest as I took his shirt off. When I sat on the bed, he helped me to unbutton his pants and noticed that he was very excited. I touch him gently and said: "I don't know how to…." he immediately understood what I meant so he took my hand to guide me in the movements I had to do. I heard him moan for a while and that made me feel a little proud, slowly I began to stroke him myself and it made me want to continue my exploration, so I took his boxers and pants down completely. I was surprised to see him like that since I had never seen a naked man before. I kept watching him for a few seconds just wondering how someone could be that perfect. Suddenly I heard him laugh and said: "That´s not fair, I´m already naked and you´re still dressed" he kissed me intensely and I felt his hands on the verge of my blouse so I help him to take it off. He kissed my neck and put his hands on my breasts caressing them gently for