Disclaimer (relevant for everything from this point on): Anything you recognize, it's not mine. Harry Potter is not mine; this is only fanfiction. Well, thought Hermione, somewhat bitterly, this has all gone to the shit. It wasn't meant to be a big deal . A routine raid , Harry had said. And had all been fine (well, as fine as attacking a known criminal's headquarters in the middle of the night could be) until Hermione had reached the top floor of the sprawling mansion. Having already stunned the rest of the inhabitants, and Harry having left in order to bring the captured men back to the Ministry, Hermione was hoping this would be it. Already her mind had begun to drift. All she wanted to do was going home and take a bath. A nice bubble bath, she mused, and a good book. That's all I really wanted tonight, considering I woke up with a God-awful hangover, but, hey ho, attacking former Death Eaters is a good alternative. Just as relaxing. Although Voldemort had been killed by Harry Potter in the Final Battle almost three years ago, former Death Eaters still remained at large and there was some lingering support for the now-dead Dark Lord. So, Hermione had once more found herself dragged into saving the Boy-Who-Lived's scrawny arse, as Ron so delicately put it. Ron, meanwhile, had decided to give up on his Auror dreams and instead chose a life of Quidditch, becoming keeper of the Chudley Cannons. Sure, he was only a reserve, but he was happy and the team enjoyed all of the great PR that came from having a War Hero in their squad. Hermione, for one, was glad. She didn't think she would be able to hack both of her boys endangering their lives. The brunette had fully intended to work on S.P.E.W. full time after the War, but quickly realised that, despite her War Hero status, people just didn't seem to care about the opinions of an eighteen-year-old girl, and even less so about house elves. So, Hermione had opted for a Ministry job instead. It wasn't frightfully interesting; when Harry approached her about helping out with his Auror raids, as well as some extracurricular fighting, she had had jumped at the opportunity. Now, just over a year into their escapades, Hermione was tired. She had become much more social than her Hogwarts days and now no longer needed the raids to give her excitement in her life. When she was alone, Hermione's nightmares resurfaced and sometimes only a three-hour long sob could quell the heart-aching sadness for all she had lost. And that simply wouldn't do. But, luckily for her, she was a happy drunk. And she could dance. Ron had Quidditch (and, to a lesser extent, Lavender), Harry had Ginny, and Hermione had her drunken nights out, usually accompanied by Blaise Zabini. The two had struck up an unlikely friendship after frequently meeting up in the same bar, and now used each other to make sure neither one splinched themselves on their way home. Hermione knew Harry didn't approve of either her friendship with Blaise nor her drinking habits, but she was glad that, after a few somewhat faltering fatherly conversations about the dangers of alcohol and strange men, he dropped the subject. He probably didn't want me running to Ginny about it, afraid that I would tell her about how Harry found the prospect of torturing former Death Eaters somewhat soothing, Hermione snorted. No-one had escaped the aftermath and issues of the War, and, although, at least outwardly, Harry seemed to be holding it together, Hermione knew better. Harry wanted revenge. He wanted to take his anger out on something, some one. And with Voldemort gone, Death Eaters were the next best thing. Hermione knew all about anger, though. The anger she had felt towards her parents for refusing to have her back in their lives was unimaginable. She had replaced their memories. She had apologized. She had tried to explain the situation. She had spent seven months in Australia, but to no avail. It didn't matter that it had been for their own bloody protection, they just point-blank refused to have anything more to do with her. So, to Blaise and firewhiskey and long nights out it had been. This meant that when Harry had told her about his small quirk, (which Hermione always felt was an odd way of describing Harry's violent thoughts, but who was she to judge if it made him feel better?), Hermione had promised to help. And, so what if helping meant attempting to save his arse and cover his back as he tortured and maimed men twice his age? Hermione's once impeccable morals had been somewhat shifted by her encounters. She saw right and wrongas slightly more fluid concepts these days, but, after being so affected by the War and its aftermath, she had decided that was okay. All of which brought her to be standing at the beginning of a seemingly endless corridor, without backup, attempting to capture any more dangerous fugitives that may be lurking around. Easy, peasy, lemon-squeezy. "Stupefy!" Hermione snapped back into focus as she narrowly dodged the curse. Where had it come from? Didn't we already get everyone? Glancing around, trying to avoid the sense of panic and dread setting in, Hermione raised her wand. But all remained silent. The corridor in front of her stretched out empty as ever, and the six doors remained firmly shut. "Who's there?" Hermione called out, wand still gripped as tightly as ever. A sudden rustling sound caused her look upwards and straight into the eyes of a masked man gripping onto the ceiling. "Stupefy!" "Expelliarmus!" The two spells were called out simultaneously. Hermione barely had time to put up a shielding charm, before two more curses were sent at her by the darkened figure in rapid succession. However, her vision was abruptly blinded by the bright light being exuded from the man's wand. A dull thud alerted Hermione that the man was no longer gripping the ceiling and had dropped down to the floor. Her vision still blurred, Hermione tried to call for help. "Harry . . ." she croaked, realizing her throat had seized up. Desperately, she attempted to summon a non-verbal Patronus, but the fear eating away at her prevented any happy thoughts. Hermione's heart was thudding in her chest. She was utterly helpless. Still unable to see, she heard footsteps approaching. She pointed her wand in the direction of the noise, trying to fire some curses, but no words came out. A low rumble of a laugh came from behind her. It was menacing, but something about it was oddly familiar. Hermione whipped around, eyes clenched tight shut. "Well, well, well . . . Miss Granger," a disembodied voice said. "If it doesn't sound too awfully cliché . . . we meet again. Although, I would rather have hoped it would be slightly more civilly. Over a cup of tea perhaps? A nice evening dinner? Ah well, I suppose allowances must be made." Hermione lunged forward, attempting a grab at the figure. "Tsk, tsk, Miss Granger. How rude. CRUCIO!" Hermione's body began to seize up as the pain shot threw her. Her knees gave way and she found herself convulsing on the floor. She had been subjected to the Cruciatus Curse before but the raw pain was still unimaginable. I must not scream. I must not scream. Don't give him, it, the satisfaction, Hermione thought, clamping her jaw tight shut. As if her torturer had heard her thoughts, the pain suddenly stopped. Hermione let out a small gasp as her muscles relaxed. "Still a fighter, I see. Well, I feel like that deserves a reward, don't you?" Still blinded, Hermione attempted to face the source of the voice. It seemed to be whispering in her ear, but as she desperately clawed around her face, she made no contact. The voice was quite low now, and Hermione could have sworn that she heard another spell being muttered. She braced herself for another onslaught of pain, but instead slowly saw her vision begin to clear. A man wearing black wizarding robes stood in front of her. A silver mask obscured his face, but a few strands of dark hair fell over it. He was quite a tall man, and built very heavily. Something about him was oddly familiar. Groaning, Hermione attempted clambering to her feet. The man had not cursed her again yet, but she'd be damned if she wasn't going to make it a fair fight when the time came. Her knees felt weak, and the pain still felt as if it was coursing through her blood, but she held her ground, gazing intently at the man so intent on causing her agony. "Standing up as well! How delightful!" The man slowly clapped his hands, the sound booming down the corridor. "Would our lovely little Mudblood like another reward? I think she would." In response, Hermione spat against the figure's face. How dare he? It's as if . . . as if . . . he's playing with his food! Grimacing, Hermione realised that this made her his prey. And looking up at his now convoluting face, her predator was not happy. "Urgh! Disgusting, you little Mudblood bitch!" The figure's calm façade was immediately broken by the harsh words. Hermione felt her throat begin to tighten once more. This is not good! Not good at all! Oh Merlin, why didn't I practice my non-verbals? Past regrets came rushing back to haunt Hermione. With a quick swish of the man's wand, Hermione felt a stab of pain in her gut, causing her to double over in pain. She looked up into the man's delighted eyes and felt sick to her stomach. Am I going to get out of here alive? I've made it this far in life, only to be killed by . . . by . . . As she stole another glance at the man, realization dawned. And it was one that made her blood run cold. The robed man standing in front of her was none other than one of the original Death Eaters- a man whose curse she still bore the mark of. Hermione's eyes widened in fright. Antonin Dolohov was still staring intently at Hermione, his mirth evident. "Ah, I see you've put together the pieces. Well done, my dear. Time for a little rest though, don't you think?" And with that, the blackness she had been fighting against pulled her under. . . . Gasping, Hermione suddenly regained consciousness. Where's Harry? Is he safe? Has he left already? Am I alone? Questions spun around in her head, but the answers eluded her. Their raid had been going so well, too. Before this, the pair had had a 100% success record. Merlin, Hermione , she admonished herself, you're currently at the mercy of Antonin fucking Dolohov and you're honestly worried about your success record?! "Awake already, are we?" Dolohov was perched on a chair in the corner of the room. He seemed to have moved Hermione from out of the corridor and into one of the rooms that branched off it. Gotta conceal the body, y'know. Wouldn't want to ruin the carpet now, would we? Hermione thought, bitterly. But a more pressing though lingered. Why aren't I dead yet? A chilling idea passed through her mind- does he want to keep me here? Torture me? Use me for some Dark Magic ritual? The room was very dark, but she could still make out that it was packed full of objects. Most likely, Dark Objects that could quite possibly kill you, Hermione reasoned. Dolohov seemed to catch onto her line of thinking. "Now, my dear, I was just wondering what to use first. Wanted to make sure you were awake first, of course. You see, it's been a rather long time since I've been able to have