if he thought he was going to catch the snitch first. As she stared, any trace of a smile disappeared and he reached for the tray. The door shut behind him and she let out a breath. She really wasn't going to make it much longer. She knew the average person could only last three, possibly four days at best without water and here she was at day two…? Well, at least on the verge of giving in. She dug into her pocket, pulled out her button, then walked back to the wall. With her back flat against the stone she slid down to sit, letting her hands fall to her sides. Her left pinky knuckle hit a rock, leaving a little scrape. She had no energy to actually do anything about it, so she just started down at her hand and the rock. Her hand and the rock. The rock and her hand. The rock in her hand. Memories rushed toward the front of her mind, childhood memories of drawing brightly coloured suns and butterflies on the sidewalk with pastel-coloured chalk, then running out and using rocks. She scrambled to turn around and kneel at the wall. There were small rocks digging into her knees, as well as all along the base of the wall. They must have been pieces that had crumbled off over time, and she wondered how many people had been here just like she was now, a victim of the Malfoy family. She picked one up, pressed it into the wall with her fingertip, and pulled down, applying as much strength as she figured she could spare. A small white line appeared. She smiled and moved further into the corner, then closer to the floor, and drew another white line. Then another. Two white lines marking the two times Malfoy had visited her. She almost laughed with relief. If she could keep track of his visits, maybe she could keep some semblance of a schedule and that...that would help her to keep even a little bit of her sanity. Hermione loved control, and pretending she had some while she very clearly didn't was a source of comfort. And she would take any comfort she could get. xxx Draco returned the tray to the first house elf he saw, then found the nearest water closet. He scrubbed at his hands and arms frantically. It had been almost a day since her muddy blood had touched his skin, but he swore he could still feel it; taunting him, contaminating him. After a time he felt satisfied and decided to spend a little more time in the gardens. After lunch was served, he considered heading back to his quarters, to retreat into a space he still felt was his own. He stopped short, however, when passing one of the many sitting rooms the manor held. He'd heard his aunt's voice, and a familiar male voice that was not his father's. It was a bit nasally and drawn out. door was just barely cracked open, but he could still see his old Potions Master sitting across from his Aunt Bellatrix. "You have the girl locked up, I presume?" Snape asked. There was a moment of silence before Bella responded. Draco could feel the resentment in the air and, when she responded, the indignation in her voice. There was no love or friendship of any kind between these two, that he knew. They barely tolerated each other. "Do you lock up soiled tissue, Severus? Why would I keep a filthy thing like that? No, we've disposed of it." Snape remained silent and his face remained untouched. Draco's stomach turned on itself, not that he noticed. Granger was dead? She had been alive, even if barely, when he had seen her that morning. Suddenly, Snape's eyes darted over toward the door and Draco remembered that he'd forgotten to shield his mind. He quickly pulled away and started to dash up to his bedroom, fighting the faint urge he had to confirm that she wasn't in the dungeons anymore. However, he was stopped on the stairs by a house elf, whose name he wasn't entirely sure he remembered. "Poddy was justs wondering, sir, what it is Master Malfoy is wantings to do with this?" The elf kept its eyes and head lowered but raised its hand toward him so as to present a small, purple, beaded bag. Frankly, it looked like it had seen better days; it was clearly missing beads in some places, there were threads hanging from the sides, and it was dotted with what could quite possibly be dragon's blood. "It was belongings to the mudblood girl, sir. Poddy found it in the drawing room." Draco just sneered and snatched the bag before pushing past the elf and continuing on to his room. Once on the other side of the door, Draco flung the bag to the floor, kicking it when it fell in his path. He fell back onto white, silk sheets and stared up at the canopy of curtains that surrounded him. This was a routine he had followed for years, staring into his ceiling for however long it took to clear his head, and yet something was different. It was the knot in his stomach, a knot which was quickly growing into a lead weight. XXXXX ahh omg okay so the first chapter is up, i'm so excited for this! i hope you all liked it and i urge you guys to please please please leave comments. i thrive off of feedback! tell me what you thought, what you liked, what you didn't like. what was your favorite line? or part? come on, i'm open to anything! also, for a sneak peak of chapter two, you can follow the tumblr for this fic, 'captive-fic' . also also, the bolded bits at the beginning of the chapter are straight from the book, they are not my lines, they are jk's babies. love you guys, thanks for reading!