Isobelle. Isobelle Dumbledore." Remus blinked twice baffled, his mouth opening in a silent 'oh'. She was used to it by now. Sharing the same surname as the greatest wizard of all times made it impossible not to drop a few jaws. Remus cleared his throat. "I see… then I suppose this will be your first year as a Hogwarts student, isn't that so?" "First year as a seventh year, yes. I have to say though, it's all very different from Durmstrang. It's a little overwhelming." "It's no surprise. Durmstrang and Hogwarts are two completely different schools," he stated. "I do hope I can rise to your expectations as your last teacher, Miss Dumbledore." "Oh?" Isobelle regarded him quietly for a moment and just as he was about to elaborate further, she suddenly remembered why his name had sounded so familiar. "Oh! You were Harry's professor three years ago, weren't you?" Remus nodded with a smile. "How silly of me to have forgotten. Harry and Ron absolutely adored you." Remus' whimsical hazel green eyes danced. She felt a fluttery sensation again, the flapping of butterflies inside her belly. The more she looked at him, the more she found him incredibly handsome. "I'm thrilled to hear it but I'm obliged to confess," he started, winking playfully, "you're not the first to tell me." Isobelle chuckled good-naturedly and, this time, it was heartfelt. The sound felt almost unfamiliar to her own ears, as if it no longer belong to her, or as if she couldn't recognize it anymore. How long has it been since I laughed? she wondered. Merlin, it feels like a lifetime . "My grandpa seems to be very fond of you as well, Professor," she said. "Albus is, with much delight, a dear friend of mine. I can be quite… difficult some times and he has always been very persistent with me." "Ah yes, he mentioned you were stubborn," she chuckled. Remus seemed to grow sheepish. "I believe I'll take that as a compliment." He grinned when she chuckled again. Remus shifted the books from one arm to another while glancing around at the several shelves. "Would you care for some help with the rest? I would very much enjoy accompanying you." First, Isobelle hesitated, but then she nodded timidly, tucking a curl behind her ear gingerly. The way his eyes followed her hand left her tingling, and her face felt like it caught fire. "That would be lovely, thank you." For the remaining of the afternoon, Remus escorted Isobelle, offering his help not just with books but also with other trinkets she was required for school. He could hardly believe he had met Isobelle, the youngest of the Dumbledore family and the only daughter of two of his best friends. By mere chance, which was even more astounding. The last time Remus had actually seen Isobelle was when she was a little girl, laughing and looking at him with big bright blue eyes. All those years and he never even considered… She was so different, so grown up - she had flourished into a young woman. She was beautiful, even if she had inherited very little from her mother, or her father. In fact, Remus would say she was the spitting image of Albus. In a very feminine, very delicate way of course. Remus watched her glide her fingers over several vials and herbs as they wondered through the Apothecary. The faint candle light showered over her fair skin, bestowing it with a golden glow, enhancing the rosiness of her cheeks. Remus felt compelled to let his eyes rover every delicate contour of her delicate silhouette, tracing his bare shoulders. He found them very attractive. The wolf in him gave a primitive growl, making Remus frown. After leaving the Apothecary, where she bought a new potion kit and a couple more extra vials, they made their way back to the Leaky Cauldron. Isobelle sighed as they walked by Florean Fortescue's ice cream parlour. Once it had been bursting with laughter, flourish and joy, and now it was only another dark and empty closed shop. "It's really a pity," Remus said, matching her forlorn sigh. Isobelle looked so crestfallen that he felt himself become as well. "This may be the first time I come to Diagon Alley and leave without one of Florean's sundaes… To tell you the truth, I have quite the sweet tooth." Remus chuckled. Where have I heard that before? "So have I." He brought a hand his pocket and pulled out a small bar of chocolate. He usually kept a stash on him for emergencies. He offered it to Isobelle. The big smile she gave him in return left him all tingly inside. "I know it's not the same as a sundae…" "It's perfect, Professor." They finally stopped in front of the Leaky Cauldron, standing in front of each other awkwardly. "Can you carry all of this stuff by yourself? Don't you need any help?" Isobelle shrugged and, with a simple nonchalant flick of her hand, she charmed the bags and wrappers to float behind her. "You've done more than enough. I can take it from here, see?" "Well then, I hope you have a great evening. It was a pleasure to meet you, Miss Dumbledore." "It was a pleasure meeting you too, Professor, and I'm thankful for your help. Uh… I'll see you soon…?" she trailed off uncertainly, staring up at him nervously, piercing him with sapphire blue eyes. Her anxious and eager question was surprisingly flattering. "I certainly hope so," he answered. "I would very much like to see you again." Isobelle blushed with a smile. She waved at him as she walked off, the bags trailing behind her in the air. Remus stood there for a moment, watching her, knowing very well his mind would give him no rest from the dazzling and lovely young witch who would plague him for the rest of the day. Sooo, what did you guys think? :D