entrance hall was lit with torches and there was a large marble staircase as I glanced to my right. To the left I saw another door from which a loud rumble of noise could be heard. That must where everyone is , I thought curiously. Professor McGonagall led us into a small chamber where we all had to squeeze uncomfortably in order to fit. I ignored my flaming red cheeks as I felt Remus' chest dig into my back. That big of a castle and she had to bring us all into what was, quite possibly, the smallest room in the whole place. This really wasn't my night. "Welcome to Hogwarts," she said. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room. "The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours. "The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you wait." I rolled my eyes when several girls tried to comb their hair and some boys nervously made sure all of their uniforms were in place. I felt Remus' chest vibrate against me as he chuckled quietly. Brilliant, I was blushing again. "I shall return when we are ready for you," Professor McGonagall said. "Please wait quietly." Once her dark purple robes disappeared behind the door, I turned to look at my cousin. Well, he looked positively bored out of his mind. "Do you know which house you would like to be sorted into?" He snorted. "I know which one I don't want to be for sure and that's good enough for me." "My father says your house doesn't have to define you," I said softly. His answer did nothing but to worsen my nerves. What if I was sorted into Slytherin? I didn't want to end up in the house my only favourite cousin hated. "Yeah well, maybe uncle Bren should tell that to my parents," he remarked bitterly. It was my turn to snort. "Because that would be such a lovely discussion." "You're preaching to the choir, cousin." Sirius flashed me a smirk, which I returned. Not long after, Professor McGonagall returned and guided us into the Great Hall. It was more beautiful than any words from my parents could ever describe. Thousands of lit candles floated over four long wooden tables, where the rest of the students were sitting as they eagerly awaited for their golden plates to fill with food. At the end of the hall stood the professors' table, with Dumbledore taking the centre, his blue eyes shining with delight. I would recognize him anywhere. Next to me, Remus tapped my shoulder and pointed upwards. Raising an eyebrow, I followed his finger. I gasped, my eyes widening in wonder. The ceiling was an exact replica of the dark sky outside, with the crescent moon and tiny speckles of stars hovering amidst the clouds. He chuckled at my reaction and I flashed him a grin. How could I not gawk at something so spectacular? It was really rather impossible not to. The Sorting Hat, which was much more tattered than I imagined, sitting on the stool in the middle of the podium, cracked a slit open and began to sing. The Hat sung about each house and the great wizards who bestowed upon it life and power. When the song ended, the hall erupted in applause before quieting it down once more. Professor McGonagall picked up the Hat and called the first student. A little girl named Andrea who was sorted into Ravenclaw. Then she proceeded alphabetically, so it was no surprise when I was called soon. "Aurora Rosier!" I climbed onto the stool, feeling not only awfully self-conscious of the hundreds of people around me but also, and especially, of my cousins' vicious glares as they sat at the Slytherin table. As Professor McGonagall placed the Sorting Hat on my head though, I ignored them entirely. It was quite a fright when I suddenly heard a small voice in my ear, humming thoughtfully: "Hmmm... What an interesting one you are... " the Hat said. "I remember your father yes... and I also remember your mother... Oh, what a wonderful turn of events for those two! Now where would you fit the best... You have the power to succeed in Slytherin, like your father... hum, but I see a great deal of bravery inside your heart as well... Clearly it seems you have taken after your mother... Well then, without any further due... "GRYFFINDOR!" I grinned, my heart soaring with unbelievable happiness. My mother's house! I was sorted into my mother's house! Once Professor McGonagall took the Hat from my head, I bolted to the Gryffindor table, where my now housemates cheered loudly. Fabian and Gideon Prewett, the sons of one of my mother's friends, patted me on my back and ruffled my hair, laughing and congratulating me. Obviously when both Sirius and James also made it to Gryffindor I was beyond ecstatic, but as Remus followed the same fate and sat down next to me, smiling, I suddenly realized just how right my mother was. Hogwarts was really the beginning of my journey.