socially inept. The girl has feelings for you, and told me that you do not return them." "Come now, there's no need to be harsh," Severus said, wincing at Minerva's sharp assessment. "I want to know if there is any chance that you may return Hermione's feelings." "I've grown to respect and appreciate Miss Granger as not just a colleague since she has been working as my assistant." Minerva raised her eyebrows. "And?" she prodded. Snape sighed. "Yes, I care for her." I want her. Minerva's face softened with compassion. "Oh, Severus, what did you do, lad? Did you drive her away?" "Not entirely," he admitted, shamefaced. "But I certainly didn't let her in." Minerva made a tsk-ing sound with her tongue. "I have been hoping that some of your experiences during and after the war might have taught you something at least. Do you plan on spending the rest of your life alone?" "Being alone suits me," Severus replied testily. "I wish I could believe that. Don't you remember being twelve years old, and how you felt the first time I accompanied you playing a violin sonata? You told me you thought you'd never be able to play the piece alone ever again, for it would sound like just a bunch of notes after hearing it along with the piano. If you seriously want to make things right with Hermione, you must make an effort. Don't be adverse to change. Believe it or not," and here Minerva smiled, "you have changed quite a bit already." Severus threw his hands up in a mea culpa gesture. "Minerva, you know personal relationships are not my strong point. What do you propose I do?" "Invite her to your concert," she suggested. "I happen to know that Hermione loves orchestral music." Severus frowned. This was news to him. He'd always assumed that Hermione would have her head filled with pop music just like any other young woman her age. "She's barely speaking to me, except to give me her notice." "That shouldn't be a problem. Now, here's what we shall do." ~sshg~ Hermione looked up from the notes she was taking to see Minerva's personal owl tapping at the window. This was a good place to stop, and she took the small parcel off MacGregor's leg. This was the first correspondence from her old House Head she'd received since her near breakdown in Minerva's office the week before. I've been thinking of you , the note read, and would like to invite you for a night out with me. Enclosed was a ticket to hear the Bromley Symphony Orchestra play an all Tchaikovsky program that Friday. Hermione flushed in pleasure. This was so kind of Minerva. A treat like this was just what she needed. The class Hermione had on Friday afternoon ended late, giving her barely enough time to run home and change before meeting Minerva at the Centre for the Performing Arts. The Hogwarts Headmistress was standing in front as planned, chatting with a middle-aged couple and dressed in what looked like very suitable Muggle best. Hermione knew that Minerva's season tickets to the BSO had her travelling down to London monthly, yet she had never seen Minerva looking so comfortable and at home in a non-magical setting. The older witch called her over, and Hermione was introduced to Dr. and Mrs. Walters, Minerva's 'dear friends and fellow music lovers.' "Are you also here to see Minerva's protégé?" Mrs. Walters asked Hermione. Hermione gave her former teacher a puzzled look, but Minerva, with a glance at her watch and an admonition that it was time to find their seats, hurried them into the auditorium. They had very good seats, towards the front and left side of the orchestra section. By the time they were settled in, most of the musicians were already seated and warming up, the sound of arpeggios and familiar musical excerpts filling the air. Hermione was just getting ready to ask Minerva about her mystery friend when she saw him , sitting at the edge of the stage just behind the principal violins and looking too good for words in his black suit and tie. She turned and gave her friend a long look. "Well of course Severus wouldn't be buried back in the second violin section," Minerva said proudly. "I've been listening to him play and accompanying him since he was a young boy at Hogwarts. This is for you," she continued, passing Hermione a folded piece of parchment. Hermione was written on the front in Severus' familiar spiky script. Minerva tried to convince me to invite you personally, but as you see I was too much of a coward. I was also informed of your affection for me, which you feel I don't reciprocate. This is entirely false. Please forgive me if my words and actions conveyed this. If you would like, I'd be honored if you would join me for a light supper afterwards. -SS Hermione looked up at the stage, meeting Severus' gaze. She gave him a brief nod, and was rewarded with the smallest of smiles. The concertmaster stepped onto the stage, and as the oboe played the tuning note, Severus placed his violin under the left side of his chin. But of course – the bruising Hermione had seen had been from the many hours of practice he must have logged to prepare for this event. You silly, silly cow! Hermione berated herself, only this time with a wry smile. Relaxing into her seat, she sighed happily, prepared to enjoy a delightful concert and whatever else might come afterwards. Author's notes: A sonata is musical form comprised of a keyboard and one or more solo instruments. The Bromley Symphony Orchestra is an actual semi-professional orchestra in London. And as a note to all you research geeks ( myself included), writer's liberty has been taken with the program, for as far as I know this orchestra has never performed an all Tchaikovsky concert.