of his stupor by James. Remus and Peter left Sirius to his best friend minutes ago, making their way through the throng to secure the marauders a prime compartment location. "Sirius, let's go. Snap out of it," James was saying as he lightly shook his best friend. Sirius gave a start, before looking at his friend like a deer in headlights. "I've lost Andy…" Sirius said, still shell shocked. James sighed, pulled his friend to his feet, and gave him a hug. "You haven't lost her, bud. She's still gonna be there. Maybe not right away, but it'll get better," James consoled, flashing Sirius a cheeky grin, "Plus, we're the school's premier pranksters! Nothing can get between us and what we want without suffering the consequences!" James's peppy attitude perked Sirius up a little, and they made their way toward the exit to the hall. On the way, Sirius stopped at the Slytherin table where Andy was still quietly shaking in Ted's arms. "Andy…" Sirius said cautiously, "I still wanna come to the wedding…" His cousin gave a pained laugh. Andy smiled at her cousin, but shook her head. "Siri, you need to keep pretending. Pretending around your mother will keep you safe in the family. When you take over the Black Family legacy as the rightful heir, I know you will make great changes. We can make our family name noble in deed and not just title. You must carry on the act or we may never have the chance. You and I will find a way to keep in touch until that time comes." Seeing the reason in Andy's request, Sirius nodded his head and dove into her for one last hug. She obliged her favorite little cousin before pushing him back to a waiting James. His best friend ushered Sirius toward the exit when they glanced back at Andy to catch Ted slipping her engagement ring back onto Andy's finger. When he lifted his gaze, the boys saw Ted mouthing 'thank you,' but to whom Sirius did not know. Seeing this lit a fire in Sirius's Gryffindor heart, and he decided he wasn't going to pretend any longer. He leaned on James for support but knew when they reached the train there was something he'd have to do on his own. Diverging toward the back of the train, Sirius took deep breaths to calm himself. Playing it safe didn't protect him like Andy thought, it only made him feel depressed and he was tired of feeling that way. He was pissed. If Andromeda was no longer a family member, then he didn't want to be either. No other Black would ever understand him the way Andy did. She was his real family. As he approached the compartment that held his target, Sirius took another steadying breath and dropped his outward persona completely. Sirius opened the compartment door and flopped onto the seat across from Narcissa. This put him between two of her friends who he made sure to tell Narcissa were prettier than she was. She fixed him with a glare, which he ignored. "So Cissy dearest, did you hear the news? Mum's gone batty and started blasting the tapestry again," Sirius said playfully. Narcissa pursed her lip, trying to read him as she always could, but found him acting so out of the ordinary that she couldn't. "I don't know what you're talking about," she replied, opting for the ignorant approach despite everything. Her friends shifted but remained quiet. "Now that's truly interesting," Sirius said, leaning towards her with a misplaced, lopsided grin, "because I know what my mummy dearest did, and I know who it was that tipped her off about good old Teddy. Normally I would just let this go since obviously there's nothing I can do about it but I think you deserve a little reward for your valiant efforts at keeping the tree pure. Don't you agree?" "You're talking foolishness, Sirius. I suggest you right your behavior before we get to Grimmauld Place or your mother will be very displeased. Despite your… practical joking… you've still been upholding the name with your grades and connections," Narcissa said dismissively, "you will certainly be pardoned for not telling Auntie about Andromeda when you found out about her pet mudblood." Sirius kept his lopsided grin firmly in place, not taking Narcissa's dismissive attitude for what it was. "Thank you so much for that compliment. Just for that, I'll be sure to tell my mum how you never checked in on me, and when she sees how much the Gryffindor house corrupted me, it'll be your fault Cissy. I know you've been mum's loyal spy ever since Trixie graduated, you should've seen it coming," Sirius taunted. Narcissa glared at her younger cousin. "You wouldn't dare." Sirius stood, making for the exit. Before leaving the compartment he turned his head and said, "Cissy dear, you don't seem to realize. You hurt the one person in this family that actually matters to me. Therefore, I am committed to making your life a living hell. It's the least I can do to return the favor." As the door closed behind him, Sirius felt the strongest wave of animosity he'd ever felt in his life. For the first time he felt truly free around his family. When he returned to his friends, he found himself more animated than ever as the fearless four sketched out the plans for Sirius's new bedroom décor Remus provided the necessary spells from a book he'd gotten from the Prewett twins; James provided the inspiration, and Peter provided the muggle magazines. Oh yes, Sirius would be having good fun with his family this summer. He was done being what they expected him to be and they wouldn't know what hit them. A/N 3135 words, Ravenclaw house, Themed entry: Family Prompt: "I'm committed to making your life a living hell" A quick thanks to Rejooc and alixxblack for beta-ing the hell out of this! You're life-savers!