Hermione knew her as one of her neighbors. The neighborhood knew the woman as the mother of those evil triplets that wrecked havoc in the suburbs. A shrew who spent most of her time gossiping with the other women rather than raising her brats properly. Which is probably why she was dubbed the mother of all devils. Hermione wrinkled her nose at the other culprit. The other woman was the flat-nosed,snake-faced assistant who had discovered her parents' bodies. Hermione instantly disliked the woman from the first time they met, however, she believed that even an evil ghoul like her wouldn't be capable of saying such tactless things. Voldemort would have like her Hermione thought humorlessly. Merlin, even Snape was more human than this person. Well if i have my way , mused Hermione nastily. She won't be able to say a thing at all. Finally Hermione reached the twittering pair. The "Devil's mother" noticed her first. Her mouth fell open forming a "o" in shock. She was no idiot. She could tell from the hostility in Hermione's face that she heard enough. The assistant continued to chatter to her friend cluelessly. Hermione reached out her right arm, grabbing the assistant by the shoulder. The assistant turned and finally acknowledged the girl in front of her. She gave Hermione a fake,simpering smile. Then with a sickening, sweet voice the assistant spoke, "Oh Hermione! Darling! I'm so sorry for your loss." Then taking Hermione by the shoulders she look straight into her eyes. "If you ever need anything….anything at all, do not hesitate to come to me. Okay?" Hermione was livid. Originally, Hermione was planing to tell the two women off but now all thoughts of settling this peacefully were out the window. Not able to take this anymore, Hermione let out a strangled, angry shriek and pounced. "You're really lucky Mrs. Conner dropped the charges", Old lady Granger told Hermione. Holding a cotton ball drenched in alcohol in her hand, she dabbed the many cuts on her granddaughters face. Hermione said nothing, staring stonily at the wall of her bathroom. It had not been lucky at all. Hermione already knew of the many undercover witches and wizards stationed all over Muggle London. She just didn't think there would be so many allies yet not a single one was around to save her parents. All it took to get rid of the charges were a few mind altering charms plus "obliviate". Hermione was then free to go. "Hermione look at me ", ordered her grandmother. "You are normally much smarter than this. Honestly what on earth were you thinking?" "You didn't hear what they said", Hermione bit out. "That is still no excuse", snapped Old Lady Granger. Her eyes softened. "I'm just worried about you. This isn't normal. You aren't acting like yourself." Like what Hermione thought bitterly. Like the obedient , know-it-all brat that you all love? Instead she said, "It's just the shock Granny. I read about it in a book. It's normal." "Hermione you almost clawed that poor woman's face off", Old Lady Granger exclaimed in disbelief. Hermione hid a sadistic grin. Grandma Granger sighed. "If you need to see someone, just tell me alright?" Hermione said nothing. "Alright?", Granny Granger said albeit louder. "Yes Granny", Hermione said. Old Lady Granger patted her granddaughter's head affectionately. Hermione wrapped her arms around her grandmother. "I'm ok Granny. I really am." There was no way for Hermione to sleep that night. Despite feeling like her body was about to melt through the floorboards, her eyes stared upwards at the ceiling wide open. She hardly slept since she received the news. That was a week ago. She looked to her left at the alarm clock on the nightstand : 12:54 am. Well she was definitely not going to sleep anytime soon. She wondered how things turned out so wrong so quickly. For a minute she could relate to how difficult Harry's life must be to lose loved ones all the time. He even lost another this year Hermione recalled, remember the loss of Sirius. He must be feeling even worse than me. The difference between them however was, unlike Harry, Hermione was warned. She knew that it would happen but was unable to do anything about it. A suffocating feeling of powerlessness overwhelmed her. There is no point thinking what would happen if things were different Hermione reminded herself. The wizarding world didn't care about her and her tragedy. No, the wizarding world rejected people like her. People that were mudbloods. But, the one person who should have cared failed her realized Hermione. Shaking, the thought from her mind, Hermione tried once again to sleep. Professor Firenze looked at the magically conjured constellation in his classroom. The centaur was listening to Dumbledore and Professor Mcgonagall debrief him on the preparations for the return of the school's students in a few weeks. A particular shining dot on the ceiling distracted him from the eccentric Headmaster's tittering. "Mars is exceptionally bright tonight", the centaur said cutting off the Headmaster. Professor Mcgonagall sniffed in derision, fully prepared to reprimand Professor Firenze for his rudeness, but Dumbledore held out his left hand ,stopping her. He looked at her with that familiar twinkle in his eye. The stern-faced professor had no choice but to back off. "What was it that you said Firenze?", asked Dumbledore kindly. After experiencing much in his life, the man knew better than two ignore divine premonitions. "Mars is bright tonight. It tells of war." Dumbledore figured that Firenze was speaking of the imminent threat of Voldemort. Nothing new then, he determined. Bidding the centaur a cheerful goodbye Professor Mcgonagall and he left Firenze all alone in his divination classroom. Firenze didn't move his gaze from the ceiling. He already knew that even a human with as much intellect as Dumbledore still wouldn't be able to interpret the future in the stars. Mars was bright that night, but oddly enough, so was Jupiter.