right of Ragnok and began his report. The hits on the Magi-pedia web site had steadily grown over the first three years they had run it. Ninety percent of the traffic was Mundane Born with nine percent Half-Bloods and one percent accidental hits by Mundanes who considered it nothing more than a joke site put up to try and take advantage of gullible people. Pure-Bloods were still ignorant of the site and most things Mundane. With their tracking software he had good news to report, one of their main "targets" had been visiting the site regularly since the end of the school year and he had been mining her data to subtlety lead her to where the Director hoped she would find the proper information. When Griphook learned she had found the Ancient House of Granger he had the Inheritance Department run a Family Line test on stored blood (as unethical as that is the Goblins liked to know who they were dealing with) and found that Hermione Jane Granger was indeed the last of that Ancient House. Since she would be the 50th generation of witch or wizard, with the clean record of the Grangers, Noble status and a seat in the Wizengomot was assured. Griphook also informed the Director that Miss Granger had been printing all the information she could find on the Most Ancient and Most Noble Houses paying close attention to their other hopeful Harry James Potter (the Goblins had heard rumors of the close friendship between Hermione and Harry and believe that setting yourself up now for success in the future was essential). Griphook suggested that it may be time to contact Mr. Potter and see if a meeting could be arranged, maybe intimating that he should bring someone with him for advice and as a sounding board. Director Ragnok agreed and dismissed Griphook telling him that he would write the letter to Mr. Potter personally. Harry had been awakened that morning by Hedwig lightly nipping his ear to get Harry's attention. Harry instinctively reached to his bed side table and gave the owl a couple of treats before sliding the letter off her leg. He reached for his glasses at the same time as he sat up and as the world came in to focus opened the latest letter from Hermione. Dear Harry, Just wanted to keep you up to date as to what I've been doing. The research is going very well; I think that you will be happy with what I've found. On a different note, have you been talking to Ron? I've received several letters from him and while that is unusual in itself, what has been bothering me are the darker undertones I've gotten from his letters. He is writing as if I am his property, telling me what we'll be doing for the rest of the summer and how I should act around his family and friends. Speaking of which, he has been trying to lead me into spending less time with you and suggesting that you are a bad influence for the two of us. Harry let me be brutally honest, if it was not for the fact that Ron is your friend, because of the way he has and still does treat me I would have nothing to do with Ronald "The Human Garbage Disposal" Weasley. He's a nice boy (and I do mean boy, I'm not sure he'll ever grow up. Sometimes he acts worse than Malfoy) when he wants to be but that isn't often enough. I do like a guy in our year though, I know you know who it is and if you give it a little thought I bet you can come up with his name. I love you , Hermione Harry was pretty slow when it came to girls, but even he didn't need to be beat over the head with a heavy rock and shown the neon flashing picture of Hermione to figure out what Hermione was hinting at with that last line and the sign off (for those slow on the uptake, she was obviously trying to tell him she was deeply in love with Neville Longbottom... or possibly Luna Lovegood, maybe Moaning Myrtle, it really is confusing and I am just a simple guy after all?). A smile crossed his lips as he thought about him and Hermione kissing, it turned into a frown as he thought about Ron's reaction. Harry was brought out of these musings as a rather large crow swooped in through the open window and landed beside Hedwig on her perch. The instant Harry released the bundle it was carrying the crow flew back outside and was gone. The package had the Gringotts symbol on it and contained a letter and a long, slim box; The letter was addressed to Harry J. Potter, Durskaban, Smallest bedroom with the broken desk, looking around to find where the cameras were hid, he cautiously broke the seal of the letter and began to read. Master Harry James Potter, It has come to our attention that there is some business that needs your direct involvement here at Gringotts. Please find enclosed a reusable two-way portkey, the activation word is "Snorack". Please use this at your earliest convenience, it is suggested that you bring someone you trust to act as an advisor with you. I'm sorry We can't give you any further information at this point in time as the situation is of a sensitive nature. Director of Gringotts and King under the Bank of the Goblin Nation, Ragnok Harry opened the box and found that the portkey was a Golden Eagle feather, and knew that as soon as he got to the Burrow he would have to let Hermione know, as she was the only person he trusted enough to want to take with him as an advisor and confidant. Smiling as he remembered Hermione's letter, he also vowed to ask her to be his girlfriend as well.