by most organizations. Of course the wizard knows them as customers and friendly acquaintances, since they were all about mid to late twenties in age, and has had multiple dealings in the past. For example Godric had asked for a magical sword, but the wizard had told him to look for goblins instead. Since he knew Gryffindor was looking to use it more as a sword rather than a magical artifact. They came with surprising news for the wizard. They asked him if he would be interested in closing down shop and joining them in their efforts to create a wizarding academy for the newly awakened magical children in Britain. They know of his experience of having to run away from the church as an awakened child, not to mention they were really struggling to find knowledgeable wizards willing to impart knowledge on to normal students instead of close disciples. The wizard was interested, and at such a point in his life where he has no foreseeable goals for the future, he decides to join in and was willing to devote his pile of resources to the cause. It was the best decision he's ever made. -546464- The coming spring he was contacted by the "Hogwarts Four", which apparently will be the name of the school, informing that they have decided on a location in Scotland, a remote castle that Salazar had manage to acquire for the school. The wizard packed up all of his belongings in magical luggage and set off to meet them there. The castle was quite plain with a lake and a patch of forest attached to the castle grounds. He met up with the others and immediately begin planning the school grounds lay out. They had lots of work to do before the coming fall when they will be accepting students for the very first time. Godric, and Salazar were to travel to the corners of the British Isles and plant down wards stone that have been prepared by the wizard. Anytime a child within the boundaries of the wards awakens their magical powers it will be detected and the school would sent someone to scoop them up to join the school in the coming year. Rowena would spent the next few months not only planning out the curriculum for potions, herbology, dueling, enchanting as well as runes, but she would also be responsible for preparing the school supplies for the students. Helga would be responsible for setting up the small settlement a little bit off of Hogwarts grounds, a village of sorts for the magical community to interact with the school and its students. The wizard was left with the task of setting up wards for the school, establish boundaries between the forest, lake and school grounds, each requiring different set of wards. The castle was the focal point of the warding efforts, the wizard planned for the castle to as time goes on morph in to a magical being, functioning through the system of wards that interconnect. As he expect the castle to absorb the unsteady magical energy emitting from developing young wizards, and over time turn from just a stone structure into a magical one. The wards on the castle would be a never ending effort to maintain and update, as the castle progresses. The forest was to be filled with magical species collected from all over England, and according to Godric would become the training ground for those students that seek to adapt an adventure life after leaving school. The wards here would require living species form an agreement with the castle to not fatally harm students that cross into the forest, in exchange for settlement and protection from the outside world. But more realistically the forest would probably start with species that were bullied by Godric and forced to move into the forest. The lake served an important purpose as well, it would also have some magical species living in it, but it's not expected for them to interact with students as much, they are after all living under water. But the lake would be the canvas for the wards that form a contract between the students entering the castle for the first time, and Hogwarts herself. All first time students must arrive on the boat across the lake, to form a magical contract recognizing them as a Hogwarts student, extremely important as this would interact with other parts of the schools warding systems. As August was coming to an end, the wizard was getting excited, ever since he had mastered rune crafting, he's had few experiences as fulfilling as the work he's done in the past few months, he was eager to start specially since he heard the runes stones he sent out has done its job and Godric and Salazar has manage to round up about fifty students to start the first year. …. Ron shook his head and stood up from the sofa, he wouldn't be going to Hogwarts for another year, what should he do in the mean time? A/N Next chapter would probably cover from this point to the start of 1st year, as not to drag on the part of the story before book time line. Not quite sure about length per chapter longer or shorter?/ Excuse grammar and spelling mistakes as English is my second language. So many ideas finally I've decided to act on one of them, hope there will be more to come I guess. Obviously all relevant rights belong to the original author and this is more for sake of personal enjoyment than anything else. Really need to catch up on re-reading the books lel! Referred to as the wizard definitely not because I haven't thought of a good middle age wizard name… cough cough! Edit. Noticed comment on Percy grade,, made me flip out and realized i messed up big time will be adjusting Ron's age to 10 and also making changes to already uploaded chapters to accommodate it.