just sit in silence. Harry don't mind, it seem perfect and he never that social or if he ever time pass and he know he will take his punishment with a sigh, he jump from the swing. "What time they expect you home." "Before dinner." Probably for whatever trashing he deserve. "We should walk together." "Okay." He said, even it would probably get him to trouble but he will take care of it, he hope. Beside walking with Ari make it better, not too scary. "There probably a way, so they don't blame you." "Um, yeah. Whatever." Said Harry. "Listen." Ari pull him to wall and he feel unconformable in his watch. "I am not them, i want you to think, to opinionated. You're smart Harry, i know it and i don't want you to become a puppet who nod and walk for another person." Harry look At Ari who serious with his word, he feel the word are true but there a voice inside his head, harsh voice that sound like his uncle. "I... i don't know." "It's okay. Papa said it's better to say you don't know then act smart." Ari said, Taking Harry hand, he still bit jolt but it was better especially after he heal Ari wound. "I guess you couldn't make it worse. So yeah." "Good, just follow my lead and they probably won't punish you." He said walking in the front while muttering 'Of course you shouldn't be punished'. Privet drive start to dark an the streetlight is on, Harry walk with the most miserable face he could put, Ari say's to him, it's about pleasing Petunia and whatever make him bad, make them happy, so Harry continue to do it. He even slump his shoulder and let go Ari hand when they start to see No.4. "Evening, Ms. Dursley." Said Ari, putting charming smile that look perfect, Harry wonder where he practices it and to whom he do that. "Evening..." "Arian Almos, No.13." He said shaking Petunia hand. "Beautiful garden you have Ms. Dursley." "Oh, really, my husband always say i have green thumb." Harry almost snort, he was the one who work at the garden but he hold his mouth. His job is to become a shadow something that easy and he have to be patient because it will be petty and annoying conversation. "I meet your Father, nice man but... Isn't it bit late and what are you doing with the Boy." "Oh." Said Ari looking at Harry like he finally realize he was there. "He make trouble at school but i straighten him. Papa said it's a job for proud civilian like us, for the good of community boy like him should be put on leash." Harry bit his lip when he hear it. Ari act so real he start to loath him but if he stop listen he can hear his hate not directed at him but at the woman in the front lawn. "Well, he always trouble for us, never take it for granted." "It just need firm hand. Put him with stick and carrot." Ari said, then they hear front door open, Dudley look surprise and scared seeing Ari smiling and chatting with his mother. At this point Harry scared too. "Hello, Dudley." Said Ari in cheerful voice, there still malice in the tone the difference Dudley now it was directed to him. "It's good you here." "Why, it's good Dudley here." Ask Aunt Petunia looking at Arian and his son. "Well, Ms-." Said Arian, putting a shy seven year old boy. "Oh call me Petunia dear." Said Petunia, if Harry had a pound he will bet Arian will put a smile, he never remember where aunt Petunia in first base name. "Then call me Arian, Ma'am. I think it will be good if we put study group. Of course if we included Dudley he probably the one who teach us." Said Ari laughing and Petunia joining. Nobody seeing horrifying where Dudley be forced to study. "Of course, my Duddykin always smart boy. But, what about the boy." "It's simple, like i said stick and carrot. I will become his friend." It was silent and Harry already count to many when Petunia and Dudley gaping their mouth. "Let me ask question, how many time you beat him." "Pretty much." "Does it work." He ask. "I mean it doesn't right. Try to give him food and bit of slack but don't- where his sleep?" "The freak sleep under the cupboard." Said Dudley, clearly Petunia don't want Ari or the neighbour hear that but it's too late and there no one near enough to listen "Don't remove him, put him there so he know his place. I promise in one week, he will not have his accident. I really like to explain it but how about you arrange the visit." "Um, sure." "We're friend, promise." Said Arian hugging him and bid him good bye and sneezing when he walk bit far. Harry took a deep breath and come to place that supposed to be home. Now he feel less like it, he will survive in this place. He don't know if he was surprised that aunt Petunia following Arian word to feed him a bit more and told Dudley to go to study more. Sure he still got chore and uncle Vernon have good day that he don't realize Harry at all, a improvement for him. When he was put in the cupboard and the door being locked and the dark come again. He pull the paper that Ari give him, he found it on his trouser and he don't know how it found there. I take you from there. Promise. He flip the paper and place it under the pillow. There only one question in his head, why Ari want him, it doesn't make sense for him. Nobody ever want him even listen to him but he cannot place to hope even it was painful but he will.