what they're doing." Elliot began to mock-protest, which just caused the others to laugh. "Hey! I know what I'm doing-I helped us beat you a couple of years ago!" "Yeah-and played with a dislocated shoulder, and then cracked it afterwards by slipping on a wet stair. If that's not being an idiot, I don't know what is ." "Oh hush, you." Leah grinned up at the older boy as he gently pulled her into a hug, and then pressed a kiss to her forehead. Elliot then turned back to James and Sirius. "Seriously, thank you for that, though-Leah was never going to say anything no matter how bad things got, and they wouldn't have listened to us if we tried-" "We did try. And they definitely didn't listen." Carter called as he and Cooper walked back across the pitch. Both of them had satisfied smirks on their faces, and both Elliot and Leah groaned. "How beaten up are they?" the younger girl queried. Both of the Beaters immediately plastered innocent looks on their faces, but none of the others bought it. "They're not that bad off, we swear. They just may be sore for a few days…all over." Cooper muttered. Leah chuckled quietly. "Thanks, guys." she muttered, smiling up at them all. The men all smiled at her, laughing as she slowly began to blush and looked down at the ground. Eventually, her head snapped back up. "Crap…that means that we have to find three new players in three weeks! How are we going to find two new Chasers and a Seeker in three weeks?" Cooper gently rested a hand on her shoulder. "Relax, Leah-we already know a few people. Remember Madison? Madison Girlich? We've played against her a few times in friendly matches-she's not too bad of a Chaser." "And neither is Natalie Hartsorn-that third year who dislocated her wrist right before tryouts." Elliot continued. "I talked with her afterwards, and she was heartbroken about having to miss the tryouts. We could go and grab them and see how well they do with the rest of us." "All right…that just leaves a Seeker." Leah murmured, biting her lip. This time, instead of a nervous reaction, it was more of a thinking motion. "Hmm…what about that fifth-year…I don't remember his name, but that guy who went around and murdered that bug in the common room a few days ago? I swear he tracked that thing for like five minutes while he was chasing it." "Oh-you mean Daniel Watson, don't you?" Carter queried, nodding slightly. "I remember that-and he's pretty handy on a broom, too. I think he wanted to come to tryouts, but he was a bit nervous to. He's shy, just like you." Leah rolled her eyes, but quietly grinned at him. "I'm not shy-I'm an introvert who has social anxiety." "And you're shy." "…yeah…" The younger girl quickly reached out and slapped her boyfriend on the arm, causing him to wince briefly. "Owh, Leah!" "Hey-at least she didn't elbow you in the stomach. Those things are sharp!" Carter teased. The others laughed, and Leah groaned, gently facepalming. "I swear-I'm surrounded by idiots." she murmured. After a few moments, she turned to her teammates. "So, would you guys be okay with going and grabbing the three of them? That way we can try them out and see how well they work with the four of us." The three boys nodded, setting their brooms down against the wall. "We'll be right back-don't burn the pitch down while we're gone or anything." Elliot teased. Leah nodded, smirking at him. "Don't worry-most of it will still be standing when you get back." The older boy chuckled, rolling his eyes before following the two Beaters off the pitch. Leah then turned to James and Sirius, her hazel eyes twinkling. "Isn't the rest of the Gryffindor team going to be mad when they find out you two helped me?" she questioned. Both James and Sirius grinned, shaking their heads. "No, they were fine with it once we explained what was going on…and that we weren't going to reveal any of our trade secrets." "The Gryffindor team has secrets? That's news!" "Oh hush, you." "Besides-we've both beaten Slytherin, and you've beaten Hufflepuff. We have to beat you in order to get to play in the final…which would still be against you…but we'd rather play against a team who doesn't break off into two separate factions every five minutes, even though that would be a lot easier to beat. We'd rather have an opponent that we know we want to beat than one we know we can pity -beat." "Um…thanks…I think." The others chuckled, before gently patting her on the back. Leah grinned, gently hugging both of the boys. Both James and Sirius brushed a kiss onto her forehead, resting their arms around her shoulders. "Thanks, guys," she murmured quietly, smiling back up at them. James grinned, squeezing her shoulders gently. "Don't worry, Newt-we're always going to watch out for you. You're one of our good friends, after all." Leah grinned, leaning into their touch a bit more. The Marauders were always going to look out for her…and that was just fine with her. A/N 2: Well, I hope you all enjoyed this story! I've been working on this for a while, and I'm happy with how it worked out! I almost forgot to give credit where credit was due, but the question that the eagle knocker asks them is from a Buzzfeed quiz that I found. I may be a Ravenclaw, but I'm not good at coming up with riddles. Just wanted to give credit to them, I should have chapter 9 of TLC done soon, but I start my second semester of college in 3 days, so we'll see how that works out. I have the last chapter entirely completed, so it's just chapter 9 that I need. Well, I hope you enjoyed this story, and I'll see you all soon! God bless, 1monster2