Dudley a new one. Jasmine had a feeling that this wasn't going to last, because when good things happen to her, something terrible would come along. One time, Jasmine had actually befriended a boy named Kyle, but Dudley and his gang had done something to Kyle, which resulted in him suddenly switching schools or moving half-way across Great Britain. That friendship lasted two days. After lunch, Dudley wanted to go to the reptile house because he and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras, and thick, man-crushing pythons. When they got there, Dudley and Piers went to find the largest snake; Jasmine was content by looking at the turtles instead of the snakes, since she wasn't a big fan of them. At least the turtles couldn't eat or kill her. Someone ran up behind and grabbed her shoulder. "Jazz, come look at this." Harry sounded giddy. She looked at him, "Look at what?" "You got to see what this snake is doing," Harry replied, grabbing her arm again. "Come on." He started pulling her somewhere. "Harry, you know I don't like snakes," Jasmine stated, trying to stand her ground. "I'd rather look at the turtles." She pulled back, but Harry pulled her forward. "It's just for a few minutes. You can continue staring at the turtles for as long as you please," Harry replied. "Okay, fine," Jasmine said. She allowed Harry to lead her to the exhibit where the snake was being held. She noticed that the placard said something about how it was a Brazilian Boa Constrictor and saw that it was staring up at Harry. "I brought my sister, Jasmine," Harry said, motioning to Jasmine. The Boa Constrictor looked at her, then back at Harry. Dudley appeared and pushed Jasmine out of the way, "move it you." She stumbled and hit the concrete floor, scrapping her knees and palms. Harry ran over and crouched down to check on her. "Are you okay?" He glared at Dudley and Jasmine noticed that it looked like the glass of the case had vanished. She gasped in shock. Dudley went tumbling headfirst in the cage and unfortunately the boa constrictor had gotten loose, judging from the other people screaming and running for the exits. She got up and ran with the other people who had started screaming, running for the exits. I don't want to be that thing's lunch! She thought panicking. It took her a few minutes to realize that she left Harry behind. She stopped to glance back to see the boa constrictor slithering past him and she realized that it was heading for her! She started running for the exit but someone grabbed her by the back of her shirt and she screamed. She noticed that it was Aunt Petunia and she wasn't sure what was worse, the snake or her aunt. She was led back to where Uncle Vernon had Harry by the collar of his shirt, and Dudley was still in the exhibit. All Jasmine can hear is the keeper of the reptile house asking where the glass had gone. They were brought in the zoo director's office, while Uncle Vernon threatened to sue the zoo, a woman bandaged up Jasmine's knee, because she realized that it was bleeding from getting shoved to the ground. The director had given Aunt Petunia some strong, sweet tea, and had brought in a tray of biscuits for the kids. Uncle Vernon had intervened by taking the tray to give to Dudley and Piers. Luckily, Jasmine had quick reflexes and had snatched a biscuit from the tray. She broke it in half and gave the larger half to Harry, who gave her a small smile in thanks. The director appeased the Dursleys by giving them year round free memberships, but Jasmine knew that Dursleys would never take her and Harry back to the zoo. They were back in the car. Dudley was saying how the boa constrictor nearly bit his leg off and Piers was swearing that it nearly squeezed him to death. Harry and Jasmine looked at each other. She rolled her eyes at how dramatic they were being. "Hey, weren't you two talking to it?" Piers asked, shoving his elbow into Harry's ribs, pushing him into Jasmine. She glared at Piers, wanting to find some way to get back at him for hurting her brother. She just didn't know how at the moment. Maybe she can give him all the wrong answers on her tests because he copies off of her. She noticed that Uncle Vernon had tightened his grip on the steering wheel and waited until Piers got out of the car and in his home, before Vernon started on ranting at them, but he sounded incoherent. When they got inside Number 4, Vernon managed to splutter out, "Explanation! Now!" Jasmine grabbed Harry's arm in fear, "I don't know. I'm being honest." "Yeah, it was like magic," Harry stated. Vernon's face turned purple and Jasmine dragged Harry to their cupboard. She heard Vernon shout something as she closed the door. She pressed her ear against the door, hearing what sounded like their aunt rummaging around for a bottle of brandy. She looked at Harry who was sitting on the bed. "Did you manage to hear what he said?" "I think he said something about no meals," Harry replied. Jasmine sighed and went to sit down next to him. "Why is it that when something odd happens to us, we get punished?" Before Harry can answer, the grate to their cupboard slid open and Vernon hissed menacingly, "There's no such thing as magic." The grate closed again and they were left in darkness. A/N: I'm not sure how this going to take, but if anyone likes it so far, updates might be erratic, because I'm currently moving and the new house doesn't have internet. I was inspired by the fics: Lost Along The Way: The Beginning by January Lily and The Potter Twins and the Sorcerer's Stone by AoiKuroNekoSan.