bother. "This is boring," Dudley stated and went to look at a different snake. The Dursleys and Piers followed after him, but Hailey stayed where she was. She read the placard seeing that snake was a Brazilian Boa Constrictor who was bred in the zoo. She looked at the glistening, brown coils and wouldn't be surprised if the poor thing was dead instead of asleep. She certainly would if her only company was people drumming on the glass. She thought that living in a glass tank would've been worse than living in the cupboard where her aunt pounded on the door to wake her up. At least she was allowed to visit the rest of the house, go outside, and even go to Mrs. Figg's house. The boa constrictor suddenly opened its eyes and Hailey looked back at the magnificent creature. It slowly raised its head and winked at her. She blinked a few times, did I just see that? She looked around and saw that no one was watching her. She looked back at the boa constrictor and winked back at it. The snake jerked its head to Dudley and Uncle Vernon, and then looked at Hailey. " I get that all the time," the snake's expression seemed to say. "I bet," she murmured at the glass. "It must get really annoying." The snake nodded vigorously and Hailey looked at the placard again. "I bet you would really love to go to Brazil, huh?" The snake nodded again. "Dudley! Mr. Dursely! Come and look at this snake! You won't believe what its doing!" Piers shouted, causing her and the snake to jump. Dudley went waddling to the boa constrictor's tank as fast as he can, "Move it!" He shoved Hailey to the side and she hit the ground. She winced as her palms and knee scratched against the cement. She looked at her scrapped palms and looked up because Dudley and Piers started howling in horror. She looked over to see what they screaming about, when she saw that it looked like the front glass of the boa constrictor's tank was missing along with the boa constrictor. The snake slithered by Hailey and she jumped up to get away from it. She backed away from the snake in horror, but it just slithered right by her. She could've sworn she heard it hiss, "Brazil, here I come. Thanksss, Amiga," as it went by. She couldn't see where it went as the patrons of the reptile house ran to the exit screaming in horror. Her heart was beating rapidly, as she looked for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, Dudley even Piers , but she couldn't find either of them. She finally saw Piers running to the exit, but she noticed that something brown was following after him. Someone roughly grabbed her upper arm and started to drag her to the exit. She was about ready to start kicking and screaming, but she saw that it was Uncle Vernon dragging her away, while the keeper of the reptile house was repeating, "what happened to the glass?" In the main officer, the zoo director had made Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon strong tea, and his assistant had gotten biscuits for the kids, but Petunia and Vernon gave the biscuits to Piers and Dudley, who obnoxiously ate them in front of Hailey. The zoo director apologized over and over for the boa constrictor incident. Piers and Dudley proceeded to pretend to stutter and mumble over the incident as soon as they finished eating the biscuits. The zoo director gave them all year round tickets, but Hailey didn't bother saying anything about it, because she knew that someone else in Dudley's gang would get their grubby paws on hers. Thirty minutes later, they were back in the Dursley's car, with Hailey between Piers and Dudley, again. "The snake nearly bit my leg off." Dudley complained to his parents and Hailey rolled her eyes. "It nearly squeezed me to death," Piers whined. Hailey may have rolled her eyes even harder and pointed out, "Actually, it bit playfully at your heels." She suddenly took two elbows to her ribs courtesy of Dudley and Piers. Dudley used his forearm to push Hailey to Piers, who used his forearm to push her back to Dudley. They two switched tactics and decided to sandwich her instead, using their shoulders to press her against each other. "Interesting," Piers said, "Since you were the one that was talking to it." Hailey was trying to wiggle out from between them. "As if I caused the glass to disappear? It's not my fault that it disappeared like magic." She realized she used the "M" word which was forbidden in the Dursley house-hold. She glanced at her uncle who was surprisingly calm. After they dropped Piers off, who gave one last pinch to Hailey; Uncle Vernon started speaking incoherently, until they got to Number 4 Privet Drive. Hailey was rubbing her ribs when Vernon managed to say to her, "You—cupboard—now—no meals!" Aunt Petunia grabbed Hailey by her upper arm and dragged her to the cupboard. Petunia shoved Hailey in there, closed the door, and closed the slot, driving her into darkness. She sat on her bed in darkness for a few minutes, rubbing her ribs and trying to figure out why her aunt and uncle hated the word "magic". The slot opened up again and Vernon looked at her through it. He had calmed down enough to say menacingly to her, "There's no such thing as magic." He closed the slot again, putting the Potter girl in darkness again. A/N: I tried to keep it as close to canon as I can, but in future chapters, it would be different, but I hope to keep it as close to the book as I possibly can. I figured that the Dursleys would treat her a little differently since she's a girl and all, with Dudley not hitting her, but still finding ways to bully her.