that is was coming from the forest. With little time to decide, she sprinted to the edge of the forest. It was intimidating. She cautiously took her first steps into the forest. Everything seemed silent. She took out her wand. She knew one spell that her mother taught her years ago. "Lumos." The tip of her wand lit up. She held it out in front of her as a guide. Yet another blood curdling shriek came from not too far in the distance. Adelin ran towards the sound. After a couple minutes, she arrived at a clearing. She first saw Thelma and Louth sword fighting. Louth with his stolen sword and Thelma with a thick branch. She then identified Holiver. He was cowering on the ground as he screamed. Adelin then saw another figure. She looked closer and her blood turned cold. It was a pair Wampus Cats. The cat that mastered legilimency and hypnosis. They were making Thelma and Louth fight while reading Holiver's mind. She felt hopeless. She had no skills that she knew of but she knew that she had to help her fellow students. She ran out into the field. Her outburst distracted the beasts momentarily releasing their hold over the students. The one controlling the fighters went back to ignoring her. The one torturing Holiver focused his will on to her. Adelin was sucked into her memories. Everything rushed past her as if she were reliving her memories before death. It slowed upon a painful memory of her childhood. She saw her brother being taken from their home by their fellow villagers who were perfectly friendly a day before. She resisted but it was no use. She saw her mother in ripped clothing being walking over fiery embers, only barely holding back tears. She saw her mother being hanged after her trial that found her guilty of being a witch and doing the Devil's bidding. Adeline used all her strength to build a wall over her unbearable memories. There were so many, it pushed the Wampus out of her head. The Wampus persisted but she kept her wall up. She charged the beast that was controlling the other two students. She got on to its back and tried to cover its eyes. Her effort was enough. Thelma ran her elbow into Louth's stomach making him drop the sword. She took it and impaled the Wampus that attacked her in the gut. Adeline jumped off the beast while it let out a wail. It lay on the ground breathing heavily. The partner Wampus tried to make a break for it. Louth stole the sword back and through it like a javelin at the escaping beast. It hit between the shoulder blades and caused the beast to summersault into a tree. Thelma glared at Louth for stealing her glory. She kicked her prize causing it to groan. "You know, we were doing just fine. You didn't need to interfere. I would have liked to beat this Tomi boy." Thelma said gesturing to Louth. "Yeah sure." Replied Louth. "Was just trying to help… I thought they would cause one of you to kill the other…" Adelin mumbled. "Thank you, Adeline." Holiver was nearing the trio, his face streaked with tears and his eyes reddened. Adeline blushed. "We should probably get back to the castle." "It was locked earlier." Adelin supplied. "Well that was before we got to be hypnotized by giant cats." Thelma argued. The group made their way back to the entrance of the castle guided by Adelin's wand once more. Outside the house elves they met earlier were waiting for them. Darvin and Marigold scuttled to open the doors for them. They filed in the castle and to the Great hall once more. The founders sat where the students had last found them and Katana stood with her back towards her fellow students. The group lined up next to her. "That took more time than I would have hoped." Salazar mumbled. Rowena hushed him and stood up to address the students. "Congratulations young students. You have succeeded in the task we put before you. We made our choices as to who will be in each house. Katana please come forward." She said. "For outwitting the poltergeist and staying out of danger, I have chosen you as my first-year student." Katana smile smugly and approached Rowena to shake hands and take her seat at the table next to Rowena. Next Salazar stood up. "Louth Tomi. You took initiative and preserved yourself. Using Gryffindor's sword to kill the Wampus Cat was an excellent use of resources. I have chosen you as my apprentice." Somewhat surprised, Louth went to Salazar who refused a handshake, only motioning for Louth to take the seat next to him. Godric let his excitement raise himself out of his chair. "I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Thelma Iani to be my student. You showed great bravery in taking on the Fire Crabs and the Wampus cats." Thelma was nearly smothered when Godric gave her a hug instead of a handshake. Helga took her turn. "I have the honor of announcing that I will be mentoring two of you." Adeline and Holiver became relaxed. They had feared that only one of them would be able to stay at Hogwarts. "Holiver, you were no less than stellar when dealing with the Devil's Snare. A knowledge of plants and patience are qualities that cannot go unobserved. And Adeline, you displayed almost every quality that I could have wished for. You were loyal to your fellow students. You helped save almost everyone here. The kindness in your heart made you good intentions clear. You did not mean to gain anything in this competition and that makes you the most valuable player. You have true promise. I believe you, as I believe every one of you will grow to be great wizards and witches." "I can toast to that!" Godric hollered making the house elves jump.