her." Harry wondered if this was the same Ron. He gave him a confused look. "You heard right Harry go speak to Ginny, she needs you. And when you find her, tell her that I am truly sorry." With that Harry slowly left out of the office. Dean told Harry that Ginny was outside Hogwarts' front door on the damaged stone bridge. When Harry got outside it was sunset and he saw Ginny on her knees still crying when he got to her he put his hand on her shoulder Ginny suddenly got angry. "I swear whoever put their hand on me I'll..." She turned around and saw Harry and for a moment the looked at each other deep into their eyes. "Why would Ron do this? Why did he even think that you and Hermione would be together?" "It's not his fault Ginny, that horcrux made him believe that me and Hermione was together. He was really sorry for leaving us. When he saved my life, I forgave him after. Sure Hermione got mad at him but over time she forgave him." "Harry, even so, that still does not discount the fact that Ron has been so overly protective of me and still continues to be. Harry I hate being unhappy it's okay for Ron to be happy when he's got Hermione, but not when I'm with you! Why can't he see how much I love you as much as much as he loves her? It's just not fair! It's like he doesn't care about me!" At that point Ginny started wailing, it wasn't until Harry kissed her that she stopped crying they finally stood up and looked at each other. "Ginny here's how much Ron cares about you mostly: On the day he left us he told me the reason he listened to the radio was to make sure that he didn't hear any of your family's names." "Oh sure Harry, and I suppose he mentioned me last? That's my brother always putting me last at everything." "Actually Ginny, he mentioned you first." Ginny was surprised that Ron mentioned her first. For the first time in Ron's life Ginny mattered to Ron more than everybody else in his family. "Also the day in which he saved my life, he saw me and Hermione as Riddles kissing, he finally felt the same way as I did when I was forced to leave you at the wedding, I wanted to bring you with me but Remus told me to get out of there. But the one thing that has made it more clear that he truly does care about you and that he loves you more than you'll ever know, is when he told me to come to you." "Harry... In what way did that meant that he care about me." Harry looked at Ginny with much love before he continued. "When Dean, Neville, and Seamus came up to the office to ask if you was all right because they saw you crying, your mom wanted to come find you and calm you down but Ron insisted her that I come for you, and that you need me. But..." Before Harry could speak his opinion Ginny kissed him deeply and Harry wanted to kiss her back. When they broke from the kiss Ginny was looking at Harry with tears in her eyes. "Ron was right. But I didn't just need you, I want you. Harry... If only you knew how much I really want you..." "Ginny, if it's me you want, I'm not going anywhere. I'll promise to never leave you, I'll treat you the way you want to be treated as long as It makes you happy." "Harry..." "Yes?" "Thank you for everything, you meeting us at the station was a blessing to all of us." "Ginny..." "Yes?" "I love you." Harry hugged Ginny close to him when he said that. "When did you love me?" "The day I saw you and Dean kissing in the Three Broomsticks." "Well I loved you longer." "How much longer?" "The day you saved me from the Chamber of Secrets." "Well could you do me one favor for me please?" "Anything for you my love." "Please forgive Ron, he was sorry for leaving us and pretty much begged for forgiveness after Dumbledore set him straight." Ginny let out a small laugh. "My brother begged us for forgiveness?" "Well he didn't really beg, he cried in front of everybody as well as kissing Hermione in front of everybody too." "I'll tell you what Harry, I'll forgive him for you but I'm still mad at him." The Sun has caught Harry and Ginny in it's enchanted semicircle, Harry could see Ginny's hair glow with the Sun's radiance the way the Sun shined it's light on Ginny's face, was perfect for Harry's view, but what really made Harry's thought of Ginny with her blazing look when he was ready to die was when wind blew her hair to the right. Each strand of her hair was caught in the Sun's beam after observing his thought for every millisecond he looked into her eyes again before enbracing her into one very long time consuming kiss. After that kiss they saw everybody who was watching them and went back to tell everybody the rest of the story. After Dinner Harry, Hermione, and all the Weasleys used the floo to go back to the Burrow. At the Burrow, apologies were made and forgiven plans for Fred, Remus, and Tonks funerals were made as well, and everybody went to sleep. Harry slept with a smile on his face not because he came back to Ginny for good but to know that he was now rid of Voldemort. No more connections, no more nightmares and no more would he be looking over his shoulder for him. This is the beginning of the rest of my life. Thursday May 3rd, 2007 was the officially marked day of Harry's life of eternal peace.