The Potter brat, barely more than a year old, had somehow caused the Dark Lord to fall. As she leant against the cold brick of the alleyway she swore to herself she'd kill the brat, she'd revenge her love. She had hoped she'd be able to raise the Dark Lord's child in secret, to release the child's vengeance onto the world. The child would be as great as its father, she was sure of it. But she had underestimated the Order of the Phoenix and the Aurors of the Ministry. In her weakened state, heavily pregnant she had had to flee, barely evading them. She could not risk Apparating, for it could harm her unborn child. Now in the middle of a unfamiliar Muggle neighbourhood, her waters had broken, the contractions following with unnatural haste. As her body squirmed from the unpleasant sensations her mind raced. What would she do now? The Aurors were on her trail, Apparating with a newborn had too high a Splicing risk. She might be a gifted witch but she had no chance against ten of the best Aurors whilst carrying her child in her arms. There was nothing for it. Although she was disgusted at the very thought of it, there was no other option. She'd hide her child in one of the muggle households. Then she'd be free to fight her way out of this mess and return in a couple days. She hoped the child would not be too tainted by this brief encounter with filth. As she felt the baby's head come through, she bit down so hard on her lip she drew blood. She was so used to pain, she had not expected it to exhaust her like this. This was different, it was internal, splitting her from the inside out. If she could master a spell to imitate this, she'd have found a whole new way to torture people Bellatrix thought bitterly. She reached between her legs to lift the child to her. She had a baby girl. Bellatrix felt a unexpected rush of love for the child, she knew she'd do everything to protect her, and to avenge her father. MY baby, she thought, She is MINE. The baby girl had jet black hair, like her father once had, and it was already curling like Bellatrix's own. After a couple minutes staring at the beautiful girl in her arms, Bellatrix came to her senses. The baby wasn't breathing. She quickly struck the baby she was both relived to hear it cry yet quickly silenced it with her wand. She couldn't be found yet. Quickly she removed the cord and cleared up the mess caused by the birth. She quickly conjured up a thick black blanket and wrapped her child in it. Looking back at her newborn, she made a silent oath to return to her as soon as she could. Glancing around, Bellatrix saw a light in one of the houses nearby. Rushing to the door she pounded her fist on the door. The door creaked open to reveal an little old lady peering around the door. Filthy muggle, Bellatrix thought, tempted to slay this pathetic excuse for a human. She'd do it when she returned she decided, she might as well serve her purpose. The old lady's eyes widened at the scene before her. The tiny baby, clearly newborn, held by this dishevelled woman, her hair no more than a messy tangle. But more than that was the look in the woman's eyes, they were filled with fire so intense it made the old lady want to slam the door, but fear froze her to the spot. 'Take her' the raven haired woman barked, shoving the bundle towards her. The old lady blinked confused 'TAKE HER!' The raven haired woman shouted again almost dropping the child in her haste. Instinctively the old lady reach out her hands to catch the bundle. As soon as the lady had hold of her Bellatrix retreated, ignoring the retching of her heart due to the separation. She'd be back soon after all. 'Take care of her, I'll be back for her soon' She snapped before turning to run. 'Wait!' The old lady shouted after her, causing her to half turn, the old lady shifted, she couldn't just take some stranger's baby, she had to refuse, to protest.. 'What?' Spat Bellatrix, not wanting to waste a second, the sooner she dealt with the scum Aurors , the sooner she could return to her child. Her daughter. 'Erm...' the old lady faltered, sensing that this woman was too dangerous to argue with, the insanity was dancing in the raven haired woman's eyes. She quickly changed her mind 'Does she have a name?' She asked the first thing that came to her head, trying not to anger this strange woman. Bellatrix paused, not having considered this. What name could possibly honour the Dark Lord's child? It could not possibly be called 'Riddle' after all. 'Persephone' She said finally 'Persephone...Black' she added. The girl deserved a noble name, and Black was a proud pureblood family. Dating back hundreds of years. With a final glance at her beloved child she ran down the alleyway, knowing the Aurors would be on her in seconds. As she reached the end of the alleyway they surrounded her. She twirled and slashed her wand, jumping and snarling, baring her teeth like a crazied fiend, twisting in her usual art form taking them down one by one. But gifted and powerful as she was, she was far more weakened by her ordeal than she had let herself believe. Finally she faltered, and her wand was struck from her hand. Ropes entangled her, forcing her to the ground. Screaming and thrashing with rage, the remaining Aurors gathered round her, all wands outstretched. 'NOOOO!' She screamed. Her last thought before she was knocked out was that of her newborn child, not more than half a street away. Her baby was lost to her.