expression. To let him know that I am definitely joking. He laughs in slight relief, knowing that he will not be told off by me right now . "To be fair, I only have to put on a dress, sort my make-up and hair, and calm down your fiancée." Amusing because, while Ginny can get excitable, she does not do panicking. She is one of those calm people who will be strangely responsive in any situation. She wouldn't fret about marrying Harry like she wouldn't worry about pouring a drink of squash for her mother. I continue, "You guys have to figure out the bow-ties, as well as do the lads mucking around, and then be ready to take photos once you're ready in... Forty five minutes?" Harry's eyes widen slightly and even Neville turns to glance at me, a trace of worry in his expression. Even Ron sits up straighter, clearly thinking about the bow-tie. Poor Ronald. Life has never been harder. "Christ," Ron mutters. And puts the beer bottle down on the ground. A grand gesture. "Exactly," I sigh and shake my head in amusement. "I forgot how bossy you are," Ron says, laughing, his eyebrows raised at me. I make a rude hand gesture at him and giggle at his outraged expression. Even Neville looks strangely shocked. As if they didn't know I knew such a thing. I have best friends who are guys. "Hermione is probably right," Neville quietly says, scratching the back of his head and not looking at either Ron or me. Feeling the tension that resides, just a little bit. I am one-hundred-percent over Ron. But it doesn't stop the occasional moments in which we can't look at each. Not in quite the same way - as just best friends. Ron decides to challenge Neville, and by relation, me. "But we'll get sweaty." I roll my eyes at him, not looking at him just yet. "You'll get sweaty anyway," I tell him. "Plus," I laugh. It breaks the slight tension. "I have orders from the bride." Simultaneously, all three men groan. And seem to sink into themselves. I know exactly why and it definitely makes me laugh all the louder. Everybody knows that what Ginny says goes, being the ferocious Weasley that she is. And that she is the bride. The bride is always right. In this case, making Ginny Weasley some sort of super bride who will scare all guests and staff into getting her way. If her hilarious and winning personality doesn't do it first. "All right then," Harry says to the group with finality. This is punctuated by his draining the last of his beer and him standing and walking back inside the room they occupy. The three of us follow him, the other two also drinking the remaining beer. Harry looks around wonderingly. It's hard not to smirk at their confusion and then to not feel sorry for them. "Neville, where are the suits?" "Urm..." Neville utters, eyes widening in fear. "You're kidding, right?" Harry asks, his eyes panicking, but the rest of his face left in laughter. "Calm down mate, they're in here!" Ron calls, laughing heartily in relief. I don't even want to comment or ask why they are keeping their suits in the bathroom. I won't tell them that it doesn't make sense. "Blimey, I swear I just had a little heart attack." Harry sinks down onto an arm chair, hand against his chest, presumably to calm his racing heart. I can just about sympathise. I am not entirely sure that Ginny would appreciate Harry marrying her in the dirty blue t-shirt he resides in. The one he started wearing so very, very long ago. "I'm sorry Harry," Neville apologises. "No worries, Neville," Harry says, half a grin on his face. Noticing my time to go, I tell them, "See you boys later," and turn to leave. " We are men! " Ron shouts, laughing. We all laugh as I reach the door. "Yes, Ronald," I say sardonically. He grins. I close the door behind me and sigh, feeling a little drained from the whole thing, and very much hope that they are actually ready on time. Strangely, I wouldn't put it past Harry to simply forget that it's his wedding and that Ginny will not be waiting for him. It's the other way around. Thankfully, it doesn't take long for my to jog the extra two flights of stairs to my room and sort myself briefly before zipping open the huge white bag hanging from the wardrobe door. To see the dress inside. Calf length, a royal blue, and strapless. Simple. I don't think I would have preferred anything else. It takes even less time to undress and redress into the dress and get a small bag ready for heading to Ginny's room. The plain make-up, a hairbrush that will b the only one to get through my frizz, and my camera. I don't need to have done my hair or make-up, because Ginnny's sister-in-law has told us that absolutely she and her sister will be the only ones doing it. Fleur was adamant that we could not touch our faces with even a bit of foundation. As I reached Ginny's room, I swear I thought I saw a flash of something striking. A certain someone with white blonde hair disappearing around the corner. But then I entered the room, thinking that there was no chance it could have been him. Must have been Luna's father. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0 So this is what I have been working on! My new Dramione fanfiction and this one is certainly a little more lighthearted than the others I considered. I have written quite a bit for this in terms of ideas and actual chapters and scenes. I will probably start posting once I have caught up with the last chapter I have written. Which, at the moment, is chapter seven! Enjoy! And please, Review! Let me know what you thought