shouting from the twins. A vicious fight. Unusual. "Seriously, I was on a date !" George yells. "And you put Babbling Beverage in my drink ? Why?" "You're actually mad at me? This is a prank war , Georgie. What did you expect? A night off?" Fred laughs, as if George is joking in being kind of incensed right now. I cringe. "I expected you to be a decent brother. Merlin's Beard, Fred." I open the door a crack to see them both several yards apart, George moving quickly towards the door for escape. "This was important to me." Ouch. I'm not sure whether to open the door and reveal myself or let Fred get angry at the pots and pans instead. Turns out I am very good at both, letting him send a few things flying across the room, then taking my chance to halt him. "Why doesn't he get it?" he asks me. "I thought we were having fun, messing up each other's lives a little bit. For a joke, you know?" I pause, thinking. "I understand it from both sides." At which point he glares at me rather ferociously. "He likes Angelina a lot. He doesn't want to ruin it before it's even started." Fred sighs heavily and swings his body onto the sofa at the far side of the room. It makes a soft squishing noise under his weight, puffing out a single bubble of pink dust. I watch him for a moment, considering what to tell him. He's both in the wrong, and also not. It is a prank war, but maybe this is just a bit too far? Yet, this isn't exactly something George can't come back from. "I thought we were just messing about," Fred objects. "And now he's mad – and in the middle of a prank war." Prank war. Is that seriously what all of this about? Merlin's Beard, these boys are idiots. "He's going to get me back in a big way, I can feel it…" he tails off. "Why does it have to be a competition?" I ask, a little incredulous, standing up straight and folding my arms. Fred's head spins around to stare at me in confusion. It's understandable. Although we have had these moments of disagreement, I've not called him out on something quite like this. "It doesn't have to be," he protests, slowly. This is how I know he's annoyed. "But it is?" "Well, yeah!" He stands up too, red-faced. Between us, the sofa has turned into a no-mans-land. "You don't get it. You don't have siblings, Hermione." "It's always a competition with you, isn't it? I can do this, I can do that, I have this, you don't, I know this, you don't." I mimic his voice and laugh bitterly. "Fred, I'm exhausted. You're fun, I get it! You have an exciting job, I get it! You have lots of really fun siblings, I get it! I just don't get why you let it get so out of hand, and I'm in the middle of it. I didn't want to be involved; I don't want to be involved." "Hermione – " I slam the door on my way out. The next day, George slips Fred some amortentia, causing him to fall in love with someone else before Ginny shoves the antidote down his throat. I'm fairly certain she tells me it was a very confused Colin Creevey, but I'm not paying that much attention at this point. By that time, I've taken a rucksack of my essentials to my parents' house and definitely not explaining why. I don't feel like being around the twins tonight. This is just taking it too far. Four, five, six days go past. I go to work like normal, eat lunch with Harry and Ron like we have done since we were eleven. On the seventh day of my very long week, I walk into the store again, finally a brunette again, to find the boys packing away stock in separate aisles. I go to George first, a little afraid of talking to Fred after the other day. Given that I haven't spoken to him in a week, it might be awkward. You know? "Are you two done with the pranks?" I ask in a whisper. George slides the box of fizzing chocolate sweets into the spot on the third row and turns around to face me. "Yeah, we are. Sorry." He smiles half-heartedly. "He actually fixed things with Angelina for me as well – she was pretty annoyed with a few of the things I said." "That's nice," I comment, laughing quietly. "You should talk to him." Only 70% convinced, I nod. Then I say my brief goodbye to George, stepping down three aisles to get to Fred, who is sorting through a mess of cards and rubber chickens – both of the Muggle and Magical kind. I smile, remembering my father bringing home a rubber chicken once, though not for any particular reason – he just thought it was amusing. "Fred?" He spins around. Then a smile of relief breaks over his face. "Hermione. I am so sorry. Not everything is a competition, I swear," he rushes out. "No more messing with other people's lives. I get it now." "Okay," I murmur. Simply glad to see him than to be worried about the ethos of his pranking. He coughs and rolls his shoulder, laughing nervously. "I didn't mean for it to get out of hand like that. It's just, one-upping each other, you know? George and I sorted it out, and I wanted to tell you earlier - like, days ago - but Angelina told me I had to wait. Who knows, I might have pranked you as an apology - I love you," he blurts. Eyebrows raised, mouth open. He looks surprised. I feel surprised. "I love you too, Freddie!" George yells. "I love you, Fred," I murmur. "Now, let me help too." 0-0-0-0 Thanks for reading!