group before him had left behind. "Magnificent", Gellert once again captured Albus' attention. "I have to concede to you, Albus, muggles do know how to put on a great show without magic. " Albus gave an uncharacteristic snort and shook his head. "You have never seen something like this before, don't pretend you ever had any ground to argue on." "True, true", Gellert said, his voice fading when once again, the waitress in the red dress came to their table. She replaced their empty champagne glasses with full ones, while she was standing deliberately close to Gellert. When she was straightening her back again, Albus saw her slip a little matchbox into Gellert's breast pocket. Albus pursed his lips and kept his eyes on Gellert, who seemed oblivious, even when she left again. But after a minute, he didn't seem to be able anymore to keep his facial expression in check. A huge grin broke out on his face and he took the matchbox out and slid it open to reveal a little slip of paper to himself and Albus that read "Triff mich später hinter der roten Tapetentür. (Meet me later behind the red backdoor.) " "So I do not need my magical prowess to enchant women after all!" He sounded triumphant. "No indeed, it seems you do not", Albus didn't mean for his answer to come out that clipped, but he couldn't keep the irritation out of his voice. Gellert raised an eyebrow at him, his grin only getting wider. "Of all the people you need to envy Albus, she is not one of them. She's only a muggle girl. Nothing could ever come of that." Albus felt his stomach give an unpleasant lurch and he turned away sharply, so that Gellert could not see his expression. He had become incautious, his mind slowed by the strange fumes. His eyes fell on the large man directly in front of him and it took him a few seconds to realize that the man's hand reached under his own waistband and that his expression was one of self-indulgent ecstasy while he was watching Godo slithering around the stage. Gellert had followed Albus' gaze and was now looking at the man in disgust. "Let's get out of here for a moment", Gellert said, while already rising from his chair. Albus quickly followed even though he still couldn't keep the irritation off his face and they made their way to the other side of the room. After only a quick search, they found a red backdoor that led them out into another narrow alleyway. Albus realized that that must have been the red door the girl had meant in her little note and his breath hitched. Gellert shut the door behind them resolutely and then sharply turned around to look at Albus. "What is the matter with you tonight, Albus? This was your idea, yet anytime I show any enjoyment, you react as if I told you you could never have sweets again in your life!" Gellert sounded truly aggravated, but there was a calculating glint in his eye, one that Albus had seen many times and that now gave him pause. "You cannot guess?" Albus asked flatly. Gellert took out the little matchbox and opened it again, looking at the little note inside of it. "We are behind the backdoor", he stated. "Yes." "You did not want me to come here with her?" "No" Gellert raised his chin, now looking at Albus and his thin mouth curled at the sides. "Do you want to be here with me?" Albus needed to swallow three times before he could get the one word out. "Yes" Albus only got a glimpse at Gellert's wide, radiant grin before the other man charged at him, pressing their bodies together against the high brick wall behind the taller man and sealing their lips together with more force than was strictly necessary. It was elevating in a completely different way than their usual shared conversations. Yet the manner in which Gellert kissed him was so very consistent with his behavior in everything else he did, forceful and demanding, yet so very elegant that it almost felt gentle that Albus felt himself melt into the touch. Everything about their kiss reminded Albus about why he had fallen in love with the German so many years ago. Gellert put his hand on Albus neck and pulled him forward. His tongue didn't so much sweep over Albus lips, it pushed against it, demanding entry, which was happily granted. Their hands were already all over each other and Albus felt, for once, that he did not need to think a situation through and that after he had held himself in check around Gellert for years. He simply drowned in the lingering sweet taste of champagne on Gellert's lips, let himself be guided by the hands that were now feeling all around his body. He opened his eyes for a moment and his vision was shrouded in golden curls. He felt something rise up in his throat and was surprised to find that a laugh was bursting out of him, smothered by Gellert's lips that were also curled into a smile again. The blonde man drew back a little, scattering a few gentler kisses on Albus' mouth and throat, before stepping back completely. He held out his hand again for Albus to take, who for a moment, could only stare at it. "Come, let's apparate back to our hotel", Gellert said, his voice a little raspier than before. "But … our coats." "They can wait. We can get them tomorrow." Again, a laugh burst out of Albus chest. His head still felt like it was wrapped in cotton, but he could feel a realization dawning. Something had just fundamentally shifted between the two of them. He wrapped Gellert's hand in his own and before the younger wizard could make a move, Albus stepped forward and disapparated. It didn't have to be that hard.