quivering twat. "Oh, bloody Salazar, Sue..! Your pussy is fucking tight!" Blaise said as he let that telling shiver rip down his spine from the feeling of her milking him, tight and perfect, he knew he would come shortly. "I think her arse is cutting off my circulation," Theo groaned, sounding slightly pained, but that didn't keep him from pulling out as far as possible before pushing back in to the hilt. "How do you feel, love?" Blaise asked the witch, whose face was pained, whose lips were clamped shut. She could only concentrate on breathing as she stretched to fit them both. "You know we want to hear this. Tell us… Please?" Sue opened her eyes at the plea, and licked her lips before she answered, "I feel stretching… I feel full…" Both men could not help but begin moving- albeit slowly- at her words, and she kept going much to their enjoyment, "It hurts a little," Theo pulled out; Blaise pushed in, "but it feels so fucking fantastic!" Theo pushed in; Blaise pulled out, "It feels like I'm going to be split in two," Theo pulled out; Blaise pushed in, "but I'm going to love every second of it!" Leaning slightly more forward, the two Slyths held her between them more tightly with their chests, leaving their hips more freedom to move as they began to catch a natural, perfect rhythm; the two entering and exiting her simultaneously. Their moans were deep, carnal, and Susan's body began to tremble- then began to quake- and both men quickened their pace when her cries changed into desperate demands: "Harder Blaise… Nnng- fuck!" She only paused long enough to kiss Blaise, pull away, and ask, "Do you like shagging innocent Hufflepuff girls in pantries with your best mate?" "I do now," Blaise answered, gripping her ribs harder to go faster, the tip of his cock beginning to tingle at such language coming from a girl he'd never heard string four words together. "And I'm going to so a lot more often." "Hell, yes," Theo agreed, his voice strained, telling his partners he was close without having to say so. "Your arse is so bloody tight , Susie." "Your cocks are going to make me come already!" She said, the dirty talk taking her ever higher as she dug her nails into Blaise's shoulders, her knees squeezing the dark-skinned man's ribs, who moved a hand low to play with her clit, willing her to come with him as he said, "Your cunt is making me come!" "Bloody- fucking- Merlin!" Theo strained at the same time Blaise spoke. The swelling of Blaise's cock as he came applied the perfect pressure to Theo's through the thin wall that separated them, and it pulled him over the edge seconds after his friend. The feelings, the sounds, the heat of it all, tore a cry so loud from Susan's throat that the silencing charm did nothing about it; the caster of the spell so weak in his release that the barrier dropped. Susan drew blood from Blaise's shoulders, Blaise left bruises on her pale ribs, Theo left his own marks from the grip he had on her sensitive, shaking thighs as both men's hips thrusted in and out sporadically in their climax. The feeling kept the witch on her high for as long as they did so, and her moans and swears continued until she fell off of the wave she'd caught. She wanted to ride it- them- for forever, until she died happy and so fulfilled she didn't care about her fate. At that moment, she didn't care about war, or blood, or hate; she didn't care if the two used this meeting against her because she'd never felt so drained of stress and worry in her life. Nothing else mattered as she felt herself relax into Blaise's lightly bloodied shoulder, and the Slytherins leaned forward as they rested together, catching their breath. When Blaise pulled out, Susan felt her muscles twitch- almost all of the ones her body possessed- but she gave a raspy groan when Theo pulled out, and they helped her to her knees. Her stability was non-existent, and she found herself reaching for Theo's shirt to lie face down on, using the garment as a shield for her hot skin on the cold floor. Theo rested on his back to one side of her, and Blaise copied her by going down onto the floor, on his stomach, onto his own shirt, exclaiming, "Holy shite , Bones! Holy- bloody - shite!" Susan grinned into the divine smelling shirt she snuggled into. "No shite," Theo said; his breathing still heavy. "I filled your arse just now." He reached over and gave her arse a light smack before squeezing it firmly. "That's not the only thing filled. Accio wand." Blaise sat up, reaching out to catch his wand before casting a contraceptive charm on Susan. A new warmth played with the heat that already coated her uterus, telling her she needn't worry about repercussions. Well, not that one. "Can I go to bed now, or are there other locations the two of you want to corner me in?" Susan asked playfully, feeling far more comfortable around the two now. "Meet us in the greenhouses tomorrow. Same time," Theo said. "I'll be there," Susan said with no hesitation, or self-doubt, what-so-ever. Bones You are my drug My miracle You are my cure In this infected world And I can't do this without you I'm dying here without you I wanna lie with your bones forever (*) A/N: There will be more chaps set during this time frame. A 24-48 hour time frame. It wasn't going to be like that at first, but then I couldn't help it once I started having plot bunnies, and then those bunnies had bunnies... ETC. A/N: I love my BETA, I WAS BOTWP . She condones this, and that is just what I needed! :) Please review! I'll be back…