even the candle, whose flame flickered as the table moved. Ginevra gave a loud gasp at the slow strokes he made, her grip on his shoulder tightened as she braced herself at his thrusts, her head tilted back against his hand as her eyes closed. His own eyes made a slow trek from her face, down to her pale neck where he paused to set his mouth to the inviting expanse of skin; tasting her with swirls of his tongue that added a tremble to her form, pulled a whimper from her throat. Draco sucked the enticing spot long enough to leave a mark, and pulled back to finish his perusal of her body, starting with the reddening spot above her right clavicle, down her freckled chest to ample breasts that moved with his thrusts. They were topped with hardened light pink nipples, which Draco found as enticing as her neck, and he pulled her head as far back as he was able to without causing her too much discomfort, as well as moved his other hand to the tables surface- bracketing her side and keeping him upright in the process- and did to each nipple as he had to her neck; swirling his tongue around the buds with quick flicks, and sucking on them until another quake tore through her body, and a loud moan filled the room. He matched her shudder, for her noises, and her taste, and the feeling of her squeezing him as her pleasure rose caused an aching low in his bollocks, which continued as her hands slid up his shoulders and neck to twine themselves into his hair and lightly drag her nails along his scalp; her hold aiding in keeping his mouth to her nipples. "Draco." She moaned his name, and it was like angel song; his mind comparing the sound of her voice to that of what the believers would hear, if there was anything to be heard. The man did not believe in much, but, for the moment, he believed her. Something in him told him that she had been more honest with him than any other person on his side of things had ever been. The Hunter righted himself, reluctantly, but pulled her with him to kiss her again, wanting to catch any other words she would give him while also moving their position so as to quicken his pace; the sensations all collapsing on him as he felt his climax tugging for release. "Good, God, yes!" she exclaimed. "Draco. Please don't stop." Her begging did little to help his situation, but he wanted to please this woman, this witch. He was compelled to do so, and so he did as she begged, and he waited until he felt her still in harms, as he felt her dig her nails into the backs of his shoulder and neck, as she came with her eyes boring into his. And when his own release hit him, while his eyes held hers, he felt everything slip away. Everything. The last thing registering in his mind being that she had the most beautiful eyes he had ever seen… and then there was nothing. ()()(*)()() Draco's face was cold. His nose, his cheeks... His ears felt like icicles, but the rest of him was warm, covered in blankets... These were the first things that came to his awakening mind. The second thing that came to him was the sound of muted horse's hooves on a snowy, rocky path. The third, the toss and jostle of a cart. He blinked back the last light of the day showing through the snow clouds and trees above him, and as the fog of his mind cleared he was able to look around. Down to his feet, where he saw them covered in pounds of thick furs. Left and right, where he saw the low walls of the cart he lay in. He looked up and back, towards the driver, to see two hooded figures sitting on the bench, face-front in the oncoming snow storm. One figure turned around to look at him as he rolled over with a groan, still confused. He was trying to rack his brain for information as to how he'd come to be in the carriage, only for it all to come to him as the first figure pulled down their hood, the blonde once again staring into the beautiful eyes of the redheaded sorceress he'd been interrogating… he'd been shagging. He blinked at her, mind blown, shaking his head as he tried to connect the dots between his being between her legs to waking up in the cart, but nothing came. She smiled at him, then turned to the person driving the team of four horses through the snowy forest and patted their arm. They turned to her, and she nodded in Draco's direction. The driver removed their hood and turned back to look at him, and the Witch Hunter came face-to-face with none other than Harry James Potter; scar, spectacles, midnight-black hair, smile and all. "Draco Malfoy. It's a pleasure to finally meet you." The formerly dead man held a hand back and out to the blonde that recognized him from wanted posters. "I'm Harry. Harry Potter." (*) Burn Burn me alive Set me on fire And watch me die Burn me alive Watch me resurrect Right before your eyes (*) A/N: I know, right?! I am aware that this could lead to something else, but I do not foresee a sequel. Sorry. I could go so many places with this, but a part of me just wants you, the reader, to fill in your own blanks. It's so much more fun and gratifying that way. Unless you beg, then I might think about it. A/N: I have the best BETA in the world, I was BOTWP. She deals with me, and that makes her some kind of saint or something. She's also an amazing writer, so you should check her out!