cock. If anything, it was harder than before, and the newly sexually experienced Tom did not have to think on what he wanted from her; did not have to question whether or not he would give her what she needed. Why he cared what the impure witch wanted, well… he would not understand the answer until some years into their relationship. Gripping her hair tightly, he pulled her off to the side of him and pushed her face into the pillows. Holding her down her pulled her hips up and back as he went to his knees behind her, holding his cock as he entered her quickly, asking her, "Do you know what I am?" "Yes," she answered darkly. Tom liked it. "Do you know that you sicken me?" "Do you know that you sicken me ?" At her sass, Tom slapped her on the side of her ribs, making her whimper, and Tom loved it. "Good," he said mockingly. "I'm glad I sicken you, because that is only making this better for me." "Good," she ground out. Tom lowered his chest to her back, and, for good measure, asked the woman below him a question, all whilst keeping his eyes glued to Harry's. "Do you need me, Mudblood?" She did not answer initially. Once Harry said loudly, "Answer him," was she able to do to so. "Yes!" she shouted as Tom pulled her face from her pillow an inch or two. Releasing her hair and sitting up, he put his hands on her hips so as to begin moving in and out of her at a speed that pleased him, that seemed to cause her pain and pleasure, and the Slytherin Heir had to growl in appreciation at the sounds she made. Through this encounter, there were many things discussed between Lord Voldemort and the Muggle-born witch on her knees before him. … "How do you like fucking a Mudblood, Tom?" she asked, voice slightly muffled by pillows. "I love that I get to fuck you like a dog, you filthy bitch," was his answer. … … "What is my real name, Mudlood?" "Lord- Voldemort!" she finally gave in, after his asking three times, and all three times accompanied by a smack to her arse. … … "After you make me cum, I am going to kill you!" she exclaimed through gritted teeth. He could feel the promise of another release at her threat, causing him to dig deeper, bringing the witch closer to the edge as he dug his nails into the flesh at the tops of her arse, pulling her back onto him with greed. "Tom. I'm coming!" she groaned after six or so more bucks of Tom's hips, which did nothing but pull the Slytherin over the edge; evaporating all vehemence, his body turning into a wildfire of tingles and spasms of ecstasy at the feeling of her body milking his; the man groaning his second climax into the witch. As his orgasm began to face, and he was finally able to open his eyes, for they'd closed when he'd cum, and he locked eyes with the reflection of himself in the mirror above the headboard. At first, of course, he did not recognize himself. How could he? The image was no just startling, but the man was taken by abject horror at the sight. He was completely bald, and as pale and translucent as the dead. He had snake-like eyes, instead of his usual brown; the two orbs red instead. His nose was merely two slits above thin lips that smiled at back at him cruelly, fangs evident in the grin, while Tom's actual face held a look of repulsion. With a loud cry of terror and surprise, Tom tore from the bed, stumbling back until he ran into the divider wall and slid to the floor; his eyes glued to the mirror. He did not understand, could not understand, what he'd just seen. He sat staring the silver-lined rectangle above the bed, contemplating its meaning. The Gyffindors knew what he'd seen. Harry moved to this side first, slowly, and sat a foot away, and Hermione followed him a minute later on shaking legs. She sat between Tom and Harry, saying in a soft voice, "That is what you become, Tom… That is who we all feared, and what haunted our nightmares… That is what starts two Blood Wars, and that is who Harry killed… will kill." She licked her lips in nervousness when Tom turned to look at her, and added, "We want to save everyone. This includes you. And we only have a little time. You turn 18 soon, and we want you to make it past 71, as a man totally different from the one you saw in the mirror. "I will work my entire life to make it so. Harry and I both will. Please let us. Please let me try, Tom. Please." The man he'd seen in the mirror, the man he would become after sacrificing every inch of soul, would die looking like a monster. He would die, his outsides as cold and lifeless as his insides… He would die. He did not want to die, for it was his greatest fear; the one thing he would do anything to avoid. Tom took them both in, the two stripped bare of clothes, bondage, and masks. He could not say that their pleas made him feel mercy, or hope, and he could not say that it was even mercy or hope that he felt, but he did say, "OK. You can try." (*) Is it sick of me To need control of you? Is it sick to make You beg the way I do? Is it sick of me To want you crawling on your knees? Is it sick to say I want you biting down on me Are you sick like me? A/N: Thank you for reading. Please leave a review. And thank my lovely beta, I was BOTWP!