he didn't find it. He moved to the hallway and opened the cupboard door and started rifling through his trunk, muttering under his breath, "where is it?" "Potter, what are you looking for?" Harry's response was mumbled and Draco rolled his eyes. "Found it!" shouted Harry quickly coming back into the kitchen with a little black book in his hands. Draco simply raised his eyebrows at him and watched as Harry picked up something from the wall and started pressing buttons on it. "Shit, what time is it?" Harry asked holding something to his ear. Draco shrugged and said, "I don't know, it's probably midnight." "Fuck," cursed Harry but just as he was about to hang up someone picked up the other line. "Hullo?" "Hermione?" "What time is it?" Harry cursed silently and said, "I'm sorry Ma'am, I didn't realize it was so late, I'll call back in the morning." "It's alright, let me go see if Hermione's awake." "Thank you Ma'am." Harry cringed as he heard Hermione's Mum go into her room and tell her she had a phone call. "Hello?" said Hermione groggily "Hermione, I'm so sorry, I didn't realize it was this late." "Harry?" "Yeah." Harry was shocked when he heard Hermione huff, "Mum, I've got it, can you go now?" "Harry, what's wrong?" panicked Hermione. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize it was so late." "Stop apologizing, Harry, and tell me what's wrong," snapped Hermione annoyed. Harry bit his lip, looked at Draco and then replied, "It's kind of hard to explain over the phone. Can you come here?" "Now?" she shrieked. "Umm, well, no I guess you could wait until the morning," replied Harry trying to be reasonable. It was the middle of the night after all… Hermione sighed and started muttering under her breath, then asked, "How do you call for the Knight bus again?" Harry smiled widely and said, "You just hold out your wand and think about it coming to get you." "Fine, I'll see you in a bit." "Thank you Hermione!" "Yeah, yeah. I hope you have an extra bed at your house," she mumbled and then the line went dead. Harry stared at it in confusion before hanging up. "Well?" asked Draco. "She's coming," replied Harry, still somewhat unsure what Hermione was talking about. "Then why do you look so confused?" "She said something about having an extra bed?" "Do you?" "What?" "Do you have an extra bed, Potter?" replied Draco rolling his eyes. When Harry just stared at him, he huffed, "You don't expect me to sleep on the floor do you?" Harry looked surprised and Draco snorted, "You didn't even think about any of this did you?" Harry shook his head and Draco said, "Well, then, you can sleep on the floor and I'll take your bed." "Fuck you," replied Harry but there was no malice behind it. They waited what seemed like forever but in reality was only 45 minutes when they heard the unmistakable sound of the Knight Bus. Harry jumped up and went to the front door to open it and go get Hermione. He heard Draco shout, "Whipped!" He ran out and took Hermione's bag from her and thanked Stan, wondering why they were both looking at him funny. After the Knight bus left Harry began walking her towards the house when he heard, "Hermione?" Hermione turned around and was surprised to see Tonks. She heard Harry curse under his breath then felt him move very close to her, wrapping his arm around her waist. "Hi Tonks," replied Hermione, uneasy with the sudden change in Harry. "What are you doing here, Hermione, it's the middle of the night?" asked Tonks none too nicely. Before Hermione could reply Harry did, "That is none of your business, Tonks. You had your chance earlier and if I remember correctly you weren't interested." Hermione turned her head to the side to see Harry's face, surprised by what he said. She was pretty sure she was standing there with her mouth wide open and when she turned back to look at Tonks, she saw she was also in shock. Harry laughed cruelly before he tugged Hermione, his arm still around her waist and pulled her into the house with him. Once the door was closed Hermione moved away from Harry and stared at him like she'd never seen him before. She took a minute to observe him…his hair was even messier than usual; he had no shirt on, no shoes or socks on, only a pair of low riding trousers on. She could have sworn she smelled alcohol on him too. She narrowed her eyes and asked, "What the hell was that?" Harry smiled meekly and said, "Sorry, I forgot she was out there and I didn't want her to know anything." Hermione was livid, practically shrieking, she was so loud, "So you implied I was here for… for…" Harry backed away from her and raised his hands in surrender, "I'm sorry! It was the only thing I could think of!" Hermione looked at him like he was insane and asked, "Are you drunk?" Harry looked away and she stomped her foot and said, "Harry!" "I'm sorry!" replied Harry automatically. "Oh this is fantastic. My protector is scared of a know it all witch who wouldn't know how to let loose and have fun even if she was imperio'd." sneered Draco. Hermione whipped her wand out so fast and pointed it at Draco that Harry was surprised she didn't give herself whiplash. He quickly put his hand on her wand arm and said, "Hermione, it's OK." "Harry, Draco Malfoy is in your living room, and you think this is OK?" asked Hermione appalled. "Yes, its why I called you here," said Harry patiently trying to lower her wand arm. When she still didn't oblige Harry added, "I have his wand Hermione, he's not going to do anything." Sighing loudly, she lowered her wand hoping that she wouldn't regret it, "Explain."