now occupied the floor next to a limp Lily Potter who still had wet tear stains down her face. Disgusted, Sirius cast another stupefy as well as an incarcerous on the Death Eater and levitated him out into the hall, not worried about him hitting the doorframe on the way out. Looking at Lily Sirius could only think how she would have wanted to do what was best for Harry so pausing to manually close her eyelids and clean the tear tracks, Sirius stood and grabbed Harry as well as the blankets on his bed, it was a cold late Autumn night after all, and promised to something, anything, somewhere to make sure he would be raised to make his parents proud. "Pa' foo'?" Little Harry warily asked. Sirius replied thickly, "Yeah, that's me kiddo. We gotta get you out of here. I know where to go." "Mummy?" Harry pointed at Lily. It broke Sirius heart but he said, "Uh-huh, but we gotta go. Okay? Worry about Mummy later." With that, he made his way out of the nursery and down the stairs to leave the house. As he did he thought of Wormtail, the fucking traitor! How could he do that to his friends?! Sirius knew something was wrong when he wasn't at his house. Seething but knowing he had another task to take care of first, he promised to seek out the traitor to kill him himself, and enjoy it too. Two amazing people had died tonight because of Wormtail and Sirius wanted revenge. With a glance towards the room James was in, a sight he didn't want nor could see again, Sirius exited the house and quickly walked to his motorcycle, but seeing it significantly damaged continued along the street until he felt he had passed the wards and disapparated with a slight ' pop .' PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP Materialising in front of a two story suburban house outside of Bristol, Sirius hoped that the wards wouldn't be anything nasty and have an adverse reaction to Harry, he couldn't remember if he was keyed in or not. Hastily deciding to chance it, because he was planning on only dropping Harry off before hunting down the traitorous rat, he made his way from the sidewalk. Harry just looked around in wonderment, not having been outside very much in his short and sheltered life. Thankfully when they crossed the ward line nothing happened to Harry. "ANDY! I need your help! ANDY! IT'S SIRIUS!" he called out, approaching the front door he thankfully saw a light turn on. He knocked urgently to make sure the point was across and waited. A woman's voice came from the other side of the door, wary and strong, "Who's there?" "It's Sirius, Andy! And I really need your help. Now, please! I've got James and Lily's son with me!" "Oh no, is he hurt?" came a reply, Andromeda was a Healer after all, "just to make sure, what did Alphard give me the last time both of us were visiting?" Despite the circumstances Sirius couldn't help but be amused by that, "A case of spiced rum for 'a job well done spurning the family.' Now open the Merlin damned door, witch!" Andromeda Tonks opened the door to Sirius, revealing her curly dark brown hair, an aristocratic noble face along with sharp grey eyes and tall slim body wrapped in a bathrobe. In fact, if not for the robe Sirius could not have guessed she had just gotten out of bed. Proceeding to usher him inside to a living room she asked, "What happened, Sirius?" "James…" He took a shuddering and fortifying breath, "James and Lily are dead." In an instant, her wand was pointed directly at his head. Sirius thought what would cause that for a second before it clicked, "Wait Andy, wait! It was Peter! He was the Secret-Keeper. Not me! Just let me explain! Please!" "Why don't you slowly set Harry down and then sit somewhere I can keep my wand on you?" Andromeda said stoically. Sirius slowly and in such a way that Andromeda could see exactly what he was doing at all times set Harry down so he was sitting in an armchair, still wrapped in blankets, and proceeded to sit on a couch next to it with his arms spread out eagle over the top. "You need to understand that we didn't know who to trust, people dying all the time and there was obviously traitors within both Albus Dumbledore's Order and the Aurors. With You-Know-Who and his Death Eaters targeting the Potters and their hiding spots continuously being found, I convinced James and Lily that I could be a decoy. I know I can handle myself. So we used Peter as the real Secret-Keeper while anyone else, including the traitor, would come after me… Oh my god it's my fault! MY FAULT!" He sobbed, looking at Andromeda with a contorted look on his face, "I practically gave them to the Death Eaters!" Andromeda hit Sirius with a silencing spell and hissed, "We have multiple young children here. Keep it down." But Sirius just looked at her and motioned for her to cancel the spell, which she did. "I only came here to get Harry to you, I know you can look after him. Please. I'm going to go kill that filthy rat!" With that, he jumped and went to the door, blocking a Stupefying Charm from Andromeda, made his way to the sidewalk and end of the wards and was gone. Harry, who had been silent during the confrontation, just looked around and asked "Pa' foo'?" Andromeda sighed, flicked her wand at the door to close and lock it, "Yes Harry, Sirius is being a stupid, brash idiot and I need to contact the Aurors." PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP PPP