eyes. "So you really weren't worried about me, is that what you're trying to say?" "George Fabian, I don't care if you're on your sick bed, I will beat you," she threatened. This brought a smile back to his face and she could tell that it had brightened Fred's spirits, as he finally lifted his head to look at his brother again. "You alright, brother?" George asked. "Yeah," he nodded. "You?" "Right as rain." - - PAGE BREAK - - After convincing Harry that he couldn't leave that night, Hermione made her way up to Fred and George's old room. Nobody had been eager to leave the house after the news about Mad-Eye and Molly had been unwilling to let George out of her sight for a few more days, until his ear had healed properly. She had always been able to tell the difference between them, so she didn't even glance at the bandage around George's head as she slipped into the room and headed straight for Fred's bed, crawling in beside him. "Hello," he shuffled over, giving her an odd look. "What brings you here?" "Well I've been snogging this bloke that used to sleep here," she shrugged. "Thought I might find him." "Oh yeah? What's he look like?" Fred played along. "Well he's got this bright red hair, and freckles all over the place, and this little dimple in his cheek when he smiles." "Sounds like a handsome bloke," he puffed his chest out slightly. "Bet he's in good shape too." "Oh he is," Hermione nodded. "He used to play Quidditch, you see, so he's very strong. He can be a bit of a git, though. And he's rather cocky." "Alright," he poked her in the ribs. "That's quite enough of that." "Is George alright?" she asked, settling in beside him. "Yeah, Mum gave him a Dreamless Sleep potion so he'll be out till morning." "Good, he needs the rest." "Are you alright?" Fred asked, his arm snaking around her waist and pulling her closer. "Yeah," she nodded. "Tonight was... it was terrifying. Fred, I saw Him. He was right there in front of me." "I know," he held her tighter. "It just made everything so much more real, you know? We're not making plans or speculating anymore, this is it. It's happening." "Yeah," he sighed. They lay quietly for a few minutes, relishing in the safety of each other until Fred spoke. "I wish you wouldn't leave," he said quietly. "I know." "No," he turned onto his side so he was facing her. "Tonight, while we were flying, I was terrified. Not just for myself and George, but for you too. I've never felt like this about anyone, been so attached to their well-being, and you're going to leave and I won't be able to protect you." "Fred," she took his face in her hands. "I know. I feel the same way. I knowhow much this is hurting you, because it's hurting me too. But I have to go. I have to." "Yeah," he rested his forehead against hers. "I know you do. Just- just promise me..." "Anything," Hermione said earnestly. "Anything you want, love." "Promise that when all this is over, we'll be together," he pleaded. "Or at least try to be, because I know it hasn't been long, but this is... something." "Yeah," she smiled. "It's definitely something. Something really good." "So you promise?" "As long as you promise me that same," she agreed. They sealed the promise with a kiss, and Hermione didn't think there had ever been a more passionate or solemn kiss in history. Both their futures rested in that kiss and the night that followed it. It was the night that she would remember every time she got scared in the coming months. Every time she felt like there wasn't any hope, when she was ready to just give up, she would think about the promise she had made to Fred- the promise to get back to him- and his promise to have hope for the both of them. - - PAGE BREAK - - A week later, they were gone. The last moment she and Fred had spent together had been during a dance at Bill and Fleur's wedding, before the Deatheaters arrived. Fred had shoved her towards Harry, shouted at them to run, and then he was gone, and she was standing in an alley in Muggle London, desperately trying to recall every last detail about him before the image of his smile slipped through her mind. . - - PAGE BREAK - - The night that she heard his voice over the radio, she burst into tears. She had almost forgotten what it sounded like after so long apart, how petulant he could sound when he didn't get what he wanted, how you could tell just from his voice that he was smiling, and she couldn't decide whether hearing him made her blissfully happy or desperately sad. They seemed to be the same thing, mixing together in her chest and bringing with them more pain than she could have imagined. And then it had all gone wrong. She would have nightmares about that night for the rest of her life, would remember the feeling of excruciating pain as the Cruciatus curse ripped through her body over and over again, feel the knife carving into her arm and scarring her forever. But that same night, she had heard his voice, had heard him joke with his brother and friends, and remembering that made all the pain she was withstanding just a little bit easier. As terrible as that night had been, it was also what got her through the following month until she saw him again from across the Room of Requirement, their eyes locking and their feet moving of their own volition, pulling them together- if only for a few minutes. The next time she saw him, the building was falling down- and he was underneath it.