what he could mean. Her baby squirmed in her arms and the woman looked down noticing for the first time that her child was screaming her head off, but due to the silencing charm, not a sound escaped. Thank Merlin for small miracles. She rocked and bounced the baby, trying her best to calm her without words. She began to plan, something she did best in times of stress. The leader of the death eater trio still hadn't returned yet, could she take out the two waiting for his return, grab a handful of floo powder and make it to the fireplace before he came back? She doubted it, given how weak she was from giving birth only hours earlier, and the wounds slowly leaking blood down the back of her ruined nightgown from the shrapnel of the explosion. She couldn't apparate though, not with a baby, especially given her record of side-along apparition and splinching. She would have to try to run then. She risked a quick look down at her daughter, noticing that the child had finally quieted, and was nuzzling her breast, wanting to nurse, if her suckling motions were any indication. She looked back up through the crack between the doors and gripped her wand even tighter readying herself to throw whatever curses it took to keep her daughter safe, when she heard the tell-tale pop of apparition in the other room. The leader waltzed back into the room, only this time he wasn't alone. The woman froze. Standing there, next to the impeccably dresses man in the silver mask, stood a man hunched and dirty, wearing rags that had such a strong stench, she could smell the sour milk and body odor from across the room. Fenrir Greyback. The werewolf glared over at the tall man. His lips curling in disdain. "The deal is the deal. I find the girl, I get the mother."he snarled. The woman felt a chill slip down her spine at the implications of the statement. "Yes, yes, of course," The blonde man snapped, checking his watch. "Just do it quickly, she wants it done before the Dark Lord becomes aware of our absence." The woman stilled. Who was the 'She' they were talking about? Surely not Her. Not already. Her thoughts were cut short when Greyback took a deep inhale and turned towards the direction of the wardrobe with a lascivious grin on his face. "She's over there" he smirked, pointing a long yellowed nail towards their hiding place. "There's nothing there" one of the two henchmen snorted, sharing a glance with his companion. The leader stared at the corner where the woman hid, his brow furrowed, until realization dawned on his face. "You bloody fools!" he hissed, wrath in his eyes as he spun to face the two minions. "She's a damn witch, she used a notice-me-not charm! Did either of you think to cast a Revelio?" He raised his wand and before either could offer up any protests, he simply said, in a voice cold with fury "Crucio!" and the two men fell to the ground, screaming. Greyback merely looked on in amusement at them as they writhed in pain. The blonde leader tucked his wand away and strode out of the room. "I'll take care of the half-breed" he sneered, and the woman could hear the disgust in his voice at the thought of touching her husband. "You take care of the child. Kill it, and do what you wish with the mother." He left the werewolf behind, who smiled nastily in the direction of the hidden wardrobe, and took a single step towards her "Come out, come out wherever you are sweeting," he sang "I'll get rid of the troublesome little one, and then you and I can have some fun, what do you say?" The woman shrank farther back into the coats at the dark promise in his words, and held her daughter closer. Greyback sniffed the air again. "There's no use in hiding darling, I can smell your fear… and the sweet milky breath of the little one." he grinned a nasty grin "how sweet she will taste, her blood hot and wet on my throat" he growled as he stalked even closer. The woman's eyes narrowed. She would die before she gave him the chance. She prepared herself, ready to defend her daughter to the death. If she was going to die, she would drag these bastards down to hell with her. She could only pray that her husband wasn't too seriously injured to take their daughter to the safe house. Tears dripped down as she kissed her daughter's peaceful face. How the infant had managed to fall back asleep with all of the yelling and commotion, she didn't know. Greyback was close now, the smell of death permeated the air around him, making her gag. She braced herself, angling the arm that held her daughter away from the door, and aiming her wand as best as she could in the cramped space. She was ready to face death. Suddenly, she felt a sharp burning pain from the chain that she always wore around her neck. She hissed and risked a glance down, to the time turner that hung there. She froze at the sight that greeted her. Just that morning, the top half of the hourglass had been full, but now… now there was only one small grain of sand left, and the device was glowing faintly. Her eyes widened in pain and astonishment as the burning sensation became more intense. And as she watched, the last grain of sand fell, the glow grew rapidly until a blinding white light filled the room. Just as Greyback flung open the doors, the time turner grew unbearably hot, and the woman felt a familiar tugging sensation, and the feeling that she was falling forward very, very quickly. AN: So what did you guys think? Please leave a review! and have a beautiful day lovelies!