kitchen, doing his best not to disturb the portrait of Mrs. Black, he could only imagine what she would say about him having inherited the House of Black. Entering through the kitchen door he saw Lupin seated at the table with a cup of tea and a book looking quite content. "Hello, Harry, your things are upstairs, Dumbledore sent them right over. Supper will be in little over an hour. If you're hungry now there are some biscuits in the tin by the sink." "Thanks. I think I'd like to go lie down a bit." "Go right ahead. I put your things in...in Sirius' room, but if you'd like to move a different one you're more than welcome. I'm currently in the one I used this past year but I'm more than willing to move if you'd like; it is your house after all." "No, no need. I'll see what I end up doing." Harry walked up the stairs and found then door labeled Sirius at the topmost floor . He opened the door and stepped into his godfather's childhood room. The walls were covered with posters, many of them of muggle women in bikinis and motorcycles, the large bed and carved headboard with a scarlet quilt thrown over the top. Harry's trunk was in the corner of the room along with Hedwig's cage, the snowy owl hooting madly at his appearance. Harry closed his eyes trying to hold back the tears that came with the memories of this room's previous inhabitant. He threw himself atop of the bed and buried his face in the pillows to muffle his sobs. As soon as Harry was upstairs, Lupin reached into his pocket and pulled out the letter from Sirius. He was hesitant to read it and needed to all the same. He needed to see the all too perfect script of his best friend one more time, needed to have one last correspondence with the man he had loved as a brother. Slowly, with hands slightly shaking, he opened the letter. Moony, If you're reading this I guess I finally got what I had coming for me. I'm leaving Harry everything, as you already know, but I want you to take my place as godfather and watch over him. Promise me you'll do a better job than I did and actually be there for him, not that it will be hard being as I spent most of my time as godfather in prison and a fugitive. Teach him, protect him, help him win this damn war that has taken so much from him, be everything he needs. You're the last of his family, Remus, love him for us all. Love him for Prongs, for Lily, and for me; we can love him from afar, but only you can do it up close. Hold him, he's yours now. -Padfoot. Harry walked down the stairs of Grimmauld place Saturday morning. Once he reached the main level he heard voices coming from the kitchen. Upon entering he saw Lupin standing at the stove frying eggs and talking to a pink haired witch sitting on the counter dangling her feet in the air. "Tonks!" "Wotcher, Harry!" "When did you get here?" "A little bit ago, I thought I'd check up on you guys and see how you're doin'." "Oh, fine I guess. I'm glad to be out of the Dursleys' for the summer." "Oh, I bet, I can't imagine what it must be like living with those muggles. I told you before, they're too clean." "It's a bit overbearing to say the least." "Eggs are ready, there's toast on the counter, Harry, if you'll grab it please." Lupin said removing the pan from the stove. They all sat down at the table that seemed rather empty with only three, and enjoyed their breakfast. "Actually, Harry, I was telling Remus that I'm pretty sure that my flat is being watched." Tonks said half way through the meal. "What‽ By whom?" "I'm not entirely sure; I think the ministry." "Why?" "The new Minister, Harry, is trying to show that they are fighting Voldemort, but he wants to be the one who does it, not the Order." Lupin said. "So, he's spying on members to find out who and where they are?" "Precisely. They Order of the Phoenix is a secret society for multiple reasons, Harry, the obvious one is so Death Eaters are unaware of our workings and members, but that also applies to the ministry." "The last thing we need is the Ministry of Magic hindering us any more than they already do, and if Scrimigour has his way we would be shut down entirely." Tonks added. "That's ridiculous, the Order isn't the problem; Voldemort is, and I doubt that the ministry has even the slightest idea how to stop him." "Yes, Harry, that is why the Order stays as secret as possible, because we are able to accomplish more without the ministry dictating our every step." "So, what are you going to do about your flat?" Harry asked turning to Tonks. "Well I was actually going to ask if I could stay here for a bit." "Yeah of course. There's plenty of room." "Thanks, Harry, Remus said it would be fine, but being as you're a big boy now, and the owner of the house, I thought you should have the final say." Tonks said with a wink. Harry blushed. The way she said, "big boy" as if he was a child was highly embarrassing. He knew she was teasing him, not belittling him, so he didn't get angry but he was immensely grateful that they only other person in the room to hear it was Lupin. Ye Ol' Author's Note: Salutations my dear readers, Rest assured, I have not abandoned you. My long silence has been due to focusing on my original works. This is my first time dealing with a semi-AU so I hope you enjoy it. Please leave you reviews. -A.R. Templar