know what you saw-" Harry opened his mouth, ready to argue how real his vision had been and that he wasn't making it up, but Sirius was quick to counter him, speaking before he could. "I don't doubt you saw something, not even for a second. But I promise you it wasn't me." Sirius was staring, unblinkingly into Harry's eyes, and Harry didn't miss the sincerity in his gaze. He was telling the truth. "As if old Voldemort could catch me." Sirius smirked arrogantly, ending the gaze in a moment, his serious demeanour vanishing with it as he attempted to lighten the mood. Harry however, was still somewhat lost in his confusion and only managed a half, non-committed smile while Lupin merely rolled his eyes at his friend's poor attempt at humour. "Don't even try it, you!" Moody's gruff voice broke through the three of them, and they all turned to look. Moody was stood over a groaning Death Eater, it looked as though he had been attempting an escape when a swift kick from Moody left him winded. A quick silent spell from the experienced ex-Auror and the Death Eater was shackled. In fact, looking about the room, the majority of those who had been too injured to flee were now shackled, Lucius Malfoy included, much too Harry's delight. Moody was moving quickly between the Death Eaters, ensure they were all restrained. Harry noted with some puzzlement that Mad-Eye seemed to be giving all the Death Eaters a hard kick, even those who were unconscious. One in particular he gave a good three kicks too. Sirius laughed as he did and threw an arm over Harry's shoulder, obviously enjoying that particular Death Eater getting a booting. "One more for luck, Mad-Eye." Sirius shouted when it seemed Moody was about to move on from the thoroughly abused Death Eater. Moody grunted but complied none-the-less. "That's Rookwood. Sneaky bastard took out Tonks with a nasty little hex." Sirius explained, the smile on his face negating the seriousness of what he just said. "Ehhh… she'll be alright though. Right?" Harry asked, remembering the screech Tonks had made when she was hit with the hex. "Oh yeah, of course. A nasty hex but nothing more than fifth year level. Think your dad did worse to me." Sirius clarified, smiling wickedly at his godson. Harry looked away from Sirius, feeling for some reason uncomfortable. Sirius was trying too hard. The jokes, the mention of his dad and the arm over his shoulder. None of it could fully hide the light of concern in Sirius' eyes when he looked at Harry. Lupin's worry was even more evident, the werewolf obviously not concerned with facades. Harry felt slightly sick, was Voldemort really able to put false memories in his mind? What did it mean if he could? Nothing good that's for sure. He had a sudden thought of Voldemort in his mind, watching him and creating whole false realities that Harry would never even be able to tell were fake. Harry felt real, true fear at Voldemort doing just that, at controlling him… possessing him. Harry's mind was in turmoil. He saw a shadow at the top of the room moving, curling as it reached out for him, he gasped aloud and took a physical step back. "Everything alright, Harry?" Lupin asked, Harry's eyes snapped to him and he saw the older man share a quick look with Sirius. Harry just nodded silently, steadfast ignoring Sirius. He wasn't sure he could deal with the fake smile again, and honestly, he was 100% certain he would completely break down on the spot if he saw the level of concern on Lupin's face reflected on his godfathers. Although, saying that, Harry couldn't help but think that The Boy Who Lived ending up in the secure ward of St. Mungo's would be the obvious end to the year. It wasn't like most people weren't expecting it anyway. Steeling himself, Harry looked back to the shadows. If Voldemort really was in his head, the least Harry could do was face him head on. Catching sight of the fluttering shadow again, Harry frowned as he finally realised what it was he was actually looking at. It wasn't some nightmarish vision sent by the dark lord to deceive and murder him. It was a robe. Harry's heart seemed to freeze as he felt a whole different panic settle in him. It was a robe, a Death Eater robe. "Watch out!" Harry's scream barely had time to register with the rooms occupants before Bellatrix Lestrange launched herself from the shadows, her robes and skin charred and bloody and her voice shrill as she sent a curse careering towards Harry, Lupin and Sirius. "CONFRINGO!" Harry had never seen a curse travel so fast, it was as though Bellatrix had been stood a mere five feet away and not on the other side of the cavernous room. It all happened in a split second, and although Harry saw Lupin attempt to raise his wand in defence, there was surely no way anyone could react in time. It was therefore a testament to Sirius' skills that he managed to move so fast. Just as Harry had, he must have realised that attempting a defence would prove fruitless and instead, acting on pure instinct, Sirius threw himself over Harry. In a millisecond, Harry's world went dark and heavy, he never even got to see whether or not Lupin got his wand up in time, although considering what followed swiftly, Harry assumed not. Smothered by his godfather's robes, Harry was unable to even draw a breath before the curse hit with a devastating explosion that sent the two of them flying off their feet. Through a haze, Harry desperately clutched Sirius' now limp body. They still seemed to be falling and Harry was rapidly losing a battle against the encroaching darkness. As darkness took him, Harry felt a strong hand grasp his arm. Then he knew no more.