walked into Harry's room, or what was left of it, he saw that there was no little boy there. Where could he have gone? "Harry!?" Hagrid called, the anxiousness clearly showing in his voice. "Where could 'e be? Can't have gone too far, now. He's too little. Come on, Harry. T'is just me, Hagrid. Dear Merlin, I'll have'ta call Prefessor Dumbledore to help me look. There's no way I'll fit inta all the wee spaces in here, ta look fer 'im." Hagrid pulled a piece of parchment, a quill, an inkpot and his wand from his big coat, scribbled a few words on the parchment, folded it up and tapped it with his wand. It disappeared with a slight crack. A few minutes later, a loud crack could be heard coming from downstairs, then hurried steps coming up the stairs. "Hagrid? Where are you?" Dumbledore called. "Up here, in Harry's room, Prefessor Dumbledore, sir!" As Dumbledore appeared in the door, he paled when he looked inside the room and found only Hagrid there. "Have you searched the house for him, Hagrid?" Dumbledore asked. "Nay, Prefessor Dumbledore, sir. I can't fit everywhere ta look. Bu' he ain't in here. Can't find 'im anywhere in his room." Dumbledore pulled out his wand, pointed it out into the room, and cast the Homenum Revelio charm. Nothing came of it, however. There were no humans on the premises. He started pacing around in the room, clearly in distress. The twinkle that could usually be seen in his eyes was almost gone, and he looked extremely worried. After a while, he said, "Hagrid, I'm afraid there is nothing more you can do here tonight. I must search for Harry, I'm afraid he's been taken. I will need to go talk to his aunt and uncle tomorrow, tell them what has happened to James and Lily, and let them know that they'll get custody of Harry soon. I just hope Sirius doesn't do anything bad to the boy." "Sirius, Prefessor?!" "Yes, Hagrid, Sirius," Dumbledore said, looking directly into Hagrid's eyes. "He must have taken Harry. He was James's and Lily's Secret Keeper, after all and no one else could have betrayed them, Hagrid. He must have thought it was safe after our talk, and he must have taken Harry, even though I told him not to go here. I just hope we find Harry soon, and unharmed." Hagrid could hardly believe his own ears. Dumbledore was blaming Sirius for this! But… then again, he had been there with them when Dumbledore talked to them, and knew that Hagrid was going to go get Harry… "A'righ', Prefessor Dumbledore, sir. I'll do tha'. Might just as well go home to Fang, then. He's prob'ly gettin' lonely all alone in me house," Hagrid said sadly as he walked out through the door and down the stairs. Dumbledore stayed behind for a while, deciding to look for anything that could give him a clue as to what had happened here earlier in the night. The only thing he could see, though, was the fact that there were not many toys or clothes for Harry in his room, but otherwise, nothing seemed amiss. What shall I do now? Dumbledore thought. My plan has completely fallen apart. Sure, James and Lily are out of the way, but Sirius is still a problem. And he's got the boy, which is not good. I need him to grow up unloved and lonely so I can swoop in and rescue him later, it won't do that he grows up loved to pieces and spoiled with Sirius. Then he'll never do what I want him to do. And it was such a perfect plan, too. Convince them to make Peter Secret Keeper, so he'd go tell Voldemort. Get Sirius to go after Peter, then throw him in Azkaban. Place Harry with his aunt and uncle to grow up unloved and abused so I could rescue him later. Have Harry look up to me enough to want to do everything I tell him, while still trusting me completely, so he will sacrifice himself for all of us when it comes time to kill Voldemort. Because of how fickle Tom can be, he will come after Harry when he comes back. This will also ensure I get to kill Voldemort when he does come back, and I'll be looked upon as their undisputed leader, for killing two of the most feared Dark Lords in history. But now that won't happen, unless I somehow get Harry back. Hmm… Well, first thing first, go back to Hogwarts and sleep on it, to get a few ideas, hopefully. I'll go talk to Remus tomorrow, to tell him not to trust Sirius, then go talk to the Dursleys so they can be prepared to take in Harry when I find him. Well, there was nothing more he could do here tonight. He might as well just go back to Hogwarts. He had to think of a new plan, after all. Had to find Sirius and Harry before it was too late. With that, he walked out of the room, down the stairs, and apparated to the gates at Hogwarts. Author's Note : Hi people! This is my first story that I've posted on here, so please read and review it. If there are any spelling or grammar mistakes, I apologize, but I have no beta on this story, so this is just read through by myself, and since I'm note a native English speaker, there might be a few. I will try to post a chapter of the story every week, but I can make no promises that it'll work, since I'm in college and have a lot of studies to get through every week. Anyway, thanks for reading, hope I get some reviews, and I'd love some constructive critisism if anyone has something to say. I'll try to make the changes if it's something that makes sense for the story. A7XfoREVer2017!