her parents for a little while after graduating Hogwarts. Then again she'd always expected to graduate on time. It also helped that she felt less alone in the big city. Her book list was sitting on the coffee table in front of her, and she just so happened to constantly be looking over at it. She needed to go get those books, and she knew that it was probably best if she did it sooner rather than later. There was just a part of her that was just…not into doing anything. It'd been like this ever since she'd gotten here. Actually it had started before—just after the supposed "Final Battle." It turns out that it wasn't so final. Harry was thankfully still alive—thanks to Sirius showing up. That was surreal, and odd. If she hadn't seen him for her herself, and interrogated him she wouldn't have believed him. The Veil is apparently a gateway to another dimension where you have to complete a series of tasks before you are given the option to go forward to the next world or go back. Sirius' task just so happened to last for about two years. Hermione didn't know what exactly he had to do; just that Sirius only had the one task. All he was willing to tell her was that he had been given an assignment that required him to find a solution to Voldemort. She had been so excited, thinking that he had brought them their salvation. He had started shaking his head when she had said something about how he was going to save everyone. "No love, it doesn't work like that." "What do you mean? You just said that you had to create a solution against Vold—you know who!" Hermione said correcting herself so as not to incur the taboo. She had watched as his eyes softened towards her, and yet she hadn't realized what he was trying to tell her so she just plowed onward. "Since you're back that means that you succeeded." Her eyes were shinning as she spoke. "Hermione!" She paused mid step and turned to look at him. Her smile was beginning to faltering. "Love, there is no plan." She stared at him. Hermione took a step back and her jaw slowly started to lower. "I don't understand," her voice had a quiver to it. Sirius stepped closer to her and cupped her chin. She stared at him, confused and scared. "My task isn't going to work the way you think it is going to," He said. Her eyes slid shut as he pulled her closer to him. The evening had been so wonderful before this, and she had ruined it by managing to get too excited. That had always been her problem; blowing tings way out of proportion and now she had managed to bugger up the evening. Her eyes went back to his, and she started to really look at him. He was still extremely attractive even as an older man. Even as she stared at him, she didn't notice that he was slowly leaning in closer to her. In fact she didn't realize it until he was kissing her. It was chaste, but delightful. Hermione let her eyes close as his hand caressed the side of her neck. "What was that for?" Her voice was light and fluttery. "For being a joy and allowing me to spend time with you." His answer made her smile softly at him. "I'm going to say goodnight, Sirius." "Goodnight Hermione." That was the last thing that she remembered before waking up. The bedroom that she woke up in was not the one she was in when going to sleep. It was considerably plainer, although still decorated lovely. Sitting up was a terrible idea, she found herself moaning with her head in her hands. "You're awake then are you?" Hermione rolled off the bed quicker than lightening, reaching for her wand. She didn't find it, and her mind was frantic. She was thankful that her instincts kicked in and she hid against the edge of the bed. "What do you want?" "Calm down dear, we're just interested in you getting better." The voice was familiar. She couldn't quite place it and she wasn't willing to look over the bed. She was scanning the room for anything that she could find to use as a weapon as she focused on the "we're." Plural so there were at least two people. "What's wrong with me?" "Concussion, a few other small injuries." Hermione gingerly reached up and touched her head. She winced at the slight tenderness that her fingers brushed again. "What's your name?" The brunette asked. "Minerva," the lady answered. Hermione found herself flipping around to peak over the bed. She saw a middle aged woman with orange-red hair looking at her concerned. "Last name," Hermione whispered. "McGonagall," she answered. Hermione stared at the woman, trying to figure out just what was going on. Minerva McGonagall was dead. Yet this woman who looked eerily enough like her was standing in front of her claiming to be her. She had some changes—her hair wasn't grey, she wasn't wearing glasses and she seemed to be more relaxed. It was her, but at the same time it wasn't. Hermione stared at her trying to figure out what was different. It hit her like a ton of bricks. She was younger . "What year is it?" Author's Note:: Hey guys. I'm sure a lot of you are surprised by the new format for Lacero Contrafaco. I've been unable to update it all summer because of writer's block and working two jobs. I decided to change it up in order to help jog my desire to continue writing it. It seems to have helped quite a bit considering I've been ignoring all the hmwk I should be doing instead. Please let me know your thoughts. The majority of the content is still the same, although there are some things that have changed. Aalis