Order will place protective wards over them immediately." said Professor McGonagall. "Mundungus will keep a close watch on them." "Me?" retorted Mundungus. "Why me?" "You said yourself that you wanted nothing to do with fighting." said Professor McGonagall in a clipped tone. "Well, here's your chance to be useful." "Fine." retorted Mundungus. "Eugene, did your niece live with her parents?" asked Sirius. Mr Granger simply nodded. "Come along with me, Dung." growled Moody. "We'll go place the wards up on their home and you can keep a close eye on them. Remember, constant vigilance." Mundungus grumbled something inaudible as he disappeared with Moody. Harry noted that Hermione had remained rigid and still, though her grip upon his arm had not slackened. "I say that we begin coming up with a plan to isolate and take down by any means necessary all Death Eaters." said Harry, looking at Professor McGonagall. "Let's make these bastards regret the side they chose." "I agree, Mr Potter." said Professor McGonagall. "We need to make sure that we avoid exposure to Death Eaters and Ministry Aurors alike. Madam Bones will not be forgiving if we are caught taking the fight into our own hands again." "Remember Harry," stressed Ron "Ginny is probably under the Imperious Curse. We need to make sure if they're wearing masks that it's not her." "Of course." said Harry. "Ginny is like family to me and us." Harry pointed to members of the Alliance. "They could also be blackmailing her as well to do their bidding." "Ginny is like family to us as well, Ron." said Shacklebolt, the rest of the Order nodding in agreement. "Bill," said Harry, pressing on; the moment giving him a strange internal strength "arrange for a meeting with Charlie. Let's get this over with as fast as possible. We need to know who our allies are." Bill nodded in agreement. "Kingsley, please go inform the Ministry of what has happened." said Professor McGonagall. "When you are done, please return immediately." Kingsley Shacklebolt nodded before rising from his chair and leaving the room for the fireplace beyond. "Okay then, how do we go about spreading some pain to Voldemort?" asked Harry, pulling away from Hermione for the first time and turning to face the room at large. The Order and the Alliance began sharing ideas on how to deal with the Death Eaters and the Aurors. Mr and Mrs Granger retired upstairs to one of the many bedrooms. Mr Granger wanted to stay with Hermione and help formulate a plan; however Mrs Granger needed him more. It was the wee morning hours before the meeting adjourned, a somewhat solid plan agreed upon. Harry felt tired and weary upon reaching the room he deemed his for the night. The day felt like it had been a nightmare, the details of which were starting to blur. He did not even care to call for Dobby to bring him some pajamas. He knew that the tiny elf was probably tending to Kreacher still or sleeping. Either way, Harry was content to sleep in his clothes; though he did not know whether to expect a visit from Hermione. She was simply walking through the motions as he helped her to her room, adjacent to her parents' room. The day had left her a total shell of her normal self. She was very active in the planning portion of the meeting, though he knew that she was functioning on sheer adrenaline. The last thing Harry remembered before succumbing to sleep was someone with bushy hair climbing into bed with him; pulling him close to her. "They didn't choose me to be the leader of the Order." said Moody, taking a sip of fire whiskey while sitting at a small table in an ocean cottage. "Whom did they chose?" "Minerva McGonagall." replied Moody. "Logical choice. Probably does not sit well with most to have someone with your 'vigilance' as the leader." "They're going to take the fight to Voldemort." said Moody. "Potter is flexing his wandless magical muscles and that pigeon gives him clout. Granger's cousin's death did not help the situation any." "Fawkes has chosen a strong wizard as his familiar. If Lord Voldemort wants a fight, Harry will not slouch from it. You must keep him safe." "It's going to be all out war before its over." said Moody. "You still think that it was a good idea to fake your death?" "Absolutely." replied Albus Dumbledore. "As an old friend once told me, it's much easier to drive from the back seat than it is to steer." "Another bloody Muggle reference." snorted Moody. "Granger is still leaving your 'murder' a mystery – even to Potter, I believe." "As she should." said Dumbledore. "Would do no good for her to tell him or anyone else." "Have any plans for a resurrection?" asked Moody, draining his glass. "Not unless I absolutely have to." replied Dumbledore. "I can assume then that my funeral went smoothly?" "As silk." replied Moody. "No one even attempted to inspect your corpse. By now I'm sure that the Polyjuice potion has worn off, so hopefully none of your desperate admirers decide to visit and open the tomb." "Whom did you pick to be my corpse?" asked Dumbledore. "Some Muggle homeless man." replied Moody. "Sad as it may be, alas all for the 'Greater Good'" sighed Dumbledore, toasting one of his old friends. A/N: Hope you enjoyed the first chapter of The Darkness Rising! I know that the ending of this chapter will draw mixed feelings from many, but please understand that this was part of my plot from the very beginning. How Dumbledore went into hiding was the only question I had until I started writing the final three chapters of The Falling. I would like to give special thanks to Woahitsalice for being beta. She did, as always, a wonderful job. Please review and let me know what you think. Your reviews are the best part of writing FF!