"Are you telling them I'm in Ravenclaw?" Rose asked, frowning as she remembered her father's joke on the platform that morning. "Of course," Vic replied, glancing sideways at her younger cousin. "Why wouldn't I?" "I don't know," Rose said, still looking at the letter and shrugging. "You don't—you don't think they'll mind, do you?" "Now why would they mind?" Vic asked, her eyebrows knitting together. She looked at Rose sternly for a moment before pushing the parchment aside and moving over so Rose could squeeze into the armchair with her. "They're not going to be angry with you for not being in Gryffindor," Vic said quietly, putting an arm around Rose's shoulder. "Mum said it doesn't matter," Rose muttered, leaning her head on her cousin's shoulder. "But they wanted—" "Rosie, your parents want you to make friends and do well in classes and not get expelled," Vic said, squeezing her arm. "And I'll bet they're going to be thrilled you're in Ravenclaw." "Are you sure?" Rose whispered, looking up so Victoire could see the very real fear in the lines of her face. "What if they're not?" "They will be," Vic said firmly, hugging Rose tightly. "You're silly for thinking anything different." Rose leaned back in the chair without responding. She listened to the fire crackle in front of her and watched the silvery moon escape from behind a cloud. "Did you need me for something or did you just get scared?" Vic asked quietly, tilting her head to the side. "Oh!" Rose started. She had, in fact, come down to ask for her cousin's help. "Can you enlarge my books for me?" she asked. Vic chuckled and moved to get out of the chair. "Yes, I can enlarge your books for you." She rolled up the unfinished letter and closed her ink pot before following Rose up to the dormitory. Allie and Maren had already gotten into bed, and were now whispering to each other excitedly. Lucy sat on top of her covers still, examining the first page of their transfiguration textbook. Rose bent down and undid her trunk, taking out the thirteen tiny books her mother had packed away in a corner. She smiled as she set them on her bed, each one like an old friend. She had brought all her Chronicles of Narnia books and Charlotte's Web , along with other childhood favorites that her mother had read to her growing up. "Are these all of them?" Vic asked, smirking at the tiny pile of novels on Rose's bed. "Yes," Rose answered, blushing slightly. She hoped it wasn't too strange to bring a pile of muggle novels to Hogwarts. Her father had tried to convince her to only bring one or two. But Rose couldn't stand the thought of not having her favorite books with her at school. And in the end her mother had been on her side, coming up with the idea of shrinking the books so they would fit in her trunk. Vic waved her wand over the pile and muttered an incantation and in an instant Rose's books sat on the bed in their original sizes. "Oh, thank you!" she cried, seizing the volumes and stacking them carefully beside her trunk. "Do you want to read one together?" Vic asked, sitting on the corner of the bed. "It might make it feel more like home, and I remember the first night can be a bit overwhelming." Rose grinned and grabbed the Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe , her very favorite book, from the pile and flopped onto her bed next to Vic. "Luce, are you reading with us?" she called to her cousin. Lucy glanced over and, when she saw Vic holding the book, sat up and bounded over to Rose's bed. The three Weasley girls snuggled back against the pillows, Rose's head on Vic's shoulder, and Lucy's legs curled against Rose's side. Victoire cleared her throat and opened the book to the first page, reading in her clear, calm voice, "Once there were four children whose names were Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy. This story is about something that happened to them—" Rose relaxed as she listened to her cousin read the first chapter. When Vic finished, Lucy was bleary eyed and Rose wore a small, content smile. Vic stood up and replaced the book on the pile next to Rose's trunk before leaning over and kissing each girl on the forehead. "You two get some sleep now," she murmured. "Tomorrow's going to be a long day." "Goodnight, Vic," Rose called. "Goodnight, Rosie," Vic said as she quietly opened the door and left the room. Minutes later Rose lay on her side, burrowed in her thick, lavender-scented blankets. A few feet away, she could hear Lucy's soft whistling as she slept. Or maybe that was the wind Dom had mentioned earlier. Rose didn't know. Either way, it was a very peaceful sound. She listened to the whistling, whether it was her cousin or the wind, and drifted off to sleep with the dark blue sheets wrapped tightly around her shoulders, and a small, content smile on her face. Edited 12/01/2016 Hello, dear reader, and welcome to Rose of Ravenclaw Tower! Thank you for reading the first chapter of Rose's journey; I hope you liked it. Throughout this story my hope is that you and I together will get to see her and the rest of the gang grow and mature through the years. Feedback of any kind is always appreciated and I hope to hear from you, but if you prefer to just read the story and get on with your day, I understand. I just want you to interact with the story in whichever way is most comfortable and rewarding for you. If you'd like to contact me outside of FFN, you can find me on tumblr at lilyprongspotter. Feel free to send me any comments/questions/concerns. I would love to hear from you! And now on with the story.