could not recall the password, and she was unwilling to budge. He could remember every species of dragon, but not the password to his room! Reluctantly, Remus settled himself against the door, trying to find some comfort in the fact that he wouldn't have to get dressed tomorrow morning. He was barely asleep when a voice hissed at him, "Merlin's Beard, Lupin, what are you doing?" The Fat Lady had been woken up again by Sirius and she looked very upset about it. Remus raised groggy eyes to look at the boy, whose eyes gleamed in the darkness, and mumbled, "Forgot the password." Sirius hauled him away upstairs, and the only satisfaction Remus took from the ordeal was being able to wink at a flustered Fat Lady as he left. In their room, he found that the boys were all still awake and still engaged in the pillow fight. They turned expectantly as Sirius and Remus entered. "Well," James raised an eyebrow at Sirius, having already understood that he wouldn't get an in-depth answer from Remus, "Where was he?" Sirius rolled his eyes as though Remus had caused him a major inconvenience. "The stupid git was asleep against the door because he forgot the password and The Fat Lady wouldn't let him in - it's blast-ended skrewt, by the way." Remus nodded in thanks and emptied his gifts into his suitcase in an attempt to be ignored again, but they watched him curiously for an explanation. Sirius plucked the map from the pile and opened it; "You were out there drawing a map of the school for yourself?" he sneered disbelievingly. "Merlin, I didn't think you could get any geekier, but you've surpassed all my expectations." "I didn't draw it, I found it in that there room!" Remus spoke more words than he had ever felt the need to speak to them in his defensiveness. Sirius found Remus Lupin on the map and broke into more laughter. "He's drawn himself on it, guys. He sat in the corridor alone and drew all this time. And just when we thought you were out there partying." The other boys leaned in to look at the parchment, their faces pinched as they readied themselves to laugh. They did just that, leaving Remus flushed and annoyed. Annoyance, it seemed, produced more words than necessary from Remus; "I didn't draw it - I found it in this secret room with me already on it like that." But of course, the room wasn't shown on the map and they began chanting the very original name "Loony Lupin!" even though it had already been used all through his primary school days and really was getting tiring. "C'mon then," Remus dared, thrown by their same obnoxious laughter. "C'mon and I'll show you it - unless you're scared of detentions." James and Sirius threw themselves at the door at the prospect of the challenge, followed by Peter. Remus and Frank, who stayed behind, exchanged calm smiles before Remus crept after the three boys, who were surprisingly good at keeping quiet when they wanted to. Remus led them back to the Room of Requirement, feeling like a proffesor with his imature class on a school trip. When he arrived at the place where Remus Lupin was marked on the map, he looked around expectantly but to no avail. The door was gone. "I - It was here!" Remus spluttered, horrified. "It's a magic castle, it must have a charm over it!" "Sure, Loony." muttered Peter, and Remus was surprised to find that his eyes were sharper than the other's. But it disappeared and Peter melted into the background again, popping out only to repeat James' words and be pushed back by Sirius. "You nutter!" Sirius laughed. He found insanity hilarious, apparently. "You absolute freak. You reckon he's a nutter, James? A proper one?" "I'd say Dumbledore only let him into Hogwarts because they're both mad," commented James. Sirius and Peter supplied some approving laughter and together they mocked Loony Lupin. Remus ignored them and puzzled over the missing door. "I'm glad your reason for being out of bed late is so amusing." To this day, Remus remembers that as the scariest moment of his life. Not realising he was a lyncanthrope, not his first full moon, not the Battle of Hogwarts. His first detention from Minerva McGonogall. A tall, severe-looking woman stepped into a puddle of moonlight and looked at them primly. Her emerald green bathrobe did nothing to soften her appearance. The disapproving lines in her face looked as if they had been carved there by a knife. "First years, yes? What a shame. 10 points each from Gryffindor, and detention in my office, this time next week. Everyone to bed, now." Her eyes found Remus's and he froze as if he'd been turned to rock. "Mr Lupin, would you accompany me to my office, so I can be sure that you won't get lost on your way to detention?" They all stammered out individual "Yes, Proffessor"s and went their separate ways. Remus felt the other boys watching him as he stumbled after the stern teacher. She was already talking when he caught up with her. "Now, Mr Lupin, I know the full moon is two weeks from now, isn't that right? Dumbledore and I have taken the liberty of finding a place for you, I'm sure your parents have told you, during that period. We'll take a brisk walk to it now, so you can find it for yourself when the time comes." "How will I find your office next week, then, Proffesor?" McGonagall smiled a smile that told him a lot about her; she was kind and fair and she knew everything worth knowing. It was the kind of smile Remus had hoped to produce, to show people that he was nice, really. Just quiet. "I think you'll find, Mr Lupin, that Hogwarts has a way of showing itself to you." They stalked into the night together.