fieldwork. Personally never believed that women's role is barefoot in the kitchen pregnant. Especially not Lilly her cooking may be good but she's not for the kitchen. Back to business are you willing to come to see Meya in the hospital?" "Tomorrow first thing in the morning. Can you stay away from the drinks today?" Peter smiled, "I will see you tomorrow morning and till then allow me to count down the time till I manage to actually leave this prison time." "Worm tail please… can you not?" Peter looked away, "That was what I was to you always was it not? Worm tail – that worming tail which happened to be tugging along pointless little part. Never worth a thought not as a friend nor as a suspicion nor a person. Thank you for breakfast Lilly. I will see you tomorrow Ginny. If you have the paper work ready." "I will that's the first work I will be doing today." Ginny left, going to the office of her elder brother suppressed at the sight. "Hay Ron you were right yours is bigger than dad's." It was a beautiful room set with a tall window attached to a balcony. Layered against another wall was a layered cupboard. Locked! Against it a table set with exercise mat, a punching bag and an all in one home gym equipment. Opposite was a small wall with a fire place combined with a kitchenette. An over head shelf holding all the basics which were needed to cook up or heat up a decent meal. Ron looked around proud of himself and what he had managed to bag up. "Yeah it is mum flipped she was lost as to how a trainee got into this spot." Ginny laughed but the answer came from a gruff voice from outside, "How could I not? The kid has become a workaholic and a great assert since he joined." Ron blushed at the compliment while Ginny said, "Hello Minister." "Still Kingsly to you kid." Smiled the dark skinned wizard getting away from the door frame his brightly designed robes dragging alongside, "I am glad to see you Ginny everything is already under Ron's control so you need not worry about approvals." "Thanks Kingsly and I may need another help, Peter Pitter wig mentioned I could get clearance for him to visit Meya Riddle in the hospital." "You're a war hero kid of Corse you can. Ron already has related paper work. That kid really had an insight, when I found that stack in my office thought she was nuts but each was clearly worked through and thought about." Ron and Ginny looked surprised, "What stack?" "A stack of letters sinario based. Its not really important, Harry's meeting starts?" Ginny nodded, "In a minute, Ron parchment and quill please. You are going to sit through this?" "I better. Come on actually the sitting area for such work is in that balcony." Ginny raised her eyebrow as they walked into the place. The balcony wall was set with a couch with a terrace garden occupying the rest of the space. "This looks more like an extended house than an office. Were do you sleep again Ron?" "Right here this couch is extendable, that corner there has a shower and a bathroom. The mirror cupboard holds everything I need – toothbrush, paste and all. Clothes are in the overhead cupboard and behind the full-length mirror. What more am I going to need?" "What more are you going to need?" Ginny smiled proud of her brother's development. Ron and Ginny sat on one corner of the leather couch set against the wall with Kingsly on the other. Ginny instantly connected onto Harry who was in the Potters cabin. Even though it was small had been set with a kitchen were one could make anything. The walls were decorated with the very stone used to build it and the fire was warm enough. The armchairs and the diwan's though were old as the coffee table – clearly making it an inheritance. Despite all of it, the maintenance was excellent. Something the guest instantly appreciated, "What a wonderful little cabin thank you for having me over." "I would be more welcoming if I knew your name Mr.?" the man with bright golden hair and tanned skin stood there. His body was lean but built up with work but covered up under the brown muggles suet and a pale green shirt left more open. A silver belt around his waist, his wrists had expensive silver watches again muggles. The only thing pointing towards his magical side was his wand. "Richmond Malloy. Lucius Malloy's half brother his father ended up grabbing my muggles mother once. She had been captured as a love-slave for years then when I came along she died. I was how do I say this gently, dumped into this orphanage." "Hello Mr. Malloy what can I get you? Tea? Coffee? Fierwisky?" Harry continued without takeing his eyes of the man, "Aah a warm tea would be wonderful there is this lady I met few years ago. Made the best tea in the entire village of Hosmade love to go there as much as possible. Never had a nice warm cup like hers, we used to enjoy them when ever possible…" "Milk? But?" Harry asked pouring out the tea, "Yes please, are they chocolate chip cookies? Ohh I miss them, thank you would love a whole plateful." Harry allowed a smile to slip but continued coldly, "What did you want to meet me about Mr. Malloy? Yes you can have that plateful and I can pack you some to take home too if you want. Just tell me what you want!" "Its Richi – you need not be formal and I hate Richmond, who names their child after some kind of city?" Harry began to get irritated, "All right Rich what was this little meeting about?" "Stolen children, untraceable magical children used for terrible purposes."