in on the basics. "The door on the left is Ms Grangers bedroom and each of you have your own private bathroom attached to your rooms. The door in the middle will grant you access into all four house common rooms if your presence is required. You simply tap the door with your wand and state which common room you would like", she relied, as she started to make her way out of the main door, she concluded her speech directing us to arrange a perfect meeting with all the prefects by the end of the week to reiterate the rules and any problems that may be in need of addressing. It was still early so we both decided that we'd invite a few of our friends through, mainly Ginny, Harry, Neville and Ron from Gryffindor tower, Luna from Ravenclaw tower, and Blaise, Pansy and Theodore from Slytherin common room. It was a merry bunch who spent an hour going over what went on while they were all apart for the summer. As the laughter died down from Blaise's tales of his failed attempt and summer romance, Harry and Ron decided it was time to shoe the group the list they had compiled during the summer. "Alright, listen up. Ron and I have decided that we should make this year count. We should enjoy our final year here and have a bit of fun", stated Harry as he produced the list of pranks from his back pocket and passed it around for everyone to read. "This is brilliant, Harry", cried Ginny as she passed the list on to Hermione. "I don't think this is such a good idea guys. I know you want to have a little fun after everything but", started Hermione before she was cut off by Ron. "Don't be such a prude, Mione and have some fun for once," whined Ron. "Come on Mione it could be fun!" said Harry, backing Ron up as usual and set the others off aswell. Draco in his profound wisdom decided it was the perfect time to butt in and get the uptight witch to live a little after the previous year they had battling old Voldie Shorts. "I have a better idea," said Draco, "seeing as Hermione never gets in trouble and all the professors would instantly forgive her for any grievances caused, I think, no in fact, I double-wizard-dog-dare, you, Hermione Granger to complete this prank list during our final year here at Hogwarts". "Or is Ms Goody-Two-Shoes to scared?" challenged Draco. Oh he was playing dirty. Everyone's eyes were on me, as they waited with bated breath for my response to Draco's teasing. ' It would be worth it just to see their faces if I accepted the challenge, but there was one thing my friends had forgot about, I was never one to back down from a challenge. It was my final year and I was determined to go out with a bang. I do this stupid challenge and I'll still have perfect scores' , Hermione thought as she turned to Draco with an evil grin. "I accept your dare, Draco and I'll raise you one better. Professor Snape will be the main focus of these pranks", said Hermione as she smirked at her shocked friends. The gasps of shock and disbelieve on her friend's faces was worth it. "Oh Mione, you've gone bonkers", Ron said as he continued to stare at me as if he'd never seen me before. The rest of the room dissolved into laughter at Ron ludicrous statement. It was shortly after this that we said our goodnights and sent them back to their own common rooms via the nifty door. "I can't believe you're really going to prank Snape", said Draco as he closed the door after Luna's departure back into her common room. "It's only a bit of fun Draco, besides you're the one who dared me to do it, and if this all blows up in my face, I'm throwing you under the proverbial bus along with me", I said and laughed at the horror struck look on his face. "Mione, why would you throw… Never mind", said Draco as we headed for our rooms. As I closed and warded the room it slowly dawned on me just what I had agreed to. To prank Professor Snape. To prank THE Professor Snape. Oh merlin! I continued to get ready for bed, Crooks was already settle on one of my pillows as I pulled back the covers and settled in for the night. Just as I was about to drift off a startling thought crept into my head. I was so screwed. Snape was this year's Head's advisor. I'm dead! Authors Note: Ok so let me start of by saying how sorry I am that I left this story for so long. I never meant to, but real life drama got in the way. So let me address a few things. Firstly, I decided to edit this story from the start due to several gaps in plot, storyline, comprehension, and overall childishness in which it was written. Secondly, it is the same story but edited so it flows without leaving major gaps and fluffed out more as I've mature and see the glaringly obvious flaws. Thirdly, I need to know if you wish for me to post this from the beginning and delete all the old chapters or if you would prefer for me to delete chapters as I edited and fix them. I'm posting this as the next chapter for the time being until I get some feedback on what the readers prefer. Let me know and I'll go from there. I'll be continuing on the editing of each chapter until I have it fix and back on track. Thank you for all the positive comments and feedback I've received over the years. I'm back and ready to fix and continue on this hilarious adventure with you. Please Review. xxx