a point to actively avoid analyzing herself too much, and just let it slide. There were more important things at hand, including the guilty and slightly fearful look on her friend's face. "Remus," she began somberly. The werewolf immediately tensed up, and she sighed sadly, "Remus, I am so sorry. I figured it out in second year, I didn't mean to, and I promise I never told anyone. I know it's your secret to tell, I am so sorry for prying." Lily looked ashamedly at her hands, hoping that her friend could find it in his heart to forgive her. She kept in mind however, the old Muggle saying: curiosity killed the cat. "Wait, are you being serious?" Remus scoffed in what Lily assumed was an indignant tone, "Second year?" "I know, I understand if you are angry, but I promise I never told¾" Lily was suddenly enveloped in a strong hug. Remus released her, still holding her by the shoulders and staring at her in wonder. "You knew the whole time? And never treated me any differently? Lily, you do realize how completely rare that is for me, right?" "Well, you never held me acting like a totally insane woman around your friends against me so we're even," Lily blurted out, immediately embarrassed, but incredibly pleased when it made her friend bark with laughter. "You know, James always told me you knew. He said you figured it out in sixth year. We always figured he was just making it up because¾" Remus stopped himself, clearing his throat awkwardly before continuing, "Anyways, sorry for keeping it from you all those years. The usual reaction I get is horror and disgust, not hugs, so…" He trailed off for a moment, before a wide grin spread across his face as he realized, "You were the one who always made sure I had chocolate in my bag, weren't you?" She grinned back, although her cheeks were pink with embarrassment, "It was the only way I could take care of you, I am a compulsive mother-er." "Well, I appreciate it," he said, "Although, I think Sirius ended up eating most of it, the bugger." "Speaking of buggers, where is the rest of your little gang?" "We're not a gang," Sirius said smoothly as he swept into the room, "We are a secret gentleman's society." "I don't think anyone could call you gentlemen and keep a straight face," Lily snorted, smiling at the new arrival. He was dressed impeccably, as always, in a set of plush black robes over a tailored pinstriped suit. It never ceased to amaze her how far wizarding society was behind the Muggle world, particularly when it came to fashion. It seemed like they were just now reaching the 1920's. "You wound me, Evans," Sirius replied, solemnly placing a hand over his heart. Peter had trailed in next, wearing blown robes over a brown tweed suit. The combination was almost overwhelmingly plain. His jolly grin at the sight of his friends made up for it, though; for all his faults, Peter had a truly lovely smile. "I think your ego can handle a few blows," Lily said, rolling her eyes at the dark-haired man, "In fact, it's so formidable I think I could spend three hours a day doing nothing but insult you, and you wouldn't even flinch." She turned to the other man next, smiling kindly, "Hello Peter, it's nice to see you again." "You too, Evans," the young wizard replied, smiling abashedly. He was not used to being so directly singled out amongst the overpowering personalities of his friends. James Potter was the last of the Marauders to enter the room. He looked just as he did during the school days: shirt carelessly rumpled and unbuttoned at the top, with his tie hanging loose around his neck, jet black hair mussed as if he had just flown through a hurricane, and somehow, despite being a wizard his entire life, he had once again forgotten his robes. "Padfoot, you'll never guess who I ran into earlier today at the Order meeting. Emmeline Vance, remember her? Great arse, even better snog¾" he stopped mid-sentence when he saw Lily seated primly in the center of his friends, as if holding court. "Fuck. I mean¾shit. I just¾Merlin." The messy-haired boy turned around and walked right out of the room. "What the bloody hell was that?" Lily asked the three other wizards, who had expressions varying from amusement to absolute horror. "Nothing," Peter and Remus said at the same time that Sirius stated, "I'll deal with it," and strode out of the room. The three remaining sat in awkward silence, pretending not to hear the (loud) conversation trailing in from the hallway. "Shit, Padfoot, what the hell is she doing here?" "Don't look at me, Prongs, I just got here too! Using context clues, though, I would say that she is one of the Order members on duty here." "But she's supposed to be in Inverness!" "We are in Inverness!" "I thought this was Galway?" "Definitely Inverness." "Shit." "You should really watch your language, Prongs, you are becoming a right foul-mouth." This was delivered with a heavy dose of sarcasm. "Also, your geography could use some work." "Shut up, Pads. I never would have agreed to bring Moony here if I had known she was going to be here. You know I can never keep my head on straight when I'm around her." "Well, it's too late now, so grow some bollocks and get back in there." There was a sigh, and the two wizards re-entered the room. Lily was horrified to realize that tears had slowly been growing in her eyes as she listened to this encounter. Before anyone could utter a word, she stood up abruptly, saying coldly, "Happy to see you too, Potter. I'll be back in an hour to check on you, Remus." With her back ramrod straight, she strode out of the room before a single tear could fall.