true master and ought not to be passed on or gifted from the original owner, because it will lose power and skill. Those witches and wizards best suited to ash wands are not lightly swayed from their beliefs or purposes. However, the brash or over-confident witch or wizard, who often insists on trying wands of this prestigious wood, will be disappointed by its effects. The ideal owner may be stubborn, and will certainly be courageous, but never crass or arrogant. Thestral tail hair: Thestral tail hair is a powerful but tricky substance that can only be mastered by a witch or wizard capable of facing death. Severus was disconcerted as both the wood and the core of his wand were suited to a brave wizard, something he was sure he was not. No way he would ever be a hero, it was far too hazardous for one's health and really, in all the books he had read, the hero was not as brave as he was foolish and reckless, something Severus was definitely not. Still, he liked the idea of his wand being loyal to him. He read that a dimension of 12 inch was a little more than the norm and sometimes said to be a sign of power but experts disagreed on this. The flexible part was easy as Severus had learned to adapt himself to his parents' mood in order to avoid any disagreement. He was not sure about the solid part it was not mentioned in the book. All in all, while Severus wand did not look like the best match for him, the wandmaker words remained unexplained. He fretted several days because of it then shove it away to focus on potions and Lily. About two weeks before the beginning of school, an owl delivered him an unsigned letter. Your wand can make you one of the best as it can let you be one of the more pathetic if you do not master it. It is a wand to be grown into as it takes time to bond with the ash. The ash chose you because of your potential but the bond between you will need time to grow and you to nurture it. Once the bond is strong, your control of your power should be perfect. It is a wand to be grown into as you will need to prove your valour to tame the Thestral tail hair. It will be hard but remember valour can come in many forms. However, I am sad to say you will need to face death to be able to fully master it. Then it will allow you to use your maximal power. It might never come to be but you have great potential. PS: Once the ash has bounded with you, it will be near impossible for you to choose another wand without this one being broken. If you shall be the one to break it, you will never be able to use another wand without getting only feeble results. The letter left Severus even more bereft. He had no intention of facing an Avada Kedavra any time soon so mastering the full powers of his wand looked highly improbable. He also had no idea how to nurture a bond with it but knew there was no way Mother would buy him another wand. After a sleepless night, Severus decided he could do nothing about it and to wait and see. Today was the day. Severus and Lily were in a train compartment, waving to her family and his mother. The summer had flown by between Lily and his mother. His mother had stopped their daily lessons, stating that he was more than ready enough for Hogwarts and would learn all he wanted there. She only kept on their lessons on the Dark Arts as she wanted to make sure the school would not undo all her efforts. They still brew potions, his mother following her recipes, Severus using or creating his owns. It still left lots of time for Severus to spend with Lily and with the knowledge of Hogwarts approaching, it was easily the best time of his life ever. Sighing happily, Severus sat himself comfortably in his seat against Lily. They had made plans this summer. They would go to Ravenclaw because it was the only house they both felt comfortable with. According to his mother and Hogwarts: a history- Lily's copy, the teacher accompanying her had insisted she bought one -, your house was your family in Hogwarts. There was Hufflepuff, for the friendly and the hard workers. They both agreed that if Severus was a hard worker, he was not the friendliest people so they ruled it out. Gryffindor was for the brave and if Lily would definitely fit in there with her fierce temper and her love for risks, Severus was a more cautious kind and really did not see the point of defending people you did not know. Slytherin was for the ambitious and the cunning, it was a perfect fit for Severus but Lily, who wore her feelings on her face, was a no go. So, it had to be Ravenclaw, they both loved knowledge and they would be together so it was the perfect house. His daydream was interrupted by the arrival of two loud boys. The one with glasses asked Lily if they could seat with such a beautiful lady, the other one adding they would gladly save her from the boy who sat next to her with such an ugly face. Severus scowled but had no time for a well-deserved cutting retort as Lily threw them out while unleashing her temper on them. Remarking how rude they were, hoping that not all wizards were like them, and assuring Severus he was not ugly - that was nice of Lily to say even if Severus had heard it often enough in his parents mouths to know otherwise- they settled back to talk and wait for Hogwarts.