appeared in her doorway, his gold hair carelessly messy over his forehead and his face covered in scruff from not yet shaving. He was shirtless, exposing his well toned torso with the gold blonde trail of hair that lead from his chest and disappeared at the waistband of his navy pyjama pants. His reading glasses were perched on his nose and a book was in his hand, his thumb marking his place. Hermione sat up and stretched her arms above her head before lowering them to her sides, causing a strap of her white cotton sleeping gown to fall off her shoulder. "Good morning," she said with a soft smile. Austin returned the smile and walked towards her, sitting at the side of the bed and resting his book open on the page where he was on the sheets. "I look forward to waking up to you every morning," he murmured gently, placing a soft kiss on her lips. "Tea?" Hermione nodded and smiled, watching Austin lift himself off the bed and exit the room once more. She took the time to slide out of bed and slip her feet into the woollen slipper booties her mother had knitted for her as a Christmas gift. She then went to stand in front of the vanity mirror across the bed and examine herself. Her wild mess of wavy brown hair was flattened on one side from sleeping, leading her to brush through her hair to relax all of it as well as she could. Her sleeping gown stopped at mid-thigh, exposing her goosebump-scattered legs and causing her to shiver at the sight. She grabbed the silk robe off a hook on the back of the door and slid it around herself before heading out of the bedroom. Immediately outside of the bedroom of Austin's luxurious home was an enormous library. Every wall was covered in shelves and shelves of books that reached the ceiling, which stood approximately twenty feet high. Plus black sofas and chairs were carefully places around the room with mahogany tables placed beside or around them. A large fireplace stood in the centre of one wall of shelves, which already held a roaring flame in it. Making her way out of the library, Hermione found herself at the top of the tall, winding staircase that lead down to the main foyer of the home. She stepped down the stairs and turned left to go into the kitchen, which had been newly renovated a few months ago and was very modern yet still old-fashioned to match the atmosphere of the rest of the home. Austin was standing by the stove and had put on a shirt to avoid his chest being splattered by bacon grease. A cup of tea was placed on the island in the centre of the kitchen, steaming billowing out of it, and the Daily Prophet lay next to it. "Scrambled eggs okay?" Austin asked without turning, grabbing a plate from the cupboards. "Of course." Hermione slid onto a stool by the island and glanced at the cover of the Daily Prophet. Since Voldemort had been defeated during their final year at Hogwarts, very few crimes and mishaps had occurred in the wizarding world, which caused the front pages of the newspapers to be rather dull. However, the election of a new Minister of Magic was currently taking place after the previous Minister had had an affair with a girl who was not of age, which had caused a lot of stir and the loss of his job. Therefore, the front page of the Daily Prophet this morning had a picture of three men, all in their forties, beaming at the camera and waving with their arms around each other. The headline read: "One Week Left: Who Will Overrule?" "I have a meeting with my publisher this afternoon," Austin said. He appeared at Hermione's side with a plate of scrambled eggs, two pieces of toast, and some pieces of bacon. He placed it in front of her and gave her a gentle kiss on the top of her head. "You're welcome to come along, although you can't come in the conference room." "I was thinking of looking at flower arrangements," Hermione said, gazing down at the enormous diamond ring that rested on her ring finger. "I was going to call up Ginny and ask her to join me." Austin had proposed to Hermione two months ago, and very little had been done for their wedding yet, which was scheduled to take place four months from now. Hermione had only just declared Ginny Weasley to be her maid of honour, followed by Luna Lovegood, Fleur Delacour and her mother as bridesmaids. Austin had yet to pick his best man and groomsmen, which frustrated Hermione, and the guest list had not even been made up. "That sounds wonderful. Perhaps Ginny and Harry would like to join us for dinner tonight," Austin suggested, returning on the opposite side of the island with his own plate of food. Austin had found an interest in Harry lately after the two had competed in a friendly game of Quidditch at The Burrow with Ron and George and had been the two most competitive, constantly trying to out-fly one another. "I'll see," Hermione said with a soft smile. Suddenly, she was momentarily blinded by a vision in her head: her standing at the altar in a long, glamorous white dress that trailed down the stairs, her hands in the pale hands of another man, white blonde hair slicked back, steely grey eyes glossy with pure love for her. Suddenly, a flash of black, a scream, guests running to the exit and the white tent collapsing over them. "Are you alright?" Austin asked, placing a hand on hers. Hermione blinked and forced a weak smile. "I'm still tired, that's all." She removed her hand from his to lift her tea mug to her lips, her eyes glassy and tearing up. Pull yourself together .