getting bored of our conversation, raising his wand to my face. "It does bother me actually. I would rather you know me first before you try. But perhaps, we'll have the opportunity to know each other better." I tell him, giving the best rueful smile that I could muster before I create a strong barrier around the both of us. When the barrier was set, the death eaters could not reach us. They tried though, despite themselves. And they fail relentlessly, regardless of their scathing spells and clanging fists. Although I am confident with my casting of the barrier, I know that the barrier will not last long, I have to move quickly. I didn't give him a chance to comment on my poor choice of making a barrier. I acted as swiftly as possible, grabbing his hand without caring of the possible repercussions and then taking out the time turner that is tied to my neck. Without batting an eye, I strike the time turner to the ground. The time turner breaks into a million pieces, enveloping us into a hurricane of what I consider to be the most fine and beautiful sand that I have ever seen. And as we spiral into oblivion, I could not help but glance at his way and look at his abnormal disfigured face, wanting to know his reaction. Voldemort however, was not as angry as I thought he would be. He looked more shocked than anything else, perturbed at his unforeseen situation. And then, for some odd reason, he looks at peace after realizing that I have condemned him to a fate he is yet to learn. I thought he would show anger, or at least despair. But I saw his face express what can only be relief. Before both of us were consumed by the sand of the time turner, before the place in which we existed become nothing but hollow darkness, Voldemort looked relieved. He looked at peace. Why does he look relieved despite knowing that his plans have been ruined? That, perhaps, would be the only question I will never have the answer to. I assume that for a little while, for one final moment in his life, Tom Riddle might have regained his humanity, finding his consciousness. Or maybe, he feels relieved because everything ends and nothing will be left, completely satisfied to be part of what may be oblivion of everything that life stands for. Either way, both of us will soon succumb to the infinite nothingness of time and space. Never to look back to the past, present, and the future. At least, not in this lifetime. " Miss Granger, I am aware that you have a time turner." The Headmaster stated. " How…how do you know that?" I asked, curious as to how he got that information. " I have my ways." He answered, not wanting to divulge his sources. " If I admit to having such a device..are you going to take it from me?" " No, of course not. If you have a time turner, it is yours to keep. Although knowing how you were able to get such a rare apparatus would be quite a story." " Yes..it is quite a story." I replied, hinting that I do have a time turner but not keen to sharing the story. " Well, if you don't mind, I would like to add more to the story." " Sure..of course." I answered, unsure where this conversation is leading. " As you know, Miss Granger, Time turners are prohibited. Do you know why?" " Time travel can cause catastrophic consequences." " Correct. Travelling to the past, whether measured by a second or a decade, can lead to unwanted circumstances." There was nothing wrong with what he had stated, except for something I may have misheard. " But professor, Time turners cannot return a decade. They were only designed to go back in hours or weeks, not years." I questioned, scrunching my brows and crossing my forehead. " You were misinformed, my dear. You see, time turners do not bring us back in time. Time turners are merely vessels that enable us to go to particular areas at the span of time." " Time turners are..merely vessels?" I repeated his words, trying to conceptualize his description. " Yes, and from such vessels reside something that can alter more than past events. Within a Time Turner is an opportunity to change the past in decades, and even centuries." Perplexed yet not lost to his explanation, I remain quiet in order for him to further explain. " What do you think of time? Does time have weaknesses?" Dumbledore asked. I think about his question. Usually I already have answers. But for now, like the many conversations I had with the Headmaster, I need to pause and really think. " Although time affects us, it does not define an individual or an event. The limitation of time is that it defines an end of it all, but does not comprehend the means of an end." " Therefore, what do you think would be infinite and more powerful than time?" Infinite and more powerful than time..well now, that was a question that required far more than my usual moment of rumination. I smirked, amused that I am given quite a challenge. " Sir, may I have a moment with my thoughts? It won't take too long." I replied. " All the time in the world, Miss Granger." The Headmaster replied with a smile. Les Hiboux Sous les ifs noirs qui les abritent Les hiboux se tiennent rangés Ainsi que des dieux étrangers Dardant leur oeil rouge. Ils méditent. Sans remuer ils se tiendront Jusqu'à l'heure mélancolique Où, poussant le soleil oblique, Les ténèbres s'établiront. Leur attitude au sage enseigne Qu'il faut en ce monde qu'il craigne Le tumulte et le mouvement; L'homme ivre d'une ombre qui passe Porte toujours le châtiment D'avoir voulu changer de place. — Charles Baudelaire ( /poem/156)