excited when the final student sat down at their table and the food appeared on the tables. The Hogwarts feast was what she had dreamed about all summer. Even the large feasts provided by the Black's house elf Libby could not compare to the delicious assortment of food that had appeared in front of her. " I love Hogwarts food" Alicia said biting into a piece of pheasant that was on the plate in front of her. " You have no idea how much I've missed it" Andromeda said, agreeing with her. " You know," Emma said casting a glance down the hall at the Gryffindor table, " It's a shame your cousin Sirius is such a blood traitor, because he is quite attractive" Andromeda let her glance follow Emma's to the Gryffindor table, where her cousin Sirius was engaged in a very animated conversation with his friends. She noticed he was talking quite happily with James Potter, who had been his friend for the last four years at Hogwarts. Andromeda turned back to Emma and shrugged. She really didn't mind Sirius, in fact she found him to be quite was by far his favorite cousin, something he told her often. But she rarely mentioned this. The girls continued to eat until the tables cleared themselves and everyone looked up to see Professor Dumbledore at the podium in the front of the hall. " Welcome Students, to another wonderful year at Hogwarts!" he said proudly, gesturing to all of the student's in the hall. Andromeda liked Dumbledore a lot, despite what her family thought. His appointment to Headmaster at Hogwarts was one that some people in Slytherin were wary about, but she believed he was the perfect person for the job. " I know you are all quite tired and ready to get a good night's sleep for your first night of classes, but before you do, I would just like to let you all know that we have quite a lot planned for you this year and look forward to another year of magic ahead of us" Everyone in the hall clapped happily. Dumbledore smiled broadly at the collection of student's before him, " So off to bed you go! I'll see you tomorrow for your lessons" Everyone got up from their house tables quickly, ready to go back to their dormitories. Andromeda, Alicia, and Emma walked out of the Great Hall and towards the common room. Andromeda could do this walk with her eyes closed. As they approached the dungeons, the air got slightly colder. It was familiar to her. As they approached the stone wall, the group of seventh years in front of them said the password loudly. It was Pureblood. Andromeda shook her head, it was always something like that. In all of her time at Hogwarts she had only known the Slytherin Common Room to have about ten passwords that it regularly changed. The stone wall moved and allowed all of the student's access to their common room. It has been three months since Andromeda was here and it welcomed her like an old friend. The Slytherin common room was a dimly lit chamber underneath the black lake. It's location caused it to be chilly all of the time, but she felt it was comforting. All of her memories were twinged with green from the light that seemed to give the whole room a permanently emerald glow. The three girls walked down the girl's hall to the sixth room and entered their new dormitory. They were always the same. They Slytherin dormitories were large spacious rooms with five four poster beds and a fireplace in the middle. " Have the beds gotten bigger?" Alicia asked jumping onto her bed. " I doubt it" Andromeda said picking the bed she always did. It was the one on the farthest wall. Emma sat down on her bed too, looking happy to be back in the dormitory. " So, Andy" Alicia said turning to her friend happily, " I couldn't help but notice that Rabastan has taken quite a liking to you, huh?" Andromeda blushed deeply. She had thought she had noticed this too, but hadn't wanted to comment on it in case she had been wrong. Nothing would make her happier then ending up with Rabastan. She allowed herself to smile slightly, " I hope so" Alicia grinned, " I would too if it were me," From her bed, Emma giggled and wiggled her eyebrows suggestively, " Andromeda loves Rabastan" Andromeda rolled her eyes and threw a pillow at her. The door to the dormitory opened and all three girl's heads shot up, as their fellow Slytherin dorm mates entered the room. Lucia Relvers and Eudora Marx walked into the room quietly and sat down on the two beds closest to the door. Alicia rolled her eyes as they did, and exchanged a quick look with Emma. Lucia and Eudora had been their dorm mates since first year, but neither Emma nor Alicia liked them. They were both half-bloods and the other girls were always raised to believe that this meant they were not as worthy to be in Slytherin as they were. " I'm going to bed" Alicia said quickly, and Andromeda watched as her blonde head disappeared behind the bed curtains she pulled closed. Emma had done the same, so Andromeda followed their lead. She thought she saw Lucia throw her a furtive glance before she closed the bed curtains. Andromeda had trouble falling asleep that night. She kept having the same nightmare. Her mother and father were staring down at her and telling her that she had failed all of her N.E.W.T.s. She tried to remind herself that this wasn't going to happen, but there was no use. It terrified her just the same. Disappointing her parents in any way was Andromeda's biggest fear. So far she never had, but she didn't know that soon, she would be the biggest disappointment in Black History.