had been hated here, maybe even neglected, not unlike Severus himself had been. This changed everything. He suddenly felt sorry for the way he had treated the boy in his class. No one deserved to grow up in a loveless house. Severus made his way up the stairs. There were four doors in this hall. Opening the first door revealed a typical muggle bathroom. The second door wouldn't budge, it was locked. Severus left that one for now and investigated the third and fourth bedrooms. Not finding Potter there, he came back to the locked bedroom. He suddenly had a foreboding feeling, something was wrong. Pulling his wand from inside his robes, he cast a charm on the doorknob and the door sprung open. The room was pitch black inside. As Severus's eyes adjusted to the darkness, a scene of horror greeted him. There was blood everywhere, on the doorknob, splattered on the walls, smeared across the floorboards. And in the middle of the floor lay a small body, in a pool of blood. Severus was at Potter's side in a flash, turning the boy over to look into his face. "Potter!" The boy made no move, "Harry!" Severus tried again. The boy's eyes flickered weakly. "Help.." his voice was so weak. Severus did not know the extent of his injuries but from the looks of it, his leg was broken. And there was a lot of blood, he may be seconds from death. Who could've done this? And then Severus knew. A cold fury washed over Severus the likes of which he had never known before. Even though he often acted like he despised the boy, no child deserved this treatment, especially from his supposed family. It came too close to Severus's own childhood. He had often had to pay for his magical nature with his muggle father's belt, as he tried to beat it out of him daily. His mother could do nothing to stop the abuse of his father when he was in one of his moods. These muggles should pay for what they had done to Potter. In the back of his mind, Severus oddly wondered why he cared so much about what happened to the boy. He pushed those thoughts aside, he would deal with them later. Looking back down at the boy, he cast a basic healing charm, he had limited knowledge of healing magic, but that charm would suffice to keep the boy alive until he could get him to St. Mungo's. Madame Pomfrey wasn't at Hogwarts during the summer holidays. Gently, Severus gathered the boy in his arms, his head falling to rest against Severus's chest. He was so light, obviously undernourished. His fury rose again at how the muggles had treated the boy. Glancing at the floor, Severus noticed Potter's wand on the ground. Pausing for a moment, he cast a spell to summon Potter's things into the trunk he spotted nearby. He would need his school things and clothes. Surely Dumbledore would not allow the boy to return here. Finishing packing everything the boy owned, he shrunk the trunk and put it in his pocket. Turning with Potter still in his arms, he made his way back downstairs. The boy moaned pitifully as Severus's movements awakened him slightly. Severus looked down into the green gaze of the boy he held in his arms. "Pott-Harry?" Severus whispered gently to the boy, "It's okay, you're safe, I've got you". He thought he saw Potter's eyes flash with recognition as he looked up at him. "Snape…" the boy whispered before falling unconscious again. Severus held the boy tighter to his chest, taking care not to injure him further. His heart ached for the boy as he imagined the horrors this boy must have gone through at the hands of these muggles. Severus vowed then and there to treat Harry better, to show him what family is supposed to be like. To give the boy a chance at happiness that he never had. Clutching Harry to his chest, he continued his way downstairs through this blasted muggles house. As he passed the living room, the fat muggle Vernon stepped in his way with a threatening look on his face. "NOW LOOK HERE, THAT BOY HAD IT COMING TO HIM, HE HURT MY SON DUDLEY. I WAS SIMPLY SHOWING THAT FREAK WHO'S BOSS IN THIS HOUSEHOLD!" Severus's face got darker with every word that came out of the fool muggle's mouth, until he was again filled with a cold fury that made the air around him crackle with magical power. He did nothing to rein in his magic. He would be doing the wizarding world a favor if he killed this idiot muggle for the abuse they put on Harry. Severus raised his wand and pointed it at the fat man. There was a cold sneer on his face as he bore down on the muggle. The killing curse would be too merciful for this bastard, for it was too quick. The Cruciatus would be more fitting, although Severus doubted Dumbledore would agree to him torturing muggles. He settled for hexing the fat muggle appropriately. He aimed his wand at Vernon and with a flick, a small whale crashed through the living room floor in his place. The woman and the fat boy shrieked when they saw what their husband and father had been turned into. Severus allowed himself a small smile as he turned away to leave through the front door. A fitting punishment, hopefully the man would still perish, he doubted the muggles knew how to keep a whale alive out of water. Stepping into the dark night with Harry in his arms, Severus turned on the spot and apparated them both to St. Mungo's. . . . A/N: So ends the first chapter. I already have the story pretty much complete so know that I won't be changing anything. I do like to read your reviews though. So review away. . .