let Fenrir take his cub away from him. Her scream pierces through the air and Remus pushes himself faster than he thought possible, bursting into the clearing Hermione had set up camp in just in time to see Fenrir's teeth did into his daughter's side. Both Remus and his wolf tackle Fenrir to the ground, ripping the other wolf away from their cub. Their teeth dig into his neck, their claws rip through the flesh of his side, and they don't let up until Fenrir is running out of the clearing. The wolf would have followed to finish the job but, for once, the wolf listens to Remus when the human tells him to stay with Hermione. The wolf whines, nuzzling his cub's neck in an attempt to comfort her as she cries. He nudges the young girl's hands away from where they were trying to stop her side from bleeding and gently licks the wound. Remus watches in surprise as her wounds seal shut and his cub's tears stop falling, the pained expression leaving her face as she wraps her arms around his neck. June 6 th , 1990 "DAD!" His cub's voice echoes through the entire store from their flat upstairs and Remus can't help but grin and he hears her stomping across the floorboards upstairs. She storms into the room, her unruly curls sparking with power as she stalks toward him. "Yes, cub?" Remus responds as innocently as possible while biting back his laughter as he calmly takes a book from the stack cradled in his arms and places it on the shelf where it is supposed to go. He could have the job done in minutes with magic but he'd always preferred to do things by hand when possible. "Don't you 'Yes, cub' me like you weren't the one who did it. Only two of us live in this house and I sure as hell didn't put popping fireworks under the toilet seat." She tries to keep the smile off her face but he can see it tugging at her lip as she tries to keep up her angry mask. "I've got no idea what you're talking about but you really should watch your language, cub. Ten-year-olds shouldn't be using that type of language." "You're right…" His cub pauses, mischief shining brightly in her eyes as she grins up at him, before continuing, "I wonder what Mrs. Tonks would say if she found out that I learned it from you." Remus felt all the blood drain from his face. Andromeda was the only magical person he kept in contact with and that was only because she had stumbled across his shop when she and her husband were window shopping in town. She'd taken an immediate liking to his cub and when she had found out that Hermione was his daughter, she had immediately invited the two of them over for dinner. It had been strange at first talking to another magical person after so long but Andromeda was almost as detached from that society as he had become so he didn't have to worry about the news of him having a daughter spreading too far. It wasn't long before Andromeda became the motherly role his cub needed and if she found out that he was the one his cub had picked up that kind of language from, she would have his head. "You wouldn't." "You're right, I wouldn't." His cub smiles sweetly at him before turning around, almost skipping as she makes her way back down the aisle. "But I will get you back for that." Remus couldn't help the chuckle that rumbled through his chest, glad that he'd taken her mind off the irritation that always came from the full moon. September 19 th , 1990 "Dad! Dad! Daddy, look!" Remus groggily sat up, his bed shaking underneath him as his cub jumped up and down next to him. The bed stopped shaking as she collapsed on the bed beside him, shoving a letter in his direction. Dear Miss Lupin, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Remus turns the page so that he can read the supplies list: UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags. COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring and owl OR a cat OR a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS "Congratulations, cub!" Remus looks up from the letter and grins at his cubas he tugs her into a hug. "Happy birthday!" "Can we get my things from Diagon Alley today?" His cub asks as she pulls away, her warm eyes brightened with excitement. "Everything but your robes because you'll grow before you go to school next year. You can get some extra books too considering you've got all the ones on your list already. And we're going to pick up your birthday present while we're there as well."