I sighed as I worked up the nerve to tell her about my meeting with Fleur, and about my sexuality. I watched her walk excitedly around the room, gathering things I'm sure she expects us to use throughout the two weeks we have left before school starts again. I stand up and grab her shoulders to stop her from running around, she turns around to face me with a happy smile which I can't help but return. "We need to talk," I say replacing my smile with a look of complete seriousness, Ginny's expression also changes to one of concern as she nods and sits down on her bed cross-legged. I sit down facing her also with my legs crossed and sigh as I try to bring myself to speak. "Well?" Ginny asks a little impatiently, and I can't help but smile at her expression. "Alright, alright… I can do this…" I mumble mostly to myself, but I know she can hear me "I need to talk to you about me… about who I am…" I say a little nervously, "I'm gay." I say a little loudly as I blurt the words out, making sure I don't chicken out before I can tell her. Ginny has a shocked expression on her face, and she's just staring at me with wide eye's, she doesn't speak for what feels like hours until finally, she nods "I see, so that's why you always avoided questions about who you thought was hot at school." Ginny said with a reassuring smile. I blinked at her response, "You mean… you're okay with this?" I asked a little scared at what her answer might be. "'Course, I'm okay with it Mione, most witches and wizards are, where not like the muggles… well in this sense at least." I smiled at her and enveloped her in a big hug, thanking her. "Well then, now I can tell you about a girl I met," I said and recounted my meeting with Fleur down to the last detail, excluding what I did the night I met Fleur, for obvious readings. All Ginny could do is smile at me after I finished telling her, "Sounds like you have a crush on her." She teased me. I shook my head at her, "No way, I mean, yes, she's extremely hot but other than that she is very annoying." "Uh-huh" was all Ginny said as she walked downstairs. I chased after her, whispering loud enough so she could hear me "I don't okay, I mean we said like two words to each other. And she stole my book." Ginny didn't say anything as she sat down at the table while dinner was served. I sat next to her which luckily had me sitting next to Harry, while Ron sat on the other side. The rest of the Weasley clan sat around the table while Mrs. Weasley hurriedly carried the food from the kitchen to the table. I looked around the table and saw that no-one was going to offer to help, so I took it upon myself to do so, "Mrs. Weasley would you like some help with that?" Mrs. Weasley stopped in her tracks and looked at me with an appreciative smile, "Honestly, I'd love some, but not from you since you are a guest in this house, so, since you brought it up, Fred, George and Ron, get you asses up and give me a hand. And please call me Molly." I smiled at her and nodded my head. Ron, Fred and George all groaned as they stood up causing Ginny and Harry to laugh a little, I simply smiled while Mr. Weasley spoke, "Good job boys, we'll make gentlemen out of yous' yet." As Fred walked back toward the table, he grumbled at his father "Why don't you be a gentleman and help?" "Who do you think pays for all of this?" Mr. Weasley asked sarcastically, effectively shutting his son up. The rest of dinner continued on in the same fashion with gentle, good-natured jibes flying from person to person. Once we had finished, I went up to Ginny's room with her, Harry and to my disdain Ron. "Hey beautiful," Ron says as he sits down next to me, I groan internally as I look towards him. "Can you please stop flirting with me? It's getting very annoying." I growled at him. Harry smacked Ron's arm "Told you she wasn't interested, you'd think after a year he'd realise that 'ay." I laughed while Ron's face turned red, "You could've said something." He mumbled sheepishly. Now I felt like a bitch, I should have known Ron was too thick to realise on his own, I put a hand on his shoulder "I'm sorry I didn't say anything. And you'd better not start annoying the crap out of me again." I said with a hint of warning in my voice. Harry, Ginny and Ron all laughed at this which had me very confused, "What's so funny?" I asked, annoyed. "You really think I'd piss off the most powerful witch in our grade? Someone who could probably beat most of the fifth and even sixth-year students?" He openly praised me with Harry and Ginny nodding along, causing my face to flush as I got embarrassed. "Come on guys, shut up." I said with a big goofy grin on my face. "You know you're Lovin' it." Ginny said with her own grin. The four of us chatted for the rest of the night, not going to bed until very late at night, and during the rest of the two weeks before school, we would spend time with each other. We'd walk around the grounds outside the Weasley house and practice our magic together during the day, then talk the following night, sometimes all four of us, and sometimes I'd be alone with Ginny. During the weeks I quickly found myself enjoying the company of the two boys and decided that I'd consider them friends.