at Lucius distraught wife and they accepted the offer to raise the girl as their own. They were looking to adopt anyway and this seemed to be a happy solution for everybody. They had agreed that the twins should not be kept apart and had organized to meet as frequently as possible and when the children turned eleven they would be told the truth. Popsky was waiting back at the manner patiently for her masters call and when the time came she would apparate to the hospital and take his daughter before delivering her to the muggles. Suddenly the screaming in the room stopped and a medi-witch rushed out, sweat beading down her forehead and a smile on her face. "It's a boy" she said and within seconds Lucius was standing next to Narcissa. It wasn't long before the screaming started again as their little girl decided it was her turn to make an appearance. While two witches hovered around Narcissa, the third witch carried a small bundle over to him. His breath got caught in his throat as he stared down at his son who screamed until the moment he laid his large eyes on his father. A thick head of blonde hair and silver eyes, just like him. It wasn't long before a new cry filled the air and Lucius looked up from where he had been staring mesmerised at the baby in his arms to watch as a little girl was placed carefully in his tired wife's arms. The same blonde hair and silver eyes as her brother peeked out from beneath the blankets and he could feel tears fall from his eyes. "Hesperia" he whispered, looking at the baby in Narcissa's arms. "And Draco" his witch said smiling at the bundle he had clasped to his chest. He watched as Narcissa turned her attention to Hesperia and smiled sadly down at her "I love you baby girl" she whispered softly. She then looked up at her husband and nodded. Carefully the two exchanged babies. Taking the child in his arms he realised something. He had always believed that he could never love anyone as much as the woman lying in the hospital bed and yet when he stared at the twins his heart suddenly felt full. And he didn't love them any more or any less that he loved his wife. It was as if his heart just grew, expanded, in order to make more space. "My sweet child, I will see you soon, I promise" he murmured "Popsky" he called and in seconds the house elf was there before him,staring at the two bundles with tears in her giant eyes. Reluctantly he placed the baby girl in the elf's awaiting arms. Walking back, he stood next to his wife who had propped herself up in the bed so as to hold onto Draco properly and still see her daughter. Wrapping an arm around his wife he kissed the top of her head. Not worried about showing affection in front of the three other witches in the room as he knew that once Popsky had taken his daughter to the muggles, he would have to obliviate any memory of their ever being another child from their minds. "Is Master and Mistress sure" Popsky asked for the hundredth time since they told her the plan, looking at the couple and then at the child in her arms. "Yes, this has to be done" Narcissa said sadly. Smiling at the elf who was so loyal and kind. "Popsky will see you back home. With baby safe with muggles. Popsky promises" the elf swore, holding the child close. "We will see you soon Popsky" Narcissa whispered and the couple watched with pain in their eyes as the small elf nodded once and then disappeared. Lucius wanted to collapse right there. To call Popsky back and tell her to forget about the plan, but the image of when Lucius had told Voldemort that the baby was a boy and the disappointed look that had fallen over his feature and the instruction to try harder next time, reminded him of why they were doing this in the first place. Glancing down he smiled at his wife who was clearly fighting back tears as she stared at the little boy in her arms. Through all the sadness she was feeling the look of adoration was clear as she looked at her son. Leaning down Lucius placed a kissed each of their foreheads. Ushering the three witches out of them room he quickly dealt with them and sent them on their way before slowly leaning back against the door leading back into the hospital room. He slowly lowered himself until his elbows rested on his knees and he rubbed his hands over his face in a habit that seemed to calm him in moments of stress. He quickly pulled himself together and wiped away any traces of stray tears and re-entered the room. When he walked in he was surprised to find that, his wife was fast asleep. A silver eyed boy stared curiously up at him As he took the baby into his arms. He grinned at the boy, his eyes traveling to the spot where Popsky had just disappeared. "Your going to give them Hell Hesperia Malfoy" he said to no one and then laughed quietly when he thought Of the small argument he and Narcissa had had with the muggles when they had told them her name. Claiming that it was a stupid name they insisted that no one would ever believe they would call their child that. After a loud but short lived argument the couples had decided on two names one for when she was with the muggles and another for when she found out she was a Malfoy and for all the fuss the couple had made over Hesperia, Lucius couldn't help but feel the name they picked was even stupider "or should I say Hermione Granger."