quietly. Harry was looking at him with a strange expression on his face. When he spoke, his voice was hesitant. "Severus, I don't blame you for what happened," he said, he was looking into Severus's face now. Severus couldn't believe his ears. "I...I raped you" he said quietly. He hated himself, he couldn't stand to be touching the boy he had hurt. He pulled away from the boy and turned to leave. He heard a noise and then Harry's arms were wrapping around him, stopping him. He turned to look down at the boy in surprise. There was anguish in the boy's face. He clutched at Severus's robes, keeping him from leaving. "Don't go, Severus" he said and his voice broke. Severus's heart hurt for the boy and before he knew what he was doing, he had Harry in his arms, holding him against his chest. He cradled the boy to him as his heart tore in two. He had hurt this boy. He had damaged him forever. He should have fought harder, he shouldn't have done what Voldemort commanded. "Harry, I'm so sorry" he said and he felt wetness on his face and realized he was crying. Harry reached a small hand up and wiped away the tears from Severus's face. His hand rested against Severus's cheek. He was gazing into his eyes. "Severus, please don't blame yourself, I knew you had no choice. I don't blame you, I actually..."Harry turned away from his, seeming embarrassed, "I enjoyed it" he said quietly. Severus's eyes widened. The boy had enjoyed it? He had enjoyed having sex with him? "I didn't...hurt you?" He asked. The boy looked at him sheepishly. "Not really, it just...felt good" he said quietly. Severus smiled. He was glad he hadn't hurt the boy. He took Harry into his arms again and he felt the boy relax against him. He just held the boy for a few moments, resting his head against the top of Harry's. Harry's hands reached up to wrap around his waist, holding him back. They didn't say anything for a while and then... "Severus..."the boy was looking up at him shyly. Severus looked down at him curiously. "Can you do something for me?' He asked, his face was red from embarrassment. Severus raised his eyebrows at that, but he nodded. "Anything, Harry, what is it?" He asked softly. "Can you...kiss me?" came Harry's soft reply. Severus's eyes widened. He stared at the boy. Harry was looking at him with determination in his eyes. Had he heard the boy right? He wanted Severus to kiss him? "What...?" He questioned blankly. Harry looked up at him shyly. "I...want you to kiss me" he said and his hand was warm against Severus's face and his lips looked so inviting and all the feelings that he had felt when he had had sex with the boy came rushing back to him. He remembered the feel of Harry beneath him, his soft channel squeezing his cock as he pounded into the boy, his groan as he orgasmed. Severus gazed into Harry's eyes. He didn't know why the boy wanted him to kiss him but he couldn't stop himself as he was drawn down to those soft lips. He captured Harry's mouth in his. He moved his lips against his, suckling on the sweetess, his tongue begged entrance to the boy's mouth. Harry opened up for him and Severus's tongue darted inside, exploring the warm cavern. He heard the boy moan. His tongue tangled around the boy's and he couldn't stop a groan from escaping. The boy felt so good. And Harry was responding to him, his hands reaching up to tangle in Severus's hair while the other clutched at his shoulder, holding him closer. He felt his lips moving against him also, his tongue wrapping around his own in his mouth, tasting him. This felt so good, he couldn't stop himself. He wanted the boy. He wanted to feel him beneath him again. Suddenly, his senses came back. He pulled away from Harry, holding him at arm's length. "Harry we can't do this" he said. Harry was looking at him and his lips were swollen from their kiss. "But I want to..." He said softly, "I want you Severus" he was looking into Severus's eyes. Severus gazed at the boy. This was too good to be true. They boy couldn't possibly want him. He must be still traumatized from his ordeal. Severus looked at him doubtfully. "You can't want me after everything I've done to you" he said. Harry looked at him exasperatedly. "I already said I don't blame you, Severus, I want you. I want all of you" he said, he crept closer to Severus's lips, intent on kissing him. Severus pulled back a little, holding the boy away. He thought quickly. He wanted the boy too, but he had to be sure. Harry might be acting like this because his ordeal was still fresh in his mind. He couldn't live with himself if he took advantage of the boy like this. He looked deeply into Harry's eyes. "Harry, how old are you?" He asked. Harry looked at him curiously. "Sixteen, I'll be seventeen at the end of July"he replied. Severus thought about that. The boy would be of legal age in two months. He knew suddenly what he had to do. "Harry, if you feel the same way about me on your birthday, then I promise we will be together" he said. He watched the boy ponder that, musing it over. Finally he nodded. "Okay" he said, "I'll wait till my birthday, but..." He suddenly leaned forward and caught Severus's lips in his before he could react. His lips were passionate, claiming him eagerly, tasting him. Then he felt the boy pull away. "Don't keep me waiting forever" he heard him say softly. . . THE END . A/N: Thanks for reading! Review if you liked it! Check out my other stories on my profile! .