and how he now knew for certain that she missed Lily. What tugged at him most of all, though, were the words on the radio. He had only heard them once but they had rung in his head ever since. Those words, combined with everything else that day, had made everything feel ominous. The quiet before the storm, he thought to himself. He thought about these things and others as the old man and the severe-looking woman talked outside. He thought about telling Petunia to invite Lily and James and Harry round for dinner, not knowing that, as he did so, the old man was telling the severe-looking woman the news that he had about Lily and James. He frowned in the dark as he heard the sound of a muffled motorcycle engine, and he had no idea that a giant of a man had arrived on Privet Drive, carrying a precious little bundle. He didn't hear the three people say their goodbyes to the bundle as the old man left it on doorstep to number four, the Dursley home, and he didn't notice as the light returned to the street lamps of Privet Drive. Vernon turned, gently so as not to disturb Petunia, and closed his eyes, not knowing that on their doorstep, wrapped in blankets and accompanied with a note, slept Harry Potter. He didn't know that something in his life was about to change and that at that very moment, all over the country, people were meeting in secret and paying tribute to his baby nephew. He snapped awake in the morning and found Petunia was already up. He touched her side of the bed and frowned at how cold it felt. He looked over at the cot and saw Dudley was still asleep and then, his back protesting a little, Vernon got up and looked across the hallway at the bathroom. It was empty. It was then that he heard a sob from downstairs. Gingerly, as he tried to avoid both the creaking floorboard at the top of the stairs and the one five steps down, Vernon made his way to the kitchen, and froze. Petunia sat at the table, shaking. Her hands covered her face and she kept sobbing with a low, soft moan. On the table, wrapped in blankets, was a baby, and, between Petunia and the baby, were several sheets of unfolded parchment. Vernon didn't say anything when he stepped over to his wife. He didn't say anything when he read what was written on the parchment. He didn't say anything when he glanced at the baby, and he didn't say anything as he let the pages fall to the floor and knelt down and put his arms around his wife. Dear Mrs Dursley, née Evans I have thought long and hard this past day about an appropriate way to start this letter and I realised, unsurprisingly, that Truth is of utmost importance. A Truth that I will share with you now is that, to this day, I still have the letter you wrote to me all those years ago. I cherish it and it often brings a smile to my face and regret to my heart. I smile at your eager words and your desire to learn, and I regret not being able to invite you the world to which your sister had been. Another Truth is that the baby that I have left sleeping on your doorstep is your nephew, Harry. He is not much older than your own son, I believe. The third Truth I share with you is a painful one, and one that I am neither brave enough nor strong enough to tell you in person, and one I believe you will know to be true before even reading this letter. Lily and James are no longer with us. To say that my heart is heavy as I write these words is an understatement of what your sister and brother-in-law meant to me. As their teacher and friend, I have watched them grow and mature and blossom from excitable children to determined leaders. From playing pranks on their friends and colleagues to risking their lives for theirs. I know that things were difficult between Lily and yourself in recent years. I do not know the whys and I do not believe that any of that now matters. I only know that Harry needs you. Magic can do many things, and magic bonded by blood is magic that can protect, and it is that protection that Harry now needs. Protection that only you can give him. I imagine, now, reading this, that you are shaking your head, but I assure you that you do have magic. The magic of love. I ask you to love your nephew, if for no other reason than because you love your sister. I ask you to look after him and give him a place that he can call home. For a long time, the world of magic has been in turmoil. A Dark Wizard, calling himself Lord Voldemort, had brought about a reign of terror that threatened to engulf your world, too. Lily and James were among those who have strived against this wizard and his followers, and it was he, himself, who took them from us. The scar on young Harry's head is, I believe, the result of Lily giving her life to protect Harry from Voldemort. On this, I give you three more Truths: Lord Voldemort sought to murder Harry; the world believes Voldemort to be dead; I do not. These are the Truths that I am sharing with you, Petunia, and I do so with the hope that you will open your heart and allow Harry refuge and a home there. The magic Lily evoked protects Harry until he comes of age, so long as he can call your home, wherever it may be, his, too. It's a magic of blood. The magic of an aunt. Please, look after him.