rose in his cheeks as much from embarrassment as anger, Scorpius strode forwards and clamped a hand on Albus' shoulder. "You could at least do me the courtesy of –" Albus jumped. Not just a flinch, he quite literally jumped to his feet. Spinning in place, he turned towards Scorpius and Scorpius… his anger didn't die, exactly, but it was certainly confounded. Albus didn't appear angry with him. Not annoyed or dismissive or visibly aloof. He didn't even seem an idiot, as Scorpius had been half considering he might be for his attitude and distractedness. Instead, Albus was… startled? Then confused? Then, in quick succession, his expression folded into distinct sheepishness. "Sorry," Albus said, his voice surprisingly quiet when Scorpius considered the previously-observed animated discussions he'd shared with his cousin. He raised a hand, made a fisted gesture at his chest that might have meant something but that Scorpius couldn't comprehend, and shrugged slightly. "Were you talking to me? I-I can't hear you." "You couldn't hear me?" Scorpius' affront reared its head once more. He frowned severely, and he knew he was pouting just as his mother said he was want to do, but he didn't care. "And I assume you didn't hear me at Kings Cross, or on the train, or at the boats too, then?" Albus' shoulders hunched slightly, sheepishness drawing a wince from him, an he shook his head. His hands made another series of gestures that was nothing if not a little ludicrous and distracting. Not that Scorpius couldn't ignore them, because he did. He would damn-well ignore such frivolity, because Albus was being – "No. I didn't. Sorry, I – it was all just a little overwhelming, but I should have been paying more attention to… to everything." Albus paused, swallowed, and winced slightly again. "I'm deaf, see, so I couldn't… if you spoke to me when I didn't see you I…" Then he trailed off. His quiet words filtered into silence as his hands stilled, but Scorpius hardly noticed. He couldn't. Not anymore. A different kind of flush rose in his cheeks, warm and horrifyingly so. "You're deaf?" "Mm." "No you're not." "I'm pretty sure I am," Albus said, and his wince faded into a smile. "Unless someone's been playing a really mean prank on me my whole life." Scorpius stared and Albus stared back at him. He stared as Albus dropped his gaze to Scorpius' lips, then up to his eyes once more. Words bubbled forth before he could help himself, confused and astounded. "But you – you can understand –" "If I'm watching you I can usually lip-read most things." He was… he was lipreading? What Scorpius had just said, he'd been… he'd just… "B-but I never heard that you're deaf . Surely I would have heard –" "We've kept it quiet," Albus said, and he shrugged once more. "Mum and Dad didn't want anyone to make any hype over it. I wouldn't tell anyone if I didn't have to, I don't think, 'cause people kind of treat me differently 'cause of it, but seeing as we're going to be housemates, I figured you'd find out sooner or later?" He said it like a question, blinking at Scorpius without a hint of malice or dismissal in his gaze. Then he glanced towards the other two boys watching the performance across the room. They both stared with eyebrows raised and mouths hanging open, and Scorpius couldn't think any less of them for it. He struggled to correct his own expression that had fallen into just the same slackness. Then Albus was turning back to Scorpius again. Scorpius longed for nothing more than to melt into the floor rapidly in the riot of his embarrassment. He'd thought Albus had been ignoring him. He'd thought he was being cruel. Albus wasn't wasn't. He really wasn't at all, and that reality set Scorpius' cheeks aflame all over again. Swallowing thickly, hands dropping from their fold to his sides, Scorpius tucked his chin. "Sorry," he mumbled. "I didn't know." Albus stuck a hand beneath his gaze, fluttering his fingers slightly until Scorpius raised his head once more. When he did, it was to see Albus smiling with nothing short of open friendliness. "Sorry," he said, and his hands twitched slightly in what Scorpius could only assume was some kind of sign language. "I can't really make out what you're saying if you do that." Could I be making the situation any worse if I tried? Scorpius thought despairingly. "Sorry," he repeated. Then, just to be certain his apology was conveyed, "I'm really sorry I misunderstood." Albus shrugged. Just like that, as though it didn't even matter, he shrugged, openly accepting of the apology and the slight and the – the foolishness that Scorpius hadn't even realised he'd been enacting. Albus shrugged, and smiled, and then he offered a hand to Scorpius in a gesture that even he could understand. "No harm done. But seeing as we're going to be housemates for a while, how about we start off as friends. Hm?" Scorpius stared at Albus' hand. It was offered directly, freely, almost too easily. He met Albus' gaze and there was nothing but openness and offering within them. Slowly, tentatively, Scorpius reached for his hand and grasped it in his own. His cheeks still felt flushed and he was still utterly mortified, but he wouldn't turn down the offer. Not then. "Friends," he said, and that was it. He grasped Albus' hand, and the feeling of fingers squeezing his own in return was like the dawning of a world of possibilities. Of chances. Of fulfilment that Scorpius had always sought. This kind, though – Scorpius hadn't even considered just what it meant to make a friend of a Potter. A/N: Thanks for reading! As of this moment, this is a oneshot. I don't know, should it be longer? Should I go on? Let me know with a review what you think and any thoughts on future progression!