much grace as a Horntail Granger?" His comment seemed to be enough to stir her from confusion. Hermione Granger's eyes were fire as they met his. "I don't know Malfoy, has anyone ever tell you that you have about as much tact as a troll?" He curved his mouth into a bemused smirk, never quite letting his amusement reach his eyes. Before he could get a word in edgewise Granger had already begun her tirade, "Besides I'm not the one loafing in doorways waiting for someone to come and knock me over. Now if you will excuse me I have to go find my -," she made her way to push past him to enter the vacated classroom. Before she could make any headway he removed the sizeable book she was searching for from his pocket and placed it between them. She huffed in frustration, "Malfoy what in Godric's name — oh." "I take it this is what you were ready to plough a man down for?" She eyed both him and the book with suspicion, waiting several moments before tentatively taking it from him. Malfoy didn't miss the way she carefully avoided any contact with his hands. She stuffed the book in her own bag which was practically overflowing. He watched as she fiddled with worn leather clasp that she now tied rather than buckled to keep it closed. Even so it looked like it's days were numbered. He observed her curiously as she shifted nervously on her feet. Nervousness. This was something he hadn't witnessed from her before. No, for the past few years Granger had been the perfect combination of overzealous, confident, and insufferable at worst. Cool, collected, and focused at best, but never nervous. Granted this was the first time the two of them had been alone in years. She probably thought he was going to hex her or something else equally deplorable. "Well uh thank you. That was uncharacteristically decent of you," she finally managed to get out. He was on the verge of making a snide comment on how low the mighty Gryffindor has stooped to be thanking the likes of him, when her brows settled into a frown. "Wait. What exactly were you planning on doing with my book?" He rolled his eyes. He shouldn't have been surprised at her assumption that he'd resort to something as trivial and childlike as stealing her book from her. As if he had nothing better to do with his time. Nevertheless, he felt a twinge of annoyance all the same. So much for uncharacteristically decent. "Correct me if I'm wrong, but it appears you and I are the only ones who have Arithimacy after this class. I figured I'd spare myself the misfortune of witnessing you having a fit the moment you realized it was gone." He watched with satisfaction as her accusatory gaze morphed into one of embarrassment. She opened her mouth to speak, but this time it was he who cut her off. He lowered his voice and shifted his body closer to hers. If anyone had been watching them the action would have appeared menacing. Maybe it was. "I don't waste my time on petty crimes, Granger." If he'd thrown her off balance he couldn't tell as she narrowed her eyes at him. "No of course not. I'd imagine the crimes you busy yourself with are of a significantly different nature." She spat the words out with venom only to immediately clamp her mouth shut, as if insulting him had been a reflex she hadn't been able to control. At that he sneered as was expected of him when really the words barely stung. After all she was right, but Draco Malfoy had long since stopped trying to be anything except the character he was expected to be. They stood in silence a moment longer until he coolly slid past her. With his back to her he thought he heard her release a shaky breath. He wasn't entirely sure what motivated him to pause and turn back to look at her once more, but he did. "You shouldn't concern yourself with my crimes Granger." And with that he left her standing in the arched doorway, not knowing whether his parting words had been a warning or a threat. A/N : Ah this is exciting! My first Dramione story! Over the past year or so I've read so many Dramione fics that I've loved, more than I can probably count or remember, and I finally decided to post this little something I've had milling about in the back of my mind for quite some time now. In an impressive feat of procrastination I finally got this planned, written, and outlined the way I want the rest of this story to go. The events of sixth year will remain mostly canon compliant, but the progression of the war will diverge from the events of Deathly Hallows. While Draco and Hermione aren't a couple I've written for in the past, nor have I written anything set in the Hogwarts universe before, I am really excited about this story. It's more for myself than anything really as it's been stewing around in my imagination for such a long time. Anyways I hope you enjoyed this quick introduction chapter. As all writers do I am always so grateful for anyone that takes the time to read my work or leave favourites, follows, or reviews. I love getting feedback so any thoughts you have are always welcome :) And finally disclaimer, these characters of course (unless otherwise stated) are not my own and they belong to J.K Rowling. (Also if anyone is here wondering who the hell do I think I am for starting something new when I haven't been updating my other two works in progress... they're coming guys. Slowly, but surely I plan on finishing those. It's sometimes hard to find the time and inspiration, but I have definitely not abandoned them and do not intend to!)