told the boy about his strange dreams, even as they progressively got more and more like nightmares. Harry, as always, paid him no mind. Now, Dudley Dursley was not a patient boy by any stretch of the imagination. He had been doted on hand and foot by both of his parents for as long as he could remember and the brief introduction into discomfort that this summer provided was doing very little to change that. It had been a sweltering July and Dudley had gotten yet another stream of bad dreams that night. They had all been rather horrible and for one reason or another, he had been unable to wake up. He had rested very little despite sleeping through the night. When he entered Harry's cupboard, the grunt he released in greeting was hardly comparable to his previous ones. All Dudley wanted was the sun to hurry and rise so it could hurry and set. He hadn't even bothered to check and see if Harry had even opened his eyes yet. It probably wouldn't matter. Harry always said the same bloody thing anyway. "Dreams come true, dreams come true, dreams come true..." And there it was! Always the same message on endless repeat. One would hope that Harry had learned something else to say by now. After all, Dudley had only been talking to him forever. He could have said a thank you at least. He didn't have to be nice to Harry! Didn't have to find out his name nor anything about his parents. Dudley was perfectly fine the way he was, being ignorant to the Freak they had kept under the stairs and the possibility of training it to be normal. He had no idea why he would even try. Nothing was coming of it. Harry wouldn't even say anything. "Dreams come true, dreams come true, dreams come true..." Except that mantra again. Dudley said hello to him everyday. He told him about Piers, and Mrs. What's-Her-Face and Mr. What's-His-Hair from down the street who were getting a new pet. Sure Harry probably had nothing worthwhile to add to the conversation, but he could have at least said hello back. It was common courtesy after all. "Dreams come true, dreams come true, dreams come true..." "Enough!" Dudley roared. He was tired, hungry, and sore. And Harry was being very rude. Dudley got up and stepped to the glass and pressed his hands against it in the corner closest to Harry, "Yes, Harry! Sometimes dreams come true!" Harry tensed. The silence rang rather uncomfortably in Dudley's ear. He had never heard Harry silent during the day. Harry looked up at Dudley and for the first time, caught his gaze. Dudley watched in dawning horror as Harry's eyes bled a deep, vibrant green and a manic smile seeped onto his face. His eyes. They were the exact color as the ones that would always be staring at Dudley in his nightmares. Harry leaned closer to the glass and whispered a new set of words, his green eyes glowing from within. "Nightmares are dreams too." Dudley opened his mouth to scream as Harry uncurled from his ball and touched the glass wall. But his screams were silent, just as they were in every one of his nightmares. The wall melted around Harry's hand. "Sleep." His voice came out deeper than Dudley had ever heard it with a hissing sound underneath. "Sleep. And dream." Those glowing green eyes were the last thing Dudley saw as his world bled to black. A/N: It took me a surprisingly long time to write this first chapter. Although it doesn't explain much of the mechanics behind 'why' Harry's life seems to be the way it is, it does introduce you to what is the normal setting for Harry and how he gets out of that situation. This is the first chapter so there are going to be a lot of things you won't understand that will only be explained in later chapters. As a warning, the main pairing in this will eventually be Drarry (although at this moment, nothing explicit happens so if you truly want to squint your eyes, you could get through it merely imagining that Harry and Draco happen to have a bromance going on). The main pairing won't come into play for quite some time, however. For one, I don't plan on Harry going to Hogwarts (and you will understand why within the next chapter or two). Secondly, I want to play around with Draco's development without his 'Harry Potter' childish escapades going on at school. This can be considered a Dark!Harry fic in some ways, definitely a Super!Harry fic in a lot of others. He's OOC in a lot of instances (as will a lot of them be) but considering his first few years, can you blame him? There will be a lot of familiar faces in the next chapter- some good, some less so. More explanations as to the state of the Wizarding and Muggle Worlds (although I won't be delving into anywhere out of the UK at this time). Right now, I have a lot of characters from the series planned to show up and somehow become involved with Harry. Some will die (but no one in the main cast is planned at this time). A lot of the planning of this one is still in the works, so I will try to keep you updated as I write. Finally, I will answer to all reviews (that are signed in). If you don't want the trouble of signing in at that moment, you can always submit it under your pen name and I'll try to find you on here and send you a PM. Otherwise, I might not respond. Any questions asked, however, I will try to answer in the Author's Notes at the end of the chapters (which will hopefully be much shorter than this one in the future). Second chapter is in the works. Bon Voyage.