looked down at her. "Wow. That was… not what I expected," he said softly. "Does this mean I have got a chance?" She sighed, meeting his gaze. "James, you've always had a chance, right from the first night I met you. I tried to hate you, once I found out who you were, but I couldn't ever do it. I like you, but…" She closed her eyes, almost wishing she had succeeded in managing to hate him. "Oh God, there are so many reasons why this shouldn't work." "I know," he agreed. She opened her eyes again, and he was frowning. "But if we both want it, and want each other, isn't it worth at least giving it a go?" he went on, and she could hear the slightly desperate hope in his voice. "I know I don't exactly deserve it – I deserve you to hate me, but you've just said you don't. And I swear I'm trying to be less of a waste of space…" She gave something that was almost a laugh, with a hint of a sob. "You're not a waste of space. And yes, I want to give it a go…" "Seriously?" His eyes lit up. "I mean, is that actually a yes…?" "Yes," she said with more assurance. "On a few conditions." He still looked like his birthday had just arrived, but a slight wariness came into his face. "What are they?" She took a breath. "You have to be nice to Scorpius." "I haven't done or said anything to him for months!" he protested. "Yeah, because you haven't seen him for months – you left school! But if this is going to go anywhere, you're going to have to get used to being in the same space as him. I'm not saying you have to suddenly be his friend – I can't force either of you to like each other. But you have to be civil, at least. To him, and about him." He looked a little sheepish. "Well, I can probably manage that. As long as he doesn't say anything to me – or are you saying I've got to smile and be polite even then?" She sighed again. "Well, I'd like to think you're capable of rising above it, just like I'd like to think he won't say anything to you. But fine – just don't start anything." He nodded. "Okay, got it. Is that it?" "No." She hesitated. They still had their arms round each other, and she wasn't sure if she wanted to have this conversation right now, but it was important. At least, it was important to her. "James, the trouble is, we come from different worlds. No, we do ," she went on, seeing him open his mouth to protest. "We literally do. And I know that because I've been friends with Scorpius for eleven years, and I've still never even seen the street where he does most of his shopping. And if… if we're going to go out, we have to understand each other's worlds. I can't deal with secrets and pretending." He was looking a little puzzled, although he was nodding slowly. "Okay. I think I get that. But you already know about the magical world…" "No, I don't," she interrupted. "Not really. I know Scorpius, and I know stuff about his life. But until recently, his parents pretended not to be magical whenever I came round. I don't know any other witches or wizards, apart from you, and for most of the time I've known him, Scorpius wasn't even allowed to do magic in the holidays. And I know I can't go to all your magical places – I get that. I'm just saying I need you to be straight with me. All the times we met up over the summer, I never saw you do any magic. But I'm guessing you must do it all the time, and that's what I mean about not pretending. I want to understand it – I want to know what's normal for you." She stopped, because a grin had appeared on his face. "What? Did I say something funny?" "No," he assured her quickly. "I agree with you. I don't want to pretend either. But hey, you know I'm pretty sure there's nothing stopping you getting into Diagon Alley if I take you. I've seen Muggleborns' parents there loads of times. And there are other places. Not everywhere's as protected as places like Hogwarts or the Ministry." "Really?" She stared doubtfully at him. "Yeah, of course." He shrugged. "It might not technically be something I should do, but who's going to care? Or notice? Although actually, I don't know how public you want to make this yet. I doubt if we'd get into trouble – well, you wouldn't anyway – but we'd definitely get spotted if we went to Diagon Alley." "Well, I'd tell Scorpius first then," she said. She wasn't sure how he was going to take it, and the thought was an uncomfortable one, but she pushed it away and smiled. "There isn't anyone else I know who'd be likely to hear about it. So that would be up to you. But could you actually take me there?" "Sure. But you've already experienced how much my family likes to stick their noses in things, so let's maybe put a hold on that one for a bit – because you can guarantee we'd run into some of them there. They're everywhere." He grinned at her. "We can start somewhere else, though. What would you like to see?" His grin was infectious, and she felt one starting on her face too. She didn't really know what there was to see other than the places they'd already mentioned, and she didn't really care. There were still plenty of difficulties to be overcome, but she found that right now she didn't really care about those either. "Everything," she told him, pulled him down towards her and kissed him again.