the house of her family. -o-o-o- The Potter family continued to celebrate the birth of their children as the morning went on. By nine in the morning, James and his father were flying while Hermione sat by her mother on the lawn reading one of her new books, wrapped up in a new cloak. After half of an hour passed of the boy's mock quidditch game, Hermione's head started throbbing. She stood slowly and mumbled to her mother about finding a pain relief potion. As she turned and made her way towards the manor, the pain in her head intensified. Hermione let out an ear-splitting cry as she fell to the wet ground. The pain in her head became too much to bear and her world went black. -o-o-o- 27th March, 1971 – 5:27 p.m. James Potter had never been to Saint Mungo's. Well, if one was to count his birth, then perhaps he had been there once. But the point of the matter is that he was overwhelmed. The flurry of witches and wizards in healer robes was making his head spin. Not to mention the fact that his sister was sitting in her very own hospital bed after she had lost conscience. Normally when James and Hermione were injured, their mother would take care of them. Her healer skills were still in top shape. James knew it was bad when his mother was at a loss. He and his parents were sequestered to a waiting room for hours as the healers came in and out of Hermione's room. James was petrified. His sister was fine one moment and deathly pale and unconscious the next. He hadn't even been as scared as when he saw her fall off of her broom the previous year. James's parents looked a tad worse for wear as well. Monty's face was tired and drawn, a worried crease etched his brown. Mia on the other hand had red eyes and a tear streaked face. They had been waiting for over seven hours with no information. Finally, as the clock was nearing six thirty in the evening, a healer found them. "Mr. and Mrs. Potter?" The healer asked, "I am Healer Pollingtonious, I am your daughter's main healer." Monty and Euphemia shook the healer's hand and asked what was wrong with Hermione. "Frankly, we do not know." He said in a sympathetic voice, "We have tried every single diagnostic charm out there and they all indicate her to be in full health." "But that is not possible," Euphemia said, "She was in so much pain, she wouldn't stop screaming. I was a healer as well, Mr. Pollingtonious, for over twenty years. I know when there is something wrong and my daughter was in pain." "I am not denying that there is something wrong with your daughter, Mrs. Potter." The healer assured, "I am merely saying that we do not know what it is, or what we can do to help her." Taking a deep breath, he continued. "When you brought in your daughter, she was screaming in pain, but once she was settled into her room, she started to say things as well. We called in a mind healer who said that it seemed as if your daughter was reliving some kind of trauma. Hermione was screaming 'It's a fake,' and she was calling for someone named Harry. Does any of this ring a bell for you?" "No," Monty said, "I mean her grandfather's name is Harry but the kids all call him 'papa.' I have no idea what this 'fake' business is though." Monty turned to his wife and son, "Do either of you?" Both James and his mother shook their heads in a negative. Healer Pollingtonious sighed and started telling the Potter family that he wanted to keep Hermione in the hospital and monitor her for any changes. As he was speaking, a frazzled trainee came to find him. "Healer, she's awake." -o-o-o- Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry. He was dead. Harry was dead. Voldemort killed him. Her Harry was dead. Her brother was dead. She was a muggle. She was a witch. She was a Mudblood. She was a Gryffindor. She was a fighter. She was Hermione Granger. Everything was flashing though her mind at insane speeds. From her childhood as an oddball prodigy, to Minerva McGonagall showing up on her doorstep telling her about Hogwarts. She remembered it all as if she was watching her memories as a film on fast-forward. The Stone, the Chamber. Sirius Black, the murderer who was innocent. She remembered Harry becoming like family and her heart breaking when his name came out of the Goblet. She cried when she saw him clutching Cedric's body. Hermione's mind was overwhelmed as she flashed through her lifetime. She got a front row seat to the highs and lows of her life. It wasn't until she remembered Dumbledore calling her into his office during her sixth year that things started to click. Bits of a different life started pushing though into her mind, images of a boy who looked so much like Harry, but with a tad darker skin, hazel eyes and a taller form. He was her brother, but so was Harry. One was blood and one was soul. Both were just as important. Dumbledore. He knew what would happen. He did this. He changed everything. Dumbledore linked her life to Harry's. If he died, then she went back. She became Hermione Potter and had to set out to save them all. Hermione Potter was only eleven years old. Hermione Granger was eighteen. Hermione Granger hadn't been born yet. Hermione Granger might never be born. Hermione Potter shouldn't exist. Hermione Potter must do everything she can to save both of her brothers. Maybe the rest of the world in the process. She opened her eyes. -o-o-o- AN/ Any thoughts? I haven't written in years but I've been on a Hermione kick recently so I decided to dive back into it.