thought to herself. She could cross out faces in a photograph, but she couldn't erase the reality of what had happened. She looked back at the diary now. Another past, carefully preserved, not her own. Remus may have written that he was no longer interested in the diary, but she had known enough about him to understand that he too had painful ties to his past, that he had been unable to cut loose. If it had been anyone else, she would have respected their privacy. But she could intuit that Remus, for all his efforts at being guarded and reclusive, had badly wanted to connect to people, and share something of himself with others. It would be a shame if no one ever read his not-so-carefully preserved memoirs. What were these secrets he was so keen to hide from everyone anyway? Surely, all was out in the open now, either with the Ministry's sanction or through all those rumours which had spread like fire after the War… She had kept the diary unopened for seven months, since the time it had arrived in the box of belongings found at the hideout, sent over by the Ministry. But tonight, having run out of distractions, and unable to suppress the morbid curiosity with which she regarded all evidence of the past, she had fished it out. She would read the rest of it another day, when she was feeling less maudlin perhaps. The cries of the baby shook her out of her reverie. As she got up to go check on him, she took several deep breaths to steady herself. Things had been getting better. She couldn't afford to lose herself for hours at a stretch any longer. She went into the baby's room, where he lay in a crib, crying loudly and holding up his tiny fists. She picked him up and then smiled, in spite of herself. The tuft of hair on his head was bright pink. Holding him in her arms and muttering a soft lullaby, she walked around the house, making mental notes of grocery items to buy, things to be repaired, things to be organised. These last few weeks, she had been at her busiest in two years. She had been making plans to get back to her old job at St. Mungo's, and it involved a lot of correspondence, sorting out her old records, catching up on current Healing practices, studying and revising techniques that she had forgotten. On a wall in her study, there was a to-do list. She picked up a quill, added the new items and started marking off the things that had been done. Only three of the old items remained. - Collect old files for Smethwyck - Tuesday, tea with Harry Potter - Letter (prank?) She stared at the last one. She had completely forgotten about her plan to do something about the strange letter which had arrived a week ago. A small brown owl had delivered it. It had stuck around for two days, demanding treats and hooting loudly, evidently waiting for her reply. When she had shown no sign of writing one, it had flown away. She opened her cabinet and took out the letter. On the envelope, it just said 'Miss Black'. When she had first read it, she thought it was some sort of joke, someone trying to annoy her by mocking her disreputable former family name. The letter itself hadn't been very sensible either. But funny things were happening these days, and preferring to err on the side of caution, she had decided to show it to someone who might be able to make sense of it. Someone she could trust and someone who wouldn't think she was losing her marbles. Maybe Minerva, or someone at the hospital… Holding the baby in one hand, she unfolded the letter and read it again. Dear Miss Black, I hope all is well with you. I am writing to you because I think it is my solemn duty to inform you that the wizarding world is in grave imminent danger. A deadly magical object has resurfaced. Trust me when I say Voldemort is nothing compared to what might happen if the object I am talking about finds its way into the wrong hands. It is my belief that you might be able to help me locate this object. I believe you have exemplary knowledge about wizarding family trees and ancient heirlooms. I would like to meet you in person. Please confirm by return owl a time and place of your convenience, and be discreet. I will find you. I cannot tell you everything in this letter. But you see, we have all grown up reading the wrong fairy tales, and no one seems to have realised the peril in which that puts us. I'm talking about the Tale of the Three Brothers. I am sure you know the story. Three brothers and three gifts from Death – wand, stone and cloak. This story was a shameful lie. These three things may or may not make one the Master of Death, I cannot be sure. I know there are some who believe they do and are on a Quest to find the 'Deathly Hallows', as they call them. I know, from credible sources, that at least two of these Hallows have seemingly resurfaced at different points in history (one of them more recently than you might think) But what's important is what the story leaves out. The story says nothing about the most terrible object that was ever fashioned to master Death. This object has eluded even the enthusiastic loonies on the so-called Quest. And its existence has never been confirmed. Until now. A fourth Hallow exists. I have proof, but I need your help to find it. Please send your reply soon. Yours, Just like the first time she had read the letter, Andromeda Tonks was left staring in puzzlement at the signature. It was a small phoenix.