likely to not make a big deal about it. The others don't know that part. Granger knew you'd do the right thing with that information, yes?" He arched a perfect brow. "Yes, yes," Draco murmured impatiently. "Is that the reason for whatever's happening with him today, or is there something else? I don't think he's looked this depressed since the war." "I wouldn't know." Theo blinked and his face became a blank slate. "Granger, are you interested in a trip to the Leaky? I'm peckish, and I refuse to go anywhere near Horizont Alley while that lack of decorum is happening." A light blush returned to Hermione's face. "Oh, well, if you'd like the company, I suppose I can spare some time." Draco and Harry watched the two wave and leave via the floo, just as a house-elf appeared with a tray of tea. "On the balcony please, Pipsy," Draco directed. "If you will, Potter?" He gestured towards the chair and table now laid out ready for them to partake. Harry smiled the first genuine smile Draco had seen so far and moved to sit carefully down. "I'm sure I don't say it often enough, Malfoy, but I do love what you've done to the manor." Harry smiled up at Draco as he sat down. "I like it too. And now that I'm the only one living here, I only have to please myself. Mother and Father would never have liked what I've done to the place." Draco shot a smirk at Harry. "Now, milk and two sugars, yes?" Draco's hands were already moving through the practiced motions of pouring Harry's tea. "Mhmm," Harry looked closely at Draco, surprised. "How did you know that?" "I pay attention, Potter. Knowing how someone takes their tea tells you a lot about a person," Draco said pretentiously, placing the cup gently in front of Harry. "Anyway, that's not important. What has made you so uncomfortable today? I can't believe that the idea of going shopping for clothes is what has made you go all… whatever you are." Harry took a sip of his drink and sighed. "I'm not anything. I objected to the imposition on your time. And their reasoning for my new wardrobe." "And their reasoning was…?" Draco prompted. Harry cracked his neck. "Partly because Pansy simply doesn't like anything I wear. She says it's all too big. Which is a fair point, most of it used to belong to Dudley. You know, my cousin?" He placed his hands atop his head and stared at the ceiling. "But they worked out I haven't dated in... I don't know how long. A while." He sighed. "And it's not that big a deal, really, but you know Ron. He made it into a huge deal so then Pansy and Blaise jumped on the bandwagon, and I think Theo was just mocking them all, but it's kinda hard to tell with him, you know?" Draco nodded thoughtfully. "He is hard to read. Not that Granger seems to have a problem with that." He shot a cheeky smirk at Harry. Harry chuckled. "Oh, you see it too?" Draco allowed a small smile. Harry sighed - this time, not as emotionally as before. "Look, I'd love it if you could help me replace all my clothes. But only if you have time." "You're not that hard up are you Potter, surely?" Draco drawled."I've seen both witches and wizards literally throw their underwear at you. I'm sure that you could just owl any of them for a date." Harry took a fortifying sip of tea. "Yes, I'm sure I could. But… those people all want -" He switched into the deep voice of Severus Snape (as close as he could get, anyway), " -famous Harry Potter." He shrugged. "They all expect things of me, and you and I both know I have no idea what I'm doing on a good day, let alone on a date with a stranger. So I don't date. They all want the fame and the reporters and the story. I want… reading in the library, quiet dinners and to fade into the background. I don't know how to find that, but that's what I want." "And," Draco intoned, "there is also the fact that you're a raging homosexual." Harry snorted at Draco's offhand comment. "I didn't know you knew that. He shook his head. "How raging can I be? I haven't dated since Ginny. And she was very definitely female. And my last kiss was Seamus, as a dare, at the beginning of eighth year. So… raging, I think not." Draco let a small smile escape. "Perhaps not." Turning serious for a moment, he said, "I don't know if a new wardrobe will solve all your problems, but it will at least make you feel good. And," he put his teacup down decisively. "It will save me from wanting to scratch out my eyes every time I look at you." "Look at me often, do you?" Harry laughed and put his cup down. "Alright. Now or another time?" "I've already filed my parchment, Potter. Now or never." Draco was pleased. He'd never been the one responsible for cheering Harry up and he found he didn't mind the feeling of accomplishment that accompanied it. "Now, I guess." Harry stood up and leaned over to adjust the cuffs of his overlong jeans. "Where to? Diagon Alley?" Draco snorted. "I don't think so, Potter. We will floo to a place called 'Sloane Boulevard.' Can you repeat that please? I don't want you ending up somewhere dangerous." He gave Harry a mocking smile. "It happened once, Malfoy." Harry objected. "Once! And I was twelve at the time." He took a handful of floo powder and muttered, "I can't believe Ron told you that. SLOANE BOULEVARD!" And he was gone. Draco allowed himself to crack into a grin. "That's better." He double checked to make sure he had his wand and wallet and followed Harry with a whoosh!