It would have gone according to plan except that Donovan MacBay had to get in the middle of it. Donovan 'Broken Nose' MacBay. Now that was a catchy nickname. Much cooler than Boy-Who-Lived. "How do you feel like going on an adventure Draco?" Harry suddenly asked. Draco narrowed his eyes at Harry. "Will it kill me?" "Quite possibly." "Will I need to lie to my wife about this?" "You're married?" Harry asked, surprised by the news. "Who is the unlucky woman?" "If you must know, it's Astoria Greengrass." "In that case, yes. Lie to her. If she ask why you're late, lie. If she ask why you have a red lipstick on your shirt. You lie like your life depended on it." "Why do I need to lie to my wife Potter and why did you even need to know?" "Because in the event of your untimely death, I want her to know that she can come to me for anything Draco." Harry said, winking. "That's what a friend does. He offers his shoulders to the widow." "You're a bastard. You know that Potter?" "I never said I wasn't one." Ministry Sub Basement Level X "Remind me why you couldn't have just portkey here?" Draco asked. "Your magical abilities are off the charts. Surely something as easy as making a portkey would have been faster than us walking..." "It's those damn magic dampening handcuffs earlier. They took more out of me than I anticipated." Harry said, lying through his teeth. "Besides your wife will thank me for making you exercise. When's the last time you did some fieldwork anyway? I think I see a little gut showing." "Shut it Potter or I'll let MacBay know that you're still here." "Someone's sensitive." Harry muttered. He unconsciously grabbed his wand, full well knowing that there was no such thing as magic dampening handcuffs. He just couldn't bring himself to tell Draco or anyone else for that matter that he was weaker than before. That was the reason why he left the Aurors in the first place. He didn't have the magical abilities to continue to be one. Something happened to him after he took down Voldemort. The evil bastard muttered something with his last breathe and Harry felt a slight chill afterwards. He didn't pay much attention to it because he assumed it was just fatigue from the battle. Weeks went by and that's when he noticed that his magic wasn't the same as before but that didn't deter him from completing the Auror academy with Ron. It was a few months after his graduation that he started to pay attention to his own magical core. He discovered that while his core was back normal, he was unable to cast any of his stronger, more destructive spells. It was like someone put a barrier in front of his magic and said you're done Harry. No more powerful and crazy spells for you. "What can I do for you Mister Malfoy and... Mister Potter... What a surprise. I didn't expect you to come down here after you left the Aurors." "Hello Croaker." Harry greeted. "How are you?" "What can I do for you gentlemen today?" Croaker asked, ignoring Harry's greeting and getting straight to the point. "I was wondering if we can borrow everything that you have on death." "If you feel the need to die Mister Potter, please do it someplace else. We are the Department of Mysteries, not a dumpsite for bodies." Croaker sternly answered. "And we do not encourage suicides..." Harry rolled his eyes. "You misinterpreted my question. I'm not looking for ways to die per say. I'm looking for what you know about death itself. We want to investigate her." The pronoun that Harry used caught the other two men by surprise. "Death is a... she?" Croaker asked. "Why would you even label a gender to that?" "What kind of sick fetish are you involved with now Potter? You know what, I don't even want to know." Draco also quickly answered. "How do I get off this crazy boat?" "Shut it Draco." Harry muttered. "Do you or do you not have anything Croaker? This is the Department of Mysteries after all. I'm positive you have something about everything down here." "We may have something Mister Potter. Do you want us to send a copy of everything we have to... an office somewhere?" "Nah." Harry answered, waving his hand nonchalantly. "Just send it to Draco's desk." "You'll have it within the hour." Croaker replied and started to walk away. After a few steps, he stopped and turned his head. "A warning Mister Potter... Death is not to be taken lightly. If you're going to do what I think you're going to do, I would make sure that you don't drag poor Mister Malfoy here with you." "What does he mean by that Potter?" Draco asked, his eyes widened. He turned to Harry who looked surprised as well and then back to the unspeakable who was already gone. "If I die Potter, I swear I'm going to come back and haunt you for an eternity. Everywhere you go, I'm going to be right there. If you're in the shower, I'm there. If you're making love, I'm going to be right there. There won't be a place that you can hide from me!" "When did you become such a drama queen?" Harry retorted. "And why is your badge buzzing? I thought you were on desk duty." Draco ignored Harry and turned over his Auror badge. His eyes quickly skimmed through it and put the badge away. "Not a big deal. Your old buddy Granger reported a break-in at her apartment. They're sending a few Aurors over to check it out." Harry's face quickly went pale. "We have to get over there right now Draco!" "What for? It's just a break-in. She's fine Potter. Stop worrying." "You don't understand you idiot. She has one of the artifacts of death!" Leave me a review!