he done?!" Ron exclaimed. George tweaked the curtain so he could see his brother looking up at the towering display in shock. "It's an entirely new line!" Ron walked around the table, looking at all the shelves and trinkets. "I knew he was busy these last few weeks, but how did he have the time to make an entirely new line of products?" Harry picked up a bright purple box and smiled slowly as he read the back. "I guess he was inspired," he said, looking over at the counter. George dropped the curtain and turned to Seamus, who was eyeing him with a knowing grin. "Ready for the grand reveal?" Seamus asked, and he nodded. Seamus whipped back the curtain and strode through. He spoke quietly to Harry, Ron, and Hermione, waited until they nodded, and then leaped onto the counter in a smooth move that he'd done so often it was now familiar. "Good morning, gorgeous customers!" Fred would have said 'Ladies and Gentleman'. George leaned back against the doorway and watched Seamus. For the first time, he felt he could think about how differently Fred might have done things and not feel an ache in his chest at the knowledge that he was gone. He felt the loss and pain, and he felt the joy of watching someone else do it entirely differently. Two very separate ideas and a grand new whole. "I don't know about you," Seamus continued. "But it's been a bit of a rough year, and sometimes I just want to-" he gestured vaguely, like he was searching for the right word, before suddenly throwing a tiny, egg-shaped object up in the air. It exploded with a soft bang, and the crowd shrieked and ducked. George noticed that only Harry, Ron and Hermione looked unsurprised, and he huffed a laugh as he realised that Seamus must have warned them beforehand. Bright red smoke drifted above their heads, and tiny, golden explosions burst at random intervals amongst it. "Don't you think?" he added with a grin. "We have different sized explosions for every level of frustration — all perfectly safe — but if noise isn't your thing, you might want to try our Silencing Sweets." He jumped off the counter and held up the tiny purple box Harry had been looking at. "We've had a lot of noise these past few years," he said solemnly. "A lot of explosions. Sometimes we just need to make it all," he snapped his fingers, "go away." He set down the box and floated several more in the air. "We have scented cubes — an array of soothing scents complete with Calming and Warming Charms — and music boxes charmed to hold comforting messages and sounds of home. Hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home, but sometimes we want a piece of home with us as well." He cast Quietus and looked around at the silent crowd. "Any questions — you know where to find us." The crowd leaped into action, fighting over boxes and nearly sending the entire display toppling over. Harry, Ron, and Hermione pushed through the crowd to find them. "I didn't know you were interested in this!" Hermione said, excited. "I have loads of ideas if you're looking for more." "It feels like you, George," Ron said, sounding a little awed. "It's-" he looked around at the display shelves, something wistful on his face. "It's really cool." "Well, now I've got my little brother's approval," George said with a grin, "my life is complete. I can pack up shop and do something else." "Shut up," Ron punched him lightly on the shoulder and then moved away to grab several boxes of Eggcellent Explosions. Seamus directed a girl to the small display of Moldy Voldy Reusable Hangmen in the corner, and then handed several boxes of Silencing Sweets to a small boy who couldn't push through the crowd. "I think it's a success," he said to George. George nodded, watching the crowd grab box after box off the display. "Can I talk to you for a second?" he asked Seamus, jerking his head toward the back room. Seamus followed him through and twitched the curtain closed. "Everything alright?" George shoved his hands in his pockets, feeling his cheeks flush. "I just wanted to say thank you." A delightful pink tinge appeared on Seamus' neck, making George feel a little bolder. "If it wasn't for you, I think I'd still be fighting with mum about the best way to prop myself back up and keep going, never really realising what I actually needed." Seamus swallowed. "You don't need a prop," he said, scrubbing the back of his head. "I know." George grinned. Seamus' eyes dropped to George's mouth, and George felt his stomach flip. The room was suddenly too small. "So, thank you," he said again, his voice weak. "You're welcome," Seamus' eyes flicked back up to his, but George couldn't look away from his soft, red lips. George took a step forward. "Can I?" he asked, poised, waiting for Seamus to respond. Seamus grinned, took a step forward and kissed him. The sound of the crowd outside faded away until it was only distant laughter. George's heart leapt, thumping in his chest, and he brought his arms up around Seamus' neck and pulled him close. He tasted like apple, and the kiss was more gentle than he would have imagined from someone so bold and full of fire. "You don't make a habit of saying 'thank you' like this, do you?" Seamus murmured against his lips. "If you do, just let me know now before I grossly misread this situation." George laughed and leaned back to smile at him. "If I ask you out on a date, will that help you read the situation correctly?" "I'll need at least two." For a second, the sound of their laughter swelled above the noise of the shop, before they fell quiet again, distracted, safe, and happy.