dark red hair over his shoulder, and felt another dull blow against his chest. Lily. Sirius brought the bike to a standstill, cutting the engine. He ran for the open door of the house, intent on getting to Hagrid and Harry, but was suddenly distracted by a pale, still figure lying just inside the doorway. James . He threw himself down at his best friend's side, though he knew already that it was hopeless. Choking down a sob, he reached a hand up to feel desperately for a pulse at James' throat. The answering stillness was louder than his own heartbeat. 'Oh Jamie, I'm so sorry,' he said quietly, 'This is all my fault.' He reached up a shaking hand, sliding the lids over James' staring, glassy eyes, just as Hagrid came down the steps. Sirius straightened from the ground as Hagrid stared at him, trying to block James' body from Harry's view. The little boy reached a pudgy hand toward him immediately, his lower lip still trembling. ' 'Adfoo!' Harry called, opening and closing his tiny fist as he strained in Hagrid's arms. 'Hello, Love,' said Sirius, trying to muster a reassuring smile for the baby. He started toward Hagrid, but the giant took a small step backward, holding Harry firmly against him. 'Hagrid, what has happened here?' Sirius asked. 'You Know Who came fer 'em,' said the giant sadly. Sirius could tell that he was fighting his own grief. 'Blew th' place apart, 'e did. An' poor lit'le Harry, all on his own now.' 'And Voldemort?' Sirius pressed, ignoring Hagrid's wince at the sound of the name. 'Gone,' said Hagrid, shrugging his shoulders. 'Weren' no body or anythin' though.' Sirius frowned. 'Where's Dumbledore?' 'Had to 'ead off the Ministry,' Hagrid explained, bouncing Harry a bit to calm him, as the little boy continued to sniffle and try to reach Sirius. 'Ole Bathilda sen' word when the blast wen' off, and Dumbledore ran off for the Minister straight away. 'E wanted me ter get Harry out, 'fore they came lookin' fer 'im.' Sirius nodded his understanding, looking down at the baby. He noticed a lightning-shaped cut across his forehead. 'He's hurt,' Sirius pointed out in concern. 'Jus' a cut, I think,' Hagrid acknowledged. 'Dumbledore'll fix 'im up.' Sirius stepped forward again, looking intently at the half-giant. 'Give Harry to me Hagrid,' he said, softly. 'It's what Lily and James would have wanted. I'm his godfather. I'll look after him.' But Hagrid backed away, shaking his head. 'I'm sorry, Sirius, I am,' he said. 'But Dumbledore's instructions were clear. 'E said Harry's ter go ter his aunt and uncle. 'Thas where 'e'll be protected.' 'He's my godson!' Sirius said sharply. 'He should be with me. Lily and James –' 'Are gone,' said Hagrid, not unkindly. 'It's 'orrible, it is, Sirius. But we've gotta listen ter Dumbledore now – fer Harry's sake. And Dumbledore says e's gotta go ter Surrey.' Sirius hesitated, staring into Harry's beautiful green eyes. He wanted nothing more than to take the child and run – out of the country, if he had to. Away from all this death and destruction. Away from Voldemort, and even from Dumbledore. Lily would not have wanted Harry with her Muggle sister, Sirius was certain. Lily did not even speak to Petunia. But he knew Hagrid was right. And he trusted in Dumbledore's wisdom. He sighed. 'Take my bike then, Hagrid,' he said resignedly. 'And you take care with him. It's precious cargo you're transporting.' Hagrid looked uncertain. 'I can' take it from yeh,' he said. 'Yeh love that motorbike.' 'I won't need it anymore,' Sirius said firmly. He glanced around the deserted street. 'You'd better hurry, before the Ministry or the Muggles start swarming about.' Hagrid nodded, bundling Harry more securely in the blanket in his arms. Sirius moved in again. 'Just let me say goodbye to him?' he asked sadly. Hagrid nodded, and Sirius leaned over the little boy, brushing the soft down of his hair back from his face. Harry's eyes were drooping now, and Sirius knew he had cried himself into exhaustion. 'I love you, Scamp,' he said softly, stooping to kiss Harry gently on the unmarred side of his forehead. Then he stepped back, letting Hagrid pass him onto the street. 'Safe travels,' he said, as the giant swung his leg over the seat of the motorbike. 'And ter yeh,' Hagrid replied, nodding solemnly at Sirius. With a roar, he kicked the bike into gear, and shot off into the sky. Sirius watched them go, fingering the wand in his pocket. The street was awakening now, shouts and mutterings growing louder as curious villagers began to move toward the ruined cottage. He gave one last, devastated glance at the house that held James and Lily's fallen bodies. And then he turned on the spot and vanished; betrayal, fury, and murder in his heart. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Eleven and a half years later, Severus sat at the same table in the Great Hall, quite alone, contemplating the memories of that night as he considered the child he'd left squalling in his nursery cot. The boy was due to return to the castle any day now. He poured himself another measure of whisky, trying to dull his mixed emotions with the bracing alcohol. Trying, valiantly, not to think about Harry Potter… James' son… or Lily's? XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Eleven and a half years later, Sirius Black stared down at an unbelievable black and white photograph, memories flooding through his mind as ran long, dirty fingernails across the moving picture. The Minister was long gone, completely unaware of the incredible information he had imparted with this gift. Sirius had not felt such emotion in years. It burned away the fog of the past decade, clearing his focus. It was not misery he felt now – but purpose, urgency, and hatred. He read the fateful sentence at the end of the article again, one thought planting firmly in his brain. He's at Hogwarts .