and Cedric had just gotten out of kitchens. what happened? he couldn't quite remember. " Oh the poor dear! " he heard a feminine voice say nearby. Mrs. Weasley? What was she doing here? Weren't they all supposed to be in the maze? Suddenly feeling frustrated, Harry sat up, batting Snape's hand away harshly, he noticed vaguely that his legs were bare, his cream white skin gazed back at him through the hospital wing's white gown, hands grabbed at him trying to pull him down, but Harry sighed and ignored them, swinging his legs delicately on the side of the bed, since the left one was hurting for some reason. So he was in the hospital wing, why ? " Harry lie back down." he heard Hermione say, but he pushed himself up, his eyes finally focusing on the faces around him, he shook his head, grabbing his glasses for the night stand. " I'm... I need to do something. " he didn't feel the need to explain himself farther, as he started to walk to the infirmary's tall elegant windows. He heard everyone trail after him like a herd of sheep, with Ron and Hermione hovering beside him in case he fell. He heard a few indignant cries behind him, But he couldn't care less. He felt alone, and he needed Cedric. Where was Cedric anyway? Harry shrugged, they'd meet in the maze. he had to ifnd the boy beforethen, but still. " Harry, mate please go back to your bed. " Ron pleaded, catching Harry by the elbow. Harry shook him off gently. He walked to the window, squinting his eyes to see the sky, the stars, only to see abyss. Only the dark sky without a single star in the sky. " damn, where are they? " Harry whispered. He turned to a cross looking madam Pomfrey. " may I open the windows? " he asked, but didn't wait for an answer as he turned and opened the window, instantly hit by the night's cold breeze. His arms snaked around his waist, rubbing them for warmth as he craned his neck out to see the stars. " This is ridiculous! " Snape said, moving to grab Harry by the elbow. Harry wirled around, catching Snape's hand mid way in a death grip. No one protested, all in a stunned state of shock, no one uttered a word as Harry lowered Snape's left arm, his other hand pushing the sleeve up as Snape glared at him. Harry stared at the dark mark blankly. Following the snake's slithering form on the moving tattoo. he finally snapped out of his catatonic state. " you should get a pain potion for that. " he muttered, letting go of the hand as he turned to watch out of the window again. " Mister Potter! Get back in your bed this instant! You are injured! For merlin's sake boy! " Madam Pomfrey bustled, the first one snapping out of the shocked trance, finally ushering Harry bodily to his bed. Harry didn't protest but his eyes lingered on the black sky all the way back to his bed. He got under the covers, taking off his glasses and putting them on his pillow. " would someone tell Cedric I need to see him tomorrow? " he asked, his eyes drooping as the potion took effect in his system. The sleeping boy thought that he heard several sobs erupting the room as he slept. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX " Potter's gone insane. " Snape declared boldly as he gazed at the sleeping teen. Sirius glowered from his seat next to Harry , only being held back by Remus. Arthur and Molly just glared at him tearfully. Poppy however, hummed thoughtfully. " not necessarily. It could be the drugs, finally taking effect, seeing as we dosed the child with several calming draughts. And if not that, it could simply be the denial. The first stage of grieving. His mind is protecting itself by not processing details, as if he's walking in a daze. " Poppy said, picking up Potter's glasses and putting them away. "Where is Albus ? " Arthur asked suddenly. Looking around the ward. " Ministry. Trying to explain everything to Fudge. " Bill said weakly, still shaken up to see his brother's best friend act like a lunatic. " Where is he staying for the summer? Surely he's not going back to that vile relatives of his? " Molly chewed on her lips, strocking Harry's messy hair, not caring in the slightest that the hair was still caked in dried blood and dirt. " I really don't suggest it. Seeing Potter's mental instability. But knowing Albus it's not a far fetched idea. " Sirius narrowed his eyes, tightening his hold on Remus's shoulder. He was so angry at Dumbledore that he could barely handle the man's name, if only Harry could stay with him... He thought sadly, the grim felt moony shifting under his hold, apparently having the same train of thoughts. Minutes after watching Harry sleep, the group departed, Sirius and Remus, and the Weasley parents to yell at Dumbledore. Bill and Charlie back at their work but promising to return in a few days, the professors went to their respectful houses and Ron and 'mione remaind at Harry's side. No matter what Pomfrey threatened them with, they stayed. finally giving up, the exhausted witch huffed and stalked to her office slamming the door behind her, leaving the other two teenagers to sleep in the uncomfortable side chairs, where they would surely wake up with a cramped back the next day. Ron looked over at Hermione, her eyes drooping sleepily as he leaned against him. He shook his head sadly, damning Voldemort and his deatheaters for ever existing. Things would never be the same again. He concluded. But he would be there for Harry and 'mione every step of the way. And with the final vow the red haired teen fell into a restless sleep.