she. I'll bet she's known for a while. I'll bet she knew even before you did. Is that why she drinks? Is that why—" Harry's fist swung, hard and blindingly fast, connecting with Draco's cheek with the sickening sound of skin meeting bone. Draco staggered back, his hands flying to his face and his grey eyes flashing a predatory warning. Harry's entire body seemed to swell around him, ignited by fury. "Don't you dare talk down about Hermione like that," Harry snarled. "She's none of your business." A thin stream of blood dribbled between Draco's fingers. "I'm a journalist. Everything is my business." Harry surged forward, and Draco barely had a moment to react before Harry was slamming him against the wall, his arm pressed against Draco's throat. "What the hell is wrong with you?" "Says the man who is currently assaulting me." "How the hell can you talk to me like this? Like what happened between us was nothing? Like that article didn't affect you just as much as it affected me?" Something dark flickered across Draco's gaze. His face didn't move and yet his expression seemed to turn itself inside out. It was like he was seeing Harry for the very first time. "Merlin, you're really…?" His breath was soft as a caress against Harry's nose. It sent a pleasant wave of warmth across Harry's skin, skittering to the back of his neck and trickling down the length of his spine. Draco shifted against him, and Harry couldn't help but remember the last time he'd had the other man this close. "Yes?" Harry pressed. "Potter, I didn't know." Draco shook his head. "You have to know that I didn't know. I wouldn't have let you—I really thought you and Granger were…" Harry didn't have the strength to make him finish. He knew what the words were. He'd known for some time now. But it was too late to speak them. He'd made so many promises… "Potter?" It was only then that Harry realized that he'd been staring at Draco's mouth. Blood rushed into his cheeks as he forced his eyes back up. "You really should be getting back to your table," Draco said softly. Draco was right. Harry knew that he was right, and yet his feet refused to move. All he could manage to do was remove his arm from Draco's throat. "Just tell me one thing." "Potter..." "Tell me why you came and talked to me that day on the pitch." Draco's mouth pinched into a thin line. "Tell me," Harry demanded. "There wasn't a reason." "Bullshit!" "It's not bullshit!" Draco flared. "I don't know why I walked over to you. I just did. You were just sitting there all by yourself and you looked younger than I'd seen you look in years, and I thought—" Draco snapped his mouth shut, realizing he'd already said too much. Harry crowded in closer, his hands rising on their own accord to slide around either side of Draco's neck. Draco was stiff as a board beneath his touch, but something about it felt different than when he touched Hermione—like Hermione had built a wall to keep herself in where Draco had built a wall to keep everyone else out. Harry's thumb brushed along smooth skin, and he could feel Draco's pulse like the beat of a hummingbird's wings. "Please," Harry pleaded. "I need to know. You know why I need to know." There was something shattered in the release of Draco's next breath. "I thought that you looked so young—so very young—and I remembered that those years when you were young...were the worst years of your life. And they were the worst of mine. And maybe...maybe I know what it's like to feel like those years haven't ended yet." For a moment, Harry could do nothing but stare, if only because he'd never thought that anyone else would be able to see it. He never told Hermione about the nightmares that still plagued him, or about the visits he still made to gravesites. How could he? They'd made it through together. They had a family. The world was supposed to have righted itself, and Harry wasn't supposed to be feeling...whatever it was he was feeling now. He didn't dare name it. It was too dangerous to name. And yet there was no denying the way that danger drew him in, tilting his head and filling his blood with something intoxicatingly sweet. He couldn't resist it. "Potter...don't—" Was the only plea that Draco could make before their lips met. For a moment the world went still; silently and achingly still. And then Draco's lips parted beneath his own, and it was like a struck match meeting tinder. Harry's heart soared as Draco melted against him, his fingers carding through his hair and pulling him impossibly closer. Something about it felt like breathing after being underwater for too long. The pressure in his chest that had been growing for so long he'd forgotten it existed, released, and Harry swore he was floating. Drifting off the floor upwards towards the stars. "Daddy?" In the span of an instant, Harry felt the world crash around him. He shoved himself away from Draco, panic rushing up his throat like bile as he turned to find Melanie standing just behind them. He only had a moment to catch her eyes, already wet and gleaming, before she raced off around the corner back into the ballroom. "Shit," Draco breathed, his hands falling back to his sides. Harry couldn't breathe. He turned back to face Draco, but that only seemed to make things worse. "I'm sorry," Harry choked out. A shutter closed behind Draco's expression as he retreated back behind his wall. "Tell her whatever you need to." "Draco, I—" "Go, Potter. We have nothing more to say to one another." Abruptly, Harry turned, refusing to let Draco see the tears welling up in his eyes as he took off after his daughter. A/N: Thanks for reading!