but I do have someone looking out just in case, so I know that nothing too bad is happening or I would have been informed" Said Dumbledore gently, thinking a bit more before continuing "But if it will ease your mind, I will pay them a visit as soon as the Easter Holiday is over" "Why not sooner?" "Because I'm sure they intend on staying in the house of this relative you mention for the duration of the holiday and I don't want to intrude too much and make them even more scared them what you said they were" Severus gave Dumbledore another intense look, he knew that the man had a strong agreement with Lily's sister and all the reasons why the boy had to live with her, but something had set him off when he saw the state of the boy, something that had hit a sore spot of his own childhood and he couldn't shake it off. Unfortunately, the only thing he could do was to trust Dumbledore, so he agreed with him, hoping that a visit would scare Petunia enough to start treating the boy a little better. And he could always pay her a surprise visit, just to make sure, after all, Lily would have been horrified if she knew what her own sister was doing to her son. About this chapter. So what originated this story was my desire to read something where Harry and Draco had the chance to grow together or be friends, but also something close to canon. Here obviously it's the diversion point between canon and my story, so a few things aren't still in place. One thing that usually made me uncomfortable in this kind of story is the "Good Malfoys" thing. For me the Malfoys really believe in blood purity and tradition, if anything I think they believe it even more than Voldemort himself, because they are actually pureblood and because they're from families with tradition and respect and a strong name, so for me, even if they weren't with Voldemort, they would be 'good'. But there's one thing I know there are: a loving family. And love is a very complicated thing, because most people think it has to be pretty or for you to love you have to be good. The Malfoys in my view do love each other very much, in fact we can see bits of it all over the books, the most visible, obviously, is Narcisa's love for her son, but I don't think Lucius loved Draco any less, just different, in the end he does go around Hogwarts in the middle of war screaming for his son, I think that says a lot about him in that aspect. So this is something that is going to play out a lot in this story and is the canon I believe in, that says the Malfoys aren't good but they love each other. Also, there's something on Pottermore about how Lucius thought Harry was going to become the next dark lord or something and how a lot of Death Eaters thought Harry only needed the right kind of influence to became one of them. In fact that makes a lot of sense, because you can't know if a baby is good or bad until it develops character and Voldemort himself asked Harry to join him in the first book, so I believe a lot of people would have interest in a young Harry. This is what I'm playing with, Lucius is not interested on saving Harry from his awful family, but he want to get close to the boy, see if he is what he's expecting and use this to give Dumbledore some trouble. Severus is also going to play a part in this, but no, he would be the Severus that suddenly feels sorry for Harry and starts liking him, in this story he will be very much the man we see on the books and that includes his contradictions. He's going to be like roller-coaster, full of ups and downs. I will talk more about him in other chapters, but so far I have only talked a bit about his relationship with the Malfoys. I think Snape being Draco's godfather is just a headcanon, but it's a good one, so I'm using it, also I put a little bit of what his relationship with the Malfoys are, Narcisa went to his house to ask for help on book six and she said he and Lucius were friends, I like to think they not only had a past, but a continuous relation. About POV, I'm going to keep changing it, but it's going to have more of Harry soon. Also about Harry. In a lot of fanfictions where Harry's living situation with the Dursleys is found out, he usually is a traumatized kid. Now the Harry we see in book one is a sassy kid with enough gut to go and fight Draco because he is a bully and I think kid Harry is just as strong, but with a very strong Slytherin trait: he's cunning. He makes fun of Dudley from behind his back, he thinks his sassy comments, but he doesn't actually say them because he knows he will get in trouble. As the books goes, Harry stops doing the things he usually did do please the Dursleys and let his true personality take charge, in fact he even goes into a rebellious phase in book 5. Now, in this story, Harry is five, he's not the same kid from book one, but he has the makings of it, so he's going to be wary of limits because he still following the Dursley's rule, but he won't be a traumatized boy, as he gets comfortable with the situations around him, we're going to see more of the Harry as we know him. Anyway, so far I think this is it. I hope you guys like it and see you next chapter!