the earth around her shook with her terror. A puddle had formed beneath her, and Wormtail wrinkled his nose as he took a small step out of range. 'I… I have nothing , sir,' the woman squeaked. 'Please! I swear it – I… I don't know this Order, or any of your… your followers. I haven't spoken to Dumbledore since I left school almost twenty years ago! There is nothing I can –' 'I think,' Lord Voldemort said lazily, 'That I would prefer to be sure, Bertha. I would prefer to see, for myself…' 'My Lord?' Wormtail questioned in a hoarse whisper. 'If… if there is a block upon her memory…' 'Charms can be broken, Wormtail,' he replied. 'You, of all wizards, ought to remember that much. But to do so shall require the use of a wand…' Wormtail swallowed heavily, raising the Dark Lord's own in shaking hands. 'I can… I shall try,' he said. 'If you can tell me –' Lord Voldemort laughed again. 'Oh no, Wormtail,' he disagreed. 'No… I shall need to do this one myself. But you… you would do well not to resist…' He moved closer. Wormtail realised, at the last moment, what he planned to do. His beady eyes went wide in alarm, the flash of an instinct to flee ran through his thoughts… But it had happened before he could move. He opened eyes that were not his; raised a mangled, sweaty hand. The woman was sobbing, her eyes bugging out as she watched him advance – his own stride more straight-backed and confident than this body had ever known. He could feel the turmoil of Wormtail's panic, trapped as he was in the recesses of his own mind… but Lord Voldemort's magic was far more powerful. The wand, even held in Pettigrew's hand, could feel its master's Core within. The reunion sent a wave of heat through his borrowed bones and, as he flexed Wormtail's fingers over its handle, the yew wand sent forth a burst of green light that sheared the nearest oak tree in two. He turned it on the woman, the heady sense of purpose he had so missed these long years building in his soul… It was hours later that he finally released his servant, returning to his own pitiable state. He had debated remaining. Weak and pathetic though the wizard might be… it was a body. A human body. And he had not had that prospect for more than two years. But to perform magic, through another, was difficult and draining… even with his own precious weapon. Quirrell he could allow to cast on his own; but Quirrell had not been believed dead. Quirrell could mingle in society – Wormtail could not. If he had to flee because Wormtail was discovered, he would be without a servant, once again. And even still, prolonged possession could kill Pettigrew before Lord Voldemort had obtained what he needed. The risk was too great… and he must not squander another opportunity. Not when Peter – foolish, pathetic little Peter – had unwittingly handed him the greatest opportunity he had seen since the moment he fled that accursed nursery, through this Ministry witch… Not when there was another out there… one who could assist in helping him to rise again… Not when there was a way to get to Harry Potter… No. He needed a body of his own. Wormtail moaned, coming to on the leaf strewn ground. He clutched at his head as he pulled himself to his knees. His watering eyes focused on the woman. She was not weeping, any longer. She, perhaps, might have been useful for possession… but no soul could inhabit her body now. She was a ruined husk: staring vacantly through unseeing eyes; bits of spittle and blood oozing from the corner of her mouth, smearing the pink lipstick she had worn when she so unwisely entered the roadside inn. Lord Voldemort had severed her bonds. There was no longer a chance that she might flee. Her limbs were askew at unnatural angles, their flesh battered and leaking. Most of the wounds he could not have repaired even should he be inclined to do so. There had been no choice. Her information was far more valuable than her pitiful shell. 'You will have heard everything, Wormtail,' he observed. 'Ye…yes, my Lord,' the man whispered back. 'If he is alive…' 'I cannot make the journey back like this,' the Dark Lord continued. 'There is a task I must complete… and then, I shall need a body, for the transport.' 'You… you wish to use mine?' Pettigrew asked, his terror paramount once more. 'No,' Lord Voldemort answered. 'Yours is ill-adept for such a purpose, and for such a time. But you will help me to create one… a temporary solution, until I can truly rise again. Take the woman's wand… it, perhaps, might bend more easily to your inferiority.' 'Anything,' the man said, bowing low again in his relief. 'Anything you need, my Lord, I shall do it. You have my undying –' 'I will need to rest, before we might begin,' he said. 'There is a cave, just beyond the ridge. Come… you will need to milk Nagini.' The man rose to unsteady feet, brushing the forest from his knees. He lumbered forward to retrieve the woman's weapon. Then he paused, staring down at her broken form. 'What of the girl, my Lord?' 'Keep her, for now,' the Dark Lord insisted. 'I will have a use for her yet.' 'My Lord, she is damaged beyond repair,' Wormtail pointed out, looking ill. 'Yet she is alive,' Voldemort countered. 'And thus, she can be killed.' 'My Lord?' Wormtail asked in confusion. 'Death can serve a purpose, Wormtail,' the Dark Lord explained. 'And hers… hers will. Come, Nagini ,' he finished in parseltongue. The great snake gave a compliant hiss, and followed her master's shadow toward the cave. More than a thousand miles away, Harry Potter screamed himself awake.