Although they were good people indeed, he didn't feel very safe near the drunken chieftain and his wild daughter. He followed them to the forest. " There there, hush, Méav..." Sinéad's comforting soft voice wiped the tears from the girl's face. Méav tightly grasped her sister's dress and began to sob. " What's wrong with your sister, good woman?" The Headmaster of Hogwarts asked. " We don't know. She's always been like that. I asked the spirits and they say it weren't them what is upon her. She is a little bit sensitive I think. Not really suitable to keep company rough warriors such as Eimear or our father." There was a noise of breaking the pottery coming from the fire in the distance. " I guess it's father's liquor joy again, combined with the enthusiasm of Eimear. I better check on them before there is a tragic killing taking place in our family. Please look after her, Albus." Sinéad disappeared in the darkness. Dumbledore felt as if someone asked him to babysit an infant. He had no children himself and had no idea what he should do with an overreactive teenage daughter. He carefully placed his warm hand on her shoulder and thought hard what to do next. "' Tis not I do-want to speak to ye!" Wailed the youngest daughter, in her teens she could be, "my father'n'sisters are such better people than I am! They know how to fight and how to lead us and they tell me I don't know what they do, and indeed I don't, I've been but a burden to them all!" She squeaked. Dumbledore smiled softly. Apparently, children of wild warriors had the very same problems as many students at Hogwarts, and THAT was, after all, an area he knew well… He imagine his office, in which he would be talking to a first year little girl who is alone from her family for the first time and feels like the most pointless thing in the whole castle. He pulled out his wand. " Méav, do you know why I am here?" She shook her head and wiped her nose. Dumbledore bent a little to meet her sad blue eyes. " My people are the same as your people are," he began slowly, "we also use magic, however, differently than you do. We use it to make our daily lives better. Our world is hidden from the ordinary people. We select children who have abilities to perform magic and we teach them in a school. Have you been to a school?" She shook her head again, now she was not sobbing and she was listening to him with interest. " There is a boy," he continued, "whose parents were killed by an evil man who studied magic in the school as well. The boy managed to make the evil man weak because his mother sacrificed for him and today, the boy is celebrated as a hero. But we still have to protect him, because we– I– think that he would have to face the evil man again in the future. And I am here to find help how to protect him until he learns what is necessary to learn. You understand?" She nodded and peeped: "Take my sister then. Not Eimear, Sinéad. If yer need magic and protection, that is what she does all the time for me– for us." He stared in wonder. He never planned to do something like that. But he realised it would be wonderful! He could observe her skill and the castle would be much safer at the same time. He knew he couldn't get to see enough to effectively protect the castle no matter how many nights he would stay with the tribe, he was sure they wouldn't even allow him to stay for such a long time. He smiled. " Méav, you are a very intelligent young lady. Look," he gently wiped a tear from her cheek and waved his wand. A necklace appeared in his palm, a stone of the shape of a tear, glowing light blue light and emanating a slight warmth. He handed it to Méav whose eyes widened in amazement. " In this necklace, there is all your strength and bravery hidden in one single tear of yours. If you don't want to, you will never feel weak again." She hesitatingly took the necklace and tied it up behind her neck. She smiled and the necklace retrieved her happiness in the form of a little strand of joyful energy reverberating through her body. " Father started a riot again about who will marry me," Sighed Sinéad coming back to where Dumbledore and Méav stood. He raised his eyebrows. "You are about to be wed?" " My father would like me to be wed." She smirked wryly, "however, none of the violent warriors are suited for me. My own soul tells me that. When I get angry about this topic I tell him I'll marry The Dark Spirit of the Night if he doesn't stop prattling on about marriage. And he knows I am pretty well able to do that." Her eyes met Méav's glowing necklace. "What is this?!" " I just sold ye for a necklace," said Méav with the feeling of satisfaction on her face about what a bargain she had made. " WHAT?!" " Your sister is right, Sinéad," Dumbledore's eyes glittered with mischief and when he saw Sinéad's unbelieving face he started laughing. "No worries, my dear, the question is whether or not would you like to come with me and help to save the world?" " Do you mean good faith, old man?" " Indeed I do. I don't want your help for nothing, you will be paid for that as any other respectable woman would be." " Very well then," she folded her arms on her chest, "under one condition." He raised his eyebrows again. " I will take with me what is dearest to myself."