muggle money set on the paper. Harry looked around and picked up the note, he unfolded the paper. Don't get in my way, don't make loud noises, don't be out of the house without permission and don't come down into my labs, keep the room clean and don't use all of the hot water. The money is for groceries, don't waste it. Upstairs first room on the left. I expect your summer essays lying on this table from this moment on each afternoon, and absolutely no flying in or out of the house. Do not make me angry. Or you'll face the consequences. S. Snape Harry reread the note and then awkwardly put it down on the table, only Snape could make him feel all shaky in a note, he still sounded like a terrifying git even on a paper. He let his breath slowly and took the money, wondering if he should leave for groceries now to get some air. But thought against it, it was too early in the morning, he would go for a grocery soon anyways. Regrettably the young boy dragged his trunk up the flight of stairs, as quietly as possible so he wouldn't alert Snape. If the man was so set on ignoring that Harry even existed, then why did he accepted this arrangements in the first place? Was he getting paid or something? Or perhaps his job was on the line? First door on the left. Harry turned the knob anxiously and stepped back, watching the door creak open. Snape hadn't even entered the room, it seemed in ages, the room was dust free like the rest of the house. But the furniture... The room was modest, definitely bigger than his own bedroom at the Dursleys and a tad smaller than Ron's room, wooden floor, small paned window with no curtain and a battered dresser topped with a old and worn out and ancient bed with Grey comforters was the sight that met Harry as he stepped in the room. Harry sighed, pulling the trunk behind him, he was really lucky that he had brought his own comforter, well technically it was Hermione's hundred piece quilt, but who cared? Hermione was a too busy with Ron and her studies to worry about a quilt. Harry unpacked quickly, his stomach was growling, he didn't have any breakfast and he had skipped lunch to wander around and look for Snape. The mere thought of cooking in that battered kitchen made his guts churn, but Harry didn't let it get to him. The kitchen was empty, in fact, it was the way Harry had left it in the first place, with note and money still sitting on the table and the chairs still scattered. Not realizing that he was holding his breath, Harry opened the fridge, only to be met by its emptiness. Nothing was in the fridge, nothing even as simple as eggs or milk. Harry worried his lip and closed the fridge. The boy wandered off to the cabinets checking every drawer or cupboard, trying to find something edible. Even the plates looked unwashed for quite some time, Harry mused, trying to keep his rising panic at hay. By now his stomach was throwing a fit, growling and demanding food. Harry sighed as he found nothing and picked up the money, turned out I have to go to the grocery store sooner than I realized, he thought. Harry had mixed feelings about this, on one hand grocery shopping was one of his favorite parts of cooking, but on the other hand Snape said to not to leave the house. It's his own fault anyway, leaving me in this damn house with nothing to survive with, Harry thought angrily but decided to leave a note in case Snape decided to show up. He threw his clothes on quickly, making sure to grab a light sweater just in case it got cold, and got out of the house. After looking around the neighborhood, the teenage boy took off with his hands deep in his pockets, mindlessly twirling the key chain in his palm. He had no idea how to deal with this new situation. He was expected to live with Professor Snape for two years until he got of age, apparently because the Dursleys have unexpectedly moved out of their house and the wards have fallen. Seeing as the Weasleys, and Dumbledore were both obvious choices and it wasn't quite as safe, Snape of all people has agreed to take him in. At first Harry flat out refused, he'd rather die than spend more than three hours with Snape, much less /live/ with him. And in a place like this... He mused, looking around, he could just imagine aunt Petunia sneering in disgust and uncle Vernon sputtering in indignation. But on the other hand, he had to do this, he couldn't let anyone else getting hurt because of him, the mere thought of losing his family the way he has lost Sirius and Cedric was unbearable. Sirius. He exhaled slowly, looking around for a local store, he couldn't think about it. A whole month after the incident, and he couldn't even thing about the man's name. And Remus, gazing at him with those disappointed hazel eyes, barely containing himself from blaming Harry for what had happened. They all did, to some extent, even Molly was angry at him for a while, but they never said anything, Sirius's death seemed like punishment enough, so instead of tongue lashings and glares Molly and Arthur took him in after the school term ended. Until Professor Dumbledore came along. Harry squinted his green eyes behind his glasses, gazing at a small dingy store with flickering lights. Oh well, the boy shrugged and quickened his pace. Better this than nothing he supposed. Harry huffed, and bit his lip, looking up at the grey sky. Things will never be the same again. He thought before striding towards the shop. review please ;)