while. "After hearing Mum bitch for years about how much morning sickness we gave her, it wasn't hard to figure out." "No one else knows?" "No, I kept it secret. But they'll have to, eventually." "I have time to think. Mione knows." "She does?" "She figured it out when she found me puking in the bathroom earlier." "Who's the father?" Silence. "Gin?" "I can't." "Ever?" "Not if I can help it." "Won't he know when word gets out?" "I'll lie and say it isn't his." "Ginny, come on. That's not right." "You'll kill me. You'll hate me. I can't." "No matter who it is, you need to tell them. They have the right to know. Do the right thing, even if it's Malfoy." She stiffened and he felt her stop breathing. "Oh Merlin, Gin... did he hurt you?" "I can handle it." "That's not what I asked." "We did it a few times, then he freaked and ignored me the rest of camp. He found me in the bathroom before I came back in here and tried to help because I was barfing up a lung, but I told him to get lost among other things. Said go back to being cold-hearted Malfoy because nice Malfoy is too weird to deal with." Ron snorted. "He kept trying to help, offered to get a professor, but I got mad and now I feel bad because he really was just trying to help… he looked hurt before he put his aloof mask back in place and stalked off." "Malfoy? Hurt?" "He has feelings just like we do, Ron. Don't forget what he did in the war." Ron sighed. "Well, at least that means he isn't actually an icicle. He needs to know about this, Gin." "I really don't want him to… I can still say it's someone else's." "Why are you so reluctant?" "I don't want custody battles. I don't want the drama. I just want to raise it around love and support." "How do you know he wouldn't be able to provide that, too?" She sat up and looked at him. Really looked at him. He hated when she did that; it felt like she was staring into his soul. "When did you grow up?" "You know it was the war." "I know, but… you're so different. If this happened before the war, you'd have lost your marbles." "We lost a lot of people. I almost lost my best friend and our brother. It made me re-think a lot of things, and if it wasn't for Malfoy, we would have lost Fred." She looked down at her knees. "I know." "He deserves to know, Gin. He's not a bad person. He won't fight you for custody. And, even if he does, you'll have a mob of angry Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione to back you." She laughed. "Thanks, Ron." He pulled her into another hug. "I know I haven't been the best brother. My temper gets in the way of any sort of logic, I was too protective, sexist, didn't pay much attention to you… but that's changed and you can come to me for anything. I won't judge you." "Same here, Ron." Ron saw Hermione at the door through the window, and she smiled. He motioned for her to come in, so she sat across from them. Ginny smiled at her from Ron's chest. "Ron knows." "I figured as much." "He's known for days, apparently." Hermione looked surprised. "You know, aside from hearing my whole life all about how much torture we put mum through, we did have sex ed." "I didn't think you paid attention," Hermione snarked. They all laughed. "So," Ron began, "when will you tell Harry?" "NO!" Ginny shouted, startling Ron and Hermione. "He can't know. Not until the last possible moment." "What?" Hermione exclaimed. "Why?" "I'm already stressed out and crazed as it is. The last thing I need is his hero complex kicking in and thinking he has to step up and be some sort of father figure to this baby. Knowing him, he'll probably trick himself into thinking he has feelings for me again." "Ginny..." "No, Hermione." "But he's our best friend! He'll feel really put out when he finds out that Ron and I have known and didn't tell him. He'll be so hurt and angry... I don't think there's a good reason to keep him from knowing. You don't have long before you start showing anyway, and how can you expect him to not find out? Please don't put Ron and I in this position." "Don't put YOU in this position?" Ginny's voice was on a dangerous level of low. "I didn't tell you. YOU found out! Both of you found out! I wasn't going to tell you until I started to show and could gather my wits about me! I'M the one in a position, here! If you want to tell him, be my guest! But I refuse to deal with his shit! I'll direct him over to you and YOU can deal with it." Hermione looked so conflicted that Ron decided to butt in. "Mione, you know he's likely to step up and either pester Ginny about who the father is or try to take over. He's protective. I love him, but he's intense when he thinks he needs to protect. He'll treat Ginny like glass." "I know he will! But it's going to happen anyway." She looked out the window. "I think you should tell him, but more importantly, I think you should tell the father." "Obviously he'll find out. But I am not telling him soon, especially not today. Leave me alone about it and stop being so righteous. Let me do this MY way, not yours." Hermione stood. "Fine. You're right. I have to go back to the Head compartment, anyway. I only snuck away to see how you were doing." "I'm fine. I just need to do things my way. See you later." "See you at dinner."