he didn't care if he drew blood, keeping a tight leash on his magic was more important at the moment. He didn't think the goblin would like it if he trashed his office. "Also 2000 galleons had been taken in your first year of school to buy a .. broomstick, and 3500 galleons had been used to buy tickets to the quidditch world cup last year." "I'll kill them" he hissed. He thought that the broom he got in first year was a gift instead they used his money and bought the most expensive kind they could find, the old bastard probably wanted the lions to win at all costs and if the exclusive broom cause him to be target of jealousy and insults even better.. and the world cup.. they said that Mr. Weasley got the tickets from a colleague instead he paid for all of them! He could have been happy to do so if they asked but to steal from him for such a stupid thing as quidditch.. He really didn't know what to think anymore. "I would offer you a calming draught normally but it won't be good for the ritual later. We can take a break though so you can calm down and eat something light." Usually goblins didn't care for humans and their stupid emotions but he couldn't help but feel respect for this little wizard. He was still strong after all the shit the wizarding world and Dumbledore had pulled on him. Oh, he didn't doubt that he would rage and cry as soon as he was with someone he cared someplace safe. But for a child so young he was strong, not only in magic but in mind. If there was something goblins respected above all else it was strength. "Thank you. I'm sorry for my reactions.." "It's understandable" §§ After a very light breakfast and another serious talk Harry decided that he would get emancipated and accept his lordships. Since he was the last male descendant of his line, as heir of the Most Noble and Ancient House of Potter, he was eligible for emancipation. Something he could have done at thirteen he was informed and also his participation in the triwizard tournament made the emancipation a mere formality. Since the rules stated that only of age wizards could compete when they failed to pull him out of the contest magic recognized him as an adult. The procedure was simple enough, signing a few papers to send to the ministry and then wear his lordship rings. Bloodfang also told him that the rings and the family magics would help him and protect him during the ritual after he accepted the lordships. The Potter ring was the first, it was gold with a ruby and the family crest carved on it representing two swords crossed with a stag in the middle of jumping over them. The Gryffindor ring was a rose gold with a big ruby with an engraved griffin in the middle and three smaller rubies on either side in a line, on the inside were carved protection runes. Those were the easy ones, the others needed to accept him. Bloodfang presented him with the heir ring for the house of Black, since Sirius was alive and he was the rightful Lord (or would be as soon as he claimed it). Right now the ones eligible as heir were Harry and Draco Malfoy. Normally Draco would have been the first to claim the title as heir, since he was born fist, and see if the magic accepted him, but since Harry was now an adult he could try before him. It was up to the Black family magic to choose who was best suited. The goblin was confident that Harry would be chosen though not only because his relation to the main Black line was stronger through his grandmother and his godfather both, but also because of his extremely strong magic and the metamorph abilities of the Black line that showed in him. Harry looked at the heavy white gold band with a black onyx in the middle circled by little diamonds, the image of a grimm was etched in the stone and the family motto 'Always pure' was inscribed on the inside. He took a deep breath and slid it on his finger. He felt like magic was studying him, probing and searching for something. The band around his finger started to get warm and he was afraid it would start to burn and cut off his finger after deeming him unworthy, but then it stopped and with a happy pulse of magic it cooled down. He was the Black heir. He breathed deeply realizing that he was holding his breath and his lungs were screaming for oxygen. The next ring presented to him was the Peverell one. It was white gold too with a sapphire on it and the symbol of the deathly hollows on it. Pretty simple in comparison to the others. He felt it probe around but accepted him quite quickly. The last one was the one that scared him the most. Slytherin. It was a thick white gold band in the shape of two snakes coiling their heads around the emerald in the middle with an elegant S on it and runes in parseltongue carved on its surface. When he put in on it started hissing and the magic 'slithered' all over him like it was a snake, scenting him. He felt it battle with his own magic and after what felt like a lifetime it submitted to him with a low hiss of acceptance. "Congratulation. As of today you are Harrison James Potter Gryffindor Peverell Slytherin. Lord of the Most Noble and Ancient House of Potter, Lord of the Most Noble and Most Ancient Houses of Gryffindor, Peverell and Slytherin. Heir of the Most Noble and Most Ancient House of Black." "That's.. quite a mouthful." He deadpanned. He would need ages to sign things now!