Is that it? Did he find out that I knew about it or—" Draco launched forward, his fist slamming into Harry's nose. Harry reeled back, but Draco was back upon him in an instant, grabbing him by the shoulders and shoving him back. They fell to the ground together, Draco's fists slamming into every bit of flesh they could find. Heat flared through his veins as Harry's breath whooshed out of his mouth and his body writhed. And then, something inside of Harry seemed to break. Draco felt it, curling under the cords of strong muscle and bone. With a surge, Harry retaliated, fists flailing and feet kicking at anything they could hit. Draco remembered this—remembered it like he remembered breathing. The mad scramble of limbs. The fierce need to dominate, to control, to move . He felt himself come alive beneath the warmth of Harry's blows, and Merlin, all he could think was, finally . He wanted more…more of whatever this was. More rage. More heat. More release from the numb anger that had held him captive all the months since he'd made Harry forget. Somewhere along the way Draco lost himself in the warm slide of their bodies, his hands uncurling and trading punches for scratches along tender skin, and snarls for heady bites where teeth sought bone. The sound of Harry's gasp jarred Draco back to reality. He went very still, the weight of his body heavy and tense on top of Harry's. Draco pulled back slightly, the urge to lick Harry's neck so overwhelming it was making him dizzy. "I hate you, Potter." Draco moved his hand up to Harry's throat, as if he could suffocate the emotion tearing through him if only he squeezed hard enough. "I hate you so much that I can't stand it. Why can't you just leave me alone?" He couldn't take it anymore. He couldn't stand living in a world where nothing except this felt real. "Merlin…you can't even fathom how much I hate you." To make matters worse, he knew Harry could feel it too. Knew it, like he knew his own name. Harry was once again looking in all of the wrong places for the thing that would fill that void of darkness inside of him. He was reverting back to the misplaced rage that their fights had always allowed them to dispel, but…something about it was different now. And Draco wasn't strong like Harry was—he didn't know how much longer he could refuse the temptation. Draco pushed out a heady breath, and his ears rang with the sound of Harry's responding whine. The sound was like being doused with a bucket of ice water. Draco jerked back, leaping to his feet and sprinting away down the hall. He was too close to losing control—too close to undoing all of the mistakes he'd rectified. This wasn't supposed to happen. Losing Harry wasn't supposed to unravel him like this; rip him apart at the seams and leave him hopelessly broken. What if…what if making Harry forget had been the wrong thing to do? What if… Draco shook his head, slowing to a walk and collapsing against a wall. His lungs burned as he pulled oxygen into them, and the rough stone bricks scraped painfully against the skin on Draco's forehead. There was no point in letting his thoughts wander into that territory. No matter how talented he was at mind altering magic, there was no undoing an obliviation spell. There was no undoing all of the things that he'd done. Draco took in a deep, rattling breath, his hand curling into a fist against the wall. Unless… Thunder boomed and lightning flashed across the midnight sky, slicing clean through the dark clouds that seemed to have settled themselves directly over Malfoy Manor. Rain poured down in heavy sheets, turning the grassy fields to mud and causing the trees to bend and moan under the strain of the roaring wind. Draco trudged across the grounds, mud clinging to his boots and tugging against each step. This was insane. Draco knew this was insane, but he didn't care. The Prophet headline had said that Harry and Ginny were engaged to be married and he didn't care . Draco's grip tightened on the basilisk fang knife as he made his way over to the manor graveyard. An expansive stone archway, covered in vines and moss marked the graveyard's entrance, and Draco felt a wave of cold settle over him as he stepped through the threshold. Marble headstones lay in scattered plots, sheltered from the worst of the storm by the large willow trees that towered overhead. Draco pushed his way through the draping vines, ripping away the branches that caught on his robes as he made his way over to his parents' graves. Their headstones were tall and unabashedly ornate, the marble etched with snakes intertwined with birds-of-paradise and baby's breath. Draco stopped just shy of the mounds, his breath catching in his throat. He had to do it. He had to. Because there was no way he could go on living like this. There was no way he could continue living this hollow shell of an existence—not when he knew what it felt like to have the very depths of his soul infected with life. And that was what Harry had done to him, wasn't it? He'd infected him—spread this disease throughout Draco's mind and body and made it impossible to exist without the parasite of his love. He couldn't move forward like this. He wasn't strong enough. He'd never been the selfless hero. Lightning ripped through the clouds, a blinding white flashing over the graveyard before falling into darkness once more. With a shuddering breath Draco raised the knife and pressed the blade to his wrist. His skin prickled where the thin edge of bone sat, perched against a pulsing vein. "Harry," Draco whispered the name softly, letting his eyes fall shut as magic rippled around him. "I love you."