that told nothing. She was neither frowning nor smiling, as she did often. Maybe that's what got Dolohov so angry with her. He'd expect her to cry, to beg, to revolt. Instead, she stood there like a statue and answered him indifferently: "Of course." He raised his wand, pointing it at her, and gave a hideous sly smile which was foretelling what he was about to do next. Suddenly, his movements froze and he moved no more. As if anyone stopped the motion from finishing. "How many times am I to repeat the orders for you?" A voice sounded from the doorway. "The orders are clear: to take over the hotel with the absolutely necessary staff. Use as little harm as possible. Which part didn't you understand?" "Stop curbing me, Snape." Spat Dolohov and gave his companion a fierce glaze. "I know the orders well enough." Ailish turned on the spot and walked out from the room. When she was passing by Snape, she heard his voice: "Has the gentleman dismissed you?!" "No." She whispered and turned back to Dolohov with her face as unchanged as before. "Anything else, Sir?" "You are not to have your wand. At least for the time being." Ailish wasn't even surprised. It could be said that at that time, she expected anything to happen. So she wasn't even surprised. "Indeed. What else?" "What else!" Dolohov spat and pointed his wand at her, his hand shaking with anger. "What else! Did you hear that ghastly worm, Snape? She asked me as if I were her bloody dog or something!" "She asked you perfectly fine, Dolohov." Snape replied, his hands folded on his chest as he was leaning onto the doorframe. "That'll teach her the lesson." Dolohov smiled and this time, Ailish wasn't spared the Cruciatus curse. She just shut her eyes and clenched her teeth. She was proud of herself that she didn't make a sound. "Bloody creatures those girls! They can endure- so- much!" Raged Dolohov, hitting her again and again. "Stop it, Dolohov. She was already punished." Growled Snape. Ailish was swearing and scrubbing the floor of her cabinet that was now her only shelter. Her stuff was piled on the old dusty sofa and Ailish swore to replace it as soon as she would be finished with the dust. Everything was much harder when she couldn't use her wand. At least the guests are out, she thought, so that they don't see me labouring here like a slave. She felt so poor, so low. She didn't even feel like a witch, like the daughter of her parents. She felt like a failure. When she moved the sofa to scrub the floor underneath, she noticed her silver necklace lying on the floor in the corner. And she was sure this wasn't where Dolohov had thrown it. She was wondering at the state of things and enjoying her solitude. This was the only time Ailish had for herself. Otherwise, she was expected to wait on Dolohov and Snape, or to show them all files she had in the drawers, or to cook, or to clean. Something big was about to happen, the men were both nervous and peeved. "Am I wanted, Sir?" She gave a start as she noticed the Death Eater standing at the door. "No, no." He answered somehow mildly, closed the door behind him and said: "You mentioned having dreamt about me. What was in the dream?" "Nothing significant." She said blankly. She didn't give a damn about the conversation, and he could see that. She was answering him as if he were a Ministry clerk in a filling office. God knows if she felt a feeling of familiarity for him after all this, she herself didn't know if she did, but even if that were so, she wouldn't show it. She couldn't help herself dreaming of his peaceful years at Hogwarts so much. Isn't it always the case when you think you lost something? She could feel his penetrating look even though she wasn't looking at him. "Don't be so strange with me, Ailish." He growled, half whispering. "You happened to be strange with me, Sir." She whispered. "There was Dolohov and all the other people…" He murmured by the corner of his mouth. What was that supposed to mean? She stood up, letting go of the brush. She stood there in front of the Death Eater, her hair loose and wavy, her eyes crystal clear, dressed in an apron and old skirt and shirt. "How are you feeling?" He asked softly, stepping closer to her and lowering his voice as he did so. Now they stood only a few inches apart, he being taller than she was. They stood as close so that they could hug each other, or kiss each other. But that hadn't been even thought of by any of them. They were just standing this close and avoiding each other's face. "What do you mean?" She asked indifferently. "Has the Cruciatus curse had any maleficient effect?" "No, I hope not, no." She stummered and blushed. Why did she blush? "Grave things are going to happen." He growled, barely audible, standing as close to her as possible so that no one else could hear, even if they were standing behind the door. "Horrible things?" She whispered. "Don't be stupid again, Ailish." He growled. Her head was spinning around to have him so close. She closed her eyes and patiently waited for his next move. "I'm needed." He murmured quetly, turned abruptly around and rushed away. She stood there in her ragged clothes, uncapable of thinking rationally of the situation. She then shrugged her shoulders and continued decluttering the closet. As soon as she was done with the mess, she had a shower, changed her clothes and went to ask a permission to go and buy a new bed. The permission was granted and so she went. Please leave a review, it's much appreciated! Thank you loads! :-)