you go to Hogwarts," Minerva said kindly from behind me. "Hello Harry, I'm Molly Weasley." He looked at me, in confusion I guessed, and I extended my hand to the boy. He doubtfully took my hand to shake it shortly. He cleared his throat and said, "Hello Mrs. Weasley. My name is Harry Potter." Before I could say another word, the grey matron appeared next to the bed as well and placed her hand on his forehead. Harry seemed to be startled by the gesture but it seemed he didn't dare to move away. "And how are you feeling Mr Potter? How is the pain?" Madam Pomfrey asked in her matter-of-fact tone. "Very well, Madam. Thank you very much for your good care. I hope you'll allow me to do something in return for it?" Harry said hopeful. "Nonsense, Mr Potter. You are in no debt to me except for one thing." "Anything, Madam." "This," Madam Pomfrey pointed at me before continuing, "is your new guardian. And I want you to tell her whenever you don't feel well or need something. Do you understand that, Mr Potter?" "Yes, Madam." "Do you promise me to tell her whenever that is the case?" the matron asked stern, looking straight at Harry with her blue piercing eyes. Harry gulped, but nodded directly after that. "Yes, Madam." "Very well. Do you have any questions for me before you leave to your new home?" the matron asked. "No, Madam." "Very well. Than you may get dressed behind the dressing shield, and come out when you are done." Madam Pomfrey took out her wand and drew a dressing shield around Harry's bed. I sent him a friendly smile before exiting the small confinement of the dressing shield. As did Minerva. "Mrs. Weasley. I have a bag here with pain relieving potions, Healing Salve and Draught of Dreamless Sleep. As soon as there are problems, you can floo call to the Hospital Wing immediately and I will answer. Treat the bruises once every day with Healing Salve, and if he is in much pain, you can give him a pain relieving potion, only twice a day! You are allowed to give him the Draught of Dreamless Sleep if you deem that necessary. Any other questions?" the matron asked me. "None, thank you very much for your good care," I said grateful, shaking her hand. "Very well." Then, Harry came from behind the dressing shield, wearing his too large, clean clothes. He had a pair of neat folded clothing in his hand, and looked rather awkward. I could now see the bruises in his neck as well on both his arms, and tried not to give notice of my anger towards the child molesters. "Mr Potter, I bid you farewell and I will see you on the first of September." The matron extended her hand which Harry shook just as short as he shook mine. "Shall I escort you to the fireplace?" Minerva suggested to me. I nodded and swallowed away my nervousness. I extended my hand for Harry to hold and when I saw him flinch away, I wanted to get so angry at the ones who hurt him, but instead I said quietly, "Harry?" He blinked before nodding quickly. "I would like you to take my hand, so I can make sure I do not lose you on the way home, is that alright with you?" I asked calmly. Harry didn't say anything but he nodded and took my hand silently. "Good," I said. "This way," Minerva said while pointing the direction. When we arrived at the Headmaster's office, the Headmaster himself wasn't present. So the only left to say goodbye to was Minerva. "Harry?" Minerva said. "Yes, Madam?" Harry replied. Minerva's lips curled up in amusement but said nothing about the title she was addressed with. "Professor Snape told me to say goodbye for him. He had other business to attend to. Though, he does wish you a nice stay with the Weasley family," Minerva smiled warmly at the both of us and I shook her hand in thanks. "Harry, I will see you on the first of September. Will you be nice to Mrs. Weasley until then?" Minerva asked Harry. "Yes, Madam." "Have a nice summer then," Minerva said to Harry, who only nodded in response. "You too, Minerva," I said. I let go of Harry's hand, so he could shake Minerva's extended one. Which he did shortly. I stepped forwards to the fireplace and took a hand of floo powder. I extended my hand to Harry again, to which he flinched automatically, but this time he did take my extended hand almost instantly and stepped in front of me, with his back turned to me. I placed my free hand onto his shoulder and let go of the floo powder. "The Burrow." Dear everyone! This is my take on the Harry is abused and replaced into a loving home story. I know that one is not able to floo into Hogwarts just like that, but for this story I have adjusted that, finding it too boring to continuously write how they would get back and forth (like apparating, Portkey, Thestrals, broomsticks or even the usual way of arriving through the Hogwarts express). So I figured the teachers were able to Floo in and out of Hogwarts using their personal fireplaces. Also, before anyone says it will be too soon for Harry to be replaced into another family in one day, I'd like to think it worked for the story, knowing that Harry would only have one month left to find out everything there is to know before starting at Hogwarts. Other than the fact that this is an abuse-themed story, I really do hope you like my take on it! I'm sending this out into the beautiful world that is Harry Potter fanfiction. All credits to our creator, hero and superwoman: J.K. Rowling. What did you think? There's only one chapter left! Aimee