had to do it didn't you?! Ruining my life! Since the day you came into it!" his voice was raw, haggard with emotions. "Harry!" Severus called, completely shocked at Harry's behavior. "Don't talk to her like that! Apologize now!" Harry didn't even blink. "See what you've done to him?! To /my / dad?! You stole him from me! You monster! Ruining my life!" "Harry!" this was Mrs. Weasley's scandalized voice coming form the corner. "What is wrong with you?! I didn't raise you like this! Apologize to her now!" Severus yelled, walking up to Harry. The heaving boy turned to him with disgusted expression. "Why? Why do you always take her side?! She's a stranger! I'm your son! And yet... You're not my dad, I hate you!" Sirius started walking toward them, to break out the fight somehow. "What did I do Harry? Did I say something, or done something that you..." "Shut up! It's your mere existence! You stole him away from me, you couldn't stop yourself could you?! It's always about YOU!" He eyed the cake with disdain. "Janet is this, Janet is that! You... You always have to do it somehow, take him away from me." "Harry stop." Severus grabbed the boy's wrist, turning him to face him. Harry was flushed with anger, his lips still trembling. "Isn't it true? She fucking rui..." Harry gasped, he's head titling to the side, the sharp sound of the slap spreading in the room like thunder. No one dared to breath as Harry slowly turned his head, tears finally strumming down his face. "I didn't raise you like a hooligan Harry James! Show some respect!" he was horrified with himself, he had sower to never raise his hand on his child and now.. Harry's lips were parted, but no sound came out. "I knew it. I always knew it was all pretending. It always starts with a slap doesn't it? After that baby's born, you're gonna throw me out in the streets, just like /they/ had, I knew it was all a game to you and that bitch." he spat the last word. " I hate you, all of you, don't bother throwing me out, I'm going myself. " he then yanked his hand out of a shocked Severus's fist and ran out of the door, leaving all of the guests bewildered and dumbstruck. Severus was still standing there numbly as the Weasleys awkwardly departed, assuring them that Harry had probably gone to the barrow, Sirius and Remus weren't as forgiving and stayed to search the area, looking if they could find Harry and take him home. Janet was horrified in indignation. "Sev, I had no idea he would react that way! I swear! I thought he loved babies, I didn't..." she looked lost, clutching at her hair as the couple surveyed the house, presents unopened and the cake lying there like a cursed object. "It's okay. I'll talk to him, he's not a violent person. Something had happened." he ran a hand through his hair, thoroughly distraught, had he really hit Harry, his child, his son? His little angel? And in front of his friends no less, in front of everyone, oh merlin. He was a terrible father. He didn't mean to, he was sure of it, he felt petty and pathetic for doing so, all of the sudden anger and adrenalin leaving his system, leaving him with Harry's pained speech. "Did you find him?" Janet surged to her feet, greeting the pissed off men at the door. Sirius shook his head, throwing a glare at the couple. "He's not in the area, probably at the barrow, Remus is contacting Molly." he said coldly, leaning against the door. "Sirius I didn't mean to hurt him, you know that, I thought this would cheer him up!" She tried to explain herself, sighing in frustration. "I'm not siding with Harry for insulting you, but I think you could've waited a little. Harry felt so excited about this birthday, and you just stole the spot light and all that shit. I would've been angry." He looked away, twiddling with his thumb. Remus nodded his head. "He's at the barrow, with Ron, but refuses to come out of the barn. His magic has locked all of the doors." Severus walked to Remus. "Is floo available?" Remus glared. "I think it's better if you let him be, he sounded upset." the werewolf said calmly and nodded to Sirius. "We'll be picking Harry up tomorrow for some winding up, you can talk to him later." they said and apparated instantly, leaving no room for argument. "This is all my fault." she started crying silently, sinking down in her seat. Severus shook his head, drawing the distraught woman in his arms. "It was my fault, I've been neglecting him lately." And with bated breath, he realized that yes, he was really neglecting his son. When was the last time that he had spend some time with him? Read to him? Helped him with his homeworks? Talked to him? Harry was an abused child, he needed instant reassuring no matter the age, and Severus had been neglecting his duty as a parent for over a year now. He felt like the worst person alive, suddenly Weasley's and Granger's glaring didn't sound so pointless anymore. He mulled over Harry's earlier words, did the child really thought that they would throw him out of the house? Or forget about him just beside there was another child coming up? Severus had told Harry repeatedly that he loved him. Hadn't he? "Maybe we should call it off for a while, move with his pace." she suggested, snuggling in his arms. Snape shook his head. "We need to talk to him first." the potion master said firmly, kissing his girlfriend on the top of her head. "I didn't mean to steal you from him." "He's a teenager Jan, we'll be fine." at least he hoped so. A/N; read, review and enjoy ;)