"Or we could dance. At least, I would get the front page in Witch Weekly," Pansy predicted. "No," Harry stated, "Definitely not. I don't want to kill anyone. I'm a menace." "Interesting," Pansy flipped her hair back elegantly and with her eyes narrowed to slits, she easily humoured him, "I seem to recall something of wanting to murder my sweet Daphne," she sang and risked a smile when Harry snorted in disbelief, exasperated by her little games. "You know I always get what I want, don't you?" The glance she shot at his way was nothing if not suggestive as she fluttered her eyelashes seductively at him. Harry gulped. "Are you sure?" he cracked it out, not sure if he read between the lines in the right way. With Pansy Parkinson, you could never be sure enough. This game they started playing was a new kind of dangerous that could end in many different ways. But looking at her expression, she was already prepared for the most likely – and she was not against it, not the least. "Absolutely," The word rolled of her lips melodically and Harry found himself in the dance floor not even a minute after that. He had a firm clutch around Pansy's thin waist, pulling her closer and trying to enjoy their swinging, even though he was really clumsy, unable to lead her properly and tampered three times on her foot already. He smiled down at her sheepishly, "Sorry." Pansy rolled her eyes, "You have a lot to learn, Potter, but you're not as lame as you think you are. It would just require some, no, actually a lot of practice. Just be patient with yourself," she advised with a careless shrug as if this back-handed compliment would not mean something. It was a rare occasion and Harry picked up on it. "Thank you," he murmured against her ear, enjoying the touch of her several, cold earrings met with his lips. He sighed and felt her shiver. "So do you have any ideas for the night?" he asked boldly and couldn't stop the contented smirk when feeling her breath hitch. "No, nothing in particular," she played it off expertly and stepped on his toe in a warning manner, "Oh my bad. I'm really sorry," she mused under her nose and locked eyes with him. The shining emeralds made her heart beat faster in her ribcage, a reaction that she was afraid to confess even to herself. "Is alright," Harry murmured back and was about to lean in to finally taste those vibrant, rosehip coloured lips, but then— "Victor! Stop!" He woke up with intense headache – like someone had hammered his head with extreme carefulness to cause the most pain –, burning stomach and to the scent of fresh eggs, bacons and unmistakable gardenias wafting in his nose. He cautiously opened his eyes, bewildered by the radiant sunshine that hit him square in the face. He shifted on the most uncomfortable and smallest couch of the world, lifting his arm up to shadow his blurry eyes. Every position was inconvenient and he groaned when his legs went numb, the itchy feeling climbing up from his toes. "Oh, you're up, Potter," he heard the hoarse voice just above him. He squinted up and what he saw, he knew, would make most of his acquaintances double over with laughter. There was Pansy Parkinson, with tousled hair and without make-up or the numerous family heirlooms, just in her modest, white nightgown that easily reached her knees and with a spatula in her hand, pointing with it toward him. "Yeah, I'm up," was all he said, barely able to contain his mirth and locking up this image in his mind for forever. "What had happened?" he asked slowly, sitting up with a little difficulty. He snatched his askew glasses from the coffee table that was near the ugly, over-designed couch. To that, Pansy thrust out her hips, "The gorilla decide to beat the shit outta' you," she stated, impassively, while Harry nodded along, now understanding the source of his pain. He was blissfully unaware of the big black eyes which made him look like a panda in sunglasses. "Apparently we made the little Weaslette so upset that the groom felt the need to give you a lesson. It was kind of messy, you see, but I pulled of the role of the scared, doting fiancée magnificently," she confessed, her nose scrunched up in dismay, "We needed to leave immediately as you were unconscious after his first strike and the guests started crowding. I don't know your current address so I decided to bring you here. By the way, welcome to the Parkinson Manor." "Thank you," Harry said with as strained smile, not knowing why this hurt so much. Pansy bit in the inside of her cheek not to laugh as the little injury beside his mouth opened up again. She shook her head, "At least we surely made the headlines not just for Witch Weekly but in Daily Prophet, too." Harry sniffed the air and nodded along before asking, as if he hadn't heard the last sentence, "Is something burning?" Pansy turned her back to him, bewildered, not understanding what he was talking about. She wrinkled her forehead in thought, looked down her spatula and suddenly, she jumped. Seeing the smoke rise from her kitchen, she hurried towards the stove, "Oh shit!" Harry laughed. There went their breakfast. Hope you liked it! This was my first ever Hansy I started writing out of boredom. What do you think? I know, this Pansy is surprising, and honestly, I have no idea what possessed me when writing her, but I enjoyed it so much! (And definitely not sorry for Harry's Disney obsession. I still can't wrap my head around the fact that JK didn't use any Disney and/or Spice Girls reference when writing the series) Dramione is probably my next victim, coming around in two weeks. Thank you for reading this!