as weak as his resolve. "I'd forgotten how endearingly stubborn you are." Malfoy's lips curled. "Care to prove it then?" By now Harry's heart was pounding so hard that he thought it might explode from his chest. He knew what the blond had just said, but somehow he couldn't manage to wrap a single coherent thought around the words, much less think up a response to them. "I didn't think so," Malfoy whispered before crushing their lips together once more. And suddenly Harry didn't care about words anymore, or that this was Malfoy, or that he really really shouldn't be enjoying the other man's arm wrapped so tightly around his back. He couldn't explain it—there was just something in this. Heat? Ferocity? He didn't know, because it felt exactly the same as it had at Hogwarts, only now it had somehow twisted itself inside out. Harry was somehow experiencing a part of Malfoy that he had always been able to see, but until this moment had never been able to touch. And, Merlin help him, it felt good. Harry's hands slid up and his fingers curled into the fabric of Malfoy's shirt, pulling him closer as their kiss deepened. The Slytherin's tongue slid against his lower lip, and Harry opened his mouth compliantly, moaning as he felt the heat of the other man's mouth mixing with his own. Smirking, Malfoy fisted his hands in Harry's hair and none too gently pulled his head back. Harry barely suppressed a gasp when he felt Malfoy's teeth scrape against his bared skin. He didn't even have time to feel embarrassed by the issue that had so obviously developed between his legs, what with Malfoy's mouth driving him clear over the edge of insanity. His tongue traced small dizzying patterns that had Harry's nerves buzzing, while his teeth sent sharp electric jolts racing up and down his spine. Yeah, okay, so his pants were definitely negotiable. "Hey, um, Malfoy? I—" Harry's breath hitched as the blond hit a particularly sensitive bundle of nerves. Harry could feel the other man's smile press into his skin as he began to tease him mercilessly. "Do—do you want to go back to my place?" Malfoy hummed against his neck, which did nothing to help with the predicament Harry's body was currently enduring. "Mmm, your place?" Harry struggled to breathe as Malfoy's arm practically crushed their bodies together. Well…at least now he knew that the blond was just as turned on as he was. "Y-yes." Malfoy pulled back, moving to nip at Harry's ear. "How about coffee instead?" Now that the Slytherin's lips were clear of his neck, Harry's mind could finally begin swimming back towards rational thought. Though, admittedly, Harry had never been a good swimmer. "Coffee?" he mumbled. "Yes." His breath was so hot. "Tomorrow. Perhaps somewhere in Diagon Alley?" "Tomorrow? Why tomorrow?" "Malfoy laughed. "Because it's 2am, and it's time for us to go home." "Home?" Harry blinked, suddenly realizing that the music from the other room had stopped and the room they were in was all but empty. "The club's already closing?" "In the club's defense, you did get here pretty late." Malfoy's hand slid down to grab his own, and with a self-satisfied sort of smile he began pulling Harry towards the exit. "So, coffee then?" Harry stared down at their hands for a long moment. Butterflies were still fluttering in his stomach, and this really had to be the most bizarre thing that had ever happened to him in his whole life. "You're talking about…a date?" "Yes," Malfoy replied without skipping a beat. "Oh." "Oh? So you just wanted to get in my pants then? Get your 'I fucked a Slytherin' badge and be done with it?" "No!" Harry said, shaking his head and tightening his grip on Malfoy's hand. "No, that's not what I meant at all. I just thought—you know—that you wouldn't want to." Malfoy's eyes narrowed skeptically. "I asked you, didn't I?" Uh …"Yeah?" "Then why the hell wouldn't I want to?" Holy mother of Merlin's beard, Harry, stop being such a total and complete idiot ! "Right! Well—er—then yeah, we should try that." There was an uncomfortably long pause. "You've been single for a really long time, haven't you?" "Three years." Harry looked speculatively at the other man. "How did you know?" Malfoy's cheek creased as his mouth lifted up into its usual smirk—Harry was mildly surprised the line hadn't stuck around permanently yet. "Well it was either that or you had some sort of social disorder, so I decided to be hopeful and go with the former." Harry snorted. "Not to worry, Potter!" Malfoy said, his smirk melting into laughter. "You've come to the right man. Who knows? Maybe you'll get that 'I fucked a Slytherin badge sooner than you think." He winked, and Harry couldn't manage to stop a blush from creeping up his neck and into his cheeks. They had reached the street entrance now. Both of them slowed to a stop, their hands still intertwined and pressed between them. Silence filled the air for a long while. Neither of them, it seemed, wanted to be the first to end the night. Harry knew that stepping out that door tonight would be like stepping out of a dream and back into reality. That's what this was after all, wasn't it? A dream? How could it possibly be anything else? He was standing here holding Draco Malfoy's hand for Merlin's sake! And enjoying it! Harry squeezed Malfoy's hand, and Malfoy squeezed his right back. It was the scariest most exhilarating feeling in the whole world. "So," Harry said softly, "you'll owl me, maybe?" Malfoy looked at him then, and Harry's heart fluttered because nobody had ever looked at him like that . Then, Malfoy leaned down and pressed his lips softly against Harry's, and breathed out the word, "Definitely." Yay! Did you like it? Did you hate it? Was it cute? Lol let me know! Please review!