god! HELENA!" The baron yelled out. He quickly pulled out the dagger, but was now met with the bleeding body of his would have been lover. He held her body close to him, which made more of the blood stain his clothes. " B-b-b-baron…" Helena whispered he last breath. Soon, her eyes slowly started to close and her arm, as well as the rest of her body went limp. The Baron released his grip on her and laid her body to the ground. His eyes were now watering in tears for the crime he has committed. Murder. " Helena… I did not mean to end it this way… Oh god, what have I done… I have betrayed lady Rowena, I have killed Helena… How many more sins must I commit to not be damned…" He said to himself. The Baron then looked across Helena's body and saw the very dagger he used to kill her with. " I do not deserve to roam this earth freely, knowing I have committed the crime of murder upon an innocent…" With that, the Baron positioned the dagger to his heart and, out of guilt, jabbed it right through his heart, the same place where he stabbed Helena the first time. With that, his body fell to the ground next to Helena's, with his hand landing right on top of hers. "And that's it… That is how I got my title, that is why the Grey Lady despises me, and that is why I am here now" The Baron said, as he ended his story. Stunned and surprised was written all over Sir Nicholas' face, as he listened intently to his story, making sure he did not miss any detail. After hearing this, he has a newfound point of view of the Baron. "... I know I should hate you…" The Baron looked down disappointed as he said that. "But you were never malicious to begin with… Your intentions with the Lady were pure and right… But it was executed wrongly… I'm truly sorry you had to go through all of that, my friend" Nicholas said, as he floated over to him and patted his back without phasing it. "Yes… that is why I wear these chains for penance of my crime… The more I think about it or the more I see her, the heavier they get…" "Then may I offer some ghostly advice… Learn to forgive yourself before you go to the Grey Lady and ask for forgiveness… Because she will know whether you have accepted this and have suffered enough to let you go…" Sir Nicholas said. The Baron looked at him and then at his chains. "I do not think it is that easy…" He said. "You never know unless you try my friend…" Nicholas said. Soon the two ghost phased out of the room and into the hallways where they start to see some students walking by. "And to think, we were just like them at their age" Nicholas said. The Baron watched the students, as they walked the halls and talked to their friends. "Yes but, at least they know murder is not the answer…" He said. "Who knows… Maybe it could happen to them, maybe it couldn't… History does sometimes, repeat itself" Nicholas said. Soon the two ghost reached an intersection of the castle. Nearly headless Nick turned to him with a smile. "Well I must go now, I promised to help Professor Binns with a lecture today" Nicholas explained "Pretty rare for him to ask help from other ghost…" "Yes well, his lecture today is on ghost, and he needed another ghost to help explain how we live… Maybe you should tell your story" Nicholas winked. The Baron gave a glare and Nick just chuckled nervously and floated away. "Of course, of course, keeping this a secret. Well! I will see you soon, old friend" With that, he phased through a wall and left him. "I doubt he can keep a secret…" He said to himself, or so he thought. "You'd be surprised on how much he can tell a person…" Knowing that voice, the chains on him got heavier, but he used as much strength as he can to left them and face her. "Hello m'lady… Is there something you need of me?" He asked. Helena kept quiet and floated up close to him. He was surprised at her advancement and was about to float backwards away, when he suddenly felt her hands on his chains. "W-w-what are you doing?" He asked her "How long have these been on you?" She asked. "Ever since that day…" He answered. She looked at the chains again and stroked them gently. "The friar told me that I need to learn to forgive and forget… Especially to myself…" He looked at her and was surprised to hear that the friar told her the same thing Nick told him. "I need to forgive my hatred for my mother, and for stealing her diadem… Mostly importantly, I need to learn to forgive you for doing this to me…" She said. He looked away from her but she brought a ghostly hand to his cheek and raised his face to look at her. "Now… It will take me a while to forgive… But I hope you are willing to wait…" She said. The Baron looked into her ghostly eyes and leaned in to kiss her lightly on the lips, just enough not to phase through her. "I've been with you for thousands of years… I am willing to wait for a thousand more for your forgiveness" He said. Helena smiled at him and leaned in to give a kiss of her own. A kiss that has been long overdue. Me: You didn't think I would write this without having a little Rowena and Salazar moment where Helena says he is her father, did you? Slytherclaw for life! But anyways, thank you for reading and I hope you all have a pleasant day!