will make an unbreakable-vow with you if that is the confirmation that you need." "That will not be necessary Mr. Potter. I'm glad to see however that this news has been well received. That will be all then thank you, best get back to your dormitory and think about getting some sleep before your last two OWLs." James bounced up out of his chair, sent a shower of red sparkles up into the air - claiming it was some accidently magic when McGonagall fixed him with a rather pointed stare - and made his way towards the door and out into the corridor. James Potter, Quidditch Captain. Felt good to say. About time too he felt, though he never had any complaints with Florence as captain as she was really good and it didn't hurt how she looked on a broom. James was sad to see her go, but would make sure to mention to her that he was replacing her at least a dozen or more times. Walking down the corridor, James was about to slide back through the invisible wall that led him to the corridor of the Gryffindor common room when someone suddenly pulled him through from the other side into the darkened passageway. "I wanted to talk to you" Lily said in the dim light. "Without the prying eyes of every student in this castle" she snappily finished having seen James' eyebrows shoot provocatively upwards in the semi-darkness. "Oh Evans, I knew you were bluffing when you said you would prefer it to be Remus to show you these passageways. I'm assuming that's how you found out about this one anyway wasn't it. Remus show you himself or you just ran quickly away from McGonagall's office so you could get to a good place to watch where he disappeared?" Grabbing her hand he attempted to drag her down a little further along into the dark, but Lily pulled hard and her hand came away. "Don't be a toerag Potter, or I'll hex you and leave." "Hexing people now are we? Wow Evans, never would have guessed a prefect of your perfect calibre would ever commit such a crime. I'm shocked to my core, might have to go and tell Dumbledore. Hey, that rhymed!" "You're a child. Listen. I heard what you did for Severus the other day. I know you don't like him but I wanted to say thank you for doing it anyways. Now whether you did it for Remus' benefit or maybe because you hated the idea of someone else hurting Severus more than you and stealing your fan club away I don't care. You still did it and I think that was brave and nothing like the normal arrogant James Potter. I'm actually surprised I didn't hear this story from you atop the Gryffindor table at breakfast the following day and only figured it out when Marlene told me and I managed to get it out of Sev." Somehow Lily had managed to get everything out without taking a breath it seemed, and James was standing there bemused beyond all accounts. Lily Evans was thanking him. She was calling him brave. Lily knew about Remus! "Er sorry Lil I don't know what you're talking about, Remus was in the hospital wing sick that night..." James trailed off, trying to sound as convincing as he could whilst running his hand through his black messy hair. "He's not sick, it's just a problem. But besides I'm not going to tell anyone anyway so you don't need to worry Potter." James' chuckled slightly as all the lies he was constructing in his head about Remus not being a werewolf faded at Lily's words. "You know that's what I call it too, his 'furry little problem'. Thank you for keeping silent Evans. You're welcome about Snivellus. Still can't wrap my head around why you and he are mates. You know what happened to Mary three weeks ago with Mulciber, and that twisted arse is all chummy with your good pal Snivelly." "I wouldn't expect anything to get round your giant inflated head Potter. I'm not friends with Mulciber, he is twisted and what he did to Mary was horrible, but Sev isn't like that." "How can you say that? He and his mates are death eaters in training, the lot of them. Just because he fancies you and wants to get out of his robes into his tiny moulding underpants with you doesn't negate the fact that he calls every other muggle-born under the sun that disgusting word." There was a moment silence as the two Gryffindors stared at each other in the dark. James knew his points were valid and he thought he saw Lily looking away in silent agreement. He was about to go on when Lily began again. "I better head back, I told Mary that I would help her with some last minute defence revision. Like I said, I just wanted to say thank you. Maybe one good deed is all that is needed to begin the process of you finally giving up your crown as King Toerag. Who knows, maybe you might change. You wait here, I'm using this passageway now as it is brilliant and we are not under any circumstances risking someone seeing the both of us popping out at the other end together." Lily started off up the few stairs and then round the corner of the passageway and out of sight. James would have protested and insisted he accompany her the rest of the way in case she got lost. Lily would not have a clue that there were no deviations at all in this passageway until they had got to the end. Instead he leaned against the smooth stone wall and let out a low whistle. Getting quidditch captain and having the girl he has fancied forever pulling him into the dark all in the space of ten minutes. Not a bad night after all it seemed.