be the biggest surprise of my day. Now I've got my two boys sending flames and whatever else out of these sticks. I've lived in London all my life, how on earth could I not have noticed this huge wizarding borough." "Ah you're a muggle! How brilliant! I have a question for you as well sir, what is the function of a rubber duck? I saw one a couple of years ago and no one has been able to supply me with an answer," asked Mr. Weasley, leaning in closer to the muggle and giving him his full attention. "That's something else that has baffled me all day. Every shop I go into all the owners are soon calling me a muggle. Is it an offensive word? What does it mean? Rubber ducks aren't important don't worry yourself about them." Disappointed with the man's answer to his rubber-duck inquiry, Mr Weasley nonetheless was happy to explain the wizarding world to the man as best he could. For ten minutes the two of them spoke about muggles and wizards, only reluctantly stopping when the twin boys had finally chosen their wands and were urging their father to come and pay for them. "Well, thank you for making a few things clearer for me. The missus at home won't believe what I have found out today. I'm Brian Dreki, these are my sons Hassan and Olyvar, hope to see you again," he said as he held out a hand to Mr. Weasley. Mr Weasley took it quickly and shook it. Mr. Dreki then paid and left and finally it was Charlie's turn to get his wand. "Good afternoon Weasleys. I see you have brought me another son today Arthur, how many more can I be expecting over the next few years?" Mr. Ollivander asked with a smile. "This is Charlie, and of course you remember Bill and all the smashed vases we left in here last time we visited. You've got a break for a few years, Percy my next eldest won't be attending Hogwarts for another three years. Both I and Molly will be here with you for when the twins come, and then little Ron and our daughter Ginny a couple years after them." Mr. Ollivander seemed rather content at the prospect of equipping future Weasleys with their wands and let out a small chuckle at the memory of his flower vase smashing three times as Bill had tested out wands two years ago. "Very good, very good. Ten and a half inches long, pliable, made of blackthorn with a unicorn tail hair I remember. How has it been treating you William?" Bill nodded to indicate it was working for him. Mr. Ollivander smiled and then turned to Charlie, piercing him with his silvery eyes. "Charlie, shall we begin? Remember, the wand chooses the wizard." He picked up the tape measure he had left on the counter. "Which is your wand hand?" Charlie held out his left arm and the tape measure began to measure him whilst Mr. Ollivander started bringing wand boxes down from their shelves. Charlie was handed a variety of wands, each a different wood type, length or core. His heart skipped a beat every time he was given a wand with a dragon heartstring core, but was left disappointed when Mr. Ollivander swooped it back out of his hand after the first had ripped up a part of the floorboards and the other simply did nothing. Charlie was handed his fifth wand when tingles went up his arm all the way to his shoulder. He raised the wand directly at the sky and a small, controlled burst of flame shot out of the end and warmed him as it spiralled round his body and disappeared as it got to the floor. Bill and Mr. Weasley were on their feet clapping and Mr. Ollivander let out a little hoot, "Oh, well done Mr. Weasley. A unicorn tail hair just like your brother. Ash wood, twelve inches long, supple. Oh, well done!" Mr. Weasley soon paid for his son and they were back out into the street. Charlie was beaming, though perhaps a little crestfallen that a dragon heartstring wand had not chosen him. Mr. Weasley suggested ice cream and soon Charlie's disappointment was replaced with ecstasy at having a wand in his pocket. A wand that was his. The rest of the afternoon was a blur. They had to go into Madam Malkin's to buy robes, a hat and a pair of dragon skinned gloves; at least he'd go home with something that once belonged to a dragon. A couple hours later the trio had purchased a cauldron, phials, a telescope and a set of brass scales for Charlie. All were second-hand and a little battered but Charlie didn't mind. It was approaching 4:30 in the afternoon and the Alley was starting to empty of children with their parents and fill with adults finishing work and heading towards the Leaky Cauldron for a drink or to head home. Charlie had asked again about visiting Gringotts but his father had told him that their vault wasn't near any dragon he knew off. Thinking about that dragon for the majority of the day, when the three Weasleys stepped out of the fireplace into their kitchen Charlie had decided that it was cruel to keep a dragon so far underground. A dragon wasn't a guard dog and he couldn't imagine the goblins were very nice to it. The evening was spent showing his younger siblings and his mother everything they had brought. His dad that afternoon had rehashed his mum's speech on the issue of under-aged wizardry, so Charlie only allowed the twins and Ron to look at the wand in his hand. Later that night when most Weasleys were tucked up in bed, Percy joined Bill and Charlie in their room and the three of them chatted long into the night about Hogwarts, wands and the end of summer.