from what I heard. Grandfather Pollux dubbed Uncle Alphard a sympathizer and disowned him. Regulus was hurt, felt betrayed and abandoned. Aquila was angry, said he was a fool. I felt so guilty, but Uncle Alphard said he didn't regret his decision. "When Uncle Alphard died, I inherited everything from him. Wasn't much by Black standards, but it was a sight more than I could have hoped for." "So what happened to Aquila?" "I don't know. He disappeared about the same time as Regulus did." That got Harry's attention and his head whipped around. His eyes widened in surprise, "Was he a Death Eater?" "I'm not sure. He could have been considering who he hung around. He was always with Regulus, Snape and the Slytherins. Plus the Lestrange brothers - known Death Eaters the both of them - came to get him from the train station every summer." Sirius scratched his chin, "I don't recall a Dark Mark on him though." "If he was, it would explain why his mother wasn't burned off the family tree, but that doesn't explain why he's missing." Harry turned his back to the Black family tree to face Sirius and smirked. "I see that you're related to Flint." "I am." "Marcus Flint was the Slytherin quidditch captain. The boy looked like he was half-troll. Ugliest blighter you ever want to lay eyes on: beady eyes and huge crooked bucked teeth." "Inbreeding can do that to a person." "Your parents were first cousins." "I'm well aware." "Yet you don't look like a half-troll." "Thank you." Sirius smirked. "I think." A small pop interrupted their conversation and Harry was surprised by the intense stare he received from the house elf. Harry had been at the townhouse for nearly a week yet that was his first encounter with the diminutive. It was possibly the ugliest house elf Harry had met to date with impossibly human-like blue eyes, large bent nose and big floppy bat-like ears. It stood in a clean pillowcase uniform with its hands clasped at chest level and simply stared. From what Harry could tell, he'd wager the house elf was male, but until someone spoke either its name or the elf spoke, it was only a theory. Sirius huffed when the house elf remained silent and continued to stare at the teen, "What is it Kreacher?" Harry quirked an eyebrow at hearing the house elf's name as it still hadn't given a clue to the being's gender. Kreacher still remained silent and stared for a few more moments ignoring Sirius completely. It then canted its head at Harry and - still ignoring Sirius' question - spoke to the young wizard, "You is a Potter." That was a statement rather than a question, yet Harry responded anyway in order to be polite to what he now knew was a male house elf. "I am." Rather than clearing up Kreacher's confusion, the house elf looked even more befuddled and attempted to clarify yet again, "You is here with the traitor." "Hey!" The two conversing males didn't respond to Sirius' indignant outburst. Kreacher had ignored the man since his arrival in the room while Harry tried hard not to laugh at his godfather. The young wizard gave the house elf a small nod, "I am." Kreacher glared at Sirius as if all the wrong in the world was his fault and turned back to Harry. The teen was rather amused with the rude house elf, noting that he was obviously not fond of his godfather and had him wondering who he belonged to. The house elf's animosity cleared and returned to bewildered, yet it was tinged with an earnest yearning to understand. The diminutive creature's croaking voice demanded once again, "But you is a Potter." The house elf seemed to be rather focused on Harry's surname, "Yes, Kreacher. I am a Potter." At long last the house elf nodded slowly as if he had come to some decision or understanding that only Kreacher knew about or could comprehend. Kreacher stood taller before he spoke to Harry with a low bow, "You is Potter. Kreacher will serve." "Bloody hell!" Sirius flailed his arms, "He refuses to even listen to me, but you he'll serve. My own mother's portrait only screams at me, but you she smiles at. It's a conspiracy!" Harry smirked at his godfather, "Perhaps if you were more polite-" "Pah! They hate me." Sirius pouted petulantly and crossed his arms. "Or it's because you have no manners, Gryffindor." Harry turned back to Kreacher, "We'll have dinner in the dining room at six." "Yes, young Potter, sir." Kreacher popped away leaving a blustering Sirius and an amused Harry. [1] - Aquila Potter is from my quasi-prequel to the whole SDDJ series called A Potter . AN: No you do not have to read A Potter in order to get Aquila's connection here in this series since it will be explained eventually. Besides, A Potter contains slash that many people don't care for and I would never try to ask/make/coerce someone to read anything that would make them uncomfortable because that's just rude. I may be mean, but I try not to be rude. Daughter #2 is in the process of moving, therefore things won't be edited until she has time. Translation: You get my unedited versions or you get no chapters until she has time... Tough call... you suffer either way. Well I hate waiting to post. I'm so impatient. I'm just jazzed I have something to post! So you suffer with unedited chapters that I will repost when Elipsa has a chance to wade through my messes to straighten things out and make it all shiny. All that said, I just want to thank folks for being patient as the story finally came back to me years later. For those just joining the story since the teaser showed up, welcome to the madness. And thank you to everyone for reviews, favorites and follows. You guys rock!