black jacket, to look for his wand, his heart involuntarily leap a beat once more. It was kind of odd to react to her touch, but he didn't mind it and at the end, she simply took out his wand and place it inside the back pocket of her pants. "Okay, then tell me what do you have on your back?" She asked again and he resisted the urge of rolling his eyes. "Your favorite thing in the world, Granger. A book." He said and she looked surprised. "A cursed book?" She asked, stepping back from him a bit. "No. It's the book that I... inherited from the former Headmaster." Harry lifted one eyebrow at this. First, Malfoy was a quick learner, as he knew better than to say Dumbledore's name again in front of Hermione and second, what kind of rubbish was the ferret talking about? An inheritance from Dumbledore? That had to be a lie. "That's a very bad lie, Malfoy." Hermione pressed. "Have you ever read a letter wrote by him, Granger? You are a smart girl, so it shouldn't be a problem for you to see if it's fake or not. Also, the glasses in my right pocket are enchanted magically to see through all sorts of magic and that was how I could find your camping tent. You can use it to see if the book have any kind of spells that could potentially harm you." He said in a daring tone that farther irritated the girl. Was he pushing his luck a little too much? Malfoy asked himself, but lucky for him, Granger simply opened his jacket for a second time and took out the glasses. "Go on, Granger, put them on and have a look at Potter's locket and you will know what I mean." "Wait, how did you..." "I will explain everything when you actually give me the chance. Just put them on. If I really wanted to harm either of you, I would have done it, at the moment I stepped inside this tent." Malfoy said to her and to his big surprise, she followed his suggestion and put them on, giving Harry a glance. He already knew what she would see, so when she gasped in horror, he simply waited for her next action. Standing right in front of Harry, was the ghostly figure of Tom Riddle, better known as Lord Voldemort and his presence seemed to be covering half of Harry's body in a cloud of dark smoke. It was then, watching the true form of the Horcrux that Hermione finally understood the influence that such a vile thing was implanting on them and the real reason Ron had walked away from them. "Oh Lord, take that thing off, Harry." She said moving toward him and taking it out his neck, throwing it again on a nearby chair. "Bloody hell, Hermione, why did you do that for?" Harry said looking at her as she had gone mad. "Just look Harry. See for yourself." She said giving Harry the glasses. Out of curiosity, Harry took off his own and replaced them with Malfoy's and sure enough, he too, saw Tom Riddle, smirking at him were the locket was supposed to be on the chair. "Okay, I believe you now Malfoy. Show me that book and then we can talk." Harry said and Malfoy did as he was told. The book he took out didn't look impressive in any way. Actually it looked more like a journal than a book, but once he open it, he was certain it belonged to Dumbledore. It was definitely his handwriting. "What's this? How come you , of all people end up inheriting this?" "Can I sit down? Like I said it's a long story." Malfoy said, not really caring if they mind it or not. He was exhausted both physically and mentally. Hermione watched him sit and she could not help wondering what could have happened to him. Had he really changed? How did Dumbledore end up giving him a book? And what kind of book it was? How did he found out their location? And did he knew that Ron wasn't there? He didn't seem surprised of his absence. And what about the Horcrux? Did he already knew about them? Lord, just what was his story? It was true that she distrusted him, but it was also true that she was quite curious about what could have brought Malfoy to Dumbledore's side. Had he changed sides, for that matter? She couldn't see through his many secrets, at that point. "Ask me away Granger, I know you are dying to ask." Malfoy smirked and Harry find himself unable to contain a laugh. Malfoy was absolutely right, it was painfully obvious that she wanted to question him. Who would have thought that he will laugh at something that Malfoy said. The world must be coming to an end, Harry thought. Hermione by the other hand, simply blushed a little and sat next to Malfoy. "Fine then, since is so obvious... why did you came here for?" Was her first question and Malfoy sighed, giving her a deeper look, that somehow make her shiver. Whatever the answer, she had the lingering feeling that she would not like it at all. "I came here to save you , Granger from a certain death at the hands of my aunt, Bellatrix Black Lestrange." Yeah , she didn't like it all right. AN: Okay... Thanks for reading this silly story. I apologize for the mistakes. Please take care, I don't honestly know when the next update will come. Your opinion is valuable, so please feel free to review if you want to. (I had tried to edit this chapter to correct the multiple errors, but I don't honestly know if it's now better or worse. (T_T) I will try to edit the rest when I can. It's kind of hard to edit it all, paragraph by paragraph. 4/14/17 )