keep running!" He knew it was pointless to run now that the Yagnars had found them, but there was nothing else they could do. They have no weapon to fight against such creatures, nor magic to use to at least defend themselves as the talismans on their necks absorbed all the magic they possessed, living them completely defenseless and at the mercy of a painful and horrible death. "They will kill us, Harry. They will eat us alive!" Hermione yelled while crying as she too, knew she was going to die there and suddenly a huge wave of anger rushed inside him. It was true that as a rebel, he had always known the risk of being capture and therefore he was a little more prepare to face death, but in those times when he wonders how he would die, his sister was never part of it, even on his worst scenarios. She was by all mean, everything he had left and he owed her too much to let her die in such a way. "Lets them have a hard time catching us, come on." She obediently keep following him despise her fatigue and for the first time in his life, he wanted to cry like a little boy. She deserved better than to die like this, the reason he joined the rebels was because he wanted to give her sister a better life, a life of freedom. He cursed under his breath as it was pointless to dwell on things that will never come true. He wished for a better feature, but at the end he just sentence his sister and parents to death. Another closer screech was heard and Harry make up his mind. If he was going to die there, then it was preferable to do so giving his sister a chance to escape. She was an excellent healer, smart and brave, so she had better chances to get away than him, if luck was on her side and he fervently prayed that was the case. "Listen Hermione, I need you to do something for me. I want you to keep running until you find a safer place to hide." He said to her as he come to a stop in front of her. She opened her eyes wide in realization and he knew she understood his implication. "You will not sacrifice yourself, not even for me. Maybe I can find something that could help us fight. Some herbs..." "There is no time! Go now... I'm so sorry to have involved you in this... I have only wished the best for all of you, still in the end I just bring you misery. Please go and survive, I will pray to the gods for a miracle." He said hugging her tight for a second before releasing her. "I will not let you... Harry!" She yelled when he had pushed her to the floor and run away from her. As he did so he tried to summon even the tiniest magic, yet the pain caused by the talisman he was wearing was great indeed and he fell to the ground in the same moment a Yagnar dived to catch him. Just by a few inches, the beast had failed to grab him with its sharp claws. Still, Harry was too close to avoid a bite and as he tried again to summon his blocked magic, he prayed. "Please, someone saves her... I will not ask for more." He whispers as his hands glowed with the little magic he could use. Even a bit was better than none at all and while screaming in pain he released the magic toward the Yagnar. However, a creature like that needed ten thousands more power to cause it any harm. Harry knew it was his end and he closed his eyes expecting a lot more pain from the beast claws, still something unexpected happen. There was no pain, so he open his eyes to see why he was still alive and to his big surprise, Hermione was standing in front of him in a protective way, but that was not all. Right in front of her was something he haven't seen in a while. A fire spirit, Vardras, his godfather personal familiar. "Please, save us..." Hermione whisper and Vardras blasted the Yagnar with the hottest fire he had ever felt, incinerating the beast in seconds. Then it turned to the Yagnar who was still in the air and just like the one in front of them, it was blasted with an intense white fire. A second later, Hermione fell backwards toward him, which he barely manage to catch her. He knew the reason why she suddenly fainted as he looked at her right arm where the mark of her new familiar could be seen. The mark of a fire dragon, the mark that have belonged to the Black family, the mark that Sirius Black had before her, the one that could only pass on to another after his previous master die. "Vardras, we need a safe place..." He said to the fire spirit and once it covers the both of them in a cocoon of green fire, they were gone to rest and grief. Not too far from them Draco watched with a mix of relief and amaze at what he saw. Deep inside, he had wished for something to happen, for her to survive somehow, but now there was another big problem ahead of him. As the Yagnars had failed to kill them and the rebels had successfully escaped, it was mostly up to him and his team to find them and kill them themselves, which only leaves to one single question. Could he truly force himself to kill her with his own hands? As they returned to the castle with the news, he wonders if he really could. AN: Thanks for reading. Very slow updates if someone likes it, as I have far too many stories to finish. Take care.