list of curiosities? I think that was it." "We belayed all forms of 'PDA' for now, so yes, I believe we're done." Harry snickered. "Everyone is going to be so confused when we test those." "You laugh now, but I'm the one who will have to reign in your temper when they mistake us for a couple." "Yeah, yeah. What time is it?" "Seven fifty-three." "Please tell me that's late enough to go to bed." "No. You'll wake up at three in the morning and moan about it. Get up. You can edit the most recent chapter while I work on the next." "Fine." Harry didn't move. "Severus?" "Yes?" the man replied, impatiently. "I know we're not a couple, romantically. Obviously. But, um. We're still going to be together for a long time, right? Until we're both really old?" "There are no guarantees. But yes, I plan to remain close with you for as long as I may." "And I'll argue with you if you ever think you may not," Harry grumbled, smiling. "As I will argue with you if you ever think I may not." "Good." "Exceptionally." "Severus," Harry whined. "I'm bored." " Mufflito ." " Finite Incantem . Don't be such a meany, Sev." "Don't expect me to entertain you, brat." "I'm graduating next month." "Assuming that you didn't fail this essay. Which you will if you don't cease irritating me while I grade it ." "But we still haven't decided how to keep in touch!" Severus put aside his paperwork and folded his hands carefully. "Harry. On the first Friday of each month you will be flooing here to spend the weekend with me. On every Saturday that we are not together, we will be floo calling for two hours from ten to noon. If either of us cancel on Saturday, we will move the call to Sunday. If this ever occurs twice consecutively, we will owl each other at least a two sentence note. At the end of your apprenticeship you will be moving back to Hogwarts, and get a suite connected to mine by secret passage. This is the most structured plan to keep in contact I have had in my life , and I was a triple agent for over a decade." Harry slumped deeper into the couch, sulking but with a smile playing around the corners of his mouth. "Sorry, Severus. 'M just nervous." "And you have every right to be. You are taking a step into unfamiliar territory, largely alone and with little idea of what to expect. But that does not give you leave to prevent me from fulfilling my obligations." "Yeah, I know." Harry sat up. "Can I. Um. Can I sit against your legs? I think I could be quiet then." "If it will keep you quiet, be my guest." There was an awkward shuffle before Harry got himself folded comfortably under Severus's desk, head resting the man's knee. Harry sighed happily. "This should have been on the list." Severus ran a hand through Harry's hair, but led by example and remained silent. Harry woke from his half-drowse when Severus stretched. "Wha' time's it?" "You've been asleep for two hours. How does your neck feel?" "Surprisingly good." Harry yawned. "Must be dark by now, yeah? Still up for going to the Forest tonight?" "Of course. I've finished the marking. You did well." "'M a good assistant." "A shame you're going into Defense. Potions has lost a valuable asset." "My contribution to the field'll be convincing you to write textbooks. I'll be very appreciated." "Undoubtedly." "Everyone is staring." "Hardly, Potter." "No, Sev, everyone is actually staring. Even the first years." Harry's cheeks were beginning to go hot. "You are somewhat famous." "I don't think that's it." "Perhaps they find you handsome . Tans are apparently all the rage, these days." "How would you even know that? Never mind. Explain the boys, then. A large proportion of them should be straight." "Envious of your good looks." "I can't believe you managed to say that with a straight face. Pardon the pun. They're still staring!" "They've never seen two teachers chattering like little girls," McGonagall interrupted from the far side of Severus. "A little decorum, gentlemen." "I don't think that's it, either." "A mix of both, most likely." "That could be it," Harry agreed. Dumbledore finished his speech and clapped, filling the tables with food. "Chocolates, Severus, really? You're such a sap." "Check the box." "These are all coconut!" Severus laughed, and Harry finally realized. "They're not staring at me! They're staring at you! You're smiling! In public!" Severus attempted, and failed, to control his expression. "I blame you, Potter." "Why, Professor, I'm honored! To be credited with inciting the great Dungeon Bat to smile. Have I won an award? Will I need to make a speech?" "I know where you sleep." "I have unlimited access to Weasley's Wizard Wheezes." "Boys. Please refrain from starting a prank war on the first day of the term." "I do not participate in prank wars ," Snape spluttered. Harry patted his hands. "Of course you don't, dear. Eat your chocolate." "You little - !" If you're curious, George and Fred knew Harry was out of bed because they snuck in to prank him. I don't know what game Harry was teaching Severus, but it was Muggle and not chess. I suspect something with complicated rules and too many distinct pieces. A lot of the aro-ace feels in this relate to my own experiences, so they're a narrow slice of the spectrum. I have changed out one of the snippets from the original - the pen scene used to be our boys experimenting with necking. If you want to read that, same author name but on tumbr. If you have an idea for a new snippet that fits this line in, I will give you a virtual hug, because I really wanted to use it: "Perhaps we've finally succumbed to the romantic notions of the masses."