her, without becoming a liar. "I'm sorry, Draco... please don't cry too..." Draco, then realized that against his will, some tears had found their way out and ran down his cheeks too. "Is this really what you want? Has this relationship hurt you that much? Have I given you that much pain?" He asked, sitting next to her, in her bed and she turned her head, so she would not face him. "Y... Yes... I have fool myself for far too long, hoping that a miracle would happen and that I will be back to what I was before. It's not going to happen and I'm just holding you back. I've seen you change, little by little, every time I got sick with something. I know you care about what happens to me, Draco, but it's making you tired and I'm afraid, you'll get sick too if this continues. I hate it, Draco, I hate it because I know I'm the one ruining everything, but I cannot do this anymore. Please, no more pain, no more feeling guilty for something I have no control over. I want to have release... please Draco, I beg you... for me... I have suffered enough. " She sobbed, as she shattered even more, his already broken heart. "I'm sorry, then... I never wanted to hurt you. Please forgive me..." He whispered and hugged her, letting her cry all she wanted on his chest. Several minutes later, when she calmed down, he bent down to kiss her one last time. "Goodbye, Astoria…" He whispered in her ear and she smiled at him. "Goodbye, Draco… I hope you find someone else, I truly do…" "I still love you…" "Love comes and goes, Draco." "If you ever need me…" "I will be fine, I promise you that." "Then…" "Just go, Draco… my parents will be here soon…" "Maybe I should wait for them, at least…" "No, it's better this way. I want to be alone." She took out her engagement ring and put it in his hand. "Take this… it belonged to your family, right?" "Not exactly. I actually buy it for you, even though my father was against it. Just like you assumed, my family have the same old tradition as most rich families had, but I wasn't going to start a new relationship, with new ideals, with a ring that represents everything I despise now. It's yours..." He said, handing it back to her. "I'm sorry, Draco… I truly am." "I'm sorry too, but just so you know... your life was always first to me, even more than any heir. Being with you, even when you were sick, make my life worth living, less hard after war..." "I know… still, maybe we were not meant to be…" "We shall see… Goodnight, Astoria. I hope that you find your peace." He kissed the crown of her head. "Take care of yourself…" "I will…" She whispered back, as she saw him walk out of the room, the she cried her heart out. Draco hear cry for a minute, before finding himself walking away from her room. Part of him felt numb because he wanted to breakdown as much as Astoria, so he barely noticed where he was walking and ended up stumbling over an old woman. "My apologies, ma'am… I was careless…" Draco offered and the old woman actually smiled at him. "Oh my... a gentleman and a very handsome one too. I guess this was my lucky day..." Draco raised an eyebrow at the unexpected amusement . Really ... well, at least there was a lady who didn't despise him. "Well, may I return the compliment with some help? Are you here looking for a patient?" He asked, feeling a little lighter as he spoke to the woman. There was something about her that was... familiar. "Thank you for the offer, but I have already found what I was looking for... still, you were very kind in offering to help me, so I'll tell you a secret..." She motioned for him to come closer, so she could whisper it to him, and he almost sighed, but he controlled himself and did as he had asked. "So, what secret?" He asked. "You will find love again, very soon, Draco Malfoy…" She whispered as she carefully inserted a ring into the pocket of his jacket, before Draco backed away from her. "Who are you?" Draco asked, surprised. "You will know, one day... don't fight against what you will see, Draco... just make sure it never happens..." She warned him and Draco was about to question her more when a commotion broke out near him, and he looked away to see what was happening. There was a group of people looking and pointing down the hall. Curiosity took the best of him and forgetting the old woman for a second, he approached the group a little, to hear what they were saying. "Yes, it really is Ron Weasley and he was attacked by a Death Eater..." Then some of the gossiping people noticed him and the whisper resumed, but this time about him, being the one who probably attacked him. Draco was about to leave when three figures appeared a few feet from him, and he recognized all three of them. Harry Potter, Ginny Weasley and Hermione Granger. It was only his luck that the first thing the trio had seen when they arrived, was him. He didn't know exactly what had been said to them, since he himself didn't know what was happening, but to see him standing there, moments after the apparent attack to Weasley, would seem suspicious to them. Of that, she was sure, as Granger narrowed her eyes as she looked directly at him. Oh, yes... this will definitely be a hellish night, he sighed as he prepared for yet another painful confrontation with a woman. AN: To be continue… not so soon, though. Thanks for reading and I hope someone likes this. Take care.