his shoulder, Draco reached the metal block at the same time and then, they felt a very strong pull to something dark, very dark and everything disappeared from their sight a moment later. As if they had been swallowed up by a vast void, they felt the pull that made them believe they were falling from a considerable distance or so they thought. Hermione screamed as she held Malfoy's shoulders for her beloved life as they continued to fall into the dark void. They fell and fell to who knows where in the darkness that made it impossible to distinguish anything but themselves. She had had a somewhat similar experience before, when they traveled with portkeys, but the pull never felt so strong. Malfoy's heart raced in his chest as he screamed too, and soon the fall slowed a little before they hit something hard, making them moan in pain. Malfoy opened his eyes and found himself covered with a kind of dark smoke coming from inside of him, like Granger, who had fallen over him. Once again, they experienced a wave of pain and Hermione moaned a little, as she tried to find out why she was burning up from the inside out, but a second later, the smoke cleared and the pain subsided. He turned to look around, only to try to find out where they ended up, but he did not recognize anything. It was dark, probably the night had fallen there as well and as far as he could see, there were only dead trees everywhere. They were definitely inside what was once a forest, a big one, because even if the trees looked dead, there were miles of them. It was a good thing that there was some moonlight shining on them, so they could at least see a bit farther from where they were on the floor. There was some ice on the top of the trees and frost patches on the forest floor, and as Granger had done before, he hugged himself to be a little warmer in that cold environment, not realizing that something was quite different with him. "Granger, are you okay? Do you know where we are?" He asked finally looking at her and as he watched her look back at him with her mouth half open in surprise, he also started to panic when he finally noticed the change in her. It was simply not possible, not with any kind of magic he knew. He was aware that there were some potions that could temporarily do so, but none of them drank anything or used any spell that would speed up their age. There was nothing in their past actions that could trigger such a change in both of them. "Is that you Malfoy? Oh, my God ... What is this?" She said looking at herself and finding the change in her too, then looked at him again. The Malfoy she was currently contemplating was different in many ways than the one she knew, even with the poor light coming from the moon. He had a resemblance to his younger self, as she had last seen in the storage room, yet he appeared to be in his mid-twenties now. He was covered in a dark, worn-out coat that he not had before, and his blond-white hair was much longer than before and more scruffy as well. His voice even sounded deeper now and his body seemed taller, leaner and closer to a man than a boy. Undoubtedly, the mature version of Malfoy was definitely handsomer than in the past. It was like looking at the improved version of him. He seemed much more mysterious, but dangerous at the same time with his gray eyes, now a little more blue, that looked at her with penetrating eyes. "Granger ..." Malfoy whispered as he helped lift the equally upgraded version of her from the wet ground while absently looking over her head. She could not imagine how strange she might seem to him now. From what she could see, she was taller now, with more curves and longer hair, but she could not see her own face at that moment. "What kind of magic is this? This should be impossible, are we dreaming?" Hermione asked as she tried to get away from his grasp. She knew he hated her mudblood status the most, but he was not paying any special attention to her, since he was concentrating on something higher in the night sky. "Well, let's pray this is all a dream, because if this is real, we'll be as good as dead." He said taking her hand as he pulled her forward. Strange, why did he take my hand? She wondered a bit confused as she stared at their entwined hands. "Huh? What do you mean?" His hand was cold, but somehow the sensation seemed pleasant to her. "Look up Granger and you'll see what I mean." He made her move faster and she did as she was told. She opened her eyes wide as she realized she saw multiple figures floating above them. She's seen those figures before, last year on the train just before Harry fainted. It was hard not to remember them and their presence would explain the icy atmosphere around them. "Dementors..." She said with her heart beating hastily in fear. "Yeah, a lot of them ... run, just run." He said as he kept pulling her before the Dementors began to move toward them. They were going to die there, Malfoy thought as the adrenaline kept them running for their lives at full speed. Oh yeah, they were actually in deep troubles. No one could escape so many Dementors together and even less with their level of magic. This is going to be our end. He told himself again, just before the ghostly figures went lower. AN: Hope that someone like this. Slow updates. (Half edited for errors and working on the rest soon. 4/26/17)