wand back, preferably without them knowing." "We can jump them," Evelyn joked. "Or I distract them and you grab it off of them." "Yeah, except I don't know who has it." "The little blonde guy. He's the one who said he found it and didn't know what to do with it." "Okay, good! So we'll just find out a way to get the wand from him, return it to Cat before she starts her classes and we'll be golden!" "Sounds like a plan." Goldie looked down the hall. "I don't have any classes until late. What about you?" Evelyn shook her head. "You want to sneak in and see Cat?" "Of course," Evelyn said. "We can tell her our plan." The girls stood and headed for the hospital wing, eager to share their news. Goldie and Evelyn stood beside the bed, looking down at Catlin. She looked a bit better, though she was still badly bruised and her nose was bandaged. "How are you doing?" Goldie asked, then changed the question. "What's the prognosis? Are you gonna make it?" Catlin smiled weakly. "Worse than we thought but better than I hope. Wait … Reverse those. Maybe … I don't know." She took in a deep breath and winced. "When I ran into the tree I broke my nose and fractured some ribs. There's no way to tell if the dog had rabies, so … She's given me tons of potions and now I'm on bed rest until I'm better. At least until I can walk, you know, without passing out from pain. Also, she said I have a concussion – so that's fun." "At least you're alive," Evelyn said, reaching out and patting her leg. "It could've been worse. You could've been taken out by a tree. That's worse than being stomped to death by a deer." "Yeah," Catlin agreed, "when I said I was a 'tree hugger' that's not what I meant." Goldie grinned. "You're fine – you still have a sense of humor. It's once you lose that when all hope is lost." "So," Evelyn said in a low voice, "we have some important information." "What?" The two healthy girls sat on either side of the bed. "You know how you lost your wand?" Evelyn asked. "Yeah ..." "We think we may have found it." "What? Where?" "That's the problem," Goldie said, sighing. "You know those boys we saw last night?" "Yes …?" "We think they have it." "Oh great." "But we're gonna get it back," Evelyn assured her. "We're trying to figure out a way to steal it from them without them noticing." "Well what house are they in? Maybe one of you can sneak in and -" "Already thought of it," said Evelyn. "They're in Gryffindor." Catlin groaned, "So there's no way we're getting in there. Do you have any classes with them?" "I'm not sure," Goldie said. "We'll keep an eye out. But at least we know who has it!" "Plus," Evelyn interjected, "I heard them talking and they're trying to figure out who it belongs to so they can return it." "That's good at least." "True. Uh-oh … I think we need to go." Goldie pointed down the room. "I think Madam Pomfrey is coming. She won't be happy if we're in here." She stood. "I'm glad you're feeling better. How long do you think you'll be here?" "She said maybe a week. She just wants my ribs to heal a little before I go to classes – and to make sure I don't work too hard with my concussion. She also said I can't fly for a couple of months!" "We'll try to visit you again," Evelyn said as she stood. "Do you want us to bring you anything?" "Snacks," she said, saying the only thing she could think of at the moment. Evelyn sighed, "Hufflepuffs … If I manage to sneak any snacks out of the kitchen, there may not be any left by the time I get back here." "Let's go," Goldie said. "We'll see you later." Catlin gave a short wave as the girls slipping out of the hospital wing. It was a little scary to think that those boys had her wand, but there was really nothing she could do. She half wished she hadn't gone out that night, but at the same time she knew once she was better she'd mark on the map where the Whomping Willow was (which was more than accurately named) and they'd all go out again. They were determined to get inside the Shrieking Shack at least once before they graduated – even if that was still years away – and see these ghosts that everyone talked about. No matter how scary or violent or break-the-rules-to-get-a-glimpse it was, they couldn't help but investigate a good ghost story. At least now she could brag that she got these injuries from ghost hunting. Even if ghosts themselves didn't cause them, she did technically get them on the hunt. Madam Pomfrey arrived with another bottle of potion and beef and potato pasties. "I got you something from the kitchen," she said, setting the pies on the table beside the bed. "Mostly because this potion is particularly nasty. If you drink it on an empty stomach – well, you won't have much of a stomach afterward. Eat one pie before and one pie after. You should be just fine then." "Thank you," Catlin said cautiously. Pomfrey left and Catlin picked up one of the meat pies. Eying the bottle of potion warily, she took a bite of the pie. Was this worth it? Was a broken nose, fractured ribs, a black eye, busted lip, concussion, and several months of recovery – not to mention the possibility of detention or being expelled – worth getting a slight glimpse of a ghost that wasn't benevolently haunting the castle halls? She took another bite and smiled even though it hurt her nose. Yes, it was. It was very worth it.