Dressed and ready for the day she woke Severus and made him get ready. Going downstairs as her brother got dressed Hermione sighed at the destruction she met in the front room and kitchen. Choosing to ignore the strewn about furniture in the front room she stepped into the kitchen. Waving her arm across the room she pictured what the room would look like fixed. Standing back she watched the small breakfast table right itself, the four chairs tucking themselves in. The broken plates and glasses mended themselves before floating into the sink to be shortly joined with the cutlery. The food strewn on the floor disappeared and the open cabinets closed. Bracing herself on the refrigerator as a sudden dizzy spell took hold, Hermione closed her eyes waiting for the room to stop spinning. Once it had passed she slowly made her way to the toaster to prepare their breakfast. Sitting at the table as she waited for the toast Hermione tried to centre herself and prepare for the day. Feeling as her magic settled underneath her skin Hermione took comfort in the gentle presence it offered. FLASHBACK Life as an infant was not the most entertaining thing. Well maybe it was to actual infants, but to an eighteen year old witch trapped in an infant version of her body it was...in the politest term mind numbingly boring. Not being able to interact the way she wanted with her environment Hermione had begun to slowly slip into a depressive state, but that changed a month after they turned one. Laying in her cot as Severus cried himself hoarse because he didn't have his favourite blanket Hermione had watched as he pulled himself up on wobbly legs and summoned the blanket to himself from across the room. His simple act of magic had inspired her, she had nothing but time to practise and hopefully perfect wandless and silent casting. It would give her something to do apart from dwelling on painful memories of her past life. With a new purpose she begun to do just that. A year of practising she found that the best she could do was only make her building blocks wobble. Frustrated by her lack of progress Hermione begun to feel the familiar feeling of depression taking hold. Losing herself to memories of her past she remembered the first time she had wrapped her fingers around her wand. The thrum of magic that pulsed as her fingers wrapped around the wand followed by the warmth and gentle buzz as yellow sparks shot out the end, the sense of completeness that washed over her. As Hermione revisited the memory she felt the fleeting presence of her magic course through her. A eureka moment struck her. She had been going about the whole thing the wrong way. Before every spell casting their were three principles that were important to cast a spell successfully. Incantation, visualisation, and intent. Casting with a wand or not the same principle was applied. But Severus at one years old didn't know the summoning charm. He had simply wanted his blanket and his magic had accommodated his request. Accomplishing it by only using visualisation and intent. Bolstered by her realisation Hermione had begun to practise magic sorely based on the new formula, but she once again hit a roadblock. It wasn't simply just being able to visualise what you wanted, she had to find a way to access her magic, bring it forth and push it out to do what she needed. Not losing hope she went back to the memory of finding her wand, focussing on the magic that she felt as her hand connected with the wand for the first time, she begun to search for the same entity within herself. Eighteen months of practising with deep meditation and clearing her mind of everything she had finally managed to sense the presence of her magic. More training had led her to be able to easily sense it and call to it. A few months after their fourth birthday she was able to push her magic out and will it to do what she needed. Even though she was able to easily use magic her young body tired easily if she used magic too demanding. But she was patient, she had time for her body to catch up to her magic. So she trained daily building up her body to do more and more complex spells. PRESENT The popping of the toast pulled her away from her thoughts. Not wanting to risk fainting Hermione decided against using magic so soon and pulled a step stool to the counter, climbing up she took two glasses out. Setting two slices of buttered toast on two plates and accompanying glasses of milk on the table, Hermione rushed to the counter to grab two bananas for both of them. As she sat at the table to eat Severus joined her eating in silence because her brother was not a morning person Hermione swung her legs absentmindedly chewing on the toast and looking forward to getting out of the house for a few hours. Placing the dirty dishes in the sink to join the growing pile the two children made their way to the bathroom to brush their teeth. Dressed in their heavy winter coats the twins held onto each others hands as they made their way down the street to their school. A/N: Honestly this story came about after reading too many flics where Hermione changed blood status and suddenly had amnesia forgetting all the fundamental things that shaped her in to who she is. I love fics that play with canon and change the characters a bit. But after seventeen years of being a muggle-born then a month as a pureblood making you change who you are... Hermione will be mixed race. So please save the reviews informing me that she is white in the book. Anything else I would love to hear from you guys.