the family dog, Cromwell beat his adoptive brother with his fists until he was unconscious, Skelley put a curse on his family to make their mouths seal shut, Coombs tried to poison his adoptive father, Garrik won't speak. To anyone. The Tattersall twins break or burn everything they can get their hands on—truly psychotic, those two. And Denholm threw himself out of a four-story window." He looked up at her frankly and tapped his papers on the desk. "Yeah, so—that's your lot." The back of Hermione's throat hurt—and she felt all the heat drain out of her body. Malfoy glanced at her—then studied her with narrow eyes. "Did they not tell you any of this?" Mutely, she shook her head. "Typical," Malfoy sighed, putting the papers back in the folder. Then, he stood up. "We didn't want this insanity brought into our house, and frankly, nobody in my family is too pleased about any part of this situation." He came around to the side of his desk and folded his arms. He shrugged. "But, it's five years since the war, and we're still trying to clear our name of embarrassment." He gave her a bitter smile. "So here I am, locked up in a drafty old manor with a bunch of balmies, and a Muggle-born House Elf advocate pretending to be a teacher." Hermione glared at him, keeping her voice low. "Thank you for managing to use the euphemism this time." His smirk returned. "I've learned to appreciate the ramifications of using that kind of language in this day and age," he stated. His eyebrows went up. "But you do know that your background will be a definite problem with this lot, don't you?" His smirk grew, and he chuckled. "And you thought I was bad." Her face burning, Hermione took a careful breath and lifted her head. "Then I'll be counting on your support." "Ha. I want nothing to do with this," he shook his head. "My job is to oversee the finances and contact the authorities if any of these idiots becomes destructive or violent." "Then who oversees my curriculum?" Hermione wanted to know, her head spinning. "I'm not the headmaster here—that's your job. I just have to put up with them in my house," Malfoy shot back. "And nobody cares what you teach them, Granger. Just make them useful somehow so they don't all wind up in Azkaban." Malfoy pulled out his wand and lit a lamp on the desk. "And don't waste too much of your time trying to make scholars out of any of them. They none of them have received any formal education. Probably can't even read." "Read," Hermione repeated. "They can't read?" "I don't know," Malfoy snapped, eyeing her sideways. "They've tried to kill anybody who's come near them." Hermione squeezed her hands into fists. "Then what do I have to work with?" she demanded. "Your class will be in the downstairs study," Malfoy said, stepping back around and sitting down in the chair. He leaned back. "My father obtained ten copies of each first-year Hogwarts textbook—used, of course. You'll have to make do with them." He snorted again, as if baffled. "Can you even remember back that far? I can't." "And what about wand practice?" Hermione asked. He looked at her as if she'd asked a stupid question. "None of them have wands ," he said. "What, you want them to burn the place down?" Hermione tightened—but after that list of offenses he'd read… She evened out her voice. "When do I start?" "They'll be here next week, on Thursday," he said, sighing again and rubbing his forehead. "We'll give them the weekend to settle in, get to know their way around. Meantime I'm going to be walking around sealing off rooms I don't want disturbed—or ransacked, rather." He dropped his hand and rolled his eyes. "They'll be sleeping in the east wing, and eating in the long room off the kitchen. I've got five house elves, all of them instructed not to put up with any nonsense, and to escort them from place to place." Draco grabbed the pen and put it in another drawer, not looking at her. "And I don't want you going anywhere except your rooms, the classroom, the owlery tower and the eating room." Hermione ground her teeth, watching him shuffle through more papers. "May I go to the gardens?" "Ugh, of course you may, don't be ridiculous," Malfoy spat. "I didn't mean you couldn't go outside ." "And what about the library?" Malfoy paused, then glanced around the room, frowning. "I guess you can come in here if you have to," he said. "Nobody under the age of eighteen can even walk through the door, anyway, and nobody but a Malfoy can open the drawers of this desk. Just don't try to take any of the books out of the room." "Why not?" she pressed. "They're spelled to disintegrate," he answered absently, pulling out several sheets of paper and a different pen. "And some of them are over three-hundred years old. My father would hear about that." He glanced up at her—and for the first time, that threat gave Hermione a chill. So she just nodded. "All right, I've got nothing more to tell you. You can just…go back to your room, I suppose." Malfoy shuffled the papers and positioned them so he could write. "I'll have dinner sent up to you at seven." Hermione couldn't bring herself to say "thank you." So she just nodded again, turned and headed toward the door. "Granger," Malfoy said. She stopped, grinding her teeth. She slowly faced him again, waiting to find some saucy look on his face… But he gazed back at her with vivid—almost threatening—seriousness. "The teaching desk in your classroom belonged to Professor Snape," he stated. "I trust you'll look after it." Hermione stared at him, thrown. Then, unable to speak, she nodded for a third time, and left the study. To be continued…if you like!