Charles but I knew you'd need it more than he did. This is a two way mirror, I have the other half, its used so that you and I can talk to each other from anywhere at anytime, your father and I used to use them all the time in detention. If you ever need to speak to me about anything just say Padfoot into the mirror and I'll answer you. Love Uncle Padfoot Harry looked at the letter and smiled. Sirius was his favourite uncle and Harry felt like he was closer to Sirius, Moony and the Tonks family than his own family minus Dorea. Harry had grown up around the Tonks as Sirius had taken him there quite often, they elder Tonks Andromeda and Ted always made him feel welcome, he had formed a close friendship with Nymphadora who treated him like a younger brother she had just finished her 7th year in June and was now in the Auror program. Harry picked up the mirror out of the box to have a look at it, it was quite small being the same size as the palm of his hand. Thinking back to the conversation at dinner Harry realised he needed some advice. "Padfoot" said Harry anxiously. Sirius's face appeared on the screen looking directly at him. "Harry, to what do I owe this pleasure?" answered Sirius smiling. "I need to talk to you about something important" "Is it a girl, its always good to start young, find yourself a nice pretty girl and-" said Sirius before Harry interrupted him. "Uncle, I'd more likely go to Uncle Moony for dating advice, but that's not what I wanted to talk about, its just, Uncle what would you say if I told you I wanted to go into Slytherin?" said Harry. Sirius was quite shocked by this, but he composed himself before answering. "Harry, it is your choice where you want to be sorted, you know my feelings on Slytherin house but that does not matter, if you want to be in Slytherin you know I will support you, may I ask why you wish to be in Slytherin though" said Sirius calmly causing Harry to smile. "Everyone knows Slytherin has a reputation for dark wizards, but I want to prove people wrong, I want to prove that Slytherin can produce good wizards, you get where I'm coming from" replied Harry. "That's brilliant, what do your parents and siblings think?" said Sirius. Harry's smile faded. "I told them at dinner, it didn't go well, Mum didn't say anything but I could tell she wasn't happy, Dad was quite unhappy about my choice but he didn't say much, Dorea smiled at me though, she's the only one happy for me, and I'm sure you can guess what happened with Charles" said Harry solemnly. "He didn't take it well, I'm not surprised by your father's reaction, he's always hated Slytherin house, your mothers surprises me a bit but she must still be mistrusting of Slytherin over what Snape had done to her, your brother surprises me though, I thought he would have grown out of this hatred by now" said Sirius. "I think he now expects me to go dark, he said as much" laughed Harry. "You know something Harry, you remind me of myself sometimes, I was from a family of Slytherins and wanted to change history by being sorted somewhere else, I chose to be a Gryffindor just like you are choosing to be a Slytherin, everyone expeted me to be a Slytherin, but I said no, I told them that I was making my own choices in life, and going to Gryffindor was probably the best choice I ever made" replied Sirius. "Thanks Uncle" said Harry smiling at him. "Its alright Harry" replied Sirius. There was a knock at the door. "Who is it?" said Harry. "Its Dorea" said Dorea from outside the door. "Come on in" said Harry "Well I'll leave you to talk to your sister in private, I'll be coming round on Tuesday, you should have your letter by then" replied Sirius who ended the conversation as the door opened and Dorea walked in. She walked over to the bed and jumped on it next to him as Harry put the mirror on his bedside table. "Harry, I'm sorry for what happened at dinner" said Dorea sadly. "Its ok Rea, its not your fault" said Harry putting his hand on her shoulder. "Its not fair though, them acting like that just cause you want to be in Slytherin" said Dorea. "Hey don't worry about it kiddo, I will make sure that I am in Slytherin, wonder if I'll get a howler the day after sorting" laughed Harry. Dorea smiled. "Now come here and give your brother a hug" said Harry as he opened his arms towards her. Dorea launched herself into his chest to give him a hug. "What house do you think I should go for?" said Dorea. "Whatever house you want to be in, and know this" said Harry looking into her eyes. "Whatever house you choose will not change anything, you'll still be my baby sister, and I'll always look after you" continued Harry smiiling. Dorea smiled at him with slight tears coming out of her eyes. "Thank you, your the best brother ever" said Dorea. "By the way what were you using to speak to Uncle Padfoot?" Dorea continued. "My birthday present, the two way mirror he gave me" replied Harry picking up the mirror from the bedside table and showing her. "That's awesome, will you show me how to use it?" said Dorea in awe. "I will another time but not now, and off subject I see you enjoyed my description of Ron Weasley" smirked Harry putting the mirror into the drawer on his bedside table. "I did, he's a total kiss ass anyway" replied Dorea smiling. Harry burst out in laughter The two continued to talk long into the night.