she was the frigid type who refused to do something so unsavory more often than was absolutely necessary to land a husband or if Weasley was just a useless troll that didn't want anything to stand in the way of rutting. After that clearly attention-starved kiss, he guessed than later. He threaded his fingers through her smooth curls, almost possessively, and lied to put her at ease before he could realize he was doing it, "Some is better than others, but I've yet to receive bad head." She showed her appreciation by smiling, opening the front of his robes and the fly of his trousers. His cock voiced its appreciation by lurching out in greeting, showing far more enthusiasm than its owner would ever would. "Oh you've got to be kidding me," Granger hissed at it. Severus actually smiled, a pleasant surge of vanity the less-than attractive man rarely got to experience. He was well endowed. "Not familiar with such a large tool, witch?" "Of course I am," she snipped with a blush, "My aunt had horses when I was growing up…" His snicker turned into a deep groan as she wrapped her warm hand tentatively around his base and gave him a little lick up his shaft. It was an armature move to the extreme but looking down at such a beautiful creature servicing him more than made up for her lack of finesse. She kept her eyes trained up at him with every gentle lapping, searching out his reactions in order to hone in on his likes. Her gaze was almost reverent, a far cry from the whores that diverted their attention and tried to pretend they hadn't gotten stuck with a cold ex-Death Eater. " Good girl ," he choked out his praise, his grip on her hair careful but tightening with the pulse in his sack. Hermione positively lit up under his approval, doubling her efforts. He thought fleetingly that he would have thrown her a compliment more often when she was a student had he known how gorgeous she was when trebling with excitement. He hissed as her fingers kneaded his balls daintily. "A quick study as always, Miss Granger," he crooned, eyes trailing that prefect pink tongue, "But show me you know how to use that sweet mouth to do more than annoy. Suck me, princess ." Severus was disappointed that term came out sounding more like an endearment than the mild ribbing he'd been shooting for. It was hard to remember to dislike a witch when she was looking up at him like that. "I'll try," she panted out as she sat up higher off her haunches and slipped her burning mouth over the top of him. " Merlin ," he threw his head back as she attempted to stuff herself with his member. Heavily muscled thighs ached with the impulse to thrust, to fuck that fantastic slim throat—and had she been anyone else, or had she stopped looking at him with so much trust, he would have been balls deep in her. " Easy, witch… you don't have to hurt yourself to make it good. You can worry about getting all of me inside when I get to fuck you." She whimpered and he was shocked at the eagerness of the sound. His hand guided her back to a much more reasonable depth and she hummed around him gratefully. Severus decided then and there that she was the best thing that ever happened to his cock, regardless that she was only able to take half of it in. She watched him the entire time, her huge eyes soaking up his pleasure in a way that would have succeeded in making the wizard feel self-conscious had he been able to process anything but the sensations she was inducing. "Fuck," he yelped as the little witch established a rhythm sure to kill his dubious endurance, "Your going to earn every Knut of that money aren't you, little wench? Worth every Knut …" The smell of her own musky scent of arousal wafting up to him was what truly did him in. It wasn't a delicacy the unattractive man was able to experience often and like all males, it left him trembling with the a rush of testosterone and an unbearable urgency to spill his seed. "I'm going to come," he just barely had the decency to hiss out in warning, "I want to watch you swallow me down, princess. Can you do that?" Severus didn't give her much time to think over his request before his vision of her was blurred by the blinding white pleasure of his release. He felt her throat convulse around the tip of him multiple time as she swallowed back what he was sure was the biggest load he'd ever ejaculated. He had very little lucidity to his thoughts in the moments after his orgasm. He may have proposed to the blessed witch. Snape tucked his sensitive member into his trousers as the pink-cheeked woman perched her small bum on the corner of the desk directly in front of him. He couldn't believe that the pretty female had the audacity to look uncertain after such a performance. "Was that a good start?" she asked timidly. The dark wizard would have strangled her for making him lose his constant hold on control but he wasn't sure he had any bones left in his body with which to lift him arms. "I'll see you and your son at noon in two days time, Granger. Don't be late." This is my first time trying to write SS/HG, though I'm a huge fan of it. Let me know what you think if you have the time! Thanks tons for reading either way. 12.31.2011- Someone more of less beta'ed this chapter via not-logged in review signed SevereWrath. lol I can't thank them because I don't know if it's their actual account, but I totally appreciate it and I went though and made those changes.