softly. Victoire shook her head. "No," she whispered. "No…I'm fine." Teddy nodded, but then wrapped his arm around her, pulling her close. At last, they reached the large granite headstone that Victoire had seen only twice before. Two names were carved into the gray stone in bold lettering. REMUS and TONKS Gently pulling away from Teddy, Victoire got to her knees in front of the grave. For several moments, she simply stared at the words, trying to let them sink in. "It doesn't say their full names," Victoire said finally, her voice tight. "I…I never noticed." Teddy let out a gruff chuckle from behind her. "Yeah…it was my gran's idea—her way of finally accepting that my mum hated her name, I reckon." Victoire tried to smile, but she couldn't. Teddy's words had ignited something within her—a realization, an understanding—that Nymphadora Tonks had once lived—laughed—grumbled about her name—that Remus Lupin had once held his son—once stood at the head of an army, fighting for Teddy's future… Hot tears burned Victoire's cheeks. With a shaking finger, she gently touched the 'T' in 'TONKS.' "Thank you," she whispered—two words, and they were all she could manage. Suddenly, Victoire felt Teddy's hand on her shoulder, and she squeezed her eyes shut—and then, the very next instant, she found herself in a crushing embrace from which Teddy did not release her for a long while. One. Dominique and Malcolm 31 December 2029 Dominique smiled across the sitting room of Malcolm's flat, sipping champagne. Malcolm and Magnus had their heads together over a wireless radio, listening intently to a rerun of a recent Scotland versus Ireland Quidditch match. In all her years of loving Quidditch, Dominique had only ever known Woods to be so enraptured by reruns. "Happy New Year, Harpy." Dominique turned. Melinda, Malcolm's older sister, had just entered the flat. Dominique grinned. "Happy New Year." "I reckon I've got to be nice to you now that you're almost family," Melinda sighed exaggeratedly. "Even if you are a Harpy ." Dominique laughed. "Malcolm's managed it." "Yes, well, he's getting something more out of it, isn't he?" Melinda smirked. "Where is he—oh." She spotted her brothers hunched over the wireless and rolled her eyes. "Does this always happen?" Dominique asked, amused. "Wait until my cousins get here—it'll be a madhouse," Melinda muttered. "Wood men can't do a single holiday without Quidditch. My mum and I are the only sane ones." "Debatable," Dominique snorted. "You were my Quidditch captain, remember? I haven't forgotten the early morning practices." Melinda laughed. "I suppose neither of us are what they call 'normal girls.'" She paused, beaming at Dominique. "Still, it's nice to have another one around here." Suddenly, there was an explosion of cursing, and both Dominique and Melinda swiveled around. "Half-time, and Ireland's one goal ahead," Magnus groaned. Melinda rolled her eyes. "Mags, this match is a week old. You know Scotland wins—" "Bloody hell, Mel, don't ruin it!" Melinda made an exasperated noise, disappearing into the kitchen. "I'm getting food." Dominique chuckled, walking to the sofa and sitting next to Malcolm. He looked up and grinned at her, slipping an arm around her waist. "What d'you reckon this year's going to be like?" he whispered in her ear. Dominique felt the band of warmth where her engagement ring sat on her left hand, and smiled. "Best one yet." Happy New Year. Louis and Adelaide 1 January 2025 "'Ow many girlfriends 'ave you 'ad?" Louis's cheeks flushed. "Erm…" Adelaide looked amused. "Don't worry, I am not your muzzer." Louis grinned ruefully. "Right…well…nine. Ten, if you count an eight-day-long thing from my seventh year—which I don't." Adelaide laughed. "You 'ave been busy." Louis ran a hand through his hair. "No…just—er—slightly stupid about girls." Adelaide smiled. "Well, it eez your turn to ask a question." Louis studied Adelaide's face where they sat in the seaside backyard of his grandparents' Marseilles mansion. Dimly, he could hear the rumble of chatter from inside—his grandparents' New Year's parties were famous. "Why did you want to be a Healer?" Adelaide looked surprised. "I 'ave wanted to heal since I was six," she said softly, smiling. "It…it eez more zan saving people. It eez healing families—saving 'appiness." Louis felt something stir within him, a rush of something electric. "My turn," Adelaide whispered. "Why did you find me after your godmuzzer's funeral?" Louis closed his eyes. "It's stupid," he muttered. "I was angry at you—" "You never said zat." Louis opened his eyes. "Because I knew…the moment I saw you that you…you felt, just as hard." Adelaide was quiet for a moment. "Zat eez a good answer." Louis looked at her. "You are a good person." Adelaide gazed back at him. Suddenly, there was a burst of sound from the house, and they both jumped. "That'll be the countdown," Louis rose from the garden bench, holding out his hand. "We should go." Adelaide smiled, taking his hand. "… cinq … quatre … trois …" "You are a good person, too, Louis Weasley," Adelaide murmured—and Louis was suddenly aware of how close she was. Her face was inches from his own, her bright blue eyes blazing. "… deux … une … bonne année! " And as the clock struck twelve on the first of January, Louis Weasley kissed Adelaide Moreau in a field of sea lavender, and his only wish was that he never had to stop. Author's Note: HAPPY NEW YEAR, EVERYONE! Wishing all of you lovely people every bit of prosperity and happiness the world has to offer in the coming year. Special thanks to Gizzy's Mama for the idea for this story; this one's for you! I'm humbled and honored that so many of you loved my OCs and embarrassingly extensive Next Gen head canon from TDoC enough to request more about them. For this story, I challenged myself by limiting myself to a word count: 325 words per couple. ('Six' is 650 words since there are two couples.) Hope you enjoyed! Much love, Ari