be inside her again. A sinful smirk curved his lips upward and Lily was tugging at the cuffs, half crazed with wanting and needing. His prick, hard and oh so close, tempted and teased as it slid against her once more. "It was the option I'd hoped you would pick when you asked my name." She groaned, arching as he sat back and rolled the condom down his impressive length. She licked her lips as he poised himself at her entrance, his movements calm and deliberate. She envied him his control. Her tongue wet her lips again and she hesitated, biting her lower one. Could she do it? Could she beg him like that? Did she want to? She only had an answer for the last question. His hands glided up her splayed thighs. "Tell me, Lily," he said firmly. "Please…" She pulled at the cuffs again, perfectly helpless, hot and horny and aching for fulfilment. "Please, Master." The words came out as a barely audible whimper. He sank into her, to the hilt, but all too soon he pulled back again, almost completely out. "Again," he demanded. Lily moaned, pride completely gone, and panted with need. "Please, Master," she said again, the bliss coiling tightly within her as he thrust home again. "Yes, yes !" He moved faster now, in and out, in and out, setting a punishing rhythm. "Again my naughty girl," he growled, moving impossibly faster. "Please, please..." Lily was almost incoherent with pleasure. The crescendo was building perfectly, close now, so close, so, so close ! "Please, Master!" "Come for me," he ground out, pummelling her and Lily felt the wave of purest bliss cresting perfectly, her world teetering on the brink of nirvana. "Yes, Scorpius!" she cried, meeting his almost black eyes and heard, as though from very far away, him grunting her name. And then she was lost to the most intense orgasm she'd ever experienced in her admittedly limited history. It razed her completely, that all-consuming pleasure, as his body took ownership of her own. It could have been moments or days later, Lily wasn't entirely sure, but she was aware of a faint clicking noise, and felt her arms being drawn down. Her eyes fluttered open, unable to move more than to suck in lungfuls of grateful oxygen. "Wow," she breathed when she trusted her voice enough to speak. Her blond lover smirked at her, his dark grey eyes heavy lidded. "I told you," he said smugly. Lily had to stifle a yawn. "Mmm," she agreed. She tried to keep her suddenly very heavy eyelids open. "I should go now," she mumbled. "In a minute, darling," he said, and brushed her hair from her face tenderly. Her eyelids fluttered shut despite her best efforts. "Don't let me sleep, I have to go home," she said through another yawn. "It won't be worth the lecture if I don't," she mumbled to herself. "Just close your eyes," his deep voice said against her ear. Lily was pretty sure her eyes were already closed. "Only for a second," she breathed. Scorpius could tell the precise moment her brain disengaged and she succumbed to sleep, her breathing evening out, mouth parted ever so slightly. The next moment he slipped from his bed, looking down at her naked form. She was exquisitely lovely still, even with her lipstick gone and her eye makeup smudged. He had to exert a decent amount of willpower to temper the urge to touch her again, everywhere. The blond man hadn't been with a woman like Lily in a long while, and he tried not to read too much into her willingness to be shackled to his bed after only a very minor resistance. It was damn difficult. And then she'd called him Master, without even being prompted, once he'd had her restrained and at his mercy. Jesus fucking Christ ! Handcuffs were one thing, but that had been something else entirely. And much harder to resist reading into. Just thinking about it, those lovely eyes locked to his while she was cuffed to the fucking headboard, her pretty little mouth addressing him like a proper submissive, was enough to have his arousal stirring again. Shit ! He could already picture her in his dungeon, restrained, begging him for release. Fuck ! Scorpius looked back at her sleeping form. She looked so innocently young while she slept, her face relaxed, long lashes brushing her cheeks. He wondered if she could possibly be open to his particular brand of erotic enjoyment. God, I hope so . It had been far too long for his liking since he'd had a lover in that regard. Sure, he could go to the clubs downtown, and he had his fair share of available subs who wouldn't mind playing for a night, but where was the fun in that? He'd always distinctly preferred to have a submissive all to himself, a slut others might look upon but that only he was allowed to touch, and taste, and pleasure. Was Lily such a woman? God, he found himself sincerely hoping she was. He realized he was pacing and stopped, raking a hand through his blond hair. There was only one way to know for certain. He smirked at that thought as he slipped back into bed with her, fitting himself around her sleeping form. He would simply have to wait patiently, and coax and encourage her, as far as she was willing of course, to become his own personal slut. Luckily, he'd always been determined, persistent, and persuasive. He liked to think it was what made him a good lawyer in his professional life. Yes, if it could be done at all, he felt confident he he would keep Lily as his lover and submissive. He would teach her everything. Smiling to himself, he glanced at the handcuffs lying in the rumpled sheets beside her, and left them where they lay. Hopefully she'd see them when she awoke. XXX