Two of them were the boys who had helped Arella earlier, James Potter and Sirius Black, while the third was someone that Arella didn't know. Soon the group of first years was led into the Great Hall by Professor McGonagall. Nervous, as well as curious, Arella looked around as she walked with the other first years into the Great Hall. All the older students were watching these new younger students either curiously, wanting to see who was new to the school, or bored, having already done the same walk themselves. Candles danced in the air and the one thing that caught Arella's eye the most was the ceiling. Tonight is showed a clear night sky with hundreds of stars glowing brightly, each twinkling as she passed beneath them. A nudge from Lily, however, tore Arella's gaze from the ceiling and she turned her attention to her new friend. Lily pointed towards Professor McGonagall, who had now stopped and stood by the large podium beside her on a stool sat a worn looking hat. The witch held a piece of parchment that had the names of each of the new students. The Professor then called out the first name on the list. "Abbott, Michael!" The boy who had been called walked up to the stool that held the Sorting Hat. Professor McGonagall picked up the hat and the boy sat gingerly onto the stool. Once seated the teacher placed the hat onto the boy's head and a few minutes later the hat called out "Hufflepuff!" After the first person was called forward Arella stopped paying attention to the sorting ceremony and her gaze fell upon the beautiful red bird that sat on the top of a familiar person's chair. The person was of course the headmaster but it was the bird that intrigued Arella. It was the same bird that Arella had often seen flying near her home when she was younger. ' Why would I see the Headmaster's bird at home?' Arella thought as she gazed at the bird that was also looking directly at her as if it understood what she was thinking. ' Why wouldn't you?' a soft and gentle male voice asked in Arella's mind. ' Who are you?' Arella thought with narrowed eyes. " Endsong…or as I prefer Fawkes," the bird replied. ' And I was watching over you Phoenix Blessed.' ' Why?' Arella asked mentally. 'And how am I talking to you?' ' I wanted to protect you' was the bird's reply. 'We are talking because we are connected. All will become clearer as you grow.' "Black, Sirius!" The familiar name broke the conversation Arella and the phoenix was having in secret. Arella watched as the hat was put onto the black haired boy. Within a few minutes the hat called out Gryffindor. The boy hopped off the stool clearly happy about being in Gryffindor as he walked over to his house table. "Well that was a surprise," Severus muttered offhandedly. "Why?" Arella asked. "He's a pureblood and his whole family is big on purity of blood," Severus answered simply. "Oh…" Arella uttered distractedly. The rest of the B names and C names went by quickly and soon the Professor got to Arella's name. "Danvers, Arella!" Nervously Arella walked through the students in front of her, passing by Remus and his other two friends as well, towards the podium and stool. She walked up to the stool and carefully sat on it. Professor McGonagall gently placed the hat upon her head. " Hmmm….interesting, very interesting, a child of the House of d'Athane….hmmm you would do well in each of the houses. You are loyal and just but too courageous for Hufflepuff. There is wisdom to you and you could fit in nicely with Ravenclaw and you are pure enough for Slytherin. Yes you could do very well there little d'Athane. Hmmm….but your courage, you courage is strong and your kindness matches it," the Hat said into Arella's mind. " My last name is Danvers, not d'Athane ," Arella thought to the Hat. " It is now but it wasn't always," the hat replied. "Where do you think you belong?" " I don't know…" Arella replied. "I'll take where ever you put me. I know I'll do fine in any of them. Although I'm not sure I'll like it in Slytherin." " No…Hmmm….yes I think I shall place you there," the hat said softly before shouting "Gryffindor!" Arella let out a sigh, thankful she wasn't in Slytherin. Something about the house made her skin crawl. Quickly she got off the stool and went over to the table assigned to the Gryffindor students. The rest of the ceremony passed quickly. Lily was placed in Gryffindor as well as was Remus, James and their other friend Peter Pettigrew. Arella and Lily sat together with two of their new year-mates, Alice McKinnon and Mina Carter. The feast continued, the Headmaster giving a welcoming speech and reminding the students of the rules. Once the feast was over the houses then retreated to their common rooms. The rest of Arella's first year continued to be uneventful. Arella became close to three of her year mates while the other two she kept at arm's length. Darla Rowe and Roslyn Trengrove were both too snobbish for Arella's taste and she only spoke to them when necessary. Arella and Remus both remained friends, however, they each spent more time with their new friends verses each other. It didn't help that Remus and his friends always seemed to be pulling pranks either. The ones that irritated Arella the most were the ones that were against Severus as she had become sort of friends with him because of Lily. The first four years passed quietly for Arella. She and Remus kept an acquaintance friendship, as Remus was always busy with his new friends and Arella was busy with both her classes and her own new friends. It would be fifth year that our story truly begins.