a fraction of what happened the night Scorpius broke Rose's heart, only the bits and pieces she was able to pull from her best friend's hysterics, and the things she observed. She had always wondered about the full story, but wasn't willing to bring up the past and the pain. "I don't know everything," she began, wondering if she should be telling him any of it. But once the words were out, it was too late; Albus would have gotten it out of her one way or another. "Rose told me her crush on Scorpius began in our third year. It grew from there, to out-of-control, Scorpius-was-the-only-thing-on-her-mind, couldn't-focus-on-anything proportions. In sixth year, she'd had enough of the daydreaming—she wanted the real thing. One night, she dragged Scorpius to an unused corridor in the castle and confessed her feelings. Obviously they weren't returned, because by the time I found her hours later, still alone in that dark corridor, heartbroken, she was an utter mess. Do you remember that time she spent almost a week straight in the Hospital Wing with bandaged arms? That was when it happened. She just couldn't deal with all of the stress she was under so she hurt herself, burned her flesh pretty horribly. It's a miracle the scars aren't still visible, but magic is marvelous that way." By that point in Kaydee's tale, Albus was fuming. Scorpius, his BEST FRIEND in the whole world aside from Kaydee, was the reason his cousin hurt herself. He could barely consume his rage enough to work out that this was the incident that broke up Scorpius and Rose's friendship. He would have never guessed back then that Rose liked Scorpius, what with the way she regarded him, and sassed him. "Calm down, Albus," Kaydee murmured, clearly able to see him murdering his best friend in his mind. "It wasn't Scorpius's fault Rose did what she did. Yes, he played a part in it, but Rose could have acknowledged that she had a problem. I'm not saying that she was in the wrong either, but we were always there for her. She kept a lot of things buried back then, things I am sworn to secrecy about, so don't even try it, Mister." Silence fell between the two of them. Albus wanted to question what things Rose kept quiet, but he knew he would get nowhere in that conversation, so he moved on to trying to wrap his head around why his best friend told his cousin no. "I'm a little confused about something," Albus admitted. "You're a little confused about a lot of things, Hunny," Kaydee joked, sticking out her tongue at him. "But what are you muddled about this time?" "I understand that in some variation or another, Scorpius told Rose that he didn't like her, or that they couldn't be together. What I don't understand is why, if he did that back then, if he didn't actually like her, would he feel the need to ask about her every single time I see him, most times even before asking about you and me? And why is it when he asks about her, he has a weird look of longing in his eyes? Is he just trying to toy with her emotions, hoping that I would tell her every time her name passed his lips?" It was a very good question, indeed. Kaydee took a few moments to mull it over. "I'm not sure why Scorpius told her he didn't like her back then, but maybe now that he's matured, he realizes that he made a horrible mistake and missed out on an amazing person?" "But should he be allowed a second chance with her?" "What do you mean?" Confusion colored Kaydee's features. "This morning, I went into Rose's room to ask if she wanted to go to James's match today." "Albus, what did you do?" Kaydee groaned, knowing she would be in for a discussion later that night, when Rose returned home. Albus raised his hands in defeat. "I didn't do it on purpose! I was just waiting for her to wake up, and I heard her say his name, Scorpius. She was dreaming of him. So I figured when she saw him at the game, they'd begin the repair process on their friendship. It didn't quite work that way. Throughout the match, Rose couldn't keep her eyes off him. I thought my plan was working. It blew up in my face, though, when we went back to congratulate James and his team on their win. I guess Rose had no clue who Scorpius was while he played. But the moment he said her name, she knew. Boy, did she know. Not even a minute passed before she disapparated, mumbling something about lunch with Aunt Hermione and Uncle Ron, leaving us standing there like a bunch of idiots. How was I supposed to know what happened between them? Nobody tells me anything!" Kaydee placed her hand on Albus's. "It's okay, love. You couldn't possibly have known. Your heart was in the right place. And you weren't wrong. Rose DOES still have feelings for Scorpius; she just won't admit it to herself. A girl never forgets her first love, even if he never loved her back." She paused, considering her next words. "So the only question left is, do we get involved, or do we leave it up to chance that they'll bridge the gap themselves?" Albus didn't know how to answer her question. On the one hand, he only wanted happiness for Rose, and Scorpius, as well. But should Scorpius get a second chance at what he missed out on the first time? Albus wasn't sure if he did, but he figured if he were in the same position with Kaydee, he would have wanted the opportunity to, at the very least. "So we're doing this? We're really doing everything in our power to fix things between Rose and Scorpius?" "It looks like we are," answered Albus.