I couldn't do what you do… skipping class and just not caring at all. It's too much pressure for me." Scorpius put a hand over his heart. "It's nice to see some recognition for our Slytherin reputation sometimes. Thanks for that Rose, really." I smiled despite myself at his fake sincerity but remembered what he'd said before about detention. "I already served my detention tonight though." "What? Why?" Now Scorpius looked really confused. "Because I deserved it! I wasted a teacher's time in class and if I can't be trusted to even pay attention, then how can I be trusted with something bigger, like being Head Girl?" "Putting aside that crazy thought process, what the hell are you even doing here then?" he demanded. "People can't actually know I got in trouble," I explained. "It would ruin everything, my whole reputation now, any possible career paths in the future. I can't have worked this hard for so long to have it all ruined by one mistake." To my horror, I felt my eyes begin to well up with tears. Scorpius looked distinctly uncomfortable but concerned nonetheless. "Look, one detention isn't the end of the world. All of your other cousins get detentions and they don't care." He passed me a handkerchief with SHM embroidered in green thread. So Slytherin and yet another reminder that I was consorting with the enemy. "But look, if you really want to, we can get rid of the records for it." I blew my nose. "I tried already but I can't find it. How can you have this much paper and not have any sort of organizational system? I mean, it's not that hard to set up a process that works for you and is easy to follow! Who isn't organized in this day and age anymore?! What kind of villainous, fiendish, brutish, savage barbarian does this kind of heinous-" "Rose," Scorpius said, interrupting my rant. "As much as I agree with you, we should really start looking for your detention." "You agree with me?" I was absurdly pleased. "Of course. You should see my roommate Damien." He looked disgusted. "The guy's a complete mess, doesn't know where his socks are half the time. A real man should know how to organize his damn underwear drawer." I think I fell a little bit in love. Who knew a Slytherin bad boy would be into organization? I finally got up from underneath the table and Scorpius handed me my wand. " Accio Rose Weasley's detention slip." With a flick of his wand, Scorpius had the offending piece of paper fly neatly to his hand. My jaw fell open. Accio. I could have just used Accio instead of wasting so much time sorting through the rubbish in those cabinets. "I guess that's why you weren't in Ravenclaw," Scorpius echoed my thoughts with a smirk. "Now would you like to do the honors?" I beamed and prepared to set that stupid detention slip on fire. Unfortunately, I was a little too exuberant and the flames that burst out of my wand ended up nearly reaching the ceiling. A loud alarm rang out and water started pouring down from the charmed ceiling of the office. "Run!" Scorpius had the presence of mind to thankfully grab the Cloak and Map on the way out as we sprinted away from the scene of the crime. "So there's no alarm for a break-in but there's a whole charm system set up for a fire? Why is that more likely than a break-in?" I puffed out, running for my life. "Who cares?" Just when I was getting my breath back, I heard dozens of footsteps headed our way with McGonagall's voice distinguishable among the crowd. Scorpius and I froze, staring at each other until he grabbed my hand and dragged me down an empty hallway. "They shouldn't find us down here," he said, listening intently at the teachers who ran by. "To Gryffindor Tower then?" "Oh, you don't have to go all the way there," I said, surprised. "It's pretty far from the Slytherin common rooms, isn't it?" Scorpius shook his head gravely. "Can't tell you that. The location of the Slytherin rooms is a secret we snakes take to the grave, especially when it comes to Gryffindors." He smiled wryly. "Besides, knowing your luck, you'd most definitely be caught. I'm doing the castle a favor by letting them actually get some sleep. Someone needs to stop you from creating the ruckus you'd no doubt make without me there to guide you." "You know, you never told me what you were doing in Filch's office," I said as we started walking again. "I was in the kitchens with Zabini. We were walking back to our dorms when we heard some strange noises coming from Filch's office. Zabini had no interest in getting involved but I just had to see who destroyed an office like that." He grinned at my embarrassed face. "But what were you doing in the kitchens this late?" He eyed me suspiciously then shrugged. "You've been through a lot today, Weasley, so I won't go into the details but just avoid eating at the Gryffindor table tomorrow." I frowned. That sounded suspiciously familiar… Finally we reached the Fat Lady's portrait. "Well, thanks for helping me get rid of my detention slip and not telling anyone about this and then-" "You're welcome, Rose." Scorpius cut me off before I could go on to list another 10 things. "And good night. Try not to trip on anything on your way up to bed." He shot me a wink. I beamed and turned to close the portrait as I went inside when I suddenly remembered what had seemed so familiar to me before. "Scorpius!" I called out. He turned around expectantly. "Don't eat at the Slytherin table tomorrow!" I grinned to myself as the portrait door shut in his confused face. I'd suppose I'd see him at the Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff tables tomorrow.