take a seat next to Angelina. Then, releasing a slow, deep breath, Hannah turned around to face the expanse at large once again. Madam Pomfrey had put Hannah and Alicia Spinnet—both of whom had proved themselves very useful over the past half-hour—in charge of leading the healing efforts for adults and children with minor injuries. Even as Hannah watched, Alicia got to her knees in front of a badly bruised second year with a bottle of dittany, her expression simultaneously calm and kind. Whatever Mrs. Longbottom said, Hannah didn't feel much like a talented witch at the moment. Hannah pressed her lips together, her stomach twisting into a horrible knot. What kind of a Healer could she be, if she couldn't keep a clear head at a time like this? The hushed murmurs in the Great Hall seemed to swoop in on her, suffocating her— "Hannah!" Hannah whirled around just in time to see a tearstained Susan Bones stumble into the Great Hall, flanked by Luna Lovegood. Between them, they were supporting— " Ernie ," Hannah gasped, rushing forward. "Oh, my—what happened—?" "His body—he's been paralyzed," Susan cried, without preamble, tears spilling down her pink cheeks. "He was hit by some curse, he can barely stand, Hannah—please, do something!" Susan's terror was stifling—Hannah's chest seemed to fill with despair, as she gaped at the unconscious form of her boyfriend—ex-boyfriend, she reminded herself—suddenly feeling just as helpless and incapable of movement as he obviously was. "Hannah!" Susan sobbed. "Hannah, do something —!" "Hannah," Luna interrupted, her voice quite calm, in striking contrast to Susan's breathless sobs. "Come on, Hannah, think—you know what to do. Is there a spell—a potion? What do we need to give him?" Hannah looked at Luna, her expression frozen in shock. And then, at last, with the greatest effort it had ever cost her, Hannah forced herself to clear her mind and think. At once filled with new purpose, she drew herself up to her full height. "Bring him over here," she commanded, sweeping her long mane of gingery blond hair over her shoulder, as she led Susan and Luna towards the raised platform upon which the injured were being treated. Together, Susan and Luna half-walked, half-dragged Ernie towards the platform. Deftly, without missing a beat, Hannah reached inside a nearby medical kit, withdrawing two vials of pain potion, along with a small tube of Essence of Vitality. Snatching up an empty goblet from the stack on the table, Hannah tipped the two vials, along with the tube, into the goblet, stirring the concoction with her wand. "Here—make sure he drinks this completely," Hannah gave the goblet to Luna, who appeared to be far calmer and better-equipped to act than Susan, who looked near-comatose. Hannah reached out and squeezed her best friend's hand. Then, reaching inside the medical kit, Hannah procured a standard spellbook of medical incantations, quickly flipping it open to the page she needed. Stepping towards Ernie, Hannah raised her wand and looked at Luna. "Did you feed him the entire potion?" "I—yes, I think so," Luna said, glancing into the empty goblet. "Good," Hannah declared, as she reached out and gently touched the side of Ernie's pale neck, ensuring a pulse. "Because this is going to hurt. Corpore motum! " A jet of amber light shot from the tip of Hannah's wand, directly at Ernie's legs—Ernie's eyes shot open and he bellowed loudly in agony. Susan gasped, clapping her hands over her mouth. "What are you doing?" she cried, her eyes wide with horror. "I'm stimulating his nervous system," Hannah said, raising her wand again. " Corpore motum! " Ernie let out another howl of pain, his eyes rolling backwards, and Susan shrieked, throwing herself between Ernie and Hannah. "Stop it!" she said frantically. "Stop it, Hannah—you're hurting him!" "Susan, she's helping him," Luna began—but Susan shook her head, her expression slightly manic. "Susan," Hannah stepped forward, her voice serious. "Listen to me." "No," Susan gasped. "No—no, Hannah, I won't let you—!" "Susan Georgina Bones," Hannah said loudly, seizing Susan by the shoulders and giving her a shake. "If you don't let me do this, Ernie will never be able to stand again, much less walk!" Susan mouthed soundlessly at Hannah. Hannah released her best friend, her expression resolute. "We can't give up on him, Susan," Hannah said firmly, swallowing heavily. "If there's one thing you—and Ernie—have taught me since…since sixth year, it's that—that you can't give up just because things aren't…pretty." Susan looked up and met Hannah's gaze, her eyes suddenly blazing with a fierce, familiar loyalty—and immediately, inexplicably, Hannah was transported to the beginning of her sixth year, when Susan had lost her beloved aunt and Hannah, her mother, within months of each other. She remembered so clearly the first Christmas without her mother, spent at the Bones'. The night had ended with Susan and Hannah collapsed under the Christmas tree, reminiscing, simultaneously laughing and crying—and at the end of it all, they had picked each other up, and Hannah had realized that she would be able to face the New Year, so long as she had Susan by her side. "Come on, Susan," Hannah continued patiently. "We have to do this, for Ernie. We can do it together." Susan glanced back at Ernie's frail-looking form, at his feebly flickering eyelids, and her chin trembled. But then, she looked at Hannah, clenching her jaw—and she raised her wand. Author's Note: When was the last time I posted a one-shot, am I right?! Welcome to 'Shades of War,' a character study of four women from different houses, on the worst night of their lives. This was written for four different challenges on HPFC: the Hufflepuff Challenge, the Ravenclaw Challenge, the Gryffindor Pride Challenge, and the Slytherin Challenge. Basically, for each challenge, I had to pick a character from the house and write a story that showed the character demonstrating the qualities valued by the house. I really hope you all enjoyed this! Ari