to run them up and down the stiff member. "Suck me," Draco commanded. Harry complied quite willingly, and as he wrapped his hot mouth around the end of Draco's dick, the Slytherin felt his knees go weak. Harry sucked on the tip, occasionally flicking his tongue against the slit, causing Draco to moan in pleasure. Harry licked up and down the shaft, working with both his hands and his tongue simultaneously, and then he took Draco's entire length in his mouth and began bobbing up and down, saliva covering Draco as Harry's mouth sucked harder and faster. Harry continued in the manner, licking, flicking, and sucking until Draco felt an orgasm begin to build within him. It grew at a rapid speed, and it took all of his focus not to let it go right then and there. "Harry stop, I'm gonna cum." Harry gave him one last deep suck and then pulled his mouth away with a ' pop' as if he had just finished consuming a rather delicious piece of candy. He looked at Draco. "Well isn't that the point?" "Yes, Harry, but I'm not finished with you yet." Harry quirked his eyebrows, obviously having gained some confidence. "You're calling me Harry now?" Draco growled deep in his throat, eyes dilating with lust. "Just turn over so I can fuck you." Draco grabbed Harry forcefully by the waist and pulled him close. He gripped Harry's stiff through his jeans once more before unbuttoning the pants and tugging both them, and Harry's boxers to the floor, finally freeing him. Harry sighed in relief, reaching down to stroke his painfully swollen member, but Draco swatted his hands away once again. "Ah ah ah, not yet." Frustration was evident on Harry's face, but he just gritted his teeth and nodded, putting his hands behind his back. "Good boy," Draco said. "Now bend over so I can fuck you senseless." Harry moved so that he was positioned on all fours, his arse sticking in the air, a perfect target for Draco's pleasure. Draco gripped Harry's butt cheeks tight in hands, leaving white marks where his fingers were. "You have a beautiful arse, Harry," He said, bringing his hand back and slapping it down so that Harry's cheeks jiggled. Harry let out an 'ooo' as Draco slapped him again, leaving red prints where his hands had been. "Is that how you like it, Harry? Nice and dirty like the filthy little boy you are?" He slapped him again, and then dipped his head down, swiping his tongue against Harry's exposed hole. "Ahh," Harry cried as Draco sucked and licked on him, working magic with his tongue. He then grabbed his wand, and used a lubrication spell to slick up his fingers and dick. He began with one finger and then two loosening up Harry's virgin hole so that he could fit inside. Once Harry was nice and ready he pressed his cock against the hole, easing the tip in. "Are you ready for this?" Draco asked. Harry nodded. "We'll take it nice and slow," Draco assured as he carefully eased himself deeper into the boy. Harry grunted and tensed as the strange and uncomfortable intrusion filled him up, but Draco kept to his word and went slow and steady, easing Harry into the experience. As Harry grew more comfortable Draco began to pick up the pace, and soon he was thrusting in and out of Harry, all of the crazy lustful desires of before pouring back into him as he moved in and out of the famous boy wizard. Draco felt the earlier orgasm rebuild in his gut, and he knew he was close. He gripped Harry tightly on the sides, fingers pressing into the boy's flesh as he moved in and out, his breath hitching and sweat pouring down his brow. "Harry, I'm almost there," he managed, his breathing intensifying and then stopping for a sheer moment of pleasure as the most intense orgasm he had ever experienced rushed through his body and spilled inside of Harry Potter. He came down, breathing hard, body willing him to curl up and pass out, but he wasn't finished yet. He flipped Harry over onto his back, spreading his legs wide and sliding in between his thighs. Harry's neglected penis pulsed with need, his balls swelling with cum just waiting to be released. "Do you want me to blow you?" Draco asked, his voice deep and dripping in desire. "Yes," Harry gasped, rutting his hips towards Draco, the intense need for friction consuming his every thought. "Yes what?" "Yes, please," Harry panted, obviously willing to say anything to get Draco to take him. "Please, Draco, I'm begging you." Draco bit his lip, smirking. He loved the effect he was having on the famous wizard. Draco then gripped Harry's shaft and felt the entire cock jump in his hands with the relief of being touched. Draco began to move his hands up and down Harry thick member before dipping his head down and taking the boy in his mouth. Of all the times Draco had fantasised about this moment none of his speculations truly lived up to the moment of right here and now. Draco bobbed back and forth, determined to give Harry the blow of a lifetime. He sucked on Harry the same way the boy had sucked him teasing him with his tongue. He took Harry's sacs in his hands, gently squeezing and fondling them, causing moans to escape to boys lips. Harry was so strung out with need that after only a few minutes he was spilling his seed into Draco's open mouth, panting with the force of his orgasm. Harry then collapsed into Draco's arms who laughed and wrapped himself around Harry smiling. "So," He asked. "How was that?" Harry sighed. "Bloody brilliant." Draco laughed again and tilted the green eyed boy's head towards him, planting a soft and tender kiss on his swollen lips. "Yeah," He said. "I thought so too."