said quietly, giving Ron a meaningful look. The pure-bloods within earshot gasped as they understood. If their betrothal had been recognized by magic, then there was no way that Ron and Hermione would have ever been together unless unlawful steps had been taken, and the same held true for Harry and Ginny. It took a moment longer for Ron to catch his meaning, but when he did the blood rushed from his face and his eyes grew wide. "Oh shit," he whispered. "Exactly," Harry said and squeezed the trigger again. Ron's head snapped back as the bullet hit his forehead and he fell lifeless to the floor, a crimson pool spreading out on the flagstones. "Nooo!" a girl screamed as she lunged to her feet. Harry recognized the sound of Ginny's voice and turned to face her. Shoving fellow students out of the way, she jumped up on the Hufflepuff table and drew her wand, rage and disbelief plastered on her face. "You son of a bitch! Avada- " Harry squeezed the trigger one last time, the bullet catching her right under her chin and knocking her off the table and flat on her back. He turned back around to face the head table, putting the pistol back in its holster. "Dobby," he called. The elf appeared and stood waiting beside him. "Oh, Severus," Harry said. The greasy potions master, his face pale with shock, turned away from the carnage to look at him. The young man removed his wand from his coat pocket, calmly snapped it in half, and tossed the two halves to the professor. "Please give this to Tom, with my regards. Tell him everything that happened here tonight, and tell him that I've kept my end of our agreement." Ignoring the stunned expressions from everyone else in the hall, he turned to the house elf at his side. "Let's go," he said, and the two disappeared. -TPOB- The sun warmed her body as she lay on the sandy beach of the remote tropical island. All of her broken bones and injures were healed, and even the bruises had faded away. Her brown hair had lightened to dark blond from constant exposure to the sun. She had also developed a lovely tan, which contrasted nicely with the white bikini she now wore. A sigh of contentment escaped her lips as she watched her fiancé emerge from the surf to join her. He dropped a pair of fins, a snorkel, and a mask to the sand beside them before joining her on the oversized beach towel. She handed him his prescription sunglasses and hat before leaning over to give him a kiss. "Hello, love," she said as she took his hand. "Did you have a good time?" "Always," he said with a smile. "Every time I visit the reef there's something new." "I'm glad," she replied. "Mum and Dad are fixing lunch right now. I'll go with you afterwards if you'd like to go back out this afternoon." "Sure," he said, and they relaxed in a comfortable silence, gazing up at the clouds with his arm around her shoulders. "Do you miss it?" she asked suddenly. He took his time before answering. "Sometimes," he said. "I hate that any of that rubbish ever happened, but there were some good things that came of it." His arm tightened around her shoulders, telling her exactly what at least one of those good things was. "And you?" "I don't know," she said. "Everything that I care about is right here, and this time there is no one trying to take it away, nor is there anyone trying to manipulate me into their schemes. I am quite content to remain here as the future Lady Potter-Black, thank you very much." She paused for a moment, looking out over the sea. "Still, I sometimes think about going back, just to see how things are going. Do you think Riddle will honour his end of your bargain?" "He did swear an Unbreakable Vow," Harry said. "I don't think we'll have to worry about him. Regardless, he'll have his hands full with ruling a country. If his Death Eaters start targeting non-magicals again, eventually the non-magical government will get wind of their actions and put a stop to it – permanently. Wands against rifles? Ha! To say nothing of the snipers – I'd love to see Lucius Malfoy try to fight someone who could end his life from the next county. Or, the magicals will eventually get sick and tired of his oppression and start fighting back. Either way, it's none of our concern. If they're not willing to fight for their freedom, then they deserve everything that happens to them. I, for one, will not risk life and limb to protect people that aren't willing to lift their wand to help stop tyranny. They want freedom, they can bloody well fight for it." Hermione nodded her head in agreement. "We've got plenty to keep us occupied for a time, anyway," she said. "I'm sure I'll find a counter-curse for Neville's parents in the Black library soon. Luna has some fascinating ideas about their condition that I'm looking forward to testing." "Speaking of, how does she like Neville? He's totally smitten with her," he laughed. "Well, she really enjoys being with him, and I must say that they complement each other wonderfully. Especially with his love of plants and her love of animals." "We should invite them out to the reef with us sometime." "That sounds like fun," she said as she got to her feet. "In the meantime, I'm sure lunch is almost ready. Let's go eat." He gave her a kiss as he stood, one that quickly grew in intensity as they held each other close. "I can't wait to be with you tonight," he whispered as they broke apart. "I love you so much, Mia." Hermione smiled, her perfect teeth white in the sun. "I love you too, my Harry," she said.