his voice. "Poppy seems to think so." Minerva replied. "How long will it last?" Arthur asked. "That remains to be seen. Upon not feeling any effects of the potion to be lessening, I assume until I can create an antidote." Snape answered. Several Order members blinked. "And so, Sirius, I am here to ask for sanctuary for the three of us this summer, until a remedy is found or until term begins." Albus said, his blue eyes imploring. "It is vital that the fewer who know of this the better. Should Tom realize our compromising situation, he could strike prematurely than what we are currently prepared for." "I..o-of course Albus!" Sirius said, reminding Harry of a deer stuck in headlights. Snape merely rolled his eyes. "Thank you my dear boy…oh well, I suppose I can't say that anymore…" Albus chuckled. "Wait one moment here…" Snape said, realization dawning. "…we're staying here…with THEM…" he threw a little hand at the marauders and waved it to encompass the Weasleys, "for the ENTIRE SUMMER?" "Yes…?" Albus said. Snape jumped up, but only reached the sitting Albus's shoulders,barely. "THEY'LL KILL ME!" Minerva, who was currently drinking some tea given her by Molly spit it out and coughed out a shocked "WHAT?" "You heard me! I'm little now! I'll be under the same roof as those blasted twins and the Mauraders, one of which is a bloody werewolf! I won't survive the night!" he threw up his hands, his little black robes flailing wildly at his movement. Harry grinned evilly with his godfather and the twins when Albus put a hand on the boy's shoulder and smiled comfortingly. "Now, don't worry Severus, they aren't as horrible as you think. Perhaps this shall be a good opportunity to get to know one another…" He causally looked at the accused. "And of course they know if anything amiss should happen in the slightest to you by their hand they will have to answer to me." His eyes, now with the full blast of youth and power looked to them in seriousness, to which they all replied with a "Yes sir." Even Sirius had joined in. Severus looked a tad bit relieved, and gave Albus a young, innocent look of unyielding trust that Harry had never seen in his hated Potion's Master's gaze. It made Harry feel awful for thinking he would attempt to plague the small boy's existence here, even though the adult version had done much worse to him during classes. He had seen a frightened vulnerable boy before him, and that in itself was shaking Harry's view of the Slimy Bat of the Dungeons. Snape seated himself back down after scooting his chair even closer to Albus's. "Are there any…er…side effects?" Molly asked worriedly, looking at the three children before her, especially Severus. She never knew how malnourished and small he was at this age. He was even paler than before. "None that I can determine at this time…"Snape replied with a sigh, finally looking up from the curtain of hair that he let envelop his face. "I do believe we may revert to ah, old mannerisms of our respective ages however." Harry broke his stare at him to Ron, whose eyes' were bulging in his head and Hermione who looked like she was restraining herself from hugging the little Slytherin. "Well, my dears, let's put some food in those tummys!" Molly clucked. Minerva and Severus looked indignant as being spoken to like children, but Albus simply grinned, eager for some home cooking. "Shoo, all of you, while Nymphadora and I finish up supper. We'll call you in directly." The crowded room got up at once and poured into the hall and sitting room. "DON'T CALL ME NYMPHADORA!" the changeling yelled as the kitchen door closed, her hair now a violent shade of red. Molly merely huffed and handed her some dishware she had spelled to be unbreakable, even in the hands of the clumsy but good-meaning woman. Albus led the way into the Black Manor sitting room. A loveseat was left empty as most of the children and chosen to occupy the couch and the two Marauders flanking either side. Moody had opted to chat with Arthur about protection wards over the Weasley home in another room. As the New Trio entered the room, Snape unconsciously grabbed Albus's arm sleeve. Minerva blushed under the stares. Albus simply put a hand on his friends' shoulders as they walked to the seat. Albus sat in the middle, Snape to his right and Minerva to his left. Snape's feet didn't even reach the ground. "So…"Albus smiled back at the youths before him. He made himself inviting as the children and Marauders before him looked to burst with questions. They began all at once at his invitation. "Is it really you Headmaster?" "Bloody wicked!" "Why is Snape so little!?" "Shut it Ronald!" "How's it feel to be younger?" "Does this mean we have to do Potion's and Transfiguration homework?" "Ronald!" "I didn't know you were a red-head Professor!" The onslaught of questions seemed never ending. Albus was laughing as he tried to answer, Minerva looked slightly less strict and Severus looked mortified. Harry was the only quiet one, simply grinning from ear to ear at his Headmaster. It was so amazing to see him young and without the worry and hardness of age. He was formidable and lively before, of course, but now…it was different. As if the young man before him was someone he could really connect to when age seemed to be a barrier before. And to get to know him as a young man, it was simply amazing. Albus noticed Harry's grin at him and returned it full force as he laughed. His eyes twinkled, resembling the man Harry had come to know these past five years, but they had the mirth and carefreeness of youth Harry had never seen in him before. Time seemed to slow and Harry wanted to remember this moment forever.