as though to make room for the man to keep going, but, as Scorpius's gut had told him, the man stopped at the same display Lily was poring over. "Excuse me," he said politely to Lily, "do you have the last Greenest Acres?" he asked, looking at the empty spot on the display, then her basket. Scorpius kept one eye on the man as Lily grinned. "Yes. Sorry, first come, first serve." "That is sad news indeed." His eyes flicked to Scorpius, who stared steadily back. "Hopefully I won't have more sad news when I ask if you're single and if you'd like to propose a trade for the paint." The redhead arched a brow. "Me? I'm single as they come." She looked the man over. "What sort of trade?" "I'll take you on a date, and if you want to go on another one, you have to give me the paint. If you don't, you can keep it." "Your treat?" Lily asked boldly, and Scorpius resisted the urge to frown as the redhead shifted her body closer to the man, who moved, very slightly, closer to her. "Of course." "Hmm, I don't know. I really like this paint colour. It's hard to get," Lily said. "That's why I'm hoping you'll come on a date with me anyway." He grinned winningly, brushing dark hair from his brow, and added, "At least then I get a consolation prize for being minutes too late for the most integral colour of my piece." The redhead lit up. "You paint?" "Yes." Scorpius barely refrained from rolling his eyes. "Hmm, this is sounding better." She reached into her purse and pulled out a Sharpie and scribbled her name and number on the guy's hand. Scorpius bit his tongue, telling himself firmly it was precisely none of his business. He just had to make sure she was alive and safe. He doubted getting hit on by random guys threatened that. "Give me a call when you have something worth giving up the paint for." "Will do, gorgeous," the guy said. Scorpius watched the guy pick up a different green colour and move away, and even though he really wanted to ask if she'd actually given her number to a total stranger, he refrained. None of my business . "Ah, the perks of being the early bird," Lily sighed, and kept perusing. Scorpius followed her when she went to look at brushes. "This is so balls, they never even have stuff organized," she grumbled, searching. Scorpius couldn't resist checking out her ass again as she bent to look at the lower part of the shelf. It really was a great ass. Perfect onto grab while he- No ! "What are you looking for?" he asked to distract himself from checking out her feminine assets. The redhead snorted, stood up and glanced at him. "Like you'd know. No offence, I mean." She ran a hand through her hair. "Sorry, that came out rude. I just mean, it's a specific size thing, and I go through a lot of them. It's a Coleman quadruple zero. Teeny tiny brush." Scorpius glanced at the display, then to the top shelf. "Like this?" he asked, plucking a brush from a box. Lily stared at it, then at him. "Is that a whole box of them?" she asked softly. The blond shrugged. "That's what it said." "Get four more." Scorpius reached up and grabbed several more, handed her the four and put the rest on the shelf. "Look at that, you're proving to be an upgrade already." Lily went to the checkout and Scorpius was a little shocked at her grand total. "Let's hope I can keep at it for the long haul," he said easily, and she smiled a little. By the time they got back to the Potter residence, Scorpius was grateful to be out of the stupid Volkswagen. Lily was trying her very best to remain cool and composed, but the second she got into her suite of rooms, locking the door behind her, she lost it. Giggles burst out of her, but she quickly stifled them. You are not a twelve year old with her first crush. He's off limits and out of your league . But her mental reprimand did nothing for the uncomfortable wriggle of desire she felt for the tall, sexy blond with his dark grey eyes and mouth-watering sex appeal. Then, like a train, the realization she would have him at her elbow, every and any time she went outside the grounds, for the next six or so months, slammed into her. She was torn between laughter and tears. Because half of her wanted to strip the sex god naked and ride him into bliss, while the other half was downright embarrassed she had such strong feelings for her goddamn bodyguard. Hell, she barely knew him! But she knew she wanted to lick him everywhere and then- No, no, no ! Lily went to her sitting room turned studio to put her art stuff away and smiled as she slipped the Greenest Acres into it's spot between Key Lime and Four-Leaf Clover. Hopefully the paint guy would call. Not that she'd given him her direct number. She wasn't that naive. She'd given him the call-center number, the one that came with a recording that sounded like her voicemail, which ran a history on the number calling. If all was approved, the message would be forwarded to her. Another safety precaution, Lily supposed, but one that made her feel frustrated nonetheless. She sat down at her desk, but painting was the last thing on her mind. Instead she pulled out her trusty sketchbook and moved to her bed, laying out on her stomach. She might not be able to live out her fantasies on Scorpius, the new hired muscle, but she could draw those dark stormy eyes to her heart's content. And that will be enough , she told herself firmly, and almost believed it. XXX