not believe she is aware that I am her daughter." Hermione confesses with a shake of her head. "So you don't know who the father is either?" Wendell asks curiously. "No Dad, I suspect that information lies solely with Professor McGonagal." When Bellatrix returned to the Manor later that day she was almost accosted by her sister. She was dragged off to some quiet wing of the building and pulled into a room that was promptly silenced. Narcissa was almost angry at her sister, the only she wasn't was because Bellatrix seemed to genuinely be doing something kind. "She kissed me." Bella stares and with that the wind was out of Narcissa's sails. "I beg pardon?" The youngest sister frowned. "Only on the cheek, twice... but... no ones ever done that, that didn't want something else." Bellatrix further explained. "How do you know she doesn't?" Narcissa counters rolling her eyes a little. For someone so crazy her sister sure didn't get the way things worked with people. "She doesn't, she's going through things. Besides she's young and beautiful and I'm old and blah. I mean look at my teeth." Bella bared her teeth at her sister. Azkaban hadn't been kind to them. "Just think if they were cleaned and repaired she might have kissed you on the lips." Narcissa snarks at her sister, she really had no idea. "Don't be a prat." Bellatrix huffs at her sister. "What ever. You need to be careful. There were reports that you were seen." Narcissa was suddenly concerned. "Of course I was seen. How do you think I would have gotten where I was going without being followed if no one had seen me somewhere completely not where I was going?" Bellatrix asked in a tone that made Narcissa feel oddly stupid. The look on the youngest sisters face had Bellatrix cackling as she walked out of the room. Hermione had spent the summer with her family, she would spend the last few days with the Weasley's because it was just easier that way. Her mother and father were a lot more inclined to include her in everything and she knew that was because they didn't want her to doubt their love for her. She couldn't, she had too many good years and happy memories of them. During the time with the Weasley's, this time at the Burrow instead of Grimmauld as Sirius had come down sick, Hermione had received approximately one letter from Bellatrix and it was a warning that the Burrow was being targeted. She hated that she couldn't warn her friends, not without them finding out she had actually struck up a friendship of sorts with Bellatrix. During the night of the attack, which Hermione didn't know when would happened but wasn't surprised it was a few days before school returns, while Harry was there. She was in Ginny's room reading alone, the house was set on fire and with fire below her she didn't have much hope of getting out unscathed. Right up until Bellatrix appeared behind her, slipped her arms around the small body and disappeared again. "You could have been killed." Bellatrix grumbles when they rematerialised in the field a way from the burning building. "It would have been your fault." Hermione pointed out when she was done coughing from smoke. "Of course, and I'd have felt terrible. But I did warn you. Don't you listen to that Moody? Constant vigilance and what not." Bella returns flippantly. "Did you just say what not?" Hermione quirked an eyebrow. Bellatrix regarded the little witch with a pout and found that when Hermione opened her arms for a hug Bella was powerless to say no. The embrace was warm and firm and much needed by both parties. Hermione sighed with relief as she didn't feel nearly so stressed suddenly and Bellatrix felt oddly safe, a sensation she was not used too and refused to acknowledge beyond realising what it was. Neither would be able to hold onto this for more than a few short minutes. When they did break apart they were both secretly wishing to pull the other back in. Hermione knew that despite the war and the opposing factions that she considered Bellatrix a friend, a dear friend. It was complicated to say the least. Yet lately Hermione felt like her whole life was complicated, her whole existence. Bellatrix made it easier just by showing concern, friendship, even the simplest of letters just to know the witch its ok, a suspected sighting, was enough to lift Hermione's spirits if only for a little while. "You need to get going." Hermione says after a moment as she looked the witch over. She looked healthy but nervous. "I do." Bellatrix nods but she was hesitant. "Bella... what's wrong?" Hermione frowned a little. "Nothing. I just don't want to go." Bellatrix huffed and pouted rather like a child yet it endeared her to Hermione. "Trust me, I wish you didn't have too either. But this... what ever, friendship we have, has to be between us. Your side wants to kill me and mine wants to kill you." Hermione reminds gently, sometimes she hated the facts. "I know. Just be safe ok." Bellatrix all but demands and Hermione smiles. "You too Bella, please." Hermione smiled sweetly and stepped forward kissing the Death Eaters cheek. Bellatrix wasn't sure if she imagined how close to her lips that kiss had been. I realise that adopted Hermione is done to death as is Hermione being Minerva's daughter, but again i enjoy this plot point. How ever, i have yet to decide on who i want the father to be. I was contemplating doing an accidental time travel type thing as part of the Minerva plot in later chapters were she was either raped or willingly slept with young Marvolo Gaunt, making her Voldemorts aunt yet i would be willing to consider some other peoples opinions on the matter if anyone has any. Again, Reviews encouraged.