her eye when she walked back to her seat, but she ignored him. All those years she did everything to ensnare his attention, and when she finally had it, it seemed Pansy could care less; suddenly, their positions were reversed, and Draco was incredibly perplexed. "Do you have anything to say to that, Miss Granger?" Hermione was silent. "Nothing? Well, maybe this will get a reaction out of you." Lucius snapped his fingers, and a man came scurrying forth, opening a bag and dumping its contents onto the ground. Books spilled forth clattering, knocking against the wooden floor. Draco furrowed his brow, squinting his eyes to get a closer look at the titles. But he didn't need to. His father started listing the names of the books, calm in face of the growing chaos around them. Hermione was frozen in horror. "Order! Order!" Fudge banged the gavel. "We will reconvene in 10 minutes." Draco rushed from his seat, instantly heading toward Pansy. He grabbed her wrist, yanking her away from the rest of the group. "Retract your statement," he demanded before she could say anything. "Draco, what—." "Retract your statement," he repeated vehemently. Pansy stood, shocked. She gathered herself together. "No," she said. Draco blinked, surprised. Pansy had never refused him before. "No," she said again, gaining confidence. "Why should I? She's always getting in my way. You're always staring at her. Might I remind you that you're engaged, Draco Malfoy, in case you've forgotten." "I've never looked at her," Draco denied, face scrunched up in distaste. "Please, spare me the lies," Pansy rolled her eyes. "I've seen you glance in her direction more times than I could count." Draco bit back his retort. It wasn't her he stared at, but the one always by her side. "I don't have time for your little insecurities," he stressed. "She's going to die." "She's better off dead," Pansy hissed, pulling her arm out of his hold and storming off just as Fudge announced the reconvening. Draco had never hated his fiancé more than in that moment. "A witch," a man sneered. "Undoubtably," a woman replied. "Didn't you hear Father Malfoy? Books on charms, hexes, and potions." She shook her head in disgust. "Hang her!" "Burn her at the stake!" The voices rose, an ugly cacophony of jeers and threats washing over the villagers. "No!" Her mother pushed her way to the front of the crowd, screaming. "My daughter would never do this! She would never sin! She's innocent!" "There must be a mistake!" her father shouted, standing beside his wife, clutching her hand tightly, desperately. "The books don't lie," Lucius said callously, staring down at the girl at his feet. "They were found in Miss Granger's bedroom." There was no way around this. Hermione Granger had a death sentence over her head, timer slowly ticking down to her last hours. Draco was sure of it. "Those are my books," a voice called out, louder than the others. Draco froze. No, he wouldn't do something as stupid as this… "If you open them to the first page, you'll see my name on them," Harry said, stepping out from the crowd who parted for him as he spoke. Lucius eyed the boy before his gloved hands grabbed a book, flipping a page. "So it would seem," he hummed, cold grey eyes flicking back up to Harry. "And why were they in Miss Granger's bedroom?" "I needed Hermione to do some tasks for me," Harry shrugged. "Smartest student in the whole village, she was the best candidate." Hermione stared disbelievingly at him, mouth opening and closing but no words seemed to escape. No one paid her any mind, focusing intensely on Harry. "And she just did what you said?" "Mind magic. Simple stuff, really," he explained. Hermione smacked her bound hands against the floor in frustration. When Lucius started to look suspicious, Harry rushed to save the situation. "Sorry, Hermione," he quickly apologized. "You must be really mad, huh?" Harry gave a sad smile. "I never meant for it to go this far." "Touching," Lucius drawled. "Don't believe me? How about I give you a demonstration." And suddenly, Lucius Malfoy dangled helplessly in the air by an invisible grip on his ankle. Narcissa gasped, horrified. The elegant, poised pastor was anything but that as he yelped in an undignified manner. Harry watched with a vindictive glint in his eyes. After all, this was the man that sentenced his mother to her death. Might as well have a little fun with him. Once the man started panicking, Harry dropped him unceremoniously, relishing in the loud thud. Lucius picked himself up with a glare. "Cease the boy." Immediately, two men leapt onto Harry, seizing his arms and dragging him from the courtroom. "End the trial," Lucius snapped. Fudge nearly dropped his gavel as he rushed to comply with the order. Once her wrists were untied, Hermione was subjected to a bone crushing hug from her parents. "Mom, Dad, please, we have to help Harry," she begged, pulling away from the tight embrace. "No, sweetie, you were under a spell," her mother tried to explain. "Let's get you back home." "I wasn't under a spell!" Hermione exclaimed. Her mother struck her hard across the cheek. The girl fell silent. "You were under a spell," she repeated, looking at her daughter with hard eyes. "Do you understand?" "Listen to your mother, sweetheart," her father said, pulling Hermione close. She didn't say anything the rest of the trek home. Draco paced around, nearly tripping over the ornate rug. After that brilliant display at the trial, Harry certainly cemented his fate, whether that'd be execution or experimentation at the hands of one Lucius Malfoy, he wasn't too sure. He threw himself on his bed with a groan. His heart chilled at the prospect of going against his father. But, Draco rubbed his tired eyes, they said love made people do crazy things. Now he just had to stage a break out.