room. It contained a bed which while not one of the canopied and curtained monstrosities like at Hogwarts, looked comfortable. There was also a small bathroom with a shower, a wardrobe, a desk and chair, and bookshelves over the desk. Severus took his trunk out of his pocket, resized it, and began unpacking it. He hung up his robes which were black and made of a lightweight material that had been spelled to resist stains and burns and had the college name and emblem, a golden cauldron, on the pocket. Next to them he hung his, plain black pants, white Oxford shirts, and hung his plain black ties on the tie rack. He arranged his shoes neatly in the bottom of the wardrobe and filled the drawers below with other necessities. He took his shaving kit into the bathroom then arranged his books on the shelves over his desk. The last thing he did was take two framed pictures out of his trunk. One picture was of his mum, Tobias, and himself as a one year-old seated on Tobias' lap. Both his mum and Tobias were smiling. Severus assumed this was taken before Tobias found out his wife was a witch and his son a wizard. The other picture was of him and Lily, with their arms wrapped around each other, taken just before they boarded the Hogwarts Express for their first year. They both thought they were going off to their greatest adventure. Lily had; he had just gone off to a seven year nightmare. He looked at it for a moment and then laid it back in his trunk and shut it. He arranged the other picture on his desk then opened the window. He took down one of his new potion textbooks, settled himself on his bed, which was quite comfortable, and began to read. He read for a couple of hours then decided to go to Diagon Alley and buy some floo powder and go back to his parents' house and put up the wards. He wouldn't put it past the three scumbags to return tonight and damage his house as much as possible. It was getting dark when he arrived, but he could still see lights in his Muggle neighbors' windows so he had to wait until it was fully dark and the other houses were dark. He occupied himself with getting a garbage bag from under the kitchen sink and tossing all the empty beer and liquor bottles Tobias had left behind into the bag. When he was finished he left it in the kitchen to take out to the dustbin tomorrow. He suspected there were probably more in his parents' bedroom. He opened the front door and stood out on the porch. The entire neighborhood was dark now. He took his wand out of the holster he wore on his left forearm and started putting up the wards. It took him almost two hours to securely ward the house. When he was finished, he picked up a large rock, tapped it with his wand and said clearly, " Iungo ," and held the rock up to the wards. In a few seconds, he could see tendrils of light from the ward reach out and wrap around the rock. It lit up brightly for a few moments then went dark. Severus smiled. He had successfully linked the rock to the wards. Now it would act as an alarm to warn him if somebody was trying to breach the wards. He went back inside and took the floo back to the college. Page Break ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* Page Break Lily and Petunia were helping their mum straighten up after Lily's graduation party. Iris sighed as she put the last of the dishes in the cupboard. "I do wish Sev could have come. I worry about him; he's much too thin and I'm guessing he skips a lot of meals." "Mum, why would he want to come to a party with people who've have spent the last seven years tormenting him?" Petunia asked. Lily reddened a bit at Petunia's comment. The Marauders had bullied him in their early years at Hogwarts, but James had stopped when they'd started dating. "Mum, you know Sev's always been able to look after himself and prefers it that way." "Just because he can, Lily doesn't me he should and it certainly doesn't mean that we shouldn't care about him." Richard was sipping a cup of tea and reading the Manchester Evening News . He put down the paper. "I'm sorry to have to say this, Lily, but if your boyfriend and his two friends got on my bus, I'd make them sit up front where I could keep an eye on them." Richard was a transit driver for the City of Manchester. "I didn't like the things they said about Sev or their arrogant attitudes. However, Remus did seem very nice. He also had very good manners. Obviously, his parents did a good job of raising him. I can't say the same for the other three." Lily sighed. "There's been bad blood between Sev and James since the very first time they met. James, Sirius, and Peter sometimes went a little overboard pranking Sev and landed him in the hospital wing, but James promised me when I started dating him that he would leave Sev alone." "I don't think it's pranking when it lands you in the Infirmary, Lily," Iris remarked. "I suspect Potter worries about losing you to Severus and that's why he treats him the way he does," Petunia said. "Why would James worry about Sev in that respect, Petunia?" Lily asked in confusion. Petunia rolled her eyes. "Lily, for being the smartest witch in your class; you're certainly dumb about other important things." "And what's that supposed to mean?" Lily snapped, hands on her hips. "Severus is in love with you and even a blind man would be able to see it!" A/N: Iungo : to join, unite, connect.