came with the appearance of one of Rose's uncles. "Uncle Charlie!" she cried as he swooped in for a hug. "What are you doing here?" "Look how tall you've gotten," he marveled. "It must've been years…. I'm here for the year, Rosie. Isn't that something great?" "But what about your dragons?" she asked. Charlie was a dragon expert and lived in Romania with his other dragon friends. For him to leave it all for a year was monumental. "They're in the capable hands of my colleagues," said Charlie, "don't worry." They all settled around the long table. Rose ended up opposite her father, who was recounting the story of the Japanese Keeper to Louis Weasley, who was near Fleur and Bill Weasley, his parents. "Those herbal enhancers hardly ever work, anyway," said Uncle Bill dismissively. "And they leave the most awful stench. You don't need a nose like mine to sniff that junk out." "It was pretty noticeable," said Ron, "but we think he took too much. He was tested because his form was all sorts of awful. I have to write up a formal report tomorrow morning." He made a face. "I hate reports." The food Hermione had prepared was delicious. As usual, Luna had been delegated the task of baking a birthday cake. "I like this one," she said, summoning it from her house. "I took Rose and made her into a cake." It was a pretty apt description. The cake was a mirror of Rose's head, a three-dimensional bust of her. Red icing served as Rose's wavy hair, and her brown eyes twinkled with sparkles. "I was going to do something with fire," said Luna, "but the Jellywinks got to it before I did. I had to do this one this morning and keep a strict eye on it." "I'm glad the… er… Jellywinks didn't get to it," said Hermione gracefully. "It's lovely." Rose ended up with her right ear and a bit of hair. Albus chuckled as she made a face, biting into her ear. "Just a bit off, it is," she decided. "But delicious," added Albus, taking a bite of Rose's nose. Presents were given after the cake was devoured. Albus gave Rose a book titled Famous Female Fliers , which earned him a kick under the table. "Lighten up," he said with a grin. "C'mon, just read it." James' present was another book: Emerald: The Year of the Scar. "Lysander told me you were interested in the book last year," he said when Rose gave him a confused look. Lysander groaned. "She was interested in why I was reading the book," he clarified, "not in the book itself." "It's great, James," said Rose when James frowned. "Really. I don't think we have this one in our library." The other presents piled up before her. Uncle George had given her an obscene amount of sweets, as usual. Uncle Charlie then presented Rose with a book on dragons. "Read it," he said with a mysterious look in his eyes. "It's quite…informative." The party began to wind down as darkness fell. Hermione and Aunt Ginny lit some hanging lanterns to provide some light to the partygoers. "Hagrid sends his regards," Uncle Harry told Rose. By this time, it was completely dark. "He's in France for the summer with Madame Maxime, but he says he has a present for you when he returns." "Thanks," said Rose. She didn't mind Hagrid's absence; she knew he was happy in France with his wife. Hermione stood a few minutes later. "We've all had a great time," she said, "but I do believe it's getting late." Rose looked around and realised it was true. Lily and Hugo were dozing off in their seats. Rose found herself yawning as she regarded the rest of the scene. There were two people missing: Lorcan and Lysander. She gestured for Albus to follow her. She stood and slunk away from the table with Albus right behind her. "Where are we going?" asked Albus. Rose shushed him. "We're playing a game," she explained quietly. "Do you remember what Lorcan and Lysander said this morning? About chess?" The twins were, as Rose had suspected, out under the stars playing wizards chess. There seemed to be a heated battle taking place between Lorcan's knight and one of Lysander's castles. Rose and Albus ducked behind a large bush. "Wait for it," said Rose, her voice barely above a whisper. "Lorcan said he was sure it would happen tonight." Though whether that was due to Lorcan's magical foresight or his determination, she was not sure. Only a few minutes later, Lorcan jumped to his feet. "Checkmate!" he cried as they all heard Hermione say, "Where did they go? It's midnight!" Rose reached into her dress pocket, where she had put a bag of trick Galleons that Uncle George had given her. She gave a handful to Albus, then began tossing them onto the field before her. Lorcan began to spin around, his head tilted back in joy. "It's raining Galleons!" he half-sung. "Mum was right! Lysander!" Lysander had immediately stood and looked to the obvious source of the rain. Rose grinned and began to laugh. Albus continued tossing the coins onto the field until his pile ran dry. "I'll help clean up," said Lysander, barely containing laughter as his twin fell to his knees and began collecting the coins. Lying in bed that night, Rose recalled Lorcan's joyful expression with a grin. It was hard not to be happy around the twins, who seemed at times to be polar opposites. Unfortunately, there still was the matter of Dmitri and the stack of unanswered letters Rose had sent him over the course of the month. Selena had always come back without a reply…. Rose wondered if Dmitri was ignoring her for some reason. But no, because he wasn't replying to any of Albus' letters either. She fell asleep still wondering about Dmitri. Her dreams were full of owls, caves, and Alistair Trimble.