nor does she particularly wish to know. Nobody knows that she roams the campus during a downpour and nobody has to ever know about this either. When they part, each gasping for air, she abruptly lets go of him, not realizing she had even pulled him into her at all. "Oh Merlin, what have I done?" Hermione mutters in horror. "More damning for me, wouldn't you agree?" Draco sighs, shoulders rolling fluidly as he shoves his hands back into his pockets. He looks for a moment as if he's going to say something witty, but he settles on something serious instead; "This changes nothing. I'm still the enemy." Hermione sputters out a strained cackle; "Nothing?" "Not for me anyway," Draco watches her with the softest expression she's ever seen him sport. Were he not a Malfoy, she thinks, would she have been interested? All these years, if he were someone else, would she have fawned over his every move? Would she have liked him, had a crush on him, or more? She closes her eyes and taps her fingers rapidly on her leg considering the possibility. He is her intellectual equal, the only legitimate challenge she has in the classroom. Like her, among his friends he's known for always having an answer for anything asked. His friend group is small, limited to people who do not share similar interests or aspirations. It happens across her mind that maybe there's more to this boy, more than his harsh reputation for biting insults at those who do not meet his standards – more to this boy than his nose being poked in a book practicing new spells between classes and during meals – more to this boy than his desire to be as perfect as he can manage . Hermione opens her eyes, Draco unmoving with curiosity in his eyes now. Perhaps he wasn't expecting her to really consider the events that just transpired between them. But she does, and she grins at him; "Not for you, huh?" "Funny how people act when everyone's watching, isn't it?" Draco snickers, in actual joy. Hermione's heart races at this new side of him. Was he always this way? Hermione slides her fingers into the belt loops of her skintight jeans, "We never were enemies, were we?" The wind hits her teeth and she peels her lips back over them, running her tongue over each individual tooth to wipe away the sensitive feeling that lingers. The taste of Draco kissing her fills her mouth just as potently as before, and she finds that she yearns for more. Draco walks back up the steps. His eyes lock onto hers, and it feels as if their time is running out during that time. The world is spinning again and it is going to tear them apart. Hermione keeps her gaze locked onto his and waits for him; "I hoped not." This time she moves first, and they meet for one last tender kiss before Draco leaves without another word. As Hermione searches floor after floor of the Owlery for Hedwig, she stops to let her body relax. As she sits she hears a crinkle in her pocket, and not the pocket where her letter to her parents is tucked away. No, this is her right pocket on the outside. Inside of it is a carefully folded piece of parchment, smelling as though it's just come from the wrapping, which rattles a bit when she starts to peel away the layers to open the note. She whispers the words to herself: " There is an owl tucked away on the topmost level there is an Eagle owl with a silver band around his left leg. You may use him for your letters so that any interested parties do not intercept them. My family will not be under any scrutiny, but I cannot say the same of your friends. I hope this helps in some small way. As for the bracelet, I've planned this exchange for some time. It is my request that you accept it as a token of my sincerest apologies for all that has happened, and all that may yet still come." Hermione holds the bracelet a few inches from her face, letting it dangle loosely in the air from her thumb. The bracelet looks expensive, and she's sure that it is probably the nicest piece of jewelry she'll ever own in her life. The metal looks to be silver with alternating gems around the entire piece – diamonds and emeralds . Clearly a message is being sent with this bracelet beyond the 'apologies' it is meant to signify. "Well, I guess that answers that question," Hermione clasps the token of Draco's affections around her wrist. What will come of this unpredictable turn of events, she is unsure, but as it stands she will take Draco at his word. There is nothing incriminating in her letter, nothing to raise concern, and so she'll use his owl. She'll wear this bracelet. An unspoken connection will exist between them after kissing in the rain today until she has a reason to believe they really are enemies after all. It is a one hell of a risk, but she cannot shake the feeling that there's an ally buried deep inside of Draco Malfoy. He's not like his parents. Someday her life may depend on him, and if she is right – he'll prove himself the man she knows he is capable of becoming with the right nudge. Author's Note (1): The original version of this story was posted on May 23, 2011. In this posting there were some problematic dynamics between Draco and Hermione. As I've grown more socially aware of how entertainment affects how people come to see their own relationships, I felt that this story needing updating in a way that makes Draco and Hermione's dynamic healthier. The original posting of this contained 1,547 words whereas I've expanded the story to a whopping 3,116 words (over double)!