had left now as well. She sighed and Harry looked at her questioningly. "What is it?" Harry asked. "It's just… I don't know," Alli said. "Strange, I guess." "What's strange?" "Like I keep wondering why Dumbledore would send me here after all this time. I mean I know that your aunt and uncle aren't related to me or anything but you are. It's just weird that everyone kept this secret from us. It's the fact that we actually did have family after all this time. It's actually kind of relieving, honestly," Alli continued. Then, she fell silent. After all this time, Alli had become a human jewelry box. Keeping all of her little jewel secrets locked away safe and sound so nobody could intrude and break the pearl necklace spilling the pearls all over the floor. When they reached the playground, Harry sat down on one of the swings. Alli looked down at the dirty, paint-chipped swing and decided against sitting on it. Harry and Alli stayed silent, both contemplating last night's and this morning's events. "I think it's safe to head back now," he said after a while. "Okay," Alli nodded. When they reached Privet Drive, Alli spoke again. "So, how much longer do we have to stay here?" "I'm usually rescued before the end of the summer is up." "Rescued?" Alli said raising her eyebrows. "By my friends or really anyone," Harry answered. "Mmm," Alli replied. They entered the house, sneaking past the living room, and went up the stairs back to Harry's bedroom. The rest of the day passed slowly. When dinner time came, Alli felt her stomach growl. "I'm hungry," she thought aloud. "If you hadn't burst into their kitchen this morning then they might have actually fed me tonight and I would have given you some," Harry replied. "Well, I'm going downstairs and getting food," Alli said. "You do what you want." Alli slid off the edge of the bed and walked towards the door. Harry jumped up and blocked her path. "Harry, come on! I'm starving!" "No," Harry said. "You can't do that." "Watch me," Alli said shoving him out of the way. She opened the door and walked briskly out of the room and down the hall. She made her way down to the living room where Aunt Petunia was sitting on the couch. "Listen, I'm like really hungry and you haven't given us any dinner," Alli spoke up. Aunt Petunia looked up and shrieked. "Vernon, come quick," Aunt Petunia called. "I'm serious, lady," Alli said placing her hands on her hips. She glanced into the kitchen where leftover dinner still covered the counter. "Look, there is a ton of food left. I traveled a really long distance last night, I didn't have breakfast or lunch and I'm starving." Uncle Vernon entered the living room and his eyes narrowed at the sight of Alli. "Who are you? Get out of my house." "Um, you met me this morning," Alli said plainly. Aunt Petunia looked at her husband. "Listen, I'm not in the mood to deal with you guys right now. I'm getting my dinner." Alli pushed past them and went into the kitchen. "Where are the plates?" Alli called to them opening one of the cupboards. No one answered her. "What are we going to do with her?" Aunt Petunia whispered to Uncle Vernon. "We'll make her leave." "But, Vernon, she's one of them . What if she tries to threaten us?" "Never mind, I found them!" Alli yelled. Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Alli was scooping some roasted red potatoes onto her plate. "This is the last time I'm going to take this nonsense from you and your kind, you hear me?" "I'm not deaf," Alli said rolling her eyes. She helped herself to some pork tenderloin. Alli ate a spoonful of the potatoes and nodded her head in approval. "This is actually really good." She placed the plate in the sink after finishing her meal. "Thanks for dinner. It was delicious." "But we didn't give—" "Night!" Alli cut him off. She jogged up the stairs leaving the Dursley's speechless. When she entered Harry's bedroom, Harry looked at her dumbfounded. "How did you…?" Harry began. "They didn't really say much," Alli said. "I think they were kind of shocked at my impudence truthfully." "Yeah, I'm kind of shocked at your impudence truthfully," Harry said angrily. "Oh, chill. I was just having fun messing with them," Alli laughed. Before Harry had a chance to respond, there was a tap at the window. Harry looked out to see a small barn owl flapping his wings just outside. Harry lifted the window open and the owl flew inside quickly. So quickly, in fact, that he slammed directly into Harry's wardrobe. Alli snickered. "Errol," Harry said as an explanation. Errol stood up and ruffled his brown feathers trying to recover from his latest blow to the head. He swooped into the air once more and dropped a letter onto Harry's bed. Harry picked up the letter excitedly. "It's from Ron!" "Who's Ron?" Alli asked. Harry ignored her and opened the envelope. "Who's Ron?" Alli asked again. "My friend," Harry said unfolding the letter. Harry read over the letter hurriedly. "We're leaving," Harry said quickly. He dropped the letter back down on his bed and then went to his dresser and began to pull clothes from the drawers. Alli picked up the letter and read it over. Harry, We are on our way to your aunt and uncle's house. Be ready to leave when we get there. Hermione just arrived this morning and we plan to go to Diagon Alley tomorrow afternoon. See you, Ron "Wait, Ron is coming here ?" Alli asked. "Pack up your things and get dressed. They'll be here any minute now." "They?" Alli asked raising her eyebrows. "We're going to the Burrow," Harry told her throwing a pile of clothes into his open trunk. "The Burrow?" Alli said, "What's the Burrow?"