turns her head to see. A closer look reveals she has light blue eyes. Harry took a gulp of air at recognition of the young lady, Daphne Greengrass. She brings herself up to face Harry. He gazes down upon her dress, the same blouse she was wearing on the carriage. It was a royal blue with a few white lines flowing down her arms and around the waist. Sunlight radiates off her hair and dress as the wind blew softly. "Greetings." She says. "Uh..." Harry fumbles to speak. "Hello." "Is there something wrong?" She blinks. "Sorry for coming in without asking." he bows forward. "I beg your pardon?" "I mean, I did just enter over that wall behind me." She leans slightly to see the wall in question. Daphne makes a brief small smile before she tells him "I do suppose it might have something to do with some hooligans making a mess." "You saw that?" Harry blushes for a second and rubs the back of head with his right arm. "I suppose it was a funny sight." "It certainly was with a man screaming cabbages." Wind blows many leaves and small twigs. He hesitates to speak. "I think I should get going now." Harry nervously says, shifts himself to leave. "There is difference between hesitation and being cautious, you know?" She speaks calmly. Harry turns his shoulders towards Daphne to only be blinded by the remaining light as the sun finally falls below the horizon. The wind's breeze slow to a halt. Daphne slightly leans her head slightly. "You have something to ask. I can tell." She states without any doubt. Harry takes a small pause and breathes in. He remains silent until the wind blew again and her dress billows. "What is it to be like nobility?" He asks. "To be nobility..." She stares at him at him for a moment. Harry takes a gulp from anticipation and then she blinks. "It is to be human. The greatest human one can possibly be." The lady serenely spoke. Harry stands there confused and unable to understand her meaning. He steps forward until he is at the base of the tree. "What do you mean?" Harry nudges his own cheek with his thumb. "Perhaps you are the type to believe great men lead by fear." Daphne's eyelids lower. "Or maybe..." He faces his body towards her as she walks past him. Harry's shoulder touches the tree. He looks at his shoulder and brushes off the small pieces of tree bark. The boy sets his gaze back up to see Daphne's nearly cup his face, but instead it falls down to pull the collar of his tunic "... you would prefer to remain a servant." She says while revealing on top of his heart lay the Dursley Emblem burned into his flesh 000000 Sounds of straw pillows meeting heads become quiet as Harry lays his head. He reaches his open hand out towards the ceiling. The servant could hear crickets in the distance as he thinks. 'That girl certainly is something.' Harry closes his hand. 'And for one thing, she sure has one hell of a smile.' Just when he sees the image of Daphne's smile glow even after the light faded from the horizon, Alistair walks in and lands on top of his bed. "Today was tiring as bloodied hell!" He says before loud murmurs of 'sh' came across the room. "What about you?" "Hm, nothing really." He thinks of Daphne's final words to him before sleep claims him. 'You should strive to be better.' 000000 "Are you sure you're ready to do this, Harry?" A woman spoke softly behind Harry who pulled down his hood. The Woman receives silence from her friend. She takes a step towards him after pulling down her own hood. Her face slightly glow as they start a campfire in the forest near London to show her eyes and slightly bushy brown hair. The fire burns brighter in front of them before she finally settles a pot over the flames. The Woman pours in water prior to an attempt to comfort him. "Harry, you know it isn't your fault." "What was not my fault? Where I failed to reach her in time? Or-" He stands up abruptly, but not surprisingly, and starts to pace back and forth, leaving footprints beneath him. The Women could see the sparkles of the flames reflect off his eyes as he looks at her. The Woman waits to allow him to vent his frustrations. "Aren't you going to eat anything, Hermione?" Harry speaks her name roughly. The water filled pot remained untouched. Hermione is sitting a fair distance away from it. "I will cook something when you're ready." Harry's right hand grips tighter on his wand and lets out a kick into the pot. The boiling water pours onto the dirt as he breathes in a slightly heavier manner. Hermione uses a small cloth to lift the kettle back onto the fire and fills it with water once again. "Why do you let me kick that thing every time?" He asks her after he closes his eyes as he sits down near her. "Why ask that every time?" She counters. She receives another silent answer. "I guess it's because I know it calms you down, at least besides..." She pauses. "Not like she can now, not after I failed." He speaks in a sullen voice. "Harry, you know it's not your fault." "How can it not be my fault?" "Harry..." She says his name, as if she were his wife. She moves her hand to reach his face. Tears flow down her fingers as Harry starts trembling. "She..." Hermione waits patiently for his answer as his voice slightly cracks. "...She should have killed me instead." Glossary Muggles People who are without magic. Purebloods People who are born of a long lineage of magic users. Muggleborn People Born from muggles Halfblood People born of parents from muggle or muggle-born and pureblood.