a letter at all. To put it easy, I want to talk to you. This is me being serious now. You saved my sister and me last year, and I hope to return the favour. I doubt that it would be easy for me to save you, but perhaps I could help you save yourself. There are what you English call "perks," of being part of my family. I intend to abuse it to help you. I hope that doesn't sound too menacing. I really do wish you accept this offer. But if not, I hope we can keep owling each other. You must thank my father for helping me write this letter. He is better at English than I am. If you do, and I hope you do reply, please give the letter to our owl. Amicalement, Fleur Isabelle Delacour Harry couldn't hold back the smile gracing his face. It's not only been a long time since he'd gotten a letter from a friend, but he'd finally gotten some good news. Someone wants to help him. Nobody from the magical world had even considered helping him at all this summer, no less even contacting him. It was dangerous though. Involving Fleur in his life would only put her in more danger than she was in when she was a champion for her school in the Triwizard tournament. He cared for his friends above anyone else, he would do anything in his power to keep them on a high shelf, away from danger and from him. What she offered was vague but did not fail to outline the benefits. The way she brings up her family, being able to provide him with assets to build him up into something he would need to be for the incoming war that always led back to him and Lord Voldemort. It was too good to pass up, but that was exactly why he couldn't take it. He didn't deserve it. She didn't deserve to be placed in an unnecessary position of risk for his benefit. If ever he the chance to choose between the safety of his friends and the well-being of himself, he would choose the former every time. Harry got off his bedside and took a seat by his desk and pulled his quill from the ink pot. He already had a spare piece of parchment on the table, ready for his next essay, but that would have to wait. Dear Fleur, I'm glad I received your letter. I'm doing fine. My summer here has been a lot better than what it's been in the past. My cousin and I have finally become good friends, and things are looking alright here. Though I cannot forget about the night in the graveyard. No words can express how I feel about what happened there and what happened to Cedric. I hope you're doing well as well. How's your little sister, Gabrielle, doing? How are you coping after everything? I know things must be hard after what happened in the tournament. Nonetheless, I know you're strong. You are a champion. I'm sorry that I have to tell you that I'll have to decline your offer. Not in spite or anything of that sort. I just can't have anyone else risking their lives trying to help me. Not after what happened last year. This is my fight, and I don't want you to land smack in the middle of it when I can place you out of it altogether. This is what I believe, and I hope you understand. My friends matter too much to me. Thank you for taking the time to send me your letter. I know it must've been a struggle trying to get my address. Ron must have swooned when he received your owl. You can always rely on Hermione to get things right. I'd love to continue to owl you if I wouldn't be too much of a bother. Thank you Mr Delacour for aiding your daughter in writing this letter. Au revouir? Harry James Potter Harry felt embarrassed at his attempt to say goodbye in French, but it was overshadowed by his writing of his name on the back, which was slow and accurate, as he tried to make his name look presentable to the witch. This had never happened when he owled his friends, he often scrawled his name on the back and sent the letter on its way, never taking the time to make sure that his name was ever legible. He folded the letter in thirds after waiting a while to let the ink dry and slipped it into an envelope. His envelope lacked the superiority Fleur's had, but it was all that he had. The anxiety from sending the letter followed him down the stairs. He finally shrugged off the unnecessary anxiousness and searched for Fleur's owl. Before his hand reached the knob of the front door, he heard the brief flapping of wings. Opening the door, he was surprised to find a snowy white owl that barely differed from his own Hedwig, on the doormat of Number Four. It was awkward to say the least for Harry Potter, to be eye to eye with an owl that looked splittingly like his own, all for except that the eyes were amber in colour. 'You must be her owl,' Harry said crouching down to rub against the neck of the owl, who rubbed back. It acted as Hedwig does. He pondered whether it was a twin brother or sister, or perhaps he was biased in thought towards all snowy white owls. 'Here's the letter,' he gave the owl the letter and soon it was on its way. He couldn't edit or take back what he wrote now that it was on its way to its recipient. The anxiety soon returned, he wondered if he sounded too rude or brash. Meanwhile, in Paris, there was a French witch wrapped up in her duvet thinking the same thing.