the dark arts stuff." Said James, patting Remus on the back again. Remus's eyes clouded briefly with tears. "I-I don't know what to say." "Say 'I will make sure I only go out with people who appreciate me for me, and I will try not to let the Slytherins get me down'" Sirius grinned, and Remus felt an emotional warmth spread though him. "Speaking of liking people for who they are, and not how they look, those chicks didn't know a thing about you, did they, Pads?" Said James, frowning. "What do you mean?" Said Sirius, also frowning. "Well, they thought they could get to your heart by insulting one of your closest friends. Does that sound like a worm you'd bite?" "Well, we already knew they weren't the smartest fish in the sea-" Remus found himself once again losing focus on the conversation. Despite the mental walls he was putting up to block all unacceptable thoughts concerning Sirius, he had one question he really, desperately needed answered. "Did you mean it?" Remus blurted out, cutting across Sirius's words. "I don't- erm, what? Mean what about what?" Said Sirius, bewildered. "Did you mean it when you said I was hot?!" Sirius smiled and opened his mouth. Remus felt as though his heart was about to jump straight out of his chest. "Sorry that took so long!" Boomed a voice from their left. "Hagrid is a bit too enthusiastic about raising beasts, as we're all well aware. Still, we've got a good 15 minuets O' class left, and with a few more summoning spells, I can keep this fire going the rest O' the day. The next few classes should be plenty happy." Professor Kettleburn was back. He was carrying an armful of what appeared to be cardboard boxes, save that they were emitting a feint orange glow. "Now then, I'll need some help handling these lovelies for a little while. They need to get used to the fire, and then they won't try to run off into the cold. Now. . . "Black, Flint, come over here and put on these dragonhide gloves. . . " The rest of the lesson had Sirius running about, picking up runaway, smoldering Salamanders, and placing them carefully back in the fire. When the distant school bell finally rang, Remus was one if the first to swim his bag over his shoulder, and start to tromp up to the castle for Charms class. "Hey, hold up!" called Sirius. He, James, and Peter ran to catch up with Remus. "Are you still upset?" Sirius asked, sounding concerned once more. "Still just a little on edge and embarrassed." Remus told him. Sirius nodded sympathetically, then said "oh, what was it you were trying to ask me? I got distracted by Professor Kettleburn." "Oh, errrmm, it was nothing." Remus had lost his confidence since he'd first asked the question, and was now feeling quite glad Sirius hadn't heard him the first time. "Oh, alright then. Only, it sounded like it was important to you earlier" Sirius said. "Nah. It w-was just me being stupid" Remus said, pulling his scarf up to his eyes to hide how red his face was now. He was getting sick if feeling awkward and embarrassed during every conversation. Remus suddenly felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned around, mildly surprised. The first thing he saw was the Slytherins marching away towards the Greenhouses for Herbology. The next thing he saw was a flurry of red hair. "Evans!" James called happily, and he began bouncing on the balls of his feet and running his hand through his hair. "Hello, James!" Said Lily brightly. She smile at him, then turned to Remus. "I kinda overheard what those twisted Slytherins were saying about you, and I just wanted to let you know that it's their problem! Honestly, everyone who knows you, loves you!" She beamed at Remus, and he felt a warmth spreading through his body. "Th-thank you, Lily! That's exactly what I needed to hear. Though James and Sirius helped a lot, too." She smiled at the pair of them. "I'm glad! I actually heard what Sirius said to them, and that was really brave, standing up for him like that." Sirius shifted from foo to foot uncomfortably. "I, erm, just. . . I mean, Remus is my best mate. I wasn't going to sit there and do nothing." Lily nodded appreciatively, then turned once more to Remus. "Listen, if you need to talk about it, or about anything, really, feel free to talk to me. I'm usually up in the library after dinner. And I'm a very good listener." "Thanks, Lily. I'll keep that in mind." With another heartwarming smile, she wrapped Remus in a quick hug, and hurried up the sloping lawns and into the castle. "Damn. Why doesn't she talk to me like that? I knew her first." James mumbled. "We told you" Sirius said, his face impassive as though he were doing his best not to reveal anything. "We told you, she likes more sensitive and mature guys." Remus nodded as they started walking again. He was thinking hard. Sweet, open-minded, accepting Lily had made the mental walls Remus had put up come tumbling down. He had to admit, even if only to himself, that he was feeling something out of the ordinary for Sirius. He had trouble, however, discerning if those feelings were simply gratitude for Sirius sticking up for him, mixed with the other complex emotions of being a teenage Werewolf, or if he was simply feeling their bond of friendship growing stronger. And as much as it pained him to think about it, Remus now realized that he had to open himself to every possibility. He had to look at every possible situation in order to better understand himself, and to get through this tangle of feelings. And that meant that Remus had to open himself to the possibility that he was actually gay for Sirius.