make, what would be for many, their first potion. Severus walked up and down the rows of students making comments and pointers about the children's progress. Forty minutes passed before anything disastrous occurred. A bang filled the room and Severus whipped his head around to find the source of the noise. A cloud of toxic purple smoke was issuing from a spilled cauldron. Solomon's panicked shouts soon filled the room. "Thee, Thee. Thee are you okay? Thee?" Solomon almost screamed in his panic. Severus almost ran over to the pair, vanishing the smoke with a flick of his wand. Severus quickly knelt by the dazed boy. He ran a diagnostic charm. It seemed the boy had a concussion from the impact of hitting his head on the desk, a light stream of blood was running from the newly formed cut on his head. He also had a reaction to the potion making contact with his skin forming a red rash to form on his hands and face. "He'll be fine." Severus said reassuringly to Solomon as the boy sent a worried look to the professor. "I think it best, Mr Potter if you take him to the hospital wing. Mr Malfoy go with him. He'll need to be supported on either side." He then took the sheet of paper that the diagnostic charm had produced and handed it to Solomon. "Give this to Madame Pomfrey." Solomon gave a nod before grabbing both his and Theseus' bags and stuffing the not into one of them. "Come on then Malfoy." he said with a grunt. Scorpius gave a nod and helped Solomon lift Theseus into a standing position. The pair then left, holding the dazed boy between them. Severus watched for several seconds as the boys left the classroom before ordering his class to continue. With a flick of his wand the mess of the destroyed potion was gone along with the cauldron. Severus attempted to lead the rest of the day normally, counting down the seconds util he could go and check on his son in the hospital wing. A face appeared in Harry's fireplace and he did a double take. It was a face that he had not seen in over eleven years. His eyes widened and a lump caught in his throat at the sight of it. "Mr Potter" Madame Pomfrey's voice rang out through the small living room and Harry gave a gulp. That voice was one that had scalded him for years, it was uncanny to hear it again. "It seems that your son has been injured in a potions accident. I need to inform you that it is not serious but he will spend a night in the hospital wing. You are free to check on him at any time." with that the witch was gone. Harry's eyes widened and his breath came in short puffs. He quickly grabbed a pinch of floo powder and yelling out Hogwarts Hospital Wing he stepped into the flames. Harry was greeted by a stern looking Madame Pomfrey. His panicked eyes were all the woman needed before she led him to her son. "This way Mr Potter." the woman said before leading him down the hall and into the room that Harry had spent so much time in as a child. Seeing his son's form in one of the beds Harry ran towards the sleeping figure on the bed. As he got closer Solomon came into his view, the boy sitting next to his brother's bed, worry marring his face. Harry took a seat next to the eleven year old and watched as the tension fell from his form and he sagged into his seat. Harry grasped Solomon's hand tightly in his. "It's going to be alright Solomon." Harry said soothingly. Harry placed his other hand on the bed, gently running his fingers up and down Theseus' arm. Solomon's head rested lightly on his father's shoulder and he let out a deep sigh. He had been sitting in the hospital wing for the past hour, while his brother was treated. Solomon may be strong but he was still only eleven and he had been very worried for his little brother. "Dad, I was so worried." Harry let his head rest on top of his sons. "I know sweetie, I know. It's all going to be okay now." Harry's head rubbed gently along his son's silky hair. His hand rubbed small circles into Solomon's own as he soothed the scared little boy. Harry set a gentle kiss into the hair. It was horrible to see his son in such a state. Harry wasn't sure that Hogwarts had been such a good idea after all. Harry had deeply considered sending the boys to another wizarding school and yet after hearing his tales of adventure at Hogwarts the twins had wanted to go nowhere else. "Dad." a small voice said, coming from the bed. Harry looked up and gave his youngest son a smile. His hand moved to Theseus' face and gently stroked along the pale skin. "I'm here son, it's alright. You're going to be fine." Harry watched as the boy's eyes flickered over to his form, focusing on him. He still seemed a little confused but Harry assumed that was the concussion. "Do you want to sit up Thee?" Harry questioned. The boy gave a small nod. Harry, with Sol's help got the boy into a comfortable position before sitting back down. As the trio were about to start talking again the doors to the hospital wing creaked open. All of their eyes flicked towards the noise. Severus Snape stalked in to the hospital wing. His robes billowed behind him as he walked through the doors. However the professor froze before he moved more than two steps. Three sets of piercing green eyes looked at him. Severus' heart almost beat out of his chest. He looked at the three in awe before he managed to whisper out a singular word. "Harry."