for Harry and Sirius for the better part of the last three weeks and had even tried to say that Harry had been kidnapped. However, with Sirius being named magical guardian and regent over Harry, Albus had no real authority. Gringotts had also confirmed that Sirius Black was indeed taking care of the young boy, but wouldn't disclose anything more. The Fidelius charm over Potter Manor also prevented anybody from finding them, but Sirius had sent in his resignation to the head of the DMLE, Barty Crouch Sr., earlier that week so he was now free to just take care of Harry. "Nibby!" Sirius yelled after walking and taking Harry upstairs for his nap. "Nibby bes here Mister Black! I is ready to help!" Nibby excitedly said as he popped in from whatever he was doing. "Nibby, where is James' invisibility cloak?" Sirius questioned the elf, but he already knew the answer to that question. James had given it to Dumbledore for some reason that year, and he planned to get it back. "Master James' invisibly cloak bes with Professe Albus Dumb-door, Mister Black!" Nibby responded, trying to be as helpful as possible. "Is there anything else Dumbledore has of the Potter's?" asked Sirius, genuinely curious as if Dumbledore had taken anything else. "Dumb-door has Potter family pensieve and ze liberary is missing twelve books!" "Could you retrieve those things from Albus for Harry, Nibby? I would be eternally grateful!" The elf nodded quickly before apparating away to where ever Albus had hidden the Potter heirlooms. Sirius understood that James had let Albus "borrow" them, but now that his best friend was lying dead in the ground, it was time for the Potters to reclaim them. Plus, if he had the pensieve back, Sirius could show Harry memories of his parents… It was quiet now in Potter Manor, much like it has been when Harry was napping. The only thing making ambient noise was the fan Sirius had charmed to always run. Keep the air circulating, he had always thought. He made his way to the study were the letter he had picked up from the Potter vault in Gringotts was laying on the desk. He hadn't had the courage to open it yet, not wanting to know what Lily or James had to say to him. As he slid the ornate letter opener through the opening and broke the wax seal, he watched as two letters slid out… Dear Padfoot, I'll try and keep it short and simple, but you know me. If you're reading this, then we didn't make it. I don't know when we might have bit it, but in the end, we did. That means that you should be the magical guardian of Harry and regent for the House of Potter. Take care of the Potter fortune and my properties so Harry can inherit them later. Sirius, I just want say that there is no one I would rather have raising my son. You may be a goofy and unserious man, but I know you'll do right by me and Lily. Take him as your own son and teach him how to be a man. Tell him about our adventures at Hogwarts and how the Marauders used to prank everyone. Tell him of how I tried for years to get his mother to love me. Tell him how his parents died, Sirius. Tell him that we care for him and we will always love him. He was, and is, the greatest gift I have ever gotten, besides Lily, and make sure he knows he had his mother's eyes. Take care of him Sirius, but don't just bundle him up in cotton and hide him away. Let him find himself, let him have fun. Take him to the park every once in a while. Put him on a broom and see if he is as good at Quiddich as his old man. Teach him magic and how to be a Lord. Promise me that you'll be the father that I couldn't be, Sirius. Love, Prongs As Sirius finished the letter, he felt his heart almost shattering. He picked up the other letter, obviously from Lily as it smelled like lily flowers. He began reading once more, preparing for more waterworks. Dear Padfoot, As I sit here with James writing these letters, I can't bring myself to think that Harry may grow up without us. I know it's selfish of me, but I want to see him grow up. I want to see him get his Hogwarts letter. I want to see him go out on his first date. I want to see him get married. But, since you're reading this, I won't. Merlin Sirius, I hate this. I thought about making this letter super long and telling you how to raise him and everything, but it really doesn't matter. Please make sure he grows up into a fine man. Teach him to respect women and make sure he doesn't become one of those muggle-haters like everyone seems to be these days. He's a smart boy, make sure you tell him every day that education is important. Teach him to be a great wizard like his dad and DO NOT LET HIM NEAR A BROOM! Love him, take care of him, and treat him as your son. Please keep Harry safe, teach him well, and, most of all, love him as your son. Love you and Harry forever and always, Lily Flower Sirius finished reading and was red with anger and tears. It was all Dumbledore's fault. Everything. He had been told about that prophecy. He had been the one to put the Potters in danger. He had tried to take Harry away from him. Sirius remembered the quote his grandfather, Arcturus had used in regards to the Wizengamot, "Fealty is best declared from the knees of a defeated foe. Those who stand against the House of Black will always be defeated when it has a strong Lord."