"What?" asked Mr. Potter sharply. "They disowned you?" said Mrs. Potter. Sirius nodded, and waited patiently for them to start doing something adult-like. What he didn't expect was for Mrs. Potter to place her hands over his and say, "Well, it's their loss." Sirius looked up at her in shock, and was greeted by her kind, reassuring smile. "They don't know what a smart, sensible, and honest young man they have in their midst. And while they don't appreciate it, I certainly do," said Mr. Potter nodding at Sirius, who smiled weakly, thinking about Demi and his self. "That settles it then, you're going to stay with us" Mrs. Potter said, as she continued to pour herself and her husband breakfast. They ate steadily, and soon, it was 11:30 am , and moments after they'd finished eating, James stood up and yawned, "I'm going to catch a few more hours of sleep," he said, nodding to Demi and his parents, before winking at Sirius and mouthing, "come to my room when you're done." Sirius nodded, and watched as James went up the stairs. It wasn't till he heard his best friend's door shut that he turned to face the Potters, "I am honoured and deeply touched that you are allowing me house here," he began, nudging Demi's foot to indicate that he was about to say something relative to them. He saw her place her own cutlery down and listen. "Nevertheless, I believe that I owe it to myself and yourselves to tell you the truth." He took a deep breath before saying, "I'm dating your daughter." He looked over at Demi, who smiled back at him and placed a hand over his. "And I care about her more than anything in the world, and I hope that you approve of her choice. If not, then I would be glad to make myself scarce." He and Demi looked back at the Potters who were unmoving and showed no emotion or recognition at what Sirius had said. A second later Mrs. Potter beamed at the pair, "I knew it!" she cackled, holding out her hand to her husband, "Ten Galleons, Jack." Mr. Potter smirked as he rummaged around in his pocket, before placing a handful of gold in his wife's outstretched hand. "You win," he muttered looking at his wife's glee-filled face. He turned back to Sirius and Demi before saying, "I don't mind that you are going out. But I don't want any funny business between the two of you while you're under this roof, okay?" The pair nodded before Demi and Mrs. Potter headed over to the kitchen to wash their dishes, and headed upstairs, Mrs. Potter interested in how and when the pair had gotten together. Mr. Potter was equally as interested, and turned to face Sirius, his face showing the signs of wisdom and old age. "I'm going to ask you some questions, and I want an honest answer, alright?" Sirius looked him in the eyes and nodded. "Good," Mr. Potter said, folding his hands, "When did this begin?" "The end of fifth year" Sirius replied. "And have you told James, or anyone else?" he asked. "No," replied Sirius. "James would go crazy and we thought it was best if you and Mrs. Potter found out first. We plan on telling James, I just don't know when." Mr. Potter nodded, "Very well, and I don't mind that you aren't telling James. It's your relationship and whatever you do it between yourselves. But I must say this; if you hurt her in any way, I swear I will make your life as complicated as possible." Sirius gulped and nodded once more, unable to speak. Mr. Potter's face cracked into a smile and he stood up, waved his wand, and cleared the plates. "You are excused, Sirius," he said. Sirius nodded, "Thank you" he said quickly, before heading upstairs and knocking on James' door. He had a second to regain his composure before the door swung open and he was pulled in. "Here you go mate," said James, as he shoved two book-like objects into Sirius' hands. Sirius ripped open the paper on one, and was greeted by his own reflection, "A mirror?" he asked apprehensively. James smirked, "Not just any old mirror. Say my name." Sirius cocked an eyebrow before saying, "James Potter." A moment later the reflection rippled and he was staring at James' face. He quickly turned to his best friend, who was holding a similar mirror, and watched as James said, "Hello Padfoot." Sirius heard the voice echo from the mirror, "So we can speak to one another?" he asked, amazed. "Yup," said James. "Wipe the screen with your wrist and it'll cut the connection." Sirius followed James' instructions and was once again greeted by his own reflection. "I got it in Diagon Alley, at this shop that sells old auror artefacts." "It's brilliant Prongs. Really," Sirius said, placing the mirror aside and opening the other gift. He was greeted with an actual book, labeled Twelve Fail-Safe ways to Char Witches. Sirius scoffed, "Do you really think I need this?" he asked, looking at his friend with amusement. James shrugged, "I've gotten all that I could out of it, and I'm hoping that if this year is better than the last, that Lily will come around. Eventually," he said as he pushed up his glasses. "Oh, yeah, definitely" said Sirius sarcastically. He got up and picked up the two gifts, and vanished the wrappings, as James laid down. "Going to nap," he said as he punched his pillow into shape. "Want to go for a round of Quidditch later?" he asked. "Sure," said Sirius heading out of the room and shutting the door behind him. He wandered over to his own, closed the door, and sat down on his bed, where he began to browse through the small book. " Chapter One: Who's that Witch?" Sirius murmured, as he began to read in his head.