if Reagan was told to do any chores, or is even given a bruise, he would be back to fulfill his promise to Reagan's mother and father. All three inhabitants of the House had paled dramatically and were now scared to even talk to Reagan which suited her just fine as she went through her mother's books and guitar notes while also deciding to learn some other songs. One thing she found she couldn't leave anywhere was Bellatrix's diary, for some reason she loved to read it and read the girls thoughts and feelings. She also talked a lot with Sirius, he would call every night through the mirror and she would reply, he would also bring her books to study and even got her a second wand, well it was her mother's wand which gave her sentimental value and she was able to practice magic with it and not be caught by the ministry. Fourth year was absolutely dreadful for Reagan; the Tri-Wizard tournament had been horrifying with Reagan's name coming out of the goblet. Her friends Ron and Hermione had turned their backs on her, claiming she cheated even though they knew she wanted nothing more than to have a quiet year for once. This led to her being cast out from Gryffindor common room and so Reagan had sought refuge in the Room of Requirement after collecting all of her belongings which was packed in her expanded and heavily warded trunk. The good thing that came out of the year was that Mad-Eye Moody had notice Reagan's isolation and had offered to teach her how to fight and defend herself, he had presented her with an outlet for her anger and resentment for her Gryffindor ex house-mates. She even brought books from Bellatrix's library that Sirius snuck in for her, while he warned that many of the books had dark arts, he couldn't fault her logic for wanting to become stronger to defend herself and not need to rely on anyone, especially Dumbledore, who had completely lost her trust. The good thing that came from the Tri-Wizard Tournament was that it was for Witches and Wizards who were considered adults, Dumbledore hadn't factored that in and as soon as Reagan knew that ruling, she had immediately gone to Gringotts and claimed the House Potter ring and the House Black ring which Sirius had allowed her to take which the Goblins were perfectly fine with. However, both rings remained disillusioned so that no one could see them on her fingers and know. Looking back on herself, she wished she had of listened to the damn sorting had and allowed herself to be placed into Slytherin, common view be damned because Gryffindor and her 'friends' all seemed to turn on her which Reagan only fully realized during the Tri-Wizard tournament. She absolutely hated the fact that they wanted her back after she came first place in the first task, she right out refused, went back to the great hall where she ran into Professor Moody who offered to give her some time to work out her frustrations which she gladly took. The second task, Reagan had saved the Beauxbaton Champion's little sister and Remus who was chosen to be her prisoner. This gave her the gratitude of Fleur Delacour and Reagan was seen hanging around, talking and even studying with Fleur. The older French witch and her friends had taken Reagan in, viewing the betrayal of the Hogwarts students as horrible and detested the Hogwarts students entirely. This led to Fleur asking Reagan to accompany her to the Yule Ball which Reagan accepted, the two even went dress shopping together to get matching outfits. Everyone's reactions were priceless when Fleur Delacour entered in a silver dress with her arm linked with Reagan who decided to ear an emerald green dress which hugged all of her developing curves in the right places. Professor McGonagall had told them they needed to find male dates, but Fleur pointed out that it was never specified that they had to be male and female partnered. The end of the Tri-Wizard tournament ended up with Reagan winning after an ordeal which had her stunning an imperiolised Krum, and then stunning Cedric after he had stunned Fleur. That was the same day she was captured and Voldemort returned, however, instead of killing her, her informed her that someone had informed him of how much she changed and asked her to join him. Reagan only said she'd think about it if he'd turn over Peter Pettigrew to the Ministry to free Sirius, before she accio'd the cup to herself and port-keyed back to Hogwarts and was pronounced the winner. A/N: So as I said, this was more of a pre-story chapter to inform every one of the changes that are being implemented the main one being Sirius being freed next Chapter. Barty Crouch Jr not revealing himself, Voldemort not torturing Reagan and instead offering her a choice. Reagan's not forgiving or forgetting and instead has taken it upon herself to learn to defend herself even through the means of Dark Arts, Reagan and the Diary of Bellatrix (which will be important all throughout the story), Reagan will eventually go back in time, but as I said at the start, this is going to be one of those Slow burn fics. Furthermore, I am going to endeavor to upload a chapter once a week. I will be putting "Taken" on hold as I am currently out of ideas for that one, might even re-write. Instead I'll be focusing on "Return of the King" and "P.S. I love you" which is this fic. "Return of the King" Chapters will be uploaded every Sunday-Monday (Australian Time) . While This fic will get a new Chapter every Wednesday-Thursday (Australian Time). Please read and review and I love to hear from you! Also with this fic I will be answering Questions at the top of every next chapter! Love you guys xoxo