at the four of them. "I'm mad at you. You and Harley went out and didn't take me," he said. "And why are you so dirty? And where's Harley?" Jonas shook his head, "I'm sorry I didn't take you," he said, going to pick up David, who backed away farther. "Where's my sister?" David asked, stamping his foot. "I wanna see Harley!" he screamed. "She's not here," Jonas replied, as Helen sank back into her chair, crying. "Where is she?" David asked. "She's gone," Jonas replied. "Gone where?" he asked. "Where'd she go?" Jonas was lost for words. How do you explain to a five year old that they're never going to see their older sister ever again? That she died at the age of 17? That she was never coming back? From behind him, Helen stood up and bent down in front of David, her legs crossed. "Sweety" she said, attempting to clear her throat and calm herself down. David continued to eye Jonas, "Sweetheart, remember Daddy?" she asked, and David nodded slowly. "You remember daddy right?" David nodded some more. "Well, remember when I explained that Daddy had gone to sleep?" David nodded some more, getting tired and antsy from the questions. "Well Harley's gone to sleep too, like Daddy." David shook his head, "NO. I WANT TO SEE HARLEY NOW!" he screamed loudly. "I WANNA SEE HARLEY AND DADDY. I WANNA VISIT THEM TOO!" he shouted, stomping his feet. Jonas and Helen began to cry slightly, and Helen shook David. "No, you can't see them, okay?" "WHY NOT!" David yelled. "BECAUSE YOU CAN'T" Helen yelled back, causing David to cry. She pulled him into a hug, "I'm sorry sweetie, but you can't. I can't. No one can." David, his voice muffled from his mother asked softly, "did she die like Daddy did?" he hiccoughed. Helen pulled away slightly and asked, "Who said that daddy died?" "Harley did, when you two were yelling about the vaction" David replied. "I heard it. Then when Harley came to play with me, I asked her and she told me that Daddy died. She said that he was gone. Is that what Harley did?" he asked. Helen paused before nodding, "yes. Harley's dead." David nodded, but with tears still running down his cheeks, he managed a smile. "That's okay. Harley told me that Daddy's in the sky, and that he's takes care of me everyday. Now Harley can take care of me too. And Daddy won't be alone anymore." Helen let out a sob before pulling David back in for a hug. Jonas collapsed on his knees, partially from physical exhaustion, and partly from being mentally drained. Helen reached around and pulled him in as well. The next few days passed by in a blur of emotions and tears. The funerals for the Fallen Fifty were held on the Hogwarts grounds, but Harley was buried next to her father in a different cemetery. The procession allowed grieving families to come together in light of mass tragedy and war, and to instill a feeling of community, after years of division. At the memorial, members of the families were asked to say a few words about their loved ones. Jonas was asked to say a few words about Harley, and for a few days, he was unable to think of what to write. But one night, as he played with David and his trains, he remembered how the pair had first met. As he stood at the podium with David sitting on his hip, he scanned the crowd before his eyes fell Helen. Jonas cleared his throat, "I was sitting quietly in a compartment along with two older kids on the Hogwarts Express. I was nervous, shy, and completely unprepared. Then, all of a sudden, a burst of light entered my light. That light was Harley Jasper. She was my first friend at Hogwarts, and my best friend in my life. She calmed me down when I was scared, made me laugh when I was sad, and most importantly, she held my hand when I felt alone. I don't have any siblings by blood, but Harley, and her younger brother David" here he lifted David slightly, and the crowd smiled, "they were my siblings. But its moments like this, that make you wonder- are you a sibling even when the other sibling is gone?" Jonas stopped, and held the microphone for David to speak, "Yes" he said. "My big sister is gone, but she's still my big sister. And my big sister's shoes can't be filled. I love my big sister most than anything in the whole world. And I miss her everyday. Sometimes I am sad when I think about how she is not here. But then I remember why she left, and it was so I could be safe. And she did not leave me alone. I have a big brother, and we will both miss her very much." The pair spoke into the microphone, "Harley we love you." Helen and Jonas's parents stood up and clapped, tears in their eyes, along with Harley's other friends. Near the end of the service, everyone was asked to place something at the tombstones for their family members. Jonas placed a small, framed photo of their two families when David was born. David, meanwhile, placed a small red motorcycle, a Harley Davidson, next to it. Nearby, the Weasley's laid several things on Fred's grave. As David passed, he spotted the name, "Fred," he said loudly. The Weasley's turned around, and Mrs. Weasley smiled slightly, wiping tears from her eyes, "He was my son." "And my twin brother," George said dully, looking from David, back to the gravestone. David let go of his mother and Jonas's hands and tugged on George's pant leg. George turned back to him, "He's your brother. He's watching over you like Harley looks after me." George smiled sadly, as a tear ran down his cheek. He nodded, "I know he is."