This was just one of the more taxing aspects of his little game. "I doubt that was their intention, sir ." He didn't immediately respond, and after a moment, she went back to trying to decipher the Hufflepuff's smudged handwriting through the copious red corrections she had already made. It was several minutes before he spoke again. "You seem to have misread your source." She looked up questioningly, unable to ignore what was sure to be more unwarranted criticism. Snape, apparently assured that he had her full attention, kept his eyes down as he spoke. "You have a few wrong dates here and one or two misspelled names." He glanced up at her with his usual expressionless mask. "Tsk, tsk, getting sloppy in your last year. What a pity ." Anger flashed in her eyes as Hermione clenched her fist in her lap. She had read that essay five times before handing it in and was positive that there weren't any errors. He stared at her for several moments, wordlessly daring her to argue, she knew, and it took every ounce of willpower she possessed not to respond to his goading. The rest of her detention was spent seething in silent fury, the Bubotuber essays forgotten in her irritation. When the clock chimes released her, she practically ran from the room, not even bidding the professor a good night. In her haste, she also missed the look of satisfaction on his harshly lined face. By the time she had made it back to the Gryffindor common room, Hermione had calmed down considerably. This was all part of their routine. Snape would infuriate her time and time again, but it never lasted long. Once she was able to get away from the daunting man and breathe, her anger would dissipate. Perhaps it was the knowledge of what he had endured as a spy or had suffered through as a teacher all these years, or maybe she had simply built up a tolerance to his sarcasm. She shook her head as she crawled through the portrait hole. That was a scary thought. As usual, her best friends were waiting up for her. Harry and Ginny were doing homework on opposite ends of the sofa by the fireplace, and Ron was camped out on the floor, polishing the racing broom that the twins had bought him at the beginning of the school year in hopes that it would help the Gryffindor team defend their title. They all looked up when they heard her come in and three pairs of sympathetic eyes followed her to the couch where the Head Girl promptly plopped down, mentally exhausted. "How did it go tonight?" Harry asked, rolling up the essay he had just completed for Remus' class. She shrugged. "It was fine. Quiet." She had stopped telling them the entire truth weeks ago. Harry and Ron still had their issues with Snape, despite all the man's help during the war, and it was just easier for all involved if she kept the details of her detentions to herself. "More essays?" Ginny asked as she flipped through her History of Magic textbook in search of the dates of some ancient war or another. Hermione nodded and the redheaded witch rolled her eyes. Ron shook his head in exasperation and went back to polishing his broom. Harry was the only one who didn't appear satisfied, which, unfortunately, wasn't the least bit surprising. "What's Snape up to?" he muttered, more to himself than anyone else. Hermione sighed. They had had this conversation countless times already and it was starting to grate on her nerves. She loved the raven-haired wizard more than just about anyone she knew, but his obsessiveness drove her mad sometimes. After Voldemort had been defeated, she had hoped that Harry would be able to calm down and enjoy the childhood he had missed out on — that they had all missed out on — but in the absence of an evil Dark Lord to slay, the hero had turned his focus on lesser adversaries, namely Snape, Malfoy, and the few Slytherin seventh-years that had returned to the school. It was sad, really, that he still couldn't just be the boy that he should've been. "I don't think he's up to anything, Harry," she replied for what felt like the hundredth time. "Have you done McGonagall's assignment yet? Let's do it together," she quickly suggested to distract him from trying to sleuth out the Potions Master's supposedly devious schemes — that was her job. Thankfully, the diversionary tactic worked like a charm and they spent the rest of the evening talking about Transfiguration. After finishing their homework, Hermione bade her friends good night and made her way up to her private quarters at the very top of Gryffindor tower — a perk that had come with the title of Head Girl. She occasionally missed the inane, girly chatter of Lavender and Parvati, but mostly she thoroughly enjoyed the privacy of her own space. And Crookshanks thought he was the Lord of the bloody Manor, prowling the small bedroom and even smaller loo, like it was a thirty-two room mansion. Said feline meowed when she entered the darkened room and lit the candles. He glared up at her with his large golden eyes, obviously cursing her for waking him from his seventeenth nap of the day. "Sorry, Crooks," she mumbled, throwing her knapsack and robes on the chair and collapsing onto the bed beside the disgruntled half-Kneazle. "Don't be mad at me, okay? It's been a rotten day." The cat, apparently feeling uncharacteristically charitable, meowed again and stretched his rather plump body out until he was curled against her chest where he promptly proceeded to lick her nose. Hermione giggled at his attempt at a peace offering and snuggled closer to his warmth. As she drifted off to sleep, still wearing her school uniform, her last hazy thought was the hope that tomorrow would be less of a disaster.