in here" The Gryffindor smiled and Fleur seemed the light up. Hermione left a little annoyed convinced she was imagining things about the way the vela was acting towards her. Even more annoyed because she couldn't blame it on the vela thrall, it only attracted the male population. A few hours later Hermione couldn't help but think about Fleur's perfect smile as Madame Pomfrey was shrinking her teeth. It was an opportunity for her and she let the mediwitch work, not stopping her until her teeth were smaller, until she could have a perfect smile. One that could match the French champion's. She thanked the mediwitch and walked out as fast as she could. She'd need to get notes for whatever she missed that afternoon. She was going to lose precious homework time, and she was distracted by her new teeth. She couldn't help but pass her tongue on them. As soon as she got back to her common room Harry came to her and explained he had finally received a reply from Sirius. They had to be ready for the 22 of November. They couldn't get a break! As soon as the day started there was something wrong again. Rita Skeeter had published what she could only call a fiction about Harry. She was flattered in a way to be called 'stunningly pretty', but deep down a voice in her head told her it was to with the article, as if Harry was top student in the school. People were pointing at her, making fun of her. She'd rather be invisible as usual. She felt a shiver and looked around, she found Fleur glaring at her direction. She groaned. She even looked good as she was scolding. Life wasn't fair. So she did the next logical thing, she went back to hid into the library, Harry tagged along for a while again but when she tried to be nice and said something about Quidditch he left, just because of wonky faints. She was even more annoyed because the Krum's groupies were once again following him in the library. She had to give him some credit thought, he didn't seem to abuse his status. Next time she'd do it, she'd bring earplugs. She was frowning, head buried in a book about house elves when she heard the chair next to her move and someone sat down. She remained as she was, in her book. She didn't want to be distracted again. The person next to her didn't seem to want to leave her in peace, after moving around for a while that person cleared their throat. Angry, ready to give them a piece of her mind, Hermione looked up and froze at the sight of Fleur Delacour. "Fleur?" "Bonjour Hermione" "I mean. Hi. I'm… surprised… to see you here" Stammered the Gryffindor. "French people are not as demure as you English. I needed a break from all the gossip" Hermione made a face. She wasn't sure if she should be offended or not. Fleur didn't seem to notice. "What are you reading?" The blonde just pulled on the book's cover to read the title. "Do you have homework on Elves?" "No. I'm doing some research on house elves. I want to find a way to end the abomination that is the house elves slavery" Stated a passionate Hermione. "But isn't it their purpose in life? I mean they like it, no?" "Of course not! They've been slaves for centuries, they are conditioned to act like they do. Which is why I want to find a way to get them rights. Wizards should treat them like living creatures and not furniture, pay them and give them off day!" The brunette was getting a little carried away. "Did any house elf ever request such things?" Enquired the blonde. "Yes" Awkwardly replied Hermione. Fleur probably realized something was wrong with the younger's girl response. "How many?" "One" Mumbled the brunette and was annoyed as she saw a smirk appear on the French girl. "Before you go to the ministry to change the laws, you should start by talking to elves" Fleur made a sign at Hermione as she opened her mouth so she could keep going. "I'm not you should stop. I just mean that you have to start with getting house elves to ask for this. Teach them that there is nothing wrong with wanting to be free and treated better. You can't just go to people and say that you want to free elves who would rather keep working as before for wizards" Hermione was baffled. Fleur was the first person to actually listen and not make fun of her idea. And her advice wasn't a bad one. She needed to find a way to speak with the Hogwarts' elves. Fleur took the brunette's silence as an opportunity to keep going. "I'm surprised to see you alone. Most of the time you are always with your boyfriend" Hermione was frowning again, she could have sworn the blonde's voice sounded bitter. "Not you too! Nothing in that article is real! Harry isn't my boyfriend for merlin's sake!" Fleur eyes grew wide at Hermione's loud voice as she leaned back into her chair. Hermione closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She didn't see Madame Pince glare at her. "I'm sorry. All of this is getting on my nerves. I didn't mean to yell" "It's okay. I told you I needed to get away from gossip and here I am, doing it to you. Sorry" Hermione nodded and neither of them spoke for a moment. The brunette slowly got back to her book, but kept glancing at the other girl, who after watching her for a while pulled out books of her own. Just a little warning. I'm a slow updater, but I'll update. I couldn't get that idea out of my mind as I'm rereading the HP books. I hope you liked it. Let me know what you think about it.