and higher. Harry couldn't feel his hand anymore; Ginny was gripping too hard, her nails digging into his skin. In the back of his mind, he hoped she didn't break skin. He didn't want to deal with a bloody hand on top of everything. "And the one who will be staying…is…" Harry waited with bated breath. All he could feel was Ginny's hand in his, the steel grip the only thing keeping him grounded. The blinding lights suddenly seemed too much, and he shut his eyes tight, focusing only on his shallow breaths, heart pounding loudly in his ears. And when he opened his eyes again, Harry inhaled sharply, seeing Sirius watching with an intense expression on his handsome face. "Harry Potter!" He found himself with an armful of Ginny, his vision filled with red. It was all he could see. The first thing he felt was wetness. There were tears trailing down her cheeks, catching on her curled lashes, smearing across his own skin when she leaned in, pressing her pretty lips to the spot just under his left eye. "Congratulations," she said, voice breathy but words sincere. Ginny pulled back, still with her arms wrapped around him, tears shining on her face, and Harry thought she had never looked more beautiful. He tugged her back into a hug, resting his head against hers and finally letting his tears fall. He startled, looking up to meet soft gray eyes. "You guys did good," he said in a low voice and offering all the assurances they needed, hand going up to ruffle Ginny's hair, making the girl cry even more. After promises to stay in touch with Ginny and the rounds of comforting words and pats from the other contestants, Harry leaned against a wall, staring blankly into space. He felt numb now that it was over. That was the closest he ever got to being sent home. So lost in his thoughts, he didn't notice the figure in front of him until a hand landed on his head. Sirius gave him a half smirk before settling beside him, crossing his arms over his chest. "How you feeling?" Harry shrugged, looking down at the black combat boots. They were really uncomfortable, and he wanted nothing more than to shove them off and rest his weary feet. But he remained standing. "Fine," he answered shortly. Sirius hummed noncommittally. "Even though you were in the bottom two?" Harry flinched at the mention. He did exactly as Sirius said to do, practicing a song out of his comfort zone that appealed to his mentor's edgy nature. He wore torn clothes, showing off his smooth tanned skin, driving much of the female audience members in a tizzy. Harry had shifted in discomfort at first, but he agreed because Sirius knew more about stuff like this since he had more experience (and another part of him went through with it to please Sirius). But maybe he should have said no. Clearly this rocker vibe wasn't for him. He couldn't sacrifice his own ideals and jump whenever Sirius beckoned him to. He wasn't a dog, for crying out loud! Determined, Harry straightened up. "Actually, I don't want to do this anymore." Sirius looked at him curiously with a raised eyebrow. "I don't want to do something just because you said so," Harry continued, voice rising as he gained confidence. "I want a choice, and I want to be heard, and these clothes are really uncomfortable, and I'd rather burn these shoes than wear them again!" He was breathing hard when he ended his rant, feeling anxious now that he said his piece. Sirius stared at him with an unreadable expression before he smiled. "Well, why didn't you just say so?" he said lightly, throwing an arm over Harry's shoulder and pulling him close. Sirius looked down at him, and Harry swore those grey eyes softened before pale fingers reached out to stroke the spot where Ginny kissed him. There was a curious frown on his lips as he did so. But before he could think too much on it, Sirius pulled back, grabbing Harry's wrist. "Come on, let's go!" "Where are we going?" Harry asked, letting Sirius drag him down the hallway. "To burn those shoes, of course!" That forced a disbelieving laugh out of him. "I wasn't being serious," he said with an astounded huff. "Well that's what we're doing now. Come on, off with those shoes." Harry let out a sigh when the red light clicked off; he was perfectly fine performing on a stage, but there was something just a tad unnerving about a camera recording him. There were no scripts or song lyrics to fall back on, just him and Sirius in a coaching session with the camera crew filming a little snippet to be aired later. Sirius sent him a smirk, seeing the tension leave his shoulders. He gave a consoling pat to the dark head of hair, and Harry bit back the frown forming on his lips. "There's no need to get all nervous in front of the camera," Sirius said, making his way across the room to plop on the couch. He gestured at Harry to follow his move. Harry stepped away from the music stand, sitting next to Sirius, and when he made no move to scoot away, the teen sidled on closer until their thighs brushed against each other. All he got was a quirked eyebrow for the daring move. "Maybe I wanted us to be alone," Harry replied cheekily. And as he leaned in, Harry knew he didn't imagine the darkening of those grey eyes. "I don't think you know what you're getting yourself into," he said, voice low and husky. Harry hummed in acquiescence. "But isn't that what makes it fun?" "Careful," Sirius warned, snaking a hand through those messy locks of dark hair and pulling Harry close enough that they shared the same air. "You're playing with fire." "I'm not scared of getting burned."