worried someone could hear you, little Ravenclaw?" he chuckled against her. "No." He held her hips firm so she couldn't wriggle anymore and went on pushing his tongue in and out of her and licking her wetness. He felt her hand in his hair, gripping him roughly he started to worry he'd be left bald after this. Part of him wished to tie them up and another part wanted her to continue. For a second he wondered what it would be like if she was the dominant one. He felt like she would be very good at it… with her bossy attitude. "Finally!" Hermione couldn't help but scream the second he sucked on her clit and pushed two fingers inside her, hitting her G-spot. "Ah, yes! Tom!" He was happy with her reaction and started fingering her faster and sucking harder until she reached her first orgasm. Screw anyone who might hear , she thought as she screamed out of long-awaited satisfaction. He licked her up until she was as dry as she could possibly be. Hermione doubted it would last long. "Delicious. I wish this was not the last time I'm doing it," he told himself. She was breathing hard and watched him as he stood up between her legs and looked down at her. He took her hands and pulled so she sat up. "Do you want this to continue? Are you sure?" he asked. Hermione looked briefly at his hard cock, then back at him. "Would you stop if I said no?" He hummed and said, "Considering how much you've been enjoying yourself until now, I wouldn't stop." He leant in and whispered in her ear with delight, "Because I know how much you want this and how much you'll enjoy what's next." He turned her around. Hermione exclaimed in surprise as she found her front pressed against the desk, nipples hardened in contact with the rough wood. She felt his knee widen her legs more. Riddle pushed back her hair from her face and gripped the back of her neck. She cried out as he thrust in her fast. He was big and hard. Hermione could feel him pulsing in her. Riddle groaned as her walls tightened against him. She was wet again. He started moving, his pace was slow, it was agonizing. Hermione needed more. "Beg, Hermione!" he commanded. "Please," she whimpered. "Can't hear you," Riddle teased her, still moved so slowly. "Bastard." "You should talk dirtier, I think I might like it." "Just fuck me hard, Riddle!" she shouted in frustration. "Please!" she added louder than the last time. Riddle let out satisfied breath, "Good girl." He pulled almost his whole cock out, just let the head inside. She groaned and gripped the edge of the desk. He plunged inside her and didn't stop this time. He kept thrusting hard. Hermione was gasping and screaming his name which only fuelled him. He pressed her harder into the desk with his hard member in her. She was crying out in pleasure and pain. It was such a good combination. She felt like it wouldn't take long for her to shake violently with another orgasm. Riddle managed to get his hands under her. He started pinching her red nipples harsh between his thumbs and forefingers. That made her yelp. Riddle didn't waste this moment at all. "Tom!" Hermione cried out. "Faster, please!" He obliged as she didn't forget to say that magic word, picked up his pace and was pulling at her nipples harder. The table was creaking beneath them but they didn't care. Riddle wanted to bury himself even deeper in her and never let go, and Hermione felt the same. She loved his hardness in her, hitting all her right points. She wished it would last forever. He felt so good. Riddle let out a long and deep groan when he exploded in her. She reached her climax too, her inside was hot and wet. Hermione relaxed on the table, didn't care how she may have looked now. "You're beautiful," she heard Riddle whisper behind her after he pulled out of her. The fluids dripping down her legs. "What?" she was confused. That wasn't what she expected from him after this. He meant it. To him, she was beautiful like this. Flushed face, ruffled hair, body covered with sweat, the smell of her. Everything. She turned to see his face better. His expression didn't suggest love clearly but there was something. Fascination maybe. It was difficult to tell what he felt. He used non-verbal Accio and his wand flew to his hand. Hermione looked more alarmed but he only cleaned them with a spell. Riddle placed his hands on the table on both sides of her so she was trapped between the table and him. She touched his cheek. He kissed her forehead and whispered, "Promise me this is not the last time you let me do this." Hermione hesitated. She was falling down the rabbit hole but it was hard to resist when she thought of what hot moments with him she could experience in the future. The feeling of him inside her was intoxicating. "It's not the last time." He gifted her with a small smile. "And I promise I'll fuck you and you won't regret." She shuddered at the thought. Hermione looked at him, suddenly turned on again by his words. "I'll take you. Anywhere. Anytime," his voice was husky with desire. She bit her lip. He glanced at her rapidly rising and falling chest. Nipples hard and red thanks to him. "If you sit down in any lesson next to me, I'll finger you under the table so a professor wouldn't see. And if you keep up the act of an innocent Ravenclaw, I might let you be on top." She grinned. "I'd like that. But I think you need to stop talking. Unless you want to start keeping those promises right now." He answered her with a hungry kiss.