a wave of jealousy and resentment for this child that had so much of Lily's love while he had none. He tore his gaze away and hardened his mental shields until he barely felt anything at all. "You're out of danger," he said abruptly, breaking the calm that had fallen over their little ring of quiet. "Your body will heal completely." Lily jerked her gaze toward him, her eyes wide. She'd forgotten she was in the presence of a Death Eater, one of Voldemort's loyal. He was a gruesome sight. His bone white mask splattered with coppery dried blood, his robe torn and soaked with the same. She could see no distinguishing features except for his pale long fingered hands. "Please," she asked. "Please, will you lift him to me? I don't think I have the strength to do it myself." The Death Eater spent a long moment staring at her, the shadowed eye slits of his mask trained unerringly on her face. She was sure he would ignore her quiet request, but instead he moved slowly, haltingly and lifted her son from the earth. He bore her baby's slight weight with one long fingering pale hand and cradling his head with the other. Lily watched her son being brought closer with awe and fear in her chest. This man, this Death Eater held her son's life in his hands for the second time that night. She was terrified he would snatch it away. She arranged her arms in a cradle and leaned back against the tree for support. He gently placed her son in her arms and she felt the weight of him settle solidly on her chest. It was one of the most wonderful things she'd ever felt. She didn't ever want to let him go. The Death Eater moved away again and Lily tore her eyes from her son's face to look up at him. "Why did you save me?" She asked, her finger's threading through her son's wild main of hair. He was wrapped in a piece of Death Eater robe she realized. It felt like a violation, but then she remembered that this Death Eater had helped her bore him into this world. That act almost purified it. "You saved me and you saved my son." She studied his impassive mask trying to discern any sort of emotion from its hard edges. "Why would you do that for a sworn enemy?" The Death Eater just knelt there, his shadowed masked gaze burning into her. Lily didn't look away, though the sight of him, gruesome and skeletal, made her heart beat with fear. She was vulnerable and wandless and at his mercy, but she wouldn't show him anymore weakness. They stared at each other in heavy silence, the Death Eater declining to speak and Lily unable to look away from him. A pale glint of gray light filtered through the tree branches and the Death Eater looked toward the East. It was gray dawn. The sun was rising. The Death Eater rose gracefully to his feet and turned away from her. He drew his wand, flicked his wrist sharply and the sounds of distant morning birds and the breeze through the trees invaded the silence. The ball of light he'd conjured blinked out of existence. He turned his back on her and strode to the furthest edge of the roots surrounding them. He reached into a pocket of his inner robe, withdrew her wand, and dropped it to the ground ten feet away from her. She wouldn't be able to get to it holding her baby and weak from birth and blood loss as she was. He was stepping over the roots and Lily realized that he was going to leave without another word. "Wait," she called after him before she could think better of it. The Death Eater paused. He stood completely still with his back to her, straight and tall. His body was held ridged as he waited for her to speak. "I owe you a life debt," Lily murmured into the quiet between them. His shoulders tensed. Lily bit her lip, determined. "You saved my life twice over, you saved my son's life. I'm in debt to you." Slowly, the Death Eater looked at her over his shoulder, regarded her from behind his stained, bone white mask. When he replied his voice was false, still disguised. "I'm no enemy of yours. You owe me nothing." He faced forward again and lifted his wand with an arching graceful wave he whispered, " Expecto Patronum ." A beautiful, ghostly, silver doe misted from his wand tip and disappeared into the trees following the growing sounds of a search party in the forest. Lily gasped at the sight and stared at the Death Eater's back in shock as he disappeared into the shadows without another word. Severus walked away from the love and heartbreak of his life. His heart was heavy and his head was pounding as his shields crumbled and all of the emotions from the night came flooding into him. He turned on the spot letting his mind direct his apparation to the miserable place that was at once home and not. He saved Lily's life tonight and helped her bring the spawn of James Potter, his boyhood tormenter, into the world. Her tears and her screams and the sound of her gentle loving voice soothing her child while her life's blood soaked him up to the elbows would forever haunt him. He knew it. It would haunt him like the look of disgust on her face when he'd called her dirty blood, like the blinding brightness of her smile, like the burning agony of his love for her. The child he'd held in his hands, her child; he was James Potter's son, every visible inch of him. Severus sneered, hatred, jealousy and resentment swelling inside him until it was all damped down by one redeeming thought. The boy would have Lily's eyes. End.