Blanche didn't sit with Sirius. Blanche knew what a blow to him this was seeing she was the only reason he took the elective—she'd begged him the entire summer between forth and fifth year to take it with her. Halfway through the class, Blanche looked across the room through the corner of her eyes and saw Sirius face down on the desk, sleeping. As much as Blanche loved Arithmancy, she couldn't focus on the reading from Numerological Theory. Every time Sirius snored lightly, she laughed to herself and looked across the room. The Professor of Arithmancy was nearing Dumbledore's age and was as deaf as a post, and as he sat at the front of the room grading their latest exams, he had no idea Sirius was off in dreamland. Sirius finally woke at the sensation of a Ravenclaw boy throwing a pencil at him. Blanche watched Sirius instantly look to the seat beside him to ask her how long he'd been out, but then his face fell when he realized she wasn't there. Grumbling, Sirius stood and walked over to the table she sat at alone. He took the seat beside her and watched her closely as she lowered her face to her textbook. "You've at least got to amuse me. I wouldn't be taking this class if I knew it would be me sitting alone for an hour twice a week," he stated flatly. "I don't know, you looked pretty peaceful over there," she shrugged, looking at him. With sleep fresh on his face, the youth that had been fading from his face of late sprung anew. Nowadays he shaved just a few barely-there patches of hair on his chin and upper lip and the line of his jaw was coming in; but in that moment of tiredness, he was thirteen again. Sirius looked at his lap and a stream of dark curls fell over his face. "I'm sorry about Severus. I should have listened to you." "You didn't, though," she responded in a blank voice, drawing her eyes back over the textbook. "We were just messing around—" "Don't make yourself the victim," she silenced him. "I want you to apologize to him. And if James ever wants a date with Lily, I'd recommend he accompany you." Sirius' brow furrowed at the mention of his friends very recent obsession with Lily Evans. "How did you know?" "Ever since under the yew tree, I just knew," she shrugged. "Men aren't particularly clever. You can see it in their eyes." Sirius grinned, looking over at her with wide eyes as grey as clouds looming over lightning. "What do you see in mine?" "A coward," she answered. He balled his hand in a fist and hit the desk loudly in anger. The goofy look dropped from his face when he refocused his close stare. "If I do this, will you forgive me?" He asked. "Yes," she responded. Sirius stood and just began to walk right out of the classroom. Before he was far enough from him, she lunged for his hand and tugged him backward. He looked at her in confusion, but her face was purely devoid of emotion. "I want his forgiveness of you, but make sure he knows he shouldn't expect mine or Lily's forgiveness." Sirius nodded stoically. If there was one thing in their minds that was equally clear, it was that the term 'blood traitor' was not a word to be used lightly. Both coming from families who valued the pure-blood agenda, they did not take being called a blood traitor kindly. After their acquaintance was nurtured into friendship over second and third year, the final bridge that made him and her best friends was what sat behind both of their last names: hatred, prejudice, and egotism. Both Blanche and Sirius were black sheep in their families for their tolerance, and over that they clung to one another. Sirius continued out of the room with stiff shoulders. The professor never noticed that he had left—to no surprise. Blanche unfolded the letter her snowy owl, Sulwen, had delivered in the Owlery. She nearly groaned in exasperation when she saw it was from her mother. She instantly grew irritated at how immaculately measured the creases of the letter were and how frustratingly automatic her mother's script was. It was quite funny; amongst friends and classmates alike, she was known as the structured, unwelcoming one. If only they knew her mother. Blanche, I hope the first few months of your last year at Hogwarts have been constructive; your father and I are very proud of your academic success. I am thrilled to tell you that your Uncle Rodolphus has become engaged to a charming woman by the name of Bellatrix Black, who is most wonderful and talented. She is the cousin of your friend Sirius. I am, in fact, writing to you about this boy. Rodophus has told me that his fiancée's cousin is a blood traitor. As Bellatrix's aunt, Walburga, has confirmed this, your father and I have decided you shall no longer be associated with this rapscallion. His familiarity with you reflects poorly on your father to the Dark Lord and dishonors us as a family. I am confused to why you affiliate with his kind; your father and I raised you the True way, and I believed you had better judgement than this. I was speaking to Walburga further of her incorrigible eldest son, and she tells me he associates himself with mudbloods. This is unacceptable behavior and I request it stop at once. Bellatrix's and Rodolphus' wedding will be held just after your return from Hogwarts. When I see you then, I expect your deviant behavior to be rectified. Best regards, Lavinia Greengrass Lestrange "Short and sweet," Blanche mumbled to herself as she crumbled the letter in her hands. Her fingers wrapped around it set it afire, and before the flames licked her skin she tossed the sooty remains on the ground and stomped on it.