coming toward them. The death eater's wand was raised and Percy's eyes widened in fear. "I don't think I've heard you joke since you were — " Fred continued. However before he could get further Percy threw himself atop his brother. He pushed him to the ground seconds before an explosion rocked the corridor. Percy's body shielded his brother's as the debris flew at high speed through the enclosed space. Percy's body ignited with pain as shards of metal, wood, stone, bombarded his body. He clenched his teeth as he felt something plunge into his back. Hot blood gushed from the wound. Percy felt in run down his back like a waterfall. "Percy!" Fred's panicked voice called out. Percy's eyes felt heavy. "Percy. Percy please stay awake. Please!" Percy heard the voice but he couldn't understand the words. He could only focus on the heaviness of his eyelids. They flickered shut and his world faded into nothing more than a haze of blackness. The last thing he heard was his brother screaming his name before he sunk into oblivion. As Percy's eyes flickered open all he was aware of was the pain rippling through each and every part of his body. His eyes were blinded by a harsh and burning light. He blinked. The next several minuted were spent letting his eyes flicker open and closed until he could no longer fell his retinas being burnt. He looked around. His mind was unwilling to put the species together. His brain was too groggy for it to recognise the bedroom that he had not set foot in in over a year and a half. However it couldn't fail to notice the lump that lay at his side. Percy silently groaned as he attempted to sit up, willing himself to see who it was that was at his side. As he pushed himself up further a pained moan was forced from his chest. It sounded through the room, louder than he had expected. As soon as the sound was released the lump beside him shot up. A hand was set over his chest, gently pushing him back onto the flat of his back. "No Perce, no" a soothing voice called to him. Percy let the hand guide him, his brain recognising the familiar voice. One that he had longed to hear for the past year and a half. One that he had missed so dearly. A face came into his vision and Percy could do nothing more than smile, tears filling his eyes. Even with the pain he brought a hand up to the man's face. "Jackson" he managed to whisper out as he let a hand run across the stubbled cheek. Percy was too relieved to see his lover, to hear his voice, to see the changes in the man. His eyes were tired, black circles under them. His face was thinner, his cheeks looking far more hollow then they had eighteen months ago. His voice was gruff and his hair unkempt. However Percy didn't care. All he cared was that Jackson was here. They were finally back together. "I love you Jax." Percy murmured out, before his eyes closed again and he fell into the realm of Morpheus once more. Percy woke again three days later. Jackson was there to sooth him. To comfort him. To tell him all that had happened. The battle was over. It seemed that they had won. Percy had been out for two weeks and in that time it seemed that the wizarding world had utterly changed. Percy had managed to save Fred, the young man had got away with little more than a few cuts and bruises. Percy on the other hand had had a large piece of wood pierce him through the back. It had pierced through the skin and into his kidneys. The force of the rest of the shrapnel had broken an arm and a leg. However that large piece of wood had done the most damage. It had jolted into his spine, shattering several vertebrate, casing fragments of bone to become littered throughout his body. Blood had filled the space that his lungs were supposed to fill, several lungs poking through the delicate membrane that protected the organs. Percy had very nearly died. It had only been Fred's quick thinking that had stopped that. He had cast any and all healing spells that he could remember. Protecting his brother from any death eaters that came near, while attempting to take the older Weasley to the hospital wing. Percy was confined to bed-rest at the Burrow for the next two weeks and only with the help of many potions and spells was he finally able to make the trip downstairs with the help of Jackson on each and every step. The months after that were spent fixing all that had been broken. Family, friends and lovers became reconnected. Percy was the most happy that he could ever remember being. His family close and Jackson closer. No one seemed to care for differences anymore. Molly no longer saw anything wrong with her sons. It seemed that the death and destruction that had surrounded them had made everyone realise that there was nothing more important than each other. It mattered not if people did not conform or if they were a little different. They were family and that was all that mattered. On Christmas Eve Percy was given something that lead to the happiest day of his life. A key. A key to a small flat in London that Jax had bought them one that they could move into within the week. So a week later when Percy walked through the threshold of the flat. He took Jax's hand in his and prepared to live the rest of his life. He was happy and he was determined to remain so. As long as he had Jax by his side and his family to support him, he was sure that he always would be.