with a fond smile on her face. "Actually i was hoping to ask you a favor, i've been thinking about trying to become an animagus." Minerva smiles fondly, "Yes i'd like to help you achieve that. I'd love to see what your animagus is." The woman informs with an almost playful grin, the sort Hermione remembered kissing off her face more than once. It hurt Hermione more than she had thought it would, of course Minerva and Yseult had never professed any great love but they had gotten so close and had been so comfortable with one another and not just in a physical way but on an intellectual and borderline emotional levels as well. In the back of her mind she knew she could tell Minerva everything, none of the past mattered now as far as the future was concerned but a bigger part of Hermione realised what a betrayal that would be, Minerva was young and having an affair with a woman who wasn't her student, for Hermione to tell her now that would just be inappropriate. Instead the two lapsed into comfortable silence, it was a warm clear night and they lay there together looking up at the stars and feeling a sense of peace and calm for the first time since the battle had been won. Hermione had, for the most part, used the alone time she had of a night, to tell of the differing time lines, documenting the things she had changed for the sense of her own sanity. Bellatrix had urged her to do so, that it would be good if one day these things were necessary to know of, a learning exercise even. But tonight she was just happy to stay silent and enjoy the peace with a woman she both did and didnt know intimately. HGMMHGMM Hermione was sitting quietly in the examination room, Bellatrix was there with her as not only was the older woman under her care at the moment but the two had struck up the friendship that they had once had when Hermione was pretending to be someone else. It was as drab and sterile as a muggle hospital even though magic allowed for a great level of care and most things were sterilised with a simple flick of a wrist. Hermione was simply waiting on a medi-witch to arrive to check her over, again with a relatively simple set of spells. Hermione was just about to strike up a conversation with Bellatrix when the door opened and a woman walked in. "Miss Granger, My name is Gretchen Walker and i'll be checking you over today. Madame Black." The woman greeted Hermione first before looking over to the silent Bellatrix. "Hey Gretch, been a while." Bellatrix seemed to confuse the woman when she smiled at her. "Only like, 30 years give or take a few years." Gretchen gave a half smile. "You became a Medi-witch. You was my favourite Quidditch player, what happened?" Bellatrix inquires seriously and Gretchen wrinkles her nose. "I got recruited for the Harpies and my second practice i got knocked off my broom, it caused damage in my shoulder that couldn't be completely healed." Gretchen explained with a huff and Hermione cringed a little. Gretchen was a year younger than Bellatrix and had been a star Ravenclaw Chaser. "Oh, i'm really sorry to hear that. You had amazing talent." Bellatrix says genuinely sympathetic which seemed to surprise Gretchen more than anything else. "You really are the same old Bella." Gretchen says rather happily at this and Bellatrix grins. "Yeah i am. Granger already pointed that out though. Very reliable source this one." Bellatrix draped her arm around Hermione's shoulder and effectively brought the attention back to the younger witch. "Yes right, lets run these tests then shall we." Gretchen smiles and moves closer to Hermione, she places a charm on a sheet of paper she had and then cast some sort of spell of Hermione, she hadn't studied too much medical magic so she wasn't sure what the spell was. With a few flicks of her wrist Gretchen had a magical link between Hermione and the piece of paper and, amazingly to Hermione, the piece of paper was filling with results and diagnosis' depending on what the spell was looking for. Her blood pressure was fine, heart rate normal, slightly dehydrated but not requiring medical attention. Her temperature was normal there was no residual magic in her body that could be affecting her, no curses or jinx's. Hermione heaved a sigh of relief and looked at Bellatrix who had been reading the results as well. The problem was that Bellatrix, who had begun to, wasn't smiling anymore as she still looked at the paper. "You're pregnant." Bellatrix blurts out looking shocked. "What?" Hermione asks dumbly before looking back at the paper and sure enough there it was. Pregnancy: Confirmed; 9 weeks 3 days. HGMMHGMM "You... you are pregnant." Bellatrix points out only when they were home and in the cottage again. "I am." Hermione murmured, she was in a state of shock. "Whose is it?" Bellatrix asks softly as she knelt in front of the young witch sitting on the couch. Hermione looked into Bellatrix's eyes, her good friend and confidant was there, then and now the same person only now she had more life experience. Hermione was torn between wishing for her old Bellatrix, the past that wasn't her own, the Minerva she knew and adored. She wished the peace she had felt after the battle at the castle had lasted for her but now all she felt was dread. Not because she was pregnant, but because of who she was pregnant by. A thirty years younger Minerva McGonagall who had trusted a young woman who didn't even exist. Hermione had committed the worst betrayal and now as a result she was pregnant to a woman who would hate her if she knew. She didn't answer Bellatrix, instead she burst into tears.