massive fist on the couch. Harry forced himself to remain cool. ''They even bewitched a mannequin for Dudley so that he was able to train boxing.'' Dudley nodded. ''Yeah, that was Dedalus. He was quite interested in boxing-'' - '' Interested '', Uncle Vernon snorted. ''Boxing with a mannequin, be glad that your future opponents didn't see you, that lilac lunatic-'' - ''Dedalus isn't a lunatic'', Harry said, leaning forward. ''He spent the whole year protecting your lives, putting himself in serious danger. Hestia and he even stayed with you when it came to battle instead of joining the fighting. They both spent their entire life fighting Voldemort, but they put that aside to to protect you. And you didn't even shake their hands when they brought you home safely.'' Once again, Harry noticed how absurd it was that his uncle, who exploded at the bare use of ''the m-word'' didn't even flinch when the name of the darkest magician of all times was uttered. ''There was a battle?'', Aunt Petunia asked while Uncle Vernon thought about an adequate answer. - ''Yes, there was a battle'', Harry said. ''We won, Voldemort's finished.'' - ''Forever?'', she asked and Harry nodded. ''Did you kill him?'', Dudley asked. ''Sort of'', Harry said. ''Oho'', Uncle Vernon snorted. ''So now you're a murderer, just like your godfather was?'' - ''Sirius didn't murder anybody.'' - ''But you did.'' - ''Strictly speaking, it was rather some sort of suicide, but yes.'' Uncle Vernon licked his lips. ''That's why you're here, isn't it? Hiding from the authorities? From this - Ministry for Magic?'' - ''Don't make yourself more stupid than you are'', Harry said. ''I won't have to hide myself from anyone for the rest of my life. It's over. Forever.'' - ''Don't you dare talking to your uncle like that!'', Aunt Petunia exclaimed. Outside, the neighbour from Number Two started his lawn mover. Uncle Vernon turned scarlet, most likely because his own lawn was growing wildly outside. ''What did they do with our lives?'', he asked. ''Nobody at the firm noticed that I've been away.'' - ''Obscurity and confunding spells'', Harry said, although he had no idea how that actually worked. ''They even manipulated the accounts'', Uncle Vernon snorted. ''That criminal lot.'' Harry took a deep breath. It was enough. He felt seventeen years of fury on Aunt and Uncle raise in himself, and there was no reason left to hold them back any more. '' Stop talking about my friend like that.'' - ''Stop talking to me like that, boy! If we hadn't taken you-'' Harry jumped to his feet and realized that Kreacher had done the same. ''Yeah, you took me in, I've heard the rest of it! And that's the single good thing you did to me in seventeen years!'' - ''Ungrateful boy- here you stand, in the clothes we bought for you- '' - ''Those are my own, you see? That's why they're actually my size'', Harry hissed. ''You only gave me Dudley's old things which were ten numbers too big for me, you let me live in the cupboard under the stairs for ten years, put me behind bars and fed me through the cat's door like a criminal, told everyone around I'd be going to that St. Brutus's for heavy criminals-'' - ''YOU EARNED IT, BOY!'', Uncle Vernon thundered. ''You set a snake on my son, blew up my poor sister, and Mr. and Mrs. Mason haven't talked to me since you put that cake-'' ''YOU'VE TREATED ME LIKE AN ANIMAL!'', Harry screamed. ''I never was allowed to eat the things I liked, I didn't get a single flinch of love in this house, Mrs. Figg was even cruel to me because she thought you wouldn't let her take me again if I liked it at her's-'' - ''HAVEN'T EVEN STARTED WITH THAT MENTAL FRIENDS OF YOURS, DUDLEY'S TAIL, THE LIVING ROOM EXPLODES, A WHOLE YEAR WITH THAT LILAC LUNATIC AND THE FAT-'' - ''I'VE LIVED IN A TENT'', Harry answered, ''I HAD TO FIGHT FOR MY LIFE, I WAS RUNNING AWAY EVERY DAY, I SAW FRIENDS DIE-'' - ''I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR GODDAMN FRIENDS'', Uncle Vernon roared, and that was where he went too far. Harry drew his wand and pressed it against his uncle's chest. Uncle Vernon's shirt started to smoke and he fell back on the couch with a frightened squeal. Aunt Petunia's horseface was pale, Dudley hid his face behind his hands. ''You'll never get it, will you?'', Harry said hoarsely, his wand still aimed at his uncle. ''You'll never understand what courage or decency means, you'll always be a cruel little man who is scared of everything he doesn't understand.'' - ''Don't you dare'', Aunt Petunia started, but Harry stared her down furiously. ''Shut up, you're even worse'', he said and looked into her eyes, which were so different from her sister's. ''I know everything. I know how it really was when you were children. You, my mother, and Snape.'' Aunt Petunia pressed her hands against her mouth and stared at him. ''She still loved you until the end, although you were so cruel to her, but you pretended that she didn't even exist, told her son lies about her, and why? All out of pure jealousy. Because she was able to do magic. And you couldn't.'' Dudley and Uncle Vernon stared at her, while she seemed to be unable to take her eyes off of Harry's face. ''You two really deserve each other'', Harry said bitterly. ''You'll never see me again. Looking at you makes me sick.'' He put the phoenix stick back into his pockets and went to the door, followed by Kreacher. At the door, he turned around for a last time. Uncle Vernon was still staring at his wife. Aunt Petunia was crying silently. Dudley looked at him. ''Take care, Harry'', Dudley said. ''You too, Dudley.'' Harry took Kreacher's hand and felt himself being pulled into nothing, leaving Privet Drive forever.