nearly turned swinging. "Merlin's balls! You scared the hell out of me." Hermione scowled at the woman who had been laying on the couch, Narcissa looked nothing but amused. "Sorry, dear. Tough day?" Narcissa inquires hoping to placate the witch a little bit. "Tough few weeks. Where have you been?" Hermione huffs kicking off her heels and setting her bag down before going to the kitchen and getting some vodka and sprite from the fridge and two glasses. "I'll tell you later. You sound like you need to vent a little." Narcissa says gently as she takes the vodka and adds an amount that Hermione appreciated right now to both glasses before Hermione added the sprite. "If you don't mind." Hermione huffs relaxing back on the sofa with the witch beside her. Narcissa listened and ranted along with her about the overly opinionated people who had to take it on themselves to judge something they knew nothing about. After one glass an a bitching session with Narcissa, Hermione was feeling considerably better about herself and her situation. It was only after a bathroom break for each witch and Hermione had changed for the evening that they came back to the sofa and settled down again. It was then that Hermione had turned her attention to the woman beside her. "So, where have you been the last few weeks?" Hermione asks again. "Sorry, i should have dropped by but i've been so busy. Draco and i sold the Manor. To the Ministry no less. So i've been busy doing all the paper work for that and splitting finances with Draco. He's planning to do a bit of travelling and i'm hoping to work on a new business in the next few months. I bought a quaint little cottage in Hogsmead and have been moving in." Narcissa explains much to Hermione's surprise. "Well that's great news. A fresh start right?" Hermione was genuinely happy for her friend. "Absolutely. A quite little cottage i can live in, a relatively peaceful village. It's nice, i already like it and i havent even moved in yet." Narcissa was smiling because she genuinely was pleased with her choices. "That awesome. I'm happy for you. What business are you thinking of getting into?" Hermione sips her second drink after asking, sincerely interested in Narcissa's venture. "Magical Menagerie in Hogsmead. The property i bought was fairly large on the edge of town, i'm really thinking of opening up a store and living in the loft upstairs. But not just companion animals. I was thinking maybe say rescue animals and the such, things the school could hire as a teaching aid and things like that." Narcissa explains with a faint blush, she didn't think Hermione would judge her badly but she didn't want any negative feed back either. She had never really had the chance to do something she truly wanted to do for herself before. "Oh i think that's a fantastic idea." Hermione says smiling brightly because she truly loved the idea. "You really think so?" Hermione's smile gentled at the uncertainty that she saw as well as heard. "Absolutely, Cissy. I think its great. A lot of students first starting out, especially the muggle-born ones, aren't real sure about a familiar and often don't get one. Having the Menagerie there really gives them more options and i'm sure if you spoke with Minerva she'd loosen the rules on just what people are allowed to take to school. Plus i could probably supply a few Balls here and there." Hermione explained and Narcissa could really see her point. It made the older woman feel infinitely better about her idea. "What about you? What's your plan anymore? Since you are quitting your day and night job?" Narcissa asks curiously. "I honestly don't know. This was as far as i got. Suppose i will move." Hermione sighs softly and shrugs. "Move in with me." Narcissa returns without missing a beat. Hermione looked at her uncertainly. "Seriously. You're getting out of the whoring business, you have a bunch of money. I have a new place that i've been converting. An extension charm on both floors is a given. I'll make space for you, a large room. Your own bathroom, your own kitchen and living room if you want it." Narcissa says seriously. "I don't know, Cissy. I tried to get away from that world." Hermione was hesitant. "Sure, i know. You did get away from it. But you've said it before, you have no real qualifications for this world. You enjoy the sex but you're done with prostitution. Come back to our world. Come keep me company and i will give you a job. Everything else we can sort out together." Narcissa practically begs because honestly the idea of living with the young woman was something that appealed to her. They both wanted to put the past behind them and though that would be difficult at times they respected each other for being willing to do that for one another. They were also really good friends already and they had only had these little get togethers a few times. They were also like-minded people and both very intelligent, they wanted to move on with things. "Are you asking me to move in or are you proposing?" Hermione teases because really she didn't have to think about it. If she had to go back this would likely be the most agreeable way to do it. "Oh, dear, there's no way i'm falling into the trap of marriage again." Narcissa chuckles and rolls her eyes before looking at the witch expectantly. "Ok. I'll move in with you." Hermione smiles and for the second time in three and a half weeks Narcissa exuberantly throws her arms around the little witch in an excited hug. A hug Hermione gladly returned. This likely will not be a super regular fiction so i apologise but i hope you who enjoy it can be patient with me. AM