in suspicion. "Who are you?" "Sorry?" Dominique blanched. All of a sudden his wand was trained on her chest and she started in disbelief. "Put that thing away before somebody loses an eye!" Hallucinatory or not, family doesn't pull wands on family! "You're not a student here. So who are you?" Percy asked tersely. His eyes, narrowed with distrust, bore into hers. He didn't recognise her. "Are you nuts?" she cried. Dominique took a step back, her hands shaking slightly. Yes , she answered herself. He'd clearly lost his mind in her brief absence. It was all fun and games until somebody got cursed… His wand wavered a bit but he quickly steadied himself. "I'll have to ask you to give me your wand," Percy demanded. The light pressure of it against her thigh was one of the few comforts she had left in the current whirlwind of insanity - he'd have to pry it away from her cold, stunned hands. She shook her head. "That's not going to happen." The Head Boy, looking conflicted, started forward and Dominique froze, unsure exactly how to act in this situation. Her mind reeled - fight or flight, fight or flight? In a moment of pure grace her stomach answered for her. Throw up. Percy's disposition changed in an instant and he darted towards her hunched form in a fluster. "Merlin, you're ill!" ' You think?' Dominique thought weakly. She shuffled away from him in a futile attempt at escape but he didn't seem to notice, instead guiding her down the corridor, carefully avoiding the path of her retching as they approached a tall curl with very curly brown hair who gasped as they neared. "Oh my, what's wrong with her, poor thing?" Percy's tone oozed with confidence and Dominique wondered if he was getting a perverse joy from his newly authoritative position. "I'm not sure, Penelope. I think she's delirious…she may have been attacked." He said the last part in an undertone and Penelope quietly gasped again. Dominique, however, couldn't help but recognise the irony in that statement – he was the last person to be going about making judgements on people's mental stability. Percy murmured something about cleaning up a mess near the back of the train before finally leading her out into the cool night air. Even in the darkness Dominique could make out the glittering lights of Hogwarts Castle shimmering comfortingly in the distance. She decided that she was going to skip the Welcome Feast altogether and sleep for a week, only just realising how exhausted she felt. She sagged unwillingly against Percy, feeling a bit like a ragdoll. "Steady there, we'll have you up to Madame Pomfrey in no time." "I don't need the Hospital Wing, I want to go sleep," Dominique protested. And I want to put considerable distance between us, maybe get a restraining order , she mentally added. Percy tutted disapprovingly. "You're clearly very ill – it's my duty as Head Boy to make sure you're seen too before you get worse." Dominique groaned in response. "You know you're not exactly inspiring the comfort you think are…" Percy half dragged her towards the few remaining carriages docked by Hogsmeade Station, presumably left moored for the Prefects. The sound of gentle snorts huffed in the silent air and Dominique noticed tiredly that her delusions were getting more vivid. He paused a few feet from the closest carriage. "Do you think you've got it all out of your system?" he questioned and Dominique realised that he didn't want her throwing up inside. She nearly scoffed - hallucinatory or not he was definitely her uncle. "Yeah, just give me a minute to breath," she muttered, leaning against the glossy carriage door. By this point the shock of his apparent mental breakdown had worn off and Dominique was just concerned with surrounding herself with other, preferably mentally stable, people who could serve as reliable witnesses should he pull his wand on her again. Unaware of her schemes, he glanced towards the shadow of the castle looming over them magnificently. "You may feel nauseas again when we go through the gates, Dementors have that effect," he warned. Dominique barely stirred, her exhausted eyes seeming to roll of their own accord under heavy lids. Because of course we couldn't just leave it at crazy relatives. "Dementors - at Hogwarts?" "Nobody likes it but it's necessary for our safety, no one knows what Black is capable of after all. Escaping Azkaban, it's unheard of…" A disbelieving laugh escaped her lips. "Black…as in Sirius? " She raised a challenging eyebrow at his incredulous expression. "Of course, don't you read the Prophet?" "I think you're a little behind the times, anyway wasn't he cleared-" " Behind the times? " Percy repeated disbelievingly. "It was only a few weeks ago! I really should be taking you up to the hospital wing, you're worse than I thought!" A few…? Wait. What? Dominique suddenly felt very concious, the air suffocatingly still as she stared at her uncle properly for the first time since waking. His red hair held none of its usual grey flecks and the only wrinkles on his face were the premature frown lines he'd been blessed with since childhood. Younger , she realised dumbfounded. He couldn't have been more than a few years older than herself. And he thought Sirius Black was guilty. And there were Dementors at Hogwarts. Which hadn't happened since… Dominique's mouth felt cotton dry. "What's the date?" "September 1st, 1993. Why?" Her eyes widened as she stared at him for a moment that felt like an eternity. The realisation hit her with the force of a freight train and her hand automatically slid into her pocket, grazing the delicate golden necklace. Percy frowned, looking perplexed as he finally opened the carriage door. "Can you recall your name now?" She was only vaguely aware of an unintelligible mumble escaping her mouth before she fainted once more. I'm going to kill James.