seemed to consist of grunts and snorts mostly. "Mr. Potter, it's your turn. Mr. Potter?" "Harry? Harry, are you with us?" he heard Dumbledore ask. "Huh?" Harry was torn from his musings about Flint's physical merits and realized that Ollivander was obviously waiting for his wand. "Sorry," he said and Fleur rolled her eyes and sneered at him. Harry couldn't care less. "Ah yes, I remember very well." Ollivander turned Harry's wand in his hands. He said no more and closely inspected a tiny fault on the lower part of Harry's wand. "That happened during the fight in the Chamber of Secrets," he said, feeling as though he should explain. "I, um, fell." In fact, a violent slash of the Basilisk's tail had crashed him into a wall, but he didn't want to be a show-off and talk about fighting Basilisks. Nevertheless, he heard Cedric gasp and stare at him incredulously. "I see," Mr. Ollivander said. "Well, it seems to be in order. Aqua! " He nodded when a fountain of water sprayed out of Harry's wand. "But in order to see whether the fault has any influence on the wand you should perform a piece of Advanced Magic." What? Harry didn't even know any Advanced Magic and he really didn't want to embarrass himself any further than he already had. "How about you show Mr. Ollivander your Patronus?" Dumbledore suggested with a smile. "Oh yeah, riiight…" Harry blushed. He was really slow today, he mused, this better shouldn't happen during the Tournament. " Expecto Patronum! " Several people in the room gasped when a silver stag appeared and pranced about the room. Mr. Ollivander smiled. "It looks faultless to me. Mr. Potter, I think your wand is perfectly in order and will work very well for the Tournament." Harry gave the stag a pet with his hand and made it disappear with a poke of his wand. Hopefully, he turned towards the door, it seemed like everything was finished. "Photos!" the blonde woman cried and clapped her hands excitedly. "Let's start with a group shoot!" xXx When Harry stepped out of the room, he still had tiny flashes of lightning dancing before his eyes and he was hungry because he had skipped breakfast to finish his Charms essay and because of the ceremony he had missed lunch, too. "That was quite impressive," Cedric said, looking down at him. "Corporeal Patroni are really hard; most Seventh Years can't even produce a mist." "Professor Lupin taught me," Harry said dismissively. "You just need a good teacher. Anyway, gotta go to dinner, I'm starving." He wanted to dash off, but Cedric grabbed his shoulder. "I'll walk you." Harry suppressed a sigh; Cedric was really nice and everything, but Harry didn't feel like talking to him right now – he felt more like having dinner, to be honest. "So, what was that about the Chamber of Secrets?" Surprised, Harry looked up at him. "You know it was opened two years ago, right? Ron and I went down to get Ginny back." "You make it sound like shopping in Diagon Alley." Harry snorted. "It wasn't, I assure you." Hadn't Dumbledore informed the students of what had happened? Obviously not; Harry thought it might rather ruin a school's reputation if anyone found out what had truly happened. "So… where is it? And what was in there?" "It's under the school and there was a Basilisk in there, but luckily Fawkes and the Sorting Hat helped me kill it. Well, maybe you shouldn't tell everyone… even better, don't tell anyone." "What do you mean, you killed a Basilisk? And who's Fawkes?" "He's Dumbledore's phoenix, don't you know him? Oh right, probably not." Harry remembered that most students probably had never even seen Dumbledore's office from the inside – and most certainly not when they were model students like Cedric. The Hufflepuff shook his head. "You really are mad, you know that?" Harry had to laugh. "Yeah, I guess that's what being chased by a Dark Lord does to you." They had arrived at the Great Hall which was already buzzing with students. "See you 'round." "See you soon," Cedric said with a smile and went to his cluster of his fans assembled around the Hufflepuff table whereas Harry seated himself next to Hermione who just shoved the last sausage she had obviously saved for him onto his plate, without even looking up from her thick tome about Ancient Runes. "Hi," Harry said. "What happened in Potions after I left?" "Neville's cauldron exploded," she informed him, "he's still in the Hospital wing. Gryffindor lost sixty points – twenty thanks to you because you forgot to give your essay about Calming Potions to Snape." "Huh? We had an essay on that?" Finally, Hermione looked up and rolled her eyes at him. "Honestly, Harry, what is it with you? You are so confused these days… it's even worse than normally." Harry scowled at her. "Well, thank you… not?" "You really should work on your discipline," she reprimanded him, "especially with the Tournament going on. You will need all of your strength for that and you should really try to learn as much as possible so you'll at least stand a chance to pass all of the Tasks." "Why is it that everyone thinks I'm completely incompetent?" Harry grumbled into his mashed potatoes. "I'm not that stupid." "Of course I don't think so," Hermione said and squeezed his hand reassuringly, "it's just that it will be a lot harder for you than for the others – they have had three more years for learning, after all." Harry sighed. Naturally, Hermione was right, as always. He really had to get his act together and start learning serious, advanced magic. Luckily, he had Hermione by his side – she would help him, he knew. xXx A/N: I hope you liked it... not too much Harry/Flint-action, I know, but that will change soon enough! Please review and tell me what you think :)