she nuzzled her nose against his before giving him a gentle and deliberate peck. Once she'd done so it was too easy to reveal the truth; "But most importantly I have you, Ronald Bilius Weasley. You're my family now." Ron slipped a hand into his pocket. Half of his arm was in before his face showed signs of victory in locating what he'd wanted. Fingers peeled back to reveal a small velvet box. Then in a rushed sort of slur he asked, "Isupposeyouwouldbeokaymarryingmethen?" "Come again?" Hermione requested, not sure she'd heard all of the right words. Much more slowly, Ron proposed again; "Well, if I'm your family now then I suppose you would be okay marrying me." It came out with an air of observation. This was confidence and bravery in Ron she'd never quite seen in him until then. Stereotypes made her wonder often while growing up if he'd not been better off in another house. However, time had shown her that everyone has a little bit of every Hogwarts house in them. The house they're sorted to is the one that simply will help them grow the most. Ron proved it that day. "We haven't even been on a proper date!" She exclaimed, though she still opened the box. Inside was a golden band with a squared diamond. Ron pulled the ring out and placed it on her finger; "I've just found your bloody parents, I think we can skip the dating bit, yeah?" Hermione pondered it all. Marrying a man she'd not dated? They did live together, alongside Harry, and it had been a lovely experience for the most part. War has a way of tainting many things but there were nights spent cooking and eating under the stars that she wouldn't trade for the world. Inevitably there would be fights, tears, and tantrums galore. Hermione would want this while Ron would want that; and they'd never agree on some things no matter how long they were with one another. Regardless of those prospects, Hermione knew quite plainly that life with Ron Weasley was the only thing left to want. Ron proved how much he'd matured by making Hermione's priorities his own. Again she thought on how his career as an Auror could've been compromised with the means he'd used to find her the Grangers. All the same, he hadn't cared a lick about those potential consequences. There was only one logical response to his proposal. She stood in a simple white gown adorned with red and yellow gems around the bodice and he was opposite her in a black suit with his Gryffindor tie. Once upon a time, Hermione would have thought it a joke if someone said it would be Ronald Weasley standing across from her when she married. Contradictorily, every face in the crowd saw this as no surprise. It had been clear for years that the two were meant to be together. "You may kiss the bride," It was Harry who had officiated during the ceremony. He had announced just that morning that he could imagine anyone else marrying off his best friends. As soon as the words out of his mouth were Ron and Hermione attached at the lips, finally at peace being open about how deeply in love they were with one another. Hermione and Ron made their way down the yellow carpet, everyone clapping and whistling as they went, only to stop at the buffet where a dozen or so house elves waited to serve the crowd. Ron bent down to the nearest one and shook her hand; "Thank you for doing this. She wouldn't have had it any other way, you know." Beside him Hermione fanned her face to avoid crying. He'd allowed her to hire only house elves for the set up and catering. Didn't even bat an eye at the wage she wanted to give them! She muttered in appreciation; "Oh Ron…" "It is our pleasure, sir. Anything for the founder of S.P.E.W., after all." The house elf bowed quickly and then snapped with both hands. Plates were made for the respective tastes of each spouse. Ron grabbed both and escorted Hermione to a table dressed with a white cloth with placards showing only their names. In the busy tones of guests standing to get their plates too, Hermione moved her seat closer to Ron. Years were spent enjoying meals side-by-side at Hogwarts. It felt as natural as breathing. She let out a sigh; "I'm a proper Weasley now, aren't I?" "Always were as far as I was concerned…" He spoke with a tone that said she should've already known this information. And in some way she did, but hearing him actually admit it gave her a warm and tingly feeling in her toes. "Really? You never doubted it once?" Ron turned to look at her with a lopsided grin. Hermione waited patiently, a tiny bit of horror sneaking up her throat, but Ron didn't make her suffer long; "I almost gave up a few times, but I just couldn't pretend that I didn't love you. There was this feeling in my gut that I would lose you forever if I did." Hermione knew the feeling well, and she glanced to her parents who'd been drinking sparkling wine alongside Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. They got on very well despite the many differences between them. Hermione was grateful not just for how comfortable the group felt together but also because they were together. It was all because of Ronald Bilius Weasley, a quiet knight always ready to save the day. "Thank you for not giving up," Hermione whispered as she laced her fingers into Ron's comfortably; "I wouldn't have known this much happiness if you had." Author's Note (1): Ravenclaw, Themed (Almost Giving Up), 4,999 Words Author's Note (2): The Latin spells you see in the text are: Semita (which means to seek), and Venari (which means to hunt), and Mente reverte (which means to return the mind).