bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog. " Shhh!" hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!" She understood all too well what Hagrid felt, but Harry's life was in danger. While He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named disappeared his followers were still around and they most certainly would have liked to get their hand on the one who defeated their Lord. So, for Harry's safety they had to keep the whole business in the biggest privacy. " S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it. "But I c-c-can't stand it -Lily an' James dead -an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles –" "Yes, yes, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found. Also, there has been a change in the plan, so Harry won't be left here ," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm. " Well," said Dumbledore finally, "We've no business staying here. We have to finish this conversation in private, Minerva. Hagrid let me take care about young Mr. Potter. Don't worry, we will find him a suitable home." " Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall - Professor Dumbledore, sir." Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night. " You should follow me , Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply. In the next second she once again turned into a tabby cat. She nodded towards him, and he acknowledged that she was ready to go on their business. The bundles which contained their precious cargo were still in his hands, and with a quick spell he disillusioned the baby. He started walking quickly and she followed in her animagus form not entirely sure where they were going. Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange . Minerva wasn't sure how long she has been following Albus when they suddenly stopped in front of a house. What surprised her even more was that Dumbledore opened the door of the house with a series of wand movements and long muttering. The house was obviously warded though for why she wasn't sure. They were in the middle of a very Muggle neighbourhood after all - maybe a magical family with Muggle relatives were hiding here during the war? Albus opened the door for her but signed not to change form. "Who is there?" Came a slightly familiar voice to Minerva, but not one she recognized. A woman a bit older than her asked, and in her Minerva recognized Arabella Figg. What was she doing here? As far as Minerva remembered she lived in a magical community not caring about the fact that she herself couldn't produce any magic. "Nice to see you again, Arabella," Albus greeted the woman who flashed him an enthusiastic smile. "I'm sorry to bother you at such a late hour, but I would like to use your Floo," he stated. "It's urgent," he stated. "What about the thing we have talked earlier?" she asked curiously. Minerva wasn't sure what the other woman meant, but Albus obviously did. "Things became a bit more complicated, my dear, so tomorrow I will come and tell you everything, I promise. Now I must be on my way," he stated and the woman agreed. Minerva followed the pair to the living room and after the flames turned into a striking green he followed Dumbledore. "Headmaster's office, Hogwarts." The moment they were in the office she knew as well as her own, she turned back into a human. Dumbledore lingered for a bit longer in the fireplace, but when he joined her, baby Harry was already visible and quite audible. He also performed a series of privacy spells to make sure that no one, not even the portraits heard what they were saying. "Oh, hush, baby, hush," she said and took the toddler from Albus who looked utterly surprised by the crying baby. She was curious when he had a baby in his hands last. Yes, they dealt with a lot of children daily, but they were all at least eleven-year-old, never a fifteen-months-old. "So, you have some information for me, Minerva?" he asked softly after gesturing to the chairs on the two sides of his desk. She sat down with Harry still in her hands. He started sleeping again, and she hugged him close to her. How long it has been since he was in her arms? "You asked me if I know anything about Lily's biological parents. Well, I know," she stated, but she stopped. Dumbledore urged him with high eyebrows. "And? Would it be possible for Harry to remain with them under the blood ward?" he asked curiously. "I would hope so, because Lily is - was - my daughter," she stated and Dumbledore straightened. He froze the moment those words left her mouth. "Lily Potter née Evans was your biological child?" he asked not believing his own ears. "Yes," she stated firmly. "This baby here is my grandson." Author's note: I hope you will like my series. The basic concept is what would happen if Harry was comfortable with the professors of Hogwarts, if he has grown up around them? How much different his Hogwarts years would be? Also, he starts learning magic before Hogwarts. Expect lots of McGonagall, Dumbledore, Snape and even Flitwick and Sprout - but don't worry, we will have Harry, Hermione, Ron, Neville, Ginny, Draco and the whole lot as well. Just no Dursleys.