wouldn't be able to last very long at all, she was throbbing with desire for the woman between her legs, literally dripping with arousal. The moment Apolline's tongue greeted her hard clit for the first time she screamed out in pleasure. She could feel the self satisfied smirk on her mates face and it only made this better. Hermione felt Apolline's hand move from where it had been resting on her thigh and suddenly felt fingertips circling her dripping opening. The brunette opened her mouth to beg the stunning French woman for anything, just more, when said woman drew her clit into the hot cavern of her mouth and sucked hard. At that same moment two fingers pushed inside the brunette and the stinging pain and the incredible pleasure coursing through her body was enough to send her over the edge. She came screaming Apolline's name and arching off the bed. She chanted 'thank you' as she came down from her high. "You taste... I will miss this taste while you are gone." Apolline gently lapped at Hermione's lips before moving up the young body again. "I've never felt... goddess. You are a goddess." Hermione panted out sincerely and shivered as Apolline kissed her neck. "Non, just your mate who wants nothing more than to deliver you to bliss, ma belle." Apolline nibbled the mark before pulling back. Hermione looked up with lazy eyes and smiled at the French woman who pecked her lips before lifting a hand to gently trace the bright red mark on the young woman's neck. "This mark, it will never leave your skin and will only fade through death." Apolline explained leaning down to kiss the mark again. "A feather? And... is that a claw?" Hermione inquired and finally Apolline lifted her hands unbound the young woman. The bindings became Hermione's dress, bra and panties and settled on the edge of the bed. "Oui. I suspect to symbolise the veela and her lioness." Apolline smiled and kissed Hermione who finally got to touch the older woman though it was fleeting as the French blonde pulled back. "Non, ma belle. We have to get back to Fleur's wedding." Apolline's words easily doused Hermione increasing hunger for the blonde woman. "Ah yes. I... Apolline, when this is over... can I come to you?" Hermione became a little shy as the two sat up. "Oh sweet girl. I expect you to send a patronus to me on occasion. I will know if you die but if you are captured I will have no clue. Just enough to let me know you are well and when this is over I will be waiting to heal you if need be and definitely to love you. Just remember. You belong to me." Apolline spoke possessively as she pulled the little witch to her and kissed her again. "Just as you belong to me. Don't forget to get a divorce. You're mine now, I wont have you laying with anyone else." Hermione tangled her fingers in blonde locks and pull the woman's head back kissing the mark on Apolline's throat. "I could not, even if I wanted to. I cannot betray you like that just as you cannot betray me." Apolline practically purred at the girls treatment of her when Hermione nipped at a cord running along the woman's throat. "Good. Come on, we should get back to your daughter's wedding." Hermione climbed off the older woman's lap and began to pull on her clothes. Apolline snatched her panties from her before she could put them on and Hermione raised an eyebrow. "A keepsake." Apolline explained with a smirk and Hermione simply rolled her eyes. The two dressed and shared a few tender kisses on the way down to the foyer. Once there they spent a few moments not talking but simply looking at each other, memorising each others faces and eyes, the highlights of their hair. Only when they were satisfied did they share another deep, meaningful kiss before pulling apart and Apolline apparated them both back to the Burrow. They had only been at the Burrow a few short minutes before Fleur approached them both smiling brightly. The smile faltered slightly when she noticed the matching marks on the witches necks. She moved forward and embraced first her mother and then the young brunette at her side. When she pulled back Hermione smiled a little shyly at her mates eldest daughter. "Congratulations, Fleur." Hermione spoke softly yet sincerely. "Merci. You too 'Ermione. I am 'appy for you, maman." Fleur smiled at the two though she spoke softly so not to draw attention to the newly mated couple. Before anything else could be said an ethereal lynx appeared in the marquee warning that the Minister was dead and that the death-eaters were coming. Not a moment after the lynx disappeared several death-eaters appeared and began firing. Bill ran over to his wife and mother in law and Apolline squeezed Hermione's hand as Isaac and Gabrielle ran over. "Be safe my darlings." Apolline spoke to both her daughter and her mate before abruptly apparating with her husband and youngest daughter. "Why not go wiz 'er?" Fleur asked Hermione even as she cast hexes at death-eaters. "Because of the boys. Don't worry. I will return to her." Hermione was sending out her own hexes. "Be safe, maman." Fleur leaned over and placed a kiss on Hermione's forehead. "Even in a time like this you see fit to sass me?" Hermione smirked, Bill looked a little confused. "Oui. Get used to it." Fleur flashed a grin and Husband and Wife disappeared. Hermione didn't need much time then to find the boys, she gathered them close and apparated them out of the fire fight immediately. She knew they would be a while, hunting the horcruxes and trying to save the magical and muggle world alike. She also knew that she would do her absolute damnedest to make it back to her witch in one piece.