to work on that when we get there and know exactly what we're dealing with. If we're not together when we come out of this, we'll need to establish contact as soon as possible, but remember, do it cryptically. The war has taught us subtly, I suggest we use that to our advantage." "I think we should also have some sort of code word, to make sure it's us we're talking with. Anything could go wrong…"Hermione suggested. "Or infiltrate…" Ron growled. "You've both got a point…" Draco conceded, the pair blinked at that. "Let's see…" Harry tapped his chin with a finger in thought. "It has to be something significant to us, but that no one else can understand…" "That narrows it down." Ron rolled his eyes. Draco wondered when the red-head had become so sarcastic/pessimistic. Ah, the war. That's when. The four were standing there in a circle of sorts, racking their brains for anything that they could use. Harry looked up, a bright and gentle smile on his face. "I've got it." He said, and the three facing him waited in the quiet. Harry told them his suggestion for the code word—or rather phrase. Hermione and Ron understood what it meant to Harry, but Draco remained confused. Harry, with a look of wariness from Ron and one of encouragement from Hermione, explained its significance, as simple as possible, to Draco. "It's fitting really, if you think about it." Harry mused, more to himself. "It's perfect." Hermione smiled. Ron clapped Harry on the back and Draco just stood there, looking solemn. It was very unlike him, but then, a lot of his expressions were these days. "Well, if we're all agreed, then we better go on before we change our minds." Harry sighed, knowing in his own heart he never would. "If it were up to me, I don't know if I could go through it all again. I'm tired , Harry." Ron said wearily, and Harry knew he meant a deeper fatigue than that of exertion. Harry could relate. But then, he never was one to quit. "I am too." Harry agreed. "But I need to save them, Ron. Stop Riddle before he even got started again. I've got the chance and I won't pass it up. But if you want, I…I can go alone." "NO!" the three announced back in alarm, making Harry jump back in surprise. "We'd never let you do this alone." Hermione said furiously. "And you're going to need an ally from the other side." Draco chimed in. "You need us. Just like we need you, Harry." Ron said in finality. Draco somehow knew Ron didn't particularly include him in that statement. But he wasn't sure why he cared in the first place. Harry let that ink in for a moment, then Ron spoke again. "What will happen….to y'know…the family?" "I researched this magic we're using…"Harry explained, earning a beaming smile from Hermione for that," Long story short, the Ginny, George, Percy…everyone we know now won't really exist. They'll all be restarted like the timeline. In a way, it's better…they won't carry our burdens. And they won't exist in a world we left forever." Harry explained quietly. He was going to miss his Ginny though. They'd gone through so much, and their love was strong. But he knew if it was meant to be, then they'd find each other in that same love again. And he knew they would. "Alright." Ron gulped, trying to remember the last words he's said to his siblings and parents. He knew he'd see them again soon…but they'd be versions he hadn't seen in almost a decade. "Ready?" Harry said, a sparkle of light in his otherwise dull green eyes. He held out his hand, the one with Umbridge's scar. "Ready." Hermione replied, grasping his hand in her own. "Ready." Ron's voice cracked, placing his larger, freckled hand atop his friends'. "Ready." Draco whispered, placing his slender gloved hand over Ron's, who flinched at the coldness of Draco's palm, even through the glove. Harry stretched the gold chain necklace around them all, then with his free hand turned the orb with the click if the buttons on the side. He did this about seven times. Then once more in the other direction to seal the count and let the altered magic take place. Nothing happened. They stood there huddled in the room, then Harry let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. He was about to say something when the lights began to flicker. The lights clipped on and off, as if it were a power surge and the flickering became more pronounced and rapid. Bulbs exploded. Vases cracked and broke apart, making Hermione jump and cling to Ron, who had pulled her and Harry against him. Harry linked his arm with Draco's, pulling him into their protective huddle. The clock to their side began to whir. It had everyone's faces (except Draco's of course). Harry's, Ron's and Hermione's pointed to 'mortal peril', Fred's said 'unknown' (and had been since his death) while the rest pointed to 'abroad'. But now it began to spin, and everyone's pointers began to blur in the movement. Only the trio remained in 'mortal peril'. Their surroundings began to blur with movement, not unlike what Harry and Hermione experienced in their first time-travelling trip. Gusts of wind seemed to surround them, whipping their hair in all directions. Darkness blanketed the four, with flashes of multicolored light and various flashes of noise no one had time to decipher. Nothing was visible now, and so they each closed their eyes shut, waiting the 'storm' out. Harry felt the floor drop from beneath them and wondered for a second if they were falling. But they stood upright. Soon he felt his grip on Draco and Ron dissolve, and yelled out their names. The last thing Harry remembered was hearing Hedwig's soft hoot and seeing a flash of green light before the darkness swallowed him up.