you know my mum wrote part of this?" Rose asked as she returned to her chair. Lorcan shrugged. Lysander said, "I know she's written a bit, but I don't remember what books they're in. Mum's mentioned it a few times." Rose knew that Hermione had been asked to write a lot following the war, and their own library contained a book she had written, along with compilations she had taken part in. Most of them were about coming to terms with the Muggle community and understanding their way of life. It was something her mother had always been passionate about, having been born to and raised by two non-magical people herself. She had made it part of her life's mission to change how the magical community viewed Muggles. Rose started with How I Gave a Monster Mercy , flipping through the chapters. They were each titled after a wizard who the Wizengamot had tried, and detailed the case and the journey to reach a verdict. She recognized some of the names later in the book as belonging to former Death Eaters, but Scorpius' grandfather was not listed. The next book was about the journey to heal the magical community following the war. Rose skipped the details about how many people had died; there were some things she didn't want to dwell on. She knew that's what her parents were trying to keep her from by banning these books. She found a chapter written by her mother, titled Healing Ourselves: Justice and Forgiveness. I'm constantly being asked how I feel about some of the people who followed Lord Voldemort being set free, or not condemned to spend a lifetime in prison. Everyone who asks me these questions expects me to be angry that any leniency is being shown to these people who murdered my friends, tortured my teachers, and tried to destroy my world. I am still unsure of how to express how I feel, but I'll try. Every life that we lost at the Battle of Hogwarts weighs in my heart. I can feel those names with each heartbeat. Some days are worse than others. Some days, my head doesn't dwell on that awful period of time. Some days, I sit in a room alone and let my head be filled by the names of the dead. I can't add any names to that list. There are some people whose actions are unforgivable, and I want nothing to do with the sentencing of those people. I'm not saying that I can forgive what some of the Death Eaters did, but there are some whose names I don't want hanging in my heart. There are some where I want to find a redeeming quality to hold onto. I would so much rather say that a person has some good inside of them that is worth fighting for than condemn their life to what they've already done. As publicized following the battle, Harry Potter survived the Killing Curse through a sheer miracle. It was nothing we could have anticipated, and nothing he thought was possible. He thought he was going to die that night. Honestly, most of us thought we would all be dead by morning. More remarkable than him surviving that curse, however, was what happened directly following it. When asked to confirm that Harry was truly dead, one of Lord Voldemort's followers lied to him. She pronounced him dead, even though she knew he was still alive. Even with all of the awful things she had done leading up to that point, she decided that there was enough good inside her to change. Narcissa Malfoy stood trial with her husband and son seven months after the battle. Harry testified on her behalf, detailing what had happened and how she had saved his life. As he told the story, Narcissa dropped her head and began to cry, clutching her husband and her son. Harry told the Wizengamot that every person in that room was still alive because Narcissa Malfoy had taken an enormous risk to save his life. He asked them to give her mercy in his name, for what she had done for him. What Narcissa did in the forest did not absolve her and her family for all of the wrongs they had done during and prior to the war. However, it showed that there was something worth fighting for. There was a change that could be made. It would have been so easy to see every Death Eater who survived the war thrown into a cell. It would have been just as easy to have lobbied for their execution and see every one of them die. But enough lives have been ended by this war. There comes a time where you have to move on. Clear your head. Don't forget the names of the dead, but realize that there are other names that have to take their place. I try to list the names of my friends who did survive, and take time to celebrate their lives. So, how do I feel about some of the Death Eaters not being locked away? I try not to think about it. I'm scared that in forty year, we will be facing another war because of the mercy my friends and I lobbied for. I'm relieved that I'm able to take steps to move on from the tragedies I witnessed and the horrors that I thought would never leave my head. I'm proud that I am able to see the good in people when I have every reason to turn away from them. You temper justice with mercy. You try to forgive when you really don't have to, and maybe you shouldn't. You remind yourself of the times you've been forgiven when you've really messed up. You think about when someone has stuck up for you when they didn't have to. You have faith in the human spirit. You have faith that we will persevere, and somehow, things will improve .