minutes ago… When she arrived, Harry was pushed up against the wall with his hands trying to push Cho Chang off and stop her from kissing him. "Get off of him Chang!" Daphne yelled as she ran up to her and ripped her off of him. "Get your own boyfriend cunt! Leave or I'll hex you!" Chang just ran from the room, crying. Harry looked at her with shock and embarrassment, "She jumped on me! I tried pushing her off…" " I told you ya Bastard, that she was trying to get in your pants! But nooooo, Daphne is just paranoid!" Daphne raged as her slight Scottish accent showed through her usual calm and collected voice. " What can I say? I thought that she knew I had a girlfriend, Daphne! Maybe if you came to DA we could actually have fun together!" Harry shouted, suddenly angry at his girlfriend. " Oh, so this is what it's about? Not coming to your DA meetings eh? Tracey and I were planning on starting coming again, but seeing as you would rather cheat on me at them!" Daphne continued to rage, throwing hands around to animate her anger. " She. Kissed. Me. Daph. I would never cheat on you!" Harry said, "I realize it's hard for you to come to DA meetings with Umbitch breathing down your neck, but I never see you anymore!" " What am I supposed to do Harry?" Daphne said quietly, staring at him, "You can't come over for holidays or during the summers, you can't find time to come to the library anymore even with your Quidditch ban, you can't even find time to meet me for HOGSMEADE WEEKENDS! *she paused and sighed* Harry, do you really want to be dating me?" Daphne sniffled after the very last comment, trying not to cry, "If you don't, I can take it. I'm a big girl." " Daph. I love you, I would never leave you. I've just been so busy with detentions and everything… I'm sorry if you feel I don't care about you. How about I come over for Christmas? I'm sure your dad can arrange it…" Harry said as he brought her into his arms, resting his chin on the top of her head. " I love you too, Harry", Daphne whispered into his neck, a slight smile creeping onto her lips. " HARRY POTTER IS DEAD!" cried Voldemort as his Death Eaters slowly entered the courtyard of the Castle, with Hagrid carrying his body. " NOOOO! YOU BASTARD!" Daphne yelled as she ran towards Hagrid, trying to get to her now dead boyfriend. Hermione and Tracey grabbed her, preventing her from getting any closer to the ever-growing numbers of Death Eaters. " Stupid girl!" Voldemort said as he shot a silencing spell at her, cutting off her rant, "Harry Potter is dead. From this day forth, you must put your faith, in me…" Voldemort turned back to the assembled Death Eaters and shouted, "Harry Potter is Dead!" eliciting laughs from himself and the group. He turned back to the gathered students, "A now is the time to declare yourself! Come forward and join us!" A few moments went by before Draco Malfoy made his way down to Voldemort and his parents standing behind him, "What a bastard. I'll make sure you die first Malfoy!" Daphne screamed, causing Voldemort to silence her once again. As he silenced her, Harry rolled out of the arms of Hagrid onto the ground. He soon stood up and sprinted into the damaged ramparts with Voldemort trying to kill him all the while… Daphne was tending to the wounded in the Great Hall when the cheers rang through the halls of the castle. She and the others weren't sure if they were the celebrations of the Death Eaters or the students, but they readied their wands towards the door. Suddenly, the doors flew open and a raven-haired, green eyed boy, no man, was standing there. He quickly scanned the room before locking eyes with a blonde-haired, blue-eyed beauty. He was suddenly at an almost dead sprint towards her with her running towards him as well. They meet in the middle with Harry picking her up and spinning her as she kissed him deeply. " I thought you said Slytherins don't run, Daph?" Harry asked as he set her down, her arms still hugging him as tight as her muscles would allow. " Only into your arms, Harry. Only into your arms." Daphne responded, "Harry, what are you doing?" Harry, who had just spent the past two days in Hell fighting Death Eaters and an evil Dark Lord, was now on one knee in front of a Slytherin, "Daphne, I wouldn't be the man I am if you hadn't asked Hermione for tutoring in Ancient Runes. I spent the past year watching you on my map, hoping I could just spent one minute looking into your eyes. Well, now I've got you. Will you marry me?" Daphne had her hands over her mouth, covering her shock and surprise, "On one condition, I have to ask Daddy…" James Sirius Potter, first born son of Harry and Daphne Potter, cried into Potter Manor as Harry made his way down the hall to him. As he entered the room and picked up his son, Harry tried to sooth him with humming and bouncing to no anvil. As the boy continued to cry, Harry heard his wife make her way down the hallway as well. Hoping he could maybe pass the baby off to her, he turned expectantly towards the door. He was surprised to see Daphne holding his Elder wand, inscribing a rune into the door. "Is that an Egyptian rune?" Harry asked, "What's it do?" "You would know if you paid any attention to Hermione during our study sessions, but I guess you just thought Ancient Runes were for Dummies." Daphne said as she powered the rune and closed the door… 'Silencing ward, sneaky'