him and held him tightly, "I think that just means you're a good son. I'm not so sure it means anything else." When he looked up, Harry was standing at the open door. His friend looked beyond sad and Ron thought for a moment that there was probably no one else at Grimmauld Place as equipped as Harry to understand Draco's pain. Slowly, Harry backed out of the room and silently closed the door. iIiIiIiI Soft whispering and light from the window woke Draco hours later. He held perfectly still so as to not alarm Ron he was listening. "I promise I'll make you happy. I'm so sorry it all happened like this, but I promise I will do everything I can to give us a chance. I'll come back to you as fast as I can, Draco, and I will give you all of me if you'll have me," Ron said like a prayer. Like a snake striking, Draco maneuvered his body above Ron's, "Where are you going that you will have to come back?" Ron's eyes were wide as saucers. He had thought Draco asleep, "Nowhere." "Don't lie to me, Weasley," Draco snarled furiously and slammed his hands around Ron's like vices. "There's something I have to do," Ron attempted to regulate his breathing. Draco's eyes became slits, "And so you'll abandon me here with a bunch of wizards that just as rather would see me dead." "They will protect you," Ron attempted to free his hands. "You made a Vow to me. You promised me," Draco's face was red with anger so potent that a vein throbbed at his forehead. Ron licked his lips, "I will come back to you, Draco. I swear it." "I will not stay here without you," Draco said vehemently. "I will return to Malfoy Manor if I must." "They'll murder you," Ron panicked. He shifted and used his body weight to pin Draco under him. "You have to stay here. You'll be safe here." "My mother is dead, because of what you would have from me and this is what you give me? You vowed to be mine, Ron. You are mine and I will not be left behind," Draco thrashed his body to free himself. Panic clawed at his throat and squeezed at his lungs. His breath started coming in short, shallow spurts and dark spots blinked in his eyesight. Above him, Ron stilled his hands cradled Draco's face. "Breathe, breathe, Draco. You're having an attack. Breathe," Ron sat Draco up in bed and pushed his head between his knees. "There, breathe. In and out, stay calm." "Fuck you, Weasley," Draco spat as he attempted to drag oxygen into his lungs. As soon as he felt like he would not faint, Draco reached for the wand in Ron's pocket and pinned the redhead beneath him once again. He pointed the wand at Ron's throat, "I will not be disposed of." They locked eyes for what seemed a lifetime until Ron exhaled loudly, "Fine. We'll speak to Harry and Hermione. We'll tell you everything and you can come with us if you still want to after you've heard it all." "Promise me," Draco demanded. Ron pushed his forehead off the bed and kissed Draco, "I promise." Draco dropped the wand and his hands clung to Ron's neck. Ron sat up fully and tugged at his old t-shirt until Draco raised his arms to be unclothed. There was a frenzy of mouths on throats and fingernails clawing down Ron's naked back. Pants were pushed insistently down by needy hands. When Draco's hand wrapped around Ron, all the air in Ron's lungs disappeared. Ron pushed the Slytherin gently back on the bed and settled himself between Draco's knees. Beneath him, Draco's cheeks and lips were darkened with pink and his eyes were cloudy with need. Ron would never forget that first sight of Draco naked beneath him. Grabbing his wand, he cast a careless silencing spell and locked the door. No one would interrupt this moment that they had been working towards for so long. Ron kissed his way down Draco's taut belly and took him fully in his mouth. Draco's fingers tugged at his hair and his thighs pushed at the sides of his face as he writhed in pleasure. If Draco was serious about wanting him, then Ron was serious about giving Draco all of him. He coated his fingers with lubrication from his wand using a spell all young wizards learned when they became teenagers and pushed gently at Draco's opening. Draco's head went back against the pillow with a mixture of discomfort and pleasure. He pumped his hand in and out slowly, adding additional fingers only when Draco seemed ready. When he finally positioned himself and pushed inside the Slytherin, Ron kissed Draco's lips savagely and wrapped his other hand around him. It last not nearly as much as he wanted it to. Draco's cries drove him to move faster into Draco's tight channel and to pump his hand faster until Draco came with a stifled groan. Unable and unwilling not to follow, Ron's ejaculation mixed with Draco's on his belly. They laid together and held each other tightly in a sweaty embrace. A while after, Draco had the presence of mind to vanish the drying liquid off them. Ron was all at once the same and a completely different person to him. Draco's heart ached with the finality with which it chose him. He had given up everything for Ron, had nothing to return to, and would do everything to keep this. iIiIiIiI Later that day, Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Draco cast a silencing charm and huddled in Hermione's room. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione. When they nodded, he turned to Draco and said, "What do you know about Horcruxes?" Fin I hope you enjoyed this as much as I enjoyed writing it for you. Let me know what you thought in your reviews! Looking forward to it!