urge to retch. She looked at herself in the mirror. Hair down and wild, skin too white, eyes huge. She told herself to get it together, and pushed the feelings down with a deep breath. She got out the last of her cocaine and snorted it off the vanity, gulping at the familiar burn and rush. She looked at her reflection again, slapped her cheeks to force some colour back into them, and flushed the toilet and washed her hands, making sure she wiped her nose. When Lily got back outside she was feeling better, and resolutely set out to find her mother and tell her she had to head out for her appointment, although that was still plenty of time away. The redhead refused to stay at any family function if he was present, even Christmas. Instead she bumped into her brother Albus. "Lily," he said, not quite smiling, and he looked at her with the exact same scrutinizing stare their father had upon her arrival. "Does Mom know you're high?" he asked quietly. The redhead frowned. "You gonna tell her?" She put her sunglasses on. "Either way, if you do talk to her, mention I split." "How much longer is this going to go on like this?" Albus asked even as she was turning away. Lily snorted, glancing back and half smiling. "Hopefully not much longer, right?" she said darkly, and walked back into the house and through and out the front door. She pulled out a smoke and lit up as she walked, trying to tell herself she wasn't going to cry. By the time she got back to her apartment, having called Taz once she was far enough away to pick her up, Lily wanted nothing more than to crawl into bed, curl up in a tiny ball and cry herself into a sleep she would, hopefully, not have to wake from. Instead she got ready for Tiny coming over that night and sweet talked another line out of Taz just before the massive black man arrived. When he did arrive she smiled at him, feeling euphorically numb after more than a few swigs of tequila while she got ready. "Hello Daddy," she said from where she sat at the end of the bed, and leaned back on her hands as he shut the door. "When I want you to talk, bitch, I'll fucking tell you," he said menacingly. Lily barely refrained from shrugging as he undressed, and let her brain disengage as instinct took over. Tiny left two hours later, well satisfied, and Lily, distinctly sore and unfulfilled, was a couple hundred bucks richer. The redhead was smoking, sitting on the edge of the bed when Taz came in. "What?" she asked, not looking up from her blank stare at the ashtray on the night stand. "You know what," he said, and then slapped her cheek lightly. She held up the two hundred dollars she'd been paid and Taz took it. "Snap out of it, Lily. Get your shit together." She took one last long drag of her cigarette and outed it, exhaling a cancer-laced cloud as she looked up at him. "If you wanna fuck, I want another line." Taz grinned. "Yeah right, you think I want those sloppies? I got my afternoon delight. Call up the cracker, bitch. Tell him you're in. I got a good investment opportunity coming up." Lily barely resisted frowning, because that was her money. Not that she ever went without, but still. "Sure." He turned away and she swung her legs up into bed and laid back. "When I get my fucking line, I'll call the fucking president if you want me to, Taz." He came back in two quick steps, one hand around her throat, and lowered his face to hers. "When you make the fucking call I'll consider it. You wanna back chat me, you nasty fucking whore, I'll make sure this fucking face ain't gonna look nice on camera. Got it?" Lily swallowed, temper burning, but nodded. Taz released her, slapping her lightly again. "Make the fucking phone call." Lily waited until he left her, dug the little card out, and looked at it properly for the first time. It was simple, really. His name, Scorpius Malfoy, stood out in bold, masculine lettering, and in a flowy font beneath, smaller, a single word. Filmmaker. There was a phone number and email address. The redhead pulled out her cell and dialed the unfamiliar number. He picked up on the second ring, with an expectant, "Malfoy." Lily panicked for a second, unsure what to say, then cleared her throat and said lightly, "I wanna be in your movie, Hollywood. Do I gotta sign some kind of waiver or some shit, or what?" "If you're actually serious, meet me at the Brookside Cafe on Regency Street at eight tomorrow morning, and don't bring that piece of shit pimp. And try to be sober." He hung up on her and Lily's mouth dropped open. How dare he! How fucking dare fucking he!? She went back out to the living room and told Taz what he'd said. Minus the piece of shit pimp part, because she didn't think he was her pimp and she definitely wasn't going to piss him off over it. Lily also refrained from mentioning the request for sobriety. There was no way she'd be coherent at that time of day without sniffing. "So make sure you set your fucking alarm," he said, and passed her his blunt even as there was a knock at the door. Her mouth tightened when he went to get it, and she slipped out of the living room when she saw his buddies come in. Lily knew from experience it was best to make herself scarce, locking her bedroom door. She might like Taz, for the most part, but she didn't like his friends, or the way they acted like she was a side perk of being friends with Taz. XXX