by a majority vote in a scheduled hearing. You can't—" "Law 58004 was declared uncontestable, Ms. Granger, at a hearing held Saturday evening," he pressed on, ignoring her interruption. "Most unfortunately your case had not yet been received by the Wizengamot at the time, so the proceedings were not affected and your case has been dismissed." "Bollocks!" She snarled ferociously, raising her head to direct her withering glower at him. "You know bloody well that they scheduled that hearing just to avoid having to deal with my complaint." He swallowed, resolute. Yes, he knew and she knew that was exactly what had happened but, at this point, his hands were tied and he just wanted to be done with as little fuss as possible. "I doubt any of that would hold up in court, so unless you'd care to challenge the hearing's legality, the ruling still stands." He paused, and when she said nothing, went on. "Now, as I'm sure you know, Ms. Granger, the new status of Law 58004 means that complaint cases can no longer be brought against it and only criminal or civil suits will be heard by the Wizengamot." "Oh, I know, Minister," she snapped irritably. "I know damn well the proceedings of this farce of a government. In fact, I'd bet quite a lot of money that I know the Ministry's legal regulations far better than you and that entire pack of imbeciles combined, which may explain why the Ministry does such a pathetic job at following them, with all due respect Minister." "Ms. Granger," he took a calming breath, trying to control his temper. "I must tell you that the Wizengamot also held a second case hearing about how you, given your – ah, your special circumstances – how you will be required to comply with the law and they reached a verdict on your case. They—" "What type of immoral, unscrupulous, cowardly court votes on a case without even informing the defendant? And what Ministry and Minister, Mr. Clafton, allows such blatant corruption from the country's supposed justice system?" Hermione Granger spat, teeth bared. He inhaled deeply, trying to ignore the throbbing vein on his forehead, and continued on in a tone of repressed frustration. "The verdict of the Wizengamot," he said, concentrating intently on the notes before him. "Allowed you seventy-two hours from the decision to comply with articles one through four of the marriage law, since you are so far past the set deadline. You're familiar with the other requirements so I won't waste your time going over them, but I have the specifics of your situation to give you in a moment. But for now, let's see, you have a meeting tomorrow morning at eight thirty to go over all the paperwork in the Department of Marriage and Family Stability room four hundred and twelve and—what else?—ah, the bonding ceremony is tomorrow evening at nine o'clock in the same place. You have until eleven Tuesday evening which, from right now, gives you," he checked his watch, "thirty-five hours and, uh, twenty-four minutes remaining." Looking up from his notes at last, he paused, taken aback as he caught sight of Hermione Granger's face: her livid expression had faded, transforming into one of unfiltered horror and fear; tears welled in her eyes, and her lower lip trembled. Her cheeks had drained of color until she was an ashen, ghostly white, her posture had collapsed, her hair had wilted, and her clothes suddenly seemed to wrinkle, revealing the toll the last two years had taken. Her next words came out in a shaky crestfallen whisper—the likes of which he never imagined could emanate from Hermione Granger. "W – who?" "I have your letter here," he started to say, sliding the envelope towards her, hoping beyond hope that he wouldn't have to— " Who?" Hermione Granger demanded again, stronger this time despite the hitch in her voice. But alas. "Y – you h – have known me for over two years and have met with me at l – least once a week for all of that. It was you w – who signed this disgrace into law and, and I – I won't let you to h – hide from it now! You b – better bloody well look me in the eyes and tell me e – exactly how you're destroying my life!" And Michael knew that she was right. He had to, he owed that much to her at the very least. "You have been matched with Draco Lucius Malfoy." He said flatly and winced at how cold the words sounded, hating himself for it as he said it. Hermione Granger froze, a small whimper involuntarily escaping her lips: panic setting in further, her eyes glazing over as her world crumbled to pieces and she was left powerless to do anything. Minutes passed as they sat in silence, a heavy weight settling on both their shoulders as she struggled to regain herself. "And if I don't?" She asked at last, quiet and resigned. "Azkaban," he murmured regretfully. "I'm sorry." She nodded and sat for another minute before she rose and gathered her bag, swiping at the tears in her eyes and waving off his sympathies. "I don't suppose the Wizengamot has finally taken my suggestion to heart and suddenly gotten rid of the Dementors?" "No, I don't believe they have." He said with a small, wry smile, rising to shake her hand. "I wish you well, Ms. Granger, and I trust this won't be the last I see of you." "No, most certainly not." With one firm shake, Hermione Granger released his hand and departed. The door closed after her and he was left with a deep feeling of relief and a lingering sense of pity. Letting out a heavy sigh he loosened his collar, poured himself a glass of Ogden's Best, and, raising it to his lips, took a swig. Merlin, after two years of this hell, he needed it.