was hidden from sight, only revealing an empty old boathouse and dock on one side of the little beach area. She sat at the edge of the dock, sandals beside her and feet dangling over the water, occasionally brushing her toes in. The sun had just set and the odd twilight was rapidly darkening to night. Just as she was debating going back up to the house, there were footsteps on the dock behind her. She didn't have to look round to know who it was. She could smell him. The perfect amount of cologne and the tiniest hint of weed, it had to be Scorpius. When she did turn round, he had the blunt behind one ear, and she gulped, because he had a bottle of Ogden's finest in the other hand. "What's with the face?" he asked, coming to sit down beside her. He'd come the night before, sought her out for a smoke and a chat, and the night before that as well. She was starting to wonder what his intentions were, and was torn between hoping he might actually like her in a more than platonic sort of way and fearing he was trying to get dirt on her to share to Albus for blackmail. "You're going to turn me into a stoner," she accused teasingly. He smirked. "It's the summer. It doesn't count." She smiled as he passed the blunt to her for first hit and lit it for her. She puffed, sucked the smoke in, and huffed it out, then passed it over. After a few hits she was feeling it and smirked over at the tall blond in the gathering dusk, then laid back and looked up at the few stars pressing their light into view already. "Is that so," she murmured at last, and accepted the smoke when he passed it. "Does anything count in the summer?" she asked. The blond glanced at her, arching a brow. "What does that even mean?" She shrugged, then laughed and sat up again. "I dunno. What's with the bottle?" she asked in a blatant subject change, pointing to the liquor. "I'm going home in a few days. Do you want to have a drink with me?" The redhead frowned a little. "I shouldn't. If I get caught drinking, my parents will flip." Scorpius grinned. "You won't get caught, Lily." She doubted that but shrugged. "I guess," she said. He took a hit and passed her the blunt, unscrewing the cap and taking a drink, then swallowed and puffed out his smoke. "Your turn." He held out the bottle of whiskey and she wanted to gag at the smell of it. "Come on, Little Potter, you're a big girl, right?" he teased. She slanted him a glare, took a big toke, grabbed the bottle, took a sip, tried not to gag on it as she swallowed, and blew out her lungful of smoke. "Sure am," she answered, took another puff and handed it back. When he offered it again, she waved him down. "I'm good." Scorpius shrugged, finished it, then flicked the butt into the water and took another drink. "I suppose there's a few things that count in the summer," Scorpius said after a moment. "Yeah?" Lily murmured, accepting another drink when he offered it. "Like what?" "Getting your homework done," he said. She smirked a little at that. "Seeing your friends," he continued, and she nodded. That one seemed reasonable. "And kissing girls you're not supposed to." Lily frowned at that. "What does that even mean?" she asked pointedly. Scorpius grinned. "I dunno. Probably nothing." Lily shook her head. "You're weird. Whatever." After a bit, Lily asked, "So where's Al?" Scorpius drank some more, offered some to Lily, who was about to decline but shrugged and had one last mouthful that burned all the way down. "Around." They sat for a bit longer, then Lily shivered for a third time in a row and said she was going in. The blond walked up to the house with her, and just before they got to the lighted side yard, Scorpius paused. The redhead paused with him. "Fuck, I can't help it," he muttered, and then bent and kissed her again. But unlike the last time, the kiss was hard, and determined, and she found herself submitting as his tongue pushed into her mouth. Lily had no idea how long they stood there, wrapped up in shadows and one another, snogging furiously, his tongue tracing every hot corner of her mouth, the hand not clutching his bottle of whiskey roving around her waist, and up her back, then down and back around to her hip until he finally broke away. She was panting, nipples hard, thoughts whirling with the couple shots and smoke, and blinked as Scorpius looked down at her. It was properly dark now, and she was glad, because she was pretty positive her face was bright red and Lily had no idea what she was supposed to say or do now. It wasn't every day her brother's best friend just snogged her senseless for no reason. "What was that for?" she finally whispered, when he made no move to either kiss her again or go out into the lighted yard. Scorpius ran a hand through his hair. "I dunno. Nothing, I guess." He glanced over at her, then smirked. "Put some pants on, Little Potter," he rumbled, tugging playfully on a lock of her dark red hair, and moved back up toward the house, probably to find Albus. Lily went up to her room, lips still tingling, unable to think of anything other than that kiss. It was electric, and mind-numbing, and Lily wondered, with growing smugness and confidence, if that meant Scorpius liked her. More than just platonically and despite her being Al's little sister. And then she realized her birthday cake wish had at least partly come true and grinned, putting her pillow over her face to muffle the giggles. XXX