She said as calmly as she could. "Step aside, nothing is ever truly locked." She quickly sidestepped, and he focused on the door. "Well that's funny." He said before stepping away. She braved a look at him and saw puzzlement in his eyes. "What could they have used?" "Who?" "Our friends. For Merlin knows why they have us locked in here, with some clever spell that I don't recognize. Now who would know how to outspell me." He said the last part to himself. "Any thoughts Granger." She shook her head and then found her voice. "I have no idea." "Did it pain you to admit that?" He asked her. "Leave me alone." She said softly. "I'm just saying that a know-it-all like you," She cut him off before he could continue. "You don't know me Malfoy. So be quiet. Leave me alone!" Her voice grew louder with each word. She then walked to the other side of the room and sat against the wall. She pulled her legs against her and tried to burrow into her coat. "I seem to have struck a nerve. You're not acting like yourself, and I'd apologize but then I'd not be acting like myself." She bit her tongue so that she wouldn't say something that she'd later regret. She could only hope that this was a nightmare and that she'd be rescued soon. "Cat got your tongue?" "If you don't leave me alone I will gladly revisit the events that happened in third year." He laughed at that. "I seem to have upset you." She just looked at him incredulously. "We haven't spoken in 10 years, I don't see any reason to start now." "I became a cursebreaker." "Malfoy." She started to say. "Shhh. I have a story I'd like to tell you. That's not what I wanted to do with my life, I wanted to be a healer, but it was something I had to do. Personal reasons mind you. But along the way I lost my motivation and just got stuck in the humdrum of it. I traveled all over the world, searching for the cures to different curses. But never the right ones if you know what I mean. See I had a curse put upon me, but no one would help me so I had to help myself. And it took me some time but I found the cure. But when I came back home to celebrate nothing was the same, so I left again. And like I said, after that I focused on everything but what really mattered to me. Tell me you understand." His eyes pierced into hers. "You're speaking in riddles." She said breaking his gaze. "Damn it Hermione, we were good together during the war, weren't we?" He asked referring to their time as partners. He was a spy and she was his liaison to the order. She just nodded. "I never dreamed that you would fall for me. Why would you? I was a mess then, still am according to Pansy. My father sabotaged me with a blood curse as he died, as I killed him. Whomever I loved I would end up killing. So I had to cut off my ties with everyone especially you. Pansy says you have never forgotten that day, tell me that's true. Please tell me you have moved on." "I can't." "Oh merlin, I am an absolute arse." His words were barely above a whisper. "I don't even remember what I said, I just remember watching the light fade from your eyes. I broke my curse some time ago but when I came back, you had become so successful and were dating Flint at the time. You looked happy, so I thought you had moved on, so I left to travel again." "You always were a coward. You should have come and spoken to me, at the very least apologized." "I didn't want to hurt you anymore than I had. I'm so sorry Hermione. Tell me how do we move forward from this?" "Well I, I'm not sure." "Tell me what you're thinking please?" "I don't know how to trust you anymore." At those words he sank to his knees in front of her. "I'll go first then. I'm sorry for what I said, I can see now that while I didn't physically kill you, I may have killed you mentally. And that's the last thing that I wanted. All I've wanted is for you to be happy because I love you. Merlin I still love you so much. I've spent the last ten years apart from you but that hasn't changed my feelings. Oh Merlin, I sound like an absolute nutter." "If you're a nutter then so am I. I tried to date, I tried to forget but you have always been stuck in my mind. You should have talked to me, I would have helped you." "I didn't want to burden you, and I had nothing to offer you in return." "You arse. I just wanted you. If I had you, that would be the only thing I'd ever need." "Really?" He asked. "Yes. Nothing can compare to you. I love you. I loved you." "Oh." He said in a sad tone at her use of the past tense. "But if you're going to stick around, I'd like the chance to fall in love with you all over again. We don't know each other anymore, but I'd like to." "You do realize that we're probably going to fight, and get on each others nerves right?" "Yeah." She said smiling. "It'll be a wild ride." He said grinning. A/N: It's been a while since I posted, but my muse called to me. This fic is roughly based off "If I Had You" by Adam Lambert. I listened to the song on repeat for 5 or 6 hours while writing this. Oh the life of a writer. I hope someone out there appreciates this. Reviews are always welcome.