snake said surprised. " Yes, but the magical blocks the old fool put on her haven't even been taken off yet. Perhaps some of her magic is forcefully breaking through the blocks due to her fragile mental state ," Tom mused. " You're really pretty, and poisonous. I've read about your kind, you're a python cross king cobra, aren't you? The size of the python plus the poison of the cobra ," Rose said as she gently touched the snake's scales without any kind of fear whatsoever, Tom was taken back as even some of his most loyal death eaters were even scared of Nagini but the child in front of him seemed to calm down more around the snake. " Ooh, Tom I like her. I assume you're going to be teaching her everything, yes? If not I'll teach her anyways ," Nagini slithered over to Rose and flicked her forked tongue against her cheek causing Rose to giggle slightly. " Teach me what? ," Rose asked. " Magic of course, silly hatchling, " Nagini replied. "Magic? C-Can I use it to hurt people? " Rose asked rather shyly. " Of course you can child, we'll teach you so that you'll never have to be hurt again. You'll be powerful enough to hurt whoever angers you and whoever wrongs you ," Tom said and Rose looked thoughtful. "Who was the lady sleeping next to me when I woke up in the night?" Rose asked back to English. "Ah so you remember waking up in the middle of the night?" Rose nodded her head before adding "I don't remember much though." "Her name is Bellatrix Black; she is your soul mate. You weren't introduced to her last night but we couldn't keep her away from you as her soul was screaming at her to try and comfort you," Tom replied. "Oh, she was nice and warm. But... I didn't know who she was. I was so scared that it was Aunt Marge. She sometimes had me sleep in bed with her and made me do things..." Rose trailed off looking down. "Say no more child, there will be a reckoning, those muggles will pay for what they've done to you. And if you wish, you may be the one who punishes them yourself," Tom said. "Where do I start?" Albus too many names Dumbledore was pacing around in his Hogwarts office. He has just changed all of the information regarding Rosalie's parents to what he desired in order to avoid the prophecy that was made about her. Lily and James Potter were dead, Severus was a faithful member of his light and a valuable death eater spy, should the Dark Lord ever return. And Rosalie Potter would prove to be quite the malleable weapon that he wanted, he knew the Dursley's were abusing her, he was paying them more to do so, even that fat oaf Marge. But he needed to look like a hero to her so that she would be more receptive of his suggestions. "Ah Severus, good timing. What of your report on the girl?" Albus asked. "She's being treated perfectly fine, those muggles are spoiling her as you said," Severus replied as he walked in. Albus had been forced to send someone at least twice a year to check up on the girl as per Ministry Orders. He always gave the Dursley's a two week notice in advance so that they can change their attitude in time for the person investigating to visit. He was at first skeptical of sending Severus but after eight years of faithful service he was able to trust his Potions master. "Ah good, I believe growing up with Muggles will benefit the girl and the greater good. Too much attention could get to her head, she is hailed as the girl who lived, that is the official story," Dumbledore said sternly, only those in his Order of the Phoenix knew what had really happened, luckily he was able to get Remus Lupin to give up the location of the Potters all those years ago, Remus was a werewolf and owed Dumbledore a lot for being allowed to go to Hogwarts and Dumbledore was able to cash in on that favor when Remus was made the secret keeper. With Lupin's betrayal of the Potters, he was able to create a story about Voldemort being destroyed by the girl when he tried to curse her after he created a fake prophecy to hide the real one. Therefore, when he went to the Potters and attacked them, and being Voldemort's most faithful supporters would mean that he would respond personally making it easier for him to kill Voldemort using the child. It had worked like a charm as his killing curse had rebounded as designed to and hit Voldemort, thus making it so the fake prophecy was in place. "Yes it would seem that way, but might I suggest I take her some books about our world to somewhat educate her for when she joins us when she is eleven," Severus suggested. "No, she need not know that yet. Perhaps in a few years, she will be ready to take in the information given to her," Albus dismissed. "Headmaster, if she is anything like her mother like she was during school. She will be very studious and able to comprehend all the information," Severus said monotonously. "Yes, and she would turn the Weasley's and Longbottom's against us like Lily did with James Potter. She was quite the Slytherin, which is why I've changed all of her information to say that she was in Gryffindor with James so that we can spin the story, she must be kept away from all of the Dark families," Albus sighed. "Very well, I'll be seeing you later Headmaster. I have to finish off my lecture plans for the coming semester," Severus said as he left the room. "Soon, Miss Potter. You'll be all mine," Albus mused to himself.