Malfoy had remained stubbornly quiet. In desperation, Harry spoke kindly to Malfoy, knowing that was probably the least likely thing to work. He was dumbfounded when, a moment later, Malfoy's thin shoulders started to gently shudder. Though they were soft, Harry could even hear sobs coming from the blonde man. Harry fully appreciated that this was the first time Malfoy had ever willingly been vulnerable around him. He'd witnessed Malfoy crying once before, and that had not ended well for either of them. As a result, Harry didn't want to do something that would bollocks up the moment. He wanted to put Malfoy at ease, not incite him into a vicious rage or slice his chest open. After the sobs showed no sign of stopping, Harry made his choice. Carefully, he slid his left hand, which had been stroking Malfoy's back, to Malfoy's left shoulder. He started coaxing Malfoy towards him until Malfoy's head ended up in his lap. Harry kept his left hand on Malfoy's back, sliding his right into Malfoy's soft white-blonde hair. His former rival was still facing away from him, but Harry could tell that Malfoy's weeping had slowed. He'd also relaxed, if only marginally. Again, there was silence, but then Harry heard a quiet "Potter," so silent it was almost imperceptible. He brushed Malfoy's hair back in a question, bending slightly to bring his face closer to Malfoy's. He waited, until finally Malfoy whispered, "I can't–" Harry understood. "We don't have to talk about it," he whispered back, right above Malfoy's left ear. Malfoy nodded. On impulse, he lifted Malfoy's head and nudged his legs farther under Malfoy's back. Wrapping both of his arms around Malfoy's torso, Harry squeezed Malfoy and buried his face in the other man's shoulder. Harry felt a strong compulsion to nuzzle into the crook between Malfoy's neck and shoulder, but thought he was already pushing his luck enough. Surprisingly, Malfoy reacted a lot better than he'd thought, placing his own hands over where Harry's were joined at his own torso. They were almost having a moment here. There was another long silence where neither seemed to want to move away, but Harry was drawn out of his thoughts by Malfoy calling him again. "Say literally anything, Potter." Even for Malfoy, that was a bit of a strange request. "Why?" Harry asked, confusion knotting his brow. "Because anything hurts less than the quiet," whispered Malfoy. Harry's heart was breaking. Trying to sound upbeat to preserve Malfoy's vulnerability, he asked in a chipper tone, "Maybe tomorrow you'd like to help me with rebuilding some of the dungeons?" He tried hard to sound like he wanted Malfoy's company and not like he merely wanted to ensure Malfoy's safety, admitting to himself both were absolutely true. Malfoy met his eyes for the first time all evening, and nodded. Harry wasn't going to push him anymore tonight. He wouldn't have minded holding Malfoy for longer, but his legs were going numb after being stretched out in front of him for so long. He slowly released his grip, and Malfoy slid his own fingertips up Harry's forearms as he sat up. Malfoy turned to face him again, and Harry could see tear tracks from where the droplets had run off Malfoy's face. Impulsively, he thought about reaching out and wiping Malfoy's face clean. "Can you make it home alright, or do you want me to Apparate with you?" "I'm not made of glass, Potter, I'm sure I can manage a short Apparation without supervision." Malfoy's words lacked the usual sneer and bite, and for once Harry actually felt compelled to read into them. Clearly, Malfoy was frustrated about being vulnerable and not able to defend himself against would-be attackers. "Right, then," Harry said, hoisting himself to his feet despite a brutal case of pins and needles. "Meet in the Great Hall tomorrow?" Malfoy nodded again, and Harry felt that was his cue to leave. "Goodnight," he said, striding back towards the castle. "Potter," came from behind him. Harry turned half around to see Malfoy carding his hand through his hair again, looking wearier than ever. "Thank you. Again." "No problem. See you tomorrow," said Harry, appreciating the gesture. "Goodnight," said Malfoy softly, and his bottom lip jutted out just a little bit to make him look more innocent than ever. With difficulty, Harry left him. The more unreasonable side of him wanted to storm right back over to Malfoy and insist on Apparating him home. Merlin, what was wrong with him? εїз Ƹ̴Ӂ̴Ʒ εїз Draco regretfully watched Potter stride away, eyes lingering unwillingly on Potter's arse. He wished suddenly that Potter would let him run his hands over it, squeeze it… Draco cut off that fantasy immediately. It was wrong to think of Potter in that way. He was only just getting to be Potter's friend, and already owed him too much. How many times was that now Potter had come across Draco crying? A hell of a lot more times than he'd ever seen Potter cry, that's for sure. Draco had to admit, though, that Potter's lap had been really warm and nice. He loved having his hair petted, and Potter seemed to know exactly where to exert pressure. The hug, though, that was something else. Draco had felt warmth through every part of his body, and could have fallen asleep there if Potter hadn't rudely nudged him off. It was almost like a loving touch… But Draco couldn't afford to delude himself. He and Potter were friends, nothing more. Tomorrow's community service hours would be a lot more tolerable with Potter, and, as an added bonus, a lot safer. With sleep overcoming him, Draco Apparated home. He sought out Mother, who helped him heal the injuries he'd incurred much earlier in the day, and then Draco treated himself to a shower. In bed, he found himself anxiously waiting for tomorrow. And he resolutely told himself that it was not simply because of Potter. Ƹ̴Ӂ̴Ʒ