and made a hand gesture that signaled her to wait. He pulled out his wallet in the front left pocket of his robes and handed her a business card. "What's this?" Hermione said curiously, although she knew exactly what it was. "I just thought it would be nice to meet again." "I'll think about it." She said with a smile as she felt her cheeks turn crimson. "Diagon Alley!" Hermione cried and felt the similar queasy feeling she always got when she traveled via floo. Hermione landed with a pop right in the middle of one of the busiest streets known to wizards, and felt a curious smile tugging at her lips. Draco didn't know what he was feeling. He hated this feeling. What was it called again? Guilt? Malfoys don't get guilty. He stepped into his home, a cold chill went up as the marble tiles and bare white walls had a cooling affect on the already cold weather. "Joel, three bottles of scotch. It better be good." Draco mumbled as he threw his robes across his comforter. "Isabella's Islay, limited edition Dalmore, and the usual Macallan." Joel said gently settling the tray down. Draco glanced at the décor of the bottle of Isabella's Islay and was reminded of the diamond necklace he had given Hermione. It was adorned with a said 8500 diamonds and featured a handsome amount of white gold, along with a generous spread of some 300 rubies encrusted all over the bottle. "Rubies. I should've gotten her red instead of emerald. I knew it. It was that green." he muttered to himself. "Merlin Granger and that blasted Gryffindor pride." He rolled his eyes he looked at his muggle watch… something she had given him as a present. It was so he would stop being late to their meetings. He took his fourth shot of whisky as Joel waited for another order. "I wonder how you're feeling." He reached out to touch the rose as a dry petal fell from it, joining many other dry brown rose petals which were once shades of beautiful deep red. "Blast you!" He cried and threw the entire vase on the ground in a satisfying shatter. He motioned for Joel. "Don't tell Miss Greengrass I'm going to Diagon-" "Draco!" Draco's ears perked up at the sound of her voice, his eyes closing for a brief moment to think of how to react. What are you doing-" his said frowning, suddenly. "Here?" Astoria finished his question with a chuckle, as Draco looked a tad annoyed by the interruption. "Draco, I've been waiting for you to speak to me!" Draco winced at Astoria's high pitched voice which rose an octave with every word she spoke. "Oh." Draco responded stoically finishing a bottle "I thought I heard you say Diagon… which can only mean Diagon Alley, so were you going to go to Diagon Alley?" Draco sighed. "I was." "So you aren't anymore?" Astoria furrowed her eyebrows, apparently disappointed at the change of plans. "Well-" "Let's go! We need to get you out of the house today anyway. You look terrible! Besides I need to get some shopping done. We just need to get out of this place for a bit, you know…" "Why would you want me going out if I look terrible?" Draco said with a scowl Astoria linked her arm energetically with Draco's now limp arm. Her elegant black robes trailed behind her gracefully, reminding him of Hermione and how she had looked so beautiful starting from her almond shaped hazel eyes, her perfect little button nose, and thin lips that were just plump enough for … "Astoria." "Yes?" "What do you think of muggles, or mudbloods-" Draco stopped midway when he remembered he was talking to a fellow pureblood Slytherin, not a Gryffindor, and returned to his pureblood senses. "Is that a rhetorical question?" Astoria looked at him like he had gone bonkers for, how many times that day, she could not recall. "You know what?" Astoria stared blankly at Draco waiting for him to speak. "It is." He finished, noticeably disappointing Astoria. "You've been acting really odd lately… is there something I should be aware of?" Astoria put her hands on her hips, raising a brow. "What are you talking about, darling ?" Draco brought Astoria close to him in an embrace. "I mean suddenly you're questioning where my loyalties lie." Astoria looked Draco straight in the eye, blue eyes meeting grey. "Why don't you get yourself something to drink. You're so tense." He chuckled and stopped almost immediately. "We're not going to Diagon Alley." He said finally which made her almost jump. "Then where are we going?" Astoria said with the same perky voice. "Let me get something clear through your little brain. We're not going anywhere. You're staying here. Do something beneficial for a change." He sneered grabbing his outer robes as he flood to his original destination. Astoria sat in silence as she absorbed all that had happened in the last few seconds. "I need a drink." Hermione took out the business card from her purse and skimmed through the address, using her finger. "Hmm. I've never seen this address before." She mumbled to herself as she tapped on the written address with her forefinger. She decided not to think much of it late at night and tucked it back in her purse, heading for the Three Broom Sticks after muttering a body warming spell. She sat in the furthest corner of the room, shying away from the hustle and bustle of witches, wizards, and Hogwarts students talking about the latest gossip. She heard an obnoxious sigh somewhere near her in the darkness. "Lumos." Hermione muttered. She was able to make out a body but not a face which was quite ridiculous. She pointed her wand out a bit more towards the curious figure, cautiously, the Gryffindor in her getting the better of her. Music: Better Together-Jack Johnson. Please Read and Review:) Love you guys!