to needlessly overwhelm him!" He explained, like talking to a small child, and the witch sighed in defeat. "Yes, of course. You have a point... How is he getting here?" She asked. "Oh, Hagrid is bringing him." He smiled a serene smile. " What?! " She asked incredulously. "You let that..." She took a deep breath to gather herself, before she accidentally insulted the kind half-giant. "Do you think that's appropriate ? Given the circumstances..." "I trust Hagrid with my life." Came the simple reply. "I am not saying that he isn't trustworthy, but Albus, you have to admit he is rather, um, clumsy ." She pointed out, when suddenly a faint rumbling sound was audible in the distance, and it grew steadily louder as they looked up to the sky. A huge motorcycle with an enormous individual on board had soon landed next to them. "Headmaster Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall." He greeted them, and got off the monstrosity that he arrived with, carefully holding a bundle of blankets in his huge, beefy arms. "Hagrid, as glad as I am to see you, just where did you get this motorcycle?" Dumbledore raised an eyebrow. He had never seen this vehicle before, so he was unsure whom it belonged to. "Oh, I borrowed it from Sirius Black." He explained, and looked down at the small boy peacefully sleeping in his arms. His eyes were moist, and he had to blow his nose from the gathering emotions he was feeling. The witch and wizard both leaned forward to look at the slumbering baby ensconced in the fluffy blanket protection. The baby boy had a soft tuft of black hair, and over his forehead they saw a curious lightning bolt shaped scar. "Is that where...?" McGonagall trailed off, her voice trembling. "Indeed." He confirmed. "I am afraid he is going to wear that scar his whole life." "Can't you do something about it?" She asked hopefully, only to be disappointed. "Even if I could, I would not. Scars can be useful. Anyway, we must hurry, before anyone realizes that we are here and suspicions begin to arise." He said, and motioned for Hagrid to hand Harry over to him. "Could I please say goodbye to him first?" The half-giant sniffled, leaning over the tiny baby to place a clumsy kiss on his forehead, only to burst into tears. "Shh!" McGonagall urged him. "Quiet yourself, or we will be found out. I know you will miss him, so will I, but this must be done!" She said, hiding the fact that she saw the Dursley family going away indefinitely . She would take care of these matters later, just as soon as she was able to. "S-s-sorry!" He mumbled tearfully, as he attempted to get a handle on himself, placing Harry in a basket, on the doorstep of the house, and stepping backwards to let Dumbledore place the letter over the snoozing form of the child. "Well, we must be going now! There is no point in staying here any longer." The elderly wizard said firmly, and ushered his companions further from the house. "We might as well join the celebrations in his honour!" He added, as if that would make things easier. "Right..." Hagrid muttered, wiping his tear-streaked face with his sleeves, and got back on the motorcycle once more, looking at the Professors. "Goodnight Headmaster, Professor McGonagall!" He muttered moodily, and took off to the sky. "I suppose I will see you soon, Professor McGonagall." Dumbledore nodded towards the witch, who was still gazing over the child they were supposed to abandon here. "Of course." Minerva replied and popped away, as she knew that she needed to keep up certain pretenses. She made her way towards Gringotts Bank , rather stealthily, as everyone was focused on celebrating the fall of Voldemort. Minerva McGonagall had no intention of leaving Harry Potter to the fate, the great Albus Dumbledore was dooming him to, but she couldn't act while he was around, because he would most definitely stop her, and she was aware that he wouldn't hold back from Obliviating her if he had to. The wizard was a great asset to the Light side of the war, but the Transfiguration Professor knew that he worked in the Grey areas more often than not. Dumbledore was left standing on Privet Drive, once again using his silver contraption to reverse the effects of it. The street was bathed in the dimmed light of the lamp posts once more, as he leaned over the boy and said his own goodbyes. "Good luck Harry Potter! Merlin knows you will need it." He whispered, and turned around on his heel, disappearing into the night. It was not long after that, that a small number of goblin warriors appeared on the street, and took the child into their protective custody, until the Potters' will could be read. No one saw them move, and no one would know about this, until it would be too late to change things. Professor McGonagall was true to the trust and respect her favourite students had in her. She protected Harry Potter, as he deserved to be protected. Now it was up to Fate itself to decide what happened next. A/N: I had this idea about having Professor Flitwick raise Harry, because that would most certainly put an interesting twist on things. I have to say that Harry Crow is one of my inspirations, mostly for the goblin angle, however I won't use any goblin characters of robst 's, I just wanted to acknowledge him for the inspiration. I would also like to say that I did re-word and re-work the Dumbledore-McGonagall scene from Chapter 1 of the first book, because I didn't want to include an excerpt that long from the book, so I used my own imagination. However what seems familiar to you, I do not claim to be my own. Thank you for your time, and I hope you will enjoy reading this!