try to figure out... Why am I prattling on? You don't know what I'm saying. Let's see..." She had very limited ability to speak Italian, relying mostly on quick translation charms that worked on the written word to get around the country and banking on the fact that there were a number of people who could speak English if she were in a bind. "Um, your... Mamma e Papa? Perduto? Dove... is... Mamma e Papa?" She was relatively certain 'dove' meant 'where' and 'perduto' meant 'lost.' The girl did not respond. "Here, put on my jumper," said Hermione. She pointed to the girl then mimed getting dressed. The girl still did not respond. Hermione took a step toward her. She took one step back. Hermione tried again. The girl didn't flinch or run away, but for every small step forward Hermione took, the girl took an equal sized step back, maintaining the exact distance between them. "Aiuto? Assistenza?" asked Hermione, hoping both words meant help. The girl pointed at Hermione. She jutted up her chin, puffed out her chest, and stared Hermione down, making her shiver. "You remind me of... someone," Hermione whispered. "How can I help you?" "Witch," the girl said. Not with judgment, not with surprise, but matter-of-factly. "No!" Hermione tried to chuckle, slipping her wand into her ponytail. "No, that was my flashlight. Uh, torcia... light... flashlight." "Witch," the girl repeated, more insistently this time. "No!" Hermione held up her hands. "No witch!" "Eileen?" called a deep, resonating voice, which echoed off the ancient walls. "Eileen!" Hermione furrowed her brow. Just as she'd felt there was something familiar about the girl, there was something familiar about that voice. "Eileen? Eileen!" A man ducked under the low arch of the doorway, crossing from the path into the mossy-floored structure Hermione was now thinking of as a home, whether it had been or not. He let out a long burst of air and lifted the girl. "You know better than to disappear in the middle of the night! You were supposed to be asleep! I woke up and panicked to find you gone. How many times have I..." The girl was facing Hermione over the man's shoulder. She pointed again, staring, unblinking, and repeated the word. "Witch." "What? Witch?" He swiveled around. "What do you mean, witch?" His eyes widened. Hermione's eyes widened. That voice had indeed been familiar. But no, this was impossible. Staring back at her were the impossibly dark eyes of a man with shoulder-length black hair, pale skin, thin lips, and a hooked-nose. Staring back at her was the face of a ghost. "Miss Granger." There was no intonation to the man's voice. No surprise, no upset, no recognition beyond the stating of her name. "Witch," said the little girl in his arms. She smiled, which slightly decreased the spookiness of her face in this light. "Baba? Witch." "Miss Granger," he repeated, his gaze sweeping intrusively over her body, hovering ever so briefly over her filled out figure and less briefly over the unsightly cut above her eyebrow. The man sneered, glanced at the girl, and quickly returned his expression to one of indifference. "Professor Snape," Hermione whispered, her cinnamon brown eyes wide, her mouth unable to close all the way. "You're alive." "It would appear so." "I thought you were dead." "I worked that out for myself when you expressed surprise over finding me alive, Miss Granger." "But you're not dead." She wiped her forehead with the back of her hand. She was rubbish at healing charms, thus the cut had opened itself up and begun bleeding again. "You survived." Professor Snape opened his mouth to respond, but the approaching voice of a man called to them furiously in Italian, breaking the tension but not in a welcome way. He was rushing toward them, flanked by two other men. Even without speaking the language Hermione was able to discern that he wanted to know what they were doing there and realized they were about to be set upon by Muggle police. Oh, hell. She took a step forward and stumbled – the cut had her dizzy, there was blood in her eye – and the next thing she knew, Severus, still holding the girl, grabbed roughly onto her arm, jerked her toward him, and disapparated. A/N: I know I said it would be awhile before I posted another HGSS fic, but this plot bunny wouldn't leave me alone and after three days of telling myself I wouldn't start posting until the end of August I gave up and decided to share it. Updates for this will be slower than When Sorrows Come - every Monday and Thursday without extra days in between. (This week no Thursday since I'm starting this fic on Wednesday, so look for Chap 2 on Monday). Compared to When Sorrows Come this fic is shorter (less than 75,000 words instead of 300,000) and less multilayered (no original characters who are also main characters, no super crazy subplots) but it still has a bit of mystery, a somewhat slow burning romance, and interspersed lemons. Oh, and as much as I love them together, Severus didn't have any sort of fling with Narcissa in this one even though it's my headcanon preference... but if you like NMSS please check out my fic Wanting Narcissa. Forgive any mistakes or inconsistencies about Rome, please. I was last there four years ago and am working mostly off a combination of memory and the captions I wrote for the photos I took at the time with some basic researching for certain specifics, but nothing too involved. :) Thanks for reading! Reviews always appreciated! -AL PS: Sort of a reverse trigger warning - there's NO sexual assault in this one. That said, there is one mention of the threat of child abuse in addition to OoTP-compliant references to the domestic abuse Snape witnessed as a child. This fic contains mature content and themes and is therefore M-Rated.