crowd. Haven't you tried it yet?" Harry slightly vexed at his ignorance of magical world, "In case you forget, I was raised by muggles. I hardly know these things." Ellen apologized "Well, you will love it. Now tell me what happened in the first year?" Harry resigned himself to the task and recounted about the philosopher's stone and how Voldemort was trying to steal it. Harry was glad to see that they both didn't show any outward sign of discomfort at the utterance of the Dark Lord's name which was usually the staple reaction of majority wizardkind. However Ellen loudly interrupted him. "Voldemort?" she shouted. Almost everybody sitting at neighbouring tables winced and glared at her. She reddened slightly but carried on in a forced calm manner, "Voldemort is alive? And he was in Hogwarts possessing Quirrel?" Seeing the lack of surprise on his brother's face, "You knew, and you didn't tell me?" she demanded. "Don't give me any bullshit about me being young. You could handle much more when you were my age." Sam sighed and nodded. "Dumbledore informed the Auror department about what had happened at the school and the circumstances pertaining to the death of Quirrel. However I knew nothing about the philosopher's stone." She looked at Harry as if figuring out something, "So that's why you are staying with us. Dumbledore suspects Voldemort may try to harm you somewhere else." Harry nodded. "With the escape of Black, Dumbledore deemed it to be prudent for me to stay in Avalon. If you don't mind me asking, why do you care so much for the survival of Voldemort?" Ellen's expression hardened, with her jaw set, she determinedly answered, "I care because Voldemort ordered the death of our father. Father was working tirelessly to root out his supporters from the ministry. He must have been very successful because he sent Dolohov after father." Harry embarrassed," I'm so sorry. I didn't know." "It's okay. You know you weren't the only one who lost their family to that mad man and his ilk. I still get angry that many of his followers escaped the justice. That's why I want to run for my father's seat in the Wizengamot. I want to continue the work that my father did," she declared. Afterward few words were exchanged. Each one was engrossed in their own thoughts. A quick floo later, they returned to the home. (Starr's residence in true wizarding sense was named egg.) Harry wished good night to other two and retired to the guestroom. He quickly changed into the night clothes and got under the covers. His thoughts were now occupied with the plot of the play. The spectacle of the play had worn off by now, dulled by time and food. The plot had posed a great question for Harry, particularly the question of revenge. Oddly enough, Harry had never actively sought revenge against Voldemort and his followers. Sure he had sabotaged Voldemort's efforts to regain power, but it had originated from his desire to save others, not from seeking revenge against Voldemort. Harry felt extremely thankful that he had never obsessed about the revenge. That thought had led Lloyd to his utter destruction. He was transformed into what he hated most. Sure Harry hated living with the Dursleys, his childhood was tough and lonely, and Dudley hadn't made it any friendlier. But he had always hoped for better things and surely with time, they had arrived. He had friends now, friends who cared for him. With such thoughts Harry drifted off to sleeps. That night he dreamt about the familiar flash of green and a high-pitched laugh which was always staple of his nightmares. Miles away from where Harry slept, a large but thin black dog entered an immingled house which looked to be standing only due to magic. Its nose could smell the scent of the wretched person, he had come chasing. Sirius Black knew that Wormtail wouldn't be here or any Weasley. They all were in Egypt spending time with their eldest son. Sirius followed the scent to the topmost level of the Burrow and found himself in the most orange room he had ever been in. Sirius barked a laugh, may be his first in twelve years, remembering the time when he and James had argued over which was the worst team in the quidditch league. James had actually like Chudley Cannon and refused to agree. Sirius shook his head trying to get rid of thoughts about James, too much pain lingered there, and turned toward looking for the signs of Peter. Sirius knew Weasleys were not at the Burrow from the paper that Fudge had left him in the Azkaban. He couldn't believe that the magicals had chosen such an incompetent minister of magic. Cornelius Fudge, whose career had risen after he had arrested Sirius as a hit wizard, had always taken an enormous interest in Sirius's case. Sirius had tried to petition for trail many times but Fudge had always managed to quash it, no doubt aided by Crouch. Getting angry at injustice, Sirius turned his mind to the thoughts of Harry whom he had seen after escaping from Azkaban. Harry looked so much similar to James at his age that for a moment Sirius thought he had travelled back in time. Then his emerald green eyes shone which were identical to Lily's and Sirius realized that he was seeing his godson for the first time in twelve years. It was all he could do to not hug him then and there and explain to him all about the switching of secret keeper. But Sirius decided to first catch his proof before convincing Harry of his innocence. As he lay on the bed, Sirius decided to stay in burrow to gain some health, his twelve years' imprisonment at Azkaban had weakened him greatly. Besides, the ministry would be searching for him. Burrow was as safe as it could get at least until the Weasleys returned.