on her plate was gone yet her stomach still let out a loud rumble. 'That would be the Nutrient potion making sure as much food as possible is absorbed as quickly as possible.' Rose looked mortified and seemed to be trying to hide under the table but my mom just smiled and set another plate in front of her. "Don't be shy. I do love it when I see people appreciate my food." She sent an encouraging smile Rose's way until she began to nibble at her new plate of food. The rest of the dinner progressed without a hitch and Rose seemed like she was going to try to wash the dishes before they floated off the table and started cleaning themselves in the sink. My mom gave me a look and I cleared my throat. "Ah, Rose would you like to stay for the night?" A myriad of expressions crossed her face at my offer before settling on a dash of hopeful and wary. "I don't want to intrude at all and I only have this for clothing," she paused and then amended, "Well besides the robes." My mom spoke up at that. "You wouldn't be intruding at all. We have plenty of spare bedrooms and I'm sure we could find an old set of Nymphadora's clothes for you to change into if you really want to stay." We all ignored Dora's grumbles at being called her name. "If you're sure that I won't be a bother." "Quite sure, but if you're uncomfortable about it then we can call up the Knight bus and it'll take you home." She went a little green at the mention of the bus and shook her head. "I'd like to stay." "Great. Do you want to go flying?" I butted into the conversation and was rewarded by seeing Rose's eyes light up at the prospect of flying. "You can do that?" I nod and motion her to follow me. She did so and my dad calls out as we leave the room. "Make sure to stay inside the clearing." "Alright." I call back as I open the broom closet and pull out two Cleansweep fives. A good solid broom capable of up to 40mph or 64kph as our superior system would say. 'Ugh, they've infected me with their way of thinking. Next thing you know I'll be saying 'Tally Ho!' before downing my tea and riding into battle.' Shaking off the strange thought I hand one of the brooms to Rose and we made or way outside to the large clearing behind the house. "Right. First things first." I put the broom down and then leapt forwards to do a belly flop onto the ground. It felt like jumping onto a soft bed and I let out a laugh when I turned around to see Rose's incredulous expression. "There's Cushioning charms layered all over the clearing. As long as you stay inside the clearing falling off your broom won't hurt a bit. Try it out first." She hesitantly did so and then gasped at the feel of it. "It's so soft." "Yep." I stood up and retrieved both of the brooms. "Now look at my grip on the actual broom." I mounted the broom and lightly kicked off the ground to float there. She did so as well and the sheer delight at floating was heartwarming to see. There was a hoot from above us and I looked up to see Hedwig flying in circles above us. Rose apparently saw her as well because she shot off like a rocket after her whooping the entire time. I watched as she took to the sky with the ease of a bird of prey. Swooping down next to the ground and pulling up at the last second then soaring high once more. Indeed both Hedwig and Rose seemed to dance together to an unheard tune that took them all over the clearing. I didn't even try to intervene as I watched, mesmerized at the sight. All things end though and coming out of one last dive Rose flew up into the sky to hang there as Hedwig took the opportunity to perch on her shoulder then nuzzle her. I flew up next to her to see her flush with exertion and twin tear tracks running down her face as she gazed over the tree tops. "Are you alright?" My voice seemed to startle her and she hastily wiped the tears away. "Today just feels like a dream to me and I don't want to wake up." I remained quiet at that and let her continue. "Why are you guys so nice to me anyways? I'm no one special." "That's not true at all. You're Rose Potter." She looked at me sharply and I continued onwards. "There is only one Rose Potter on this planet just as there is only one Eros Tonks on this planet. One person out of billions may seem like you're insignificant but there's only one you and no one else like you on this Earth." I flashed her a grin. "I wasn't let out of the house much for safety reasons, but today I found my first friend and if you can't treat your friends right then what sort of person are you?" She was silent at my declaration and Hedwig took the opportunity to launch herself from her perch and into the darkening night sky. "We can still call the Knights bus if you want to leave. It runs 24/7." She shook her head and leisurely floated down to the ground as I followed her. She didn't say anything as we walked back to the house and put away the brooms but as I was showing her the guest bedroom she stopped me when I made to leave and I heard her whisper, "Thank you," before she closed the door. It put a smile on my face for the rest of the night and I went to bed happy.