turned away quickly, hoping he hadn't seen me looking. He probably knew that I was going to be there. Of course it wouldn't stop him. He didn't seem to care at all about what happened between us. I needed to get my mind off of him. "Hey Hermione, what's on the schedule?" I asked, starting a conversation. We talked until the game began. I found it terribly hard to concentrate with him sitting behind. We hadn't talked in two years, and things weren't getting any better. I thought many times about talking to him, but decided to not to. If he wanted to talk, he would. Besides, he was the one that stopped talking to me, not the other way around. Close to the end of the game, I left the box to get some fresh air. I sat down on the ground, and put my head in my hands. Hermione came out. "You okay?" She asked sitting down next to me. "Do I look okay?" I retorted. "Sorry. Listen just because Malfoy is here, doesn't mean you can't enjoy yourself." "Yeah, it's kind of hard to not talk to your best friend." I sighed. "He hasn't talked to you in two years!" "Still.." "Drop it. If he cared about you, he'd still be talking to you. Besides, you can't call him your best friend. I am your best friend." "True.." "Come on, let's go back, the game is nearly over. You can't miss the end." Hermione grabbed my arms, and picked me up. She continued to drag me back into the box. "Alright! No need to pull!" I complained with a small smile. We sat back down, and finished watching the game. I actually enjoyed myself, the game was so entertaining, I completely forgot that he was still in the box. For the second time, Lynch, the Ireland seeker, and Krum, the Bulgarian seeker, took a dive. "He's going to crash!" Harry shouted. And sure enough, Lynch slammed into the ground for a second time. Krum, pulled up barely missing the ground. "Who's got it?" I heard one of the Weasleys say. "It was Krum!" I shouted to them. He was waving his hand in the air, smiling, his white teeth reflecting the light of the stadium. The scoreboard was flashing BULGARIA: 160, IRELAND: 170 across the crowd, who didn't seem to have realized what had happened. Then, slowly, as though a great jumbo jet were revving up, the rumbling from the Ireland supporters grew louder and louder and erupted into screams of delight. "IRELAND WINS!" Bagman, the commentary person, shouted. He also seemed to be taken aback form the sudden end of the match. "KRUM GETS THE SNITCH – BUT IRELAND WINS – good lord, I don't think anyone of us were expecting that." "Why'd he do that?" Ron asked outraged. "Probably because he knew that Irish chasers were too good, they would never catch up." I said with a shrug. "He wanted to end things on his own terms." "He was very brave wasn't he?" Hermione said leaning over the railing. I looked over, and sure enough Krum landed as a swarm of mediwizards blasted a path through the battling leprechauns and vela to get to him. "He looks a terrible mess…" "Vell, ve fought bravely," said a gloomy voice behind us. I looked around; it was the Bulgarian Minister of Magic. "You can speak English!" said fudge, sounding outraged. "And you've been letting me mime everything all day!" "Vell, it vos very funny," said the Bulgarian minister, shrugging. The Irish players took a lap of honor, much to the crowds delight. Suddenly our eyes were dazzled by a blinding light, as the Top Box was magically illuminated so that everyone in the stands could see the inside. Squinting toward the entrance, I saw two panting wizards carrying a vast golden cup into the box, which they handed to Cornelius Fudge, who was still looking very disgruntled that he'd been using sign language all day for nothing. "Let's have a really loud hand for the gallant losers – Bulgaria!" Bagman shouted. And up the stairs into the box came the seven defeat Bulgarian players. The crowd below was applauding appreciatively; I could see thousands and thousands of Omniocular lenses flashing and winking in our direction. One by one, the Bulgarian filed between the rows of seats in the box, and Bagman called out the name of each as they shook hands with their own minister and then with Fudge. Krum, who was last in line, looked a real mess. He had two black eyes, and blood drying on his face. He just happened to still be holding the Snitch. Now that I was looking at him, he seemed much less coordinated on the ground. He was slightly duck-footed and distinctly round-shouldered. Buy when Krum's name was announced, the whole stadium gave him a resounding, earsplitting roar. And then came the Irish team. Adian Lynch was being supported by Moran and Connolly; the second crash seemed to have dazed him and his eyes looked strangely unfocused. But he grinned happily as Troy and Quigley lifted the Cup into the air and the crowd below thundered its approval. Finally the teams left the box, and Bagman reversed the spell that made his voice loud. "They'll be talking about this one for years," he said hoarsely, "a really unexpected twist, that… shame it couldn't have lasted longer… ah yes… yes, I owe you… how much?" He said to Fred and George. Before the game had started, they had made a bet, and Fred and George had betted that Krum would catch the Snitch, but Ireland would win. They scrambled over the backs of their seats and were standing in front of Ludo Bagman with broad grins on their faces, their hands outstretched. "Boys…" I sighed shaking my head. Alright that's the first chapter. Please leave me reviews! I do enjoy reading them! Especially if it'll help me improve my writing.