esteemed commerce of fencing Dudley's belongings. It was not very lucrative, what with the slow and precise pace she had to work at to ensure Dudley didn't cotton on, and perhaps the even tougher task of finding appropriate buyers in a primary school setting. She didn't know how many times she had told Susie that she wouldn't take cookies as payment for the recent release of Super Mario Bros – as it was a particularly high risk steal, having only been in Dudley's possession circa eight months. For some reason the teachers in the school system frowned upon her selling 'her' belongings and said that if it continued they would have to notify her parents, as it created interesting predicaments that the teachers didn't want to deal with. Namely Susie regretting her choice of forgoing the money for her canteen order for a figurine of GI Joe. When Poppy refused to renege on the purchase, Susie had ran crying to the teachers because she needed to feed her chubby face with pie. Poppy had been told that she had to return the money to Susie and once Susie brought her pie and the teachers had dispersed – crocodile tears still leaking from her eyes – Poppy had shoved Susie's face in her pie and told her that if she were to ever tattle again she would get a taste of toilet water next. For Poppy it had been a very valuable lesson; just as Mrs Figg had many different types and colours of cats all with horribly picky eating habits, there were many different types of people, all motivated by different things. Looking back on her actions – and not in the way the teachers had expected her to – she realised that she had believed Susie to have a small measure of intelligence and thus a fear of retribution. Poppy came to understand that someone like Susie would not be motivated by bullying or threats, not when she had unfailing belief in the power of teachers. To beat a nemesis like Susie, Poppy had to tackle the problem in a different way. Despite these life lessons and the intention to find an alternative way to motivate the conundrum called Susie, it had become progressively harder to fence objects when she had to be increasingly sly about it and only proposition students who wouldn't blab to the teachers. The pool of opportunity slimmed and Poppy found herself thinking of other commerce ventures. As Poppy grew she came to understand something very important about herself. Her teachers often spoke of talents and attempted to nurture talents in the altogether talentless pool of children that surrounded her every day. Sure Gregory could run fast in the relay, but what was the point of swiftness if he didn't use the talent for anything other than impressing teachers in school – the laughable parody of the real world, supposedly set up to assist children to learn the life skills to succeed in the much less supportive reality. Poppy found an unexpected talent – unusual in that it did not seem to fit in with the usual talents that the teachers talked about at school; in fact, when Poppy had tried to tell the class during show and tell about her talents, the teacher had gotten cross and said that show and tell was for events that had actually occurred and that she could keep her flair for story telling for their end of year creative piece. Poppy had come to school prepared with a piece of crumpled butcher paper with a diagram of the events that had transpired when she had turned one of Mrs Figgs cats into a cat statue, similar indeed to a garden gnome, until Vernon had accidentally smashed it with an unskilled automobile reverse on his way to work one day. "You see I didn't set out to create a garden ornament, but it's what unexpectedly happened one day when I was set the tedious task of weeding. My neighbour Mrs Figg, who is also my babysitter when the Dursley's go out for events too special for me, has a large collection of cats. I was trying to get the weeding done within the specified time frame so I didn't get in trouble for starting dinner too late when one of Mrs Figg's cats – a black one I can't remember the name of – kept getting in the way of my weeding, acting in a way that Mrs Figg describes as wanting affection. When Mrs Figg babysits me I usually try to indulge her assertions that the cats require human affection, despite what I've learnt off National Geographic that felines prefer affection exclusively from their own pride, as she takes their emotional welfare very seriously, but Mrs Fig wasn't present at the time. I remembered thinking to myself, if only the cat would just freeze and act like a garden gnome. And it did , even with an impressive glossy finish. I moved it to the front garden bed so that I could continue my weeding, which was admittedly a mistake; it seemed that this was too close to Vernon's reverse arch and the cat ornament shattered. Otherwise I would have brought it in for the show part of show and tell," Poppy said, holding out the diagram with flourish to the class. The class sat in silence, many of the students with odd expressions on their faces, many of which looked similar to Dudley's grimaces when constipated from eating too much cheese. Poppy added, "Are there any questions?" That's when the teacher stepped in. The cat gnome incident was not an isolated event; as expected, Poppy turned the use of her limited recreation time into further developing her talents for the unusual. After the teacher and classes' reaction to her choice of show and tell, Poppy decided to not share her unusual talents with others. Let me know what you think! Is it good enough to continue? :D