was, it sent every nerve in her body into a frenzy. She bucked her hips against the air, struggling against the binding on her wrists, trying to arch her back, and cried out, as her orgasm overwhelmed her despite the fact that it did, unquestionably, hurt. When both the pain and her pleasure had subsided, she stared up at Him, breathing heavy. "Damn," she said weakly. "You've learned to fight back against the Cruciatus," He said, removing the binding on her wrists, allowing her to sit up. "Yes," she confirmed, tossing her hair arrogantly. "And I can throw off the Imperius completely." "I'm impressed." Though she tried not to let on, this praise from the man who would become her Master pleased her almost as much as their physical encounter had thus far. "What's next?" she asked. "You might be too much for me," He said offhandedly. She laughed. "You're teasing me. I doubt anything is too much for you." "Open your mouth." Again He thrust himself into her, making her gag at first. He thrust again and again, at least a half-dozen times, then He pulled away and, now completely hard again, he concentrated on bringing her pleasure - which was rarely his goal when with a woman, but with this woman, it felt different. He rubbed against her clit with His tip, which elicited several desire-inspired moans, as His tongue returned to her breasts. "Lick me," she ordered. "Down there. Do it." He raised an eyebrow. He couldn't recall ever having been with such a demanding woman. "Are you certain you're a virgin? I am an exceptionally skilled Legilimens. If you're lying, I'll know." "If you're as exceptional at Legilimency as you claim, you'd have known whether I was lying the first time I answered your question." "Bitch!" Keeping one hand on His hardened member poised at her entrance, the other moved to her throat. "You dare to doubt me?" "I'm a virgin," she insisted, lying but showing no fear. "Care to change that?" "Not yet," He said, releasing her neck. "I believe you had a request…" He moved His mouth down, positioning Himself between her legs, and worked His tongue over her clit and between her folds. Her wrists were still bound above her head but her lower half writhed as she struggled to keep self-control. Upon her second orgasm of the evening, He ceased, roughly spread her legs wider, hands on her thighs, and, without spoken warning, thrust into her. She cried out, unprepared for the pain, which was, of course, very different from the Cruciatus but in some respects hurt more because she could not will it away. With a wave of His hand, the binding around her wrists Vanished, and immediately she wrapped her arms around Him, digging her fingernails into His back, which He liked. He rode her hard, giving no consideration to the fact that this was (she claimed) her first time, and when He felt Himself getting close to the edge He flipped them so that He was on His back and she was on top of Him. "Move your hips like this," He instructed, using His hands on her thighs to show her what to do. "Faster. Harder. Yes… yes… fuck… yes…" He reached up and grabbed her bouncing breasts, pulled her forward, and took one into His mouth as she continued to grind on top of Him. Again when He felt He was close, He stopped, this time pulling out, flipping her onto her stomach, and forcing her into a kneeling position. He entered her again, placing one hand on her shoulder to control His thrusts, and rubbing her center with the other. Now she was the one crying out. "Yes! Yes, please… yes… don't stop…" He leaned forward, bit down even harder on her shoulder than He had on her chest, and that was enough for Him. He exploded inside her. When completely spent, He rolled onto His back on the mattress, making no attempt to touch or hold her, which was fine as far as she was concerned. Her brain was fuzzy, neurons firing at random and all over. She was out of breath, feeling both heady and dazed. "You're seventeen?" He asked. "I am." He nodded slowly, as if taking in this information was difficult. "You're seventeen and, until today, a virgin, but you're more than capable in a bedroom than most of the grown witches I've had." "Yes," she agreed, even though she didn't know whether that was true or not. Her self-confidence made Him smile. "Who are you?" "Who do you think I am?" She rolled onto her side to face Him. He continued to stare up at the ceiling. "You're a seventeen-year-old former virgin. You've quite possibly been with both boys and girls. You are fascinated by the Dark Arts, thus you were reading Magick Moste Evil whilst sitting alone in a pub, not looking for friends, as you so eloquently informed me. You can fight against the Cruciatus, and you can throw off the Imperius, but you've never killed – I can sense that you've never killed. From what you've told me, your family belongs to the Sacred 28. You believe in blood purity and putting Muggles back in their rightful place, you have two younger sisters, you're about to start your last year at Hogwarts, and you enjoy both inflicting and receiving pain." "All of that is accurate," she said. He nodded again. "But just who are you, really?" She was still reeling and lightheaded from this first genuine consensual sexual experience and all that preceded it, but determined to appear cool and collected, she replied, "I'm no more or less than a capable witch who wants to join your cause. Let me be a Death Eater. Let me take the Dark Mark." "I knew you would want to," He said, smiling. "Bellatrix Black, I knew from the moment I saw you that you were going to be one of us."