desperate for more solutions. The elderly man gave a soft smile and let her question linger in the warm evening air. "Hermione, my dear Hermione. You are the brightest witch I have met in a very long time. When all hope seems lost…when it seems only darkness has clouded this world – I'm sure you will know exactly when." Her eyes went to her lap, and she nodded silently. "I'm sorry for all the questions, Professor, but-" "Oh, Miss Granger, please do not apologize for needing answers. I am putting a great weight on your shoulders, more than, I daresay, Harry himself. Please, ask anything." Hermione bit the inside of her cheek, thinking of exactly how to word her next inquiry. "Sir, what will happen to, well, now ? The present?" Dumbledore nodded, the twinkle in his eyes gleaming through his half-moon glasses. "The events you remember, your memories from the present, will change with your every action. Every life you save, every obstacle you overcome, will alter the passage of time." Silence stifled Hermione, and she sighed through her nose, feeling the enormous pressure upon her. She spoke up after a few moments of quiet, "There's just one thing that confuses me, sir. How do I go back in time if I exist in this time? How does my presence in the past change anything if it's already been done?" Dumbledore's hands were clasped together in front of his face; if his eyes had been closed, Hermione would think he was praying. Worried he didn't understand her question, Hermione elaborated. "I just mean… When I used a Time-Turner in my third year to save Buckbeak and Sirius, it had already had already happened. Harry had already conjured his Patronus theh first time, and then we went back to do it again…" This was all very confusing, and Hermione's head began to spin… "This will be a different kind of magic, Miss Granger; an alternate timeline, so to speak. I can assure you, I have never met you before." This seemed to be a good enough answer, because the young witch nodded. Her voice seemed to be lost, and she coughed lightly to find it again. "How do you… How do you know all of this, Professor?" A knowing smile broke his unusually sad face. "I know it, because I've used it. And yes, I changed the world, but not nearly enough. No, not nearly enough…" Dumbledore continued, "When the- If the time comes, and you must use this element, you will need to be prepared." The Headmaster's tone was serious and foreboding. The tension in the air was palpable, and there was an intense strain on Hermione's heart. "Books, newspaper articles, anything you can think of that would point you in the right direction, take it with you. I cannot stress this enough, Miss Granger: the world as we know it will be in your hands." The Headmaster handed her the overgrown Time-Turner, gave her a single nod, picked up a quill, and began scratching away at a stack of parchment. Another dismissal , she thought, standing to leave. -.-.- Monday. June 30, 1997 Hermione was stressed to the brim. Her gold and brown hair was even more matted and chaotic than it had ever been before. Frizz nearly stuck on its ends, and she fought tooth and nail to tame it to its normal wild look. Before she knew it, the end of the school year was approaching. Gryffindor had won the Quidditch Cup, beating their opponents 450 to 140. She had witnessed Harry and Ginny's first kiss, though they hadn't been able to enjoy their relationship long. Reality always found a way to kick everyone in the gut. Harry had disappeared. With Professor Dumbledore, probably… Hopefully. Hermione thought to herself, worrying for both of the men's safety. Evening had fallen quicker than she cared for, and there was a strange feeling in the back of her mind that something terrible was going to happen. Heeding the Headmaster's warnings, Hermione waited until her dorm mates were in a deep sleep to go over the contents she would take with her, Just in case she told herself. She reached into her trunk and grabbed the small clutch she planned to take with her, placing it on her four-poster bed to examine. Using an Undetectable Extension Charm, she'd been able to pack the most important Daily Prophet clippings, up-to-date textbooks, and a few personal trinkets (including the small photo album she started in her second year, thankful to Collin Creevey and his silly camera). The massive Time-Turner and envelope sat carefully near the top. A strange ruckus startled her, and her hand instantly went to her wand on the nightstand. Crookshanks was startled out of his sleep, curling his back and hissing at the dormitory door. The hairs on Hermione's neck raised, goosebumps crawled across her skin and she knew something terrible was happening. Snatching her bag, Hermione rushed down the stairs, out of the Common Room and down to the Great Hall faster than she even thought possible. People were rushing past her, cries were echoing through the large entrance and students were clutching at each other as they exited the castle. Dumbledore was dead. She was wrong before. It wasn't when Harry died, it was now. She knew it was time. She reached into her clutch, grasped the two items she required, and stepped away from everyone, so as not to be seen. Nervous hands wouldn't agree with her as she fumbled with the envelope. It ripped open, revealing the sliver of parchment inside. Loopy handwriting carefully scrawled out her instructions. 6-2-11-1-2-0 Days, weeks, months, years, decades, centuries… she recalled. Hermione turned the dials accordingly, whispering the count aloud, careful to do it properly. Dumbledore's voice rang in her ears. " There are no second chances." Hermione saw colors swirl, everything melded into one and she was thrust into a world she had never imagined she would. -.-.-