she wouldn't live up to them . Her breath hitched when they reached the door to her chamber, and she hesitated in speaking the password. She glanced at the man holding her arms and realized that his eyes were already glazed over with desire. The quirk to his brow and determined gaze told her that he would take her against the wall if she didn't open the door. Not wanting to challenge him into action she relayed the words that opened the passage to the stone gargoyle that guarded the door. "Stella Flora," she whispered. Antonin's hand slipped down her back to reach her bum, shoving her quickly through the doorway, following closely behind. The stone door slid shut with a small click behind them. Hermione had entered first and so moved to put some distance between them. His expression was unreadable, but he remained a few paces away from her. They both knew what had to happen, to complete the ritual. "It was a beautiful ceremony, don't you think dorogaya?" Antonin asked her. His voice was pure masculinity, rough and deep, She found his thickly accented and unfamiliar Russian words strangely comforting. Her shoulders relaxed and slowly some nervousness dissipated. "It was." Hermione agreed. She met his gaze. He smirked at her. "I'm not going to hurt you, you know?" He chuckled. "I know. It's just that I've never really done this before." Hermione blushed. "Why don't we start with a kiss then? You seemed to like it well enough at the ceremony." Hermione nodded, and he closed the distance between them covering her lips with his own . This kiss was deeper than before – more insistent and full of need and longing . His mouth was warm against hers and he pressed against her lips encouraging her to open to him. She did and was met by the wrestling of their tongues, as she kissed him back, battling for control. Hermione's hand rose to her shoulders, circling around his neck and he backed her into the wall, grinding against her . He grinned at the moan he elicited from her, deepened the kiss slightly before he tore away from her swollen lips. "Eager are you, dove?" He pressed his hips into her, allowing her to feel the erection he had from kissing her . "You kiss well," Hermione responded, flushed and panting from the heated moment they shared. His low rumble of laughter was unmistakable proof that he had heard her soft answer. The tension between them was broken by the sound. "Years of practice moya dorogaya," he answered, leaning in to kiss her again . He trailed kisses along her jaw down to her neck pushing his knee between her legs, opening them to him. His hands trailed behind her back and pulled the zipper of her dress down, revealing her creamy, pale skin. He pulled the straps off of her shoulder and the material dropped to the floor, pooling at her feet. He groaned appreciatively as she was bared to him. Caressing her breastshe sucked one of the hardened nubs into his mouth. Her breathing quickened and her eyes displayed her desire. There was no denying that by now, she was wet, he knew it, and she knew it . She moaned loudly as he continued to suck on her peaks. She actually cried out when he bit down, none too gently, on one nipple. "Fuck yes!" She yelled, trying to tug her wrists free but he held them fast. "Your breasts are perfect, my little wife." He praised. "I wonder how other parts of you will taste." His voice vibrated against her chest as he spoke. Finally, he released her hands and suddenly dropped to his knees. "Shall we find out?" He murmured. Hermione hummed a reply, too turned on to reply. Agonizingly slow, Antonin moved his fingers over the material of white knickers, before he moved the material aside and slipped a finger into her pink folds. Hermione threw her head back when he pushed his finger in and out, and couldn't hold back the moan when his finger grazed over her clit. Antonin pulled the material down to her ankles and helped her step out of them. Then he lifted her leg and set it over his shoulder as his mouth sought out her warm center. His tongue parted her lips and pushed inside of her, lapping at her. Hermione had never felt anything like it before. She wasn't technically a virgin, but sex wasn't even comparable to this. Antonin continued to caress her center with his tongue and his fingers until she was shouting her release to the stone walls. He lifted her and carried her to the bed before kissing her again, the taste of her still on his lips. "Okay?" he breathed as he aligned his cock with her center. "Yes." She replied and he pushed into her. They both made sounds at the contact, Antonin experienced euphoria as he slid home. He pulled out again to repeat the motion, but he kept a slow and steady pace. It wasn't much longer until he had Hermione begging beneath him. "Please." She pleaded. "Please what?" He asked. "What do you want dorogaya?" She moaned and he smirked, loving the sounds she made. "Harder, please," she begged. He obliged, increasing the speed and the force of his thrusts much to both their pleasure. Soon, they were both close, Hermione clamping down on his turgid length as she came spurred his own orgasm. He collapsed on top of her, breathing heavily. When his heart rate slowed returned to normal he shifted to lay next to her. "I love how responsive you are dorogaya." He commented. "What does that mean?" Hermione asked. "Maybe one day I'll tell you," keeping his pet name for her his little secret for the time being. "Sleep now, my sweet." She curled into his side and he pulled the blankets over them and soon they both drifted off.