going to happen now. Her dreams all shattered and replaced with a living nightmare. As a child she never was a gentle, loving person, she was a prejudiced heartless bully, but she did have dreams like others. Dreams like having a child and taking him or her to the Hogwarts express when they turn eleven, telling them stories about her school life and many more countless beautiful ones. She didn't know her life was going to be upside down when the day she deposited money in the vault her father asked her to do. Her father was long gone, and she didn't suspect him to be a death eater or Voldemort supporter. When she received an owl from him asking her to deposit money into a vault in Gringotts, she obeyed him like any other well-bred pureblood daughter. She never knew money in that vault used for death eater activities. Months after the second war, she was prosecuted for funding the dark side and pleaded guilty as she couldn't deny the signature on the deposit parchment was not hers. She was glad her parents didn't survive the second war. Though they didn't always display their love, she knew they loved her dearly, and it would break their heart to see her suffer like this. Her mother used to remind her continuously that her destiny was to become a lady of a respectable pureblood family and produce the next heir in line, so she must save her virginity for her husband, and she should never act like ordinary Muggles or Muggleborns. But two days into her sentence, what she had kept for her future husband was savagely taken away from her. She cried and fought frantically, but all her effort went in vain. She was starved and repeatedly beaten and raped every day. Finally, she gave up fighting against the people who forced on her. She knelt in front of them and begged them to use imperious on her, but they laughed and rejected saying they gained no fun by making her a submissive puppet. Then she got used to losing herself in an imaginary happy place when someone was raping her and completely shut her mind from the situation she was in. Some didn't care as long as they had her body but some purposely brutally hurt her to hear her screams. Once she fought against a wizard as she was already abused several times that day and she couldn't face the same torture again. During their struggle, a deformed, old chocolate frog fell from the wizard's pocket. Without thinking twice, he offered it to Pansy, and she snatched it greedily from his hand. She hadn't seen a piece of chocolate for years. All she had was inedible food scraps from the kitchen bin or the dumpster next to her room. She knew protest or not, those monsters would have their way with her. An expired piece of chocolate was not a feast, but it was better than garbage she was having so she hung on to it as her life depended on and let the wizard used her body for pleasure. The word spread fast, and people approached her with a piece of food. For a couple of Bertie Bott's every flavour beans or cockroach clusters, broken piece of a liquorice wand or a sugar quill, Half eaten pumpkin pasty or a slice of bread, she tolerated the barbaric treatment she was receiving. She had no dignity left; she got treated like an animal or lower than that. She had repeatedly physically, mentally and sexually abused and she knew she was slowly losing her sanity. This was her fourth year of her sentence and with this rate of abuse, she knew she would never going to last another eleven years. She had no family or friends left, she had no faith and never going to dream again. She would never become a mother and she was terrified of males and never thinking of having a husband if she allowed even. Her soul had broken beyond recovery. Apart from fear, Pansy was not feeling any other emotions at all. Pansy sighed and shivered in cold. The weather was getting freezing cold, and cold air blew inside the uninsulated room through the cracks in the door. Her ragged robe and a thin piece of tattered blanket didn't protect her from extreme weather. She curled up into a ball and rubbed her frozen hands to generate heat with no success. After sometimes she heard a faint pop sound of someone apparated in front of her door. Thinking it was the wizard who offered the piece of bread crust too her, she didn't raise her head to look at him. "Pansy." She was shocked to hear the shrilled voice of Tocky instead of the wizard and looked at the elf in surprise. Tocky was her personal elf long time ago, it used to call her mistress and obey her commands. With her punishment, Tocky was freed and employed by her current owner as a paid elf. Pansy's fate was mocking her cruelly. The same elf who addressed her as its mistress, now calling her by her name and chaining her to wall at the end of each day. Tocky was in a better position than her as a paid employee, and her owner was constantly reminding her that her status was far more beneath than an elf. She was not jealous or angry with her former servant; she knew Tocky had no other option than following orders of its new employer. "Yes." She croaked. "Mr Brown sold you to another wizard. Whizzy here will take you to your new master. Pack your belongings and get ready to go." Tocky said magically unfastening her chains. Then only Pansy noticed the other little elf standing behind Tocky. She gasped and looked at the unfamiliar elf with terrified eyes. 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 Thank you very much for reading. Please review and let me know whether I should continue.