word with Narcissa if you would be so kind." He stated sharply. Abraxas eyed him curiously, before summoning an elf. oOo Arcturus waited patiently of the Lady of the house, remembering that Medusa had passed a while ago. Secretly he was jealous of Abraxas his line secured for generations now, what would he give for that. One day last year, the tapestry had simply stated that Regulus was dead, followed awfully soon by Orion´s passing, theoretically there was still Sirius, but Walburga wouldn´t have it and he truly hoped that he would survive her and get a chance to reconcile his family he would need to talk to Sirius and he would have to be careful the boy happened to despise his family, not that he could truly blame him, Melania was right Walburga was awful, he couldn´t remember why exactly he had allowed her to marry his son and become the next Lady Black mother to the next heir but for some reason he had and after so many years he was finally able to admit that it had been one of his greatest mistakes. "Uncle Arcturus" he stood from his chair as Narcissa entered the room, escorted by Lucius. "You have requested my presence?" he tilted his head slowly. "I wish to speak to you about a close family matter" he paused, locking their eyes. He watched as Narcissa´s breath hitched and she slightly paled before she nodded. Lucius´ eyes searched her face for clues as she asked him to excuse them for a small time. After they seated themselves and ensured privacy by the help of some charms, Narcissa sighed. "This is about Bellatrix´ daughter, isn´t it?" She nodded more to herself than to him. "What did you do to her?" She looked up, guilt all over her face. "I told him I would take her, but Rudolphus he … he was scared what Bella would do to her, she hasn´t really acted like herself since she took that mark and he said it would be for the best…" "What exactly did you do?" He could sense that she was close to tears, as she started shaking. "A blood ritual, she just … faded." Arcturus was shocked as he stared at the shivering woman before he got up and walked to the fire. "What does it mean, if she returned, how is she?" He lifted his gaze to her face "I don´t know Narcissa, she hasn´t regained consciousness yet. I do not know why she is here." He inhaled sharply as he started pacing. "What do you remember?" Narcissa raised her shoulders, wringing her fingers in her lap. "Not much Rudolphus came to see me. The same night she was born, almost exactly ten years ago: September 19th, 1970. We … prepared the ritual. I tried to convince him to leave her with me.-" Tears started running down her cheeks. "-but he wouldn´t have it. We performed it at sunrise, he needed both parents blood …" Arcturus stared at the shaking woman coldly. No pity in his ice-cold eyes. "Where did he find the ritual?" Narcissa only whimpered, before she tried to compose herself. "I don´t know, I think it was something dark, but I remember that he went off-script near the end … I don´t … something about Morgana and protection." He hid his inner battle well as he turned to the fire. "Please" Narcissa called out as she grabbed his arm tightly. "Will she be all right? He shook his head "We will see." With those words, he flooed back to the estate. His cold façade neatly in place as he stepped out of the fire. If Morgana´s magic was in place, this could be everything and nothing. Time travel had been one of her specialties, who knew what the little girl had gone through. Most likely was that the ritual had actually been a vow and somehow, something went wrong erasing it, returning her. He truly hoped that she would awake soon, the sooner she opened her eyes the sooner they would find out what happened to her. oOo Black Ancestral Home 23rd September 1980 She was stirring in her bad closing her eyes completely, stirring under her covers, before she opened her eyes for the first time "Sent for Andromeda" Arcturus instructed the elf as he set aside his tea to lean forward in his seat to inspect her closer before he slowly taking her cold hand into his own. He stared into confused whiskey coloured eyes before her eyes started to take in her surroundings. "Where am I?" she asked quietly, her voice hoarse as if she hadn´t used it in a very long time. "You are at the Blacks´ ancestral home. I am Arcturus Black." The girl paled significantly, starting to subconsciously finger her left forearm, as Andromeda bursts into the room. "Dromeda" she breathes as she flings herself at the woman. Andromeda was shocked for some reason her niece seemed to know her, surprised at the speed they dropped to the floor. Instinctively she tried to calm the little girl ending up drawing soothing circles on her back. "Can you tell me your name, little one?" she carefully asks. Hermione stares at her in shock, why wouldn´t she recognise her? Hermione´s thoughts started spinning, something was terribly wrong and for now, she had no idea how that had happened. The next thing she noticed was that she felt younger, her curves had disappeared and she seemed to be no older than nine or ten years of age, the moment the realisation hit her, she could do nothing but faint. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Thank you for reading, please share your thoughts, ideas, and questions. (pm me or review) I am looking for a beta-reader, to toss around ideas and/ or grammar and spelling correction, if you are interested please PM me :) (I am not a native speaker so please forgive me, I am working on it)