up and groaned as my strained legs straightened. I looked around the dining room and saw nothing. I climbed up the stairs to the first room. I knocked on the door, but didn't get an answer. "Mr. Weasley? Ginny? Percival?" I asked, my heart starting to hammer in my chest. Where was everyone? I climbed more steps and came to a second and third bedroom. No one was there either. "HARRY?! RON!" I shouted running up the rest of the stairs, and about to start hammering on the door when I heard low whispering. "Harry, he had a wand pointed at your throat! Who cares if he ever gets found! It's his fault for running off anyways!" Ron said, shuffling around the room. "Ron, you didn't see him." Harry said softly. "You said so yourself, he's a right foul git!" Ron said, something scraping on the floor. "That was before. He's different now." Harry said, quietly. "He blames himself for Dumbledore's death." "Well, he did let the death eaters into the school, Harry." Ron pointed out. "He's different now, Ron." Harry sighed. "He still tried to kill you, and Teddy! Think of Teddy, Harry." "I don't think he would've done it. Hell, he couldn't even hurt Dobby!" Harry said. "Dobby told me that once" "Looked like he was going to, mate." Ron said. I looked at the floor and wrapped my arms around my stomach. I slowly made my way down the stairs to my bedroom, and sat down in the chair in front of the desk. I looked through the drawers and found only a plastic oval shaped long thing with metal down the side. I pushed a button on the back and a small blade came out. I looked at the blade and then my wrist. I wondered, if I bled out enough, would I die? I held the knife above my wrist, and imagined the blood pouring out of me. I sighed and put the knife back in the drawer. I couldn't leave mother alone. From the room above mine I heard a baby crying softly. I waited for it to stop. I waited some more. It got louder. I groaned and threw the chair out from under me and stomped upstairs. I looked at a light green door and pushed it open. I looked around, old blankets and toys littered the floor. A century old rocking chair sat in the corner. A changing table was against the wall, and in the middle of the room sat a crib where the extremely loud racket was coming from. I walked over to it, kicking stuffed animals out of the way. I leaned over the side of the crib, a fat baby with electric blue hair and big blue eyes looked up at me. It tilted its head, curiously. I picked it up and brought it over to the changing table and undid its shirt. I looked for a diaper and something to clean it with, but didn't find anything. I sighed and picked up the baby and carried it down the 6 flights of stairs to the kitchen. I took the baby's clothes off it and used the sink to wash its butt. "Where the hell are the diapers in this mad house?" I mumbled, as the baby's hair slowly started turning white, like mine. "No, don't do that." I said, shutting off the water. "Don't do that, I said." His soft baby hair grew white-blonde and his eyes turned grey. I groaned and grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his butt. I carried him outside and faced him towards the sunset. "When I was little my father used to bring me outside and point at the sunset and say "See? Even the sun knows there is a time to stay and a time to leave." I think it might be time for me to leave, Teddy. It's obvious no one wants me here." I glanced at his white hair, "well, besides you." I watched as the sun went farther down into the hill tops, and stars started to freckle the sky. I looked at Teddy and his open mouth as he pointed to the stars. His hands reached for the stars, and I smiled, until I saw the moon start to rise. It was full. I remembered that his father was a werewolf, and worried for a minute that he would also change form, but he looked up at me and smiled. "Your father used to be afraid of the moon." I said, softly. "Because, his lifestyle meant the moon was something to be hated. But, it's not. It's beautiful, and cold. Don't be afraid to play in the moonlight, okay?" I turned the child to face me and saw his eyes slowly start to turn black, his teeth grew pointed, his hair darkening but he didn't finish changing form. He just stayed that way and gurgled at the moon, reaching towards it. "I know, people aren't going to understand, but you're special, ok? Don't be afraid." I whispered and kissed his head. He looked up at me and smiled. "See?!" I heard from behind me, "You can't trust him! He took your kid, Harry!" I turned and looked at the two teens glaring at me. "H-He was crying..." I mumbled looking down. "Shut up, and give Harry back his kid!" Ron said sending me death glares. "It's not his kid! It's his godson" I argued, holding tighter to the baby. "I swear to God Malfoy if you don't give Harry his godson right now" Ron said stepping forward. "Okay!" I said, looking down at him, and his pitch black eyes. "Here," Harry stepped forward and took him from me, casting me an angry look. "Do not touch him again." Harry said. Ron and Harry took off back upstairs, Teddy reaching out for me, his hair already starting to turn blonde. "I'm sorry, kid" I whispered, already starting to hear him whimper from two floors down.