stopped and stood there for a moment, glaring down at Harry and panting heavily from the exertion. "Nothing but trouble, you no good useless freak! You know you deserve this punishment!" Uncle Vernon said as he hurriedly put his belt back on. "And don't think we're done just yet boy, I'll be back to finish this." With that, he left the room, slamming the door behind him. Harry could hear the sounds of the many locks on his door clicking into place a second later. After hearing the last of Uncle Vernon's heavy footfalls receding, Harry attempted to get up off the hard floor, but quickly decided against it. His whole body, especially his back, felt like it was on fire and any move he tried to make would send a burst of pain coursing through his body. The tears he'd been resolutely holding back were now silently streaming down his face as Uncle Vernon's words reverberating through his head. Somewhere in a corner of his mind, he agreed with all that was said. He was unwanted, unloved, ungrateful, a freak, a burden. I don't deserve to be loved. I get people killed. Many thoughts continued to swirl around his mind, until his eyelids began to feel heavy and he let them fall shut, the exhaustion from the day settling in, and it wasn't long before sleep claimed him. "WAKE UP BOY!" Uncle Vernon shouted at the top of his lungs. Harry jolted awake and flinched when a pair of meaty hands roughly grabbed his arm and slammed him against the wall. The impact caused the dried up wounds on his back to reopen and Harry let out a sharp gasp at the pain. It had probably been a few hours since the last beating and Uncle Vernon did say he was going to come back to finish this. Though two beatings in one day was very rare. Usually he would just punish Harry and then locked him in his room for the rest of the day with no food. "Stand there and be quiet, boy!" Uncle Vernon demanded, the round red face was uncomfortably close to his. He could almost feel the spittle that was flying from the man's mouth. He was forcibly turned around so that his back was now facing Uncle Vernon and that whip. Harry had a hard time standing still, his whole body trembling uncontrollably. "Don't even bother making a sound boy, no one will care about you anyway," Uncle Vernon said before swinging hard across Harry's already torn up back. This time, he couldn't hold back the agonized scream that escaped past his lips. The slashes with the whip were always worse than the belt. After a few strikes with the whip, Harry's legs started to give out, causing him to collapse into a heap on the floor. Uncle Vernon didn't miss a beat as he continued to whip Harry, the hits never losing the force behind them. When it seemed he had grown tired of using the whip, Uncle Vernon moved on to kicking and punching him instead. His attempts at rolling and squirming out of the way were useless. One especially well placed kick in the ribs knocked the wind out of him and caused him to cough violently. He almost passed out from the pain of it. "That's what you deserve freak!" Uncle Vernon yelled breathlessly, giving one more extra hard kick to his ribs for good measure before exiting the room and shutting the door behind him with a slam that caused the walls to slightly vibrate. Harry just laid on the floor panting heavily, too injured to move and not really caring anyway. He knew that he had at least two broken ribs from those kicks and his back probably didn't look too good either. His lip was bloody and puffy from him trying to prevent the screams from escaping. Maybe he's right ... I deserve to get punished, I get people killed. Look what happened to Sirius... and Cedric, and Mum and Dad. Now more than ever, Harry wished he was with his family and that there was someone... anyone who would care. Not about the Boy-Who-Lived, or the savior of the wizarding world, but about Harry . Just Harry . One person who could love him, care about him, and want him... Was that too much to ask for? Harry gave a sad sigh, trying unsuccessfully to push those thoughts out of his mind. Maybe I should just kill myself off now, I could be with Sirius, Mum, Dad, and all my other relatives that I've never met. It would certainly put him out of his misery and there would be no more pain... Then who would defeat Voldemort? Could he leave his friends here with a madman still on the loose if he had the power to put an end to it? He wasn't sure about that. But Voldemort had killed his parents, and he was the one who made his life this way. If anything, he was going to finish this war for his parents because they sacrificed so much for him. They sacrificed their lives for him. He would do it to honor their sacrifices and hopefully make them proud. By the way his life was going right now though, Harry didn't know how much more he could handle before he broke into a million pieces that couldn't be put back together. He was sick of being the Boy Who Lived, all that people seemed to notice was the celebrity side of him. Nobody seemed to really understand what he was going through or what he had already gone through. His friends did mean a lot to him and he was forever grateful to have had them by his side during all those difficult times, but they have each other and their families, so he wouldn't be missed too much right? His thoughts ended there as he finally welcomed the darkness that overcame him.