as if in disbelief of her own statement. "We've passed Christmas, New Years, our 23rd anniversary, Valentine's Day, my birthday, and in all that time, nothing!" Snape tried not to notice the way her breasts heaved as she pouted over this, but without her traveling cloak to cover her, he was all-too-aware of the ample amount of skin she'd chosen to expose on her chest and shoulders. He averted his gaze, but that didn't stop him from being able to feel the heat from her palms, which she slid up even more so that they were now resting on the backs of his shoulders. "I'm not looking for love, Severus," she said, pressing closer to him. "I simply want… I want to be wanted." This was the notion she'd been toying with but in all the scenarios she'd played out in her head it went quite differently. For starters, in none of them was she standing in the middle of Snape's office in the dungeons at Hogwarts. Most importantly, in her head, none of her attempts ended in rejection, whereas real life very well might. "Why are you telling me this?" he repeated, but his tone was not as cool or distant as it had been moments ago. Taking a deep breath to steel herself, Narcissa decided upon the blurt-it-out approach, though she did take a decisive step back before doing so, moving her hands to her hips. "Severus," she began matter-of-factly. "I want to have an affair. I want to have what Lucius has. It isn't fair. I've been faithful to him since we started seeing each other when we were kids. I was thirteen when he first asked me out. Thirteen! A little girl! And in all that time, I've never once been with another man or even fantasized about being with another man. I've never become emotionally invested in another woman's husband, thus setting myself up for idiotic heartbreak…" That was a jab at Endora Selwyn, the dead ex-mistress. "Nor have I ever sought the company of a single man since he and I agreed upon exclusivity, when I was a student. Or before, even. He's it. And I've tried. I've tried so hard to do whatever I've needed to do, whatever... exactly what my mother raised me to be. I've been the perfect wife, Severus, but he hasn't been the perfect husband, and that is no longer acceptable." "Why aren't you telling him this? Tell him it's unacceptable. Tell him you won't allow yourself to be cheated on anymore." "No." She turned away from Snape, wrapping her arms around herself protectively. "No, we're past that. I've asked before. Begged, pleaded, cajoled. I've cried, shouted, threatened. He does not care. So I figure, it's my turn. It's only fair. I want… I want the same. I want a physical thing, not an emotional one. I want… damn it, like I said, I want to be wanted! I'm still good-looking, am I not? I could still... I could be of use. I could... Do you... Severus, do you think... theoretically speaking, of course... but... but I'm pretty, right? Don't you think someone could want me? Do you think you could want me?" "Narcissa…" Snape said slowly, weighing his options. On the one hand, this was his friend's wife, mother of his godson, sister of his most recent sexual partner (if the other bottom of one fury-driven half-dressed quickie could even be considered a 'partner'). This was not a woman he should be considering taking to bed. But on the other… that encounter with her sister had occurred three months prior, and since then there hadn't exactly been a slew of women throwing themselves at him, plus the past had taught him that those who did typically had ulterior motives, especially when the Dark Lord reigned before, and it was likely to continue in the vein now that the Dark Lord was set to truly rise again. No, just as it was during the First War, the women looking to be with Snape would be picturing him as a wrung on a ladder, a necessary step. Nothing more. Not that he was looking for love or romance or any of that rubbish. No, he'd found love, long ago, and had no desire to sully it with an impossible attempt to achieve it with another. So perhaps this was exactly what he needed. A no-strings-attached affair with an attractive woman he knew well and could trust not to tell a soul. "Severus?" Narcissa turned to face him, again doing that tilted-chin, raised-eyes thing, looking more defeated – and somehow, more beautiful – than he'd ever see her. "It's pathetic. I'm pathetic. I'm 41 years old. My hair is going gray. My husband is cheating on me yet again. My son doesn't need me or want me around. I have no friends, no career, no sisters I can currently confide in. I can't even bake a cherry pie." If he wondered why she threw that last part in, he didn't let on. "I'm literally throwing myself at you knowing it's possible I'll end up absolutely humiliated as a result. Please, just consider it. After all, I'm not asking for much and what I'm offering in return is worth your time. I need someone to talk to me, to help me feel less lonely, someone to desire me and fulfill me…" As she spoke, she moved closer, closer, until their chests were almost touching. She slipped her arms up around his neck, now leaving only about an inch between them. "Severus, I'm 41 years old and I've never even been kissed by anyone other than him." Snape closed the gap, pressing his body flush against hers, simultaneously sliding his hands over her hips and around her small waist, stopping at her lower back. "You've never even kissed another man?" he asked. Upon her nod, he added, "Well. That certainly is pathetic." Then, despite his better judgment, he pressed his lips to hers.