laying on the ground at her feet, she had no way of knowing to the extent that their fates would become intrinsically bound, forever linked by a powerfully dark magic. "Hermione now is the time," Remus called from the other side of the room. Hermione removed the vial from the pocket of her robe and quickly pricked her finger. A droplet of blood oozed out, of which Hermione quickly captured in the bottle. Trying not to let her conscience get the best of her, Hermione grabbed for Elanor's hand, taking her blood to add to the potion. Hermione questioned herself until the very last moment that she raised the potion to her lips. This was the right thing to do, wasn't it? "Hermione, please, don't do this. We need you here, with us," Ron pleaded, absolutely terrified for what his friend was about to do. "He's right, Hermione," Harry continued, "We cannot do this without you. What if something happens to-" "My decision is final," Hermione cut Harry off. She looked at the worried faces of both her dearest friends and sighed. She knew they just cared deeply for her. She began speaking, though less harshly this time. "I love you both dearly, which is why I must do this. We've been working for months and have found nothing. This is our chance to get real answers. I have full faith in both of you, and I expect that you will have faith in me," Hermione said, reaching out to grasp Ron's hand. His cheeks flushed pink. She would miss them both, and truthfully, she was terrified for herself. But her mind had been made up, she was going to do this. What Harry and Ron did not realize was that this was equally for herself as it was for them. Should Voldemort win, she would surely be killed. No more muggle-born witches and wizards would ever be given a chance to enter this wonderfully magical world she had grown to love. She could not bear the thought of future generations of children like herself being trapped in a world that they did not belong. The wizarding world had become her home, it was her life and she would be damned if she saw it taken away. Harry, seeing Hermione's turmoil, came up and embraced her in a long hug. "We have all the faith in the world in you, Hermione. You're brilliant and if there is anyone who can do this, it's you." Hermione tipped her head back to allow the potion to slide past her lips. The green liquid tasted foul, like curdled milk and metal. Her eyes teared at the searing pain it left behind in her throat. Without meaning to, she dropped the now empty glass vial on the ground, and it shattered everywhere as her hands lifted to grasp her throat. She could no longer breathe due to the burning pain overtaking her body. "Hermione!" Arthur cried out as he ran to her side. "Don't touch her!" Remus yelled from across the room just as Arthur was bending over to assist her. "Hermione, you must perform the spell quickly!" Arthur pushed Hermione's wand towards her hand. Hermione lightly grasped it, still weak with pain. She did not know how she was going to have the ability to get the words out of her mouth, but she knew she had no other choice. Without the spell being cast, the potion would continue to choke her to death. Hermione used her elbows to push her body along the ground closer to Elanor. Grabbing Elanor's hand, Hermione began to recite the spell. Her voice rasped out, and the words erupted from her chest in breathless bursts, feeling like sandpaper scraping her tongue. After the last word escaped her chest, time seemed to freeze. The burning in Hermione's chest instantaneously ceased giving way to an odd pulling sensation shooting down her spine. The room darkened around everyone, and Hermione lost focus of the outside world. Her body felt dizzy, like it was spinning at an impossible speed. She held onto Elanor's hand like her life depended on it, anchoring herself to the woman she would one day need to kill. Suddenly, her body erupted in a pain she had never before experienced. Her bones felt as though they had caught fire, burning her skin from the inside out. The sound that ripped from her lungs as she felt her body crack and break was unnatural. Her skin began bubbling furiously, like a cauldron of boiling water. Hermione squeezed her eyes shut, feeling nauseous at the sight of her changing form. Please let this pain end, Hermione thought over and over, for what felt like an eternity. And then all at once, the pain subsided. She lay on the ground, breathing furiously. Through her unfocused vision, she could vaguely make out the unconscious body of Elanor lying across from her. Had it worked? It was then that Hermione noticed the jet black hair falling in front of her eyes and gasped. Her veins were pulsing with a newfound power that was electrifying in ways she had never felt before, tingling beneath her fingertips. The power that she now possessed was invigorating to her every sense. And as Hermione lay still trying to process what she had just done, a sinking feeling crashed down upon her. The Gryffindor princess, the brightest witch of her age had played with the darkest of forces and won, but only for now. Because in fact, though she had succeeded in this battle, Hermione knew she was now locked in a deadly game with nature that she was sure to lose. Author's Note: And there you have it, folks. Nothing like a bit of identity theft to start a story. I have about half of this story already written. Expect updates about once every two weeks. I'd love to hear your thoughts- critiques are always welcome (and often greatly appreciated). Hope you enjoyed! :) - AMJ