wrists, keeping her motion-, and defenseless. " Let the fun begin." He chuckled. In the matter of a few hours, Hermione was abused in every sense of the word – verbally, physically, mentally, and sexually – as the brother and sister duo tortured and molested her, until she was a sobbing, writhing bloody mess on the floor. Then, and only then did they stop their administrations, and with another swift kick to her bruised naked form, they gave her some memorable parting words. " If you even think about ratting us out – not that even a single soul would believe you – we won't hesitate to give you another life lesson to show you where you belong: lying prostrate in front of our feet, as nothing more than our mere plaything, you filthy little mudblood whore." Ginny hissed, and pulling on Hermione's hair, she forced her to watch as Ron kissed her lovingly, with a tenderness that he never showed her, and dropped her head back on the ground. " Face it 'Mione, I only ever pretended to love you, you were only a beard, like Harry is for Ginny, so we can continue to be true to our superior love in secret, and if you know what's good for you, you will keep your mouth shut!" Ron growled, and slammed his hand into her cheek so hard, that she passed out. " Let's go, Harry won't be home 'till Tuesday. We still have time to spend together." Ginny smiled sweetly, and they disapparated, leaving the unconscious witch on the floor. Thick salty tears were pooling in the corners of Hermione's eyes, as she remembered what she desperately wanted to forget, but she knew she couldn't , because she never wanted to unknowingly trust the very people who committed such crimes against her. Draco and George shared a knowing glance, and took their beloved back to bed, where they embraced her from both sides, and simply held her in their protective cocoon, cursing the organizers of the Remembrance Ball for tearing up these old wounds. This wasn't the first time that their Princess had broken down about what happened in the past, and certainly wouldn't be the last, but it pained them to know that every year, like clockwork, an innocent invitation would torture her like this. George twirled one of Hermione's stray curls around his index finger tenderly. "You are safe with us, love." He whispered, as he brushed his lips against her shoulder in a comforting gesture, pulling her into his chest. "We will always protect you, my love." Draco vowed, as he caressed her back, and kissed the back of her neck. "How about we go and pay a visit to Lu and Nev?" George suddenly suggested. "I bet that those mischievous little fluffballs are already missing their favourite person, even though we were there yesterday..." Hermione swallowed her emotions, and smiled a very small smile. "I would love that, but can we please just stay like this for a while?" She asked in a soft whisper. Draco and George complied with her wishes, and they spent the rest of the morning holding on to each other, softly talking about all the things that made them happy, to distract her from her pain. A/N: This is the first chapter, of a five-chapter Reunion story. The idea of writing about some sort of reunion was inspired by cleotheo's wonderful Reunion stories – and in case you are wondering, I do have that Author's permission to write something similar – which I put my own twist on. This is my first time writing about a three-person relationship, but I am hoping to do it justice. What you can expect in the next chapters: The second chapter will deal with present time Ron and Ginny affairs, and a look into their respective marriages, meeting Luna and Neville and the aforementioned phoenix family, a flashback continuation with Luna and Neville coming to Hermione's rescue, their move to France, and how George learned about what happened. In the third chapter Draco visits his family to talk about his and George's plans to propose to Hermione, then we get a look into Draco's life after Astoria broke his heart, and he arrived in France, how he met up with the trio, and realized Hermione was merely a shell of her former self. We get a look into Dray's and Georgie's crushes and competition for Hermione's affection, and how she did not want to risk their friendship for a try at a romantic relationship, so they all dated different people. However when she started dating Adrian Pucey, and it was looking to get serious, the young men discussed the possibility of both of them dating her at the same time, so they could have a chance. Hermione caved, and we see their growing relationship, and the moment the boys realized that they wanted more, not just two different relationships, so we see how the wizards explore the attraction between the two of them, to Hermione's absolute delight, of course. We also see into their careers, and how George became a Healer. There will also be a heart-wrenching graveyard scene, which might include certain ghosts... In chapter four we go to Hogwarts, and all hell breaks loose. Draco and Georgie wreck havoc with Veritaserum , and a very Georgie-like " Babble Your Heart Out Concoction ", that makes the consumer spill their darkest secrets..., you can imagine what happens. Secrets get spilled all around, there is a lot of confrontation, and conclusion of past crimes. Then the last chapter is where I tie up the loose ends: the book signing, cleaning out the twins' apartment, art exhibition, and a certain wedding shall tie the story up in a neat bow. I will also detail the trio's friendships with the Hogwarts crew scattered into the different chapters. I hope I piqued your interest, and you will tag along on this journey. Thank you for reading!