am late in applying and that this is highly unusual, but Shakti is the only school that I will be able to attend. Yours sincerely, Salus Moriens Harry had carefully planned his letter to the Head of Shakti, closely following the Four's instructions. The new name? 'Salus for Salvation. Moriens for my deathbed. My name will remind me why I am there, why I am doing all of this,' Harry thought with vindication. He then sealed the letter and sent it off using the spell provided by Helga. 'Because, I don't have the luxury of time.' As soon as that was done, Harry knew that he had to organise his finances. Taking care to hide his features, Harry flooed directly into the Bank and walked to a counter. "Greetings, Goldlocke, son of Warhammer. I need to see Bloodknife about my accounts," Harry stated in a low voice. The Goblin eyed him for a moment before nodding towards the hallway. Harry knocked on the door of the goblin he had contacted a few days before regarding his accounts. Hearing a shouted "enter", Harry did just that. He grinned at the Goblin and took a seat in front of the desk. The green magical creature finished off the page of paperwork and greeted his client. "Milord, what do I owe this pleasure?" Bloodknife asked, giving Harry his full attention. "I need to organise my accounts as I intend to... disappear for an indefinite period of time. But the catch is, I need access to my funds." Harry explained, hands folded on his lap and back straight. His hood though, was pushed back. If he couldn't trust his banker then who could he trust? Bloodknife frowned as he nodded, "That will be easy. You are already emancipated and your accounts are private. You have accounts in both worlds. I can give you a debit card that works in both, for the fee of 300 galleons payment and then a service fee of 50 galleons per month thereafter." Harry nodded. "Please, but I need those funds to be available from anywhere." Harry paused, "Is the room absolutely secure?" Bloodknife raised an eyebrow and nodded, waiting for Harry to continue. "I plan to attend a school in another dimension." Harry said bluntly. "I need to be able to use my funds there." Bloodknife dropped his pen as he stared at the wizard. He was not expecting that. There were a handful of schools his client could be attending and a part of him was scared to ask. Bloodknife then winced at the thought of the paperwork he had to do to get a multidimensional card. It was a lengthy procedure as they would have to use the other banks in the other dimensions as branches to their bank. Leaving the bank, Harry walked in the shadows to enter Knockturn Alley. Alert, he slinked along, a destination in mind as he approached a nameless store. Pushing the grimy door open, a broken bell gave a dull 'ding!' as he entered. He ignored the other customers and the books that lined the walls; walking straight up to the counter, Harry handed the owner a piece of paper. The old man, whose hair was grey and teeth a rotten yellow, read the note with narrowed eyes before nodding. He left the room only to return barely a moment later with a vial in hand. Harry took the vial and inspected it. The potion was well made and he could find no fault in it save that it was coloured a touch too dark. But that was no problem, as it only meant that the potion had been left on the fire for one minute longer than it should have, having a side effect of being a tad stronger than it would otherwise be but not dangerously so. Harry handed the owner a bag of galleons and waited as the man counted that all 500 coins were there. Nodding, Harry left the store and made his way back to the bank. There, he flooed to his personal chambers back in Hogwarts. Harry sighed as he could finally relax. He dropped the heavy cloak onto a chair and inspected the vial as he sat on his bed. The potion he had purchased to the exorbitant price was a highly illegal potion that Sirius had told him about. It was how Sirius moved about in the Wizarding World despite being a wanted man. The Fallis Potionta changed the person's appearance to what they would like. It was mainly used by criminals who were on the run. The other reason it was illegal was that it was a 'Black Potion', meaning that it changed a person's magical powers. In this potion's case, it gave them the ability to shift from their original appearance and the alter-ego. It used Wild Magics, hence it was banned by the Ministry. All wizards used 'Natural' magic. This magic was divided into different components, such as light, dark, black, green, red ect... Wild magic on the other hand was that of the planets and could not be controlled. Very few wizards were born with the ability to tap into this magic; and for them to be a Potions Master was extremely rare. Harry looked at the vial before uncorking it. Sighing, he smiled slightly as he swallowed it in one go. For a few moments nothing happened, the potion only left a horrid taste in his mouth. And then Harry screamed in pain as his magic jerked and his muscles pulled. His skin felt like it was on fire, and the potion was burning a path through his body. Harry accepted the blissful darkness as he collapsed out cold. There was no pain there. Read and Review. AN: What should Harry look like? I'm changing his hair colour and keeping his eyes. I love green eyes. Any suggestions? *Lord of the Rings: The Twin Towers - Legolas. *Shakti - "power" in sanskrit. *Latin from a latin-english dictionary.