only he's a sexist prick, he's also a pervert. You have no idea how many times I caught him leering at you." "Exactly! More the reason I should – " "As your professional confidante, though, I have to agree too." Rowena froze. Tilting her head to her side, she said, "Wait, you're not going to argue with me?" Salazar shrugged. "Well, it's about damn time. I was just surprised that you came to that decision without me having to lecture you for hours." At this, the younger woman rolled her eyes in annoyance, to which Salazar merely returned with a sheepish grin before continuing. "But I'll have to remind you though, finding a new job isn't really that easy." "I thought you were going to make me change my mind," Rowena sighed. Looking at the older man with a scowl, she said, "Why did you do that? You complete prat." "You and Godric react the same way whenever I tease the both of you," the handsome lawyer said. Godric could only scowl at that comment. "Yeah, yeah. Whatever, Sal. I'm so going to kick your arse after this," Godric drawled. "Ooh, I'm scared," Salazar chuckled as Godric flipped him off childishly. Averting his attention back to Rowena, he said, "Anyway, I suppose you want me to find loopholes on your contract so you can walk out risk-free?" "Yes," Rowena confirmed. "You're a lawyer. Surely you can help me." As the two discussed about Rowena's contract, the food finally came. Godric ended up tuning out of the conversation as he enjoyed his lunch. From where he was sitting, he could see two new-comers coming into the restaurant. They were men around Godric's age, from the looks of it. The first man was really tall, he was even taller than Godric's own gigantic built. He had sandy-brown hair with blue high-lights all over, which seemed weird for a man his age. When they got closer, even from where he was, Godric could see the man's eyes were a combination of green and golden , instead of any other normal colour a human being ever had for their eyes. The second man was a lot shorter than his friend, but his eyes were the most enchanting shade of blue. Not only that, when their eyes met, Godric was stunned at how old and tired those eyes seemed. His clothing suggested that he probably worked behind desk. But Godric knew that the look in those eyes could only belong to a soldier who had seen the worst of the world. The two men took their seats not far from where Godric and his friends were, and for some reason, he felt a little uneasy knowing that. He cursed himself for leaving his gun in his duffel back in Salazar's car. He wouldn't want to cause such a scene, but if these two were going to spring into action, Godric would need a little something to help him keep his friends safe. The sound of Rowena's phone brought his attention back to her. Together with Salazar, he watched the woman talked to her phone. "Yes? Oh, right… Okay, I'll be there in a few. See you later." "Who's that?" Salazar asked, nodding at her phone which she put away into her bag. "My assisstant," Rowena said. "She's at my apartment right now. I told her to deliver today's letters to my apartement so I could continue my work at home. I guess I'll have to go now." "Oh, okay then… I'll come to your office first thing tomorrow so I can bully the idiot into agreeing to your resignation terms. How about that?" Rowena smiled and gave Salazar a peck on his cheek (and no, Godric wasn't jealous). "Thanks a lot, Sal. You're the best. I owe you one." "Don't mention it. It's nothing, really. I'm just glad to help." "Aren't you Mr Modesty," Godric mocked, earning a soft laugh from Rowena. She then took his hand and shook it. "It's nice meeting you, Godric. Perhaps we can go for coffee, sometime?" Rowena asked, looking weirdly hopeful and anxious. If only she knew how he was trying hard not to squel like a girl… "Sure. Just give me your number so we can contact each other." After they traded their numbers, Rowena made her way to exit the restaurant. She turned around once, and waved at the two men over her shoulders, before stepping out completely. At the same time, the two new-comers Godric was just eyeing several moments were getting up from their respective seats – and were heading their way. His fingers were itching to grab the small pocket- knife he kept at all times in his boot. He silently registered that Salazar had gone tense beside him, watching the two men coming toward them with a weird look on his face. When the men finally reached their desk, he casually sat across the two best friends. They didn't immediately talk, merely watching the two of closely in the same way that Godric was eyeing them. It was nearly five minutes later that the silence was disturbed, by the blue-eyed one. He was about to say something when suddenly, Salazar dropped from his seat and began to convulse violently on the floor. Godric forgot immediately about the two weird freaks and jumped to kneel beside his best friend. "Sal? Salazar, can you hear me?" Godric asked urgently, trying his best not to panic when Salazar gave no respond and kept on convulsing. It took him awhile when he registered that someone, the blue-eyed man, was right beside him. "Here. Let me – " " Don't touch him!" Godric hissed, protectively pulling Salazar's head on his lap. "I know you two did this. What did you do, huh?" Something flashed in those blue eyes, but Godric had no idea what it was. The man turned his head to his partner, nodded his head and said, "Teddy, if you will." "What are you –" "Stupefy."