my name but I don't know yours." Maia deflected, wanting the attention to be turned away from her. If she knew anything about Sirius Black, then he would jump at the chance to talk about himself. "I'm Sirius Black, the most handsome one and the smartest of all the marauders." He grinned, puffing his chest out. "This is Peter Pettigrew, Remus Lupin and James Potter." He pointed to each of the boys as he spoke. "They hang on to me for dear life, knowing that they couldn't possibly make it through their studies without me to guide them." Remus rolled his eyes. "To guide us into detention is more like it." He laughed. Her diversion had worked, the hall returned to their meals and earlier conversations. "Ignore Black, he hasn't many brain cells." A girl's voice cut through. She had beautiful ginger hair and piercing green eyes. "I'm Lily Evans." She extended her hand to Maia, which Maia shook with a small smile. "Typical Lily." James smiled adoringly. "Ever more of a gentleman than we will ever be." "I'll take that as a compliment." Lily frowned, clearly displeased with the boy's choice of words. James simply beamed, as if he had caught the snitch forty feet in the air without a broom. Dinner continued on, with the group sharing their knowledge of the castle with Maia, though she didn't need it. They also shed some light on the 'cursed' defence against the dark arts position and their long string of slightly inadequate teachers. "Maybe you should teach someday Remus." James grinned through a large spoon of mashed potatoes. "You'd never be affected by the curse." Maia grinned knowingly. Her Professor Lupin had most certainly left at the conclusion of his first and only year of teaching. "You're very curious." Lily spoke, turning her attention back to Maia, who had only eaten an apple during the half hour they had been talking. "Your diet must be similar to that of a full blooded nymph." Maia shrugged. She had attempted to eat a steamed carrot but had immediately ruled out that as an option for her meal, the taste and texture being utterly repulsive. "I guess I'm just used to fresh fruit and nuts." She silently thanked every god there was that she had read several books about forest nymphs over the years. They didn't ask her any more questions after that, instead drilling Lily about what she knew of nymphs, Maia simply had to nod or shake her head to confirm Lily's words. Dinner quickly ended and the group led Hermione up to the Gryffindor tower, where she hesitated to divulge the existence of her private room, the door to which did not rest atop the spiral staircase. "I'd like to look out of the window a little longer." She'd smiled politely when Lily spoke of going up to bed. She had left Maia to her thoughts and gave her directions to the dormitory. After everyone had cleared out of the common room, Maia made her way over to the portrait of a lion which was hung above the fire. "Temps oublié." She whispered and made her way over to a slightly shimmering stretch of tapestry before walking through it. It was much like the barrier at King's Cross station. The room inside was rather inviting, with the Gryffindor colour scheme absent. A dusty forest green set of curtains, dark mahogany wood and a light cream paint erased all signs that she was in the Gryffindor tower, which didn't bother Maia at all. The sheets were the same forest green as the curtains as was the plush armchair that sat next to a fireplace and a window that overlooked the forbidden forest. It seemed that the castle had given her the most perfect space in which she could forget about her past and her mission in 1976. She noticed two fabric backpacks and a letter addressed to Maia Germain at the foot of her double bed. Inside the bags was an assortment of clothing that she recognised as worn by many nymphs. Light, rather revealing and decorated with vines, plants and other adornments. They must have been supplied for her cover. She also found a selection of books on wandless magic for magical creatures and all of those that she would need for her lessons. She opened the letter to find a simple message from Dumbledore explaining that she would need to dress as a nymph would during weekends so as to solidify her cover. It also contained a wish for good luck as she began her studies. Luckily for Dumbledore, it was a Friday so she would begin to wear her clothing upon waking in the morning. Maia changed out of the uniform Dumbledore had supplied her with and pulled on Draco's old quidditch shirt, which had been in her beaded bag, an item she was most glad for having. It reminded her of the nights they would spend curled up together in the room of requirement, whispering promises of love to each other into the early hours of the morning. During her sixth year, Draco had been her rock and she had been his confidant. She never judged him for his impossible task and he never lied and never held anything back. The time she sent with him had seemed like a scene in a book, perfect and utterly unforgettable. As she breathed in his scent, she began to feel homesick, wishing he was with her to keep her from falling to pieces as she did what many had called the impossible. To change the course of time completely. Maia cried and cried, curled up atop her new bed, it being a perfect replica of the one the room of requirement had supplied. She didn't want to sleep under the covers, knowing that when she'd wake, Draco wouldn't be there dropping lazy kisses across her skin. She was finally dragged into a fitful sleep, though it was sleep nonetheless.