Albus muttered. Scorpius nodded his head swiftly. He was extremely aware that almost every eye was staring at him. Right when the Hat was put on his head, he heard a small voice talking in his head. " A Malfoy... Hm, you certainly have all the qualities of a Slytherin, just like your father. You also have Hufflepuff's incredibly kind heart, Ravenclaw's outstanding wit, and Gryffindor's exceptional bravery. But, wait. What's there? Oh, can it be...? Well, I think I'll just put you in GRYFFINDOR!" "Oh, wow, the first Malfoy ever to be in Gryffindor," Scorpius heard James Potter mumbled when he walked passed him. Scorpius ignored him and sat beside Frank. He was staring at the enchanted ceiling above him absentmindedly for quite sometime when when he heard Slughorn said called out for Albus' name. Scorpius prayed so hard to the Big Guy up there, even if he wasn't really familiar with them term God, that Albus would be in Gryffindor. Just like Scorpius, almost everyone was staring at Albus when his name was called. This time, every single one on the staff table sat straighter, and watched the boy very closely. As soon as the Hat touched his head, Albus heard its voice talking to him in his head. " Ooh, Harry Potter's son! I still remember when I sorted your father all those years ago. I told him that he'd do good in Slytherin, but he wanted to be in Gryffindor, so I put him there. Anyway, let's see what you've got... Hm, you are totally a carbon copy of your father. But, since you are probably against my suggestion, you better be in GRYFFINDOR!" Practically everyone in the Gryffindor table cheered loudly upon hearing the Sorting Hat's decision. Albus, with a wide grin on his face, went to sit between Scorpius and Frank. When Rose's name was called after Bill's daughter Dominique ("GRYFFINDOR!"), it was Hermione's turn to go all tense. Scorpius watched the young girl got on the stage, refusing to meet her mother's calm gaze as she plopped herself on the stool, fidgeting as she waited for the Hat rest on her head. "GRYFFINDOR!" the Sorting Hat shouted almost immediately. Rose smiled so wide in happiness it was like she was glowing. She ran as fast as she could toward her family, ending up sitting beside her cousin Dominique. The Sorting ended shortly after Leonard was Sorted into Gryffindor, making him the second after Scorpius to break their centuries-long family tradition. McGonagall then gave a little welcome speech, warning the old students about not going to the Forbidden Forest, and not to prank each other using the products of Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. When McGonagall was finished delivering her speech, they all fed themselves full with the delicious food the House-Elves served them. They were finished with dinner and the Gryffindor Prefects led them to the Gryffindor Common Room. Scorpius managed to send a flirtatious wink in Rose's direction, and the girl waved her middle finger at him. Dominique and Albus chuckled faintly, silently complimented Scorpius for his bravery against Rose, when everyone in the family feared Rose's wrath almost as much as they feared Hermione's and Ginny's (though nowhere as much as everyone feared the infamous Molly Weasley's wrath). Before sleep brought Scorpius to unconsciousness, he thought about how great his school years would be. "How was the Sorting, Minerva?" Albus Dumbledore's portrait asked his former Deputy once she was back in her chamber. McGonagall shrugged, taking a seat on the chair that Dumbledore used to sit on all those years ago. "It went smoothly. And do you know who got into Gryffindor?" McGonagall said. "Well, I wouldn't know if you haven't told me." "Albus Potter, Scorpius Malfoy, Leonard Zabini, Frank Longbottom, Rose Weasley, Dominique Weasley, and Lee Jordan's twin girls whom I forgot their names." Dumbledore's eye brow shot high in his forehead. "Why do I have the sudden feeling of familiarity?" "That's because history is going to repeat itself in Gryffindor!" McGonagall spat. "What do you mean by that?" Armando Dippet quipped, couldn't help himself with his curiousity. McGonagall sighed. "Albus Potter, even though he's not much of a trouble-maker as his brother and grandfather are known for, I still have a feeling he's his father's tendency to get into trouble. And I just found out he has befriended Scorpius Malfoy!" McGonagall exclaimed, waving her hands wildly in frustration. "Well, isn't that good?" Dippe quipped. "At least they're friends unlike their fathers were. Isn't it a good thing?" "No, it's not," McGonagall sighed again. "Draco Malfoy's told me everything about his son mischievous attitude; something that, according to Narcissa, is actually so much like Draco if the boy wasn't corrupted by Lucius since young age. And young Mr Malfoy is friends withs his father's best friend's son, Blaise Zabini. You all know how Malfoy senior and Zabini always brought trouble whenever they walked; much like Potter and Weasley, and – " "James Potter senior and his loyal dog Sirius Black," a voice spat. McGonagall knew it was Severus Snape's voice without needing to look. "Language, Severus," Dumbledore said, now grinning. "And do you know what's worse?" McGOnagall said, feeling like she was about to explode. "No," all the ex-Headmasters in the portraits answered. " Frank Longbottom junior joins the gang! And Neville tells me countless time that Frank junior is nothing like him or his wife Hannah, which means our little Frank is like – " " – Frank Longbottom senior," Snape muttered, sounding almost scared. He remembered how his senior and Molly Weasley's twin brothers often teamed up to help the Marauders to prank him and the other Slytherins. "Well, Minerva..." Dumbledore said, grinning as his eyes lit up mischievously. "You know exacly what this means." "I know it, Albus," McGonagall snapped, scowling. "What does it mean?" Dilys Derwent asked. Snape groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose before answering the question, dread filled him. "We've got ourselves the new Marauders."