the process, he had been destroying horcruxes having been given the memory of one Horace Slughorn, and realizing what Voldemort had done. He had created six of these items and Dumbledore destroyed them but one ring was cursed to the touch and infected him with a poison with no cure. It slowly spread to his heart and after the end of the war he died. Now Severus is Headmaster." He finished. "Poor Dumbledore, it seems that fate did not see fit to spare him in either timeline." Hermione muttered. "Now I'm sure you are eager to hear about your social upbringing and your life to date." The wizard mentioned. "And I'm eager to inform her," replied Sirius from where he perched in the doorway. Regulars nodded and retreated. "Well kitten, what say you?" "Harry, Ron, Ginny, Neville, Luna, Remus, Tonks, Kinsley?" The witch began listing off the names and Sirius chuckled. "I'm surprised you think them your only friends, but fine, all fine. Harry Potter is my godson, he was prophesied to have been able to defeat the dark lord if all else failed but as forewarned I never trusted Pettigrew after that and I became the secret keeper for the Potter's and went into his myself so Voldemort was never able to locate him, though he tried. The Potter's all live a quiet but happy life in Godric's Hallow." "You mean James and Lily are still alive?" Hermione cried, overjoyed that her dearest friend had his parents. "Very much so. As for the Weasley Clan, they are always around, Ron and you dated for a time in school and it didn't end well, you just were not compatible and different houses made it difficult to stay real close. You are pretty tight with the twins though. Luna despite being a bit odd is a very close friend of yours as is Draco Malfoy, Theo Mott and Pansy Parkinson, they grew up with you and each offer something different in your friendship. Neville, is a little lost boy and you took him under your wing but aside from being a mentor to the lad you're not real close. Nymphadora, boy do I love calling her that, is well she is an auror and stationed right now on a project in France. Mooney is good, he finally got married to another werewolf and they bought some property in Buckinghamshire where there are some woods nearby. They live a mostly quite country life and they have a three year old daughter." "As for Regulus and I, we knew from the moment you came back in time that you were the girl for us and have since been fighting over you. When you were brought home by Snivilus all those years ago, we struck a bargain. We would each offer you our love and devotion and ask you to marry one of us, but we wouldn't fight any longer over you since we knew you needed us both to depend on. And when you chose we would be content to live as your friend and brother as a bachelor. Severus agreed and made up a bethrothal contract, allowing you the choice between us but that you would not be we'd until after graduating." "So I'm betrothed to one of you?" "Hermione, as of right now you are promised to one of the Black brothers but there is no name attached to make it an actual binding. We have both loved you since we laid eyes on you." He replied honestly. "Okay, this is all a lot to wrap my head around. Can I have some time alone please?" She asked. "Of course, kitten. Take as long as you need, we will be downstairs in the kitchen if you need us." Sirius said and closed the door as he left the room. Hermione laid on her side and closed her eyes allowing herself to think. While Hermione was upstairs, curled into the nest of pillows and blankets she had made for herself in Sirus's bed, the gentlemen were in the kitchen of the narrow home. "We haven't even told her the worst of it yet." Regulars insisted in a quiet tone. "We shouldn't reveal too much at once, the truth could hurt her more than help her." Sirius voiced. "Loath I to admit it," drawled Severus "but the dog is right. Hermione can't find out that since the war a new darkness has risen and that she has taken control of the ministry." "The girl was fighting in a war when she came back for us." Regulus argued. "Its not like she wouldn't be able to handle it." "Yes but Reg," Sirius calmly pointed out "Its a bit different when you are fighting for your friends, and another thing when you are the one being targeted. We don't yet know how that knowledge would be received. Hermione Snape was dealing with it, but we don't really know this Hermione Granger, no matter how closely she resembles our girl." "I don't like it." His brother hissed. "None of us likes it. But the truth is what it is..." Severus was cut off mid sentence bwhen his dark mark began to burn violently. "The lady is calling and she can't know I was here, I'm already low in her favor since Hermione is my ward. I will keep in touch but don't be surprised if the messages go through Draco." "Long live the order." Commented Sirius. "We'll keep her safe Snape." He said. One reluctant nod of the head and a billowing of robes later Severus disaparated. "Now Regulus, don't be telling Hermione anything about this. We have to let the truth unfold gradually, and today the girl has learned enough." "Yeah, but what is she going to say when she finds out she can't leave this hellhole?" Remarked the younger Black sibling. Before Sirius had a chance to reply he stormed out of the room and towards the library to pursue his love of books.