ask what the joke had been. "Frank is still gone?" he inquired, sitting down on the same seat as his friend with the mused hair and glasses. "I would be too if I had a permanent snogging partner!" Sirius Black replied, arms folded on positioned on the opposite bench along with the shortest wizard of the four. "They're called 'girlfriends', Padfoot. I know you're allergic to the name, but if you say it enough times I'm sure you'll start to get over it!" James Potter quipped, grinning, arms behind his head. Remus found himself laughing along with Peter Pettigrew. "You mean they really do exist?" Sirius answered in mock awe. There was more laughter. "So! Moony! How is Evans doing?" James wondered, turning to Remus and changing the subject. He usually questioned Remus about Lily since he was the only Marauder she'd willingly talk to, unless it was to insult, deny or scold. "She's all right. I asked her about her summer… she's still upset about the Snape thing," he informed. James gave a slight frown. "Right," he noted, sounding a bit put out. "When is she going to get over it? We did her a favor." Sirius remarked. Remus looked at him incredulously then responded: "It happened last week, not a year ago! She's not going to get over it like that. And you attacked Severus Snape, who was her friend!" "Don't remind me." James darkly stated, brows furrowed. "Yes, a friend who called her a Mudblood, thereby finally letting her see his true, slimy self! We opened her eyes—that's a favor," contended Sirius. "This is true," his best friend added, brightening up once again. "So you don't care that you attacked him out of boredom?" Remus dryly asked. Sirius, arms folded, swayed with the motion of the train and shrugged. "It's Snivellus," he simply said. "All right, why are we wasting our precious breath on him? Enough! I think we can all agree he's a waste of life," interjected James. Peter sniggered but the Lupin boy said reflectively: "I just think statements like that are the reason Lily isn't very fond of you." James looked at him, mouth slightly ajar. He then closed it and furrowed his brow, fuming morosely. Sirius glanced at him. "Moony, you are ruining the mood in here! We do not need a guilt trip right now—the term is over!" Sirius admonished. "Sorry," he grumbled, looking away. There was silence. "Well… w-we can look forward to James' place next month! Snape free! Just the Marauders." Peter told them looking from one to the other, trying to make them feel better. "He speaks the truth. And since Mr. and Mrs. Potter just adore us, we can get away with practically anything!" Sirius answered, grinning. "Devising wonderful new plans to leave the Marauder signature all around Hogwarts, for Filch to sort out!" James added, smiling wickedly. Remus found a smile twitching his lips despite himself. "And maybe we can practice perfecting our new found… skills, more. Privately, of course! I'm still having a bit of trouble." Peter thoughtfully noted. He was referring to the boys' achievement of successfully becoming Animagi that school year. "You're a rat , Wormtail. Is it so difficult?" Sirius remarked. The door of the compartment then slid open and in walked Frank Longbottom, their fifth dorm mate. He was tall and lean with light brown hair that was always combed back, and currently had a wide grin plastered on his face. "Back already Frank?" James questioned happily. "Yes, well, Alice and I had a great time talking, but we thought it'd be best to get back," he replied, sitting down. Sirius snorted loudly. "Talking. Right ," he said. "Wish I could 'talk' with Evans." James noted. His friends laughed. In a short matter of time, the Hogwarts Express had pulled into the station and all of the young witches and wizards departed from it with their belongings. They said their goodbyes to one another with promises of letters and visits before leaving with their families to begin the start of summer. "Like I said Lily—I'll ask my parents about having you and Marlene over so you're not dying all holiday!," Dorcas said as the two hugged quickly, "And I'll write of course!" "Thanks. I'll really need it this summer!" the red head stated, hugging Marlene next. They had already said their farewells to Mary, who was already gone, and Alice, who was saying goodbye to her boyfriend. "Take care for now Lily!" Marlene instructed. "See you!" Lily waved as her two friends walked to their nearby families and she prepared to turn to hers. In the next moment, Lily's eyes had accidentally locked with someone else's close by: a wizard with black hair. His best friend was right beside him babbling away, they appeared to have just departed from their other friends, and they were en route to greeting an older, married wizarding couple. When James felt Lily return the gaze and saw her looking at him, an excited grin broke across his face. He winked at her. Lily, realizing she was making eye contact with James Potter, felt an unpleasant jolt. She glowered at him pointedly before turning sharply on her heel towards her parents. As Mr. and Mrs. Evans engulfed their daughter with hugs, kisses and hellos, Lily noticed that her sister Petunia was absent once more. (She had not been there at the beginning of fifth year to see her sister off either). Lily should have expected this, and did, but there was still a small part of her that was wistful for the relationship they once had to return. Consequently, what she did not notice was a sullen Severus Snape being led away by his mother a few yards off. He glanced at Lily once before preparing to disappear into the other side of the platform. A/N: First chapter down! Score. Maybe I'll post the second sooner than a week, as a treat…. Reviews are always welcomed gladly!