to stop the tears that returned and flowed down his grime-covered face or try to crack any jokes when she got her energy back enough to crawl over to Fred's body. Another cry of complete and utter anguish was wracked from her small body. He wasn't Fred anymore. He was just another dead body, like so many others in the Hall. Her fingers went to his hair, the once Weasley red now drenched in blood. His blood. Because he was gone. Fred was gone. When she finally escaped the hall in favour of the grounds, she promptly lost all of the food that was in her system as George rubbed her back. "Hermione?" he had asked, but she had never replied. She had just left him there, and she hadn't spoken more than a handful of kind words to him since. He reminded her too much of what she couldn't have. "Hermione!" a voice called out to her again. She forced her eyes open and was ready to see the dead blue that haunted the insides of her eyelids, but instead came to face two very green, very concerned eyes staring back at her. "Hermione," Harry sighed, "Thank God you're okay. When we heard you screaming we all thought you were being tortured again. Were you dreaming of the hall again?" She suddenly realised where she was. She was back in Hogwarts, after the war. It was all over. But Fred was still gone. Gone. Hermione's mind told her to nod, so she did. Her neck sparked with a intense pain that wasn't there before. At least her breathing was back to normal, she sighed at the one positive outcome. She wouldn't have to deal with the panic attacks that left her open to the nightmares of Hell. She felt as if Lucifer himself planted them in her mind everytime her closed her eyes. But she was okay now. Harry was here. He would keep them away from her. And in return she could save them all. She would save them, but she needed Harry. She would keep them safe, and he would keep her safe. Although, she felt a little guilty over what was going to ask Harry to do. They would be saving them, but they would also be erasing themselves from their lives at the same time. "Harry," she finally sighed. "Yeah, it's me, 'Mione." she could hear the worry in is voice. She wished he didn't worry so much about her. "Where're the others?" "I sent them away. Come on," Harry replied softly, as if talking to a wounded animal, "you're going to bed now." Arms pulled her from the chair and she suddenly felt very lethargic at the mention of bed. Her eyes didn't want to stay open, and she didn't want them to either. Like all those times when one of them had nightmares, the other stayed in their bed for the night. There was nothing more than platonic love between them and Ginny was more than glad to be without her boyfriend for the night if it meant Hermione wouldn't be screaming as if she was dying again. Listening to it was enough to break your own heart, Ginny thought. She couldn't imagine what it was about or the pain Hermione must be feeling to create such a noise. It must be Hell, she concluded. Hermione didn't have another nightmare that night but she chalked it up to Harry feeding her a dreamless sleep potion some time during her post-nightmare-ish haze. In his sleep his arm had traveled up from beside him to lay a protective hand on her shoulder. When she woke up she found it endearing, but now that she wanted him to wake up, it quickly became annoying. "Harry, wake up you git!" she whisper-yelled, not wanting to wake up anyone else in the dorm room. The sleeping man jolted awake after another poke in the side, his emerald eyes blinking open. When he caught sight of her a smile erupted on his face. "Hermione, you look much better!" Hermoine sushed him before flicking her curtains closed around them and muttering a silencing spell, "Silencio!" "In my defense it's not usually as bad as it was yesterday. Just something Dumbledore said triggered memories of F- fighting in the war. Nothing else," even in death she nor George had told the others of the the Prankster who fell in love with a bookworm, "I need to ask you something, okay?" "Anything, Hermione. You know I would do anything for you." "You're going to regret saying that," and so Hermione told Harry the outline of what Dumbledore said. She never mentioned the relation between her and the Peverells; he didn't need anymore stress, Hermione told herself to explain her reasoning, but knew deep down that it was because there was something uneasy about sharing something she didn't quite understand. The tantrum that Hermione had anticipated didn't come. Instead there was a horribly mature understanding in Harry's eyes and firm resolution in his voice as he agreed to go with her, into the past. She was half glad he didn't explode into a fit of indignant rage towards Dumbledore for making her put herself into such danger, but also half sad that the foolish and brash side of Harry Potter was gone. Going through a war, with yourself destined to be its martyr, can do things to a person. After he had acquiesced to her wish that he come with her, he left Hermione at the doors to the Great Hall to prepare himself and his things for the coming Friday. Both young adults oblivious to the watchful eyes and cunning ears that had followed them from the Gryffindor Tower, hearing their whole conversation about time travel and the possibilities that might occur after the happenings on the following Friday. Not one plan, but two was devised that day. A/N: The quote translates to "I believe I am in Hell, therefore I am."