had ever seen. Remus gave a huff and groaned lowly in his throat. "What do you want?" He spat venomously, his eyes shooting daggers at them both. "What is your problem? Why do you watch Shea so much?" Kyile asked, hands coming over his chest. Remus groaned and rolled his eyes. "Tell me! how frustrating is it to ask a question you'll never know the answer to?" Remus smirked. Kelsi walked forward and grabbed her wand from her pocket. She pointed it to his throat. "I will kill you. Here and now. And nobody will care!" She whispered darkly in his ear, pushing the tip of her wand deeper into his skin. Remus gave a jolt, hearing those made him shift uncomfortably. Remus sat down, placed his back against the window that stood on the right side. "Fine!" He spat. Kelsi stood a little away, Kyile next to her. Remus glanced up at them and the small sneer fading slowly. "Shea's my blood singer." He whispered slowly, his eyes growing darker. "And she's marrying that good for nothing Slytherin, Black!" He started to get aggressive. Remus ran his hands through his neat cut strawberry blonde locks. Kelsi shrugged in confusion. "Blood singer... As in you're a Vampire?" She asked slowly. Remus glanced up at her and softly nodded his head slowly. Kyile stepped back, one step, barley noticeable. Kelsi touched the side of his face, wrenching his eyes to look at her. " You can be friends, it does happen. I know it does! I've read and I've seen it! You don't have to marry the girl to love her! I mean, I know these too people. Just alike yet so different. Both love one another and yet they chose to stay friends, they have been for five years" Kelsi explained. Remus glanced up at her, a mix of relief and happiness streaked in the sadness of his eyes. She gave him her hand, which he took. Remus pulled himself up, using Kelsi as an anchor not to lose his balance. Kyile tapped him on the back playfully and grinned as the three walked out of his tiny hiding place back to the grounds of Hogwarts. As they said there goodbye's Kelsi got a strange feeling of Remembrance. Her head began to spin and she felt as if about to fall from the earth. She took a seat on the floor and closed her eyes. She could feel it all happening. Her memories of her time solely fading. Changing into the ones that she would have had here. She shook her head, trying to make it stop, but it was impossible. Her eyes fluttered open and she looked up at Kyile who stared down at her strangely. "Are you okay?" Kyile asked, placing a hand on the high of her back. She shook her head violently. "No... I think I might be forgetting!" She told him. Kyile dropped his hand and gazed around, thinking strongly on the new point that had come up. He took a deep breath and smiled at her. "Let's go to the library and tried to find out what had happened! This must be some form of magic!" Kyile tried to lighten her mood but she felt the memories of them all slowly disappearing. Kelsi gave him a smile and nodded quickly, taking any chance to get better and get her home. Kyile helped her to her feet and carried her all the way to the Library. Hardly anyone sat there, just a few people and a few ghosts, floated about here and there. They went through thousands of books and even managed to sneak into the Restricted Section until they landed on one book in particular. ...Noramal Reality... When the four returned, James and Zara were empty handed but Kyra and Remus held a book in their hands. Shea felt a small shred of hope fall over the darkness of these times as they opened it and found the spell that could possibly bring them back. James stared at Shea and gave her a look of reassurance, she smiled a little at him. Zara grabbed hold of James's hand, he took hold of Remus's, Sirius took hold of Shea's and Remus's while James connected Kyile and Kelsi and took hold of Kyile's. While Shea grabbed hold of Kelsi's. She took a deep breath and felt the word spill out of her mouth. "The one's we lost in time. The one's we fear will not return Come back into our light. Don't make the fire burn. Bring them back to us. Bring them back to them. Bring back our dearest friends" They all spouted in unison. James felt his hand slip and it lost contact with Kyile's for one second and in that second it was over. ... Alternate Reality... Kelsi froze suddenly, her eyes fell shut and it was like she was being lifted from the earth by an invisible force. She took a deep breath and let it take her where ever it wanted. ... Normal Reality... Kelsi's eye's shot open. And Shea broke the connection to pull her into a hug. She gave a small smile as she did and Kelsi was relieved to be back. She threw her arms around her friend and turned to Kyile to hug him. But he didn't wake. Kelsi froze as well as Shea and the rest followed as soon as they realised what had happened. Shea held her hand over her mouth and tears seeped through her eyes as she looked at the lifeless boy in front of them. "Kyile?!" Kelsi asked, shaking his body. Shea fell to her knee's next to him and felt the pang in her heart. She knew this was her fault. Kelsi threw herself onto his chest and cried into his shirt. McGonagall stormed in, her eyes falling on Kyile first of all and them the fear stricken Shea. She knew, that in that moment, she knew exactly what had happened.