mouth while I punish you unless I tell you or you'll get more slaps," he told Harry, who was trembling. "How many slaps? Ten? I need you to control yourself, I don't want people thinking that I'm married to a fucking prostitute. Count the slaps, Harry, be a good boy, okay?" Lucius slapped him, "Two!" his boys shouted. Lucius laughed, his hand on Harry's back, "Two!? What, you thought that the first one I gave you counts? Let's start again." Lucius slapped him again, "One," Harry said between gasps. Lucius could feel Harry's dick grow against his strong thighs and he hadn't even started. He then hit him harder, "Two!" Harry shouted. Three more slaps fell on his left cheek, "Threefourfive!" he moaned. His ass was starting to redden, "Merlin, Harry, you should see your ass right now. So beautiful. You're behaving really well." "Thank you, Ma," but Lucius didn't let him and slapped him again twice, "Six, seven!" Harry gasped when he realized what was going on. Lucius then grabbed the paddle they had in the nightstand, making sure that Harry knew what was going to happen. The boy trembled again, whether of fear or excitement, Lucius did not know. Lucius opened Harry's ass so that his beautiful rosebud was there for him to see. Harry started sobbing, the most painful thing was when Lucius beat his asshole with the paddle. Lucius hit him hard twice, making the boy arch his back each time. Harry didn't scream, although he wanted. He knew it'd be worse. Lucius hit him again, harder than ever, Harry's anus' ending nerves destroyed. The boy was crying in silence. Lucius placed his hands under his armpits and moved him until he was sitting on his knees, looking at him. "Master…" Harry said between sobs. "Shh… It's fine. You've been so good," Lucius placed his lover's head against his bare chest, "I'm pretty sure you've learnt the lesson now, haven't you?" Harry nodded against his chest, still crying, "Look at me, Harry," Harry did as he was told and Lucius smiled at him, cleaning his tears, "You want what I promised you yesterday? You deserve it. Such a good boys deserves a prize. Do you want it?" Harry nodded again, now eager, his dick fully erect. Lucius took his wand from the nightstand and magically handcuffed Harry, making the boy moan. He had his arms behind his back, and he fell to the bed due to the loss of equilibrium. He then was blindfolded, which aroused him even more. He loved not knowing what could happen. "Good boy," Lucius said. Harry was in a position that didn't let him move properly, his pale body against the black bed, and Lucius decided to leave him there while he positioned himself between his lover's legs. He slapped Harry again, making the boy purr, "Who loves his Master?" Lucius asked, "Me, Master," the boy moaned. "And who is gonna let Masrer destroy his cunt?" Lucius asked again, opening Harry's cheeks, "Me, Master," Harry repeated, eager. "Do you want me to rim you before I fuck you, Harry?" "Yes, please." "Do you? Well, then you're not getting that," Lucius said, laughing. Harry moved his head, trying to guess what was going to happen. Lucius held Harry's hip with one hand, and with the other he grabbed some of his hair, moving the boy until he didn't have his head against the bed anymore. Lucius took the plug Harry had had inside all night and licked it. Delicious, of course. He started fucking him fast and rough, the way Harry liked it. His balls hit Harry's perineum and his huge dick entered the boy's hairless hole again and again. "Do you want me to touch your prostate with my dick?" Lucius asked. Harry knew what would happening. If he said 'yes', Lucius wouldn't touch his prostate at all, only using him for his own pleasure. "No, Master," he replied. "Ok, then, whatever you desire. I won't touch it," he laughed and increased the speed. In that moment the door inside the room opened, a rather shocked Draco Malfoy coming in. Lucius didn't even bother to stop. "This must be a joke," Draco sighed. "Hey, Draco! Enjoying the show?" His father asked him, increasing the speed. Harry was in pain now, he felt the dick drilling him but no pleasure came out form that. "Wha- what's happening?" Harry asked. "Shut up, I haven't given you permission to talk!" Lucius shouted, smacking him. Draco could not believe what he was seeing, so he decided to just leave. He'd talk with his father later. Draco opened the main door, hands in the air while he rolled his eyes. "For Merlin's sake, Father! I'm so fed up, have some control!" The boy said. "Which of us are you talking to?" Lucius shouted. Draco saw Inky waiting outside, she'd probably been summoned to bring breakfast to his father's chamber. Draco just ignored her and left, walking down the wide corridor. Meanwhile, Lucius Malfoy reached orgasm, cumming inside his lover. "Fuck, you're so good, Harry," he gasped and laughed, pushing Harry against the mattress and lying on top of him. He took the blindfold and the handcuffs off. Harry turned around and kissed him on the lips, "Hmmm… how can I be so lucky?" he said. Lucius moved on the bed next to him, and Harry curled up and placed his head against the older man's heart. He loved post-shag Lucius: the way he panted, his sweaty chest and his sweaty hair, how happy he was, "I ask myself that same question everyday when we wake up, darling," Lucius replied, a smile in his face. Lucius cuddled him again, caressing his hair, "You're so gorgeous, Harry. And you're mine." "I love you, Lucius," Harry said, kissing him on his cheek. He knew he could say his name even if they were in bed, they were now in a romantic mood. "I love you, Harry," the man replied.