and Lily dragged him off as James and Albus wound their way through the throngs of witches and wizards to find the Quidditch Emporium where Philip and his family would be. The Quidditch Emporium was a magical place. The latest racing broomsticks lined the walls, flags, banners and t-shirts in the colours of various teams were piled on tables and draped all around the shop, a serious-looking man known for his stint as the coach of the Kenmare Kestrels polished a glass display box full of Golden snitches which buzzed around inside like tiny yellow hummingbirds. James and Albus had to restrain themselves from wandering and drooling all over the shop's inventory. There would be time to wander through the shop later, right now they were on a mission. Albus needed to see Philip again and make sure that they were still friends and they also needed to make peace with his older brother, their Quidditch Captain, Rangi. A kindly old lady stood behind the counter and she glanced at them over her spectacles as they approached. "Can I help you?" She asked politely. "Yes, em, I'm looking for Phil-" "Oh!" She exclaimed, "You're Philip's friend! Albus, of course, he's told me all about you." She fussed as Albus felt his face grow hot. She called up the stairs behind her as James murmured, "I'll let you talk to Philip for a minute before we go and see Rangi, I'll just be looking around…" He trailed off, eyes roaming all over the store. Albus allowed his brother to wander off. He didn't much want him hovering over him for this conversation anyway. "Albus!" Philip had appeared on the stairs. He ran down and squeezed out from behind the counter where boxes full of extra products were stacked precariously. "I'm glad you're here." He said as Albus felt himself fill with relief, "How did your exams go?" "Better than expected," Albus replied, smiling at how natural everything felt. "Oh good, Hogwarts isn't the same without you." Philip beamed. "Yeah, listen, I'm really sorry about – everything, I guess." Albus admitted, Philip's Granny was trying to look busy but Albus could tell she was straining to listen in. "Forget it." Philip said quickly, putting a hand on Albus's arm and leading him away a few paces, obviously conscious of the same thing, "I know you were trying to help Rose." "Even still, I'm sorry." Albus repeated, unable to look Philip in the eye. Philip shook his head, "How is Rose?" He asked. "Still in Mungo's," Albus told him, "But she's improving, steadily." Philip smiled, "She's not going to risk missing the first day of school is she?" Albus laughed, "Teddy says she's already reading our new text books." Teddy was training to be a Healer at the hospital. "You're going to have to fill us in on everything that happened while we were gone." Albus told him, feeling relaxed again. James wandered over looking a little dazed. "Funny enough, not a lot did happen without you." Philip laughed. This seemed typical to Albus, wherever he went, trouble seemed to follow – or maybe it was wherever James went. Either way, he always seemed to be caught up in the middle of it. Philip and had probably had a lovely relaxing few months without them around. "However," Philip continued, his voice dipping into a more serious tone, "We did lose the Quidditch Cup, rather spectacularly, without you." Albus's stomach plummeted. "I'm not really sure how Rangi's going to react to you being here." He warned. "Better to get it over with now than wait till Hogwarts…" James muttered. Philip nodded in agreement, "Follow me." He said, and led them behind the counter and up the stairs into the proprietors' home. A/N: Hey everybody, so first of all, I really hope you enjoyed this first little taste of the new book and got a nice little catch up on where everybody is and what's been happening. Please review and let me know what you think. Just a few formalities though - I still don't own the rights to Harry Potter. This novel is written for fans by a fan and there's no profit or intended infringement involved. Also, as far as keeping Canon goes, I began this series after reading the books but before all this online extra info was published so, anything that you read in Harry Potter should be true to this (and if I slip up, let me know) but I can't keep changing things whenever more info is released so outside of that I take creative liberty. There are no major plot-related changes but you can expect changes in James and Albus' extended family and their careers. For example, I mentioned above that Teddy (in my books) is training to become a Healer, I chose this because I see Teddy as a very caring person who seeks to help others in pain - but if JK Rowling posts tomorrow that Teddy actually becomes a Curse Breaker or something, well then that's just a variation that you and I will have to accept. Changes have been made to the families of George, Percy, Charlie, Draco, Bill etc. but some won't be relevent or even mentioned and where they are, I'll be my best to make them clear and you do your best to go along with them. Deal? Phew, that was long winded. To finish up, I just want to say that I'm sorry my predicted release date was two weeks off. There were some complications both with the story (like the fact that I couldn't come up with a title for AGES) and with technicalities (I had no internet for a bit) - the point is, to make up for it I have this first chapter up on the anniversary of the first chapter of The Serpent's Tongue AND I'm gonna have Chapter 2 ready for you, this weekend ! So let's be excited for that! Peace out people, ASG