and I completely understand that you don't trust me right now. But, please, I need you to tell me what's upset you so much." Harry knew there was no escaping this. He bit his lip and pulled out the yearbook that Fred and George had given him. It was rightfully Sirius' and he had meant to return it. But, he couldn't bring himself to give it back. Reluctantly, he handed it to his godfather. "Where did you find this, kiddo?" The man didn't sound angry or accusatory but Harry was a little wary all the same. His back was still slightly sore from his 'welcome back present' from the Dursleys. While he was convinced that Sirius was different, one could never be too careful. "Fred and George found it. They gave it to me today." Sirius hummed in response and opened the book. A minute passed in complete silence. Harry couldn't take it anymore. "Sirius, am I a replacement?" The question slipped out before he could stop himself. Sirius' hands stilled and he looked up at his godson. The odd question greatly confused him. He looked the boy in the eyes and was astounded by the amount of pain in them. He looked like he was ready to burst into tears any second. That's when his suspicions were confirmed. Whatever was bothering the lad was clearly much bigger than just a stomachache. "What do you mean, pup?" Harry swallowed before answering. "Did you... did you ask me to come and live with you because... I remind you of James Potter? That if I stay with you, you'll miss him less?" Harry didn't know where the courage to say all this was coming from. "Does it feel like you've got your best friend back? Is that why you like me?" He couldn't go any further. The lump in his throat was too large for him to continue. The last thing he wanted was to burst into tears in front of the man. Now that his initial courage had faded away, he cursed himself for being so stupid. He shouldn't have opened his mouth. Involuntarily, he tightened his grip on the comforter and scooted back against the pillows, like he wanted to protect his back. "Pup?" Sirius' voice sounded shocked even to his own ears. But how else was he supposed to feel? Did Harry actually think that he was just a substitute in place of his father? Had he done something over the last few days to give his pup such an impression? He reached out, gently squeezed Harry's hand and tried to ignore the flinch. "Look at me, Harry." When the boy looked up, his green eyes were glistening with unshed tears. "Before I say anything else, I want you to engrave something into your head. You. Are. Not. A. Replacement. Please, I need you to understand that very clearly." Sirius waited for Harry to nod before continuing. "When I held you for the first time, the day you were born, all I saw was you. Tiny and swaddled up. When you grasped my finger the very first time, I swore I'd protect you at all costs. My baby godson, that's why I came. You're my pup." "Twelve years later, when I caught a glimpse of you waiting for the Knight Bus, I saw you, not James. At the Whomping Willow, when I offered you to come and live with me, I made that offer because you are my godson, love. Your resemblance to James had nothing to do with it. True, you are my best friend's son but you're also my godson." "You are my godson, Harry and I love you." All this while, Harry had kept quiet. He stared at his godfather and saw nothing but sincerity and love in the man's eyes. He lunged forward and threw his arms around Sirius' neck. "I'm such an idiot," he mumbled. Sirius hugged him back immediately and gently ran one hand through his hair. "Well, you are a little thick skulled, pup. I won't deny that." Harry laughed, feeling loads better already. "But seriously, kiddo, it doesn't matter how the rest of the world looks at you. For me, you're Harry, my godson and that's that. Just remember, I've got you now. Alright?" Harry pulled away and nodded, no longer feeling miserable. "The next time there's something bothering you, anything at all, I want you to come and talk to me about it. It can be the most idiotic, insignificant, silly little thing ever but nonetheless, it'll make me feel better if I know that you will talk about it. Okay?" That was the second time the man had said those words. After a moment's hesitation, Harry nodded. He could try and do that. No more hiding or lying. Most of all, he felt reassured. He wasn't a replacement. "Feeling better?" Harry knew that his godfather wasn't inquiring about just his stomach. "Loads," he replied. "Great. Now, why don't you go back to sleep? The potion will work its magic and you'll be all fine by tomorrow." Yawning widely, Harry nodded and shifted into a sleeping position. Sirius ruffled his hair and drew the comforter over him. "Sleep tight, pup." "G'night, Sirius," Harry yawned again. That night, the boy made up his mind that one day, he would tell his godfather everything. The man genuinely cared and he wasn't about to let that go. He could almost hear Sirius' voice in his head. "I've got you now, pup. I love you." If only he knew that the voice was very real, standing against his doorframe. Sirius smiled fondly at the child who was comfortably snuggled up. If anyone so much as dared to lay a finger on his pup, he, Sirius Black would tear them apart. That was a promise. I have been wanting to write this for quite some time but didn't have the time. Please feel free to leave reviews and tell me what you think of it.