doubt. Bill slides his hands under Ginny, lifting her up into his arms. Despite a few sleepy complaints, Ginny seems to bury into him, her face turned into his neck. "Merlin," Bill mutters, his arms pulling her closer. "I remember when she was barely a wisp of a thing. And now, here we are." "Yeah," Harry says, for lack of anything else to say. "Grab the potion, will you?" Bill says as he heads for the door, as if Harry coming with him is a given. "Sure," Harry says, scooping it up and following them out into the hall. His Auror is waiting there, still looking cross and put out. It occurs to Harry that there are probably a million more important things he could be doing than trailing after him. They're just nearing the Apparition point when Ginny mumbles, "Harry?" "He's still here, Gin," Bill says, voice amused. They've barely gone any further down the hall when Ginny says, "Harry?" again. Bill stops, letting Harry get where Ginny can see him. "Yeah?" She squints at him as if trying to make him out. "You really came back?" "Yeah," Harry says. "I came back." She nods, her eyes closing. Harry glances up at Bill, but he doesn't say anything, just moving into the Apparition point. "Hold on, Gin," Harry hears him say. They Apparate back to the Burrow, Ginny groaning slightly. "Sorry," Bill says, pressing a kiss to the top of her head. They go up the front walk, Harry opening the door for Bill. Instead of going upstairs, Bill settles Ginny down on the couch in the sitting room, which has mostly been put back to rights. "I'd make up some excuse about her room not being clear yet, but honestly, I just want her where I can see her." Harry is fine with that idea himself. Ginny doesn't seem to mind either, already fast asleep again. Bill looks up at Harry. "I'm going to check in with Percy. Do you mind?" He gestures at Ginny. "Sure," Harry says, sitting down in a nearby chair. Somehow the thought of being still for a while isn't as annoying as it was before. "I'll be back soon," Bill says before disappearing back outside. It feels surreal, sitting in the quiet of the Burrow. After all this time, it smells the same. Sounds the same. Feels the same. Even as it all seems lifetimes away. And Ginny. Right there. So close he could touch her. It all has the hazy feel of a dream he's going to wake up from at any moment. Settling further back in the chair, Harry drops his head back against the cushions, watching the slow movement of Ginny's shoulders. His eyes get heavy, too heavy to keep open, so he stops trying. The front door slams open, Harry jerking awake. He gets a bit caught up in a blanket someone has draped over him, his heart in his throat as he fumbles for his wand. "There you are!" Hermione says. It takes a moment for Harry to gather his wits, lifting a finger to his lips to hush her, glancing at Ginny. Ron is only a few steps behind Hermione. He crosses over to stand near Ginny. "Is she okay?" he asks. Harry nods, pulling off his glasses to rub at his eyes. "A couple broken ribs. We just brought her back from St. Mungo's." He glances out the window at the shifted light, wondering how long ago that was. Hermione gives him a sharp look. "You spoke to Kingsley?" Harry nods, knowing her real worry. "He just wanted to know that it's really done." Ron looks up from Ginny. "It is, isn't it?" "Yeah," Harry says. Ron lets out a breath, nodding. "Good." He sits on the floor near the couch, Hermione collapsing back in a nearby chair. The three of them look at each other, and he wonders if they find it as surreal to be here as he does. Just seeing them here makes some of the buzzing panic at the back of his mind fade. Harry isn't sure how long they sit there before Ron says, "Well, I don't know about you two, but I'm starved." Hermione looks at him, something slightly incredulous in her expression. It bubbles up unexpectedly, because really, this is the last thing Harry should be feeling right now, but he's sitting in the Burrow with his best mates and it's done and he's still breathing, and the noise bursts out of his throat. Now Hermione and Ron are looking at him like he's the barmy one, but it isn't long until Ron's lip twitch and then Hermione is slapping a hand over her mouth and the three of them are helpless with completely inappropriate laughter. Ginny stirs on the couch, and Harry bites down on his lip, trying to somehow stop this avalanche of relief and exhaustion. "I think I should be able to pull off pasta," Ron says, pushing up his sleeves and turning for the kitchen. Hermione looks alarmed, trailing after him, no doubt to make sure he doesn't burn anything down. Harry thinks he should probably get up and follow them, but he's content to stay in the chair, watching his two best friends move about the kitchen. He drops his head back against the chair, feeling the tempting pull of sleep again. "When did that start?" He turns to find Ginny awake, her attention on Ron and Hermione. As they watch, Ron's hand touches Hermione's waist, leaning down to say something close to her ear. "During the battle," Harry says. "Took the end of the world for them to figure it out, huh?" "House Elves, actually," he says. Ginny raises an eyebrow, but doesn't ask. "How do you feel?" She watches Ron and Hermione for another long moment before closing her eyes. "Tired." She sleeps through dinner, but that's just as well because Ron's pasta is terrible. They eat every last bite of it.