hair that was tied in a ponytail, a dull brown eyes and a face that, while not unpleasant, you wouldn't pay any attention in a crowd unless it was pointed out´to you. The way he also dressed wasn't something extraordinary: a plain black robe, a white undershirt and a black tie that looked neither expensive nor cheap in quality. If Harry had to make a guess, the man was a mid level government employer. Having made his approach, the man spoke again in the same tone. "Mr. Potter, I'm sorry to bother you after what has been an adventurous day from what I hear but what I have to say cannot wait." Harry looked at the man, confusion and exhaustion evident on his face. "I'm sorry sir, but do I know you?" Harry asked, trying not to sound too impolite but not succeeding if the frown on the man's face said anything about it. "Ah, where are my manners. I am Mathias Turpin, representing the Department of Magical Inheritance. I am here to give you a letter from your late father, James Potter, as per his will now that you have reached the age of thirteen," the man answered, the business like tone not wavering despite Harry's tone. Reaching in his robes, Mr. Turpin brought out an envelope made out of parchment with a wax seal and offering it to Harry. Whatever it was that Harry was expecting, this was certainly not it. A letter from my father? , Harry thought, his stomach tightening in apprehension, fearing the words that his father might have wrote down on the letter. Yes, he was afraid what his father might have written for him. What orphan wouldn't be? Especially when the Dursleys had told Harry was unwanted by his parents because no matter how much Harry didn't want to believe them, nothing in Harry's life had given him a proof otherwise. Even the supposed sacrifice of his mother was questionable seeing as Harry didn't remember it. So, here was the proof that his parents either loved him or hated him and Harry was afraid to find out. Harry knew that his face showed his fear, but Mr. Turpin didn't seem to care as he still looked to be all business and kept offering the letter for Harry. Slowly, Harry reached out with a shaking hand and took the letter in his hands and brought it to his eye level. The letter wasn't exactly heavy in Harry's hands but it still felt like it due to the possible content of it. The wax seal that Harry noticed had a coat of arms pressed on it. It wasn't anything remarkable, a shield with a sword in the middle of it with it's pommel seemingly glowing and two wands crossed behind it, shooting three sparks each with a some kind of a motto written below the shield. Harry couldn't make out what it said and probably wouldn't understand it, it most likely being written in Latin. Harry turned the letter around and read what was written on the front. Harry, My Son Harry could have kept staring at those words for hours, his emotions in turmoil, if it wasn't for Mr. Turpin clearing his throat in order to get Harry's attention. "That will be all Mr. Potter," he said and turned around to leave Harry with Tom. Harry didn't know if it was the completely indifferent attitude Mr. Turpin had or if it was something else but Harry asked a question from the retreating man. "Wait, is this really all that my parents left for me?" Harry asked in a confusion laden voice, for a moment completely forgetting about the vault in Gringotts full of money that was left for him by his parents. Mr. Turpin turned around, seemingly as businesslike as ever, though the frown was back in his face. "Well, other than the vault in Gringotts that I know you are aware of Mr. Potter, then yes," he answered, a slight amount of annoyance creeping in his voice. "The only property that your family owned by the time of the death of your parents has been claimed by the ministry and turned into a memorial, marking as the end of the war," Mr. Turpin continued and turned once again to leave if it wasn't because Harry had another question in mind. "Then why is it that I receive this letter now and not for example when I first entered the wizarding world for the first time?" Harry asked, this time with no small amount of anger in his voice, not caring if he was rude anymore. Not like Mr. Turpin deserved any politeness from him in Harry's opinion. The man had been almost indifferent to the death of his parents so it wasn't like Harry cared if he was polite or not. Mr. Turpin was now visibly annoyed, and his answer mirrored it. "Because, according to the will of your father, this letter was to be given to you in your thirteenth birthday. Someone from my department would have come to your relatives house on your birthday if it wasn't for the escape of Sirius Black that had the whole ministry being in disarray because of it. The only reason that I am here tonight to give you this letter is because I happened to hear from an acquaintance of mine that you were seeing entering here and I am one of the members of my department that was in charge of the execution of your father's will," came the answer from Mr. Turpin with a tone that told Harry that they had nothing to discuss about the subject anymore. With a final look at Harry, Mr. Turpin turned to leave and was quickly in front of the fireplace and gone in a flash of green flames of the Floo Travel, leaving Harry to watch after him with the letter in his hand and a mind in turmoil with a lot of unanswered questions…