passing around. "Lawrence, Jones, all the first years except Tony, some of the second years, and Tobias are in the dorms. " Martin announced leaning over the banister to the boys' dorms and reporting back to James. Remus and Sirius stumbled onto a coffee table in the back of the room and began counting heads. In the past year the marauders, in attempt to help Lily and James, had memorized each member of Gryffindor house. In a pinch they could name them all, but most of the time a head count sufficed. Several attacks and even more scares the previous year had put them into action. Lily's worrying had solidified the need. "That's all the guys. Tim was up there?" Sirius clarified. "The second year?" Martin answered and nodded. Seconds later the fifth year prefect slid to the end of the girls' hall "I don't see Harriet or Midge!" She called down. The marauders shared several looks before all turning to look at McGonagall. "Where would she most likely be?" The professor asked. Sirius ran a hand through his hair, thinking. "Behind the third floor tapestry." A voice called out. The secret passage usually reserved for quick snogs between classes must have doubled for a rendezvous point. "And Midge is probably still in the library." Someone else noted. Sirius was counting on his fingers, while next to him Remus decided "that would be everyone for the girls." He held up a questionable number of fingers, but Lily and James trusted his count. "I will be back. All of you stay put." McGonagall stated plainly with a special look reserved for the seventh-year boys. Remus gave her two thumbs up. None of them had any intention of sneaking out. As soon as the portrait swung shut behind her everyone turned to James and Lily in the center of the room. Somewhere by Peter's couch there was the clatter of a chess piece falling to the floor as he stepped around the coffee table, but that was the only sound in the room. "Okay, we stay here tonight." James started, unsure of what other directions to give. "I. . . I think, we have to call it a night." Lily added and even Sirius didn't pose an argument. Instead he stepped off the coffee table then helped a stumbling Remus down as well. "You really can't hold your liquor." The darker-haired boy noted under his breath. "I drank more than you." Remus mumbled back slipping sideways into his fellow marauder. Sirius steered him into the center of the room where Peter was already staring at James and Lily nervously. Around them people began to pick up empty wrappers and bottles and stumble off to bed. Sirius pointed his wand at a fifth year who was trying to walk off with the cider, and he set it back down nervously. When the room was mostly clear Remus bent forward resting his hand on his knees. "Merlin's beard, that's the…" He held four fingers into the air before his mouth could catch up. "Fourth attack this week." He said, standing up straighter. "It's Monday Rem." Sirius pointed out quietly. Remus stood up straighter and looked at him through somewhat swimming vision. "Fine, fourth one since." He paused and made a forward spinning motion with his finger in front of his face, a marauder code for a moon cycle. "Thing." He finished tiredly. Peter patted his friend conciliatorily on the back. "Who do you think was attacked?" James asked. "There are a few outspoken families in Hogsmeade, none of them would be out of the question. Pratts, Wartons, Marks." Sirius listed off the few families he knew of. No one else could add to the list. "I can't believe this happened again!" James interlaced his fingers together on top of his head and looked up at the ceiling, exasperated. "Again? How many more before we all get our act together, and just go beat him down, really? How many?" He spat out bringing his hands down aggressively. Remus leaned into Peter. They were all watching James, knowing how he felt, and unable to dissuade any of his hopelessness. "We would need an army." Sirius explained. "Then we should get an army!" James argued. "Maybe there is one, we just don't know about it." Lily interjected. She had taken a step away from the group and was leaning against the back of a red couch, staring at the ground. She still had her arms crossed over her chest, closed off and tired. "Why would they be hiding? They should be out on the street recruiting." James growled. "To protect their identity." Peter tried to reason. "If your family dies for what you believe, you're certainly going to want to hide your involvement." Peter glanced at Lily for a moment expecting her to add something, but she didn't say a word. "We'll make one then, if there's not one already. We'll make an army and fight, won't we?" James looked at each of the marauders, his voice strong but pleading. "'course we will." Sirius stated after a moment, as if he hadn't already told James this a million times. "Someone's gotta take down the bastard." "Yeah, 'course we will." Peter echoed quietly. "I, for one, would like to-" Remus managed to fish his wand out of his sleeve where he kept it and wobbly pointed it at a place behind James, "personally stun that son-of-a-gun to hades and back." Lily grinned sadly, her eyes still on the floor. She knew exactly how they would fight. "It's settled then." James declared. "We'll fight." Though this attack had only been the last of a string of them, James sounded like a weight the size of the Ministry of Magic had been lifted off of his shoulders. The marauders would fight. When it came down to it the Marauders were not going to turn tail and run like the rest of the wizards and witches of Britain, they would fight.