the neck down for the buttons of my robe, and they themselves unbuttoning until it was my robe bare-chested but even then he did not move away as if she did not give even a second to breathe. "Well? I'm waiting, "he said imperiously Dark Lord and surrounded me cold as my clothing parted as if there might be something to hide. Unfortunately, the problem was that I was not wearing any underwear, panties I had last night ripped my bra and took the two Death Eater, who came in the morning, as if they were certain that he will not need it. I mentally cursed them both. "I ..." I muttered all red with embarrassment, and my suffering to the monster still extended, I felt in my body's scrutiny. Evaluation, curious perhaps even hungry, it is impossible to discern from under the hood, in any case, was uncomfortable. "Yes ?!" he growled, and I still clung to the post more in a row, I was really desperate, frustrated and frightened at the same time his unclean practices. I do not know what Voldemort was, I hated it while my body reacted against me, as his hand and wanted to convince me quite unceremoniously slipped her slender fingers between her thighs. I gasped when he touched the moisture that my body for that little moment created, doused me shame to the roots of the hair, you now have the same color as my burning cheeks. I do not know where they took me such opposition, but I really pushed him away. I did not expect, however, with his agility. Firmly gripped my right wrist incredibly painful one hand and bumped into me hard that I ended up on the bed on his back like a beetle lame. "My patience is at an end, Samantha!" He snapped at me sternly, because I did not want to give in, and now I have to suffer the consequences. In the next second, he printed under each other. I was amazed how strong, though by poor design of his body, as I felt the whole time, I really gripped tightly. I was shaking, she tried to fight him but in vain. Voldemort was not long before I completely froze. Both my arm caught in one of his and held it over my head, while the fingers of his free hand he tried to continue the exploration of my lap. "No! ENOUGH! "I began to beg, beg but to no avail, even the more I coaxed him, the more the Dark Lord bolder and more insistent. "I always get what I want, and you will not be an exception," Voldemort hissed and into my wet lap two fingers. I arched back. He threw back his head and that he long scary hood come off the bald head on his back, and his face showed me that I have so faithfully remembered from that cursed painting. As soon as my eyes met his, my body betrayed me again, and my whole lap is pulled around his fingers inside the immense desire. "I hate you!" I frowned and bit her lip, to the Dark Lord grinned. "I do not want you to love me. I just want information, and when you give it to me, all this might end, I promise you, "he coaxed sweetly, hiding his anger behind the mask of a saint. I could not decide on one side, monster, murderer, villain snake face and on the other my excitement. I longed for him, for satisfaction, but I knew it was not true emotion. He is not capable of something like that, it was just an opportunist, nothing else mattered. His reputation preceded him. I knew it, and now I know my own eyes. Voldemort was pure evil in all its forms. "Where is the seat of the Order?" He moved his fingers in and out and it was driving me to the brink of madness and bliss. Swelled over me like a big black dragon in fluttering robes with red eyes glowing in the dark treacherously like two rubies. I started saving just moan for which I am ashamed, but my body wanted more. Require more. The only solution was to answer his question, and it just waited. I did not know how long I can resist, but with every minute that I have sagged hips eagerly and anxiously. "Just a few words," I urged the Dark Lord and I stopped thinking altogether once more put my thumb on the small peas, then I gave in the age-old dance of delight, waving to my senses. "G ... Grimmould Square ... 12 ... PLEASE !" I moaned desperately, and he finally took pity on me. His fingers play out faster masterful game that knew no bounds. Satisfied, and most triumphant grin thin snake lips when I was underneath him, arched in sheer pleasure of exploding climax, which gave me my benefactor. Beyond that, I was indifferent. World for a few long minutes shrunk to a large black hole. I was breathing heavily and unaware that Voldemort had left me in the meantime, before he spoke clearly mocking voice from somewhere in the background, where he had a perfect view of my nakedness. "Welcome to Death Eaters, Samantha," he told me coldly, then left. I was alone. Before the door closed, I realized the horrible truth. I betrayed. All. In a few hours the Order of the Phoenix the past and it was my fault. I wept over his weakness. Now I understood Severus Snape, who had to live with the bitter memory of his only love Lily Evans died of his efforts, I now will carry on the shoulders of the wizarding world. Being on the dark side and betray all her self. From now on, magicians will curse my name more than Voldemort, I realized. I did not know if I can live with that, and it probably will not ever know ... End