When it came time to present her findings, Louisa happily stood before the class with Sirius' wand in hand. "Sirius' wand is made of Ebony wood," she began, rolling it between her fingers as he had done with hers. "With the plant samples present, I was unable to ascertain a particular regional set of magical qualities as I discovered Ebony, in fact, comes from just about every region in the world. This led to me believe that the wand is capable of producing an incredibly broad range of magic, and may be able to endure particular hardship or adapt to extreme situations given it's presence around the world." She paused momentarily, watching a very self-satisfied Sirius sit back in his chair. "However," she continued. "This study has also led me to believe that the magic lacks direction or a speciality, prone to less powerful spell casting. Anyone aiming for above average spell casting would find themselves very disappointed." With a pointed stare at Sirius, she sat down. Sirius stood from his chair, barely concealing his laughter. He was impressed. "I initially understood this wand to be of Pear," he admitted. "But after a second glance, I realised it was Beech…" Louisa turned away from Sirius to face the front. Her face flushed a deep red. She listened as he divulged his knowledge on her wand, and needless to say, she was entirely taken aback. He had spent the entire class in blatant disregard of the assignment. How was it that he could know her wand with a moment's speculation? At the end of class, the students moved about freely, exchanging wands once more. Louisa approached Sirius, not at all concealing her frustrated expression. "Quiet, but dangerous," Sirius noted, handing her wand to her. "I'll have to watch my back around you." "The proof is in the work, Sirius, not the result," she stated, pocketing her wand. "My uncle Alphard owns a Beech wand," he explained. "And in my-" "-well, thank you for that unwarranted explanation," she quipped, cutting him off. Without a second glance, she turned and exited the greenhouse, swiping her belongings in a swift, hurried movement. As she hiked to her next class back in the castle, Louisa reflected upon how necessary her brashness had been in that moment just before. If anything, her pride had been bruised. But she imagined Sirius would brush off their interaction like a piece of lint on a jumper – entirely inconsequential. As the week progressed, Louisa learned very unexpectedly that he too was taking the same Muggle Studies class as her, as well as sharing several free periods. Her favourite class became a nightmare, and her study periods were now spent hiding amongst the bookshelves and away from the ruckus of the study tables where would often mess around, teasing and flirting. It wasn't that Louisa had never spent a class with Sirius. In truth, she had sat through many subjects with him in their earlier years. But a lull in contact followed by sudden and intense exposure to the Gryffindor had her fighting to maintain a sense of dignity. Louisa was an expert at keeping to herself and staying well away from other people's business. But by letting her guard down, she had let Sirius become her daily business. In all honesty, they only interacted once or twice a day, but so petty was the banter between them that Louisa was sure she could feel her maturity flaking away around her. ….. "He's like a naughty dog," Valeria surmised at breakfast one morning, "he messes around because he wants the reaction." "I know he does," Louisa sighed. "Most of the time I'm an expert at blocking out his rubbish, but sometimes…"She trailed off, playing with the eggs on her plate. "Anyway, ready for trials?" "Mhm," Valeria nodded with a mouthful of sausage. "Really hoping for a couple of strong chasers this year. We've been a bit lacking for a while." "How's your arm?" Valeria gave it a little stretch. "Eh, it's not too bad. I've recovered relatively quickly considering that bludger snapped it in half. As long as I angle my swings right, I shouldn't have too much trouble beating them back." As Louisa reached for another helping of eggs a passing student bumped her. Severus Snape, as slimy as the eggs that splattered back into the serving dish, shoved past Louisa carrying a full goblet of juice. Without any acknowledgement, he continued onwards to the end of the hall. "Remind me how I was defending Hogwarts House stereotypes?" Louisa grumbled, reclaiming her eggs. "Oh, he's coming back." Valeria noted, watching as he made a sharp turn, recoiling from a group of certain Gryffindors who had noticed him. "Where are you off to, Snivellus?" Sirius shouted, giving a lazy wave. As Snape passed Louisa again, goblet wobbling precariously against his pace, Sirius threw a spell in his direction, sending his robes flying up and around his face. He stumbled, goblet barrelling from his hand and its contents spilling all over Louisa. She jumped from her seat, knocking the table and the drinks of those next to her. Snape readjusted himself, hurrying away, muttering under his breath. "Are you alright?" Valeria asked, trying to clean her friend with a napkin. Louisa glanced over to the Gryffindor table where Sirius had long since turned back to his friends, unaware of the consequences of his mischievous actions. Hair dripping, she looked at Valeria with a blinded rage. "I'll give him a reaction." "Lou?" Louisa stepped away from the table and directed her glare to Sirius. She marched towards him with a ferocity she had not until this moment experienced in her entire life. As she approached the group, Sirius noted her appearance. "What happened to-?" Louisa's fist connected with his face. He staggered back in his seat, falling into James. The hall fell silent. For the first time in his life, the imperturbable expression Sirius wore had been wiped clean from his face.