has been bound for some reason which we can fix. As for who you are heir to there is many. You are the heir to the Potter, Black, Emry's, Le Fey, Slytherin, Pendragon, Davidson, and Matheson families. Out of all of those families six of them hold Lordships. By rights you actually can run the Wizarding world since you are the heir to Emry and Le Fey. The Davidson and Matheson families do not hold Lordships but they own quite a bit of land and a few businesses. They also have left you quite a bit of gold. I will set up a will reading for two days from now. If you don't mind I will send a letter to the other three that I think will be working with you on what is to come. Now I have the paperwork ready for you to sign in order to become emancipated. As soon as you sign it you will be a legal adult in the Wizarding and even in the Muggle world. While you were reading your parents wills I checked into your vaults and saw that the Dursley's were being paid a stipend for having you live with them. Forgive me for saying this, Harry, but it is clear that they did not use the money on you. So with your permission I would like to reclaim all the money they were given. You also own the house that they live in and you own Grunnings also." Harry's eyes flashed with anger and hurt at what he just learned. "I give you permission to send letters to the three that you think will be working side by side with me to right the Wizarding world and to right Hogwarts. I further give you permission to reclaim all the money given to the Dursley's. I would like them evicted out of the house and they are to pay back rent for all the time they have lived there. I want Grunnings looked into and if Vernon Dursley has stepped out of line in his job even once I want him fired. Now I am tired so I think it would be best to meet with the other three in the morning. Is there a house that I own that I can go to in order to sleep?" He took the quill that Ragnok was holding out to him and signed the emancipation papers after he quickly read through them. He looked at Ragnok with a raised eyebrow when he felt a sting in his hand and saw a bright flash of light eight times in a row. "You just signed that paperwork with a blood quill, Harry. It will make it where your emancipation cannot be overturned for any reason. Besides magic itself accepted your emancipation You can access Potter Manor once you put your Head of House rings on. You have eight rings to put on in total but they will combine together after you put them on. Once you do that you will be the Head of House of eight different houses and Lord of six of those eight houses. When I send the letters out to the other three people and their parents or their guardians I will ask them to be here at ten in this morning." Ragnok handed over the eight boxes that held rings in them and watched as Harry quickly and efficiently put them on. Once Harry had the rings on he stood up. "How do I get to Potter Manor, Ragnok?" "Just touch the ring and say Potter Manor and it will take you there by portkey. If you need anything before you come back to the bank in the morning send word." Ragnok replied. Harry nodded and smiled. "Thank you both for what you have done. I will see you in the morning." He touched his ring and said what he was told. He closed his eyes when he felt the swirling begin. When he landed he was surprised that he landed on his feet. Within seconds a house elf was in front of him clapping his or her hands. Harry smiled and held a hand up. "Thank you for the welcome. I am sure that there is a lot that we need to talk about but right now I need a bed so that I can sleep. I promise that we will talk first thing in the morning. What is your name by the way?" The house elf smiled. "My name is Mipsy, Master Harry. I will show you to your room right away. I will make sure that breakfast is ready first thing in the morning and that all the elves are present so that you can meet them. We have been waiting a long time to see you again, Master Harry." She led the way through the house, up the stairs, and into the master bedroom. "Here you are, Master Harry. Mipsy will see you in the morning. If you need anything before then just call for me." Harry smiled. "I will, Mipsy. Mipsy, do all the elves speak as well as you do?" Mipsy bobbed her head up and down. "Yes, Master Harry, they do. The late Masters and Mistresses wanted us to be able to speak, read, and write properly. We even know how to help with potions if needed. Now you get in bed, Master Harry, and get some sleep." Harry chuckled and shook his head as he watched Mipsy pop away. He quickly toed off his shoes and took his glasses off before he climbed into the bed. Within seconds he was out like a light with Salazar once again appearing in his dreams. A/N 2: *grins* And there is the first chapter! I do hope that you all enjoyed the first chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it... Once again the challenge came from bigman77 on the forum Harry Potter Fanfiction Challenges... Click the button and let me know what you think!