up with. It was a memory that was immediately placed inside of a pensive, along with Merope's and Tommy's corresponding memories as witnesses. Although he was the Minister of Magic, Tom followed his sense of fair play and floated a stunned and bound Albus Dumbledore to the Ministry and placed him in a holding cell until his trial could be arranged. The memories were given to Tom's arguer for the balding man to view and build his case upon. Tom finished with his task, returned home to his wife and son, happy that their sad end had not come to pass this day. Though the old man was in a securely guarded holding cell, the Riddles did not relax until one Albus Dumbledore was turned into a squib, then given the Dementor's Kiss and placed in a ward until the day his living body died. -Epilogue- As the years passed, the British Wizarding Ministry flourished, and with it, because of it, the peoples it governed also flourished and prospered under the fair hand of Tom Riddle Sr. Orphanages were built and caring workers who were both competent and qualified were hired. Child services was given the reigns to an extent, and each orphanage had a monthly budget to work with that ranged from modest to generous depending upon the number of children and workers in each one. Child services were given the authority to take those orphans they found who had families who did not want them around and place them in an orphanage. Werewolves, as well as other supposedly 'dark' creatures, were given equal rights in Wizarding society. Each creature type had their own heavily warded park or gathering place they could go to when they felt their more primal urges surfacing. The changes Tom Sr. brought to the land he governed led only to peace. Though they occasionally fought in a war elsewhere, British wizards witnessed only now-and-again crooks causing trouble. Aurors were so well trained and placed and regulated underneath rules their Minister of Magic had set in place for them that they were able to move as a well oiled unit and capture, process, and cage the troublemakers who warranted such treatment. There was trouble still, yes, but things were handled in a way that gave people faith in their elected officials that they'd never been able to have before. Tom jr. had been in Hogwarts for years and had finally found someone who didn't care about who his family was, or the amount of money they had. Her name was Mertle and Tom Sr. and Merope found her to be a sweet, soft-spoken girl with a rather feisty temper. Luna and Harry both privately thought that she was much better as a living person rather than a screeching ghost. With the way the two teens looked at one another, they knew that they'd be helping their only child with wedding plans in the near future. Tom Marvolo Riddle, with the memories of both timelines, stood before the graves of his beloved parents. They'd been dead now for three years. His sad smile is the only indication of how very much he misses them. They'd died together, curled up in one another's arms in their bedroom late one night in October. Tom was the one who found them and made sure that they were placed in a coffin together, just as they were found. They shared a coffin and a Headstone as they'd shared everything in life and Tom could often be found visiting their resting place with his family in tow. He and his lovely wife Mertle were blessed as his parents had not been. There were five of them, two girls and three boys. Salazar and Salem were twins as well as the eldest of their brood. Michaela was the next in line closely followed by Jacob and Raven. Mertle was the proud owner of her own craft and art supplies shop, and Tom had followed in his father's footsteps. The wizards and witches he governed learned immediately that a Riddle in office, serving as the Minister of Magic, was the best kind of Riddle to be had. Having had notice of the new births, Tom had finally understood why his parents had passed at a rather early age for magic users. After all, Harry Potter and Luna Lovegood could not exist very well without their souls now could they? As a Dream Weaver himself, Tom more than understood the rules of travel. When you travelled into the past to correct a misdeed against your family in your past life, your past self, despite being saved from an ugly end, would die a few months prior to your present self's birth. The balance for the Dream Weaver could exist no other way. And so Tom plotted and planned out how he would aide his parents as they grew and made another family together. Harry Potter would, after all, need a tutor in the art of Dream Weaving, and who better than the child he'd taught himself? Mertle, seeing her husband's rather Slytherin smirk, laughs gently at his silent plotting and pulls him away, their children walking happily with the couple. Thanks to a family Gift, and the warm, loving heart of one teen, as well as the love and protective instincts of another, the past that had created Lord Voldemort was rewritten. Lives were spared on a colossal scale, and darkness had been destroyed. The way was shown, and those they left behind were there to follow their example and fight to keep darkness at bay so that peace could prosper for as long as the fates allowed. A/N: I hope you guys enjoyed reading this oddball story. At least, I see it as an oddball story, may be something completely different to you. Anyways, thanks for reading, let me know how you liked it, and bye until the next one!1 or next chapter of my poor little author's blocked story, whichever comes first!