tea, I suppose I'll be making another visit to Alastor's office. She reached his office at exactly six in the morning. Moody's reaction when he saw her made it clear that the lack of sleep on her face was evident. "Come in," he said, ushering her inside and closing the door. Most of the Auror Department—in fact, most Ministry workers—weren't yet at their desks. Most started work at the designated eight o'clock written on their rotas. Early birds were rare, but she'd known Alastor to be one from the day she'd met him. "Susan called me by Floo last night," she began, taking a seat. "Did something happen to her?" asked Alastor, leaning forward in his own seat with a frown. "Well, she was shaken up over something somebody said." At Alastor's deepening frown, she hastened to explain. When she completed her narration of last night's events and laid out the connections she'd made, Alastor sat back, shaking his head. "You need Order protection," he stated simply. "Alastor, I'm the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. I cannot be joining a vigilante group." "I don't ask that you join—simply that you allow us to give you the security and protection that you need," he countered. Amelia shook her head with a fond smile. "You're a generous man, Alastor, but I will have to think on it. I'll come to a decision by the end of the day, I think. What time will you be here until?" Alastor sighed. "I wish you would just say yes outright so I could get straight to assembling a group. I'll be here as long as you need me to be, though," he grunted. Amelia laughed as the two of them stood up and Alastor led her out. "Thank you; it really does mean a lot." "Just be vigilant," he warned. "I promise; I will be." Finishing her shift, she made her way down to the Auror Department, yet again. As the doors to the lift closed, she let herself fall back against the wall. It wasn't often that one got to be the sole occupant of a Ministry lift, and it allowed her racing mind to steady. She'd only worked alongside the Order twice before, and they'd been during truly desperate times—when she hadn't held the position she did today—but Susan's worry was permeating into her very bones, and the way things were tying together made her feel… uncomfortable. If protection from the Order would placate her frayed nerves, she'd take it. The lift doors opened onto the familiar view of the Auror Department and she strode straight to Alastor's office, feeling her heart rate accelerate as her footsteps echoed around the empty floor. Reaching Alastor's office door, she knocked and was surprised when it swung open at her touch. Pulling her wand out of its holster, she entered, tentatively looking around the room before her eyes landed on a sheet of paper on the desk. It said: Madam Bones, Meet me at the Thames Docks Offices; you will know where to go once you reach there. I don't believe it's safe for us to discuss our business here. - Alastor Moody Amelia frowned at the note, written in the same print she was so used to seeing on the list of suspects she looked over everyday. It didn't sit well with her that it hadn't been brought up to her. Briefly, the thought that he'd left the door open so she could see the note occurred to her, but she knew Alastor never left his door unlocked. Perhaps he'd been in the middle of writing it before being called out for urgent business? Thinking quickly, she decided to make her way to the docks and wait for Alastor, but wrote a hurried note beneath, confirming she'd read it and was waiting. It took less than two minutes to Apparate to the docks and enter the building. Alastor was correct; as soon as she entered, Amelia felt she knew exactly where to go. Her feet led her to a stairwell at the end of a well-lit corridor, and she descended them until she reached a door that led into another, near-identical corridor. The only difference was a flickering light at the end of this one. She'd noticed the absence of people in the building, of course, but knew that Alastor was smart enough to choose a location with heightened secrecy. She continued going straight; when she was directly beneath the flickering light, she turned to her left to see an office that had yet another flickering light. The moment she stepped inside, it stopped. She looked around the room, but there was no one occupying it. She would have to wait. Then, the door swung shut. Amelia spun around immediately, her wand at the ready, and assumed a duelling stance. She reeled backwards at what she saw. It was him; it could only be He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. There had been rumour of his transformation—fearful whispers from the first time he'd attempted to take over—that he looked… reptilian. Now, with the man, or whatever he could be called, stood before her, she could see that they were as accurate as any description was going to get. "Amelia… Bones." The almost-hiss caused the hair on the back of her neck to rise. "Voldemort," she said, pushing past the impulse to paralyse with fear. She was so relieved she could actually get the word out that she wasn't angry at her voice shaking. "You have caused me… many problems… over the years," he said, gliding towards her. "It will be a pleasure… to deal with you." Tears sprang to her eyes and, lifting one shaking hand, she screamed: "Confringo!" Countless reports to the police would be made about flashing lights coming from the office building—until a blinding green one halted the display. Amelia Bones was found dead three days later, and the Wizarding World mourned the loss of one of the most talented witches of her time.