no longer put up a fight to stay conscious. She heard someone yell in shock and she blinked her eyes trying to get them to focus when she saw Draco standing over her and looking down at her in horror. "Draco." Draco couldn't believe the shape that Hermione was in when he found her. He dropped down to his knees beside her and gently moved her hair off of her face as he started shouting for help. He felt the cold air and looked up and sighed in relief when he saw the Bloody Baron. "Go and get Blaise and Pansy from the Slytherin common room. I can't save her on my own." He didn't even wait to see the Baron float away before he looked back down at Hermione and said "You stay with me Granger! Damn it you stay with me!" Hermione lost the fight to stay conscious as she heard Draco screaming at her. The last thing she heard before her world went dark was someone screaming and several people cursing. ~/~/~/~/~/~/~/~ Pansy and Blaise got to Draco as they heard him shout "Wake the bloody hell up Granger! You can't die on my watch! I'll kill whoever did this to you." They both screamed as they saw the state that Hermione was in but before they could say anything to Draco they turned quickly with their wands held out in front of them when they heard several people curse. They lowered their wands when the saw that it was the Headmaster, Severus, Lucius, Rabastan, and a couple other people they didn't recognize. They didn't even say anything about the fact that Rabastan and Lucius was there. Instead they moved to the side to let the adults through. Draco looked up when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He let out a sigh of relief when he saw his Father and Godfather along with the Headmaster, his Uncle Rabastan, and two people he didn't know but thought that he recognized. "She was like this when I found her. I tried to keep her awake but she blacked out. You have to help her." Lucius squeezed Draco's shoulder and then pulled him up with Severus' help. "We will help her Son. Do you have any clue who could have done this to her?" Draco frowned and shook his head. "Tonight was her night to patrol with Weasley. Ever since she got that first note she has been patrolling either with Potter, Weasley, Blaise, Pansy, or me. I don't even like her patrolling with Weasley for some reason but she said everything would be okay." Lucius nodded but didn't say anything because at that point James and Regulus stood back up from where they were looking Hermione over and James said "We need to take her back to the Manor with us. She has not only been attacked physically but she was raped. I will pay for a Healer for her. It is nothing against Madam Pomfrey but I would feel better if Lily and I could keep a close eye on her personally especially since she was attacked here at Hogwarts." Albus nodded and then looked at Severus. "Is it okay with you if we bring her back with us? If it is we can just use Severus' quarters to floo from." Lucius gave a curt nod. "That is fine Albus. However I do think that we should allow Draco, Blaise, and Pansy to come with us. After what they have seen they deserve answers as much as the rest of us do." Albus sighed but nodded and then looked at Severus, Lucius, James, Regulus, and Rabastan. "Who is carrying her? I don't think that we should use magic on her until we have her laying on something soft." The five men nodded and then James said "I'll carry her. I really don't feel up to dealing with Alice's, Lily's, or Bellatrix's temper if something more were to happen to Mia." Draco turned to his Father with wide eyes as he snarled "Why did that man mention Aunt Bella, Father? You can't let her near Granger! She will just finish what whoever did this to Granger started. I will not allow Granger to be killed if I can help it! I don't care if I have to go against you Father or anyone else I will." Rabastan chuckled and cut in and said before Lucius could say anything "Just come with us Draco. Once we are back at Malfoy Manor I promise everything will be explained. I also promise that Bella nor anyone else will harm or kill Miss Granger." Draco sighed but nodded and then followed behind the Headmaster, the man carrying Hermione, the second man he didn't know, Rabastan, and Severus. He walked in between Blaise and Pansy with his Father walking behind them. He wasn't sure why but he knew that Hermione would be safe. He kept quiet as he followed his Godfather into his quarters. He didn't say anything as he watched the man carrying Hermione step into the fireplace and disappear followed by Albus, his Uncle Rabastan, his Father, and the other man he didn't know. Once the second man he didn't know floo'd away he stepped in and called out his destination. He had no doubt that Pansy would come right after him followed by Blaise and then Severus. As he stepped out of the fireplace and into his Father's study his eyes widened in shock at what he saw. A/N 2: *grins* Now that I got this chapter out of the way maybe I can focus on editing my updates for you all! LOL! I know that this is different than what I normally write as far as how things go but my mind would just not let it go... Anywayz I hope that you all liked it... Click the button and let me know what you think! If you all like it I may post the 2nd chapter tomorrow!