crotch, "Teaser," Draco said before grabbing Harry's undies and pulling them off. Draco saw Harry's penis and was mesmerized by it. It was perfect… long, but not too much, thick so that it filled his mouth, but not too much. He'd enjoy giving pleasure to this man. And he had some pubic hair which was… beautiful. Draco wanted to bury his nose there. Harry was staring at him, in need, so Draco decided to go for it. He licked the tip, making the boy tremble. He then placed the erect penis inside his mouth. Harry couldn't stop moaning, he even held Draco's head tightly. Not many men had given him a blowjob, they normally wanted him to blowjob them . Draco started to suck him faster while he played with Harry's balls. Harry was in paradise, and it hadn't even started. "Draco… either you stop now or I cum," he said between sobs. And Draco did stop, but he had something in mind. He flipped the boy around, making him squeak. "What an ass you have, Harry," he said. His neighbour moaned. Harry's ass was so smooth and perky, Draco needed to taste it and play with it. He bit one of the asscheeks, licking then the print of his teeth. Harry moved his ass against his face, but Draco was keeping him against the sofa. Draco opened Harry's ass, his pinky rosebud exposed. He blowed, causing Harry, who couldn't stop saying his name, to squirm. Draco grinned and placed the tip of his tongue in the center of his lover's anus. He kept doing it with a fast rhythm, but never entering Harry. "Please…" Harry begged. Draco moved and placed his mouth next to Harry's right ear, licking his earlobe, "Please, what?" he asked, whispering. "Please, Draco," Harry begged again. Draco grinned and travelled to Harry's ass, placing kisses on Harry's spine while going down. He moved his tongue around the hole, never touching the middle now. Not having the tongue inside made Harry yelp, who was eager and could not wait any longer. Finally Draco stopped teasing him and opened his hole with his tongue, making Harry cry out his name. He moved his tongue in and out, preparing the hole for what was to come. He could feel Harry's walls around his tongue, the heat of his rectum all around him and the musky smell that made him dizzy. And suddenly, he stopped. "Draco!" Harry complained, moving his ass a bit, trying to find the blond's mouth. "Shh… trust me, babe" he said. Babe, he had called him babe , Harry thought. Harry gasped and arched his back when he felt a finger inside him. Draco was sitting now on the sofa, putting one of his long and thick fingers inside Harry. "Do you want another one?" he asked. Harry moaned as a response. He placed another inside and started moving around, feeling Harry around him. "Fuck, Harry, you should see yourself. Laying here all for me, open for me, moaning…" He tried to find Harry's prostate, and in the end he did. He touched it, a few times, making the other man moan. But he wanted Harry to feel the pleasure with his dick. "Turn around so that I can see you while we make love," he told the brunette while he removed his fingers. Harry did so and lifted his legs so that Draco would have more access. Draco finally got naked, his dick erect in all its glory, and Harry could not believe his luck. Draco placed Harry's legs over his shoulders, looking into Harry's eyes all the time. With his hand he guided his dick to Harry's entrance, but he left it there, the tip touching the hole. Harry grunted, "If you don't put that inside m-" Draco laughed and did so, taking Harry by surprise. He pounded inside him while they kissed and bit each other's lips. Harry had placed his arms around Draco's neck, keeping him close, while Draco held his thighs tight so that he could fuck him hard. He finally found his prostate. He hit it once and twice, and three times, and he started drilling faster. Harry opened his eyes due to the pleasure, rolling them inside his skull afterwards. "So good, Dra-fuck!" he said when Draco hit his prostate in the moment when he grabbed his dick. Harry was reaching orgasm, Draco's handjob helping him as well. "I'm gonna cum, Draco, I'm gonna-" he said, "Cum. Do it for me, cum," Draco ordered him. Harry rolled his toes, still in the air, and his sperm spilled all over his chest, neck and mouth. But Draco didn't stop, he hadn't reached ecstasy. However, Harry started clenching his anus, which caused Draco to groan. "I'm close, so close," the blonde muttered. "Cum inside me, please" Harry said. And Draco did so, leaving his sperm inside Harry's ass. Exhausted he let himself fall on Harry, who smiled at him. They kissed, Harry's lips still dirty with his own sperm, but that didn't matter. The two neighbours stayed there, panting and sweaty, without talking. Draco finally moved so that he'd be laying next to Harry, cuddling him afterwards. "So, I guess we can call this an official thing?" Draco said, playing with his new boyfriend's hair. "Yeah," a Harry breathless replied, "I've never had sex in the first date, though." "But it was amazing." "Oh yeah, it was, no need to seek a new boyfriend," Harry told him. Draco kissed him on his cheek, "Hmm… I thought I'd never get you." "And at first I thought you were straight," Harry said. Draco laughed. "If things work out, we could move in together in a few months," Draco suggested. "Of course, I'm not gonna give my hot neighbour the chance to leave me. Now kiss me, you fool." And Draco kissed him, sharing a special moment with Harry. He didn't know back then, though, that he would grow old with Harry Potter.