once, at the world cup. Draco was a spoiled, mean little boy—not a true fanatic. She didn't want them to be the people the marks on their arm would paint them out to be. She didn't want anyone she knew to be what those marks painted them to be. It was one thing to meet the infamous men and women who'd been locked away in Azkaban before her birth on a battlefield. The classic, unhinged monsters of fiction. It was quite another thing to meet the disagreeable man who'd taught her all she knew about potions. To face the girl who used to work for Madam Malkin's', or the wizard who took care of magical maintenance in the Alley. She moved forward to hug Mr Flourish. "Stay safe." she said, blinking back tears. "You too, Hermione." he replied. It was the first time she noticed how much he'd aged since she first started coming to the store when she was twelve, this man who'd been quietly supporting her for years. He looked old when she first started spending time here, now he looked positively ancient. His shuffle had gotten slower, and his hunch had gotten more pronounced. Tears started to form in her eyes and she prayed this wasn't the last time she would say goodbye to the man who'd been the only grandfather she'd known. She saw the S.P.E.W. Galleon container next to her leaflets on the counter. She walked over to them, picking one up and glancing over it. It felt like a lifetime ago that she'd drafted it. A couple of ministry officials walked into the shop, glancing disapprovingly over at Hermione. She was drawn out of her nostalgia quickly enough, and with one last nervous smile towards Mr Flourish and another quiet goodbye, she exited and apparated home. Seeing the Alley as deserted as it was, people hastening through the street, looking over their shoulder, it made the war even more real than it already was. It made it all the more real that she wouldn't be going back to school the next year. June, 1998 Hermione stood in the Alley crying. She stood in front of what was now her shop, and as much as she wanted to see opportunity, all she could see was loss. The sign was badly burnt, and the windows had been shattered. A quick reparo wouldn't go far to restore it back to its former glory, Cursed fire and dark spells weren't that easily undone. Mr Flourish was taken in for questioning in February 1998 by the Ministry of Magic for suspected treason and affiliation with the Order of the Phoenix. He was accused of distributing regime damaging materials, and no matter how much she searched, Hermione couldn't uncover what those supposed 'regime damaging' materials could be. Stepping forward, she pushed the door back and watched it fall into the store. Letting out a loud exhale, she moved forward and began picking up papers off of the floor. Mr Flourish died in Ministry custody on April 27th, 1998. Starved and half frozen in Azkaban prison, the old man hardly stood a chance, but it was pneumonia which finally claimed his life, less than a week before the war was officially ended. Tears stained the papers she was holding, but she just kept picking them up. Stacking them to sort at a later time, clearing a path for herself in the ransacked store. Her eyes glanced over to the section that had once been devoted to muggle studies. There was nothing left, only charcoal and a scalded sign. She leaned over to pick up that year's 'muggle studies' textbook. "Damn you" she screamed, hurling it at a wall. At that point, the papers were dropped and she dropped with them. "Damn you, Tom Riddle." Choking on a sob, she sat back and pulled her legs to her chest. There were so many memories tied to this place, good and bad she wanted to hold onto them all. Harry and Ron said it wasn't healthy. They urged her to go back to Hogwarts rather than accept her honorary NEWTs. They were right of course, but for once in her life she didn't give a damn if the sun refused to rise because she, Hermione Granger, didn't want to go back to school. "Granger," a familiar voice called out, accompanied with a loud knock on what remained of the doorway. "Come in, George." she said, wiping her tears and trying to pull herself together. "I know," he said, pulling her into a hug, "believe me, I understand." She could feel George shaking against her, and she knew he'd succumbed to tears along with her. "Just...what does one even do with this?" She asked, waving her hand at the shop. "We fix one thing at a time...do our best to remember the good." George said, trying to sound less defeated than he felt. "I never thought he'd leave this to me." Hermione said, "I thought he'd have family...someone." George looked around, picking up the papers Hermione dropped earlier and stacking them properly. Mr Flourish was so proud of little Hermione, he was happy to boast of her to anyone who would listen as though she was his own grand-daughter. Hanging up the S.P.E.W. posters unashamedly, telling anyone who would listen just how many OWLs she'd gotten, and about how talented she was at transfigurations. It might surprise her, but not George. "You were family to him, I think, Hermione." George said, squeezing her arm another time before glancing back down the Alley to his own shop, which hardly looked better than her own. "I have my own disaster to take care of." he said, gesturing towards it, "Apparently things get better with time..." he said, "some shit about time heals all wounds." Hermione glanced down at the scar on her arm, one which she was told she would carry for the rest of her life, and forced a smile. "I'll see you around, George."