"You did?" Her eyes widened. "When I was unconscious," I continued hysterically, "she showed me that I had the power." "Power?" My mother looked absolutely flabbergasted. "What on earth has possessed you?" Just then, Ginny burst through the doors of the dressing room, carrying a small tray of sandwiches, looking flushed and puffing in agitation. When she spotted me, she gave a howl of delight, setting the plate on the vanity before scurrying over to give me a crushing hug, her almond shaped eyes alight with excitement. "Oh, Hermione!" she exclaimed, eyes watering. "You look simply stunning! How are you feeling?" "Thank you," I replied weakly, putting a hand on my stomach to calm the sickening feeling bubbling up inside it. Knock. Knock. Knock. Mrs. Weasley appeared at the doorway, poking her head inside. "It's time," she announced. "Are you ready?" Only you can answer that. Three sets of eyes stared at me. The world began to spin. It suddenly was far too hot. "Mum, I can't do this," I blurted, feeling sick. "Still not feeling well?" asked Ginny. "No, it's not that. I just-I need some-" "Molly, did you ever get that water?" my mother wondered and Mrs. Weasley's eyes grew wide. "Oh, dear, I forgot," she said. "I'll go get some right away. But don't take too much longer. The ceremony is starting." "Ginny, some privacy, please?" I puffed. "I need my mother." Ginny's eyes squinted together. "But..." "Ginny, dear, it will only be a moment," my mother said. When Ginny had departed, my mother turned to me once more. "This isn't right," I sobbed, breaking down. "Mum, I can't do this." "Sweetheart, are you sure? Is it just nerves? Where did all of this come from?" "Mum, this is not the path I choose for myself. This is not where I want my life to be going," I hiccuped. "Every woman feels this way on their wedding day, pet," she comforted. "No, Mum, this is more. I shouldn't feel absolute dread." I bit my lip. "Daddy was right, Mum. I'm settling and it isn't fair to either of us. I'm just not ready." "You are sure?" Are you certain? Are you quite sure? You know what will happen. No, I don't. "Yes." "Then we will call off the wedding. If you aren't ready, there's no reason to rush." "It's more than that, Mum. For such a long time, ever since the war, I haven't been myself. I've been what everyone else wants me to be, what everyone else expects me to be. I can't keep pretending to be someone I'm not. Daddy was right and I was just too stubborn to hear him out. I've lost myself and I haven't been me for quite some time. You can't deny that." She bowed her head, knowing it was true. Which is why, when I began furiously fiddling with my dress until the beads snapped off and there was an unpleasant tearing sound, she did not stop me. The blue sapphire bracelet hit the ground next to my fallen gown with a clang . I stood in just my slip and garter. The wedding strain began to hum throughout the church, urging the bride out of her quarters. Knock. Knock. Knock. "Hermione?" called Ginny. "Hermione, it's time." "One moment, dear," called my mother. "I have to get out of here," I insisted, panicking. My mother held her hand to her heart, tears flowing freely from her eyes. "Tell them I'm sorry," I implored, sobbing desperately now, "and that one day, I hope they'll understand." "Hermione..." "You were right, Mum," I gasped. "You were always right about Destiny. She's real. But only I have the power to change my destiny. Only I have the means to be who I'm destined to be." "I love you and I am proud of the woman you are becoming," she whispered, placing a kiss on my brow. "I'll tell Arthur what has happened; Molly will be too hysterical for me to calm and I don't want her persuading you differently from your decision. Here are the keys to the car. I'll meet you at the house. We'll make all the arrangements we need to when the time comes." "Thank you, Mum." I edged toward the back door of the bridal room as my mother slipped into the hallway. I heard Ginny's entrance into the bridal room, wondering what was taking so long, but by then I was already sprinting down the lawn. I knew what she must have found-a torn up wedding dress, a blue sapphire bracelet, and an empty room. I knew she would understand what that display meant and I knew that, in time, she would come to forgive me. I could only hope the same for the rest of the Weasley's, especially Ron. As I drove away in my mother's blue sedan, the clock in the bell tower of the church struck noon, and the sound bellowed after us for what seemed like miles, hollering my betrayal. But with it seemed to echo another voice, a male voice, one I couldn't exactly place. From my memory? A dream? And with it gave me new hope. "I believe we are meant to be, and one way or another you'll come to realize that, whether it be an act of destiny or choice, or something of a higher power. We were meant to cross paths, and even if we die this very instant, we'll find each other again. Our souls are connected. Enemies, friends, lovers, whatever it may be-I can't live my life without you in it." "I will love you forever." In my heart, I knew I would find the man, one day, who would say those very same words to me. And I knew with overpowering certainty that, at that moment, I would feel it in my heart that it was right. And when asked the question, "Are you making the right decision?" I could finally, without a doubt, reply, Yes.