exasperated when Dumbledore was finished. "As our headmaster said you have nothing to worry about..." But she saw the disturbance on Lupin's aura. "Miss Rivadeneira welcome to Hogwarts" the old wizard smiled kindly at her while approaching an empty seat at her left. "Thank you professor Dumbledore and very pleased to meet you" she stood to shook his hand and he surprised her with a kiss on her cheek. "It's customary isn't it?" She blushed and decided she really liked this old man. "After dinner I would like to have a word with you and Professor Lupin if you're not too tired from all that traveling" she nodded while taking back her seat. In front of her appeared all kinds of meals meticulously prepared by the house elves, she helped herself some boiled potatoes, roast beef and stuffed cabbages. Dinner went quietly with the small chatter of students here and there and the sound of plates and forks war. "Well I understand you've excelled in every class you had at Castelo Bruxo and brought along several recommendation letters from your headmaster to the king himself" She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "Professor Dumbledore... I want to receive a regular treatment..." He raised a hand in front of her "I know dear... I read your letter before anything else. "He showed her a piece of parchment."I pay no mind to what others may say of my students, others judgment might be clouded with expectations and prejudice..." She breathed relieved and muttered a small thank you. "But... We did a research on you, that much we are guilty of" she looked at Lupin's face perplexed "Professor Dumbledore if I may..." The old man simply nodded. "We know of your powers, how you can be a source of magical power, and we're glad you decided to come here precisely during this time..." She gasped finally getting where he was going, she paced back and forth in the round office being closely watched by former headmasters. "It's okay really we can't force you to do anything and we won't treat you any different if you refuse to help us..." "It's not that..." She interrupted him "I want to help you more than anything professor, I can't seat patiently waiting for chaos to develop. But you have to understand that this power you think I have it's also really dangerous..." Dumbledore stood and placed a hand on her shoulder "We understand that, we just want to know we can count on you when the time comes" He buried his pupils on hers and she trembled, his grip on her shoulder tightened for a fraction of a second."What exactly do you want me to do?"she looked him straight to the eyes. Dumbledore went back to his chair and sighed heavily. "You heard me mention Sirius Black at dinner, we think he may be after Harry to finish what he started 12 years ago" Remus offered her more chocolate and she gladly took it. "Harry's story is well known where I come from, God… I'm often compared to him." Dumbledore nodded for her to continue. "My parents were killed by a dark wizard too, I survived thanks to the king who sent an army of aurors to stop him, now I serve him and everyone who stands against dark forces, I can't break my vows." Remus smiled as he approached her from behind. "We're not asking you to face Sirius Black, but Harry has a tendency for getting in trouble so all we ask from you is to be with him and…" "And to extend my protective charm to him." she interrupted focusing in the chocolate in her hand. "I can track Black too if you want…" "No, that won't be necessary, we can't risk your wellbeing so please refrain from doing so" Dumbledore kept her gaze fixed at her and his powerful aura shone making elegant swirls around him. "Well I think that's all, you'd have your own room until you decide it different and you're pretty much welcome to ask the sorting hat which house you belong to..." The sudden change in the atmosphere had her dizzy and she almost stumbled after she stood. "Thank you professor but I'd rather not do it this year at least... I would like to get acquaintance with each house first." The walk out of his office was harder than she thought, she felt drained and exhausted. "This man is so ambiguous I don't know how to feel, it's like I could trust him my life because I know he could kill anyone easily... He's just badass" Remus chuckled at her description while he helped her steady her walk. "You're not too shabby yourself, beautiful aura you have, full of sad dots here and there it's almost like a starry night... And..." She suddenly stopped in front of him, the moonlight melting through the window cutting his scarred face in half. "You're a werewolf." She said it in a whisper but he heard it loud and clear like a knife cutting into silk. "How...?" She took a step further to sniff him "I met a few in my Homeland, not all of them are wizards... It's alright, your secret is safe with me." They arrived to her room and Remus opened the door for her. "This is yours and mine it's just next door... I... Look, my condition is something..." She took his hand to send a rush of energy towards him, he instantly relaxed in the warmth he felt, every single cell of his body rejoiced at the overwhelming feeling. "It's alright... Nothing to worry about, you're not dangerous and you will not harm anyone professor." Her calmed voice fill the room smoothly like honey on a polished surface. "Thank you... I really needed that, look...As Professor Dumbledore said you don't have to do anything risky..." She took her hand away and entered her room silently "I'll behave." He nodded and bid her good night.