was currently sleeping contentedly next to him right now. He was completely hysterical. "What do we do?" He nearly shouted it and George slapped his hand on Percy's mouth as Fred hurriedly checked the map. After a tense minute or so it was clear that Peter Pettigrew was not coming down to check on the noise and neither was anyone else. The next hour was spent debating what to do next. Percy wanted to tell the teachers but was eventually persuaded not to until they had solid proof. Yes they had the map but, although there had never been any fault with the map, it was an enchanted item from an unknown enchanter so it'd never be taken seriously. With that settled they had to decide which way to try to discover proof. By far the easiest way was to do the animagus test, it was the only way they could think of that wouldn't alert the caster until the deed was done. If indeed Scabbers was Peter Pettigrew then they had caught him out, their memories could be used as proof. If he wasn't then there was no harm done. Percy was so anxious to test it that he insisted they do it the very next morning. The whole night before was awful for all three boys. On their way up to bed each boy checked in on their brother's room and sure enough all they could see were the five boys who were supposed to be there. Percy's heart sank as he trudged up to bed, fear and sadness coursing through him and he was completely unable to sleep. He was so distracted that he never changed out of his clothes, when he laid down in bed or when he climbed out of it. Instead the moment the sun rose above the mountains he rushed down to the common room and waited for Ron to wake. As he waited and waited the common room filled up and emptied with the normal morning rushes; people waking, waiting for friends, heading down to breakfast, coming back for books or supplies they'd forgotten that they needed for class or to drag out a friend who was oversleeping. Harry Potter and Ronald Weasley were such examples of the latter, Harry dragging Ron down the stairs, each messily put together with only forty minutes to eat breakfast and get to class. Percy took a calming breath and stalked up to them, ignoring their slightly concerned looks just as he had done all morning with everyone else, and bluntly said, "I need Scabbers for a project. He'll be back by lunch." Ron blinked up in sleepy confusion before slowly rummaging through his disaster of a bag before finally pulling out an equally tired Scabbers who clearly had been nibbling on some of Ron's parchment. Ron grumbled at this sight and roughly handed him to Percy. "No skin off my back, rat's always eating up my homework. I swear it's like he knows exactly which parchment is notes and which is homework and purposefully eats my homework." Percy swallowed the lump in his throat, hoping slightly that the fact that Scabbers was eating parchment was a sign that he was a true rat and not an animagus. Harry and Ron stumbled off to breakfast and Percy rushed out and to the nearest empty hall, his grip as firm as possible the whole way. Once alone he Stupefied Scabbers, relieved to see that it worked despite the fact that he'd only practiced it a few times in the past. With that done he felt slightly relieved as he rushed down to the ground floor. On the ground floor, in the empty classroom next to the Transfiguration classroom Fred had gone completely white and George had immediately rushed from the room looking as though he was going to vomit. Fred had just cleared the map and stuffed it into his bag when George walked in with a slightly annoyed Professor McGonagall in tow. The door close with a click and Professor McGonagall eyed the nervous twins, "Now what is this that you want to show me?" Before either twin could answer the door open again and Percy walked in with a limp rat in hand. Upon seeing Professor McGonagall his heart jumped in fear. "No… No." Fred just grabbed the rat and placed it on a nearby table while Professor McGonagall watched on in bewilderment. "What on earth has gotten into you boys?" None of them answered, they all simply pulled out their wands, aimed them steadily at the rat and shouted, "Forma Mutaverum!" Before she could even process what the spell was a blue light shot out of each of their wands and landed on the rat. It was like watching a tree grow, but extremely fast. The passed out rat quickly grew to over a hundred times it size into a huge, poorly groomed man. She couldn't even think of what to say at the sight of this man who was slowly dozing. Percy was crying heavily as he shouted the stunning spell over and over. Each version was extremely weak but with nearly twenty successive shots at an unsuspecting and only half awake man it quickly overpowered him and he passed out. Percy collapsed and continued to sob in shock at all that happened. Neither of the twins knew what to say as they stared at the man and Professor McGonagall slowly bound the man and floated him to the hospital wing. Professor Dumbledore questioned each of the boys individually. Each had fessed up to the existence of the map but for some reason it wasn't confiscated. Instead they each received fifty points to Gryffindor, a special services award from the school, a calming draught, and mind healing sessions with Madam Pomfrey. Ron was kept out of the whole affair, aside from the fact that Professor Dumbledore himself returned Scabbers to him, though mysteriously he had regrown a toe and his ear was fixed.