properties with us - an apartment somewhere in London and the Potter Manor which was still intact. For some reason I kept thinking that it was all broken or in ruins. My brother was the heir to the Black family. He was named as such by Sirius Black. There were two trust funds for us from the Black Vaults. We checked our heritages and as suspected the two of us were descendants of Slytherin and Cadmus Peverell from our mother and Gryffindor and Ignotus Peverell from our father. We could not claim anything because most of those vaults were converted. Slytherin and the middle Peverell became Gaunts, Gryffindor and Ignotus became Potters. Though I could claim Antioch's accounts. Yes, they existed even back in those days. And the only reason I could claim Antioch's accounts was because I was Master of Death, a title that now the Goblins knew about. That was quite a funny reaction, thankfully we now had allies among Goblins. We visited our trust fund vaults and then headed to main vaults. I was pleasantly surprised when I reached the Potter vaults. There lying in front of me was the Cloak of Invisibility. "Woah, that is some cloak." Harry exclaimed as he wore it. "Yeah… It is cool." I took the cloak from him, as I took it, the cloak fitted itself around me like some kind of a coat. I didn't turn invisible though. "What just happened?" I figured it was a Master of Death thing. "May be it is because I am the heir, or the head of the family." "Oh yeah, what do you think that means?" I shrugged "We have two months to figure it out." "Hmmm..." We just checked around for few things. There were few notes on potion making and something that looked like a grimoire. It was mom's. "I think you should have this." I gave it to my brother. He looked up to me in question "I have the cloak, which I think must have been used by our father. So you get mom's stuff." "Oh, does that mean you won't let me use the cloak?" "I never said that. I just meant that you get to keep it. Obviously we can take these stuff when we need it." "Oh cool, because think of all things we can do with the cloak." I just shook my head. We then headed to Antioch's vaults. It mostly had lot of notes, on necromancy. It had few of his personal journals as well. And there was a box. On opening it I found a stick. As if in a trance I picked it up and just as I did I could feel something shift in me. Like setting a piece of puzzle in a right place and I got a flash of a vision of some sort. It was gone before I could understand anything. It was the elder wand. I wondered what was going on. It was my first day in the Wizarding world and I already had two hallows with me. It felt like getting the Loot without even battling a Boss level monster. Wasn't Dumbledore supposed to have the two of them? Then why were they in the vaults? Did it mean that Dumbledore didn't have these things with him? Something was messed up in this universe. If things were going to be this easy at the beginning, I had a strong suspicion that later on it would be difficult. Once we were done with all our account stuff we took some money from one of the vaults, deciding to not touch the other vaults for now. "Is there anything else?" Ragnok asked. They became quite polite after knowing my status as MoD. "Yeah, I have two questions actually." "Yes." "First, what does the wizarding world in general think of wizards who talk to snakes?" "A parselmouth?" "Yes, you know that our mother was related to the Slytherin family." "Yes. The last known parselmouth was the Dark Lord. And the one before that was known to be Slytherin. In general parselmouths don't have a good reputation. We goblins do not know of any other parselmouths, but I suggest that you keep you abilities to talk to snakes hidden." Harry nodded frantically at that. "And the other thing I wanted to know was if you invest in non magical business?" "Yes, we do invest sometimes. Many muggleborns seem interested in those things." "Oh, that is cool. I will send you an owl soon. I have some companies that I am interested in." We parted and headed towards the Robes shop. The Goblins suggested some stores for all the things that we needed, so first we headed to Twilfit and Taftings. It was empty. For which I was glad. Then we headed to the Potage's Cauldron Shop, Flourish and Blotts, the Eeylops Owl Emporium from where my brother got Hedwig, Slug and Jiggers Apothecary, and then to the Ollivanders. My brother got a 11" holly wand with phoenix feather core, which was a brother to Voldemort's wand. I was surprised. I had thought that now that my brother was not a Horcrux he would not get the brother wand. But Death said it was destiny, certain things would remain unchanged. Harry was creeped out by Ollivander though. It was funny. I just shrugged. I wished I had an animal as well, that would have been cool. It would kind of fanfic cliche having a phoenix or some mythical animal or even snake, but none of the birds in the Eeylops really clicked with me. We still had an hour to go so we headed to Magical Menagerie, where I found a crow. It was black and way too dark. I totally didn't want it. I wanted a cool bird. And this was not even a summon, it was just a messenger bird. It cawed. "What are you going to name it?" "Itachi." "You and your comics." "For God sake! It's manga."