and unpleasant events, yet even in that unlikely scenario, she knew she would always feel the need to try harder in his presence. Thoughts of Snape took her back to a time she hadn't dwelt upon for six years. A particular morning sprang to mind back when she, Harry and Ron had been hiding out at number twelve, Grimmauld Place. Details became vivid again as the darkness, and Hermione's tired brain, facilitated the onslaught of memory. In the kitchen of Sirius Black's old house, she recalled the brightly burning fire in the hearth. She remembered entering the room and noticing the cauldron on the table centre, still smoking; the smell had erupted from its contents and promised to make reparation of the empty hole in her stomach, which growled appreciatively at the sight. She recalled Harry and Ron who were sitting at the table. Harry had been poring over an open copy of theDaily Prophet, and Ron was sitting back comfortably in his chair as he sipped his tea. Both had looked up as she entered the room. Ron's startled expression as he regarded her was as clear in her thoughts as it had been on the day itself. 'Blimey!' he remarked, 'you look like Hagrid on a bad day.' 'Thanks for that, Ronald,' she replied waspishly. 'I fell asleep in Regulus' old room... I have no idea why.' 'You alright?' he asked. Evidently, the event of falling asleep on Regulus Black's bed was quite the cause for concern. 'Yes. Yes, I'm fine.' She had been unable to explain that she felt like some fairytale heroine newly awakened from an unnatural sleep. 'There's some soup left, Hermione,' said Harry, who had glanced up from his Daily Prophetand exchanged glances with Ron. Hermione helped herself to a bowl of hot broth and looked around for Kreacher to thank before settling down to her meal. 'He's probably in his cupboard, polishing his locket,' said Ron, noticing her perusal of the room. Hermione listened to Ron and Harry as they collated the information from their latest reconnaissance mission to the Ministry. She wasn't sure why she was keeping her new, strange piece of information to herself; she only knew that she didn't want to share the fact that, upon waking, she had found next to her bed a small crystal vial with the words "Phoenix Tears" written on the label in handwriting too tiny to decipher. Beside the vial was a piece of parchment upon which was a single sentence, written in her own hand: Keep Phineas Black's portrait close The familiarity of her own handwriting and an overwhelming, yet unaccountable, feeling of trust in the treasures had prevented her from declaring a breach of security to Harry and Ron. Hermione had the strongest sensation that there was something benevolent behind the gifts of a potent ingredient and what had appeared to be an essential piece of advice. Hermione was brought back to this evening's dilemma by Crookshanks, who had stretched out comfortably before settling himself back into a furry, formless tangerine cushion, oblivious to the witch who lay brooding beside him, as far away from sleep as he was from anxiety. 'Severus Snape thinks he owes me a life-debt,' she whispered out loud to her sleeping companion. 'What if he does?' Hermione was not given to keeping secrets; she preferred openness to concealment, sincerity to discretion. There were few things that she kept exclusively to herself: a birthmark in the shape of a cauldron (or a bowler hat depending on your angle) on her left knee, a propensity for talking out loud to Lavinia, her stuffed rabbit, and the fact that on 2nd May 1998, she had saved Severus Snape's life as he lay dying in the Shrieking Shack. At least, she had assumed not a soul knew about that. However, it seemed that Snape himself was perfectly aware of that detail. He had even guessed at how she had done it, and he certainly didn't seem pleased at the prospect of owing Hermione a big grateful hug. On the contrary, all evidence seemed to suggest that if she admitted her part in his survival, his thanks would very likely be expressed with all the diffidence of a well-aimed Blasting Curse. She had never even considered the possibility of Snape owing her a life-debt. He had saved Harry's life plenty of times when they were students at Hogwarts, and she was sure that Snape did not now consider Harry to be in his debt. Perhaps he saw it as reparation for his own sins, but Hermione wondered if there was more to life-debt lore than just saving a life and being owed one in return. There had to be other factors to be considered. It was clear that Snape had no intention of returning whatever of hers it was that he held in custody; he was dangling it before her eyes like a surprise birthday gift, forbidden to be opened until she said 'please'. But, he didn't want her to beg for the prize: he wanted an admission—an admission she was even more afraid to make now than she had been for the past six years. Hermione Granger dealt with her problems with reason and sense. She wanted her unforeseen gift very much; it gnawed ferociously at her curiosity, and if she had to reveal her secret to Snape in order to get it, then she was prepared to do so. But, she had no intention of confronting him without being fully armed this time. Knowledgeis what she required; she must research the laws pertaining to life-debt magic before she dared to face him a second time. She needed to be in a position to reassure him that he was not, once again, enslaved to a principle. Reassured by her new strategy of visiting the extensive Ministry library the next day, Hermione finally fell asleep as the first rays of sunlight seeped through her curtains and brought relief to the darkness within.