from her fist. "Three, two, one…" she ticked off. Nova rounded the bend, her KSG up and tracking. I was right on her heels. As we stormed the room, I caught vague glimpses of desks, chairs, floating parchment, a dozen desk jockeys, and two security guards. Security got the first taser shells; both collapsed in a mess of spasming muscles. The paper pushers got the rest. The three of us worked our way systematically through the Ministry employees, downing everyone as they tried to escape. Nova tagged the last conscious target and darted through the shower of pamphlets, making a beeline for the prominent mahogany door at the other end of the room. I caught a glimpse of the name Dolores and the word Under-Secretary before Nova blew the door off its hinges with a " Confringo! " And lit off every Caterwauling Charm in our vicinity. Shit, shit, SHIT! If Nova weren't so focused on the end goal and paused to think for two seconds, maybe it would occur to her that setting off alarms would be a bad idea. Decreases our chances of survival, so I've heard. Well, that cut down our timetable rather drastically. "Justin, get them out of here, now!" I roared over the wailing alarms. A pulse of grey, and the incapacitated Ministry employees jerked upright, suspended by invisible strings. Justin flicked his wrist, and the limp bodies shuffled awkwardly out of the room, away from us and towards relative safety. Which, you know, tends to be the same thing. Nova stepped out of the office, ripped the daisy-chained pins out of a bandolier's worth of incendiary grenades, and heaved the whole shebang back the way she came. A string of detonations later, and Dolores had her own personal bonfire. "List destroyed?" I asked as Nova walked by, briskly dusting her hands off. She glanced toward the raging inferno. "I'd say so." Well, time for my contribution then. I waited for Justin and Nova to exit the room before saying, " Ignitus. " Fire erupted from my Floating Point, a stream of plasma that reduced everything it touched to ash. I scythed the torrent back and forth across the headquarters of the Muggle-born Registration Commision, erasing the Ministry's anti-Muggle department from existence. Justice via property destruction achieved, I sprinted after my friends, navigating the maze of corridors at reckless speed, half-expecting a Killing Curse at every corner. None came. In fact, we made it to the elevators without encountering any opposition. Huh. Maybe we had overestimated the Ministry's security forces. The elevator's golden grilles closed safely behind me, and the alarms faded away. Nova tossed me a crumpled wad of card stock and parchment. "Here. Got you a souvenir." "Aw, you shouldn't have." I smoothed out the report. A Eurasian lady with long auburn hair and hazel eyes glared back at me. I sighed. Of all the photos floating around, they chose this one. I can explain the shredded clothing and the bruises on my neck, I swear. See, there was this giant Devil's Snare, and all I had was this tiny lighter… Attached to the picture was a short synopsis. ALEXANDRA SINCLAIR BLOOD STATUS: Half-blood with unacceptable Muggle leanings. Known member of the Chocolate Mr. Whippy (?) terrorist group. Former member of Experimental Unit Sierra, Colonial Department of Mysteries. FAMILY: Thomas Sinclair (father, Muggle), Irene Mori (mother, pureblood). No known siblings. SECURITY STATUS: This person has been designated UNDESIRABLE NO. 66. Guilty of mass murder, acts of terrorism and sedition, breaking and entering, impersonating a Ministry official, illegal use of Acid Pops. At large, considered armed and extremely dangerous. Last confirmed sighting: Diagon Alley. KNOWN ASSOCIATES: Chocolate Mr. Whippy: Justin Chang, [NAME REDACTED] Order of the Phoenix: the Weasley family, Cho Chang, Remus Lupin, Kingsley Shacklebolt. Chocolate Mr. Whippy? It took me a moment to convert the British English to American English. Chocolate soft serve. Honestly, the quality of Ministry staff these days. Okay, okay, I have to give credit where credit was due; besides that soft serve bit, the Ministry analysts had put together a fairly accurate report. They even got the Sierra designation correct; that information wasn't easy to come by. "Undesirable number sixty six?" I complained. "I have a two-digit body count and I haven't broken top fifty? Who's number one?" "Harry Potter" was Nova's reply. Justin frowned. Um, let's just say he doesn't like Harry very much, not since those few months Potter dated his cousin. Now those were interesting conversations; they'd begin with Cho calling in tears after a fight with Harry and end with Justin cleaning his USP, staring at a lit fireplace. I'm still not sure how many times I managed to talk him out of hauling across the pond and murdering the Chosen Boy Who Lived. I veered off that subject at top speed; shouldn't mention Potter to Justin lest there be homicidal consequences, especially now we were on the same side of the pond. "Right, so once we reach the Atrium, we should – " A frigid shiver crawled up my spine, wound its way down my throat, and dropped into the pit of my stomach. A gloom descended on the elevator, a blanket of despair that smothered all thoughts and senses. "Level Eight, Atrium," the elevator announced. The doors cracked open, revealing row upon row of slimy scabbed hands and tattered robes. A lumpy woman in black and gold stood at the forefront, graced with a velvet bow and a passing resemblance to Jabba the Hutt. Dolores Umbridge. Flanking her were two men. Death Eaters. Fuck . A twittering laugh emerged from Dolores. "You didn't expect to get away with this, did you?" I winced. That was one high-pitched voice. "Do you know what the Ministry does to – " Dolores's voice trailed off when she got a proper look at us. Her eyes bulged and her mouth gaped open, as if she had just swallowed something particularly sour. Nova stepped forward. "Hello, Mother."