alone. "I am grateful for that, but currently we have vacated the premises." "What's wrong?" asked Charlie, exasperation growing at her relatives' persistence and the glasses smacking into their heads. She nimbly reached out and collected the drinks, moving to set them on the top of the mantle. "The house has belonged to generations of Blacks. We cannot be certain if there have been enchantments placed to prevent an outsider from gaining ownership. If that is the case, the house will go to the last of Sirius' living relatives, Bellatrix Lestrange." Charlie's blood ran cold. While she didn't want the house, there was no way she was going to let his killer inherit it. "How are we supposed to tell if it's mine or not?" "Easily. If you have inherited the house, then you have also inherited Kreacher." With another flick of his wand a creature appeared, with reddened eyes and ears akin to a bat. At the sight of Charlie, Kreacher threw himself to the floor and started shouting, "Kreacher won't do it! Kreacher only serves the noble Blacks! Kreacher won't serve a filthy half-blood!" As he pounded his fists against the carpet, the Dursleys recoiled in horror. "What is it?" shrieked Petunia. "It's okay!" said Charlie, speaking loudly over Kreacher's cries. "It's just a house-elf." "A what ?" "Never mind, just ignore him." Charlie turned back to Kreacher with some resentment. It was because of his lies that she rushed off to the Ministry in the first place, and why Sirius came after her. But she knew that giving to Kreacher to Bellatrix was a disastrous move. "What do I have to do?" she asked hesitantly. "If you give him an order and he obeys, the problem is solved. But if not, we are going to have to figure out another means of keeping Kreacher away from his mistress." A particular loud scream from Kreacher caused Charlie to flinch. "Kreacher, please, be quiet!" Kreacher jolted, his hands flying to his throat. He choked for a moment, unable to make a sound, and he flattened to the floor, angry tears in his eyes. Dumbledore beamed. "Well now, that's all we needed to know. Number twelve Grimmauld Place and Kreacher are yours." Charlie eyed the house-elf, feeling a sudden stab of pity. Being angry at him would not fix anything. He was who he was because of the behaviour and treatment of the wizards he served. Sirius had mistreated him, and though Charlie did not fault him for it, she knew it wasn't right. Maybe she could fix the damage generations of Blacks had caused. "Does he have to stay there alone?" she asked. "Dobby works in the kitchens when I'm at school. Maybe he could help out too." Dumbledore gave an approving nod. "That's a lovely idea." "Kreacher, I would like you to work in the Hogwarts kitchens," she said gently. "Dobby will help you if you need it." With a glower of hatred, Kreacher obeyed. With that taken care of, Dumbledore glanced at Charlie and said, "I believe you are all packed, yes?" "Yes sir." "Then in a moment, we shall be off." Facing the Dursleys, he continued, "In a year, Charlotte will come of age." "No, she won't," spoke Petunia, causing Charlie to blink in surprise. "She's a month younger than Dudley. She won't turn eighteen for another two years." "That is true. However, in the wizarding world, children become adults at the age of seventeen," informed Dumbledore. "As I am sure Charlotte has told you, Lord Voldemort has returned. The magical world is at war. Voldemort's prime target is Charlotte, who he has tried to kill on many occasions. She is in great danger. More so than she was when I left her on your doorstep all those years ago. I had hoped that you would raise Charlotte as part of your family." The air in the room chilled by several degrees, though Dumbledore's expression remained calm. "You have ignored her, mistreated her, starved her and forced her to do more labour than any child should. My only consolation for leaving her with you is that she did not turn out to be like her unfortunate cousin." "What do you mean by that?" blustered Vernon. "Your home has been protected by magic I evoked fifteen years ago," continued Dumbledore, speaking as if Vernon had not said anything. "Despite the misery and loneliness you put Charlotte through, she calls this place home, because she understands the risks you took by taking her in, however grudgingly. When given the chance to live with her godfather, she turned it down, determined to return to this place and ensure you would be protected. When she turns seventeen, the magic will expire. I ask that you allow her to return for a period of time next summer, before her birthday, so that the magic will continue until the time is up." There was a period of silence. Vernon glared at the floor, seeming as if he was no longer able to speak. Petunia's cheeks were flushed, a small frown on her features. Dudley was looking between his parents, brow furrowed in confusion. "It is time for us to be off." Dumbledore stood, smoothing out his cloak. "Until next time." He swept out of the room and Charlie followed after him, lingering in the doorway for a moment. "I'll see you next summer," she said, waving a hand in farewell. "Like Professor Dumbledore said, the magic will protect you. I've been here long enough to keep it going. You'll be safe. Um, so, see you later." She hurried into the entrance hall and stood next to Dumbledore. "I will send these to the Burrow to await your arrival," he said. "But first, it would be best if you remove your Invisibility Cloak." Charlie complied and her stuff was sent away. Dumbledore opened the front door, leading into the dark night, and said, "Let us go, Charlotte, and see what waits for us."