her lost amongst the dusty tomes in the library when he was trying to escape the company of others, or become painfully aware of the enjoyment she shared in the embrace of Durmstrang's champion. Why did this bother him? It did not bother him. It could not possibly bother him. He did not care. She was interesting, nothing more. Killian, as he had several times over the previous year, dismissed it as such. After all, she was merely a student. Killian had neither the time nor desire for anything so trivial. "Dammit!" he cursed under his breath as another attempt to levitate his books fell short of his expectations. He was distracted. For all he tried, he could not clear his mind. Why had he gone to the dance? How bad could the consequences possibly have been if he had simply disobeyed Professor Snape's orders? If nothing else, he surely would have been in a better state of mind than the one in which he found himself currently. Sometimes, however, things happen for a reason. Sometimes, even when it seems that everything is going wrong, it is really just fate's way of putting things in order. Killian had never believed in fate. But as he sat there, embracing the darkness, simultaneously enjoying and loathing his solitude, his disbelief would be challenged. "Fraternizing with the enemy," came a frustrated voice from the top of the stairs. Curious as to whom had invaded his area of seclusion, Killian grabbed his books and peered out from under the stairs, glancing up to find the source. It was then that he saw her. Hermione Granger. No longer dressed in her eloquent ball gown, she was now in simple casual attire. Even so, the mere vision of her captivated Killian beyond his control as she glanced about, clearly unsure as to where she was. You have got to be kidding me , Killian thought as he stared at Hermione, a devilish grin emerging. . . . After a private dance that was cut regretfully short by the intrusion of Professor Snape, Killian made his way back to the Slytherin common room, his adrenaline still pumping, a sensation pulsing through his body that he had never experienced in all his years. He could still sense the touch of her skin, the scent of her perfume. How the night had turned. Killian had spent better part of four years isolating himself from everyone around him, and now all he could think about was when he could see her again, his mysterious little Gryffindor. A Gryffindor … Of all things, a Gryffindor. He sat down on the long leather couch, staring at the ceiling. Everyone else had been long asleep by that time, so the common room was completely deserted. It was so quiet, in fact, that it was impossible not to notice when Professor Snape entered, stern and cold. "Mr. Finn," he requested. "A word, if you please." "Professor," Killian apologized as he got up from the couch. "I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have been out … I should have been at the Ball … I was there for a bit, but …" he babbled on, trying to organize his thoughts. "Yes," Snape interrupted. "I am aware that you fulfilled your obligations regarding the Yule Ball by definition, if not in spirit. However, I wish to discuss this evening's events regarding Miss Granger. How long have you two been … engaging with one another?" It took a moment for Killian to translate Snape's meaning. Normally, Killian was rather good at interpreting Snape's cryptic innuendos, but presently, his mind was a bit unfocused. "Not long," Killian answered finally, unsure exactly how to explain. "I mean, not at all. Just tonight actually. By accident, really. We were just dancing." "Not enough dancing at the Ball?" Snape queried, his eyes narrowing. "She was upset," Killian answered. "Really?" Snape drolled. "I mean, she seemed upset," Killian clarified. "I thought it a pity that her night should end in such a manner." "How noble of you," Snape remarked, rich with sarcasm. "Your father would be very proud." "I rather doubt that," Killian dismissed. The sternly ominous Potions master's eyes almost seemed to soften slightly at Killian's remark, but his expression remained cold and constant. "Be that as it may," he warned. "You should be made aware that Miss Granger has a tendency to keep questionable company." "You mean Potter?" Killian laughed. "You must be joking. He's just a—" "Oftentimes people are judged by the company they keep," Snape interrupted, "rather than the content of their character. You would be best to realize that now, before you find yourself interwoven with dubious concourse." It seemed such an odd comment in reference to Hermione's friendship with Harry Potter? Professor Snape often spoke to Killian in riddles and hidden meanings. And while Killian was certain this was one of those situations, whatever was being insinuated was completely lost on him. As before, however, Killian was euphorically distracted. Attempting to sift through any sort of cryptic quandary would be futile. "Furthermore," Snape went on, "I do not wish for Miss Granger to be interfering with your studies." "I'm your best student, Professor," Killian reassured. "I have no intention of relinquishing that honor." "Excellent," Snape said as the faintest shadow of a smile very nearly broke through the corner of his mouth before reverting back into his customary scowl. "Then I have nothing further for you. It is after hours. Off to bed." "Good night, Professor," Killian said. Snape returned a curt nod before turning about and heading out the Slytherin House. It would be several more hours before Killian finally drifted off to sleep. As he lay awake in his bed, he wondered if Hermione, too, might also be awake, going over the night's events in her head. He laughed at the idea, sure the night meant far more to him than it did to her. Although he hoped against hope that he was wrong.