no strangers to the terms of friends with benefits. The two of them have been fooling around for the last three years. They had kept in touch after the war, which both were relieved to find the other alive after being surrounded by death. While the letters passed back and forth a few months at a time, nothing regularly, they didn't start their dynamic until she ran into him with Ginny at her Harpies game. When Ginny went off to face off against the other team, she was left with Viktor to watch her fly around on her broom, they had mutually somehow agreed to their current situation. She swore to Ginny time and time again that the two of them were not dating . And at first, her best friend accepted that fact. But now that she was the only friend that wasn't married, or at least seeing someone, Ginny's concern grew. Of course, Hermione played it off. She was perfectly fine. Right? When Viktor came to Britain, he and Hermione would hook up in her flat, mostly for the comfortable companionship. Viktor was fit, and he didn't stop watching her when they were in the same room together. It was obvious his affections were there, but she had said that their flings could only be just that. And the quidditch player agreed, especially that he was in his prime of the game and brought his team to victory quite a few times. And his large, callused hands would roam her skin as he sweetly made love to her. Hermione was always excited when Viktor came to town, especially since she would spend some personal time with him. To hell with it; the shagging was great. Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, scribbling down a hypothetical day and time, she signed the letter with her normal stamp from the Ministry. She folded the paper and sealed it with her wand before handing to the owl's waiting talons. "See you later, Boris," Hermione called out as the owl flew from her window, soaring off into the air. With her heart light and her body humming in sexual excitement, the witch forced herself back into her work. . . . When she came back after the lunch hour—where she certainly did not eat—she marched back over to Theo's office and opened the door. She found no need to knock. But apparently she should have. Her foot was already through the door before she actually took a look inside of the office. The tingling of magic ghosted over her skin as she walked through the muffliato charm and the sudden onslaught of sounds hit her as the door softly clicked shut behind her. Specifically the sounds of Draco Malfoy moaning Theodore Nott's name and the distinct slap of flesh meeting together. Her eyes blew wide and her mouth popped open with a disgruntled squeak. Theo— Theodore Nott —had his shirt unbutton and his glorious chest displayed with the slightest sheen of sweat highlighting his muscles that rippled as he thrusted into. . . Her eyes slowly trailed down to where Theo's pants should have been buttoned up, but instead she was greeted with the sight of the little trail of hair that her eyes couldn't help to follow down into. . . Draco. . . she should not have been staring. Having an appreciation for Theo and his alluring body was enough. . . but Draco was on his back and stretched across the dark wood of the desk. It contrasted perfectly against his pale skin— —that was entirely on display. He was stark arse naked. She could see everything . Heat crawled across her skin and her mouth suddenly felt dry. His chest was hairless and his pink taunt nipples stood out against his skin. Her eyes flickered over the slight, round, redden marks that looked smarted. Bite marks. She shivered. Dear Merlin! Hermione wanted to stop herself from staring. She wanted to rip her eyes away from the provocative scene before her and hide in her office. . . or perhaps go home to deal with the sudden wave of desire that flooded through her body, tingling all the way down to the pit of her stomach. She wanted to trace the trial of Draco's bite marks with her tongue. She wanted to. . . What did she want to do? Her eyes followed the path of the marks, mapping a route to only one destination. . . There was a particular bruised looking bite right above the dusting of pale hair at Draco's groin that Hermione could see the individual indentations of Theo's teeth . Holy Merlin! She should have not let her eyes wander, but of course she now stared at his cock which looked painfully strained, fully erect, and bobbed with Theo's thrusts—he was still going? Had they not heard her come in? Her head felt suddenly light. But even with this newfound information that she could escape with her dignity intact, her feet didn't move a single inch. Her attention snapped to Draco's face at a particular sound that just made her look . His cheeks were flushed pink in lust. His lips were apart, his breath rushing between them. And his eyes—his eyes were open and locked onto her. Heat flooded to her cheeks and down her neck and the prat actually smirked . Her eyes flew to Theo and he too, was watching her. . . All while still thrusting. Holy. Fucking. Merlin. She wanted nothing more than to spontaneously combust right then and there. "Want to join us, Granger?" Draco's voice was raspy and thick with arousal and yet it was still snarky as his lips pulled into a shite eating grin. When she fled out of Theo's office for the second time, it was Draco's chuckle that chased her. Author's Note : If you made it all the way to the end, let me know what you think so far! :)