her a love potion but I tested her and nothing showed up. I knew she was covering something up." She said. Remus chuckled. "You, me, and Albus are the only ones that know." He said. "Its best that way." She said. Harry started crying. Remus picked him up out of the highchair and rocked him soothingly. Marlene just watched the scene fondly. After Harry calmed, Remus fed Harry and himself. Marlene had headed to bed. Remus after eating and feeding Harry he carried Harry exhaustedly up the stairs and to his room. He curled up next to Harry who had fallen asleep while being carried upstairs and was instantly asleep as well. Harry awoke him a few hours later having a nighmare he calmed him down eventually but this was going to be a long night. When Remus awoke Harry was gone. He shot out of bed in a panic. "Marlene! Have you seen….." He trailed off as he saw Harry and Aria in highchairs. Marlene had transfigured one of the kitchen chairs into a highchair until they could buy one. Remus sighed in relief. "Nevermind.." He said. He walked up to his son. "Hello Harry how are you this morning." Harry and Aria were covered in baby food. Remus laughed. "I would wager they got more on them than in them." He said. Marlene shook her head fondly. "I know those two especially together are so much like their fathers…" She trailed off as her smile turned to a frown and she looked on the verge of tears. Remus hugged her. "I still can't believe it!" She said. "Me either Mar, but we will get through this together." He said. She nodded wiping her eyes. "Your right we will if not for ourselves for the children." She said. She looked at Harry for a long moment. "I can't believe Lily and James won't ever get to see him grow up." She said sadly. She picked Harry up and snuggled him to her. "I am so sorry sweet boy." After cleaning the children up they set to shopping. They got all the things for Harry's room. They got him plenty of clothes. They got him a new blanket and toys. They got the children ice cream. Harry was thriving after a month of being locked in cupboard. The Dursleys had given him the minimum of care. It took months for the nightmares to stop. If he had one on the full moon it was the worst. Marlene could never console him only his father could. Aria did help though Marlene would place Aria in his crib with him and they would snuggle up together and fall asleep. It made her smile. She wondered if Sirius and James were right. Ever since the two were born their fathers had insisted that they would fall in love and get married. She and Lily scoffed at the idea. Not that they would object if they did but as infants it is impossible to tell who they will love. It was the night of the full moon and Remus and Harry had been living with her for almost a year. Harry was thriving under the care of his father and Aunt. Nymphadora her mother Andromeda and father Ted visited often. Nymphadora loved playing with the children. She was ten and would be starting Hogwarts next September. Her mother was Sirius's cousin. Andromeda was the only one in his family Marlene would let near Aria. Sirius agreed wholeheartedly. The two children were currently asleep in Harry's crib. She really should stop doing that but it kept Harry happy. Remus had left earlier in the day. Harry had gotten better about letting Remus go. The first few full moons were horrible. Harry from the moment Remus walked out the door threw a fit. He would cry himself to sleep and make himself sick every time until Remus came home. Slowly once he became more secure it got better. Now it was no big thing. Marlene still put Aria and Harry together though because it kept away Harry's nightmares. Their little family was far from perfect but they all had each other. She went to sleep that night happier than she had been in a long time. She knew Remus would be back the next day and she planned on making sure that he got plenty to eat and had things prepared to take care of his wounds. Remus always came back exhausted. Harry always had a way of making him feel better though. She was so sound asleep that she didn't hear the crack of apparition or the cackling laughter. When Remus came home he felt something was wrong. This was exemplified tenfold when Andromeda was in the Livingroom crying with Ted. Nymphadora was keeping the children occupied. Her usually bright hair was dark and she had a sad look on her face. "What happened?" He asked. "Oh Remus!" Andromeda cried. "I am sorry Remus." Ted said. "What is going on?" He asked. "There was an attack here last night." Andromeda said. "Where is Marlene?" Remus demanded. "She's dead." Ted said sadly. Remus sunk to the floor. How was he supposed to raise two children on his own? Albus barely let him have Harry. How was he going to convince him to let him have Aria as well? He was shaking just when his life was looking up it was torn apart again. "Unca Moony where mummy?" Aria asked and he couldn't speak his throat felt constricted. He just hugged her to him. "Your mummy has gone to be with Uncle Prongs and Aunt Lily sweet heart." He finally choked out. At this Aria started crying. "BUT I WANT MOMMY! I WANT MUMMY! I WANT DADDY!" Remus heart broke. "I am so sorry cub. Don't worry though Uncle Moony will take good care of you and Harry. I swear." He said. How had everything gone so wrong. He doubted he would ever find true happiness again.