it seems, lies there and watches Tom try to rewrite the pastfuturepresent . Does absolutely nothing to stop it. Maybe if she'd been a Gryffindor, she would have been able to. She's still surprised to wake up and find Harry there. There was a time that might have meant everything to her. He's injured, nearly died for her, even as life begins to rush back into her flesh, not pins and needles, but knives and mallets. There's no point in stopping the tears, the pints and pints she's been collecting all year long. "It's all right," Harry says, patting her shoulder awkwardly, clearly more comfortable with basilisks and evil wizards than hopeless little girls. "Riddle's gone." What does that fix, really? She stares down at the ruined diary bleeding ink across his lap. Her words—her secrets—blurred and tarnished as they ooze out on the floor. She shakes her head, pulling her legs hard into her chest. Harry never should have come down here. Not for her. "Ginny," he says, bewildered concern weighting his tone. "I'm a Slytherin," she mumbles miserably into her knees. Just like Tom. Just like Pansy and Malfoy and every dark wizard who has ever fallen. More than anything she wants to hear Harry say, 'So what?', to tell her it doesn't matter. But he just stares back at her, confusion furrowing his brow. For the first time he doesn't look like a hero, but rather a scared little boy. She isn't sure what to make of that. Aberration , comes Tom's dying whisper, thorns still dug in and holding despite the fact that he should be gone. You don't fit his careful columns of good versus Slytherin. And yet he was the one they all suspected. Ginny wants to shake the voice away, claw it out of her skull. There's painful anger here over something she does not understand, things she's too young to grasp, just knows that for all she poured into Tom, he poured some things back. These are not the sorts of things a little girl is supposed to feel. Try as she might, she can't see Harry Potter in quite the same light ever again. Maybe he's still a hero, but she's never going to be a princess. (Was the hat right? Is this who she really is?) Her silly crush doesn't stand a chance against the weight of all that. She lets Harry lead her out and save her and explain away her failings to her waiting family, but knows she's leaving something behind she'll never get back. Innocent little Ginny Weasley never leaves that Chamber. The greatest irony is that her disgrace makes her a proper Slytherin at last. In the common room everyone vies for her attention, sidling up next to her and asking what it had been like, to have such a beast under her control, to know she had the ability to kill and destroy, wash this place of mudbloods, if only she hadn't been caught in her own trap. Mudbloods . She thinks of Hermoine Granger and her frizzy mane, the way she smiles at Ginny in the halls, kind, but guarded. The way that even she, the smart one, is not completely sure of Ginny out of the context of Gryffindor. "How did you get away with it for so long?" her housemates want to know. She doesn't know what to say, how to explain to them about victims and lack of choice and pouring out precious secrets and feelings to someone who didn't deserve them. Doesn't know how to risk speaking without betraying her weakness. She may not know much, but even she already understands the danger of weakness. She needs to speak, to find the perfect lie, but her throat freezes and betrays her. Only somehow her silence does not condemn her. This is how she unexpectedly learns the power of silence. The power of not acting, when all she'd ever been raised to know was running blindly ahead. When they demand a recounting, Ginny presses her lips together in a thin line, looking sideways at her housemates. Understand that people will fill in the blanks with whatever they need. It holds her long enough to survive the last few chaotic days of the term, to keep herself together until she can finally slip away. She doesn't like to think of it as running, but she's grateful all the same for the sheer distance from Hogwarts and the relentless memories that her family's impromptu trip affords. The harsh sunlight of Egypt burns into her skin, her family pressing in on all sides. Maybe it will be enough to make Tom fade, like a picture left too long in direct light. She hopes. Out on the sandy dunes, Bill steps up next to her, hand mussing her hair with distracted affection. A few feet away, the twins are trying to shove Percy into a tomb. It's all so startlingly normal , like the last year never happened, that Ginny finds it a little hard to breathe. Bill squeezes her shoulder. "Your first year in Slytherin and you already faced off with You Know Who and derailed his plans, eh?" That isn't exactly the way it happened, but Ginny doesn't have the heart to correct him (or perhaps her mouth has learned too well to keep its secrets). Maybe it doesn't matter anyway. The only other person to know the full truth of what happened down there is Harry, and he's thousands of miles away with no clearer understanding than her own. Bill leans in closer, grinning mouth near her cheek like a conspirator. "What a disappointment you would be to good old Salazar." She smiles because it's expected. But also because proving to be a poor Slytherin is supposed to be a good thing, right? He tugs on her braid. "Weasley," he says, an affectionate accusation. Ginny leans into Bill's side, thinking that maybe she'll let herself believe that. Just for a little while.