dear." The wand made a loud ripping noise, and Harry let go in surprise. While embarrassed, he was still heartened to get a reaction; he'd been starting to think he had no talent for wizardry at all. The next wand was pine and dragon heartstring, and for the first time, Harry felt a pleasant warmth emanate from the wood. When Ollivander extended his hand, he was reluctant to give it back, which didn't escape the wandmaker's notice. "You seem to have an affinity for pine, Mr. Potter. A bit of a loner, are you?" Harry ducked his head bashfully. When he raised it again, he saw that Ollivander was off to bring more boxes. Five pinewood wands were tried and rejected, Ollivander making thoughtful noises as they went through the stock. He then reached for a particularly dusty box at the bottom of the pile on the counter. "Red pine, twelve inches, rather stiff. Dragon core, one of my... less popular variants." Harry looked at Ollivander in askance, but picked it up. When his fingers gripped the smooth handle, an electrifying tingle shot up his arm, filling his body with heat. He gave the wand a broad sweep, shooting out multicolored sparks that lingered in the air. "Mwahaha!" he laughed, feeling heady and energized. "Tremble before my power!" "I am quaking in my boots," Ollivander said dryly, bringing him back to earth. "I knew this wand would find its master one day. Alas, not many wizards acquiesce to a core of a splinter from a dragon's baculum." "Baculum, sir?" "Also known as the penile bone," Ollivander said. "I don't have a diagram on hand, but the name should be self-explanatory." Harry scanned the wandmaker's face for signs of mockery, but he appeared perfectly serious. "A dragon's..." "Penile bone, yes." Harry chuckled nervously. "Mr. Ollivander, surely you're just making fun of a clueless Muggle-raised wizard like myself." He slowly lowered the wand to the counter, already unwilling to part with it. The man drew himself up. "Mr. Potter, I treat my craft with the respect it deserves. The baculum is a dragon's most magical part, along with its heart. The only reason I don't use it anymore is that customers ofttimes refuse to buy wands with these cores." "I wonder why," Harry muttered. "Nevertheless, these tend to have much the same characteristics as heartstring cores, which is to say they are powerful and temperamental," Ollivander continued a little indignantly. "Paired with pine, they make the most adaptive and quick-learning wands." Harry looked at the wand longingly, then at its maker who was gazing at him with affront. He sighed. "Alright, I'll take it, but you have to keep this a secret. No telling anyone —not even my kids, if I ever have any." Harry left Ollivander's and looked around, quickly locating his towering companion. Hagrid's enormous strides soon brought him to his charge and he beamed at the boy, looking immensely pleased with himself. His shovel-like hands cradled a round cage with a large white bird inside. "Ain' she a beauty?" The half-giant proffered the cage, making the bird flutter its wings to regain balance. "My present to yeh, Harry. Happy birthday." The creature stared at Harry unblinkingly with its yellow eyes. He shuddered. "Look, Mr. Hagrid, I appreciate the gesture—" "It's jus' Hagrid. Told yeh that already, didn' I?" He patted Harry on the shoulder with his free hand. He winced, knowing things were about to get awkward. "Right. Hagrid, thank you for the gift, but—how should I put this—I don't really want an owl." "Don' want her?" Hagrid's jaw hung open. "Owls are dead useful, they are. How else are yeh goin' ter write yer friends over the summer?" He shrugged. "I'll just text them or something." Hagrid glanced at him, then at the cage. "But I thought every boy yer age wanted one!" "Sorry," Harry said with a grimace. "A bird like that would stand out in the suburbs, and Aunt Petunia would never allow it." Not to mention, he didn't fancy cleaning its poop every day. "Well, is there any other animal yeh'd like instead?" Hagrid asked hopefully. "Not really. It just seems like too much work." Hagrid's face fell, and Harry felt a pang of guilt. He added quickly, "If it was something like a mini-dragon, I'd make an exception." "Ain' tha' the truth," Hagrid said. "Bin petitionin' the Ministry ter let me breed dragons fer years, but they haven' budged yet. Lemme return this beauty ter the Emporium, then—if yeh're sure?" "I'm sure," he confirmed. They walked side by side, Harry shooting the downcast-looking Hagrid furtive looks as he struggled to keep up. He wished he knew a way to cheer him up. After they left the loud and smelly owl shop, Hagrid stopped and stared at the younger wizard, frowning and scratching his beard for a good minute before perking up. "How abou' a nice trunk? Everybody needs one." They went to a boutique down one of the side alleys, where Hagrid got him an exquisite leather trunk enchanted to open only when its owner gave the correct password. Harry had a hard time figuring out the wizarding currency, but judging from the shopkeeper's obsequious demeanor, this model was fairly expensive. "If young sir would kindly place his thumb on the handle—" Harry obliged, eager to leave the shop and its fawning owner. He jerked his hand away a second later and stared at his bleeding thumb. "Ow! Bloody thing stung me," he said incredulously. Hagrid boomed a laugh. "Blimey, Harry, didn' even have time ter warn yeh. Don' s'ppose the lad could get another try?" "The spell is quite permanent," the shopkeeper said, still smiling. "Top notch security, you understand." Harry popped the sore digit into his mouth. "Wha' are you on abou'?" A/N: Much like The Geek , this won't be a serious story. Some familiarity with anime might be necessary to enjoy it. Rated M mostly for coarse language and violence.