James Potter is reading entries of her diary to the table in a high pitched voice and Lily can't take it, Lily has to leave, Lily has to break something — Furious, she does the only appropriate thing she can think of and dumps the entire breakfast pitcher of milk over James Potter's untidy hair. He yelps and she takes the opportunity to snatch her diary from his hands. She promptly whacks him over the head with it several times, harder each time, until James Potter is howling, outraged and panicked, spewing insults at her. "Hideous— rotten—horrible—little—prick!" she screeches with each blow. "Bloody—stop—Evans—ow—shove off—mental—psychopathic—clearly on your rag!" And for a brief second, she truly believes she will strangle him to death, but then she realizes she's crying and everyone is staring at her, laughing at James, laughing at her. "I hate you," she sobs. And twenty minutes later, Benjy Fenwick finds her outside with Severus Snape underneath the giant oak tree they meet to study under, screaming and ranting about ' that toe rag Potter'. Despite Severus's noble attempts to be rid of Benjy, including a rather snakelike hiss of "Piss off", Benjy successfully steals Lily away. "Oh, God, Benjy, I'm so embarrassed," Lily sniffs. "That stupid Potter always trying to ruin everything." "It wasn't Potter that took your diary," he tells her. "True, he's a prat but he can't get into your dormitory. You should know it was Mary MacDonald." Lily's mouth falls open. "She's angry with you because she thinks James Potter fancies you or something," Benjy explains. "First of all, he doesn't and anyone who thinks there's any chance someone as utterly stupid as him could even comprehend having actual feelings other than adoration of himself is crazy , and secondly, why would she be angry with me for something she thinks Potter feels?" Benjy laughs nervously. "Well, because he rejected Mary at his party over winter break." "That still doesn't explain how I'm connected." "Apparently, Potter told her he had feelings for someone else and when she demanded to know who, Potter told her that he fancied you," Benjy said. Lily's mouth literally popped open. "I'm sorry, what? Potter doesn't have feelings for me. He antagonizes me." "Haven't you ever heard that boys often pick on girls they like?" Benjy attempted. "Maybe grade schoolers," Lily scoffed. "Anyway," Benjy continued. "I read the diary entry before I realized what it really was and I'm sorry for that. It's never okay to take advantage of someone's privacy like that. She'll have detention for sure." Lily has no idea what to say to him. Instead, she just smiles. "Thanks, Benjy." "No problem, Lily," he says and her heart jumps as she realizes he knows her name. And despite Severus's steaming glare and the tears still resting on Lily's cheeks, Benjy Fenwick leans down and presses his lips against hers, feather soft and very brief. "Happy birthday," he whispers afterward and after a quick nod in Severus's direction, heads back up to the castle, leaving Lily swooning and Severus seething. (bitch, i run this show) Lily does not hesitate severing ties with Mary MacDonald. She doesn't hesitate confronting her and explaining why she is severing ties with her, either. She's quick about it and polite and bold as only Lily can be and she leaves Mary in tears, not because she's said anything horrible but because she's the first person to tell Mary's entitled self that she isn't perfect, never will be, and she'll never be happy if she keeps tearing everyone around her down. Mary's never been talked to that way. Mary always gets her way. And Lily is done giving Mary her way. In fact, Lily decides she's just about done with giving anyone their way. She's tired of hearing Mary gossip about Severus and displeased with the cruel nature of Evan Rosier and his group of jerks and aggravated with James Potter bewitching the corridors to appear upside down all the damn time and sick of Sirius Black's growing sexual harassment of the female student body. And so begins the anti-bullying, rule-abiding, moral high ground streak that Lily Evans will be known for throughout the upcoming years. She and the Marauders do not get along for the rest of the year because of this. She remains friends with Emmeline even though Emmeline remains friends with Mary. Lily meets up with Emmeline every Wednesday to receive her horoscope updates in their spot in the Astronomy Tower after dinner and meditate. She connects with Severus under their oak tree to study and enjoys the time they both spend as aides for Professor Slughorn. And somehow, each Quidditch match, she always ends up sitting in the same vicinity as the Marauders. James Potter has taken an annoying habit of pointedly flying past her section each game and winking at her. He claims it is for 'good luck'. After several games, Remus and Lily eventually strike up conversation when they realize they've both brought the same book to read during the match and realize they have a lot in common. She writes home to her father often to make sure he's doing okay being alone. She's pleased to hear that Petunia has returned home, deciding to continue her university education while living at home to be with her family and save money. She visits their mother often and is slowly warming back up to their father. Though, Lily's father is a bit concerned over Petunia—maybe it's the stress or school or she's been fighting with her boyfriend?—she seems to have lost a great deal of weight and never seems to have an appetite. Lily assures him it's normal for her stage in life—Petunia is always fine, even when she isn't. Lily's growing more confident, she's excelling, and she's loving life. Until she arrives home for summer vacation and realizes her life will never be the same. End of I: 1974-1975 Please read and review! I would love to know your thoughts!