the quill he had been holding, officially giving up on getting work done. The group of four looked at each other searching for a discussion topic that wasn't Order related. Lily struggled then plucked an almost neutral topic from the air. The closest thing to a not work related conversation she could come up with, "Any word from Hagrid about the giants?" "That's Order adjacent." Peter pointed out. Lily rocked her hand back and forth, half protesting his assessment. "Hagrid going north isn't Order business. He's just visiting family?" Sirius mocked over Lily's quiet protest, "Lily this isn't a vacation for him." Sirius snapped and next to him Remus groaned. Lily's eyes creased in surprise at the annoyed tone in his voice. "I know that. When's he supposed to get back?" She asked, "Maybe we could visit him out at Hogwarts. Have tea?" "Dunno." Sirius grumbled. "Padfoot." James scolded, "at least try to be civil." "I'm being civil!" Sirius insisted. "Sirius." Remus's croaking voice stopped his friend from further argument. Peter sat up a little straighter with and the frown line in his brow deepened. "Sorry Moony. Go back to sleep." Sirius apologized. Remus didn't heed Sirius's suggestion but slowly sat up. Lily was shaken to see he was swimming in his thin brown robes. Since leaving Hogwarts his face had become thin, but now he was also scruffy and unshaven. "Well then. Good morning sunshine, would you like a butterbeer?" Remus grumbled "no" at the offer and before they could think to order him a tea Aberforth appeared at the table holding two crusty butterbeers. He placed one each before Lily and James, didn't say anything else then wandered back off behind the counter. "Friendly guy isn't he." Peter chimed in trying desperately to make a joke to break the tension. "I'm sorry, Lily." Sirius finally said, backtracking in the conversation. Lily appreciated it though. He began worrying the label off his own bottle of butterbeer and Lily knew she couldn't stay mad. Instead she gave him an unimpressed look. Sirius was as stressed as the rest of them, but for him it usually manifested in reckless behavior and misjudged pranking. It was less likely for her to see him so openly angry or frustrated. She could tell she was stressed in the way she kept arguing with him. She loved Sirius, via James who she knew couldn't live without him, but she found him receiving the brunt of her disproval, and he didn't deserve it. "It's fine Sirius. Chalk it up to stress." Lily said, letting him off the hook for his outburst. Sirius flicked his drink from one hand to the other and visibly pushed back whatever was turning his mind into a stormy sea. Another silence swept the table until Peter found he couldn't help but ask, "I'm sorry I have to know, what kept you both?" James glowered into his drink as Lily wearily answered, "Harrington was working the other side, we had to take him down once we reached the safe house." "Shit." Sirius coughed up. "What'll happen to him?" "Dunno. Alice and Elphias will probably take him to the Ministry, they let us go so we could catch up with you two." "Wow, that's terrible." Peter frowned, "I guess we can never be certain about who someone is." "Not in this world of imperioused fruit vendors and Auror impersonators." James mumbled. "I can be certain about you all." Sirius snapped in opposition. Four heads turned in his direction. "What? I can." Then with a cheeky smile he added, "I know who you are." He leaned arrogantly back in his chair and pointed in a circle. "A terrifying duelist and walking encyclopedia." "Werewolf." Remus corrected under his breath. "Ministry Suck-up, but hopelessly loyal." Sirius kicked Peter under the table who looked up from his paperwork long enough to roll his eyes. "And what's the phrase you use for Lily, James?" "The thing I love most in the world?" James suggested. "Ah right, Lily is the thing James loves second-most in the world." "After you?" Lily raised and amused eyebrow. "After me." Sirius confirmed receiving a whack in the chest from James before continuing, "and James of course is the best man in the world." Sirius smirked, but before anyone could must the energy to dispute him he continued, "And speaking of best a man… did you two decide about the reception music?" "You're DJing." James said, but at the same time Lily was protesting, "Nonononono." "He has to DJ." James cried overtop of Lily's wails. "Lily calm down, I'm a fantastic DJ!" Sirius soothed. "He is good." Peter called over the noise. "I don't want to listen to the Jack-o-Lanterns and Hungry Skeletons all night." Lily whined. "You won't- I promise to play one Celestina Warbeck song an hour." "No." Sirius fake pouted, but Lily stayed resolute, "I would rather listen to the Lovegood's bongo music." "I could make that work." Sirius considered. "Sirius! This is -" Lily cut herself off before she could say "serious" and completely upend the conversation. She was too late though, James and Sirius were already sharing a conspiratorial stare, and snickering into their drinks. As soon as he regained his composure James explained, "Problem is Lily I already told him he could." He smiled innocently from Sirius's side and Lily let out an exasperated, but amused breath. "Always the same with you two." "Always." Sirius toasted, "Now drink up, we need to head back home before curfew." he reminded. "With you two being late we're already cutting it close." Lily sighed and glanced out the window to the darkened streets. When she thought about it of course she knew who she was, and who the others at the table were, but this war was proving long and hard, and she worried about how much longer they would really be themselves. The world was changing, and them with it, she could only hope it would be for the better.