smiling but jumped as his floo went off and a goblin came out looking shocked. "Lord Potter excuse the intrusion at this time but we've only just gotten round to testing Lord Longbottom's blood and we have discovered he is the Lord of two other families also, so we need you both to come to the bank for a moment. Lady Longbottom will meet us there!" he said as they all left together. Neville was in awe as they went to the bank where his grandmother was indeed waiting awestruck. "Neville I have no notion how this passed my family by without us knowing it. Actually now that I think of it no one ever needed to test our blood so that could explain why. However I have always wanted to anyway I just never got round to actually doing it until just recently. When Harry suggested it not knowing I was planning on testing it anyway I said you know what now's as good a time as any to do this and so here we are!" she said kissing Neville's cheek embarrassing him. They followed the goblin to his office where two rings were waiting for him. "Ok you are the last surviving descendant of the Halliwell and Larson lines. With each of these comes a family ring, properties, vaults of money and certain abilities these families had!" said the goblin smiling. "What does all of this mean? I mean I understand what you're telling me but I mean how much money do these families have and what are these abilities?" he asked the goblin seriously. "Well the Halliwell's have twenty billion galleons in the bank and the Larson's have fifteen billion galleons in the bank. You have three properties with each family. Now sign here please and put your rings on one after the other. There we go. As for abilities the Halliwell family have perfect wandless magic and can tell if anyone is being dishonest and what they are being dishonest about. From now on should someone lie to you, you will know what it's about and you will be able to do perfect wandless magic. The Larson's were very good at untraceable legillimens, warding and occlumency so you will be able to shield anyone from looking into your mind without your permission. You can also look through someone's occlumency shield without them knowing you're doing anything at all!" he replied to Neville who was amazed at all of this new information. "Tell me about the properties they have please. Are there any near Surrey or Norwich?" he asked as his grandmother looked at him with questioning eyes wondering what in the hell he was up to now. "Well actually Lord Halliwell that family has a small manor in Surrey near Lord Potter's current residence. They have another manor in Norwich and a final home in Hull Island. The Larson's have a property in the Isle of white, Ireland and Spain!" he replied happily. "Ok Please see to it that no matter how much it costs you all properties are under the fidelious charm with myself and Lord Potter here as the secret Keepers. In each property you are to key in Lady Longbottom here so only she and our house elves can visit any of the properties. I want every form of protection ward on all of them as well how long will that take please?" he asked calmly. "It can all be done by tomorrow evening my lord" he responded. "Make my rings into portkeys for all of them and include Lord Potter and Lady Longbottom's rings on the portkey list for all of my homes as well. I am going to move into the home in Surrey with my best friend Lord Potter. It will be my own home but my darling grandmother Lady Longbottom is free to come and go as she wishes and I would request that she decorate it inside if it does not look too good as she has amazing taste. She is quite talented in that area actually!" he said making her blush madly. "Very well Lord Halliwell it is done! You just have to think of your home and it will take you there. Lord Potter the wards on the area will not alert anyone to your absence and Lady Longbottom you are free to visit them at any time you like. Also Lady Longbottom I am in need of your council as I wish to redesign some of my offices here and we could do with someone who has as much taste as you for interior design on our bank." She was very flattered they had asked her to do this and agreed immediately. She was dumbfounded at the level headed maturity Neville showed in getting all of his houses under the fidelious. This would mean he could safely live there without problems and she would never need to worry about him. This showed he was always thinking about her. This made her feel very warm inside. She really did love both of her boys and she now included Harry in her family. "Thank you Griphook I will do so when you need me to!" she responded enthusiastically. "Very well Lady Longbottom we will be in touch with you. Now then Lord Potter did you require anything before we conclude our business here tonight?" he asked Harry smiling."Actually Griphook now that you ask please put Lord Halliwell and Lady Longbottom's rings on my own portkey list so they may be able to visit each of my fidelioused homes as well. Only include these two people and their house elves as they really are like family to me!" he said smiling as Griphook agreed doing it all before they all left the bank. As they returned back to Harry's and she went home they all went to sleep Harry for once in his life feeling like he was loved, secure and belonged to a family of his own.