out in relief. He looked white as a sheet and shivered on clearly weak footing. "Thank you." The boy stood, disbelieving, just inside the living room, shock on his face as he took in his new surroundings. "Could I offer you some tea?" Severus offered dryly, shutting the door. Tyler shook his head. "I need to go very soon." He exhaled. "Here." Tyler untangled Harry from his shoulder and made to hand him over. Severus's stomach jumped into his throat and he backed into the door bumping his head violently on the frame. "What?" He panicked, flinching away from the child. Tyler pulled Harry back into himself and glanced toward the covered window. "I need you to watch him for the night. Just the night. I swear, I'll be back by noon tomorrow." Tyler fidgeted with his bottom lip, betraying fear. "He's a good kid. He sleeps through the night." Tyler looked sheepish. "He used to sleep through the nights." He corrected in a mumble. There were deep purple circles under Tyler's eyes, Severus noticed. "You want me to watch Potter's baby?" Severus spat, regaining his footing both physically and verbally. He glared at the sleeping baby. Tyler looked confused. "No." His face scrunched. "I want you to watch Harry. Lily and James's baby…" he flustered then added. "I really need this." Severus shook his head and quickly darted around Tyler and into the kitchen. As he always used to, the boy followed behind. "You can't honestly be saying 'no' because of James? Harry's just as much Lily's if not more. Just look at him. Look at his eyes for God's sake, he's got her eyes!" Tyler pleaded. Severus refused to look at the kid. He knew what Lily's eyes looked like and he didn't want reminding. Tyler looked at Severus appearing utterly bewildered and just a bit unhinged. Not angry or hurt, because he wasn't sure Tyler knew how to be those things, he just looked stunned. Severus wondered if Tyler was even mad at Sirius for his betrayal or if he looked at the situation with the same wide-eyed wonder he was giving him now. "I know you don't like kids but I have to leave him on your couch if you don't take him." Tyler said slowly pulling Harry back into himself. "I can't take him with me, but I promise I'll be back for him at noon tomorrow." Tyler walked back into the living room. Severus didn't want to follow at first, but the curiosity eventually got to him. This optimistic child was just dropping a baby off, he was just doing it! Tyler was slowly placing Harry onto a sturdy place in the couch and used a rolled up throw blanket to pin him in. "Um… at least make sure he doesn't roll off, right?" Tyler asked, his voice cracking a bit as he stood and faced Severus. "I know you haven't said yes yet, but I know you will, you're a good person… so his food is in that bag, and so are his diapers, I figure you have some spell for that, and if he's crying just hold him up to you and rock, he likes that and anything Quidditch related is his best friend. I left him his stuffed quaffle in his bag, he loves to play with that. . ." Tyler trailed off, not knowing what else to say. Severus felt a bit overwhelmed by the wall of instructions, and Tyler was looking like he was leaving his own arm with Severus. He kept reaching for his collarbone as if something was missing from that place. "Um if I'm not back by noon for some reason, just drop him off. Oh." Tyler reached into his pocket and pulled out a sheet of paper. That's the address, and you can reach it by floo with that password." He pointed to the words on the page. "It's pretty protected at this point, but that'll get you through. I think that's everything." Tyler nodded and thanked him breathlessly. Severus blinked up at him. And the similarity to the child Severus once knew suddenly became very obvious. It was in the way he had called on him. His lack of fear in the face of someone his sister had called enemy. His inherent trust in the goodness of people, and his belief, deep down that people would love him as much as he loved them. Nonetheless, No! No! He was not going to take this child for the night! What was Tyler thinking, what was going on? Before his mouth could catch up, however, Tyler was frantically looking around the room and rushing out the door again. "I'll see you tomorrow." He called as he hopped off the porch step and dashed to the street, not looking back. Severus looked down at the sheet of paper in his hand; 614 Grove St. Password: Password. "The boy is an idiot." Severus said to himself, "and why would he need a babysitter for only one night?" The scrawny child wasn't a huge ladies man, if his youth was anything to go by. Apparently muggle girls weren't into boys who did magic tricks and read inordinate numbers of fantasy novels. He also wasn't fit enough for some secret muggle government organization. Severus watched the boy fumble up the street to the nearest bus stop before looking up at the rising night sky. It would be a full moon that night, good for brewing powerful potions he realized before a second heavier thought hit him, "Werewolf." He whispered remembering the new scars on the boy's pale face. "That boy is definitely an idiot." Severus reasoned aloud and he looked over to the couch where James's child had just blinked its eyes open and lifted its tiny feet high into the air. Did it want something? Severus stepped over and looked down. Brilliant green eyes stared back. "Shit." Was all he said as he realized he had been suckered in.