answer. "You have come to torment me with visions of my death. Yet, you will not find me so far gone as to be cowed by such things. Harry Potter is dead! Lord Voldemort has ruled this country for almost two decades!" But then his voice grew hesitant, husky, and almost inaudible, "Even if my... my faculties are not... what they were, Lord Voldemort is still far more powerful than any wizard living... I am immortal...!" Drawing strength from his words, Voldemort met Harry's eyes again, declaiming wildly: "I shall rule forever and no night time delusion will stop me! Avaunt, figment! Cease this madness at once!" Harry stared. He had been wracking his mind this entire time trying to figure out a way to safely incapacitate the Dark Lord so he could hand him over to the Dementors, once and for all… But he was starting to think that Voldemort would be better off in a bed at St. Mungo's than in Azkaban. "Er… all right. You've caught me." Harry lifted both hands, as if in defeat - though his wand was still gripped tightly in his right hand. "But if you'd like me to, um, avaunt - you'll have to show me the way out. And then I'll never bother you again, I swear it." Voldemort had said, after all, that he'd left this place to go and steal the Elder Wand from Dumbledore's grave. If Harry could only get out of here, perhaps he could summon the rest of his team and they could deal with Voldemort from there. But the Dark Lord gazed at Harry as though he had not understood a word he'd said. He ghosted closer, closer - until the pale claw of his right hand cautiously - experimentally - touched Harry's shoulder, almost as if Voldemort expected the gesture to go right through Harry's thick cloak. Harry jerked back, as though he'd be scalded. The holly wand was suddenly between them again. Harry watched the Dark Lord carefully, but there was no trace of emotion in his expression. "Yes - er - nice and solid," Harry said, a little weakly. "You've got quite an imagination there." The crimson eyes blinked down at him and then Voldemort looked away, towards the old book Harry had dropped, summoning it to his hand without even a flick of his wand. Harry could only watch, panic mounting, as Voldemort examined it methodically, taking care not to do further damage its already precarious leather spine. "This is quite clearly not a Portkey, even a misenchanted one. And you are clearly not a delusion, as you claim." Voldemort's voice was as level as the wand in his left hand. "Tell me, what were you doing with the remains of my old, school diary?" "I…" Harry looked from Voldemort to the diary and back again. For a long moment, there was no sound in the dark room but the hissing of the many snakes, watching them avidly from the shadows. And then Harry's wand cut through the air with a flash of red light: "Expelliarmus!" But Voldemort was quicker, deftly performing the counterspell and vanishing with a crack to reappear behind Harry, a whirlwind of molten quicksilver streaming from his wand. Harry had just enough time to conjure a shield before it encased him - a sphere of shimmering liquid, its heat passing through Harry's magic and prickling his skin; a slash of Harry's wand and it erupted outward, showering the room in shining silver. Harry's spell would have thrown a normal wizard off his feet, but Voldemort vanished again. The room was filled with the anguished hissing of serpents as their bower was brought crashing down by the force of the explosion. Voldemort's magic arced like brilliant lightning in the glittering darkness and the rain of silver turned to lines of blue fire that streaked murderously back toward Harry. Swearing, Harry deflected one, two, three balls of blue fire before a whole cluster converged on him. Sweeping his wand to the ceiling, Harry froze them mid-trajectory, and then a blasting curse sent them zooming outward in all directions; a great hailstorm of ice. It was then that Harry realised his error. He'd been so focused on defending himself from the fireballs that for, half a second, he'd forgotten about Voldemort . A jet of silver light was streaking fast through the darkness, and suddenly it was all Harry could see, and his wand arm was still raised toward the ceiling. Harry was blasted off his feet as it struck him in the ribs with the force of a truck. He hit the floor, gasping in pain, the air knocked out of his lungs by the sheer force of the Dark Lord's spell, which bound him in a web of shimmering silver. In the absence of any light except that provided by the glittering net, all Harry could see were two red pinpricks, glowing faintly in the darkness. The air was thick with the sound of angry snakes. This was it. He had lost. " Now , Harry Potter, you shall-" But Harry never did learn what Voldemort thought he would do, for at that moment, the world split open again with dazzling light, swallowing him. The last thing Harry saw was Lord Voldemort's face contorting with fury - and then he was ( propelled headfirst through blinding, blinding light, wind roaring in his ears, body twisted and seized by an invisible force as he fell and fell and fell and ) crashing through a door and stumbling into the room of a decaying Muggle house. "Potter!" Ernest Darby cried, as Harry struggled with another bout of nausea on the splintered floorboards. "It's Potter! I've found him!" Authors' Notes: "I did my waiting – 12 years of it!" Well it hasn't been quite that long, but it certainly feels that way! We are back and collaborating on some new (and old) projects about our two favorite wizards. Hope you enjoy.