forgiveness is something one must earn." He stressed "you" and "me", his voice balanced and calm. Lucius puffed indignantly, which earned him a strike on the arm from Narcissa, who didn't take her eyes off Draco. "I... I just hope you'll finally pay the price for at least some of your mistakes, because that is something you deserve," Draco ended, his voice still steady, although his eyes were shooting lightnings. "What price is there to pay?" Lucius asked before Narcissa could stop him. Obviously he didn't believe a word Draco had said, unlike his wife, who seemed devastated by their son's speech. "You think your new friends will lock us in Azkaban for hiding the truth and for the sins that are now long gone? What good would it bring to anyone?" Draco smirked. Those sins could never be gone; his own burned in his veins every single day and he hadn't committed even one tenth as much wrongdoings as his father had. "My new friends," he said slowly, focusing only on that part of Lucius' reaction. His so-called new friends were the sole reason his heart was still even beating, because if it hadn't been for them, Scorpius would be stuck in time for the rest of his life, without any way to come back. That wasn't something Draco's heart would survive, probably not ever and definitely not after... He felt something squeezing his throat at the thought. It was still so hard every single time her name came to his mind. It was still so unbelievable. Like so many things that had happened lately, he noticed absentmindedly. ...not after Astoria , he finished sadly, now able to continue. "That's all that matters to you right now?" This time it was Lucius who smirked. "You seem very intent on convincing yourself your every choice is wrong in my eyes. Like a martyr you most definitely are not." Narcissa's ears blocked the sounds, her heart unable to listen to it anymore. She had never been a compliant bystander, but now she just stood idly by, watching her two men eyeing each other hostilely. She wasn't sure what was exactly happening and why, as she didn't recognize their behavior whatsoever. Sure, they had often been that way towards other people, but not to each other, and definitely not since the second war. Their relationship had been strained and harsh, although never to such an extent. She felt like that was something for them to figure out on their own, so she shouldn't have interfered; but mostly, even though she was reluctant to admit it to herself, there was a guilt overwhelming her. A guilt that made her agree with practically everything Draco had said. A guilt that locked her lips and shot her back in time, forcing her to rethink the decision she had made so many years ago, like it could change anything, like it could change the situation they found themselves in. It couldn't. Nothing could change it. It was already far too late to stop the damage Lucius and Draco were inflicting upon each other for the last half an hour or so. Suddenly her eyes caught a glimpse of the youngest member of their family, who was standing in the corridor for Merlin knows how long. She smiled at him sadly and shook her head. He didn't react in any way, staring at his relatives with bewildered and frightened expression. She knew he shouldn't have seen it; that wasn't an image of their family she would have ever wanted Scorpius to have. It wasn't true, for once. It wasn't them. Not now, not today, not here. "Well, I hope you're satisfied with how that went, because you're not gonna see me ever again." Draco's voice reached their ears. "Farewell, father. Mother." Draco nodded towards Narcissa and turned around towards the door. Whatever reaction the sight of his son evoked in him, he hid it perfectly. "Don't make a fool of yourself," Lucius scoffed at Draco's back. The middle Malfoy didn't react, but continued his slow walk, in his mind already out of the room. He was contemplating how everything always had been a lie. False impressions, misleading believes, hidden half-truths. He had lived through all his childhood utterly convinced his parents considered Voldemort a Savior, like everyone else on their side of the wizarding world, only to find out they definitely didn't hold him in high regard. He had believed the idea of purity had been the most important thing they had ever had, only to become positively surprised that the most important thing for all the living Malfoys was, in fact, family and love. He had thought that after the second war they had finally entered the path of honesty and serenity. And now he learned it wasn't true as well. What was true, he didn't now anymore. "Draco Malfoy, I command you to come back here this instant!" Draco smiled at his son and cocked his head towards the exit door of the property, silently asking Scorpius to follow him. Scorpius nodded, but stayed in the same place, his eyes still wide-open from shock and disbelief. "Draco!" Draco had never suspected that turning his back on his father both literally and metaphorically would be so gratifying; it was the first thing since Astoria's death that gave him so much joy, except of course for getting Scorpius back. He felt free, maybe for the first time in his life. He was free. Scorpius stared at his grandparents for a while, thinking, then smiled sadly and quickly followed in his father's footsteps. He had been trying to create bridges between him and the ever-so-prejudiced Rose Granger-Weasley, but as he now saw it, there were more important rifts he had to mend first. Hitting closer to home, creating deeper wounds. But he wouldn't be himself if he didn't try. Scorpius Malfoy, the Mender of What's Broken. He liked that. There was always hope to fix things, wasn't there?