with me or your Aunt and Uncle." Moony said sternly. "Why? What is going on? I deserve to know if it is about me." Aria demanded. "It is not about you. Look for right now you are going to have to trust me." He said. "You know I trust you moony but I don't need to be coddled. I can handle whatever it is." Aria said. "I said NO. That is final Aria Marlene. Keep arguing and you will be grounded." Remus said. Aria huffed and stormed upstairs and I followed I started packing my trunk slowly. Trying to think of what could be causing such a uproar. I gulped. "Do you think Voldy is back?" I asked worriedly. Aria shook her head. "They would tell us about that." She said. "Then what?" I asked. "I don't know." She said annoyed. "Do you think my dad will tell me?" I wondered. "Maybe. Hopefully you will owl me if he does right?" She asked. "Of course." I said. Too soon my dad was there to pick me up. "Dad what is going on." He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "There has been a problem that the ministry is trying to deal with. They asked for Mr. Lupin's assistance in the matter." He said. "Yeah but why and what for." I asked. "You do not need to know that." I sighed. "I am not a baby." I said. "I know that but you are a child. My child and I do not think that you need to know this. Just trust me and you will be fine." He said. I rolled my eyes and gave up. I would have to find the answer myself. I decided to write to Draco and Arabella surely the Malfoys would know and one of them would tell us. Dear Arabella, I am now back at spinets end with father. There is something being kept from me and Aria. They split us up and refuse to tell us anything. Let me and Aria know if you have any clue as to what is going on. Love your sister, Jamie Snape Dear Draco, I hope things are better than we last met. I miss you hope to see you soon. I have asked Arabella but I will ask you as well. Any idea on what is going on. Father refuses to tell me anything. Let me know. Love, Jamie Snape. I sent off the letters with Hedwig and waited. I had just finished reading through one of the French children books. I was happy that I could get through most of it without having to look the words up. My father came in a short while later and sat on my bed. "Well?" I asked annoyed. "Don't take that tone with me young lady." He said sternly. "Don't treat me like a child then." I said. "You are a child." He replied. "No, I am not." I said. "Yes you are." He said. "Look I know that you are upset but I am trying to do my best by you. There are some things you are simply going to have to trust me on." He said. "Trust works both ways. You don't trust me to know when its ok to date. You don't trust me to know who I can trust. James would have understood the bond of the Marauders. He would have trusted me. Mum would have trusted me." I said. "You are still hanging out with them, aren't you? Look I get why it's hard for you to trust me. I am trying my best. I guess that will never be good enough for you though. Maybe James should have been your father since you think he is so much better that me." He said slamming the door. I sighed. "I am sorry." I muttered miserably. All my dad and I did was fight I was beginning to wonder if we would ever be happy, be a family. I just ugh! I felt so stupid. Everytime he tried I pushed him away. Meanwhile in his office Severus had a glass of fire whisky quickly downing it. If he didn't know any better, he would say Jamie was James's daughter. It hurt. It was like James was trying to mock him from the grave. Lily if alive would at least be able to help him. It was like every time he did something Jamie resented him for it. He shuddered to think about what would happen when she found out about his past he shuddered. He was losing her already and if she found out he would lose her for sure. Another glass of fire whisky burned its way down his throat. He loved Eli and he wanted desperately to be the father she deserved. The father she wanted. He would not be Potter though. Potter had been the bane of his existence for seven years and it made Severus hate him even more to be losing to the man's memory. He wanted to just drink himself into oblivion and wallow in self-pity but he had a daughter to care for to protect. HIS daughter not James bloody Potter's. His and Lily's. He pushed off from his desk and decided he would win his daughter even if it killed him. First step when she went back to school no more Jamie Potter. She would start going by Eileen Snape. Why Lily gave his daughter that retched first name in the first place was beyond him. Next they were going to take a camping trip. Just them and the wilderness. Maybe that was what they needed a nice family holiday. With this thought he headed to bed. Jamie had trouble sleeping she felt horrible for throwing James in her fathers face. She was the worst daughter. Maybe that was why the Dursleys hated her so much. She couldn't be good. With that thought she headed to the floo. Maybe he is better off without me.