waiting for him at Sirius' place. That new wardrobe he had gotten last summer was waiting for him in his room at Grimmauld place. And wasn't that a thought, a room all to himself. One that wasn't a cast off. Dragging his trunk out, Harry placed it by the stairs and waited sitting down in the hallway. His uncle leaving for the sitting room where Aunt Petunia was waiting. Dudley wasn't even here this afternoon. Having learned his lesson from previous visits by random people coming for Harry, Dudley had chosen to stay out of the house for the day. Not even a goodbye, seems like that small talk he got yesterday was all he was getting. It was only a little while later that Harry heard a knock on the door. Looking at the clock on the wall he saw that it was exactly noon on the dot. With a smile he jumped up ready to open the door. Aunt Petunia came into the hallway and shot him a look. Backing down he stepped aside and let her open the door. "You're hear are you then?" She asked with a sour expression as she greeted Sirius, who Harry could briefly see from around her. "Lovely to see you Tuny." Sirius greeted. Harry was glad to see that Sirius wasn't wearing any flashily robes, just jeans and a leather jacket. "Who's this?" she asked noticing the other person accompanying Sirius. "He's brought another one of them?" Vernon asked with a sneer of distaste entering the hallway. "Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, I am Amelia Bones, head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement under the British Ministry of Magic." Madame Bones greeted stepping forward, she was in a modest suit that blended in just fine in the muggle neighborhood. Harry watched as his aunt and uncle stepped back and allowed the two in with wary faces. They didn't want the strange wizards lingering on their doorstep. "What's this about? Has the boy done something?" Uncle Vernon asked sounding too cheerful at the thought of Harry in trouble. "No, this is just a formality. I've taken over the case of his reassignment in residence due to his high profile nature in the wizarding world. His movement is all hushed up and very private. Few know that the exchange is taking place." Madame Bones answered. "High profile?" Uncle Vernon asked confused and unable to help himself. "Yeah, I've been targeted by numerous persons trying to kill me over the last few years." Harry replied with a smile. "The most recent is the psychotic murder who killed my parents." "I thought he died that night." Petunia said with a frown looking at Harry. "So, did everyone else. Turns out he wasn't completely, just vanished. Came back a few weeks ago." Harry replied with a shrug. "And you think he'll come after the boy here?" Vernon said with a frown. "It's always possible. However his address here is a secured record. Very few people have access to the information. Thus my involvement, his new location is equally secured." Amelia Bones added before pulling out some papers. "Now, all we need you to do is sign here that you hand over guardianship of Harry Potter to Sirius Black, his godfather, and a few more signatures to finish the paperwork and we should be all finished." "That's it, just sign our names and he's gone?" Vernon asked. Amelia Bones nodded and produced a packet of papers from her suit and held them out. "Just the basics, you'll be given a copy to do with as you want, and Lord Black here will also have a copy. The last copy will be filed in the ministry of magic's archives. Just sign the three copies here, here, and here." Amelia said pointing at each of the spots. "Lord?" Petunia questioned raising a brow and looking pinched at Sirius. "Oh yes, our community's foundation is quite old. We have families that go back hundreds of years. Over time they build up and the oldest have quite the fortunes amassed. We've established our own system of nobility I guess you could say, Lords and the like for the oldest of us." Sirius said with a shrug showing off some. Harry caught him smirking. Harry had seen him watching his uncle and aunt waiting for them to finish signing before elaborating and showing off. The remark seemed to have some impact as his aunt and uncle paled but made no comment. It wasn't like they could do anything or profit from this news. Not with the way they've treated Harry all these years. "Well, looks like everything is all in order then." Amelia Bones announced handing each copy to the appropriate person and tucking her copy back into her suit. "We really must be going now, have everything Harry?" "Yes ma'am." Harry replied jumping up and gesturing to his trunk. She and Sirius both frowned when they saw how little Harry had. Sirius shot a glare towards the bottom of the stairs, no doubt thinking of the cupboard. Harry shook his head, begging his godfather not to make an issue of it. It was past and all Harry wanted to do was leave, leave this part of his life behind him. Seeing this Sirius nodding reluctantly and pull out his wand. Ignoring the sudden shriek of Petunia and Vernon, he pointed it at Harry's things and shrunk his trunk, before picking up Hedwig's cage and doing the same to it, his owl was out hunting and Harry had told her to look for him at Grimmauld place. "All right, let's get going, I don't need to be here longer than I have to." Sirius replied haughtily and turning to make out the door. Amelia Bones tsk'd and followed holding the door open for Harry. "Well, bye then." Harry said with a cheery wave to his aunt and uncle's surprise as he dashed out the door. He was finally leaving for good.