you," she pleaded and fell to her knees, grasping at the hems of his robes and weeping at his feet. "You could be his only hope, or you sentence a baby to death as well. Must I die in vain?" "Lily, I can't," Snape said once more, "you know Harry isn't going to survive either. No one can survive a curse from Voldemort. When you are found, he will be found, and no one has ever survived the killing curse." Lily looked up at him. All of the life had left her face. It was as white as the marble floor tiles, "do you really believe that my baby is going to die," she asked nearly inaudibly, "and that I will die in vain? Can there be no hope in any of this? Is goodness really that weak?" "He's marked for death," Snape said as he sank to his knees and took her into his arms. "You all are. I can't stop that. I can hardly prolong it. Unless the Dark Lord is defeated, you are marked for death and there is nothing any of us can do to stop it." "My baby," she sobbed into his shoulder, "you have to protect my baby." She said. Her tear stained green eyes looked up into his and they broke his heart all over again. Severus sighed as her head fell and rested on his shoulder. Her entire body shook. She cried and cried until she couldn't cry anymore, and even then she still continued to shake. Severus began to rock her in his arms as they sat in the middle of the vestibule floor. She was no longer the strong brilliant witch he had known and loved for so long. She was a frightened, young, mother with a child - not a year old - and a terrible truth that lived in her heart. "If Harry should somehow survive, I will protect him," Severus said in a low whispered as he took a hold of Lily's right hand. "By my honour, I will find a way." "Will you swear to it?" Lily asked weakly. "Yes, you know I would do anything for you," He said and the promise was binding. HP "Severus, you promised!" The words erupted like a shriek out of the darkness. He sat bolt upright in his chair and for a moment did not know where he was. It was dark, the street lamps were shining in through his sitting room window and the screaming voice of Lily Potter rang in his ears as his eyes tried to focus in the darkness that surrounded him. Snape stood up and, shaken down to his bones, he tried to walk around to regain his balance and put himself into a calm, collected, frame of mind, but the scream was echoing and he knew something terrible had happened, and then he realized that something was wrong. He frantically rolled up his sleeve and the mark of the Dark Lord began to fade. It was still there, visible, but only just, and the feeling of it moving, calling, and killing was gone. What could it mean? Snape rushed to his study window and looked out at the small village he had recently settled in - he never stayed long in the same place. This village was quaint, quiet and was away from London - away from the hustle and bustle of the Death Eaters, and filled with Muggles that didn't suspect him of anything. To the villagers he was just a young man who kept to himself and was rarely seen outside of his little cottage. He knew he wouldn't stay there long, depending on how the battle ended, but as he looked out the window he realized the dark, sickening haze that had fallen over the village had lifted, and the stars and moon were shining brightly and happily in the night sky. In that moment, he realized that something had ended the battle, and he feared that it all had to do with Lily Potter. Suddenly there was a quiet knock at the door and Snape rushed to answer it. There, standing in dim light of the street lamp was Hagrid, the Hogwarts game keeper, with a bundle in his arms. "What are you doing here?" Snape asked as he opened the door and stepped out into the chill of the night. "No one, but Dumbledore, knew where I was. How did you find me?" "Dumbledore will be here soon. He'll explain everything. Here take this," Hagrid said as he sniffled and wiped at his eyes as he tried to hide the tears that rolled down his great cheeks, and the sorrow that was heard on his voice. "What is this?" Snape asked but as the bundle was shoved into his arms he felt it move. Snape jumped and tried to force the bundle back into Hagrid's arms - his heart had stopped beating at the feel of the little bundle moving. He, all of a sudden, understood Hagrid's sorrow. Pulling away the covering he heard the soft cry of a baby and recognized the eyes at once. "I can't take him," He said pushing the child back to Hagrid. "You have to, you promised, so no one else can take him now." Hagrid said and turned into the shadowy street and left - disappearing between the cottages and into the clear, cool, night. Snape stood for a moment with the baby in his arms before he turned and went into the house. He knew that the Potters had to be dead and that he would now have to raise the child of his arch enemy and the woman he had loved, since he was a child, on his own. His whole world had changed in an instant and the dark persona he had created for himself would have to change as well. He had to raise this child and he would not be able to keep it a secret.