across his lap. "Are you offering yourself up for the job?" His hands settle on her waist. "You know I love a ridiculously dangerous challenge." She pokes her tongue out at him, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Well, I don't know. What do you have on your résumé?" He tilts his head to one side. "I defeated the Dark Lord once." "Meh," she says, unimpressed. He considers her. "I was the youngest Seeker in a century?" She taps her chin with a finger. "Better." Leaning closer to him, she says, "But I think maybe a demonstration of skill is in order." Harry doesn't need to be told twice, pulling her mouth down to his. Things have barely begun to get interesting when there is a loud sound behind them as something crashes to the ground. Ginny swivels around to find Fred and George watching them with astonishment, what looks like a camera smashed on the ground between them. "You two?" George says with disbelief. The way Ginny is sitting on Harry would be damning enough, she supposes, even if they weren't covered liberally in glitter. Fred gives Ginny a stern look. "That curse was not meant for you, Ginny Weasley!" "And you," George says, wagging a finger at Harry, "should take your hands off our sister." Ginny growls low in her throat, climbing off Harry to stalk towards them. "You two!" she shouts. They are smart enough to look scared, both of them taking a step back. "Now wait a minute, Ginny," Fred starts to say. She launches herself at them, wrapping her arms around their necks and dragging them down towards her. They struggle in vain, Ginny effectively trapping them. But rather than hurting them, she gives them both big smacking kisses on the cheek before releasing them. They stand stunned, wiping at their cheeks half in disgust and half in confusion. "You aren't mad?" "Oh," Ginny says, giving them a smile. "I'll leave you two to Mum." She looks them both straight in the eye as she pulls her hair free of its holder and shakes it in imitation of Fleur, a cloud of glitter trailing down over the floor and wafting towards the kitchen. "I assume this glitter is meant to last?" They both pale. "At least twenty-four hours," Fred confirms, voice hollow. "Cleaning-charm resistant," George says. "Well," Ginny says, hands on her hips as she glances at a clock. "The Engagement Party is in ten hours. But Mum should be up in four. Five, if you are really lucky." The twins turn towards each other. "We're doomed," they say in unison. Harry pads up next to them, leaving a nice swirl of glitter in his wake. "There's always the good old fashioned Muggle way." He glances around. "Might be tight getting it done in time…" Very slowly and deliberately, Harry runs his hand down his arm. The twins seem to wince each time another puff of glitter floats towards the floor. Ginny feels the sudden urge to snog the lights out of him-the sassy, ridiculously wonderful git. "Ginny?" he asks. "Yes, Harry?" she says. "I don't know about you, but I'm hungry." He pats his stomach. "Worked up a real appetite, nearly being squeezed to death by a sofa. How about a snack?" He takes a few steps towards the kitchen. "Oh, yes," Ginny readily agrees, reaching out to take his hand. Fred and George actually let out whimpers. "Please," George says, voice nearly hoarse. "Not the kitchen." Ginny leans slightly around the jamb so she can make out the glistening, white perfection of Mum's homemade engagement cake sitting on the table. The one she spent three days on. "We'll do anything," Fred pleads. Harry turns to Ginny, clearly letting her decide. "I am pretty tired," Ginny says, taking pity on her brothers. Both Fred and George look like they are going to cry with relief. She turns to them with narrowed eyes. "But I'm calling in that favor some day. Like you wouldn't believe ." They both nod enthusiastically. "Whatever you say." "And I don't want to hear a word about what Harry and I choose to get up to. Not from any of you, Bill and the others included." They scowl at each other, looking over at Harry. He just regards them with his arms crossed over his chest, looking impressively intimidating despite the telling flush of embarrassment on his face. "Fine," George bursts out. "Deal." "Just don't ever make us see that again, okay?" Fred says. "No promises," Ginny says in a singsong voice, grabbing Harry's hand and pulling him towards the stairs. Fred looks over at George. "Did we really just hook up our little sister—" "—with Harry bloody Potter?" George finishes. "What have we done?" they say together. Harry glances back over his shoulder at them. "Night!" he says brightly. Ginny laughs, the two of them bursting out onto the first-floor landing. "You were brilliant," she says, keeping her voice low so as not the wake up the Delacours. "Does this mean I got the job?" he asks, pulling her around. She wraps her arms around his neck. "If your skill demonstration hadn't already sealed the deal, that back there with the twins definitely would have." "Good to know," he says, leaning in and kissing her. She hums against his lips, but is careful not to get derailed. "Come on," she says. "What are we doing?" "Isn't it obvious?" "Um, not particularly?" he says. "Well, Fred and George's room is currently unoccupied. I plan to jump on their beds and get as much glitter on their belongings as possible." "You know," he says, "you're a little scary." "Yeah?" she says, looking back at him. "Fortunately you like a dangerous challenge, right?" "Yes," he says. "Yes, I do." She smiles at him. "Good." He backs her up against the wall, his lips insistent on hers. Maybe revenge can wait, she thinks. She has much more important things to focus on. .fin.