He could see himself in the mirror, his eyes full of lust. Draco was whimpering on the sink. His back hurt, but he did not dare to change his position, he wanted Harry to have room for preparing him. "Baby, please…" He begged, eyelids half closed. "It's only two fingers," Harry whispered. "I don't care, just fuck me already," Draco answered, eager. "Okay, give me a condom," Harry ordered. Draco looked at him, "I… They're in my suitcase." Harry, who was still hard, groaned, "Perfect." "You can take me bareback; it wouldn't be the first time." "Yeah, but we had lube!" Draco looked around, until he saw the soap dispenser. He placed some soap on his hand, "We'll use this," he said while he placed some on his asshole, putting some more on Harry's dick. Harry wasn't sure whether this would work, but he was too horny and the image of his naked boyfriend applying soap on his own ass made it even more difficult for him to calm down. He placed his strong hands on Draco's shoulders and started pushing inside slowly, until he was buried, his pubes tickling the blond's perineum. "Everyone ready to take off?" Harry asked, making Draco laugh. "Yes, Pilot," he replied, and in that exact moment Harry pulled out and thrust in, making Draco wail. "Yeah, keep fucking me, Daddy," Draco moaned after a few more thrusts. It was now Harry's time to laugh, "Oh, you know how to tease me!" He growled while he took his shirt off. The differences between the two men's bodies were outstanding. Draco was pale and blond, his body hairless. The few hairs he had were almost white, making it impossible to see them. His legs and thighs were thin, easy for Harry to grab, and if he dressed as a woman he would easily pass as one. Harry was completely the opposite: he had hair everywhere: legs, arms, ass, armpits, chest, abs and so on. He had built muscles everywhere: big thighs, built pecs, broad shoulders and narrow waist; Draco did not want to imagine how many hours he spent at the gym. He was big compared to Draco, and Draco liked the fact that his man was, as many would say, an alpha . Harry did not stop fucking Draco, who was grabbing the sink so tight that his knuckles had turned white. There was barely no soap now, but the man kept pulling in and out. Draco bit his lip and moaned while Harry bit his neck and growled, insults coming from his mouth between gasps. Harry had grabbed his ankles and opened his legs wide open, making sure he had space. He'd hit Draco's prostate several times now, making the boy whimper. The pleasure was overwhelming, and Draco was now clinging to Harry, scratching his broad back. Suddenly, the door opened, but Draco wailed and it closed immediately. "Draco, I'm going to cum," Harry announced. "Inside me, please. Want your seed inside me during the whole flight," Draco begged. And Harry obeyed, filling his favourite flight attendant. After having orgasmed, Harry sat on the toilet, breathing in, his legs trembling, and running a hand through his hair, sweat falling on his temple. Draco was still on the sink, almost passed out. "Fuck, that was awesome. Wish I could have a joint now. Didn't you close the latch?" The blond asked. "Forgot. Do you think it was Hermione?" Harry asked, worried that it could have been Ron. "Probably, she's on her period right now, perhaps she needed the bathroom." Harry nodded. After using their clothes to clean themselves, they both left the small cubicle, each going to their respective places in the plane. Hermione, Cedric and Luna were preparing the trolley for the passengers, who would be coming in in a few minutes, and Ron was probably in the cockpit. "It took you long, mate. Was it pee or a wank?" Ron joked. "Eh… I have diarrhoea," Harry lied. It surprised him how fast he came up with the lie. "Ew, gross. Anyways, I have checked everything, don't worry. We should contact the control tower; they must be going nuts seeing that we don't answer any of their questions." Harry nodded and sat, putting his headphones on. They had been flying for two hours, which meant that they only had one hour left. Through the security cameras they had in the cockpit, Harry could see Cedric and Draco crossing the aisle with the trolley, and some girls who were chatting with them and touching them a bit too much. Harry realized that Draco was limping. Fucked him good , he thought. It filled him with pride. "Harry, can I ask you something?" Ron said after disconnecting their microphones. Harry looked at him, as if he were saying You shouldn't do that . "Shoot," he ordered. "Who moans louder, him or Ginny?" Harry froze; Ron had only said him , just a pronoun, but they both knew he meant Draco. "You were the one at the door!?" Harry asked. "Oh, you know, I was worried because you were not coming back. Then I understood why you did not leave that small toilet," he laughed. "So aren't you mad that I'm cheating on your sister and that I swing both ways?" "Yes, I am. You should have told me you are bi. And about my sister… it's part of the job, isn't it? Fucking flight attendants and all that jazz. At least that's what you're promised when you're studying. And you're not the only one cheating." Ron winked. "Ginny!?" Ron nodded. "Her lover is actually in this aircraft." "Well, Cedric is gay, and Hermione is with you, I'm with Draco so… she's shagging Luna!?" He could not believe that she was cheating on him with Luna Lovegood. "Surprise! Luna told me." "It'll be easier to break up with her, then," Harry thought out loud. "Exactly. Now you can both spend your time with your favourite flight attendants."