box. "Marvelous," said Mrs. Sheldon. "If you would both stand and face each other." Hermione stood numbly and turned towards Malfoy. He reached out and took her hands from her sides so that they stood handfast before the official. "Now, if you would both repeat after me. Will you honor and respect one another, and seek to never break that honor?" "We will," they both said, and a thread of purple magic enveloped their hands. "Will you share each other's pain and seek to ease it?" "We will." This time a thread of orange light joined the purple around their hands. "Will you share the burdens of each so that your magic may grow in this union?" "We will." A green thread shot out to envelope their hands and the three threads glowed briefly before disappearing into their skin. "And so the three promises have been made and your first vow is complete. Please cement the vow with the ring, Mr. Malfoy," said Mrs. Sheldon, smiling. Malfoy took the box from his pocket again and slid a ring onto Hermione's left hand. "Since my mother is still living, the Malfoy family ring will remain with her. I thought you would want something different anyway," he said. Hermione just nodded and glanced down at her hand. The ring was truly beautiful, a large hexagonal diamond flanked with smaller stones. Her mind was having trouble processing the events of the last thirty minutes. The counselor was prattling on about wedding timelines, but all Hermione could hear was a dull rushing in her ears. "Malfoy," she started, swaying slightly. "I think I'm-" "Granger, stay with me here," said Malfoy, stepping forward and helping her sit down again. "I think my fianceé and I would like some time alone, Mrs. Sheldon. You have my permission to withdraw." The counselor protested, but eventually gathered up her materials and gave them the room. Malfoy poured out some water from a crystal jug sitting on the table and pressed it into Hermione's hand. "Drink up, Granger," he said. "I can't have you passing out on me again." "I hardly passed out," Hermione complained, sipping the water nonetheless. "I just felt a bit faint." "Good to see I can make my fiancee weak at the knees," Malfoy said, smirking. That statement made Hermione bristle. "Yes, well I wouldn't be your fiancee if it were up to me," she said. "I still don't know why you insisted on going through with this, and don't give me that 'best Muggleborn' crap again." Malfoy sat forward in his chair and steepled his fingers. "Granger, there are some things that I can't tell you," he said. "However, I do promise, from here on, that I will never lie outright." "That's fair. I'm assuming lies of admission will be something else entirely," she replied. Malfoy stared back with a carefully blank face and Hermione sighed. "Fine, can you at least tell me why you accepted this match so readily?" "The past five years have not been kind to my family, Granger," said Malfoy. "The trials and my father's subsequent prison sentence haven't exactly burnished the family name." "Well, he deserved it," said Hermione. "I am not disputing that," Malfoy replied, face still blank. "However, it has raised significant challenges in our business operations and adding a war heroine into the mix will go a long way in improving relationships, both with clients and the ministry." "So this is to be a marriage of convenience?" "Yes," he said, nodding. "It its way, this marriage will be advantageous to both of us. I get to keep the ministry off my back and you will see that the Malfoy name opens many doors that were previously closed to you." "I thought you said your family name wasn't what it used to be," Hermione shot back. "Don't think for a second that the world isn't still full of prejudice, Granger," Malfoy replied, evenly. "The scholarly world especially values family ties." "Fine. What else can you tell me?" "That is all I am willing to say at this time," he said, standing and offering her a hand. "Has your light-headedness passed or do we need to take you to St. Mungo's?" Hermione waved his hand away. "I'm perfectly fine," she said crossly. "I certainly don't need help standing up." Malfoy nodded and retreated a respectful distance while she gathered her things. They had each been given a scroll of parchment detailing the expectations of the match. "What do you want to do about this," she asked, waving the scroll at him. "We are supposed to use the next two months to 'get acquainted.'" "Perhaps we could meet once a week to finalize the wedding plans," Malfoy said as they both moved towards the door. "We can use that time to learn more about the people we are now. I assume you would not accept a normal courting relationship." "What does that mean," Hermione asked, stopping short. "In arranged marriages, there is typically a courting period before the wedding. I believe the muggles refer to this as 'dating', but the wizarding version is more formal," he said, a small smirk coming to his lips. Hermione's face flushed. "I think the formal meetings once a week will suffice, Malfoy. No need to make this even more awkward than it already is," she replied. "Very well." AN: This is my very first attempt at a Dramione fic after reading these for 10+ years. I've been kicking around this plot idea for a little while and it is loosely based on the book Outlander. In my mind, this version of wizarding society is very formal, with set courting rituals like the Victorians, and muggle society is more permissive. So we have Virgin!Draco and a slightly more experienced Hermione which changes the dynamic of their relationship slightly. Let me know what you think, I'm hoping to update about once a week and if you are a beta I would love some feedback. ~MP