is how to survive the cold and how to hide within it. He's glad no one's cares to visit him in the Hospital Wing, he's glad for the curtains that shield him, and most definitely, he's glad that the one person who could see the holes in his story is blinded by his hatred for Draco. Harry can't help but feel relief when his friends leave close to Midnight. He knows he should feel grateful for their concern, but the reality of the situation is just too much to bear. He has only been in this state for the past few hours and he's already worn out. The effort of trying not to fall over every time he moves about has made his entire body stiff and weak. Even more exhausting is the effort of trying to stay calm, of not letting the never-ending darkness get to him. He lets out a slow, silent breath. How did he let this happen? Why does he feel the need to save the day? It's not like – it's expected of him anymore. Everyone has been telling him he can relax now, that everything's going to be easy from here on out. Harry presses his pillow onto his face. Stubbornly crushing the panic that's growing in his chest, he attempts to think logically about his priorities – but dammit he needs Hermione's help with that because all he wants to do it run out of the Hospital Wing and find whoever did this to him – but not before punching Malfoy in the face. Swallowing his impulses, Harry sits up and faces Malfoy's bed. He knows his best bet of finding any sort of lead is mere feet away. Resigning to a sleepless night, Harry carefully steps onto the cold tiled floor. It's interesting how he never noticed that the floor of the Hospital Wing was tiled before. The marble feels like ice as he walks slowly to Malfoy's bed, his hands outstretched before him. He touches a light fabric that must be the drawn curtains. Pausing for a moment before opening them, he listens closely for any human sound. "Um… Malfoy?" he whispers to his general direction. There's no response, of course. Malfoy probably has the luxury of easy sleep. Should he wake him? He then hears a whimper and his hand freezes in mid motion. He pulls his ear closer, moving the curtain a fraction, thinking maybe he misheard, but it happens again . Oh crap, is he crying? Listening closely, it doesn't seem like Malfoy's even awake. He can hear him tossing and turning in his sheets and one barely audible word: "N-No." Before he understands what he's doing, Harry rips the curtain open and urgently presses his hand onto the sleeping Slytherin's chest. He feels the other boy jolt awake and quite suddenly Malfoy is clawing Harry's hands off, hoarsely whispering, "What are you doing?!" Harry doesn't know. "I need to ask you some questions," he says without any emotion. "Can't wait 'til morning?" Malfoy retorts rather aggressively, "you know, when the sun's up? Oh right, you can't tell the difference." "Why were those Death Eaters after you?" Harry interrupts him. There is a momentary silence before Malfoy replies carefully, "what makes you think they were after me?" "You said as much to McGonagall, they were looking for you. What do they want with you?" "How am I supposed to know?" "Well, did they say anything about their plans? What do they want?" "Potter," Malfoy sighs dramatically, "why would they disclose their 'master plans' to me?" Harry could practically hear the quotation marks. "You were a Death Eater," he says coldly. "Yes, note the past tense." Malfoy grits between his teeth, "now can you piss off and let me sleep? I really don't need your hero antics this early in the morning." Something about Malfoy's snippety, dismissive tone makes Harry's unreasonably angry. He doesn't understand why, but Malfoy always has that effect on him, "I know you know something! It's no coincidence that Death Eaters stopped the train and came looking for you." "I really don't know." Harry can hear something in his tone that sounds almost like a lie. "I'm going to ignore you now." He begins shifting in his covers and closing the curtains around him, but Harry's hand instinctively moves out to stop him. "You must have recognized them, their faces or their voices? Who are they?" Harry presses. "No idea." "How is that possible?" Harry snaps. "It's not like we had Death Eater tea-parties. Most often I couldn't tell who was behind the mask. I'm guessing they're not even registered with the Ministry." "Meaning…" "They don't exist." Malfoy says flatly. Harry knows Malfoy is keeping something to himself, but he can't put his finger on it. Trying to swallow the frustration that is beginning to seep through, he chooses his next words with care. "I just find it strange that their main concern was getting you ." At these words Malfoy snorts with disdain, "Because I'm not worthy of it? Because you were on the train?" "No - I only meant -" "That you're an arrogant prat who won't let me fucking sleep?" Harry doesn't have a chance to retort. He can hear the heavy doors beginning to unlock at the other end of the Hospital Wing. As quickly and carefully as he can manage, Harry runs back to his own bed. He comes upon it far sooner than he anticipated; tripping into his curtains and covers. (He can distantly hear someone snorting in the background.) Just as the doors open, Harry manages to pull the covers over himself. Someone seems to linger there, possibly watching for any signs of life. Harry, who feels like 11 years old again, pretends to be sound asleep. After the doors closes shut, he continues to listen for any other sounds, but find none for the rest of the night, not even the heavy breathing of another person sleeping.