"It's coming back" Parkinson gasps her voice laced with fear. The recent argument forgotten as Parkinson lunges and clasps onto Hermione. They have never been this close, ever. They only time they have ever touched has been when Parkinson has gone out of her way to aggressively bump or push Hermione in a confrontational way but here she is holding onto Hermione in deep terror. A deep distorted growl is nearing "it never left, we confused it a bit" Hermione whispers back. "Whisper only" Hermione's chest begins to constrict her breath becoming short again. Her feet and legs begin to tremble. The sound ceases yet again. The werewolf knows they are somewhere near, it's waiting patiently for them to make an error, a trained hunter who knows it has the upper hand. It reminds Hermione of the cruel game Crookshank plays with a mouse he has captured. Slowly tormenting the poor little creature, playing and teasing it by throwing it in the air releasing them, letting them feel they may have escaped only to be dragged back with a giant claw. Exhausting them into submission. It never ends well for the mouse. She tries to save a many as she can but Crookshank is a keen predator. They both strain their ears to hear for any sound of the beasts next move. It's deadly quiet but for their quick breaths. Time moves slowly, she doesn't know how long they have been in this close position. "I don't want to die a virgin either" whispers Hermoine. She's not sure why she says it. It's as if she is at a confession. It's Parkinson's turn to be caught off guard, her words drawing her to look directly at Hermione. Their eyes locking, Hermione's heart pulsates hard against her chest as her hand drifts towards Parkinson's waist. Confusion whirls, through her entire body. Her mind blank. Swells of emotions run through her as Parkinson inhales sharply and her breath quickens. Her body trembles beneath her fingertips. Hermione hesitates. What is she doing? Perhaps the fumes from the bleach are making her delirious. She's never ever even considered kissing a girl before, let alone Parkinson. Her stomach drops she's made a horrible error in judgement, if she survives tonight she'll be forever tormented by Parkinson and her cronies. All dread and confusion dissolves as Parkinson matches her action and places her hand on Hermione's waist drawing her slowly closer and closer. Ever so slowly and cautiously. Their eyes shift between each other's lips and eyes. Their breath mingles, the swirl of sensations churning within Hermione makes her dizzy as a warmth broils through her body. Eyes still firmly locked on each other they gently move even closer. The air around them thickening with tension and desire. Hermione grazes her lips against Parkinson's, a jolt of searing excitement races through her as Parkinson's eyes flutter shut, her lips parting slightly, inviting her in. She's never been so bold. An electric shot of sizzling heat radiates in her stomach and in her pants as their lips meld into each other. The touch and taste of Parkinson's soft, warm lips causing her own eyes to close. There is a softness to the kiss that Hermione would never had expected. The way their lips move leisurely against each other clouds her mind. Shivers race down her spine as their tongues find each other. Hearing the sound of her own heart beating with desire as Parkinson traces her hands along Hermione's hip to cup her buttocks, pulling her closer, Hermione gently pushes Parkinson against the wall. A low moan escapes her as Parkinson wraps her leg tight around her waist pulling her flush against her body. Her breathing becoming harder as her hand traces upwards along Parkinson's thigh, the softness of her skin on her fingertips creating a longing pressure in her pussy, that continues to build as her hand carcasses up towards Parkinson's underpants. Her fingers timidly trace the edges of her underwear. She lets out a deep groan as Parkinson's fingers lightly trace along her hips to beneath her shirt towards her breasts. Their kisses becoming harder and feverish. The sounds of Parkinson's groans into her mouth building a desire she has never experienced before. The insatiable need to touch and feel Parkinson driving her hand upwards to beneath her underwear. "Albus, Albus 2 students are missing" The panicked voice of Professor MacGonigall freezing Hermione and Parkinson in their spot. Breaking their lips apart both girls look down at themselves. Their chests heaving. Hermione's hand is firmly up Parkinson's skirt just as Parkinson's is up her shirt. Mortified at the prospect of their Headmaster and Deputy Headmaster finding them in this compromising position of two horny teenagers, they forcefully push away from each other, and stare at each other in shocked disbelief. It has to be the fumes from the bleach that made them act so out of character, Hermione tells herself. Still dizzy with excitement and surprise she barely registers what she is doing. She's astounded by the speed that she opens the door, she needs to get out of here. Her heart racing for the umpteenth time this evening, but for completely different reasons. "Were in here" she calls out, her voice noticeably shaken. Standing before her is both Professor Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall dressed in a tartan nightgown and nightcap. The look on Professor McGonagall's face shifts from surprise to relief in an instant. "Oh thank Merlin" she says clasping her chest "you poor things look at you, so disheveled and shaking with fright" Hermione can feel the heat radiating from the base of her spine all the way To her face in embarrassment. She can only imagine how red her cheeks are. She dare not look in Parkinson's direction for she is sure she will give away exactly why they looked such a sight. "Come, let's go to my office for a nice cup of tea" Professor Dumbledore says in a soothing voice.