relief Snape moved on quickly, "Very well. It bothers me little to not know the secrets of Dumbledore's precious little golden boy. I've no time for such drivel anyway. Now, pack up your things. We are leaving." Harry's head spun so fast around he nearly lost his balance, "I'm sorry sir, did you just say-" "Move you stupid child! Pack your things, cage your bloody bird and gather your school books. We are leaving. If you are not down stairs and ready in five minutes I will go without you." and just like that the man turned to exit the room, stopping only long enough to give a rather lackluster stare at the locks and bolts that hung from the boys door. Harry couldn't process it at first, standing there absolutely dumbfounded until an image of him sitting at the burrow laughing with his friends entered his mind and he instantly jerked into action. He had no doubt the man would leave him if he lingered and so he quickly grabbed everything he needed, shoving the items haphazardly into his trunk. As if some great force had called to her Hedwig flew in through the window and landed in her cage. Stripping off his cousins rags and putting on some of his newer clothes he quickly tidied his hair and then was heading out the door. He stopped at the top of the stairs when he heard hushed whispering, "You can't take him, the wards! I've had enough of this magic business but I won't let you put Lily's son in danger, no matter how much I hate the little brat." "How maternal of you Tuney. So glad to know the boy has been well looked after and loved unendingly by your good heart." the sarcasm was not only there, it dripped from his words like a toxic slime. "You beast of a man, I remember you, I remember it all and I won't let the little freak fall into the same trap his mother did, stupid arrogant little woman she was." Harry jumped a little when he saw Snape whip his wand out and press the tip against the bottom of his aunts chin, "You and I have very different ideas about who fell into what trap Petunia. Let's not start off this transition on the wrong foot. The brat… is coming with me, you... can go about your pathetic little life, unimportant and in denial, while you waste away on your own bitterness." "I don't think I am the only one wasting away on their bitterness Severus Snape." she hissed though Harry could see the fear in her eyes, Snape seemed to really be considering doing something and Harry felt his instincts kick in, he purposefully jarred his case on the corner of the wall and the two adults looked up the stairs, his aunt with concern and his professor with mounting annoyance. Harry stopped next to his aunt and truly looked at her for the first time in a very long time, through the hate and anger, through the fear and resentment he saw a small twinkle of concern, a single drop of attachment and as Harry had no clue if or when he would be back he leaned forward slowly and gave the faintest peck of a kiss to her cheek, "Thank you, Aunt Petunia." though he didn't know why, because the woman did not deserve it, but something told him that this could be the last time he ever saw her. The woman gave a very faint nod but said nothing nor did she return that one moment of love they had just shared, how ever small, weak and broken it was. Dread filled Harry as he walked passed his professor and headed out the front door. He didn't see the look that passed between his aunt and Snape, black orbs of disgust meeting watery blue oceans of regret. PAGEBREAK Harry felt his potions professor next to him but wasn't prepared for his things to pop out of sight, Hedwig included. He normally let her find her own way to the burrow, instead she was going to be mad at him again. "Take my arm, Potter." The man said as he looked straight ahead and Harry could see the man's teeth gritting in his mouth. "Sir, about my aunt, how do you-" "Take. My. Arm. You stupid fool." The man hissed still not looking at him. Harry reluctantly did so and he felt the heat of the man's arm through his thick sleeves. Suddenly it was as if his body had been pinched and folded in all different directions and he was being hurled through a tight space. Moments later they reappeared and Harry landed with a grunt on his knees. He felt dizzy and his world was spinning, his stomach giving a great lurch but he swallowed it down and took a breath, "I just apparated didn't I." Harry said looking up to the darkly clad man next to him. A small frown graced the man's face, "Brilliant deduction Potter, though I'm disappointed, most people vomit the first time." Snape said as his eyes glanced down to Harry's pale face. Harry rolled his eyes and looked ahead of him, expecting to see the burrow, instead however he was greeted by a large block of dilapidated buildings, row after row, the air hung heavy with smoke and mist and the smell was less than desirable. The windows were dirty, with no sign of life or warmth and the feeling of the place was stagnant, heavy and unloved. "Professor, where are we?" Harry asked, unable to take his eyes off the terrible structure before him. "Welcome to Spinner's End, Potter." and with that, the man strode forward up the walk and disappeared inside the house. Harry was left out in the cold, on his knees, mouth open and eyes wide. A/N: hope you liked chapter one. R&R to let me know I'm editing chapter two now.