then as he pulled out his wand and once again performed a cleaning, drying and warming charm on both of them, "It is not up for debate, whatever your past experience has been with other adults in reference to your uncle's treatment of you I can assure you it will be quite different with me." Harry felt his heart flutter at the thought of never having to spend another summer with his uncle but that was not the point he was trying to make so reluctantly he tried again, "I wasn't talking about my uncle sir." Snape was at his desk now, writing something on a piece of parchment when he stilled and glanced over to the young man who stood awkwardly before him, "What then?" "It's just- my… the situation sir, between me and you I mean… it's hard for me- I don't think I could-" Harry couldn't bring himself to admit his own desire nor his lack of ability to control himself. The very thought of late nights alone with this man, talking and enjoying his company, being so close and not being able to really experiment with his wants, it was daunting to say the least. "If you are referring to your previously mentioned inclination towards me, I assure you I won't allow anything to happen that would put you or myself in a compromising position. We are both adults- at least I can say I am and I won't allow your feelings to persuade me down a path that is less than virtuous." "It's not you I'm worried about, sir." Harry looked down at this, his cheeks burning red and his stomach twisting with guilt. He heard the man set his quill into the ink pot and approach him, when a warm hand took up his chin and raised his face, green eyes fluttered closed and he leaned into the touch. Silence followed before Harry finally braved a peek and he saw the man gazing upon his face with a soft sort of understanding, "I can understand that. I could select a different teacher, perhaps your head of house?" "No!" Harry said quickly, "I don't- what I mean to say is, I would prefer you, sir." "Very well. It seems then-" Snape leaned in and spoke softly, "you shall have to try to restrain yourself." Harry swallowed the thick goop in his throat as his hands fisted tightly, "You could just give me something to help ease the tension." Harry offered in a soft voice, his eyes still locked with Snape's. "I hardly think drugging you would be the best course of action." the man began to pull away and release his hold on the young man's face when Harry suddenly grabbed the man's wrist to keep it in place, "That's not what I mean." Snape hesitated before a cruel smirk laced across his lips and Harry instantly decided he liked that look upon his face. "You're being very bold right now-" "And your teasing." Harry bit back with more venom than he meant to. "As interesting as that would be I think it would be better to-" Harry closed the distance between them and caught Snape by surprise, the instant his mouth met the older man's he knew the answer to his question of whether Snape held the same inclination for him. Severus reciprocated instantly, his hands gripping onto the front of Harry's robes and pulling him closer. Harry instantly felt over-powered and when Severus yanked him around and slammed him harshly into the table before gripping his bum and hoisting him up Harry felt his lower abdomen explode in excitement. The feared potions professor reached around Harry with desperate hands to knock the clutter from the table before he brought a hand to the younger man's chest and pressed him back. Harry complied without protest and as the man's fingers started to work the front of his robes Harry reached for his belt. That's when large hands gripped firmly onto his own and green eyes snapped up to meet black ones. "Wretched boy-" the man murmured, "We cannot do this-" "But I want-" "No! Sneaky, shifty manipulative little fool, I CAN'T do this. Even if it is what we want-" he stopped himself just there and Harry felt his heart hammer and his groin jerk in want. "We- that's good." Harry sighed with relief. Severus gave a low chuckle before he closed his eyes and shook his head, "Potter… we simply can't. It wouldn't do to get caught, I am a spy… this is NOT an easy position to hide. We- we just cannot do this…" Harry sat up slowly and looked down in true misery, "Not ever?" "Just now now-" This caught Harry's attention and he instantly looked up and asked, "When?" Severus seemed to think a moment and then let out a sigh, "Make your appointments with me in the evening to talk about the situation with your uncle. If all goes well, and if someone can keep out of trouble then by the end of the semester we can possibly see if such a match would be beneficial to-" Harry was kissing him again, a slow easy kiss that made the choosen-one feel less like an adolescent fool and more like a mature adult. His tongue moved gently against Severus's, his breath pulling in through his nose to capture the scent. When he pulled away Harry was happy to feel Severus follow his lips, catch them again and take up his face in a pair of large warm hands. This kiss was full of promise, a sharp longing and harsh good-bye. And for now, Harry would have to live with that. Minutes later Harry was sliding from the table, straightening his robes and taking the hall pass from his professor who gave him a quick smack on the arse and reminded him that their first meeting was at eight o'clock Monday evening. Harry knew, he wouldn't miss it for the world.