were practicing. I spotted him and I was just checking him out when he caught me staring. After the practice, he came to me where I was sitting. I was about to tell him off but then he went and kissed me. It was like I was being kissed the first time. And then sometimes we sneaked off to alcoves and all to snog. Then he asked me on a date and I agreed. When we were returning, it started out as a steamy snog but ended up in the best shag of my life.' Ginny completed her tale blushing. It was not often that Hermione saw her female best friend blush, so she figured that Ginny must really like Theo. 'Well… I'm so happy you found someone. Theo is one of those good ones. We are paired up in Ancient Runes. He doesn't talk much but from what I have observed, he is intelligent, witty and nice.' Hermione said and Ginny's face burst in a huge smile. 'So you don't have any problem with us dating?' Ginny asked. A little extra effort never went to waste. 'I'm no one to judge Ginny. I did go on many rendezvous this summer. Beside I don't really have problem with nice Slytherin. Theo and Blaise are nice. And Daphne is quite nice too. It's the like of Crabbe and Goyle and Parkinson that I have real problem with.' Hermione stated. 'Oh everyone has problems with the likes of them. But you didn't mention Malfoy.' Ginny raised one of her eyebrow at her. 'Ginny… Malfoy is a pompous ass, I admit. But he's not evil. I mean he did fight for our side.' Hermione said. Mission Successful- Ginny screamed internally. 'Well yes. I guess no one was innocent. We were as prejudiced as they were. So not all Slytherins are bad. Have you tried proposing truce with Malfoy? It may give you time to show your face in Gryffindor common room more often.' Ginny suggested subtly. Hermione pondered over it for some time before answering. 'No I haven't. I actually haven't even thought of any such thing. It's that he's always being a pain in ass in general.' 'Well I suggest that you should. Your fights are entertaining, believe me. But I would like to spend more time with you. And wasn't this year about letting your hair down? Throw parties and have fun. Just try. Maybe it'll result in something good.' Ginny said genuinely before bidding her goodnight. And when Hermione was in her bed trying to sleep later, it did seem like a nice idea. The week passed in a flash and soon the weekend was upon them. Hermione had finished all of her homework so she was actually looking forward to having fun. Then there was the thing about proposing truce. The past week, Malfoy had kept to himself aside from his daily dose of snide remarks. It had surprised her but it came as a huge relief. She could actually see what Ginny was going on about the truce. If it took a truce to give her peace of mind and time to enjoy her last year, then a truce it was. She rolled out of her bed and threw loose robe on her night dress which was a pair of shorts and a loose top. When she entered the common room, her eyes fell on her fellow co-head who was lounging on the couch reading newspaper. But the thing that possibly bothered her more than she cared to admit was that he was not wearing any t-shirt. She gulped and remembered Ginny telling her how hot Malfoy was. It looked like what Ginny said was cent percent true. His body looked like of a Greek God sculpted perfectly like those structures she saw in a museum. She closed her eyes and decided to focus on what she came here for. With renewed resolve in her eyes, she marched to him. 'Malfoy!' she said and he looked up from his paper. 'I need to talk to you about something.' She said as seriously as she could. Sensing the seriousness in her voice he kept the paper down and looked at her. 'Go on Granger.' He said smoothly. 'Look, you don't like me and neither do I like you. But we are stuck together in this common room and all heads duties together for this year. Now I don't know about you but I would like to enjoy my last year. So I say we make truce and try to work cordially. The prank war is great but taxing at the same time. I really don't want to run around all the time worrying what your next prank would be or thinking about new pranks. What do you say, a truce?' she said very calmly. He looked at her composed face. It was true what she said and he knew it. And if it made his life easier then… 'A truce it is.' He said nodding. She gave him a small smile before walking towards the bathroom. From where he sat, he could make out her figure very easily. And when she hung the robe outside before going in, he admitted to himself that Granger was hot. He was just digesting the fact that he had thought of her as hot when a shrieking sound came from inside the bathroom. He ran to the bathroom wandlessly unlocking the door. The scene inside had him in shock too. 'What the hell are they doing here?' was all he could say. A/N- my longest chapter ever. Wow! 5k! So, I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. And if you are intrigued to find out where this goes after this cliffy, hang on. And don't forget to review, favorite and follow. Tell me your guesses about who could be there in Head dorms washroom and I will dedicate the next chapter to you if you get it right. Till then… lots of love.