do? We have to tell him." He declared, his shoulders slumped. ===#^#=== "Wizard, huh?" Hadrian mused. He has just had the most interesting conversation with the Dursleys, during which they informed him of his heritage. He believed them instantly - they simply were not the kind of people to be joking around. If they, of all people said that magic was real, that was it, magic was real. Of course, despite it being very curious thing, it wasn't all that useful to him right now. He had more pressing concerns - as soon as aunt Petunia finished explaining about magical stuff, his uncle informed him that from the day after his birthday he would be starting doing chores to 'earn his keep'. That meant that he had only three full days more to forward his personal project without being bothered by the Dursleys. He sighed, sitting down and morphing into meditative position. His mind palace was almost ready, now he just needed to add some protective measures and he would consider it finished. ===#^#=== "I have no idea how I can repay you," said Donald. He was very grateful, because if not for Hadrian's help, he would be in serious troubles with his parents for stealing their money to go to the cinema. Fortunately, Hadrian hearing about his predicament, has been able to lend him the same amount, and his parents never even suspected anything. "Simply," Hadrian answered. "Just give me back my money this time. I still remember the last time, you know." "I will, I promise" the boy said solemnly, but Hadrian could tell, that he wasn't sincere, which made him angry. Donald started saying something else, but Hadrian didn't hear him. At the same time he felt a subtle shift in his magic, the one that he always felt when danger approached. He quickly and discreetly looked around and saw, that a huge lorry was running towards them. It must have been left at the top of a hillock without brakes engaged, because it was coming completely silently. He thought quickly, and then stopped without letting Donald know. I guess he won't keep that promise either , he thought, turning his face suitably shocked, which was probably expected of him now. ===#^#=== "Donald was a good friend," he started his speech, his voice pained, eyes wet. "It was only a stroke of luck, that today I'm here, while he is there. I often ask myself, if I should have been more vigilant. Would Donald still be alive? What would we be doing? Perhaps we could be going to the cinema with other friends, or play chess... I... I..." He stopped, seemingly overwhelmed with emotions. I hope I don't overdo it, he thought. "While I will always remember Donald, I know that he wouldn't want us to grieve too much. He would want us to move on and live a full life. That's how he was. Sleep well, my friend." He stood down and rejoined the crowd, accepting words of sympathy from well-wishers. ===#^#=== "Aunt Petunia?" "What do you want?" "I was wondering, if you know about any magical library where you could take me? I'd like to read a little about customs of wizarding world to make sure I won't be standing out." "..." "..." "I know of a book store in London that supposedly has a hidden section with books about magic, or so Lily told me. We can go tomorrow, and if prices won't be overly high, I will buy you some." ===#^#=== "Hadrian!" Petunia shouted. "Come here boy, there is a letter for you!" He quickly descended down the stairs. He was waiting anxiously, and it's finally arrived - his Hogwarts acceptance letter. Hadrian took it from his aunt, immediately shredding the envelope, and reading the content. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Hadrian felt like shouting with glee. He was accepted, he was going to leave this place, he was going to Hogwarts to study magic! Yes, he knew it was going to happen, but this, physical proof that all he heard and read till now was real, this finally drove it home. He quickly scanned second page. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags. COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK Yours sincerely, Lucinda Thomsonicle-Pocus Chief Attendant of Witchcraft Provisions ===#^#=== "Aunt Petunia?" "You have to simply walk through the wall between platform nine and ten. That's what she always did." "Ah..." "You can go or you can stay and come back home with me. It's your choice." "Goodbye aunt Petunia."