ignored and headed straight for the floo in the back. Once he returned to Grimmauld place he summoned the stack of parchment he kept on every effort he'd made toward finding Hermione. He would go over everything again. It wasn't the first night he'd spent pouring over the same information. First they had searched her home in Hampstead. That had been a dead end. The place was completely empty and untouched. Through a few well-placed confundus charms they'd learned the home was actually owned by Hermione Granger and not by her parents. Additionally, a building they found to be a closed dental practice was owned by Hermione Granger. When they'd inquired further they'd come up empty. Harry had to admit, her parents were completely buried, they couldn't find a trace of them until they went to Australia themselves, which was the next place they went. With no evidence of a struggle they assumed she'd gone looking for her parents. However, Monica and Wendall Wilkins ran a moderately successful dental practice with no children to speak of and no knowledge of a girl named Hermione. Still, Harry and Ron had stayed there for months, staking her parents out with the invisibility cloak to see if she'd turn up. Ron had even attempted to pose as a patient in order to get close to them. That had backfired spectacularly when Ron ran out of the practice while screaming about how mental muggles were. Within the stack of parchment were many correspondences with Professor McGonagall. Harry had written her to ask where Hermione had gone to primary school, where she'd possibly have extended family, every piece of information he could possibly compile about Hermione Granger. He kept every mundane fact he remembered, and everything he had learned since her disappearance, written down as best as he could. He even had her little beaded back tucked in the box, though it gave him nothing of use. There were photos too. If he was being truthful, that's what he was really doing tonight. Looking at her smiling and waving out of the photographs he had collected. Most included him or Ron, many had all three of them. Dennis Creavy had, very generously, gone through rolls and rolls of Colin's film to find many of these for Harry. Some of them were cut out of old issues of the Prophet, even a few from Skeeter articles. He ran his fingers over the well-worn photo of the three of them taken after Voldemort fell. It was published the very next morning, in fact. They were hugging each other in a grip so tight he would be surprised if they'd been breathing at all. Hermione had tears pouring down her cheeks but she was smiling. He had also kept every story about her disappearance, carefully clipped with every photo, every issue, every rumor, every theory, and every lead. Suddenly Harry broke out of his memory. "Kreacher!" He nearly screamed. The elf popped into being next to him and Harry jumped out of his chair in excitement. "Kreacher! I need you to do something for me, if, er," Hermione would want him to be kind. He took a deep breath, "if you wouldn't mind. Er. Please." He said awkwardly. Kreacher looked positively thrilled. "Kreacher would be happy to help Master Harry." He clapped his hands together delightedly. "I need papers Kreacher, newspapers, from everywhere. To help me find Hermione." He told the elf. "Master is already checking all the newspapers, Kreacher is watching master." The elf seemed confused by his redundant request. "No. I mean, Dumbledore, he said he read muggle newspapers, to stay informed or something," He told the elf distractedly. The memory of Dumbledore explaining the ministry ignoring muggle issues as inconsequential or unrelated to the wizarding world was screaming through his head like a siren, berating him for the oversight. Harry drew a deep breath, "sorry Kreacher, what I mean to say is I would like muggle newspapers. Someone, somewhere, just has to have captured a picture of Hermione, even if she's just in the background. So what I need you to do is get as many muggle newspapers as you can, from everywhere you can." Kreacher was nodding his head in understanding now. "You can't be seen by muggles through Kreacher, do you understand? I'll get in trouble if you're spotted. Also, any time you see the name 'Hermione' anywhere, bring me that as well. Even if she's using another last name I don't think she'd change her first, and it's fairly unique, especially with muggles." Kreacher bowed and disappeared with a pop. Even if Ron was right and she was hiding away from them, the muggle world would be the only place she truly could. Even in the muggle world, she wasn't immune to photographs and that would mean some had to have been taken. Harry would find them. Even if it meant he searched every muggle and wizarding publication the combined efforts of him and Kreacher could obtain. Somewhere, she was out there, and he wasn't giving up or moving on, Ron could do what he wanted but Harry was just getting started. With new hope ignited Harry made his way slowly up the stairs toward his bedroom. He mused on the idea that Kreacher was now his only real ally remaining in his search for Hermione. The thought was disheartening. It was true that Luna believed she was alive, though she offered no information. Unfortunately Luna was also off scouring some remote part of the world looking for some creature she had probably invented. Chrookshanks was already taking up what he had decided was his side of the bed, Molly had been only too happy to let Harry take the surly thing. He seemed to tolerate this living arrangement but was never particularly nice to anyone without Hermione around. One more ally. Harry's last thought before he drifted off to sleep was what Hermione would make of his misfit band of heroes.