him, as he had started to put together the pieces of his life. But he wasn't finished! The end of Hogwarts had come to soon. He had not figured it all out yet. He needed more time. More time with Draco close by, there to hold on to him when he started to fall. He was breathing more and more heavily, short gasps for air that just seemed to increase the pain in his stomach and harden the constriction in his throat. He could not do this. Why did everyone expect him to be able to do this? No one had ever thought him about making plans for his life. The Dursley's sure had not. He was a failure, they knew it, and he knew it. Why could not anyone else see it? He was not fit for this world! He had done the deed, killed Voldemort, and now he was finished. Done. There was nothing for him left. He had used up all his skills, all he was good for. The darkness seemed to increase around him, as if he was sucking even the faint light out of his surroundings. The dust from the air made him cough as his breathing got even worse. He could not do this. He just could not. He started to claw at his throat, feeling as if he was choking on his own tongue. Tears were flowing down his cheeks, but he was not even aware of crying. He just had to do something, to get air into his lungs again. He needed Draco, but Draco was not here. He was alone. Falling down on the floor, gasping for air and clawing gashes into his face, he tried to breathe. Draco Draco sat stiffly in the carriage as it drove him to the Manor. He could have apparated there, and usually he would have, but this time he just needed a little time for himself first. To relax had been the idea, but that seemed to be an impossible task. He should just have gone there straight away and gotten it over with. He just did not want to see Mother. Or, to be exact, he wanted to, but he was afraid of what he would find. He wanted his mother as she was before, but the sporadic communications from Drigg, the House-elf in charge, had told him that Mother had slipped even further away from him. Deep in her delusions and constantly in a drugged state, there would be no reaching her. Still, he had to try. He had told Harry he could not save anyone that did not want to be saved. That they had to want to be saved and save themselves. He firmly thought that to be the truth, but he still had to try to save Mother. She was all the family he had left. He just had to save her. He had to, no options allowed. Which meant, getting better care for her. That would be step one. There was no Healers worth the name that wanted to take pity on a Malfoy though. Not even if paid more than they would make during their whole lifetime otherwise. That meant that it fell on Draco's shoulders to restore his family name. Either that, or find a Healer with as dark a past as themselves, and using one like that would only further tarnish the Malfoy name if they were found out. No, he had to find a way to reclaim what they had lost. He had to do it, if not for himself, then for Mother. Because whether she wanted it or not, he would save her. He just had to. And then there was, of course, Harry. His heart had almost broken at the sight of Harry's face as he left him outside the station. He had wanted to run to him, take him in his arms and just take care of him. He could not though. He was going to the Manor, and Harry was not strong enough to face that. He had been through hell there, and so had his friends. Draco could not put it on his consciousness to take Harry there, as fragile as he was. Draco had thought about accompanying Harry to Grimmauld Place, but he knew that was only putting of going to the Manor himself. He had to go there now or risk never being able to face it. Also, what he had told Harry was true. Harry needed to learn to trust himself again. He had gotten so lost after all the pressure, that he had lost the trust in his own abilities. He had to learn and see that he was capable. Draco would try and help show him that, if he only could find out how. Right now, he just hoped that going alone to Grimmauld Place and just starting to make it into a home would be a start. Draco would try his best to be able to drop by the next day and see how he had gotten started. It was not like Harry had gone off to face Voldemort alone again. He had just gone to his new home. Draco had not been to the old Black residence since he was a small child, and his memories were faint. Quite dark and depressing, he would guess, but he knew that the Order had used it as it's base though, that had been relieved to him after the war. So he was sure that they had left it all cleaned up and pine fresh, a suitable palace for their beloved Savior. Harry would be fine, he told himself repeatedly. If Harry was to learn to trust himself and his abilities again, Draco had to show him he trusted them as well. Harry would be fine. Mother would be fine. The Malfoy name would be restored. Draco would see to it. One way or the other. He had to. Failure just was not an option.