From her mind he picked the knowledge that if she decided to speak up, tell them all about what had happened to him, Draco, then she'd be let out. Until then she was to remain there without human contact, food or any water expect the thin trickling that run down the wall in one of the corners. The water would barely be enough to dampen her mouth, but she resisted it although every fiber of her being shouted out for her to drink. As Draco came to her, she was weak from hunger and mercilessly aware of that fact. Draco could feel the agony in his mother's mind from not being allowed any sleep, from the loneliness and the quiet in her cell. The madness threatened to take her as the hunger gnawed inside her. Death was near now and the parts of her that was clinging to sanity hoped it would soon be there. Draco could hear her, repeating his name over and over again inside her head. Flashes of images of himself and his parents and happier times kept flowing by as she held on to them, trying to stay strong and not crawl over to the drops of water that was not enough anyway to keep her alive for very long, but would prolong her suffering. There was none of that immense agony his father had endured, but for once in his life Draco wished that had been the case. Suffering with her as she desperately tried to hang on to her sanity, feeling everything, the hunger, the cold and never ever hearing any sign of anyone else… Draco thought he had not suffered true agony until now. The slow death as his mother withered away from hunger and thirst alone was heartbreaking. His mother's memories flashing in pictures before him, constantly reminding him of what kind of woman she truly was, before everything had gone awry. The love she felt for him and for Lucius shone through. The devotion to family, the sadness that filled her for not having been able to see in time the error of choosing the Dark Lord. The regret of lacking in strength that Draco wished he could tell her was unjustified. She had been the strongest of them all - she alone had stood up to the Dark Lord, then as now to save Draco's life. Still, the Ministry saw nothing of that. They only saw someone who had been on the loosing side. They didn't ask why, they didn't ask what had led the Malfoy's to choose that path. They assumed and judged without knowledge of the whole picture. And then, when they needed scapegoats, they killed showing less mercy and more creativity than even Voldemort. Voldemort had inflicted pain, yes, but he hadn't been afflicted with too much patience. Slow agony with no one to witness had not been on his agenda. Draco was only dimly aware of his own body, curled up on the sofa and holding himself, as his mind was with his mother, trying to reach out and offer what comfort he could. She was too far gone though. She had probably known he would come when the bond activated, but that knowledge was far gone. Now all she had was her awareness of every feeling in her body and her only weapon to fight that was with the good memories she clung to. And she clung with all her strength. With nothing else to do, Draco started to sing to her. An old lullaby she had sung to him, when he was but a small child. He didn't know if she could hear him, if any of it reached her, but that was the only thing he could do as he settled in her mind, prepared to keep her company whether she knew it or not. He lost track of the times he sang the lullaby. He sang and observed as his mother lost her fight and crawled to where the water was and lapped it up like a dog. He felt her humiliation, he felt how she broke inside. He felt the strength she still had as she refused to call out to anyone listening, waiting for her to tell them his whereabouts. He felt her mind crack as she struggled to keep her thoughts on her memories that faded away more and more. He felt the agony of no sleep, no rest that gnawed at her worse than the lack of food or water. He felt her retreat into her basic instinct, loosing almost all that had made her human. He felt it when she tried gnawing her own wrists in desperation. He felt her trash her body around with the last of her strength. He felt her fall and break and forget her own name. After days of agony one last image came up. A smiling Narcissa held a newly born, platinum blond baby in her arms while Lucius stood beside her, eyes filled with love as he looked at his wife and child. "Lucius. Draco. My darling boy…" the mind of Narcissa whispered as she shortly regained her mind just as death finally came and gave her soul mercy, cutting off her bond to Draco. When he was back in his own mind again, Draco just sat there. He couldn't believe what he had witnessed. That the Ministry, the supposed "light side" had done this. His thoughts went to Potter. Had he been aware of this happening. Draco's mother had saved Potter's life! And he had let this happen to her. He had let them do this to her. Never mind Draco, never mind Lucius, Potter had no reason to help them. But to let this happen to the woman who had saved his sorry arse! Draco couldn't believe it. He felt rage build up inside him. He felt the hate from all those years back in Hogwarts return and intensify. Potter would pay for this. They would all pay.