from him. Colby shook his head. "Ced, man I know you're nice. But we all know that kid totally snuck his name in. I mean, everyone wanted to be chosen. And Potter couldn't handle not being in the limelight. I mean, this is a once in a life time chance for fame and glory. Who wouldn't pass it up?" "Someone already famous?" Cedric deadpanned. Colby flushed a bit at his tone but held his point. By this time the entire common room had quieted down, eager to hear the latest batch of Potter Drama. Colby blustered "Well he could be doing it for the reward! All that gold is a pretty good incentive!" "He's the Heir to both House Potter and House Black, Colby. And House Black is one of the Sacred Twenty Eight, remember? His godfather named him Heir before he went on the run. It was a big deal in the Ministry. A lot of huff on whether a fugitive or convicted prisoner can declare an Heir apparent. But he did, and now Potter has more gold in his vaults than he could ever spend in his lifetime, and more status than he knows how to deal with." Marcus Collinsworth, a fifth year pureblood scoffed. Cedric gave Collinsworth a grateful glance before looking beseechingly at his friend. "He was terrified, Colby. He didn't put his name in. He was so scared. Professor Moody thinks that someone put his name in so that he would die in the tournament. Someone's trying to kill him." "Whoa. Really? Who would want to kill Potter?" Jessie sneered skeptically. "Really, Ash? You can't think of anyone who would want to kill Harry Potter. Death Eaters tend to come to my mind." Cedric growled, taking a petty joy in Jessie's embarrassment. "But…but he's just a kid." Colby gaped. "The headmaster wouldn't allow it. He-" Collinworth's scoffed again. "Like he wouldn't hire a defense teacher being possessed by a shade, or allow a basilisk to roam the plumbing, or let Dementors onto school grounds? Face, it Colby, this isn't the first time the headmaster let Potter roll the dice on fate." The dark-haired boy looked scornful. Colby's pudgy cheeks went pale. And many older students looked grim. The younger years were ushered to their rooms. The upper years all sat quietly in the Hufflepuff den, each face more solemn than the last. "But, he's just a fourth year." Colby whimpered. "Yeah, and he was a first year when Quirrell tried to kill him, and a second year when he was almost eaten by a Basilisk, and a third year when his soul was nearly sucked out at a Quidditch game. Potter is literally a karmic punching bag. And I don't see Dumbledore stopping it now, any more than he has in the past." Cedric was astounded by Collinworths vitriol. He knew the Collinworth's traditionally went to Slytherin or Ravenclaw, but he thought Marcus was a bit softer than his older siblings because he was a Puff; It seemed not. His words were just as biting as any of his brothers or sister. But that wasn't important now. Cedric stood tall in the middle of the den. Raising his voice to make sure everyone (even the eavesdropping younger years) could hear him. "Harry Potter did not put his name in the Goblet of Fire. But he's being forced to fight in a tournament he didn't want to be in. He's scared and with good reason too. He's fourteen, he is in no way prepared to compete in this type of game. If left to fight alone he will probably die. I promise everyone, I will compete my hardest. And I will do my best to win the Tournament. But I will also do my best to keep Harry safe. Someone is trying to hurt one of my friends. I won't allow it. As a Hogwarts student, as a man, and as a Hufflepuff; I can't. Will any of you help me? Not only to work hard to bring Hogwarts victory in this tournament, but also to show loyalty to a friend?" The den was quiet. Everyone was watching him silently. For a long moment Cedric was worried that no one would stand. That he'd be on his own, protecting Harry. Then Collinworths stood up. "Potter has had enough crap in his life. Like hell I'm going to be the dick who adds on to it. You got my wand, Diggory." He gave a traditional vow of solidarity. Colby stood "He's just a kid. There's no way he can do this without help. You have my wand, Cedric." Again and again, more and more upper years stood and gave their wands to Cedric's cause. He felt his eyes prickle a bit, his smile began to ache but he couldn't stop smiling. Jessie Ash was the last to stand. She looked stern and strong. "I don't really know the kid, but he's your friend Cedric. And a friend to one Hufflepuff is a friend to us all. You have my wand." "Thanks guys." Cedric was awed by the greatness of his house. Every Hufflepuff fourth year up, agreed to help him. He was humbled by their friendship. Then Justin Finch-Fletchey came into the den, followed by the younger years nervously behind him. "Harry saved me from the snake in dueling club. I didn't understand it then and I treated him something awful for weeks. Then he went out of his way to fight the Basilisk to save everyone, even though he didn't have to. I owe Harry. I-I I want to be his friend. I can't do that if he dies in the tournament. You have my wand Cedric." The younger years followed with their own vows of solidarity. The entire House stood together, united. To know that he had the support of his house, Cedric didn't bother to hide the wetness on his cheeks, if this wasn't a moment to cry then he didn't know what was.