instinct, Harry took it in his hand. It felt odd. He returned it back to the box. "It didn't feel good, Mr. Ollivander." The old man's face was lit with surprise at the statement. He closed up to him. "Tell me Mr. Potter, have you felt your magic so far?" Harry remembered the white glowing ball inside his mind. He nodded briskly. "Very well. Come with me." The old man took him away and made him stand in front of another long table. "I have before you an assortment of boxes, each containing a single magical substance." He pointed towards the heap of black boxes assorted on the table. "You need to feel out each box before moving to the next. If you feel anything, let me know." Harry carefully nodded and waved his hand before the first box. He felt nothing. The second and third felt the same. The fourth one felt particularly odd. On the fifth one, he stopped. "This one feels... comfortable." "Ah! How amazing." The man cried out, as if he had just seen the most interesting thing on the planet. Picking the box up, he opened it. "Ebony, a powerful substance for wood. Suitable for offensive arts." He spoke out, before closing the box and keeping it back. "Now, if you would." He pointed towards the next set of boxes. "Inside these are different magical cores. Let your magic guide you." Harry did as told and after six attempts, he felt something. While the feeling was comforting, it was somewhat... odd. "It feels comfortable but as if, it is missing something." He told the old wand maker. The man opened the box and spoke out delightfully. "A phoenix feather. You sure are an interesting wizard, my boy." Not sure whether he had been criticized or complimented, he moved his hand further until he reached another box. The feeling was similar once again. Comfortable but incomplete. "Does it feel exactly like the previous one?" Harry nodded in agreement and the wand maker carefully opened the box. "Thestral hair. Interesting, very interesting. However, humor me once." He placed the box with the phoenix feather and the new box together. "Feel it out." Harry waved his hand over it. The feeling was inexplicable. It was as if... his magic was singing in tune to the substances inside the box. He felt happy, complete. A smile graced his lips. "And that concludes the experiment. You can wait in the outer chamber; I need to craft your wand." The old man hurried him out before getting started with his work, humming to himself. Strange. After an impatient wait of thirty minutes, the old wand crafter returned. "I took my time. I could never rush a wand, especially one as precious as this." He took out another of those long black boxes. Inside was the most beautiful wand he had ever seen. The handle was carved with ivory and was beaded for better grip. The long slender handle was blend of ash and black. Harry picked up the wand, ready to give it a wave but something strange happened. A sudden gust of wind filled the entire room, and washed over his face. In some obscure way, he knew that he had chosen the right wand. "It feels nice." "Aha!" the wand maker clapped like a little child expressing his delight. "Wonderful! Wonderful! Ebony with a phoenix feather coupled with thestral hair. A versatile wand if there ever was one." "Versatile?" The old wand maker was very happy to explain. "Every magical substance has an inclination towards a particular brand of magic. Same goes for wands. This one, however, is a very versatile one. I would wager that there is hardly any field in which this wand would not give an exemplary performance. Use it well." Hagrid had bought him a beautiful snowy owl as a birthday gift. Harry thanked him gratefully and the duo returned to the Leaky Cauldron. It was time to go home. "Say Hagrid, what was that secret thing you took at Gringotts?" Harry began. "Can't say to you 'arry. It is something very secret. Dumbledore trusted me to do it for him. It would be better if you would keep this news a secret too." Hagrid explained, his large hand inside his pocket, checking if the package was still there or not. "If that is the case, surely you are getting late. I can return back on my own." Harry enunciated slowly, putting on his best innocent face to try convincing the gentle giant. "But 'arry, I am supposed to-" Hagrid tried. "You just said that the package is important to Professor Dumbledore." Harry enunciated his words carefully before going for the kill. "Professor Dumbledore is depending on you to get it for him. I can manage, I promise." "Okay," the giant looked almost uncertain now. Harry held out his hand. "I will manage. I am used to doing things alone." "If you say so 'arry, I should leave." Hagrid searched his pockets to bring out a rather condensed vintage model of an Enfield motorbike. With a flick of his umbrella, the large contraption grew to its actual size. Hagrid sat upon it and put on his overlarge goggles. "See ya in Hogwarts 'arry!" Harry saw the giant leave on his motorbike. A small smile on his face changed into a lop-sided grin. "Let's get cracking!" he murmured to himself. His eyes flashed an eerie green. ### AUTHORS' NOTE: Hi guys! This is my third story on this website. I just had this sudden epiphany about a certain thing in HP world and it gave me a wild idea. The rest as the say is history. Nothing is finalized but I believe this will also be a multi-part story like Wizarding Chronicles. Now, let me state right here that I am NOT ABANDONING any of the other fics I started. Follow, favorite and Review...and special thanks to Lady Edgecombe for her efforts in beta-ing my work.