your hands and the way you touch me, even though we're in love. You say to my body you love me; you whisper to my heart that you are this great big pillar that I can hold. But when you don't think I'm looking, your gaunt frame betrays you and you feel colder than any sunless scope. Why is it that you think you're not enough for me? Is it the rumors? Is it yourself? Is it me being me? What is it? Regardless, it hurts me. I know the words are always on your lips and in your mind. I see them, Severus. Let's break up . I know they're hanging right there, but you always shove them away. And that scares me. I don't want to hear it. I don't. I can't. Right now, my eyes are shut because I would rather be blind than live in a world without you. That is what darkness is to me, Sev. Everyone tells me that I can do better. But not our friends. They know that there's no such thing as perfection; Harry tells me all the time about his bitter nights when he turns to sleep to avoid the stomachache of drinking, only to fall into a dream of words thrust in his ears about how he should follow his parents, his godfather, Dumbledore, or even you. He acts like you a lot. I don't know if you have ever noticed, but he does. He tries to take on the hardest tasks and puts a lot of weight on himself. Personally, he strikes me as a masochist; but I wouldn't know. He's a bit quiet when we see one another nowadays, but I think he is happy to make a change, even in all the chaos that tags along his side. That , I think, is a thought which makes him smile a bit more, because it reminds him of how much you gave up for him, for us. Hermione rants about how awful it is that she has to be the new light for all muggleborns and the perfect little queen that reigns on high, a castle abandoned except for her little knight. He, she says, is what keeps her head on straight. But it gets worse every time we talk and she always clenches her fists a little tighter. When we talk about you, she gets this little smile on her face - you should know that she regrets nothing of your time together (after all, you know more than most the kind of woman she is, the kind of person she has come to be). I think it is funny that you two miss each other but see each other all the time; but I also am happy that you two still share the love, even though you two are not in love. George tells me about how he and Ron have accepted that their lives are not normal - two men of absolutely renowned early adulthood running around managing a joke shop of all things? Every time they meet someone older walk in with their kids, they see the confusion and unsettled gaze of people propping up expectations in their faces. It hurts, Sev. Charlie and Bill, oh, and Fleur too; they all tell me about how everyone, even their own family - yes, Severus, even the Weasleys themselves have complicated interrelations: a startling thought to be sure - suffers from the struggle when they come together. The short of it is that people want to see what they think they need, they want to hear and find a world that fits their image of everything that builds an everyday paradise. For them, it's admiring people and not pursuing the world. And that hurts a lot, too. It's… quite frankly, Sev, I don't know a word for it besides disgusting. Someone once said "One who wins should, must, always speak of the world should be; not , of how it is ." I I would like to think that; honestly, it sounds so idealistic, so simple, so beautiful. And truthfully? The world can be that way. We like to make it black and white. We also love to make it blur and touch shades of grey. So it can be complicated, too. But I think that saying cannot be expressed at every moment; if we look at only the way the world can be, do we lose sight of what it already has done? Are we now then blind to any greatness achieved or sadness struck? Every day, I look in the mirror, too, Severus. And I am glad that this world came to be, despite all the past and present and even the untold future. Or futures, presents, and pasts. All of it. Of all the worlds and all the times, we have us. I see you . I love to talk about all the things out there and I love even more to find them and bring them back. I know you try your best to improve the world around us. And that is something each of us should strive to do. But when we exchange love between us, there is no other. There is only us. Because… in the space between you and me, there is nothing - it is empty, because it has yet to fill; and that, my Severus, is okay. Because the only thing between us is love, which never occupies anywhere but inside of one another. No matter what anyone thinks, whether it's us or others, I know that there are ways we can talk about what we could be; and yet, I also know that we are. That this is. He opened his eyes and followed the trail that Memory-Severus took, his gaze tripping blurrily and weary. A smile crossed his face as he felt his heart constrict with all the love in the world. No matter what the situation, he knew everything would be okay. Always.