trust that the Goblins will help you. Even if they don't like you, they'll do it for gold and you have plenty of that, especially if you're reading this. It was my hope that I would tell you this when you finish school this year but apparently that wasn't meant to be. Anyway like I said, get out from under Dumbledores thumb, go to the Potter family mansion. You'll be safe there and the house-elves will look after you. The wards on that mansion are impenetrable. I'm sorry I can't be there to guide you and that I don't know more about what's going on, well at least at the time of writing this. I will tell Moony everything, Dumbledore can't read his mind, it's a werewolf thing. Don't trust any other adults who are close to Dumbledore, he is held on too high a horse for them to see him clearly. Contact Moony if you can and let him know where you are. He will come to you and help. I love you Pup. Your dogfather Sirius Harry's hands were shacking with anger as he read the letter a second time. Leaping out of his seat Harry started to pace the office. He thrust the letter at Blunttooth as he couldn't articulate what was wrong at the moment. "Ah, I see, well at least someone has seen that Albus Dumbledore isn't the great man everyone thinks he is." Blunttooth said calmly when he finished the letter. Harry shot a glare his way, silently asking him to go on. Blunttooth shrugged "the Goblin nation has tried many times to improve our relations with the wizarding world. But whatever we try to get put through the Wizengamot, it is always turned away, by people swayed by his arguments." Harry stopped suddenly, shocked at this news. Groaning Harry slumped back in his chair. "Blunttooth I don't know how much more I can take today." Blunttooth looked at the wizard with sympathy, everything the wizard had been excited about today had something to do with freedom, whether the ability to do magic when he wanted, the ability to live wherever he wanted, the ability to have someone fired to make his life easier. This last bit of business though. This was going to be a blow to some of that freedom he had gained, the freedom from having someone living inside his head. He wished he didn't have to tell the man, he had actually become quite fond of his client in the short amount of time they had spent together. He went to speak and was interrupted by the Goblin he had spoken to earlier. They came into the office and placed a box and five books on the desk. Blunttooth opened the box and saw that it contained a great deal of potion vials and a note from Healer Dagrowth explaining their use and outlining the health plan she wanted Harry to follow. Nodding to himself and dismissing the other Goblin, Blunttooth pulled a leather satchel from his desk. He placed the Vault books, Account books and the box of potions inside it, as well as the letters from Harry's parents and the other letter from Sirius Black. Satisfied that all of his clients things were inside the bag he cleared his throat to get Harry's attention. He wondered how he was going to explain this to his client, particularly because he client didn't seem to know any wizarding traditions. Harry opened his eyes wearily, remembering that Blunttooth had one last thing to go over with him. He conjured up a glass of water and sipped at it as Blunttooth began to talk. "Many, many years ago your great grandfather Charlus Potter sat down with another Lord. They wished to merge the families to sustain mutual growth, blood purity and cordial relations. Part of their agreement was that they would back each other in the Wizengamot. They shared many of the same ideals. The issue was they didn't feel as though they could trust one another not to betray the other, so they wrote up a contract that would bind their two families together." Harry nodded, when Blunttooth paused to show he was following so far. "Well this contract was a contract of marriage, to ensure trust in one another they tied the families together as one." "Okay, and what does this have to do with me?" Harry asked slowly. "The contract has yet to be fulfilled. You see the contract stipulated that next compatible Heirs - meaning one male and one female - of the families, that were born within a five year range of each other, would be married. So far when your family and the other have had children they have either not fallen within the timeframe or they were both the same gender." Blunttooth explained, he saw the moment his client understood. His nostrils flared and his eyes hardened. "Are you telling me that, my great-grandfather has, essentially, married me off to someone I don't even know?" Harry said, his voice barely belying the emotion underneath. The Goblin shifted in his seat "I believe you do know them, at least by name or sight, they do attend Hogwarts with you after all." "Who?" Harry growled. "Parkinson is the other name on the contract" Blunttooth replied, hoping that the girl was at least pretty for the wizards sake, and perhaps his own if the look in the young man's eye was anything to go by. Harry blinked hard for a moment as he took in the words that the Goblin had said. " PANSY?!" he exclaimed. AN: Please review? I'd love to know what you think, I know that it's probably a bit generic so far but.. (shrugs) there's only so much I can do with a beginning like this! :D Also on the lost fics, I will either be getting my hardrive repaired/restored/retrieved or I will write them all over again, it's just so daunting though! :(