waited. It was a passenger train with some kind of freight capacity behind it. The child stood by the tracks as the train roared past. The air whipped around them and the noise was exhilarating rather than scary which was unusual for them; usually they hated any loud, sudden sound but this was more like music, which the child loved. That rush of energy and speed was exactly what they needed to end what had been a rather stagnate, uneventful day. Looking down the line, they could see that the train had at least another thirty carts to it. This was their ticket out of here. The child crouched down and unlaced their boots; a sensible pair of shoes inherited from the last prize fighter when they had met an untimely end in the Autumn. The child was better running barefoot as they could get onto the balls of their feet more. It seemed unnatural to them to walk on the soles of their feet. After all, thats not what werewolves did during the full moon. Timing was everything. They closed their eyes and counted, adjusting to the rhythm of the train. Eyes snapped open once more and they began. Stick like legs suddenly adopted a power that seemed unreasonable, boots left on the snowy ground. The strength with which they moved and the length of the child's stride was something to behold, not that anyone was watching of course. The child knew that tonight they were alone, the rest of the pack headed south across the sea to Poland. Their pace built and built and built and built, bare feet barely touching the snow covered ground as they flew alongside the train. The trees alongside the track became a blur as their vivid green eyes, pupils dilated, focused in on their target, like a wolf honing in on its prey. With a shout, they leapt. Airborne they glided with an unexpected grace. The long limbs that leant the child a certain gangly and almost ungainly demeanour when stationary suddenly became balletic. This child had a body that was made to move. They landed gracefully on top of the metal bed as if this was a manoeuvre that was executed regularly. Looking back, they could see a small black dot on the white ground. The boots. Holding a hand out, they summoned them. A slight shift and then they suddenly hurtled towards their owner. A cheap trick, the child thought, but a useful one as they put their socks and boots back on in the bitter cold. Tucking their chin into their chest, the child walked along the roof of the moving train, jumping between flat carriages as they went. They supposed that they would normally be used to transport cars. Once they had reached the passenger section it would simply be a matter of unlocking the carriage door and stepping in unseen. The cold and the whipping wind and snow was making concentration difficult but they focussed as best they could on the door handle. Willing it to open up, they waited until the metal handle clicked down and the door opened a few centimetres. They were in. Thankfully, the guard was not. Shaking slightly as they moved from the cold to the warmth, the child entered the main carriage. It was deserted and suddenly the child remembered what day it was. It was New Years Eve. People would be celebrating not travelling tonight. The child felt a little safer in this empty muggle carriage than they had in the quiet wizarding tavern. They'd long ago stopped thinking that this was bizarre state of affairs as generally muggles left them alone whereas witches and wizards were considerably more hostile. The child lay on their stomach across three seats and pulled out of their trouser pockets a pencil and a very battered looking piece of parchment. Drawn on it were a number of different faces as well as the picture of what would, to a muggle, have looked like a cage fighting ring. This was how the child documented their life. A pictorial diary since words eluded them. No-one had ever bothered to teach them how to read or write. Why would they? Subhuman thing that they were. The child thrust their hand into their incredibly capacious pockets (one of the child's standards that they refused to compromise on was that they always wore wizard tailored trousers on account of their pockets that were bigger on the inside) and pulled out a half eaten bar of chocolate that they had won in an arm wrestle against a muggle child in Ystad. Breaking off a piece and nibbling the end of if, they set about starting to draw the train. The child's hands were twisted, two fingers on each hand permanently bent towards the palm, but by the quality of their drawing, they were obviously still very dextrous. Earlier in the year, they had also had the opportunity to practice some guitar. It was tricky not having all the required digits but they managed to work around it. They wanted to try the piano next. A series of bangs erupted outside the train and the child's head snapped up, their muscles tensed, ready to fight. But they soon relaxed as the carriage was illuminated by fireworks dancing across the sky. It was still a little too loud though and so they put a muffling charm on the window. The colours were lovely but the reminder of the sounds of spells rebounding on walls or cracking out of wands as they ran or fought, they could live without. The lights of the fireworks didn't threaten them. Only light from wands threatened them but it was an association that the child could not help. And so the child lay, eating chocolate and watching the fireworks over the trees, humming Old Lang Syne to themselves, unaware that it was their eleventh birthday. Unaware that they were loved. Thanks very much for reading! Please review!