back into the manor. "Thank you, Draco," she said softly. "I don't know if he really would have used magic against me, but I'm glad you intervened." "Of course. I'll always protect you." He didn't quite mean to say something so revealing, but it was too late to take it back now. But Hermione smiled happily. "And I'll always protect you." Draco smiled and shook his head. As if he'd need protecting, in either this state or his human one. The sentiment was sweet, all the same. "How about we go find something to read in the library?" he suggested. "That sounds great!" she replied, nodding enthusiastically. They made their way to the grand library, and Hermione immediately rushed off. Draco figured she already knew just what book she wanted. He was right; she returned within minutes, a large book clutched tightly to her chest. When she drew closer, she turned the cover so he could read the title. Storm Front. "What's it about?" Draco asked. Hermione's eyes brightened. "It's about a wizard detective in America," she chattered excitedly. "It's a murder mystery." "Let's get started." They spent the next several hours reading. Draco sat on the floor in front of the fireplace, leaning up against an armchair, while Hermione rested her back against his chest. He held the book so they both could see it easily, and they enjoyed the story in companionable silence. Whenever Hermione finished a page, she would glance up at him and wait until he was ready for the next. He often finished reading the pages before she did, but spent the extra time watching Hermione as she read. He thought she was very beautiful when she was relaxed and happy. Everything was peaceful until the sun reached the horizon. Draco and Hermione jolted to their feet when they heard the front door blast open. He motioned for her to stay in the library while he investigated the intrusion. He peered out into the hallway. It wasn't exactly a surprise to find Ronald in the entry with his older brothers and several other thugs from town. "There!" Ronald shouted. "That's the beast that's kidnapped Hermione!" All ten people rushed toward him at Ronald's words. Draco ducked back into the library and hurriedly locked and warded the door. "They're here for me," he said resignedly. "You need to hide." Hermione scowled at him. "No way! I won't just let them hurt you, Draco." He shook his head. "There's not time to argue. If you won't hide, then you need to stay in here. I'll take care of them this time." "Draco, please—" "No, Hermione. I'm not negotiating." And before she could protest further, he Apparated into the hallway, leaving Hermione in the locked and warded room. She should be safe in there. "Get out!" Draco yelled at the group of intruders. They rushed at him again, Ronald in the lead. "You're dead, Malfoy!" "In your dreams, Weasel!" Draco retorted. His words only seemed to further enrage Ronald. Multicolored streams of light began flashing past him as the mob of angry men began firing jinxes his way. Draco whipped out his own wand and began disarming the assorted wizards one by one. It was quick work—most of them were very poor with defensive magic. Draco laughed triumphantly as he faced down Ronald. "You and your band of misfits are no match for me, Weasley. Give up now, and I'll let you all live." But it seemed Draco had underestimated Ronald, for in the next second the gangly redhead had aimed his wand and shouted, "Avada Kedavra!" Hermione managed to break through Draco's wards and pull open the library doors just in time to see the burst of green light hit him square in the chest. With a look of surprise on his face, Draco crashed backward onto the floor. "No!" Hermione ran forward and knelt by his side. His eyes were open, but were glazed over, unseeing. She glared up at Ronald. "You killed him! You killed him!" Ronald sneered derisively. "That was sort of the point." Words had escaped her grasp by that point. She was so angry that red was tingeing the edges of her vision. Her head fell back and she howled with rage and grief. A blast of power radiated outward, with her as the epicenter. Several loud thunks signaled that Ronald and his thugs had been knocked out, but Hermione was oblivious. She laid her head on Draco's chest and cried. "I'm so sorry," she murmured through her tears. "This wasn't supposed to happen, not to you." She choked on a sob, then hiccuped, "I love you." It was a long time before Hermione noticed the pure, white light emanating from Draco's body, so deep was her grief. When his body was lifted into the air by the magic, and she was dumped unceremoniously onto the marble floor, she finally understood that something monumental was happening. The light flashed green for a moment, then all was still. Laying on the floor beside her was a perfectly normal man. His white-blonde hair was perfectly arranged, his porcelain skin unblemished. When his eyes fluttered open, they were the same molten silver. Hermione laughed in disbelief and joy before throwing herself into his arms. "You're alive," she whispered in awe. "You're alive." Draco quickly sat up and wrapped his arms around Hermione to keep her from toppling over. His eyes widened in disbelief when he saw his own arms reaching for her instead of a monster's. He gently pushed her back and looked into her eyes. "I'm me again," he murmured. Hermione grinned widely. "You always were." He matched her relieved smile. Then he impulsively leaned forward and melded his lips to hers. Her arms moved to encircle his neck. He trailed his hands up to tangle in her mane of wild curls. After several long, arduous moments, Draco pulled back a fraction once more. "I love you, too." And they lived happily ever after…