If I could... scare up a young werewolf of the appropriate age by the thirty-first of this month, they would indulge my fool-hardy notions." "You got me into Hogwarts," Remus said slowly, incredulously. "On a dare?" "Speaker Rowland-Gates sees it as a dare. I see it as a rare opportunity to begin breaking down the walls of prejudice that we wizards have the unfortunate habit of clinging to." Dumbledore said. "No, wait a second." Remus set his mug down with an unnecessary thump. "There are enormous ramifications to what you're saying, Profesor Dumbledore. Not the least of which is what can happen if the other students that there's a werewolf living in the same dorm as them! What's going to happen if they find out? Where am I going to transform every month? Who's going to know? Because I'm a wreck after every full moon, Professor! Someone's going to have to come fetch me and I don't start feeling human again until the evening - - Or at least that's when I can hold a coherent conversation again." "All good questions, Mister Lupin. And all very understandable concerns." Dumbledore smiled broadly, holding up a hand to forestall further comments. "The staff will be the only ones informed of your persistent condition. We have several safe-guards already in place and they will stay regardless of whether or not you join us this year. We do not wish to go full-bore with the details, in case you do not wish to join us." "Wish to?" Remus repeated in disbelief. "Of course I wish to. I went to Bluehallow Primary. Hogwarts was all anyone could talk about the last few months. I want to go!" "But?" Dumbledore prompted. "But I'm a werewolf !" Remus hissed, as though the word was a particularly foul curse. "I'm dangerous ! If I get loose on the full moon and bite someone, it won't matter how old I am! I'll be lucky just to be thrown in Azkaban!" "However, you acknowledge that you are not dangerous any other day of the month, yes?" Dumbledore inquired. "N-No, they've got werewolf lore all wrong." Remus said, shrugging and shaking his head. "I mean, I feel like chasing the sheep sometimes and I growled at Pastor Thomas last week when he got too close to my sister - - Pastor Thomas likes little girls, you see; everyone knows it. And I may have rolled in the - - ahem, dirt with Mr. Colyer's collie a few days ago, but I've never felt that bloodthirst all the books say werewolves experience all the time." Dumbledore clapped his hands. "There, you see? If any of that clap-trap about constant bloodthirstiness was at all true, why we'd have werewolf attacks so frequent that even the Muggles would know all about it." He smiled reassuringly at the eleven-year old. "Instead, you experience behaviors that are rather off-putting at times, but will bring no harm whatsoever to your classmates. One night out of the entire month is nothing to fret about." He reached under his suit coat and pulled out a much larger envelope that conceivably would not have fit into any pockets, and slid it across the coffee table to Remus. "This contains all the pertinent information regarding our safe and humane method of containment. Certainly read it over yourself and pass it on to your parents for their perusual. If they any questions or suggestions or improvements, they may send us an owl. We want to make this as comfortable and safe as possible for you, young Mr. Lupin. I do hope you will join us at Hogwarts." Remus bit his lip. "I want to go, but..." His hands wrapped around one another and squeezed. His fingers were tingling. "I don't know." "I imagine you must have more reservations than I can guess." Dumbledore nodded sympathetically. "Please take some time to think it over, though we will need your return owl by the thirty-first. Bear in mind that if you choose not to make the most of this, there may not be another chance." And there was the rub. This was a one time only deal. The Speaker of the Caucus had an easily bruised ego that was quick to heal. If Dumbledore couldn't "scare up" a young werewolf of the appropriate age, then Speaker Rowland-Gates would shove this all down into the bin and haughtily pretend such a thing like "werewolves attending Hogwarts" had never come up in the first place. Some new mandate might go out to further restrict a young werewolf's education. Maybe they would be locked out of the primary schools next. But if Remus took this rare opportunity and went to Hogwarts... If he did it right , then he might just wedge open a door that had been closed to werewolves for the longest time. This wasn't just a chance to get a full education, but to prove to the entire wizarding world that werewolves weren't the mindless beasts that everyone was taught they were. "I - - I need some time to think." Remus said, his tongue tripping a little over the words. "Of course, young Mr Lupin. Sleep on it. Speak with your parents. I look forward to your answer and I do very much hope to see you at Hogwarts." Dumbledore said kindly. He drained the last of his tea and set the cup down gently on the saucer. "Thank you for the tea and the chat. Do enjoy the strudel." He stood up and offered the eleven-year old a small bow and a twinkling smile. Then he took his walking stick firmly under hand again and showed himself out, raising his wand against the mist of rain that rushed up to greet him. Then the door swung shut in his wake, leaving Remus on the couch with a cup of tea, two envelopes, and more reservations - - and hope - - about his future than he ever thought he could have. -0-