delicious. "As polite as ever Madalyn, I do hope your manners rub off on my son. If you girls would ever like to come over I'm quite sure Sirius is going to need help with his homework.", she added sweetly. Sirius meanwhile had turned a rather weird shade of pink. She dropped us off at our home. We piled out and watched as they continued on down the street. "Ah, time for summer to begin!" Zahara squealed in excitement. It'd been what seemed years since I'd seen my friends. We'd decided to meet up in Diagon Alley. "Hello stranger!", Remus whispered in my ear. I turned and gave him a hug. "I missed you too Fae. Come on the others are waiting for us at Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour.", he smiled. We took off to the parlour. It was lovely to be able to see all my friends even though we'd met up multiple times over the summer. I'd miss my parents but Hogwarts seemed to be pulling me back. After we'd finished our ice creams we went to get our supplies for second year. My parents had said that since we were all responsible they'd get each of us an owl. I choose a caramel colored owl and named her Carrie. By the time we caught up with the boys they were in a Quidditch shop buying brooms so they could try out for the team. I'd never seen them fly, because Lily would hyperventilate at the thought of flying during flying lessons. "Oi, Fae, what do you think about starting a cheer squad for us at the matches? You can even wear those cheer uniforms those American muggles wear.", Sirius asked. I laughed and walked away to go get ink and parchment. I found ink that changed colors and ink that could disappear. I began to think an idea formed in my head. I got multiple bottles, then got the rest of my supplies. At the end of the day my sisters, Sirius, and I piled back into the Black's car. "Sirius, did you finish your school work?" his mother asked. He turned to stare at the window. "Of course, Xyla and Zahara helped me.", he replied his voice oddly high. The glare she gave him sent shivers down my spine. She turned to me and my sisters, a smile back on her face. "I hope that in your 2nd year you'll be able to tutor Sirius. He needs as much help as he can get.", she spat the last part at Sirius who seemed oblivious to his mother's mini rant. When the car at last came to our house we spilled out desperate to get away from the tension between mother and son. A few weeks later we were back at the Hogwarts Express. "Hello there!", Lily cried. I ran to her. She'd changed so much since I'd seen her last. Her hair was longer and she was slightly taller. "Let's go find everyone else and get a compartment!", I squealed as I began to drag her through throng of people to find our friends. We found Remus easily. He'd obviously had a giant growth spurt, but that wasn't the most shocking. Behind him was James who'd also had a growth spurt. Not to mention they both already had facial coming in. I glanced at lily to see her reaction, but she'd fainted. Remus and James spotted us and came over immediately to help. "Oh, my goodness, Lily, are you ok?", a blonde girl with a petite frame, blue eyes, and a long nose came over too. Lily came around and blushed furiously when she saw how much attention was on her. "Oh, hi Petunia!", Lily continued to blush. "Mum and dad are looking for you. Stop blushing. Get up and look somewhat presentable!", Petunia snapped all sense of endearment gone from her voice. Lily parents emerged from the crowd and gave a semi-awkward introduction. Petunia left somewhat exasperated and bored. The train whistle blew and we hurried to say goodbyes. We searched along the compartments for the rest of our friends. "Hey, Lily I heard you fainted are you ok?", someone behind us asked. We turned and saw Severus Snape looking like a statue. "I'll catch up with you guys a little later!", Lily shouted as she ran off down the hall with Severus in hand. I stood flabbergasted at her. "What is so great about Snivellus that she can't spend time with her friends?", James snorted angrily. "Aww is wittle Jamesy jealous of the greasy haired boy?", Remus asked mockingly. I turned and pouted, "Remus that wasn't very nice. Let's go find everyone else." I turned on my heel as they walked silently behind me. "Where have you been?!", Zahara shouted. "I guess we found everyone else.", James muttered darkly behind me. I stepped inside the compartment and joined the others. We enjoyed the train ride to Hogwarts talking about what we did over the summer break. "They're absolutely gorgeous!", I squealed as we climbed into the carriages. The others only laughed as if this were an ordinary day. "What is so gorgeous about these carriages, Faerydae?", Sirius asked dumbfounded. I took a deep breath, "The horse-like things pulling the carriage." Everyone went silent. "You can see them, Fae?!", a voice asked. We all jumped. I turned and saw Severus staring at me as if I were a lost artifact. "Can't everyone?", I whispered quietly. Lily and Severus shook their heads as they walked away. I felt an arm around my shoulder, "Fae, we're at the castle.", James said. I glanced up, then stood. We entered the castle with everyone else. I sat between Lily and Sirius. Remus, James, and Peter sat across from us. "Are you ok?", they asked simultaneously. "I'm fine. I'm peachy-keen. Stop worrying about me.", I muttered. Lily looked like she wanted to say something, but then the first years came in. I for one was grateful for the interruption.