to loosen up, Potter," Zabini whispered, standing beside him. Harry snorted, crossing his arms. "That's easy for you to say. You're practically in your element," he said and Blaise chuckled, eyeing a handsome bloke near the bar. "Touché." Blaise winked. The scarce light highlighted his sharp features. It was only natural that people were drawn to Zabini. Charisma tended to have that effect. And Blaise had it in spades. Soon, they were joined by another group of wizards who wanted to draw them into a card game. But Harry's dismissal and broody attitude quickly shattered their hopes. And Blaise wasn't in the mood for fun either, despite pretending to enjoy himself. They were both tense. Waiting for that person to arrive. "Do you think he'll come?" Harry watched the entrance closely, always checking for familiar faces. He didn't know how the first generation of Death Eaters looked like, but he'd be able to recognize Tom Riddle everywhere. And it was disconcerting. Sometimes he wondered why the young image of a Dark Lord had left such a lasting impression on him. It stayed with him beyond the death of a twisted Voldemort at the height of his power. He didn't like to dwell on it. "He won't be able to stay away from this place. The diadem is too important." Zabini frowned in thought. "Maybe he's waiting for someone else to acquire it. And then he's going to kill him. He doesn't necessarily have to participate in the auction." "True," said Harry. "It's just...I have a feeling he'd like to get noticed, make some lasting connections before killing the owner." And then he felt it. The crushing, overwhelming force of Riddle's magic appeared out of nowhere, enticing those in attendance to its source. People turned around on instinct and Harry was left wondering how on earth Riddle managed to get so strong in such a short amount of time. He was almost on Voldemort's level, even without decades of experience. It was frustrating. It was... "Impressive," Blaise admitted, his voice shaking a bit. "I didn't know he was that...perfect." And there he was with his entourage of salivating followers, looking around imperviously. The hood of his robe was drawn up, but it didn't distract from the pale features that instantly attracted people to his side. Harry gritted his teeth, suddenly wanting to smash his arrogant face in. Riddle was already watching the crowd as if inspecting animals that weren't worth his time. Blaise however was drawing his wand, preparing himself for a fight, but Harry held his hand up. "Let's wait," he said, following Riddle's movement with his eyes. The young Dark Lord headed for the bar. He must've seen someone important. "We could take them on, Potter," the other boy replied. "Not with so many people as witnesses." Blaise grimaced in displeasure. "You already fought Grindelwald, for fucks sake. There were tons of witnesses, even if they didn't recognize us. Let's get rid of him." "I also had the element of surprise with Grindelwald. Riddle is a different story entirely. That means we wait." Blaise threw his hands up in defeat, but didn't comment. It was obvious the other would just throw an Avada at Riddle's back and be done with it. What Blaise didn't know was the fact that throwing himself into a duel with Riddle so soon and risking the Elder Wand's switch would accidentally make the future Dark Lord even more powerful. And that was something Harry didn't want to do. Not yet. Abraxas stood to the side, watching as his Lord rounded up his latest act of manipulation, skillfully ending the conversation with a German politician. It's been a while since the last gathering, which he thought was kind of strange. After leaving Hogwarts, the Dark Lord somehow managed to establish a life in reclusion, preferring to keep his followers out of his life. On the one hand it was understandable. Trust was a shaky thing, after all. But on the other hand Abraxas could readily admit that he felt...disappointed. And now this. The trip to Albania wasn't necessarily something he wanted to do in the first place. But here he was, playing the ever faithful guard. His Lord turned away from the bar, scanning the crowd for more influential people. It would take a while before they even managed to conclude their business and Nott was already impatiently tapping his foot against the barstool, probably detesting this place as much as he himself did. Nott would have to curb his emotions, if he didn't want to get tortured before the night was out. "My Lord, maybe we should ask for the-," Abraxas broke off as soon as he noticed his Lord's distraction. Something must've caught his eye. He followed the man's gaze, curious to see what made the Dark Lord's attention waver. And then he saw it. Two figures, both male, were engaged in a hushed conversation, looking as if they wanted to keep their distance from the rest of the crowd on purpose. Abraxas narrowed his eyes. They were both tall and dressed in standard, black robes that looked a bit strange to the careful eye. It wasn't too obvious, but he could guess that they weren't from these parts. Americans maybe? Yet he could see why they managed to command so much attention. Power always worked wonders and the bespectacled man to the left practically reeked of it, once you decided to pay attention to him. It was a hidden force, but not suppressed. And it made Abraxas wonder. The other one possessed a strong aura of sophistication and authority. Both of them were not the type of men you wanted to mess with. They were worth his Lord's time. A sideways glance confirmed it. Sharp eyes were taking in the details of the figure to the left and Abraxas knew this night was far from over. The lights dimmed and a frail woman walked on stage, announcing the start of the auction.