lips passionately. She would have thought her body would be tired from so much sex already, but it seemed that the potion prevented that. She wanted them both, desperately, just as much as she had when the potion first exploded. George slipped his hand between her legs, groaning when he felt how slick she was. "Tell me," he demanded, "Tell me what you want." "I want you," she begged, brown eyes wide as she pleaded with him. "Oh, George, please." "Be explicit," Fred said, taking a place on the bed next to them. He smirked at the innocent look in Hermione's eyes. "I love to hear those dirty words coming from your pretty little mouth." "George, gods, I just want your cock. I want it inside my pussy, Merlin ," she hissed as George's finger grazed her sensitive clit. "I want you to fuck me while I touch your brother's cock." "Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you?" George cooed, taking his cock and placing the tip at her entrance. He slowly pushed in, teasing her. She arched her hips, taking him in fully, a moan falling from her lips. George began to thrust into her, closing his eyes as she enjoyed the sensations she was creating in his body. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," she cursed as her body jerked with the force of each thrust. It felt so good, George hitting that sweet spot inside of her every time. Already, she felt her body tightening in anticipation of another orgasm. "Wait, George, let me get on my hands and knees so I can touch Fred." George pulled out of her, waiting as she positioned herself in front of him. He emitted a low growl at the sight of her bottom. "I just want to sink my teeth into your plump arse," he groaned. "Maybe later," Hermione teased. She smiled as George re-entered her and began to thrust once more. Balancing herself properly, she reached out and grasped Fred's hardened cock. She began to move her hand up and down his shaft, watching as blissful expression appeared on his face. He felt smooth and soft to her touch. "Gods, Hermione," Fred said, exhaling loudly. "You're barely touching me and already I can feel my bollocks tightening." She flushed at his words. "Fred, gods, I want you to come." She gasped as George snaked his hand between her legs and began to rub her clit. She began to stroke Fred's cock a little faster. His breathing grew laboured and she knew that he wouldn't be able to hold back. His cock throbbed in her hand. Fred let out a strangled groan as he came all over Hermione's hand. When he finished, he lowered his body so he could kiss her properly. Hermione kissed Fred passionately, groaning as she felt her insides tighten as her release approached. She cried out, Fred swallowing her moans as they kissed. Her inner walls clenched around George's cock as she came, the rest of her body tingling in pleasure. The feel of Hermione's orgasm was enough to spur on George's own. He came hard, his cock throbbing deeply inside her as he tried to catch his breath. Her name fell from his lips as he passionately cried out. Utterly exhausted, Hermione slumped forward. "Merlin, I'm knackered," she groaned. "Gods, I don't think I could go another round." "I think a nap is in order," Fred said. Having grabbed his wand, he cast a spell to freshen them all up and clean the bed of any messes. "What do you both say?" "Sounds good to me," Hermione murmured, her eyes already feeling heavy. "Don't leave my side, you two." "Wouldn't dream of it," George responded with a soft smile, pulling the covers up over her. He snuggled beneath as Fred did the same. "Night, Gred." "Night, Forge." Hermione smiled. "Goodnight, Fred, George." Within moments, she felt the peaceful grasp of sleep. The next morning, Hermione let out a yawn as she stretched. Turning over, she sleepily smiled at Fred. "Good morning," she murmured, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his lips. A pair of hands snaked around her naked waist, pulling her back against his body. "Good morning," George whispered, pressing a kiss to her bare shoulder. "How do you feel?" "Amazing," Hermione replied, her body deliciously sore. "I don't feel the effects of the potion anymore." She paused before smiling. "But I still want you both." "I feel the same way," Fred said, reaching up and cupping her cheek tenderly. "Do you think we could give this a go?" "The three of us?" Hermione asked. "I… yes, but… Isn't that a bit unorthodox." "It used to be common for wizarding triads to be established," George explained. "Not so common now, but I think everyone would get over it." "Would your mother accept us? If we were a thing?" Hermione asked nervously. "Of course," Fred said. "She'd be so happy that we got ourselves a witch." "So long as we're happy and she gets grandchildren someday, she'll be happy," George added, chuckling. "Yes, well, let's not talking about grandchildren yet. Far too soon for that," Hermione said with a laugh. "But I think we should get up and going." "Mmmm, not yet," George grumbled, tightening his embrace. He nuzzled her neck. "I think we should spend the day together just to make sure that there aren't any lasting effects from the potion." "I agree," Fred said, a smirk on his eyes. "I'd better owl Verity and tell her we're going to remain closed today." "What? No," Hermione said, trying to sit up. "What? You two just plan on staying in bed all day?" "Oh, we plan on making love to our witch all day long," Fred corrected her. He scooted closer to them, lowering his head to capture her nipple in his mouth. George slipped his hand between her legs, teasing her clit and suddenly, Hermione found that she had no objections to spending the day in bed.