could be as well. I knelt down, as if in a stupor. I saw his face. This time, the eyes didn't seem like thunderclouds anymore. Now they seemed like a worn wool blanket. They darted down to his legs. I saw one of them mangled, the blood running in rivulets down to meet his fathers face. The pure blood staining the ground. I saw my tears mixing with his. I wasn't sure where those had come from. Then the lips moved. "I won't be able to run away." And he went limp. My senses returned. Grabbing his wand, I jumped to my feet. I reached down, and swung him up over my shoulders. It seemed the wards had died with the the caster, so I was able to Apparate strait away. Apparently, I had taken us right into St. Mungo's waiting room. I guess it must have been a sight, the Chosen One carrying his bloodied enemy. All eyes were on us, but no one moved. "Well? What are you waiting for? Help me, for damned sake! He's dying!" After that, it all was a blur. I remember someone taking the weight from me and helping me into a chair. Someone forcing potions down my throat. Then all the faces, talking at me, shouting at me, shaking me. Asking "Harry, are you alright?" "Blimey mate, what happened?" Couldn't they see I wanted to be left alone? I guess at some point, I passed out and had to be taken home, because the next thing I could remember, it was morning and light was streaming into my face. I sat up to yawn, and yesterday's events came flooding back. And with them, a nagging concern. "Malfoy!" I quickly scrambled out of bed and rushed to get my wand, which someone must have found and placed in my beside table. I Apparated to St. Mungo's. "Malfoy?" I asked the witch at the front desk. "Who?" She asked in a sickly sweet voice. "Malfoy.. D-Draco.. Draco Malfoy." She looked at me strangely, but consulted her list. "Ah, yes. Spell damage. Fourth floor, ward 13. Lets see.. yes, he should be alright, but he's not cleared for visitors yet." "I'll go up anyways," I said firmly. So I did. I got to the room, marked 'Draco Lucius Malfoy, deflected killing curse damage on left foreleg'. There was a chair across the corridor, so I sat down. I must have lost track of time, because next thing I knew, the door was opening. Lit from the back, a figure stepped out. I leapt to my feet. And I can truthfully say, he might have been clothed in naught but his torn, black jeans, limping, with blood still covering his body and tears staining his face, but in that moment, Draco Malfoy looked like an angel. And I told him this, right before I kissed my arch nemesis. ~~epilogue~~ Three years had passed since the incident. Soon after it had happened, the Golden Child's life fell apart. His friends lost interest in him. His girlfriend dumped him. In his last year of school, he was scorned, ignored at best. Rita Skeeter broke her vow just to write one last story, entitled "Traitorous Love." After that, no longer was he the subject of newspaper headlines and magazine stories. But Harry could honestly say he was the happiest he had ever been. And the source of that happiness was laying on the bed next to him on this fair morning. Harry looked over at his boyfriend. "Draco, wake up," he said gently. "Mmmm..I'm still asleep.." he mumbled. "Good dreams..." he sleepily opened one eye. "At least part of my dreams still here." Draco smiled at Harry. "C'mon then, Dreamer. Let's get breakfast. But why don't you change first," Harry said with a grin. Draco, looking around, saw that someone had laid out an outfit for him. Black pants and a dress shirt matched what harry was wearing already (who knew when he changed), except for the color; Harry's shirt was grey, his green. This ought to be good, he thought to himself. He would never make such an effort otherwise. And so the mid-morning saw them out for the first time in a while, sitting together on the bridge overlooking the canal. "Venice is beautiful, no?" Draco asked. "And don't even try that line on me," he added. Harry smiled, Draco seemed to know everything that was on his mind these days. He had even anticipated the breakfast out on the city they had had earlier. But hopefully he hadn't seen this coming. He stood up, holding out a hand to help Draco up too. Then he dropped onto one knee. The expression on his soon-to-be-betrothed's face was worth it all. So he started. "Draco Lucius Malfoy, I only have two things to say." He paused, then smiled. "That day on the train was a mistake. I should have realized it then, but I guess it takes some drastic measures to realize you have met the love of your life at 11. So, to make up for that lost time, I will ask you this now." He took a deep breath, then drew from his pocket a certain purple and red family ring. "Will you marry me?" The moment hung I the air for a second, but of course the blonde's decision was already made. "Like you have to ask, you prat. Of course!" Harry slid the ring onto Draco's finger, and in that moment, they knew this was it. The kiss between them represented a new time for both of them. Where Harry Potter was only 'the Chosen One' to Draco. And where Draco Malfoy's pure blood matched his heart, as the two of them sat back down on the bridge, and stared out over the water at their future. Darkness can not drive out darkness; Only light can do that, Hate can not drive out hate; Only love can do that. -Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.