over, we'll go home and order some Thai while a Disney movie is playing in the background." She smiled at him. "I'd like that." While they hadn't been together for a very long time, Hermione felt herself grow more and more comfortable with Draco. She suspected that she was close to loving him, but she didn't dare say the words. Draco leant down, quickly kissing her. "I'll see you when this is all over. Take care of yourself." He gave her one last look before moving to Harry. Hermione went to find Tonks. "Wotcher, Hermione," Tonks greeted her. "Ready to go?" Hermione nodded. "Where's Teddy?" She gripped her wand tightly, mentally cursing her clammy palms. "With my Mum," Tonks replied. "He'll be safe there." "Ready everyone?" Harry said loudly, gathering their attention. "Apparate to your designated areas and wait for the signal." "Side-Along?" Tonks asked Hermione, offering her hand. "Yes," she said, taking hold of the purple-haired witch's hand. Closing her eyes, she felt herself Disapparate. Draco looked around the rubble of the manor, frantically looking for Hermione. Potter had done it… He had defeated Voldemort, but Draco didn't care to celebrate. He couldn't until he found Hermione. "Tonks!" he shouted, seeing his cousin. He ran towards her. "Tonks!" "Draco," she greeted him. "You all right?" "Fine," Draco replied quickly. "Where is she? Where's Hermione?" "St. Mungo's," Tonks said. "Wait, Draco!" she shouted, but Draco had already Disapparated. His mind was spinning as he landed in St. Mungo's. He marched to the desk and slammed his fists down, gaining the witch's attention. "Where is Hermione Granger?" "I'm sorry, sir, but you need to lower your voice." The witch glared at him. "And secondly—" "Where is Hermione Granger?" Draco asked once more, his voice low and deadly. "I need to see her." "Draco?" He spun around, eyes wide as he saw Lavender, Weasley's wife. "Do you know where she is?" "Spell Damage, but Draco, you need to relax," Lavender said, huffing as Draco turned and ran off. "Why is no one listening to me today?" Please don't let Hermione be dead, please don't let her be dead, please don't let her be dead . The thoughts continuously played in his mind. "Hermione!" he shouted as he walked along the hall. "Can someone point me to Hermione Granger?" "Draco?" he heard her voice. Turning, he saw her poking her head out of a doorway. He ran towards her, taking her into him arms and crashing his lips against hers. He kissed her passionately, uncaring of the fact that they had an audience. "I love you," he said, his voice hoarse. "Sweet Merlin, I love you, Hermione." He pulled away and saw that she had tears in her eyes. "Gods, Hermione, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you." "No, its fine," she said, waving her hand. "I'm fine." Draco pulled away and looked her over. "You… You're fine." "Of course." Hermione looked at him confused. "Why wouldn't I be?" "Tonks just said you were at St. Mungo's and I panicked. I thought something had happened to you." "And I told you she was fine!" Lavender said from behind them. "You just didn't care to listen." "Sorry, Lavender," Draco said, looking sheepish. "I… I'm just so relieved you're all right." Hermione smiled. "Me too… about you, that is. I was worried, but I'm glad it's over." "What are you doing here?" Draco inquired, confused as to why she was St. Mungo's if she wasn't injured. "Oh, here, I'll show you." Hermione took his hand and lead him into the small room they were outside of. Inside, there was a small boy, perhaps about three, lying on the bed. He was covered in bandages. "I found him in the dungeons," Hermione explained, tears in her eyes. "Oh, gods, Draco, it was absolutely sickening." She held her stomach, looking queasy. "They tortured this poor child." She sniffed, shaking her head. "I don't know how someone can do something like that." Draco wrapped his arms around her. "Voldemort was sick, Hermione, and many of his followers were the same." "I… I had to get him here. The Healers think that he'll live, but he'll be an orphan. Both of his parents were killed by Bellatrix." "Molly killed Bellatrix," Draco said. "During the battle, Molly killed her." "Good," Hermione spat viciously. "The vile witch deserves it for what she's done." She glanced at the boy sleeping and her expression softened. "I…" "Hermione?" Draco asked. "I love you, Draco. I think my heart's really ready to make room for two new people." "Two?" Draco inquired. "I love you as well, Hermione, but what do you mean by two?" She smiled at him. "I spoke with the Healer, and I'm going to adopt the boy. He doesn't have any more family, as both of his parents were only children. No one else is listed in St. Mungo's database, so I'm going to check at the Ministry, but I'm quite sure he'll be coming home with me." She watched the boy. "His name is Stephen, and I'm going to give him a good home." Draco looked at Hermione and was immensely proud of her. "You're such a strong and beautiful witch, Hermione." "Don't forget passionate," she teased, giving him a smile. Taking his hand, she motioned for him to sit in the chair next to her own. "I could never," Draco replied. "Biggest heart out of everyone I know." He leant forward and gently kissed her. "I'm a lucky wizard." "I think I'm the lucky one," Hermione whispered. "It isn't often that lightning strikes twice." "Three times," Draco corrected her, gesturing to the sleeping child. Draco looked back and forth between Hermione and the boy. It had taken some scheming, patience, and love for him to get to where he was today, but he couldn't been happier. He smiled at Hermione. "I think this is the start of something beautiful," he said softly. Hermione smiled. "I agree." She kissed him.