summoning was the same, no matter how broken the demons' home was. Hastily, Harry rummaged in his desk drawers and removed a small steel knife, which he'd stolen from the kitchen a couple days ago in preparation. He kneeled down next to the circle again, brandishing the chalk and making a few important adjustments, instructed by a constantly fretting Synesis. Finally, it was done. He straightened up, taking a deep breath and gathering himself. Now. Harry stepped in front of the circle. He was barefoot, and the tips of his toes touched the outermost edge of the runes. He held one of his hands above the center of the circle, and slashed across his palm with the knife. A drop of blood fell onto the central and most important rune of the circle, which was the name 'Kardin' in the two-dimensional form of the demon language. The circle glowed blindingly bright, and everything hurt. Harry scrunched his eyes closed, feeling his blood burn in his veins. He doubled over, gasping, and Synesis started screeching unhelpfully and fluttering its pages. " It's in the circle! Kardin is in the circle! Quick!" Harry pried his eyes open through the pain, squinting at a shapeless mass of what looked like black liquid whirling above the circle, resembling a storm cloud. Though most demons didn't have true forms, they were forced to assume one inside a summoning circle, weakening them. Then a second later, Harry sensed it, the tremulous thread of magic that connected him to the center of the circle. Harry tugged, and Kardin was drawn through the invisible thread like water through a tube, out of the circle and into Harry's body. The runes stopped glowing, and Harry fell to the ground, clutching his head. This was the most dangerous part of the summoning ritual. If he didn't beat Kardin in this battle, Kardin would take over his body, and that meant—well, it meant an explosion, going by what had happened to the poor man in 32 BC. Who are you? said a voice in Harry's head, hoarse and pained, but Harry would not pity it, and he would not be distracted. He drove all his mental energy towards the source of the voice like a drill, feeling the demon's presence thrashing around in his body, his mind, under his skin—there was no way to describe it, but he and the demon were truly entwined around each other in that moment, sharing the same body and the same soul. PLEASE—LET ME SPEAK— Harry felt rather than saw another glowing thread, a thread of sentience, the thread that made demons able to think and act for themselves while they were in a human's body. Harry snapped the thread, and Kardin went limp. It didn't say anything else. Harry flopped to the floor and lay on his back, panting. The room was silent except for the fluttering of Synesis's pages. "Was that it?" Harry whispered. "That was—that wasn't too bad. It hurt, but it was almost—almost easy, really." Harry started laughing. He could feel the Sisyphean demon's power pulsing through him, spreading its alien strength throughout his body. " My modified summoning circle made it easy. It already weakened Kardin, dulled its sentience, and bound it to you. Kardin had no chance. Did you ask it about our realm before you turned off its mind?" Harry rubbed his forehead and groaned. "Shit. No, I panicked. I think Kardin wanted to tell me something, but I thought it was trying to trick me, so I just ignored it." Unsettled, Synesis said nothing for a minute. "It might've been trying to trick you. The only way to find out what's happening on the other side is to summon a demon and conquer it without turning off its cognition. I'll come up with a circle that'll allow that for next time. Particular races of demons are more susceptible to it. Maybe an Astral would be best. We shouldn't try again for a while, in any case. Your body needs to get accustomed to having a Rank Three demon inside of it, and adding another so soon would strain it too much." Harry got to his feet gingerly. He moved like he usually did; the ground didn't crack underneath his feet or anything. Everything felt normal. Except that it didn't. Harry seized the piece of hard chalk he'd used to make the circle, gently rubbing it between his fingers. Nothing happened. Irritated, he clenched his fist over it and squeezed. When he opened his fist, there was nothing in his palm but white dust. Harry's breath came out fast and uneven. Metal, I need metal— The knife. Harry had dropped it on the ground during his struggle with Kardin. He picked it up, his breath still coming fast, and carefully held the blade of the knife between two fingers. He pulled. It bent like paper. Harry grinned, ignoring Synesis's excited chattering, and grabbed a Knut from his desk. He threw it across the room. The coin seemed to spin in slow motion, and Harry's demon-sharpened eyes followed each rotation with ease. He knew exactly where it would land. A split second later, the tiny coin was clutched safely in his fist. He'd crossed the room and caught the coin out of the air. Harry started laughing. He was good at Dueling already, but this— this would make him incredible, and he hadn't even summoned all the demons on his list yet. He wondered what the Skulls would think when they saw him duel. Right now, they saw him as the little dirty-blood boy Draco had humiliated on Walpurgis Night, if they remembered him at all. But one day soon, they wouldn't see him as half-blood or blood-traitor. He could almost imagine it. In a few years' time, he'd be the new Skull King. He swore it. And when the Skulls were his, they'd be his to destroy. Harry clenched his fist one more time, and the coin disintegrated.