knowing that he needed to say it out loud. He needed to tell Snape, before he lost his chance once more. He wasn't going to risk it. "I wrote you because I wanted to see you. I wanted to talk to you…" He paused, reminding himself that he was a Gryffindor and that he could do it. "I wanted to figure out my feelings for you." Snape's eyes widened slightly, only a fraction, but Harry noticed it. "Your feelings?" "I cared for you, then, Snape, and it was weird… I was so confused. The war had ended, and my life was once more thrown into chaos. I could only think about you, though. I needed to talk to you. I needed to figure out what to do." Harry shook his head. "But you never responded, and eventually, I gave up. I allowed myself to get swept up in what everyone was telling me to do… I became an Auror, I married Ginny, and I hunted down the remaining Death Eaters." He reached up, running his hand through his messy, black-grey hair. "I don't regret any of those things, but I do regret giving up. I should have continued to try and contact you." "I wouldn't have responded." "But why ?" Harry pressed. "You were not the only one left reeling from the war. I was confused, my debt finally paid off. I no longer had a master to serve. I was my own man, finally, after years of being a puppet to someone else. I wanted to speak with you, as you were slowly consuming my thoughts, but when I finally considered it, your marriage to Ginevra was announced in the Prophet . I saw no point from then on out to contact you." "I'm sorry," Harry whispered, stepping towards Snape. He crossed around the table, stopping right next to him. "I… I don't know what to say." "Will you show me?" Snape requested, looking slightly vulnerable. "I have to see." Harry understood the need. He, too, needed to know how Snape felt. Did Snape still think of him? Was there the slightest chance that it wasn't too late for them? Lowering his shields, Harry felt Snape enter his mind. He brought forth various memories involving Snape: his adoration of the Half-Blood Prince, shock at discovering that it was Snape, unexpected grief at Snape's supposed death, confusion and regret when he found out that Snape was on their side, remember that his last thoughts as Voldemort's killing curse hit him were of Severus, his determination and desperation to save Snape as he shoved a Bezoar down his throat and sent his Patronus for help, him speaking so passionately at Snape's trial to have him cleared of all charges, lust-filled nights of him wanking to memories of Snape lecturing, his adoration of Snape's determination to not let the world change who he was, and so many more. Snape abruptly pulled from Harry's mind, pressing his lips against Harry's. Harry moaned slightly, wrapping his arms around Snape's shoulders and pulling him lower slightly so that he could return the kiss fully. After a moment, the two broke apart, each flushed. "I don't know how fate brought us back together, but I won't be letting you slip from my life so easily now, Severus Snape." Harry smiled at him in determination. Snape burst out laughing. "It wasn't fate that brought us back together, Harry, it was your determined children." Harry look dumbfounded. "My children? You mean to say they set us up?" Snape smirked in amusement. "Oh yes, Lily corned me in Diagon Alley and gave me a full lecturing. I couldn't say no." "I am so sorry," Harry said, eyes wide. He knew how Lily's temper could flare. "I hope she didn't say anything too rude." Snape waved his hand. "Nothing I hadn't heard before. So, will you go to dinner with me tonight?" "Yes," Harry said, smiling. Leaning forward, he boldly kissed Snape once more. "Remind me to thank my children later." "The two of you could thank me as well, you know," Draco said cheekily, standing in the doorway, holding a tray of tea. "Yes, thank you, Draco," Snape said with a roll of his eyes. "It took you long enough to bring us some tea. Some host you are." Draco sputtered as Charlie appeared at his side. "There, there, love." He took the tray from Draco's hands. "I still love you." Harry laughed before glancing at Snape, who was tentatively smiling at him in return. He gestured for Snape to take a seat before he took one himself. He still couldn't believe he was sitting there at Charlie and Draco's having tea with Snape. It was unlike anything he could have imagined. "Uncle Charlie just Flooed," James announced, stepping into their living room at Number Twelve. "He said that the mission was a success!" "Great!" Lily exclaimed. "I'm so happy for Dad." "He definitely deserves it." James nodded in agreement. "Turns out, Christmas might not be so bad after all." "Mmm, Dad isn't the only one who got a boyfriend for Christmas," Albus joked, laughing as he looked at Lily, who flushed, looking away. "And," James announced, catching both of his siblings' attention once more, "Mum has written us to say that she will actually be home for Christmas day, and that she looked forward to seeing us at the Burrow. She'll likely be exhausted from traveling by Portkey so far in one day, but she said in her letter that she couldn't not see us." Albus grinned. "Really? Mum will be home? Yes!" He lay back on the sofa, a wide grin on his face. "What do you think, Lils?" Lily glanced out the window, watching the snow fall. Her hands tightly gripped the letter from Lorcan, excitement bubbling through her. She smiled, thinking that James was right. Christmas wasn't going to be bad this year at all. In fact, she suspected that it would be nearly perfect.