my fault," he tried to convince the man. Lucius shook his head once more. "No, Harry. I don't think so. You never look conscience-stricken to me. Today you even showed fear." "But it was me. I'm sorry, really. I shouldn't have...," Harry trailed off, still not remembering what his misdeed should have been. "You shouldn't have... what? Do you even know what you are accused of?" Lucius said angrily still not understanding Harry's behaviour. "I shouldn't have played that prank. It wasn't a good idea," Harry tried once more. Massaging his forehead Lucius tried to calm himself down. Why was the boy so stubborn? Dead silence followed the next minutes until Lucius said in a low voice, "You are right. It wouldn't have been a good idea if someone would have played that prank." At that, Harry frowned. "Yes, you heard right," Lucius confirmed, "There is an 'if' because nobody took all the stirrers. I made that up to prove a theory." At this, Harry's eyes grew wide. Horror-stricken he whispered, "What theory?" "That you are trying to make me believe that you misbehaved. That you are taking the blame of crimes you never did. I don't understand though, why you are doing it? Did you hope I would let you return to your relatives?" "No," Harry whispered and looked so pale that Lucius feared the boy would faint. "No. I don't want to go back to the Dursleys." "Then why did you do this?" Lucius asked desperate to understand the boy's reasons. But Harry hung his head and stayed silent again. Never before had Lucius felt so clueless. Pinching the bridge of his nose, he wondered how he could make Harry speak up. "You... you are not going to spank Draco, are you?" Harry's soft voice suddenly cut through the silence. Taken aback Lucius looked up again. Then he snorted. "Oh, I will. He will be lucky if he can sit at all tomorrow." "No, Mr. Malfoy, please don't," Harry begged suddenly, taking Lucius by surprise. Was that the reason why Harry took the blame? Lucius wondered. "Harry, are you protecting my son? He did nothing to earn your protection. He disappointed and hurt me a lot and it was cruel of him to let me punish you instead of him." Harry shook his head. "But he is your son. I'm just a freak. I'm the one who disturbs this family. I don't belong here. I don't deserve a family, I'm just trouble." "Who told you such nonsense?" Lucius asked shocked "Of course you deserve a family. You are definitely not a freak. You are a child. A normal magical child. Obviously someone made a grave mistake by placing you with these horrible muggles. Did they tell you all this nonsense?" Blinking back tears, Harry wanted to defend his relatives but his voice didn't work anymore. Lucius looked sad while he watched the child struggling against the tears. Then suddenly realisation hit him and he felt incredibility guilty. What had he done? He had spanked the boy needlessly. "I can't describe how sorry I am that I treated you so horribly. If only I had known sooner that Draco stage-managed all this. I punished you so hard because I thought you were rebelling against me." Finally the tears started to fall on Harry's face. Lucius stood, walked around the desk and then pulled the distraught boy into a hug. He felt Harry stiffen and Lucius cringed and let go of the boy again. What had he done? Instead he took Harry's hands into his. "Will you ever trust me after what I did to you?" He wondered aloud, "Will you ever forgive me?" Harry didn't answer. He wasn't sure if he had the right to blame Mr. Malfoy for his actions. The man just did, what he thought was right. Mr. Malfoy had no way to know that it was Draco all the time. On the other hand Harry couldn't say if he would trust this stern man ever. He never learned to trust anybody and least of all adults. After some time Lucius said, "Harry? I really hate the idea to push you away. Especially after all these misunderstandings but I would like to have a day or two with my son to correct his ill behaviour and I don't wish you near Draco until I'm through with him. Would it be okay for you to stay with a good friend of mine?" Harry wiped away his tears and looked up in puzzlement. "You don't have to if you don't want to but I cannot predict how my son will react to this correction in behaviour and I would hate to see you come to any more harm," Lucius explained. Harry nodded and tried to smile. "To… to what friend?" "Severus Snape." At that, Harry paled again. Didn't Mr. Malfoy know how much the potion master hated Harry? Or was that a kind of punishment for all his lying? Lucius saw Harry losing all his colour and remembered suddenly Harry's and Severus' relationship in school and what Harry must be thinking. "Harry. I swear, he will treat you well. He knows already what has happened." "He hates me," Harry whispered with fresh tears in his eyes. At that Lucius hugged Harry again. "No, he doesn't, I swear. And I will come over and put you to bed if you wish, okay?" Lucius held the boy until the tremors ceased a bit. "Okay," Harry whispered finally giving in to his fate. If Lucius wanted him to go, who was he to deny him his wish? It's not that he belonged here anyway. Lucius cringed at the defeated tone of voice of the boy, "I'm so sorry for what I put you through. I really hope after all this we all can become family. I already love you, Harry, I really do." Harry didn't know what to answer nor what to believe. Nobody ever loved him since his parents died.