need help. Do you want to bond with me and become a Potter elf?" Dobby's eyes watered—it was a dream come true. It was true that he had wanted to become a free elf, but that was the half-truth- he wanted to be free of the Malfoys and then serve Harry Potter—the greatest wizard in the world. Now however, it seemed that Magic had deemed to fulfill his wish. "Of course Harry Potter sir! Dobby wants to be your elf!" Dobby was about to jump and hug the legs of his soon-to-be-master when Harry spoke out—his voice lined with urgency. "I take Dobby in as my House-elf!" he intoned, extending his hand towards the elf who beamed with delight and held his palm tightly. "Dobby agrees." The magic reacted, the oath took place and a sheen settles all around Dobby, marking him as a Potter elf. "Can you feel the location of any of the Potter properties, Dobby?" Dobby bobbed his head extravagantly. "Yes, Dobby does. Master." Pointing towards the fallen body of his Godfather, he spoke. "This is my godfather—Sirius Black. I want you to take him to one of my family houses and bring him back to health. This is a direct order, and unless I say otherwise, Sirius Black does not leave the property, no matter what happens. Is that clear?" Dobby looked at his new master with eager, adoring eyes. "Yes, master." With a leap, he held on to the fallen body of Sirius Black as the duo disappeared with a pop. First step. Success. Harry Potter looked at himself. It surprised him how very scrawny he was- then again, it was only after Voldemort was dead that Harry had come in face to face with his true magic- magic that was secluded away from him because of the horcrux- magic that had been forced away from him because one wily old man had feared that he would become dark and twisted. Then again, he was kind of, twisted in his own queer way—after all, Tom Riddle had been right all long. There are strange likenesses between us, after all. Even you must have noticed. Both halfbloods, orphans, raised by Muggles. Probably the only two Parselmouths to come to Hogwarts since the great Slytherin himself. We even look something alike... Harry laughed mirthlessly. It was ironic how the words of the sixteen-year-old wannabe-dark-lord's words were true, much truer than even the dark lord would have thought possible. This time, you aren't getting to kill everyone Voldemort. Because this time, I am coming for you. He looked down. The unconscious body of Hermione Granger lay in front of him. Harry pondered over the situation. How easy it would be to... He shook his head. No, that would complicate things. Not at the given moment though. Later perhaps? The sound of a loud clear howl of the werewolf was audible. Moony was close, and as happy as he was on wanting to meet him- meeting Moony in all his glory was not something he was looking forward to. Only one way. His features shifted, feathers grew all over his body and in less than three seconds, a golden eagle perched on the ground-the very same ground on which Harry Potter was standing a moment ago. The green eyes- still present in this form, looked oddly at the fallen body of the girl beside him- and felt an odd emotion. Confusion. Flapping its large wings, it captured the lithe body of the fallen Hermione Granger and soared up into the clear moonlit sky- its wings flapping as it glided across the Quidditch pitch, right beside the Astronomy tower- there on one end, he could see Snape struggling to get up, binding up Ron Weasley and levitating him—walking towards the grounds. He could see Minerva Mcgonagall darting out- her movement defying her age- then again, she was a frisky little tabby cat after all. The eagle dropped the fallen body of Hermione Granger slowly in the center of the Quidditch pitch, making sure she was unhurt-and soared above into the heavens. He had to get himself into the Room of Requirement immediately-what with his senses warning him that his magic was about to send out a powerful backlash. Just five more seconds- his core stirred violently- four seconds- he was nearly on the seventh floor, thank Merlin the window was open- three seconds- reached, now the three turns- two seconds-"Come now! Open!" he wanted to shout, but what came out was an angry screech- one- the door opened and he flew in, closing the door hard and fast as he transformed in a flash. His core shook violently, giving him a feeling of Deja-vu. Fuck it, do your worst. #### AUTHORS' NOTE: Yeah I got another epiphany, which coupled with the lack of muse over my existing stories for the moment as well as my inability to get them beta'd... this new fanciful idea came into my mind and as always, I started writing it down. Hopefully this will garner as much 'following' as my other stories have done so far. And as always, your reviews work wonders for my muse. Now, this story is going to be centered around fourth year. Now I assume you have many questions about the mention of the three different fights and all. All I can say is, they have their reason. Now this will be a monogamous story, though I haven't really decided the pairing as of yet at the moment. Your suggestions regarding the pairing are most welcome. It goes without saying that this is a time-travel story, and I really wanted to do one of those. Hence... please don't cringe in frustration when you find Harry demonstrating his magical prowess. There are many other factors that need to be taken into account, but hang on to the story till the reasons are revealed. Also, thanks to Lady Edgecombe for her wonderful dedication in editing and beta-ing the chapter. Thanks, Arcturus Peverell.