but the slime did not. "It seems that I can stop the slugs with simple vanishment but you will have to take a potion for the continuous vomiting of slime." Madam Pomfrey concluded. She directed her wand at Padma's stomach before muttering a spell. A faint blue light glowed from her wand before she gently touched the girl's stomach. "Now you just need to relax, Ms. Patil. I will get a potion to stop the vomit but it will take an hour for it to become fully effective. "Thank you." The Ravenclaw twin said silently before turning to the side of the bed to throw up again. Thanks to the Healer's quick reflexes, the slime landed in a basin instead of the floor. As she went of to check her potion stores, Harry walked over to the bed. "I'm really sorry for this, Padma." The boy said. "I don't...blame you, Harry." The girl replied, trying to catch her breath. "Still, I feel I should make this up to you in some way." He said before a thought slowly formed in his head. Upon hearing his words, Padma was also having the same thoughts. "Would you like to go to the ball with me?" The asked each other simultaneously. Immediately, they both blushed at their bold statements before realizing what the other had said and then bursting into laughter. "Yes." They both said before laughing again. "And here I thought that twins were the only ones that could speak in stereo." Chuckled Parvati. Before the two could reply, Madam Pomfrey returned, potion in hand. Padma drank the potion, gagging a little at the taste. "The potion should work its way quickly into your system so you don't have to worry about throwing it up. Still you will have periodic bouts of vomit for an hour before it completely stops. As for your robes, the house elves should be able to remove the slime when you take them to laundry." The healer said before making her way back to her office. "Oh. Before I forget, take 20 points, Mr. Potter, for aiding a fellow student." Madam Pomfrey added. "Feeling any better?" Harry asked. "Yeah. Starting to." Padma replied. Before she could react, Harry pulled her into a warm embrace. "I know this might not have been the best way you wanted to ask me to the ball but I promise to try to make it the best night you will ever have." He said. "I wouldn't expect anything less from the great Harry Potter." She teased back, earning her a groan in response. She laughed before adding. "Just be yourself, Harry. That is all I want." When they separated, they were both smiling at each other before Harry's fell. "Oh no." He moaned. "What is it, Harry?" Padma asked. "I...I can't dance." He mumbled. It took a moment for the two sisters to realize what he had said before they burst out laughing. "Oh how the mighty have fallen." Parvati teased. "The boy that can outfly a dragon can't dance. "Yeah, yeah. Laugh it up." He said, half heartedly glaring at them. "I can teach you to dance, if you would like." The Gryffindor twin suggested when they finally calmed down. "That sounds great!" Harry said, relief evident in his voice. "I owe you one, Parvati." That piqued her interest. Maybe she could take Harry to the ball after all. Teach him a few dance moves and he might... Then she looked over at her sister. Padma looked crestfallen when Harry had accepted her offer and told her that he would owe her a favor. That reminded her of the conversation they had been having before this whole mess began. Sighing, Parvati said, "Just promise me you will treat my sister like the lady she is and we'll call it even." "I promise." Harry said. Nodding her head, Parvati turned to head out of the Hospital wing and leave the two be before she felt someone grab her gently by the wrist. "Wait." Padma said. The Ravenclaw twin leaned towards Harry's ear and began to whisper. "You sure?" He asked once she was finished. Padma nodded her head before turning back to her sister. "Harry has agreed to take you to the ball..." "That's wonderful! Thank..." Parvati interrupted, a smile blossoming on her face. "Under the condition..." Padma continued, "That I will get the first dance." Parvati sighed. Being the first to dance with Harry would mean she would be considered the primary date. "Will we each get an equal number of dances with Harry?" The Gryffindor asked. "Naturally." The Ravenclaw replied. "You'll be seated to his right while I will be to his left?" "Of course." "And you'll be wanting to look through my wardrobe so we will both be matching?" "Now you are catching on." The corner of Parvati's mouth twitched up in a grin. "I guess I can accept these terms." She sighed in an overly dramatic way, much to the amusement of Harry and Padma. "So its a date." Harry said, wrapping an arm around each of the twins' shoulders. "Agree." Parvati said. "Agr..." Padma began to say before she threw up again...onto the front of her sister's robes. "Padma! These were my favorite robes." The Gryffindor said, trying and failing to wipe the slime off her front. "At least we will all match when we finally go down to dinner." Padma said. There was a moment of silence before the three teenager burst into laughter. Outside the Hospital Wing, Luna Lovegood closed the main door before turning to the 4th wall and giving it a wink before skipping down the hall. Author's Note: First I would like to apologize to my readers. I was not able to fulfill my one shot per week this month and you have my humble apologies. Also, as hinted throughout this story, I have several ideas for other short Harry Potter stories that I will publish when I have some free time.