recall the name of. She thought she was Head of Gryffindor House. The students had been lined up in alphabetical order for the Sorting, and Calista was quite small for her age, so even standing on tiptoe she couldn't really make out the Sorting Hat. She knew what the Sorting Ceremony was like, knew what she was supposed to do, but she was still curious to get a glimpse of the hat. Even though she couldn't actually see the hat, she could definitely hear it. Her father hadn't mentioned the Hat was going to sing , and yet sing it did, belting out a clever little song that echoed throughout the Great Hall. " You might not expect too much from me, Just an ancient, floppy hat, But if you put me on, you'll see, I'm so much more than that! The four founders of Hogwarts knew, They could not live forever, So each one placed his point of view, In a hat that tells you whether: You'll belong in Gryffindor, With the bravest of the brave, The knights in shining armour, Fighting with sword and stave! You'll belong in Hufflepuff, With that kind and loyal band, Even when the seas get rough, There will always be a hand! You'll belong in Ravenclaw, With the cleverest of minds, Where those who are enlightened are, Most prized and treasured finds! You'll belong in Slytherin, Where ambition is most prized, They're clever and conniving, And will do anything to rise! The students broke into applause, and Calista considered her prospects. Ravenclaw and Slytherin had both been described as having "clever" students, so she rather hoped she was sorted into one of the two. Gryffindors were unbearable, of course, and it sounded as though Hufflepuffs were a bunch of feeble-minded pushovers. Even as Calista was mulling this over, the professor unrolled a long sheet of parchment, and called off the first student to be sorted: "Avril, Olivia!" Calista had a glimpse of a girl with a long blonde ponytail darting towards the stool, and then the hat shouted: " SLYTHERIN!" "Baggins, John," " HUFFLEPUFF!" "Banks, Lucinda," " RAVENCLAW!" The hat went on and on, and Calista gradually drew closer to the head of the line. She shivered a little as the professor called the first 'S' name, knowing it was almost her turn. She was close enough now to the front of the room to have a good view of the staff table. She looked along it and spotted her father, who was watching the Sorting. She saw him clap as a boy named Lucas Sawyer became a Slytherin. Severus must have felt her gaze, or perhaps he knew her name was next, for he caught her eye and offered a small, very nearly imperceptible smile. Calista knew it to be one of encouragement, and felt a tiny bit better. "Snape, Calista!" Calista was dimly aware of a flurry of whispers, and even a catcall from the Gryffindor table, as she approached the stool with the hat. She froze, half lifting her arm. Was she supposed to take the hat herself and put it on, or would the professor do it for her? The professor, who Calista just now remembered was called McGonagall, nodded slightly, indicating that Calista should sit. Feeling her face heat up, she obeyed, and McGonagall settled the hat on her head. " Ah, what have we here?" Calista almost jumped at the little voice in her ear. She had known the hat could talk, but she was still on edge. Anything but Gryffindor , she silently willed, wondering if the hat would pick up on it. Apparently the hat understood, for it chuckled softly. " Anything, eh? Well let's see what we've got here. Plenty of courage, you know, you wouldn't go completely wrong if you reconsidered your opinion of Gryffindor…" No, Calista thought desperately, imagining her father's disappointment. Besides, what was the hat on about? She was afraid of everything, she just pretended not to be. " Clever, too. As I see it, we have three viable options. However, if you're certain Gryffindor is out, I'll have to recommend... SLYTHERIN!" This last word was shouted so everyone could hear, and there was a sudden rush of noise as the hat was lifted off Calista's head. She caught her father's eye again, and his smile was now wide enough to be considered gloating. She smiled weakly back, and walked quickly to the Slytherin table. Never before in her life had Calista been greeted so warmly by her peers as when she sat down at the Slytherin table for the first time. Several students patted her on the back, and nearly all of them smiled or waved or both. "Is it true Professor Snape's your dad?" a third-year boy asked, and Calista nodded. "Wow," remarked the girl next to her. Calista recognised her as being Olivia Avril, who had been the first student sorted that evening, "Your father is a professor? You're lucky, you'll get top marks." Calista lifted her chin slightly. "Potions is my best subject," she said, not at all humbly, "I would get top marks regardless of the professor." Oliva chuckled. "Whatever you say," she said, shrugging, and Calista was prepared to dislike her too. Just as she was deciding this, Olivia poked Calista in the ribs and pointed to the sorting hat. Percy Weasley, the boy from the train, was approaching, his nose high in the air. "Bet you ten galleons that git is sorted into Gryffindor ," Olivia said snidely, "Someone told me both his brothers are in it." Calista looked at Olivia again, and recanted her initial assessment. Perhaps she wasn't so terrible, after all. "Do I look like I'm going to take a losing bet?" Calista retorted, " I didn't get sorted into Gryffindor, after all. I'm not daft." Olivia grinned. The sorting had screamed " GRYFFINDOR!" "Told you so," Olivia whispered. Calista smiled slightly. Perhaps this wouldn't be so difficult after all.