couldn't be happier. He was getting hungry and a hungry Harry wasn't the best company. From the front table, a witch stood up as Flitwick took the hat and stool away. She was elderly and looked stern, but fair and dressed in heavy dark green robes. She was sat in the middle of the table, in the Headmaster's seat. "I would like to welcome our new students to Hogwarts and welcome back all those returning." She spoke loudly and clearly, but with a hint of a Scottish accent. "For those who don't know me, I am Professor McGonagall, your Headmistress. "Before we begin the feast, I have a few announcements. Firstly, I would like to remind you that the Forbidden Forest remains forbidden to all students. Mr Filch would like me to remind you that there have been a few items from Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes added to the list of forbidden items. If you would like to see the full list, Mr Filch would be glad to inform you and you can see him in his office. "Now onto further announcements, I would like to welcome Professor Quirrell to his seventh year as our Defence Against the Dark Arts professor. He still holds the record for holding this position for the longest time in over half a century. May he stay with us for longer. Professor Malcolm McGonagall will be the new Head of Gryffindor after Professor Kettleburn's retirement last year. We wish Professor Kettleburn a happy retirement and for him to keep the remainder of his limbs. He will be replaced by Professor Grubbly-Plank as our new Care of Magical Creatures professor. "Now without further ado, I hope you all will enjoy the next year at Hogwarts and learn many new things. Let us proceed with the feast." The food appeared on the tables before the elderly Headmistress sat down. Harry couldn't be happier and immediately started to load his plate with the steaming hot dishes. Besides him, Hermione did much the same, although a little slower. "I'm glad you got into Gryffindor, Harry. I wouldn't hear the end of it from Malfoy if you got into Slytherin." Hermione said to him. Harry shrugged. "What would it matter? A house is a house. I'd still be friends with you if I was in any of the other three." Hermione smiled brightly at him. "I know, but Malfoy likes to brag. A lot. Plus, having the Boy-Who-Lived in Slytherin would cause an uproar." "Well now you can brag to him," Harry winked playfully. "But I don't know how it would matter if I was in Slytherin. It's not a bad house." "Are you sure you're the son of James Potter?" Harry turned around and saw a redheaded, lanky boy talking to him. "What do you mean?" Harry asked him, narrowing his eyes suspiciously. "Well it's just James Potter is known for being a Gryffindor fanatic. And Gryffindor and Slytherin have this rivalry, obviously." The boy shrugged. "My parents know your dad from Hogwarts, I think my dad was a few years older though." "Yeah dad is big on Gryffindor, but if mum heard I was taking part in this rivalry on any matter besides some friendly Quidditch competition, she'd skin me alive. Her best friend is a Slytherin." Harry explained. The boy rolled his eyes. "Women." He muttered. "I'm Ron Weasley, by the way." "Harry Potter. Nice to meet you." Soon enough Harry was introduced to the rest of his year, both boys and the girls. He was also introduced to Ron's sister Ginny who looked petrified when he said hello to her. Harry got along with them easily, most of them having a boisterous personality. Neville didn't, he was rather quiet, but seemed rather confident. Hermione whispered to Harry that Neville used to be really shy and unsure of himself, but over the years he got more confident with the help of his housemates. Hearing that made Harry happy, it was good that they all looked out for each other. "Hey Hermione, how come you and Draco call each other by your surnames?" Harry asked when the feast was nearing its end. The question was bugging him since he first met the two. "Habit I guess," Hermione admitted. "We used to hate each other up until fourth year. Now I think it works a little like a nickname I think." "Hermione's still the only one who can stand Malfoy for longer than five minutes though." Ron chipped in, mouth full of food as he spoke. The result was that Harry really had to think hard to decipher what Ron was saying. Hermione looked at the ginger boy with distaste. "Don't eat while speaking, Ronald." She scolded him. "And I'm sure you'd like each other if you just tried to talk to him." "Yeah I'm sure I'd like him if he wasn't such a git. " The two argued over it for a while, before Harry sighed and decided to break it off before Hermione cursed Ron. "Hermione, what happened in fourth year that made you and Malfoy stop hating each other?" He asked. Hermione fell silent and gave him a wicked grin, and suddenly Harry didn't want to know. … A/N: Well what do you know, 'Independence' is barely started and here I am with a new fic. My essay is being neglected, but I blame that on slow internet and thus the inability to research properly. No worries though, I am fully intending on working on both of my fics simultaneously and update without too much of a break in between each chapter. I have a soft spot for AUs, so naturally this has to be one. The differences between this and canon will be revealed as we go on, but I believe you got a taste of it in this chapter. I hope you enjoyed this, please favourite and review (especially review, I'd love to hear your opinion)! Edited 03/06/2017 – fixed some spelling and grammar mistakes.