calm. Surely a descendant of Narcissa Malfoy, a woman who faced Lord Voldemort and lied without consequence, would be able to get the better of whatever anyone would be throwing at her in this dump. She flicked the lighter open and in its dim light, Regina began slowly moving forward. The little yellow flame was just enough light to help her maneuver in the dark room. An uncomfortable thought was forming in her head as she walked towards the door at the back of what looked like a small storeroom. There were empty boxes on the floor and some trash lying around, but that wasn't what Regina was worried about. What did bother her was that, in her experience, even contraband EMP guns had some sort of a safety mechanism. They certainly didn't just go off in an empty room without any outside disturbance. There was someone else in the building. Regina's lighter flickered and she found herself desperately hoping that there would be working lights behind the door. She reached out to turn the knob. The door didn't budge. There was no key in the keyhole, either. Without thinking, Regina reached for her electronic lock pick only to realize that she was holding what was essentially a very expensive keychain ornament. The little machine had been completely fried. Regina glanced around in the room for anything to try and pry the lock open with manually, but all she could see was more trash. For a moment she even considered trying to break the door down with her shoulder, but it was solid metal and she was more likely to break something inside her. Irritated, she shook her head and put a hand on her hip. She might have been a coward but she couldn't bloody well just walk away. She was on the job and with such a powerful EMP gun, whoever owned it could probably take down a travelpod like they were duck hunting. She tapped her fingers on her hip. One of her polished nails clicked against smooth wood. Confused, she looked down at her belt. It was odd that the solution hadn't even occurred to her before. Hesitantly, still holding the lighter, Regina picked up her wand and turned to face the door. She cleared her throat with a loud cough. "Alohomora!" The door didn't budge. Regina took a deep breath and tried again. "Alohomora!" The door either creaked a little or more likely it was wishful thinking. Still, third time's the charm, right? "ALOHOMORA!" the words sprouted from her lips with a bit more force than necessary. In response, the door flew open with a thud. In the split-second before Regina could react, she heard the click of a stunner but to her surprise, no bolt of energy followed. Using the moment to her advantage, she stormed inside yelling:"Stupefy!" Many hours later, when Regina finally got down to writing her report, she wished really badly that she could have described the duel as glorious or brave. At the very least, even just adequate. In reality, it was pitiful. On the other side of the door, behind a table full of various electronics, some taken apart and others intact, sat a young man in his early twenties with flaming red hair. Regina had recognized him immediately as Icarus Weasley, a small time criminal and smuggler, who always tried to pull off schemes far above his abilities. In the time she'd wasted casting a below-average Stupefy, the man too had realized how useless his gun was, and reached for his wand. However, his first Sectumsempra had barely slashed the air in front of him, never mind her skin. Regina had sent back a Stupefy with little result to Weasley, though it did blow up a box of chargers. The man retaliated with a Diffindo that left a very slight red line on Regina's skin. She sent a Bombarda his way, but the wand movement must have been wrong, because the flash of light just slipped through Weasley. After a number of attempted Sixtusempras, Abraka Dabras and Disarmiums , all of which turned out to not to even be proper spells, Regina did get lucky with a Diffindo , cutting whatever was holding a shelf just above Icarus' head. The man collapsed on the floor, unconscious and the shelf on top off him. Granted, it wasn't the most elegant solution (or, indeed, even what Regina had planned), but looking around at the destruction in the small room, Regina took what she could get. At least the handcuffs she carried were mechanical and she slipped them on Icarus before turning to inspect the contents of the room. On the table lay a half a dozen EMP guns, various supplies to create a deadzone, and some other instruments she didn't recognize. It also seemed Icarus had been charging another bigger gun. That must have been what went off and fried everything when Regina moved around upstairs. Level 4 indeed. David was going to owe her a damn three course meal, cocktails, and dancing in the floating disco that soared above the clouds, too. After three attempts, Regina finally managed to send a successful Patronus message to the headquarters. Within minutes David sent a nervous reply apologizing for underestimating the threat and informing her that a whole crew was on the way to take custody of the man as well as the machines. Having made sure that Icarus would not be going anywhere, Regina picked up both their wands and sat down to wait for David's arrival. She leaned back and twirled the smooth wooden sticks in her fingers. Just a few hours earlier, her wand had seemed a merely nostalgic addition to the uniform but perhaps it would be good to follow the advice of the portrait of the crazy wizard with one weird eye and always be prepared for whatever life threw at her. Apparently magic hadn't left the building, (or the Wizarding World for that matter), just yet.