the Slug Club," Sirius said calmly. "He wasn't getting on your nerves, was he?" "No, not at all," Melody said honestly. It made sense, now, that Regulus looked so familiar—he was like a slightly less handsome, slightly younger version of Sirius. They couldn't have been more than a year apart. "You missed the trolley," James interjected cheerfully, although Melody could tell that he was purposefully changing the subject. "I've got a spare Pumpkin Pasty if you want it." "I'm allergic to pumpkin," Melody said regretfully. "Any Chocolate Frogs?" "You can have mine," Remus offered, holding it out to her atop her book. "I'm not very hungry at the moment." Melody hesitated, and then smiled gratefully as she accepted both items. "Thank you." She ate her snack, flipping the card over to see who she'd gotten. "Newt Scamander! Finally," she said contentedly. "I take it you're a fan of magical creatures?" Remus asked, nodding to the book she was holding. "Yes; it's my favorite subject. A lot of creatures and beings are misunderstood... If I don't go professional with Quidditch, I might do something with magical creatures, unless I decide to become an Auror." "Misunderstood, eh?" Sirius said, clearly in a better mood again. "I'm sure most of us would have to agree on that point." His eyes were twinkling at Remus. Then he turned to Melody. "You have quite the high aspirations there. Professional Quidditch player, Auror, Magizoologist... I won't be surprised if you end up becoming all three." "How are you going to get Sorted, anyway?" James asked, clearly still thinking of the Gryffindor team tryouts. "Will they make you stand up there with all the first years? You'd stick out like a sore thumb," he added, chuckling. "Actually, I'm supposed to wait in the Great Hall after the feast," Melody explained. "In Dumbledore's last owl, he said I'll be Sorted privately, and then a Prefect from my new House will escort me to the common room." "Fantastic," Sirius said, rubbing his hands together. "We'll have the house-elves set up an extra bed in our room." Melody choked on her last bit of Chocolate Frog, and Sirius patted her on the back sympathetically. "Joking, Mels, joking," he assured her, ruffling her curly black hair with his other hand. The rest of the train ride passed pleasantly; and it did indeed have the magnificent views that Sirius had promised. The excitement of everything, however, had tired Melody out; and, after they had all changed into their robes in the train's provided dressing-room compartments, she ended up nodding off against Sirius's shoulder as the sky outside darkened to a starlit night. Melody found herself being shaken gently awake, and she opened her eyes to see Sirius grinning down at her. "Rise and shine, little one. We've arrived," he told her. Melody realized that she was curled up against him, with her arm around his waist as though he were a teddy bear. A bright pink hue colored her olive-toned cheeks as she sprang to her feet, nearly elbowing Sirius in the face as she did so. Melody found herself avoiding eye contact with any of them as they stepped off the train, although none of the boys seemed to feel uncomfortable because of her sleeping position. Had she been snuggled up to Sirius the whole time she was asleep? A man's voice echoed across the throngs of students, summoning the first years, but Melody had been told to take the carriages along with everyone in second year and up. She looked around for the carriages, and paused when she saw what was pulling them. Thestrals. With their dark, skeletal frames, lidless white eyes, and bat-like wings, most people would not consider thestrals to be particularly pleasing to the eye; but Melody was fascinated by them. She was standing, mouth slightly open as she stared at them, when Sirius finally tugged her along gently and helped her into the nearest carriage. Melody found herself sitting next to Remus this time, and was suddenly very aware of things like how loudly she was breathing and whether her hair smelled nice or not. Remus saw that she was watching the thestrals' movements as they walked purposefully down the lane, and he smiled softly. "Amazing, aren't they?" he said quietly as James and Sirius began discussing the feast they would soon be enjoying. "Another misunderstood creature, I would venture to say." Melody looked at her hands, nervous to meet the gaze of those gentle grey eyes. "Yeah, I would say so. It was—it was my grandmother I saw, when I was twelve or so. I've read about thestrals, but they're not so common where I lived." "It was my mother, for me," Remus replied. "At the end of last term." Startled at how recently the death he'd witnessed had been, Melody glanced up at Remus. He was regarding her with a thoughtful expression, with warmth in his gaze and pain behind it. "I'm sorry," Melody said after a moment. "That must be hard to deal with." Remus's mouth twitched into a smile. "It's all right. I've got a pretty good support system." He nodded his head towards the other two boys. James was imitating some sort of creature, and Sirius was laughing so hard it sounded like he was barking. "You all seem very close," Melody said, smiling at their antics. "It's good to have close friends." "Do you have anyone you miss, at your old school?" Remus asked. Melody considered this for a moment. "Yes, and no," she finally answered. "I had a lot of friends there—it seemed like I was always surrounded by people. But, now that I think about it, they weren't really the kind of people I could count on to be there for me. I often felt like I was alone in a crowd." "Hogwarts is different," Remus assured her. "You won't feel so alone here, I promise you." Melody felt her cheeks growing warm again. "Thanks, Remus." "Of course."