that Scorpius momentarily forgot where he was and took an involuntary step forward. Something crunched under his foot and suddenly all the gingerbread men turned as one, their weapons ready. Had they not been wearing helmets, Scorpius was sure he would have seen determined scowls. He quickly regained his footing and took a step back. As the gingerbread soldiers advanced, Scorpius heard a voice he recognized. "Don't let her get you, Scorpius. Run!" Albus was at the back of the room, his hands and feet bound, yelling at Scorpius at the top of his lungs. "Albus! Wait, I'm coming to help you!" Scorpius glanced down at the advancing horde of soldiers and then at his bowl. Truth be told, he did not feel like a noble knight on a quest to save the damsel in distress, but he was too close to turn back now. Except that the 'damsel' in question did not look like he wanted to be saved. "No! Listen, Scorpius, you mustn't let her get you! You must warn the others!" "Mustn't let who get me?" Scorpius kicked one advancing gingerbread soldier away with his foot. The sweet flew through the air and splatted against the wall. From the corner of his eye—the one that wasn't on Albus—Scorpius could have sworn he saw two little gingerbread doctors race up with a gurney to aide the fallen soldier. "Mustn't let me get you, honey!" Scorpius had heard stories of Dolores Umbridge from when his father had been in one of his rare reminiscing moods. This voice was almost exactly like Draco Malfoy's poor imitation of that woman. Very slowly he turned around to face the source. She was still short and plump, but her eyes were alight with a blaze that Scorpius had never noticed in the years he'd seen the old woman poke her head in to ask if they wanted anything from the trolley. Yet never before had Scorpius wanted to take a step back. "Not that I'd need you, you little rat." The woman approached and the gingerbread soldiers parted before her. She was wearing a deep green dress and a black cape seemingly made out of dark feathers and carrying a staff of branches braided together. Scorpius squinted and saw something hanging around the woman's neck. It was gold and shiny and the woman brushed against it with bony fingers. The time-turner she must have taken from Albus. The one they were planning on using... "You see, you annoying little brat, your friend has already given me what I need to go back and set everything right!" She motioned with her staff and the gingerbread soldiers raised their longbows at Scorpius. Scorpius shook his head and nearly jumped as a sword poked him in the foot. More and more sharp sticks forced him to move towards Albus. He shook his head desperately. "Why? Why are you doing this?" "For over a century I have served you little fiends. A thousand before that answering to every need of that school. And before that I can't even recall. A century of smiling and selling you sweets! I hate sweets!" She laughed maniacally. "It was his fault! He enslaved me and forced me to serve. But I shall go back! I shall go back and reclaim my destiny. I will become what I was meant to be before that vile warlock robbed me of my birthright!" The witch approached and the skin around her eyes darkened, teeth turning into fangs before Scorpius's own eyes. He stumbled backwards, trying to get away from the soldiers. Somewhere near him Albus was screaming. "We must stop her, Scorpius! She can't go back!" He was struggling against the bonds and trying to break free. Scorpius glanced at him and then down at his bowl. There were only a few sweets left. He reached for the handful of pepper imps and threw them at the gingerbread men. The vicious little devils immediately released a spray of pepper at the enemy and Scorpius had to protect his eyes and nose with his sleeve. He dashed towards Albus through the gingerbread soldiers now taking up arms against the imps. "I don't have my wand!" "There's no time! Do something!" The woman was still laughing as she raised the time-turner and moved to turn it. In desperation Scorpius stuck a hand in his bowl and threw the first object at the trolley witch. The cinnamon rolls were truly just very cinnamony and tasty. Scorpius reached for the the next thing. The peach ring flew through the air, extended lazily and, like a rubber band, extended and wrapped around the witch, pinning her hands to her sides and sticking to her like glue. The woman let out an outraged screech and lunged at Scorpius. Scorpius stepped back and the bowl fell from his fingers. Suddenly his eyes caught sight of two wands in the witch's pocket. He stumbled forward, hands flailing, to grab at the wands, splatted against the peach ring stretched around the woman and then, for the second time in so many hours, there was darkness. "That is pretty much the whole story. Next thing I remember is waking up on the floor with a dozen Unspeakables fussing over me." ended Scorpius. The voice let out a skeptical growl. "Really? So, it was an accident you brought a Time-Turner, a very illegal Time-Turner, on the train? You had no thoughts along the lines of 'how good a practical joke it would be to release Lady Morgana from the prison Merlin sentenced her to many centuries ago'?" Scorpius blinked. Then he blinked again. Then he tried to breathe again. "L-l-lady Morgana? The candy lady is Lady… I mean… that Morgana?" Silence. "I should not have said that. I really should not have said that," stated the Auror. She thought for a moment. "So, how about you leave the Time-Turner with us and neither of us mentions any part of this adventure to anyone ever again?"