expelling a shaky breath. "Don't you want me to find you?" "You can't be trusted." She looked away quickly, unwilling for him to see her shining eyes. Tom felt his power threatening to come out and play. It crackled menacingly around him. He did not wish to lose the witch. With extreme effort, Tom regained control. He quickly reached for the books, scrolls, and quills lying on the floor and handed her hers. "Tell me something, whatever you can about the future." She looked up at him with solemn eyes. "Your future is grim." With that, the last of the mistletoe fell and the charm was broken. She wavered before finally disappearing completely. The hallway stretched and flexed and Tom found himself staring into empty space, students bustling around him. Grim. That would never do. XxXxXxX Hermione could still feel the ghost of his kiss on her lips. Sweet Morgana, but the man could snog. She mentally shook herself. What in Merlin's name had she allowed to happen? What bloody choice did I have? As soon as she saw the corridor walls shifting, she knew something was amiss. Sure enough, she collided with the infuriating wizard only seconds later. She'd been momentarily befuddled, believing herself to be facing a student she'd never come into contact with before. Perhaps a fifth year, for surely he couldn't be younger than that, but he couldn't be older either because she knew all the sixth, seventh, and eighth years. Yet she'd been remiss to believe so. Her quick appraisal of the haughty wizard had been wrong. When he'd gestured to the mistletoe, she was horrified to realize her initial reaction had been one of excitement. She had no trouble admitting that the wizard in front of her was a fine specimen of a man, with his strong chiseled jaw, and his dark blue eyes that glittered dangerously. His petulant lips dripped with sensuality and he looked like a bloody aristocrat, a sodding pureblood prince. His hair was as dark as a raven's feathers, and she immediately thought about running her fingers through it. His shoulders were wide, though his body was lithe. She had thought he may play Quidditch with that sort of physique. She'd wondered how in Merlin's name she could have missed noticing him for four months already. Of course it all made sense soon enough. Everyone at this school knows who I am; I'm Head Boy. The words had sent a chill through her body, and not a delightful one. It had taken a bit more digging on her part, but she realized rather quickly who the Tom, in the archaic Slytherin robes from the past, really was. She was stuck under the mistletoe with Tom-bloody-Riddle. The Teenage Dark Lord who would soon grow to be the Dark Lord she'd helped to defeat only months before. They were still rebuilding some aspects of the school and the grounds, but it had opened on September 1st, and she had returned for her eighth year, as she'd missed her seventh. 'It will be fine, no one ever has to know about this. He was only an apparition, anyway. He's dead now.' Despite her rationale, a part of her felt sorry that the young and virile boy was no longer. Things could have gone so differently for the brilliant wizard. Making her way to the stairs, she spotted her friends. "Harry! Ron!" she called to them jovially, waving to get their attention. The two Gryffindors stopped, and Hermione was immediately struck with an odd, chilly feeling. Her friends frowned, and she noticed the way Harry's hair was styled away from his face— there was no scar . She paled. "Er, hello, Granger," he smiled kindly, but his face look slightly puzzled. Ron didn't say anything at all, and both boys walked briskly down the stairs, neglecting to wait for her. Hermione stood in shock. She glanced down at her feet, trying to figure out what had happened, it was then that she noticed the Ravenclaw tie underneath her jumper. She froze at the sight of it. She gripped her books to her chest, noticing to her dread, a diary in her hands that most certainly wasn't hers. She was still staring down at it when she felt someone come up from behind and grab her by the waist, kissing her chastely on the cheek. "Hello, lovely." The voice was unmistakable. She looked up with trepidation in her eyes, but she already knew it was him. "Tom," she ventured tremulously. He smirked, but then all mirth fled his face, replaced with open curiosity. "Is this the day we catch up, future-girl?" He took her silence for confirmation. "I'm so pleased. The other version of you was frightfully boring. Don't worry; you're still Head Girl." "When…how?" He motioned to the diary she still clutched. "When I slipped you a piece of me, I was able to determine the year, and travel back to it. I started school September 1st with the rest of you; I do so value education. Have things changed much from the 1997 you knew? I wasn't able to ascertain that. I figured I had to wait until the holidays before we caught up with each other again." "They just let you, start school?" Cobalt blue eyes cut through her. "You'll find I can be very persuasive. They were quite sympathetic to the missing Head Boy who accidentally traveled through time." "You said 1997, but it's 1998. I was in my eighth year, after the war." He frowned. "No, it's 1997, we're in seventh year." He glanced at her searchingly. "Come, lovely. There's much you have to fill me in on. I want to hear all about your old timeline." Helpless to deny him, Hermione allowed Riddle to usher her into the nearest classroom, feeling dizzy against the tumultuous feelings that threatened to drown her. It seemed the harmless kiss she'd felt through half a century, was not so harmless after all. XxXxXxX