finger. "Who'd have thought my prim and proper big sister would have such a dirty mouth on her." Before Daphne could respond though, Astoria felt her head being forcibly guided back to the blonde's womanhood. "Wha… Harry?" the brunette complained as she felt the young man position himself behind her. "I'd be careful about who you accuse of having a dirty mouth if I were you," came Harry's cocky voice from behind her, his renewed erection nestling itself between her ass cheeks. "Daphne isn't the one with her face in her sister's crotch, and she wasn't the one who promised I could fuck her ass either." Astoria felt the head of his cock glance across her puckered hole, and fully realised what Harry intended. Wordlessly, she began licking her sister's slit with renewed enthusiasm while raising her hips and grinding them against the former Gryffindor's manhood. She heard him mutter a lubrication spell, assuming that he had picked up his wand from where Daphne had dropped it. It didn't take long before the head of the shaft penetrated her anus, and he slowly but steadily slid inside, causing Astoria to shoot up and let out a strained gasp. "Oh, fucking Merlin," she cried as her tightest hole was invaded. Daphne however, did not approve of Astoria stopping, and firmly gripped her sister's brown hair and return her face to her womanhood. "Who said you could stop," she asked with a frown. "You're the one who said Harry could fuck you there, and it's not like you've never had anal sex before." "But… never… sooooo… big…" Astoria moaned as Harry began to fuck her properly, although slowly at first, to give the younger woman time to adjust. Her big sister however was not as accommodating. "Too bad," Daphne scowled. "I'm too horny for you to stop so if you ever want a repeat, you're going to keep eating me while my boyfriend turns you into his anal slut." While Astoria struggled to maintain coherent thought, the threat of never experience that day's pleasure again penetrated her lust filled mind. She returned to pleasuring her big sister, although her technique had grown sloppy as Harry drilled her asshole. But given the moans still coming from Daphne, whatever she was doing was working. "Fuck yes… that's it you little slut…" the older Greengrass moaned. "Lick my cunt… and take it... up the ass like… the slut you are…" The younger Greengrass couldn't help but moan into Daphne's pussy. True, due to her slut rampage across Europe, this was not the first time being fucked anally, but Harry had the biggest cock she'd ever seen, and was a great deal bigger than any other man who had fucked her, anally or vaginally. Never before had her tight pussy or tighter asshole been stretched so completely, but then never before had they been fucked so good. She moved one of her hands to her own vagina and began playing with herself, furthering the pleasure caused by her anal invader. Harry couldn't help but wince in the supreme tightness of the eighteen-year-old's asshole. He had thought that the both the Greengrass sisters were tight, but this was something new entirely. It felt incredible around his cock, and it took all his willpower to not cum straight away and not to pound poor Astoria into oblivion, as he didn't want to hurt the poor girl. Of course, even after having come twice that morning, the tightness of her ass, combined with the incestuous lesbian scene in front of him, he soon found himself reaching his peak. "Fuck… arg… Merlin…" Harry shouted as he filled Astoria with another load of his cum. Through her lustful haze, Daphne watched as her boyfriend came inside her little sister's ass. She liked the face he made as he was overcome by the sheer tightness of Astoria's asshole and came undone. She could only imagine how the younger woman must feel with Harry's warm cum flooding her bowels. It made Daphne seriously reconsider her policy on not letting her boyfriend fuck her ass. But that was an idea for another day. Right now, her sister's tongue was still lapping up Harry's previous discharge while flicking her clit with her tongue. "Ah… Merlin… YES… YESSSSSSS…" Daphne cried as her sister's tongue brought her to another incredible climax and the younger Greengrass had her face covered in the juices of the elder. Astoria never faltered in her task, her tongue still lapping at Daphne's slit while her fingers continued to play with her own, her own orgasm so close. The knowledge that she had made her own older sister, the girl who had earned the nickname of Ice Queen before she was thirteen, squirt like a fountain aroused the younger sister to no end. Adding to that arousal was the warm, thick cum that filled both her holes and her fingers, and soon she joined the couple in orgasmic joy. "Mmm… oh yes…" Astoria all but screamed into her sister's crotch as her hand became drenched in her own juices. The threesome rode out their respective climaxes before finally calming down. Harry pulled out of Astoria's asshole and moved around to where Daphne sat, wrapping an arm around her naked shoulders. The blonde snuggled against her boyfriend's chest while her brunette sister mirrored her actions on Harry's other side. "So, I'll be honest, this was pretty much the best Christmas ever," he admitted, after a few minutes, still enjoying of their naked bodies pressed against his, even if he was sexually spent. "I know you meant this to be my present, but I gotta ask, who's present was this supposed to be?" Daphne chuckled while Astoria gave a sleepy sigh. "Well, it was intended for you, but I think it ended up being for all of us," she answered, kissing her boyfriend's cheek. "Isn't that the best kind of present of all?" Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed it and remember to review.