Those two work together for my benefit," Draco kissed her, "I love you." "I love you too, oh handsome World Cup Champion," she teased. "Just what Draco needs, a bigger ego," Daphne laughed. Harry and Ron really couldn't handle seeing Malfoy and Hermione kissing. Harry looked at Ron, "Maybe we should try to talk to someone." "Hermione then," Ron said, storming toward the pair. Harry sighed. This wasn't going to end well at all. Five years post-war and plenty of travel under their belts and Ron still couldn't control his temper. Hermione was studying Draco's winner's medal. "It's very well detailed." "Goblin-made," Draco answered. "Highest quality you can get." Hermione flashed the large rock that was her engagement ring, "And Malfoys always get the best?" "That's the saying," he grinned. "You got the best. Me." "That World Cup is already making him unbearable," Blaise groaned. "Oh please Blaise he would've answered that way before the win too," Daphne said. Hermione laughed. She loved their group of friends. Banter, teasing, mock fights…it was so different than Harry and Ron. Her friendship with the two always felt incredibly formal. She could count on one hand the number of times either one even touched her outside of a loose, awkward hug when they met after a summer apart. Blaise and Theo both treated her like she was any other friend of theirs once she and Draco began to see one another. There was Theo picking her up and throwing her into the pool at Daphne's birthday party and Blaise had a tickle fight with Hermione shortly before their NEWTS to lighten her up. She'd introduced the purebloods to the muggle game Twister which they all loved as it gave them opportunities to make inappropriate remarks about the girls' bodies. Of course, Daphne, Padma, and Hermione used the game to make the boys uncomfortable. Draco would get jealous if Hermione was tangled up with Blaise and Theo and both boys would blush if the girls strategically positioned themselves to give them erotic glimpses of flesh. Needless to say Hermione, Padma, and Daphne always won the game. She was pulled out her thoughts by Ginny, who had been behind the group, saying, "Here comes trouble." She looked up to see Ron stomping over and looking ready to fight. She sighed, "I guess maturity isn't what they were searching for." "Please let me hex my brother?" Ginny asked. Hermione smirked, "If he draws his wand go right ahead." Ron's face was the color of his hair as he practically yelled, "What the hell is wrong with you Hermione? How could you marry a Death Eater?! How could you marry a bloody Slytherin?!" Hermione just gazed at him, unfazed by his anger, "Don't speak about things you know nothing about, Ronald Bilius Weasley. It only makes you look stupid." "Unsurprisingly it appears you numbskulls couldn't be bothered to even read a newspaper while you were gone. If you had you'd know all about the trials and the fact that I was acquitted of all charges," Draco pointed out. "More like you told lies and paid your way out," Ron scoffed. The sound of a smack was loud and Ron held his cheek, where Hermione's hand had left its mark. "Bloody hell!" "Don't you dare insult my husband because you're jealous of him," Hermione said, her eyes flashing in anger. Ron took a step back from the witch in front of him. He had always been a little afraid of Hermione. Now he was terrified of her. "I want you both out of my hotel," Blaise said. "No one insults my friends in my business. Out!" "I don't want to be in a Slytherin's hotel anyway," Ron declared. "Vile scum the lot of you." Ron then yelped in pain as Molly Weasley dragged her son away by the ear. "Ronald Weasley don't you dare bother coming home until you've learned some manners!" Harry and Ron found themselves outside the hotel and barred from entry to any Zabini properties around the world. Harry looked at his best friend, "Very smooth Ron." "Oh like we're ever going to even want to stay at a hotel run by Slytherins," Ron rolled his eyes at Harry. "We've stayed at plenty of places nicer than this. Besides, you don't want to put money into their pocket." Harry grabbed his friend by the arm, "Ron, your mum just made it clear we're not welcome back in England because of your temper tantrum in there!" Ron paled. He hadn't thought of that. He was so angry that Hermione would marry a Death Eater, particularly Malfoy, that he'd completely forgotten his mother's words about not being there to see the family and that they couldn't come home until he learned some manners. "Sorry mate," Ron said. "I'm not thrilled with her choice in husband either but I can admit that I don't know anything about her life now. All our information is five years old. I figured we could get some tonight and instead we're banned," Harry scowled. "I didn't even do anything! You did!" Ron felt his temper getting the better of him, "Well excuse me for actually caring about Hermione!" "YOU BLOODY ABANDONED HER AND YET YOU STILL TREAT HER LIKE SHE'S A FUCKING TOY OF YOURS YOU UNGRATEFUL BASTARD!" Harry yelled. "Just because you're jealous that she loves Malfoy and wasn't sitting with her legs crossed for over five years while you meandered around the world humping any woman with a pulse doesn't mean you can treat her like that!" Harry glared at Ron and walked away, "Where are you going?!" "To apologize," Harry said. "Don't bother coming. We both know they'll only take it if we mean it and you bloody well never will." Harry vanished from the campsite, leaving Ron alone. P.S. While this has been finished for awhile, the epilogue has not. I just need to finish it off and will probably post it in a couple days at most.