And they kept walking. Harry mentally cursed himself. Now things were just awkward. Fuck. Many Necklaces started shouting then, he darted off into the undergrowth, leaving both Harry and Fancy Skirt to follow. " What's going on?! " Harry called as he flitted along behind Fancy Skirt (was this guy ever going to introduce himself? Harry was starting to feel a little bad about referring to him by just a piece of clothing). " Dakarai has seen someone, they are injured, " Fancy Skirt told him as he leapt over a small fallen log that Harry had to roll under because he wasn't tall enough to jump it. Fancy Skirt skidded to a stop, Harry close behind, as Many Necklaces (Dakarai) knelt beside a young white man in a dusty white shirt covered in tears and dry blood. He wore brown trousers tucked into sturdy boots, a white shirt, clean bandages around his wrists indicating that he'd had time to at least try to do something about his injuries, and was slumped under a tree in the shade, looking as though he had simply toppled to the side as he passed out on top of his leather suitcase. There was a wand in his free hand. " Stand aside, " Harry commanded as he immediately began to reach for his field kit. It was a well known fact in the Auror Corps that Harry couldn't heal so much as a papercut. He never explained why, he didn't want to, especially when Skeeter decided to draw him through the mud for it once it became public knowledge (famous historic Parselmouths were all amazing healers, is this a sign of Harry Potter going Dark? Read more on page 3). But that just meant he had the most well stocked first aid kit of everyone in the Ministry and even St Mungos. It meant that when Harry sat for remedial potions, he paid specific attention to medical potions. Even going so far as to look into muggle methods of helping people and combining the two. He may not be able to use charms and spells, but he gained his qualification as a certified First Aid-Healer in other ways. He cast several sensory and scanning charms before cursing and unfolding his whole potions kit in front of Dakarai and Fancy Skirt's fascinated gazes. Curly Hair had been attacked by a Nundu. Not badly, but enough to be in trouble. A little bit of clawing, some internal bruising, and poison inhalation. The spells showed signs of a recently ingested bezoar, and the use of a Bubblehead Charm, the poison had been introduced at first via the lungs, Curly had quickly spelled himself a clean air-source and choked the bezoar down, but then he had been clawed and the poison had entered into his system that way. Like most cats, Nundus had sheathed claws, and they were known to lick their paws and bodies with saliva tainted from their venom sacks. Harry worked quickly, healing potions, muggle antiseptic, magical anti-inflammatory, cleansers, etc. He threw them into a cauldron and began to work carefully balancing them on the base level. He threw in orange zest, three drops of flobberworm brain juice, the tiniest bit of powdered ashwinder, shredded bloomslang, and three stewed horned slugs, stirring feverishly even as with his other hand he got rid of the bandages and began to cast spells. He couldn't use healing spells, he improvised with other, more painful, spells. Summoning charm on the venom in his bloodstream, scouring charms on his skin, water purification charms that he had to tweak with what he knew of blood chemistry in order to purify Curly's blood of the poison. If he had been awake, no doubt he would be in agony, cursing Harry out, or possibly trying to kick him. As it was, his face only creased in pain as Harry worked. Harry pulled his cauldron off the naked flame, snuffed it, and conjured a bowl made of ice. He poured the concoction into it, listening to the whole thing hiss and spit before casting spells, and conjuring a lid of ice to go over the top of it. It would need to cool and quickly, otherwise the ashwinder powder would react to the shredded lionfish scales and armadillo bile and cause an explosion. The flobberworm brain juice was to delay that while the orange zest would raise the acid pH level of the armadillo bile to improve the effectiveness of the recovery potions. In truth, mixing potions like this was heavily frowned upon. It was not often done, and those who were capable of it were often thought to be potions addicts . Harry wasn't one, but he knew that all knowledge was valuable, so he made sure to learn, just in case. Ron had looked horrified the first time Harry demonstrated this knowledge, and the Weasley clan actually staged an intervention, only to be embarrassed and relieved when their fears proved to be unfounded. Hermione had been torn between furious and amused herself because that method of potions adaptivity should have been celebrated, and studied, but was instead relegated to the shadowy corners of social unacceptability because of a couple of junkies. He watched the ice carefully and whisked the lid off the second the potion turned a nice petroleum jelly shade of clear-white. Using a butter knife, he began to slather Curly's injuries with the ointment, his puffy inflamed skin from the multitude of harsh spells that Harry had used on it losing some of their redness almost immediately as he worked. He bandaged the injuries as he went, and it wasn't long before Curly was all nice and neatly bandaged up, his colour significantly improved along with his breathing – there was nothing much Harry could do about that beyond reapply the bubblehead charm and tweak the oxygen levels. Actually... maybe he could! He had cactus flowers in here somewhere. 0000 And that's the end of Chapter One. Merry Christmas.