straining to hear what they were all saying, impatient for the witch to finish working on his clothes. A minute or so later, she gave a conceding little huff. "Young master, I'm done measuring you. Wait up by the front while I assemble—" But Harry was already hopping off the stool and making his way to the front as fast as he could, hoping that his gait wasn't jerky like it usually was. He noticed Draco watching him, one corner of his lips upturned, clearly judging him. Harry wished he could imitate the other boy's gliding walk, but he doubted he'd look anywhere near as graceful doing it even he could. At least Harry was taller. That had to count for something. "Ah, Severus," Harry heard Mr. Malfoy say as he approached, "I'd hoped that you would have dropped the Mudblood deadweight by now." Harry clenched his fists, stepping into place beside his mother, keeping his back straight. He couldn't believe that Mr. Malfoy was talking about Lily like this, right in front of her face. Fuming, Harry waited for Snape to defend her. But Snape merely inclined his head. "One takes small pleasures where one must, Lucius," he said, voice smooth as butter. "Surely you understand?" Harry stiffened, unable to believe his ears. He snuck a peek at his mother, and saw that she was tight-lipped, her gaze flitting everywhere but at Lucius Malfoy, her head bent down. She looked more aware and sane than Harry had ever seen her, and more terrified. "Ah, but we may agree to disagree on what those small pleasures could be," said Lucius. Harry saw Snape's eye twitch, slightly, imperceptibly. Lucius did not notice it, having finally registered Harry's presence. He gazed down, looking even more amused than before, if that were even possible. "Potter's boy?" he chuckled. "You'll be attending Hogwarts this year, I presume?" Harry didn't want to nod, didn't want to acknowledge this horrible man's existence, but Snape gave him a sharp nudge, and he had no choice. "Yes, sir." "Get along with him at school, Draco," said Lucius. "You have plenty of friends. I'm sure young Mr. Potter here doesn't. Remember what I told you about being gracious to those less fortunate than you, my son." "I remember, Father," said Draco, giving Harry a smile that didn't look like a smile at all. Harry wanted to say something, anything. Something scathing, something so insulting that it would wipe the mask of calm superiority and arrogance right off all three of the Malfoys' faces. Instead he stared at his shoes, seething. He had never felt a hatred so deep, so vile, as this one. He hated this perfect little blond family and that perfect little Pureblood boy, and the sheer injustice of it all made him want to scream. Two hours later, Harry's fury had simmered down. They'd bade goodbye to the Malfoys and bought everything else on Harry's list of supplies, except for the books. Now they were in the Serpent's Spine, a vast, multi-storied bookstore half aboveground and half underground. A good amount of the books were Dark Arts books, and Harry had slipped away from his mother and Snape upstairs and barricaded himself in a tiny room lined with bookshelves on the second lower level. Now his head was currently buried in a thick tome detailing the Dark Lord's rise. The Dark Lord brought cursed, flesh-eating rain down upon Muggle villages on the Sussex coast, decimating their population. Harry flipped through the pages feverishly, hands shaking, more fascinated than he had ever been. He couldn't believe Lily and Snape hadn't told him about any of this, though he'd gathered enough clues from their conversations to put together a basic picture. But this book—this book had everything. It was written reverentially, as if the author had been shivering in awe as he wrote it, and portrayed the Dark Lord as a god. But then, he was a god. The Dark Lord cursed his chosen name, Lord Voldemort, and any who dares to speak the name out loud will burn from the inside out. Finally, Harry reached the section in the book he was looking for. The fall of the Ministry of Magic and Hogwarts. The more he read, the faster his heart beat. Part of him was terrified. The other part of him was inspired that just one person had managed this, all this chaos. For seven days and seven nights, the Dark Lord meditated, immersed in the darkest of rituals. He emerged from the cold silence with the ability to suck magic from the world. In the year 1980, the Dark Lord marched into Hogwarts, shattering the ancient wards that had kept the castle protected for thousands of years, and drank Albus Dumbledore's magic until the hero of the light turned to ash. All the students and professors who fought alongside their Headmaster were rewarded first by having their magic drained, then their lives taken. Their screams were reportedly heard on live radio. In the year 1981, on a warm Tuesday morning in April, the Dark Lord rose into the sky above the Ministry of Magic. He swallowed the magical shields surrounding the Ministry, yanked the base from out underneath it so that it collapsed deeper into the earth, and sucked the magic from every single wizard caught in the rubble. That day, a good portion of the wizarding population in Britain became Squibs. That same day, Britain surrendered, and Lord Voldemort took his throne as the most powerful wizard in the world, and those who wished to have a part in his new age took the Dark Mark. "There you are." Harry hastily put the book away and turned to face Snape, who had just entered the room. "We will be leaving now." "All right," said Harry, a bit breathless, running a hand through his hair. "Um, sir?" Snape stared, an ugly scowl flooding his features. "Thank you, sir. For protecting us from the Dark Lord."