shivers down his spine. Regel was his spitting image except his hair was shorter and less greasy, his nose as well as less prominent than his something that Regel had shared with Betel. The boy slept peacefully after drinking the potion. "Alright. Now that he has drunk the Paters cure potion, Mr. Johnson would be fine in 3 days. We are going to administer the potion to him every 6 hours and after that, he will be good as new," said a perky young mediwizard. She smiled at Severus and then walked away muttering something about groceries. Severus continued to stare at the face of his…son. Betel sat on a chair on the bedside. She was smiling with relief at Regel. He inhaled sharply. "Do you need some fresh air. There is a balcony near here. Take a right then a left and you'll see a fire escape," Betel had offered him. But she didn't look at him her attention was on Regel. "I am quite alright," Snape said coolly. She smirked and scoffed, "Oh please, you're probably screaming in the inside right now," "Odd, shouldn't you be…how did you phrase it, Freaking out ," he responded. "I'll do it later," she deadpanned, "You can stay at our place for a while or are you planning on going back to London?" Severus was silent. He didn't want to stay per say, yet he also didn't want to leave. He had children. CHILDREN! Today was not Severus' best moments. He conjured a chair for him to sit, knowing that of he stands any longer he was going to embarrass himself in front of his daughter by falling like some damsel in distress, "Took you long enough," Betel said. "I am still very overwhelmed…This has all been quite sudden…Tell me how long have you known I was your father?" "Two days ago. To tell you the truth, we wouldn't have known if Regel hadn't gotten sick. He and I were not very interested in finding our parents nor knowing their pasts. It's all a big hassle really." Betel admitted. Good to know his daughter had inherited his no nonsense view in life. "What exactly are you expecting out from this? Please tell me you're not fantasizing about some father-child reunion where we hug and suddenly I play catch with you both," Snape said cynically. Betel chuckled. She finally looked at him, her green eyes filled with amusement, "Haha…No. Not really. I can tell you're not exactly the fatherly type," He scoffed in agreement, "So far, you have two choices, You could go home and continue being a brooding old potions teacher in a boarding school, which you hate by the way, or you could stay for a bit, get to know us before we become disappointment in your eyes," She jokingly said. "Professor," he corrected, "And how did you know I was one?" She rolled her eyes, "You're not exactly being discreet about it. You have several potions textbooks in your personal library back at Spinners End and as well as a Hogwarts stationary on your lampside table. Your hair is all greasy probably from all the potions fumes you have to endure and plus I noticed a potions cabinet while I was sneaking around in your house. Simple Deduction really," Somehow, Severus' lips curved. It was comforting to know that his daughter wasn't a dunderhead, "What's it going to be, pops. You staying?" "Do not ever call me that," he scolded lightly. Snape thought about it for a short moment. He had duties to the Order and there was the fact that he was currently working as a double agent. With Voldemort alive and on the loose, it would all be very suspicious. He wasn't going to let these children get involved in the a war they were not involved in. So he made the logical decision. "I should be leaving. I cannot stay," Betel looked a little dejected she was careful not to show but Snape was good with reading emotions, "It simply is for the best," Snape, knowing that he had come to his senses arose from his seat. He noticed Betel had fished something out from her jeans pocket. A black rectangle screen. "OH and before you go—smile," He heard a click that came from the black rectangle, he assume was a camera phone, "I thought that Regel needed to see what you look like before you leave…..For-ever" She breathed the last word in exaggeration. "Don't be daft. You know where to find me. Although I strongly disagree visits without reminding me beforehand," He said. "I'm not sure our carrier pigeons could travel 4000 miles to deliver a letter," Betel reminded him. A groan then escape from his son's mouth as he stirred in his sleep, "you could at least tell us why though," "London is not safe for the moment," He simply said. Betel seemed to have accepted this and shrugged. "I'll be in touch," Severus nodded to her—a gesture of goodbye and goodwill. He couldn't say he had cared for her and Regel just yet. He had only met them 24 hours ago but he was overall serious of making sure they stayed away from him and London…away from all the chaos. And so Severus walked away, thinking if he should visit them after all this was over. After the war. Whoever wins that is. His footsteps sounded lightly against the floorboards still he was able to hear the soft goodbye of his daughter, "Bye Dad," It simply made his heart clench. An emotion he hadn't felt in a long time was there. AN: Not sure when the second chapter will be published. Reviews are appreciated. Warning: Regel and Betel may be a bit Mary Sue in terms of power. Hope you like it. I could also use some ideas on how I flow this story. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter nor any of its characters. I only own Regel, Betel, Annie and Sabrina.