still prowling the grounds." "How do you-" "No more questions. Get going." Harry bit back a retort. After all, this stranger, whoever he was, had just saved his life. Well, his, Hermione and Sirius as well. The stranger got the fallen, shivering body of Sirius Black up, while Harry picked up Hermione. "Get going." Something about the stranger's voice seemed intimately familiar, though he could not place a name to it. He followed the stranger out of the forest, holding Hermione tightly, her hand over his neck. The two pairs traversed the entire length of the forest path, beside the lake. They could hear the howls made by Professor Lupin as he prowled alone in the depths of the forest. They saw Severus Snape bind Ron Weasley and stun him, get up and approach them. Almost expectedly, Snape did not take the presence of the stranger very well. "Who are you?" Severus snarled, his wand tip facing the stranger. "How did you come in?" "Professor he was just-" "Shut up Potter you arrogant moron! Let the adults do their-" he slumped down on the ground before he could continue his diatribe. Harry stared for a moment before his glance turned towards the stranger- his savior. The man shrugged. "I thought he was wasting a lot of time." "What did you do to him?" "Wandless stunner. Very efficient and useful, especially in dealing with such situations," he paused, "and people." For some reason, Harry felt intrinsically agreeing to the stranger's statement. "Now come on." Levitating the stupefied body of Severus Snape and the already-bound body of Ron Weasley wandlessly, the stranger continued to walk up ahead. Harry could not help but gaze at the way the stranger was demonstrating his casual show of power- the way he was using wandless magic to hold Snape and Ron up while walking with the added baggage of Sirius Black-it simply screamed out that whatever the stranger was—he was no ordinary wizard. "How are you doing all that?" The stranger seemed to gaze at him. Not for the first time, Harry wished he could see the man's face. "Would you believe it, if I said years and years of practice?" Harry shook his head. "Not really." "Well... years and years of practice." Harry stood stupefied for the moment, before it hit him. The stranger had just pranked him. A smile twisted through his lips, as the stranger called out. "Coming?" Albus Dumbledore walked his way through the grounds with Hagrid. The events of the night was becoming more and more complicated as time passed. The moment he felt the dementors rushing towards the Black Lake, rushing past the safety wards—he knew that something was up. And knowing how things tended to happen, he was almost sure that somehow, Harry Potter was involved in the matter. It had just taken him one phoenix flash to the Gryffindor dormitories—and just as expected; Harry Potter and his two friends were not there. Not knowing whether to feel exasperated or exhilarated, Albus Dumbledore had flashed away, the phoenix retuning back to his office after transporting him on the grounds. He had barely crossed the grounds to reach the vicinity of the lake, when an odd sight stopped him. Two people of similar height were walking towards him—one of them being Harry Potter who held a slumped and unconscious Hermione Granger by her arm around his neck. The other was a hooded stranger, walking in stride towards him as he held a rather disheveled man in a similar way. On closer look, Albus narrowed his eyes as the identity of the man shocked him. Sirius Black. His wand, the mythical elder wand spinning into his hand, he strode towards the two pairs. It was then that he spotted a fifth and sixth figure-Severus Snape and Ron Weasley, stunned and levitated above the stranger. Yet, Dumbledore could not see the stranger holding up a wand. Wandless magic? For the first time in many years, Albus Dumbledore felt a sliver of sweat form over his eyebrow. "Professor Dumbledore..." Harry whispered, the beads of sweat on his temples falling off as he saw the Headmaster in front of him. "Sirius... Sirius Black..." "I know Harry; I will take care of him." "NO!" Harry shouted, much to Dumbledore's surprise. "Sirius, he is innocent!" "What do you mean? You can't possibly-" "Peter Pettigrew is alive. He was the one that betrayed Harry's parents. He framed Sirius. Sirius came to Hogwarts to catch Peter, who has been living off as the Weasley's pet rat. Remus Lupin and Sirius Black, in presence of Harry, Ron and Hermione-revealed Pettigrew for the treacherous vermin that he is. As unfortunate as it was, Peter took advantage of Remus' unfortunate situation and escaped." The stranger continued it in one single diatribe. The moment he was done, he stared at the stupefied faces of Harry, Hagrid and Dumbledore staring towards him. "I assume I did not miss anything?" he put forward. Dumbledore wanted to say something, but he stopped and swallowed. "I assume- you have some explanation and proof about all of it?" Harry nodded. "Who are you?" Dumbledore asked, staring at the hooded man. Said person turned towards Harry who was staring back with unbridled curiosity. "I suppose there is no delaying this." The stranger sighed. He brought Snape and Ron down to the ground, as he carefully put Sirius down on the ground. He took his hood up as he turned towards Harry. The boy's eyes widened as he witnessed his own emerald eyes stare back at him. "My name is Harry Potter, and I am from the future." ### Just a new crazy futuristic idea that appealed to me... Read and review. Tell me how it was. ### For the record, as pointed out by many readers and reviewers, my use of the name 'Orion' makes it confusing for them to read. hence, I changed the name to Sauron. Hopefully this time there is no such inconvenience. Thank you.