hour, and Tom often used it to further his own skills in manipulation. It was after all more difficult to manipulate an adult, than it was with a child even if not by far. Still he couldn't underestimate Albus Dumbledore. He would be his biggest obstacle in charming both teachers and students alike. His word after all already carried a great deal of weight even without Grindelwald's defeat added to his fame. Stepping through the empty door space, Tom eased his facial expression slightly into what he knew looked like slight embarrassment, before he hesitantly called out to the matron. ''Mrs. Cole, do you require any assistance?'' The elderly woman turned around with a genuine bright smile that made Tom want to sneer, obviously delighted to see him. Her hair had already turned grey years ago – and the pronounced wrinkles made her age look that much more apparent. He would never allow himself to look that weak and frail . ''No, Tom, my dear boy. I am almost finished with breakfast. But could you please make sure the other children are awake?'' Tom nodded obediently, already expecting the request. With a quick affirmative, he moved back towards the stairs, stepping around the creaking spots with practiced ease as he approached the row of doors. He was the only one who had a private room because of course Tom Riddle was the one who deserved it most. The decision had been unanimous – and showed just how far in his grasp the children were when none protested. Children in orphanages during this time were normally entirely too selfish and greedy to grant other children anything. But he was Tom Riddle – enough said. He knocked on the first door, opening it slowly as he called a cheerful good morning at the groaning duo of children. ''Morning, Tom.'' One boy called back, looking at him with lidded but devoted eyes and it made something inside of him want to break that little trusting boy. But it wasn't time for that yet. ''Please get up, soon. You know how Mrs. Cole is.'' Tom teased good-naturedly, before closing the door firmly behind him. Only ten more rooms, and after breakfast he could see what his little friends had managed to bring back this time. Breakfast was usually a relatively quiet affair, everyone too tired to muster up any real energy. Tom smiled politely, accepted the gratitude from the matron graciously – because Tom Riddle was nothing if not humble – before he excused himself to go outside. He had been curious about his Parseltongue ability, and had experimented with its limitations. Non-magical snakes should from a biological and logical standpoint be entirely unable to actually have a proper conversation – but for some reason their small brain did not play a role when he spoke to them. According to one small adder, commands of a speaker had to be fulfilled to the best of a snake's capabilities, even if the end result was death. They seemed to leach of his magic which he noticed he emitted when speaking Parseltongue, temporarily making them more intelligent and able to follow complex instructions. For example, he had sent several snakes out to find him the quickest way to the Leaky Cauldron, and one small Grass snake had actually to his immense surprise succeeded a few weeks ago. She had been able to find it by trying to sense an influx of magic since it was the gateway from the muggle world. He had sent another snake out ten days ago and if everything went correctly she should be back by now. He had ordered her to remember important landmarks, so that he could revisit Diagon Alley by himself at some point, without having to rely on any professor. Allowing himself to be escorted once was no matter how annoying a necessity for his cover – but not having a way to return on his own would be a folly on his part. And he would undoubtedly return after the dear Professor's visit – because if his guess was correct then it would ease his acceptance into the Noble House of Slytherin exponentially. The dry ground crunched beneath his feet as he approached a group of small trees behind the building. It was where the snakes usually waited for the honor of being allowed to execute his next command. Their eagerness was simply adorable. Leaning against the bark, out of sight of the orphanage, Tom allowed his mask to slip, and the constant smile to leave his face. His dark blue eyes were narrowed, his lips firm and straight as his whole visage suddenly changed from that of an innocent angel to that of a cruel demon. '' My dear one, have you completed your mission?'' He hissed quietly, not surprised when a small body curled itself around his feet lovingly. '' Of course, speaker. I have done as you have commanded.'' Tom smiled, small but for once genuine as he picked up the small snake, and let it curl around his throat. He was in no danger after all. Snakes would never dare harm him and if any tried, his magic would protect him and eradicate the threat. '' Well done, tell me, my dear one how to reach my destination.'' Tom smirked wickedly, as plans began to form inside his brilliant mind. Everything would start on his eleventh birthday and he couldn't suppress his eagerness anymore. This time, Tom Riddle would be victorious. Failure was no option, no matter what he had to do in order to achieve his goals. A/N So this is a new idea of mine. I simply had to write it down! It's an SI as Tom Riddle attempting to succeed where the previous Tom had failed. I don't think I've ever read an SI as Tom, so I had to fill that gap – hopefully I've done a decent job so far... Tell me what you think! C'ya soon AriesOrion