the debtors knows the reason for the failure is Auguste getting cheated by one of his partners and takes Auguste with him to meet the cheater. Auguste beats the shit out of him. But learns they could not get back the wealth. Alex sees that the cheater is arrested. Fleur returns home and seeing Alex brings up hope in her. She hugs and cries over him. Alex learning about the contract goes furious as hell and tries to meet the contractors. Fleur reveals that she is a witch and the contract is magical and he can not do anything about it. Appoline begs Alex to not think differently of them. Alex states Henry is also magical and he knows about magic and asks for their forgiveness. They laugh about the issue and with renewed confidence Alex and Auguste meets the dealers. They gets ambushed, seperated and uses his magic to subdue them all and modifies their memories to look like he beat the shit out of them and rescues Auguste. They meet the chief dealer, a magical creature trafficker and learns that the main reason for them to approach Fleur is to use for getting their deals done and only after paying ten times the promised contract amount he releases Fleur from the contract. Alex agrees to pay and after fully paying the amount and getting Fleur magically released from the contract, beats the hell out of him. Delacour takes his revenge and kills him. Alex completely destroys the traffic network and Delacour is praised as national hero for protecting many persons rights. The Delacours are happily reunited and Auguste jokes on not letting the fame to get to his head. Alex replies that he knows about dealing with fame as Henry is known with another name in the magical world, as Harry Potter. The family finally meets Harry potter and they invite Sirius and Remus. Fleur apologies for her angry letter to Harry and Harry apologizes for not writing to her. Overwhelmed with emotions, Fleur kisses Harry and Harry asks Fleur to be his girlfriend. End of part I of plot I. Part II contains Fleur coming to Hogwarts and the relationship with Harry. Alex subtly adding a ward over the goblet of fire to change the slips of third parties to that of the those who dropped the slip and summoning them to the cup. This captures Barty crouch Junior but due to the confoundus charm, makes the goblet independently chose champions from the entire school along with the already declared ones causing two champions per school. Usually Harry joins Cedric and Fleur bitter rival at school joins her. The tournament gets exciting. Alex insists on vising the Grimmold place and discusses about the diary there. This leads to Kreature identifying the Horcrux and revealing the locket. Alex discusses on how dark magic in Harry is destroyed by Dumbledore. They meet Dumbledore with the two artifacts and Dumbledore takes them to destroy. Alex wants to show support to Harry and Fleur and he asks Sirius to show them the secret passages of the castle. Alex stumbles upon the room of requirement and it opens as room for hidden things. They explore the room and Remus finds the lost diadem of Ravenclaw. They bring it to Dumbledore who explains to them as the dark evil magic and this sets Dumbledore, Sirius and Remus on trail for the Horcruxes. Alex learns about Tom riddle and insists on checking his home for more. The four go to Little Hangleton. Dumbledore expertly dissuades the wards. Finally when the ring is revelaed, Alex sees his Fleur, His James and Lily and quickly grabs it triggering the withering curse. Dumbledore takes Alex back to Hogwarts and Snape is commissioned for making the antidose. Alex laughs at the irony of the situation but insists on not letting Harry know it. Alex covertly destroys Tom Riddles tomb and its contents. Harry and others move through the tasks and Fenrir Greyback captures Cedric and Harry follows him on the word of not harming Cedric. Greyback takes Harry to the ritual site and Voldemort is resurected. Grey back has the support from his werewolves and has gotten support from the trolls, hags, gaints etc. When Harry is kidnapped, Alex takes a premade portkey to the grave yard and diverts the attention. He asks Harry to leave and says he goes the same way he came in. He then unleashes all his wrath using muggle artillery. During his reign as protector of peace and fighting gangsters, he, out of interest has taken all their Weaponry including the latest and reliable guns, bombs, landmines etc. He uses all of them on the present death eaters, giants, werewolves, Vampires, trolls and of course Voldemort effectively. With combined use of magic and muggle war machines, he decimates Voldemorts army. It comes down to Voldemort and Alex facing off in Magic vs Muggle style of battle. Voldemort uses fiendfyre and Harry throws Nagini into it effectively destroying the horcrux and Voldemorts focus. Alex uses that to his advantage and tries to kill Voldemort only to find that by using other ingredients too, Voldemort has fortified his body rendering his weapons useless. Voldemort continues to try to kill Alex and Alex uses his magic to survive. By the revelation that Alex is magical, Voldemort is shocked and using this surprise Alex breaks Voldemorts wand and throws him in the diminishing Fiendfyre. Alex badly beaten now thinks that Voldemort is once again reduced to his spirit form and thinks about how to destroy the Horcrux in Harry. Voldemort comes out of the fiendfyre to the immense surprise of Alex and kills him and takes Alex wand as a trophy. Alex meets death who allows him to wait at the gate to meet his Fleur and kids when their time is over in the old time line. Harry now wants revenge over Voldemort for killing his biological parents as well as his adopted father. Plot continues...