With shaking fingers, Kingsley went for his revolver again, as a figure emerged from the darkness. Then he lost consciousness. With tremendous effort, Kingsley opened his eyes to see a man with shaggy black hair standing over of him. "Don't try to sit up just yet." The man offered him a glass of water and Kingsley thought there was something very familiar about him. "The woman?" he croaked. "Ah yes, you met dear Bella, my lovely cousin. She's tied up in the back, recovering." "Bella?" "Yeah, you had the honour of meeting and surviving having met Bellatrix Black!" Bellatrix Black was an outlaw. A woman rumored to be twice as vicious as any man and fiercely devoted to death and destruction. Kingsley knew all that and cursed himself for not having realized it. Then something else struck him and his hand went down to his hip. "Cousin? That must make you Sirius Black?" The man gave a tired bark of laughter. "Must it really? I know you're a Marshal with a warrant." "And you saved my life. Is this some sort of trick? To make me beholden to Riddle?" At the mention of that name, something in Sirius's face changed and he snarled grimly. "Riddle? I have nothing to do with that murderous bastard. I'd sooner kill him than do him a favor." "Well, the law wants you for something and I have to bring you in." Kingsley's hand brushed his revolver. Surprisingly the outlaw had not taken it off him. Sirius considered it for a moment. "And you'll just leave the townspeople to die at Riddle's hand? He'll keep sending people. As long as he pays well, there will be cutthroats to do his dirty work." Kingsley shot up from his position on the bed, causing a sudden pain to course through his shoulder. "I am just a lawman! What can I do?" "You can be a lawman and stop Riddle! I might have something that will save the city if it finds its way into your capable hands. If you are willing to… say… look the other way while I pack up and leave?" "Your help would depend on your freedom?" Sirius shrugged. "I owe the town nothing. They abandoned me." "You have no honor-" Sirius's hand clenched. "I spent twelve years in prison for their lies! For a murder they said I committed when it was Pettigrew from the beginning!" "I am a Marshal. I don't make deals with criminals. I don't know who Pettigrew is or what they think you did but the judge will set it straight." Kingsley got up slowly and pointed the gun at Sirius. "Go on, then. Against the wall!" Before Sirius could react, the door opened and a third man slipped in. He was tall and his black hair reached his shoulders. The man stared at the scene in disgust, indicating he'd heard at least the end of the conversation. "I would appreciate it greatly if you would lower your gun. As much as my associate might deserve a bullet, he has not yet outlived his usefulness." "Same to you, Sni-Snape!" Sirius barked back. He turned to Kingsley: "Snape here has something that will save the town. Provided you let me go." Kingsley turned to Snape who nodded. "Quite. There are bigger things at play here; much bigger than one mangy drunk dog." Kingsley hesitated. He was a gunfighter and a lawman; he was not used to making deals with criminals. To him, the warrant was everything. "You can save the town? If I let Sirius go?" "As I believe I said already." "Come on, we'll even throw in Bella. A different, much better warrant!" coaxed Sirius. Kingsley fought with himself trying to choose between sparing the man that had saved him or doing his duty. "No promises." Sirius shrugged. "Give him the paper, Snape." Snape handed the Marshal neatly folded papers. Kingsley looked them over and shook his head in surprise. "FROGS?" In an uncharacteristic display of rage, Tom Riddle's teacup shattered against the wall, sending shards everywhere. "I cannot build my train tracks because of tree huggers fighting for FROGS?" Peter Pettigrew shook in his boots, wishing to be anywhere else. "Y-y-yes sir, I am afraid so…" It was amazing how little a human life was worth out there in the vast plains of sand, and yet now there were at least two dozen protesters behind Riddle's window, chanting about frogs. Riddle forced his voice calm and emotionless as his eyes turned to his most trusted lieutenant, Severus Snape. "And how, may I ask, did they get their hands on my confidential frog report?" The man shrugged. "Bellatrix must have had it on her when she was captured. She can be… careless." Riddle's eyes narrowed. "And this lawman, who alerted the environmental agency?" "Kingsley Shacklebolt, sir. He also caused trouble for you in town!" Pettigrew hastened to state. Hatred shot through Riddle's eyes. "Then I shall look forward to meeting this… lawman … again!" "You know he'll come after you now," remarked Sirius as Kingsley pushed Bellatrix up on his horse. "And I will beat him again," replied the lawman simply. "Where there's a will, there's a way." He glanced down at the man. "You never told me, what's the deal with you and Snape. Why he'd help you?" Sirius grinned: "Perhaps there are others that want to take Riddle down. He's hurt a lot of people. As the greasy git said, I'm useful to someone." Kingsley considered it and sighed: "You'd have saved the town regardless of what I did. That's why Snape came to you." Sirius shrugged: "Maybe. Can't fault a man for trying to save his own skin too though." Kingsley nodded. "Good luck then. Now I will close my eyes and count to ten. I hope no outlaws disappear during that time." The last he heard of Sirius was a harsh bark of laughter, but he had a feeling their paths would cross again soon.