back. They all went their separate ways. Arabella to her room while Remus and Sirius headed for the kitchen. Remus heave a sigh as he took out his Firewhisky, setting two glasses down on the kitchen table. Sirius drowned his glass in seconds. Remus waited a couple minutes before pouring another glass for him. It burned going down, but it's not as though it really mattered. Remus was simply waiting for something to happen, for Sirius to say something. He twirled the glass in his hand, eyeing Sirius thoughtfully. He was staring at the Firewhisky bottle with a faraway expression, certainly trying to comprehend this whole day. He wasn't prepared for it, and neither was Arabella. "What, uh –"Sirius cleared his throat and looked directly at Remus. "What exactly happened that night?" Remus sighed and shook his head. "You don't want to know, Padfoot." "I know what I want, Remus," snapped Sirius. He gripped the glass tightly. "I… I have to know what happened. I just have to, alright? So, what happened?" "The Ministry must have told you some –" "Not all the details. Moony, please, tell me what happened." Sirius was a man defeated and he was searching for the truth. Remus couldn't deny him this. So he told the desperate man everything he knew. The break-in, the torture of both mother and daughter, and when Mad-Eye came bursting in. "She was small," muttered Remus, looking down at the table, "and so tiny against the chair. I was sure it wasn't her. It was impossible. I just knew they made a mistake. It couldn't be her, and then… they took the body to St. Mungo's for inspection and for cleaning. They made me come in and make sure they got her. That she was truly Kassandra Anastas. I wanted to yell at them, that they got the wrong person. But… she was so pale and still and… she was gone. Just like that." Remus looked at Sirius and saw that his jaw was trembling and tears brimming in his eyes. Remus passed him some napkins, but he denied them. As stubborn as always. He then pressed his eyes against the palm of his hands, taking in deep, hollow breaths. "We're the last of us left," Remus said quietly. "They're all gone." Sirius rubbed his hands together and nodded. "We're the last of our kind. They've all left us here." It was a grim thought. For the longest time, Remus thought that he was the last one left. Arabella was gone, Fabian and Gideon soon following her. James and Lily met their downfall at the hands of Voldemort while Harry had to go live with his aunt's family. Frank and Alice are as good as dead and Kassandra soon gone, following the rest of her family. Peter was indeed alive, though Remus wished it wasn't so. Remus poured another glass for him and Sirius. He then raised them and said, "Only the good die young." Sirius gave him a small smirk and clinked their glasses. "So what does that make us?" "Old," Remus said frankly. Sirius snorted out his Firewhisky. There was a knock on the door. Arabella peaked up from her blanket as Sirius opened the door, gazing around the room. "Is it okay if I come in?" he asked, so hopeful. Arabella nodded and sat up. Sirius gave her a smile and opened the door wider. He stepped forward and looked around once again, taking in everything. It was certainly interesting, having Sirius look around her bedroom for the first time. She wondered if he hated it, if he didn't like her posters or her knick-knacks. It was strange waiting for the verdict. "I have one of those," said Sirius. He was pointing to her poster of the bike. "Yeah, um, Triumph Bonneville T120, right? Man, it was a real hit back in my day." "You had one?" asked Arabella, her eyes widened briefly. "Really?" Sirius nodded with a slight air of arrogance. "Yeah, well, it was really popular back when I was a teenager. I bought one after I started living on my own. I knew that it would have given my mother a heart attack if she ever heard I had one of those Muggle contraptions." "Where is it now?" Sirius shrugged. "Dunno. Could be anywhere. The last time I saw it, it was with Hagrid." He kept looking around the room and said, "So, you're a fan of Puddlemere United?" Arabella gave him a small smile. "The best in the League." Sirius have a small laugh. "They've always been the best. I'm a fan of them, myself. Your mum was a fan of the Harpies, did you know that?" "Harpies?" laughed Arabella. "They haven't beaten Puddlemere in seasons! Are you sure?" "Positive. At least it's better than the Falcons or the Cannons." "You're right." They were both laughing at the sheer absurdness of Kassandra being a fan of the Harpies. It was quite fun, laughing with Sirius at that moment. It was easy to forget that he was currently being hunted by the Ministry and was feared by the wizarding community. Arabella pushed those thoughts away from her mind and focused on what was going on. They were in the same room and they were sharing a joke together. It was perfect. They stopped laughing slowly and both sighed, smiling at each other. The through of Kassandra once again invaded her mind. "Did you love her?" Arabella blurted out suddenly. Sirius nodded and sat on the edge of her bed, looking down at the carpet. "Say it," whispered Arabella. She spent most of her third year doubting their love, doubting that he truly cared for Kassandra. She wanted to hear it, she needed to hear it. "More than my own life," breathed Sirius, eyes red. "Is that a good thing or a bad thing?" asked Arabella quietly. Sirius shrugged. "Tell me when you find out." Thank you all for reading! Tell me what you think!