both fascinated and terrified all at once. "Oh, Merlin , Draco, how did that happen?" "After the war, while I was studying abroad in Bolivia. Since I returned, you've been all I wanted. I caught a sniff of you while at the Ministry. Heavenly." He nuzzled her neck. "Exquisite." She let out a nervous laugh, trying to twist a hand free to reach her leg holster. "Well, you've had a taste so I'll just be on my way." "No," Draco growled. "I need more." "Please," she cried. "I don't want to die." He laughed. "Oh, Hermione, I won't kill you. I plan to enjoy you for a very long time." "What? No! Get away from me!" She began to struggle against him in earnest once more. Draco spun her and Apparated them to a different room. The lights were almost too bright after straining to see in the dark for so long. Hermione felt her mask being ripped off of her face. Eyes watering, she looked up and saw that Draco was peering at her, his eyes burning with desire. She reached for her wand but wasn't fast enough. In the blink of an eye, Draco had her pinned to the mattress, his teeth in her neck. She kicked and screamed and pulled at his hair and clothing, but it was no use. "Get off me!" she screamed, her knee going straight into his groin. Draco paid no attention to her struggles. He continued to drink her blood, the pain radiating outwards from where he was latched. It felt as if her neck was on fire. As she fought against him, Hermione tried everything she could think of, but it didn't matter. Draco was simply too strong. He drank her blood savagely. Soon, she became too weak to struggle against him between sobs. Her arms could no longer respond to her command to try and push him off, and she found it difficult to breathe as black edged her vision. "Please," she croaked out. "Draco." Draco stopped and she felt herself teeter on the edge of unconsciousness. "Fuck, Hermione," he sighed, her blood dripping from his mouth. It landed on her scarlet dress, matching the fabric. "I'm sorry." In his haste, he had almost killed her. "I…" She closed her eyes, succumbing to the dark. Draco stared down at her still body. He cleaned himself up and grabbed his wand. Picking Hermione up, he Apparated them to her flat. He was careful to avoid that blasted cat of hers - the last time he was there it had attacked him quite viciously. Once there, Draco tucked her into her small bed. He pointed his wand at her. " Obliviate ." After wiping her memories of him, he smirked down at her sleeping form. He paused, glancing at the mirror on her dresser. Pointing his wand at it, he enchanted it so he would now be able to watch her from his room at the manor. She would never know. "Until next time, Granger." Hermione awoke quite groggy. She reached up and touched her messy hair. It seemed she had fallen asleep with the pins still in. She looked around her sunlit bedroom and frowned in confusion. How did I end up here? Glancing around the room, Hermione noticed her dress was thrown on the floor. She must have taken it off in her inebriated state. And apparently, I was too drunk to put clothes on . She was only wearing her bra and knickers. Eventually, the sound of someone knocking on her door forced her to get out of bed. Summoning her robe, she shuffled slowly towards her door and opened it. Ginny was standing there, her hands on her hips. "You didn't answer your Floo this morning, so I decided to just come here. I had to knock four times. What took you so long?" "Come in," Hermione said hoarsely, turning away. She was too tired for Ginny's nagging. "Sorry, Ginny, I feel awful. I'm making tea, do you want some?" "What happened last night? Did you even go to the Ball?" Ginny asked, seating herself at Hermione's kitchen table. "I looked everywhere for you." Concern twisted her face as she realised Hermione's dishevelled appearance. "I was there," Hermione replied. "I remember looking for you and dancing with someone, but I don't remember much else." Ginny laughed. "Hermione Granger, did you black out?" Hermione gave a small shrug. "I must have. I did drink quite a bit of champagne." "The champagne was delicious," Ginny gushed. "And all the dresses were amazing. Did you see some of the gowns? Breathtaking." Ginny smiled wistfully. "Were you there when they turned out the lights for a bit? I'll admit, it was a bit romantic. Harry and I slow danced during it." "I don't remember that," she said, frowning. Ginny shook her head. "You seriously drank too much. But then again, Hermione, this isn't the first time you've over-indulged at a Malfoy party. After you finish your tea, you should get some more rest." "I definitely will. My head is killing me." Hermione drank her tea in silence as she listened to Ginny describe every moment of the ball. Apparently, she and Harry had snuck into the gardens for some kisses. As she listened, Hermione couldn't help but wish she remembered her night, too. "Go get some rest," Ginny said gently, placing her hand atop Hermione's to gain her attention. "You obviously haven't been listening." She frowned. "I'm sorry, Ginny. Thank you for coming over to check on me. I'll be sure to Floo you once I'm feeling better." She hugged Ginny tightly. "I hope you feel better," Ginny told her sincerely. "I'll bring over some soup later if you'd like." "Yes, please," Hermione said, stifling a yawn. She saw Ginny to the door and then stumbled sleepily to her room. Once there, she crawled into bed and promptly fell asleep, not knowing that a silver-eyed demon watched her through her now-enchanted mirror.