like perfection. She wanted more and more, though she knew she wasn't going to last much longer. "Dudley," she whimpered. "That's it, come for me," Dudley murmured, his hand moving between her legs and stroking her clit a few times. "Yes," he groaned when he felt her body tighten around his cock. She came with a cry, his name falling from her lips repeatedly. Her inner walls gripped his cock perfectly. It was pure bliss. The feel of her was too much, and Dudley found that he couldn't hold back any longer. He came with a groan, spilling himself inside of her. The two of them moved against each other, riding out their orgasms until they were each spent. They collapsed into a tangled heap on the bed, each panting as they tried to catch their breath. "That was incredible," Hermione murmured, glancing at Dudley. Dudley chuckled. "I'm glad you think so. I enjoyed myself quite thoroughly as well." Hermione giggled as she felt herself relax. "Can I stay here for tonight?" "Of course," Dudley replied. "I was just going to offer. What kind of gentleman would I be if I kicked a beautiful, young woman out after having sex?" "A terrible kind," Hermione teased. "And thank you, because honestly, after that sex and the few glasses of wine I had, I'm spent. Don't think I could move if I wanted to." "I think I'll go and shower," Dudley said. "Although I don't really want to move either." "Then don't," Hermione said, giving him a look. "But we're sweaty and sticky?" Dudley countered. "Not very comfortable to me." Hermione giggled, moving from the bed to the floor where she had dropped her small purse earlier. She reached inside, pulling out her wand. "See? Magic." Waving her wand, she quickly cast a cleansing spell on both of them. "Now, we don't need to shower." Dudley looked amazed as Hermione rejoined him on the bed. "You know, I'm rather jealous all of you can do magic and I can't." "There's nothing to be jealous of," Hermione assured him. "Besides, there are certainly drawbacks to having magic." "You'll have to tell me some time," Dudley said. "I will, but not right now," Hermione replied, feeling more and more tired. "Now, we sleep." Dudley laughed. "Yes, we can sleep. Goodnight, Hermione." "Goodnight, Dudley," she whispered sleepily, cuddling up against him. In the dark, Dudley smiled broadly as he wrapped his arms around her and joined her in sleep. Hermione awoke the next morning feeling perfectly content in bed. She snuggled beneath the sheets deeper, smiling when she felt Dudley's warm body next to hers. Rolling over, she placed her arm over his chest and cuddled closer. "Good morning," she said softly when Dudley's blue eyes caught hers. She smiled warmly at him. "Morning," Dudley responded. He yawned before snuggling deeper into the sheets. He pulled her close against him. "Any regrets?" "Of course not," Hermione quickly said. "In fact, I'd very much like to do it again." She giggled at his shocked expression. "Really?" Dudley arched a brow at her. "Yes, really," Hermione responded, sitting up. "In fact, let me show you just how much I'd like to do it again." She straddled his body, kissing him fully on the lips before moving lower. She kissed the splattering of hair beneath his navel, kissing lower and lower until she found his already hardened cock. Hermione took him into her mouth, sucking long and hard as she pleasured him. One of her hands worked the base of his cock, the other fondling his sac. Dudley tangled his hands into her hair, pulling it slightly. "Fuck, yes, Hermione." He thrust up into her mouth. After a few more minutes of pleasuring him, Hermione released his cock from her mouth before straddling him. Grasping his cock, she guided it to her entrance before she slowly sank down on him. "Fuck," Dudley hissed, his eyes closed in pleasure. He thrust upwards into her, groaning at the sensation. "You're so wet." "All for you," Hermione replied, moving up and down on his cock. She moaned when his hands reached up, squeezing her breasts as she rode him. She could feel herself grow closer and closer to the edge with each thrust, his cock hitting that sweet spot inside each and every time. "I'm not going to last," Dudley panted, his blue eyes locked with her brown eyes. "Too fucking good." His words sent her over the edge, her body tensing before something inside her snapped. She continued to grind herself on his cock, her inner walls squeezing his cock perfectly. Dudley came with a groan, thrusting up into her as he spent himself. "Hermione," he moaned her name. Once they were both spent, Hermione collapsed forward on top of them, his cock still inside her. She panted, trying to catch her breath. Dudley slipped out of her before repositioning himself so he could cuddle her better. The two of them were a sweaty, sticky mess, but neither of them cared. "Dudley, I'd like to see you again after this, if that's alright," Hermione told him, feeling bold enough to make that move. Dudley smirked slightly before smiling fully. "I'd love to see you again too, Hermione. How about dinner next Friday night?" "That sounds perfect," Hermione said, smiling softly. "You know what sounds even better?" He arched a brow. "What?" "Going back to sleep." Dudley laughed loudly. "I swear, Hermione, it's almost like you can read my mind." He paused. "Wait, can you?" It was Hermione's turn to laugh. "Yes, I can, but no, I didn't do it just now." She smiled. "I'd tell you if I was." "Can Harry?" Hermione shook her head. "Harry's always been pants at that sort of mental magic." She lay her head on his chest, closing her eyes. "Goodnight, Dudley." He chuckled. "Goodnight, Hermione." Wrapping his arms around her, the two dozed back to sleep, each thinking about their next date with excitement.