Tom roared in anger, the entire iron bedstead vibrating noisily at his rage, as he shot towards the now burning wardrobe. He spun towards the old man in fury and glared at him accusingly, but the look on the man's face stayed serene as always. With another flick, the wardrobe returned to its original condition. He stared from the wardrobe to Dumbledore; then, his expression greedy, he pointed at the wand. "Where can I get one of them?" "All in good time," said Dumbledore. "I think there is something trying to get out of your wardrobe." Sure enough, a faint rattling could be heard from inside it. For the first time, Tom looked frightened. What if the man refused to take him away to the magic school if he learnt that he had stolen other's toys? "Open the door," said Dumbledore. He hesitated, then crossed the room and threw open the wardrobe door. On the topmost shelf, above a rail of threadbare clothes, a small cardboard box was shaking and rattling as though there were several frantic mice trapped inside it. "Take it out," said Dumbledore. Tom took down the quaking box. He looked unnerved. "Is there anything in that box that you ought not to have?" asked Dumbledore. Tom threw him a long, clear, calculating look. "Yes, I suppose so, sir," he said finally, in an expressionless voice. "Open it," said Dumbledore. He took off the lid and tipped the contents onto his bed without looking at them. It was a mess of small, everyday objects: a yo-yo, a silver thimble, and a tarnished mouth organ among them. Once free of the box, they stopped quivering and lay quite still upon the thin blankets. "You will return them to their owners with your apologies," said Dumbledore calmly, putting his wand back into his jacket. "I shall know whether it has been done. And be warned: Thieving is not tolerated at Hogwarts." Tom did not look remotely abashed; he was still staring coldly and appraisingly at Dumbledore. After all, he had acquired those things. They were his ! At last he said in a colorless voice, "Yes, sir." "At Hogwarts," Dumbledore went on, "we teach you not only to use magic, but to control it. You have— inadvertently, I am sure —been using your powers in a way that is neither taught nor tolerated at our school. You are not the first, nor will you be the last, to allow your magic to run away with you. But you should know that Hogwarts can expel students, and the Ministry of Magic — yes, there is a Ministry — will punish lawbreakers still more severely. All new wizards must accept that, in entering our world, they abide by our laws." "Yes, sir," said Riddle again. Dumbledore stood up and handed him a thin envelope. "Welcome to Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Everything that you need to buy is specified within the letter inside it." He pointed to the envelope. "You will find everything you need at Diagon Alley." For the first time, Tom's face lost itself in a sadness. "I haven't got any money." Dumbledore chuckled. "Easily remedied. There is a trust fund at Hogwarts for needy students. Of course, this is limited to your first five years. You might have to buy some of your spell books and so on secondhand, though. You are expected to volunteer for some menial work at school or look for a part-time job after school hours to pay for your NEWTS education, but that's for later." He took out a small pouch from within his robes and handed it to him. "I can accompany you for buying your stuff, should you want." He offered kindly. "Where do I find all these things?" Tom exclaimed, observing a single galleon with narrowed eyes. "In Diagon Alley. I can accompany-" "I don't need you," he countered. Realizing how it might have sounded, he continued. "I'm used to doing things for myself; I go round London on my own all the time. How do you get to this Diagon Alley — sir?" he added, catching Dumbledore's eye. Dumbledore raised an eyebrow but said nothing. He then explained all about the Leaky Cauldron opposite Charing Cross Road. He mentioned the directions, and how to get in. When they got round to the point of the barman, Tom scrunched his face. "Don't like the name? You share it with him." "I don't like my name. It's too... common ." Tom answered, suddenly realizing that he had perhaps, talked too much. Dumbledore nodded at him, glancing at him with a strange expression behind his half-moon spectacles, "All the details are on the second piece of parchment in your envelope," said Dumbledore. "You will leave from King's Cross Station on the first of September. There is a train ticket in there too." Tom nodded. Dumbledore got to his feet and held out his hand again. Taking it, Tom said, "I can speak to snakes. I found out when we have been to the country on trips — they find me, they whisper to me. Is that normal for a wizard?" Dumbledore stiffened for a moment. Tom wondered if he had said anything wrong. "It is unusual ," said Dumbledore, after a moment's hesitation, "but not unheard of." His tone was casual but his eyes moved curiously over the boy's face. They stood for a moment, man and boy, staring at each other. Then the handshake was broken; Dumbledore was at the door. "Good-bye, Tom. I shall see you at Hogwarts." With that, the enigmatic professor darted away from the orphanage, leaving behind an excited Tom Riddle in his wake. Little did he know that one day, the same kid would become the greatest force of change in the Wizarding world. ### That was it. I am awaiting what you think of this story. I know its mostly canon so far, but the story from next chapter is completely AU. Reviews please.