skip that part. Maybe I'll write it down the line some day, as an omake or something. 11) The Potters are nearly destitute as a direct result of the Ministry seizing the Potter Family's assets until a 'pureblooded lord' can claim them, and since that's impossible within the timeframe they established, they wind up stealing the Potter family's money. This prompts Lily into going into the field of potions-making commercially, and between her and Snape, they actually managed to make enough exotic potions that sell at a high enough price that the Potters live comfortably, if not luxuriously. 12) Hogwarts is in the midst of modernization in this fic, and concerned parents brought up the lack of physical education, thus Dumbledore instated classes where the students exercise and are taught health things they need to know. The teacher is ironically an overweight guy. 13) There are two number elevens. 14) One of the weeks was skipped because nothing 'interesting' happened in it. Consider it a repeat of what happened the previous week, if you must. Now comes a bit of stuff that would fit in an epilogue: Euphemia becomes Minister of Magic by abusing her 'husband''s influence, and ushers into an era of progress, and her main criticisms come from people who notice that under her reign, the Wizarding World became quite a bit more depraved. Noticing a vacuum in the market, Harry creates an actual sex industry in the Wizarding World, starting with a stripper joint and then upgrading that until he's doing videos, photobooks and even actual sex events. Aided by his sister's rule as Minister of Magic, he actually winds up going from 'nearly destitute' to 'literally the richest family in the Wizarding World'. Their son is a trap himself, and people wonder how such a sweet and kind boy could've been raised by the Depraved Minister Euphemia Malfoy and her husband, the 'dude looks like a lady' extraordinaire Draco Malfoy. Well, people know how he wound up making a cuter girl than most actual girls, they just don't know how Euphemia Malfoy wound up raising a little angel instead of a little perverted hellion. They named him Jamie. Gabrielle's daughter Angelique is never told that she is Harry Potter's child, or that the 'mystery' gifts that she receives on her birthdays and christmas are his. Since Harry takes care of himself and Angelique is the daughter of very good looking people, they are immediately attracted to each other. They fuck, and Gabrielle finds them mid-coitus, only to drop the bomb that they're father and daughter. This does not deter any of the parties involved, and Gabrielle joins in. Angelique and Gabrielle wind up working in the sex industry as strippers and actresses, because Harry pays better than the modeling agency. Also there's extremely good sex on the side, that helps. Luna disappears from time to time, but always brings exotic souvenirs from the places she goes to. Her firstborn is a metamorphmagus of indeterminate physical gender but who mostly identifies as male, and winds up dating Harry and Euphemia's son. They don't know they're half brothers, but Jamie suspects they might be cousins because of their similar features when his boyfriend isn't deliberately changing them. Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger did date at one point, and did find in common that they'd both fucked one of the Potter twins eventually, but it just wasn't meant to be... marriage. Ron is too focused in his Quidditch career and Hermione is too focused on her academic pursuits, so they just meet up to fuck and sometimes go out on a date. Everyone agrees that this relationship works better like that. Ginny Weasley is "Lady Not Appearing in this Fic". Cedric and Cho eventually got married, though she gave him grief over him cheating on her with Euphemia Potter for some time. They divorced years afterwards, when she couldn't bear with the thought of her husband being a Porn Actor. Cedric is known in the Porn industry as 'The Sparklepyre' after a special effects mistake in a porno that Harry thought was too funny to not leave in. Sometimes, Harry still credits him as 'The Sparklepyre'. Draco somehow wound up being the most popular stripper, whore and actress, and somehow, even though everyone knew that 'she' was actually the Minister of Magic's husband, nobody ever said anything. Both Euphemia and Harry pushed for her to get a taste of as many different sexual partners as she could, and unlike them, Draco is bisexual, so she could get a taste for both male and female partners. As a result, Draco wound up actually being an unbelievably skilled and experienced lay. There is a porno where she is fucked by a hundred men in a row, and a porno where she succesfully satisfies twenty six women in several consecutive orgies. Both are sold as memories for people to experience. The End. I'd just like to say that... much like how Succubus is written as a direct reaction from me to all the 'slut harry' Fics that have a fem!Harry that is a complete and absolute slave to any and all cocks she's presented with, hence Succubus!Harry being the total opposite (Though she will eventually submit, it will be like proper BDSM, where the submissive is ultimately the one with the final say, the one in control.), this one is written as an answer to how many fics out there have Draco/Anyone pairings that are usually him being a 'bad boy' and a 'dominant' partner in a relationships. I was originally going to write this fic with Hermione in place of Euphemia, but then I figured that Harry having a sister who is in love with Draco is just as common and just as prone to being horrible, so I went with that premise to write instead. Also because I've been playing enough Fate Grand Order and studying Law that I needed a break, and this seemed like a good enough break.