the rear view mirror again. They were right there ! How could she not see them? "Look in the wing mirror. They're there, just before the intersection," Lucille glanced at the wing mirror, and then gazed at her with concern in her eyes. "Ma cherie," she said soothingly, lifting a hand and stroking her gently on her cheek, "Zere is nobody zere," "There—there's nobody there?" Amanda said shakily, checking the rear view mirror again. She could clearly see them; there was a woman spinning about with an infant in her arms, with a man dancing gaily to her side as others clapped and cheered. She swore she could even hear them! Was this another case of something like that dreaded Phineas again? The man that she knew existed, but none of the others could see or hear? Was she actually going mad? "Non. Ze streets – zey are empty. I can only see zis 'orrible rain zat is everywhere. Do you feel quite alright? Per'aps you are too tired after work today. After all, giving birth to six beautiful daughters iz exhausting, non?" Lucille asked, "You look razzer pale, ma cherie. Would you like to switch? I could drive the rest of ze way," "N-No, it's quite alright, Lucille. We're almost there," Amanda pulled away from the kerb, focusing on everything but the weirdness that had somehow crept into her life. Yes, perhaps she was only overworked, and was imagining things. At least Privet Drive was only another turn away from Magnolia Crescent, and then she could have a relaxing hot bath and a strong cup of tea. Yes, that might just help her calm her apparently frayed nerves. Thankfully, nothing stranger occurred during the rest of their short drive. The red-haired geneticist held her breath as her car finally came to a rest in the garage of Number Three, Privet Drive; only when she heard the garage door slam closed did she sigh in relief. "Ah, 'ome sweet 'ome. Did you say the trolley was in ze back of ze car, ma cherie?" "Yes. It should be there, dear," "Tres bien. I shall move our children to zeir rooms," Lucille chirped happily, an impish smile on her face. She leaned in and gave Amanda a chaste kiss on the lips. "I can 'ardly believe it, Mandy. After all zese years...I...we...you performed ze impossible. Children to call our own," "While the conditions aren't...optimal," Amanda mumbled, grimacing as she recalled what the military referred to their children as – supersoldiers, tools, nothing more and nothing less, "Yes, I suppose that is quite apt. We do have children of our own now," "Oh, do be quiet. You truly know 'ow to ruin a woman's good mood," chided Lucille, though there was no bite in it. "And 'ere I was, thinking of giving you a proper...'ow do you say it? Ah, yes. A most thorough and exciting examination...in ze bedroom. Doctor's orders to treat your fatigue and your anxiety with some tender loving care, yes?" The sight of Lucille gnawing coyly on her lips, coupled with her suggestive comment caused Amanda to flush a bright scarlet. On another day, she would have pounced upon her partner there and then. However, her mind was still too disturbed by the strange events that had happened. First was the way that Phineas could interact with the baby, and yet be completely undetected by everyone in the room aside from herself. The second was the way that people noticed said baby after she had been placed on the scales, but not a moment before. And after that, the most obvious. Lucille was clearly in her car with her; yet when she swerved around the group of revelling madmen in Magnolia Crescent, Lucille had claimed that there was nobody there. She knew otherwise, of course. The baby couldn't have moved on its own if it weren't for Phineas moving her. In fact, none of the babies would have existed at all to begin with if Phineas wasn't real, yet Lucille was fussing over one of the babies that had started crying. It was completely inexplicable; a clear contradiction of facts! How could someone exist, and be utterly undetectable? There was something else at play here, she was sure of it. Something that was affecting the perceptions of those around her; something undetectable, invisible and omnipresent. Something that, for some odd reason, did not affect her. Whatever the case, Amanda swore that she would get to the bottom of it. Eventually. After all, what could be measured must be measured, and what could not must be made so. A/N: This is a rewrite of another story that I had written. Going over the previous story, it has come to my attention that there are numerous major plot holes that occurred fairly early on, and a major departure from the original plot line that greatly diminished the potential of the story. After debating whether or not I should attempt to fix the existing story, or to rewrite it with the original concept, I went with the latter. There is far more conflict to be pursued (and therefore a proportionally greater amount of drama to be exploited) with a greater culture shock and/or greater amounts of blood status conflict. And as we all know, conflict makes for interest. Aside from that, I felt that I was a little too ambitious with the scale of the project. Covering all seven books was perhaps a little much to cover in detail. The primary focus of the story will be on the Goblet of Fire and onwards. Another note to readers: This story may potentially contain Ronbashing and Dumbbashing. If you are allergic to either of these plot flavours, please be advised that I do not have anti-inflammatory potions and/or lotions available. Stay tuned, folks! Updates may not be that frequent, but I assure you that they will be much better polished than if I were to stick to a scheduled update pattern. -ArcturusWolf