away," Sirius muttered under his breath. He still wished he could go back and convince Tuney that they would be good together. After all, it had been her decision to not explore a relationship between them. One night, and what a magnificent night it had been, was all she'd allowed him before telling him that it would never work. He sometimes wondered if she ever regretted that decision. He knew he did. "What was that?" Vernon asked when he saw Sirius' lips moving, but couldn't hear what was said. "Oh," Sirius stuttered as he fought down a blush at being caught out by the husband of the woman he wanted, "nothing. You are absolutely right!" Vernon gave him a funny look, but turned to take his own seat at the table. Remus saw how Sirius was watching Petunia and he hoped that someday they would work things out, but he liked Vernon and didn't want to see him hurt. So, with that thought in mind, he found himself a seat and began eating the food that Petunia had placed in front of him. "I already had dinner!" Nymphadora blurted out before blushing bright red at her rudeness. "But, I'll take Harry and get him cleaned up!" She quickly added scooping Harry out of Sirius' lap and laughing when the baby smeared peas across his godfather's nose. "Oh, thank you, Dear," Petunia said, "The bathroom is upstairs and the second door to the right." She picked up a napkin to wipe of Siri's face, but just caught herself in time and handed it to him with a blush. He took it with a little smirk at her shyness. As soon as Nymph had taken Harry to clean up, Petunia looked Sirius dead in the eye and demanded, "What the bloody hell is going on? What happened to Lily? Where the hell is James? And WHY was my nephew left on the doorstep!?" It was Remus who answered because Sirius had a mouth full of roast and was hurriedly chewing so he could answer, but wasn't having much luck. That's what happens when you shove your mouth so full that you look like a chipmunk. "The house in Godric's Hollow was destroyed. All we know is that they were attacked. Lily was hit with the killing curse protecting Harry, we found her body lying in front of the fireplace. It looked like she had been trying to floo away with Harry. And James is nowhere to be found. I got there just after Sirius when we felt the wards around the house go off. We'd been staying there to help Jamie with a project from work, and those wards are the only reason why we knew anything was wrong at all. Harry was already gone when I got there, but Sirius said Hagrid had agreed to bring him to you. I can't believe he just left him here like that though. It doesn't seem like Hagrid to do something so callous to a child. I tried to reach him after receiving your letter, but there's been no word or any sight of him since he left Godric's Hollow. I also tried to reach Dumbledore. No answer, or known whereabouts, of him either." Remus explained quietly. "Oh." Petunia was wide eyed and terrified. What was so powerful to destroy a house besides a bomb? But this was a magical explosion. She wondered if maybe James had been kidnapped and decided to ask. "Well, that's what we thought at first too. But, you see, his wand was on the floor. Even kidnapped, Jamie wouldn't have lost his wand." Sirius answered gruffly. "He has a special holster that prevents it from being removed from his person. If he'd been disarmed, the wand would have automatically returned to the holster." "What do we do from here?" Vernon asked softly. "The boy can stay with us. I know you two are very busy most days, and I'm sure Pet would love to have a little one in the house again." "Oh, Vernon!" Petunia exclaimed in happiness and roughly kissed his lips before pulling away to stare at Sirius. She saw the jealousy in his eyes but chose to ignore it. For now. "Please, Siri, please let him stay?!" "Of course," Sirius said with a tight smile. There was no way in hell he was going to tell her no after she used his nickname in that pleading voice. The damned woman had him wrapped around her little finger without even trying hard. He sighed quietly. It didn't help that she'd looked at him longingly after kissing her husband either. "Well, I think we must be going. There are still a lot of people that need to be informed of what has happened. Thank you for dinner, and I'm so very sorry." Remus said somberly as he rose from the table. "Give Harry hugs and kisses for me, please. I don't want to upset him when we leave." "Any time, Remus," Vernon answered as his eyes traveled from his wife to Sirius. He knew there was something he was missing there, but didn't really care to figure out what it was at this time. "Please stay in touch. Harry is going to need all of us." "Absolutely!" Sirius agreed as he too rose from the table. "I will be by every weekend, at least, to see Harry." "We look forward to it," Petunia answered with a tiny smile to herself. Oh, yes, she would look forward to seeing Sirius Black anytime. With a goodbye and a kiss to Harry's forehead, Sirius and Nymph left the little family to their evening. "What's next?" Nymph asked. "Now, we go find James." AN : This is my first ever Harry Potter fanfiction. I hope you like it. I've read a lot of stories about how Harry is abused growing up, and decided to write one where he's treated well by his family. If you have questions, please pm me. Please review!