could easily make out Hogwarts looming above him, but something was missing. Something important that could not simply be moved away. Dumbledore's grave was gone. The ground lay unmarred before him. Harry looked around and finally his gaze fell on the two broken pieces of the wand next to him. The Elder wand, broken and charred, barely recognizable. He picked it up and put it into his pocket, feeling a distinct unease at the realization, that he was now wandless. He remembered leaving his wand in the jacket he had worn during the reconstruction of the great hall, he had just discarded it, when the letter arrived and hadn't bothered to pick it up, to dumbfounded by the letter he could still feel in the pocket of his trousers. Cursing himself he stood up, brushing of the grass and dirt that clung to his clothes. Voldemort may be dead, but running off without a wand was more than just foolish, he could almost hear Madeye's voice barking in his head. Constant Vigilance! Well it would not happen again, Harry told himself. He would get a wandholster, no more stuffing wands into pockets. Shrugging he turned towards Hogwarts and the unease he felt intensified. Hogwarts was perfect, looking exactly the way it had looked when he had first seen it and that was the problem. Hogwarts was supposed to be damaged. The giants had laid waste to the entrance hall and he was quite sure that one of the towers had been damaged as well. Something was terribly wrong. Harry hoped that the backslash that had occurred when he had snapped the Elder wand in half had simply knocked him out and he was simply dreaming now, but his instincts told him that this was not the case. And Harry had learned to trust his instincts the hard way, because usually they were right. He took a closer look at his surroundings, searching for other indications that could give him a clue as to what had happened to him. It was only when he looked at the place where, he knew with uttermost certainty; the Whomping Willow should be that a suspicion began to form in his mind. Harry shock his head, forcing the thought away. It was impossible, timetravel was only possible in a very limited timeframe and with the help of a timeturner. The Willow had been planted when his father had gone to Hogwarts, more than twenty years ago and the timeturner could send one back twenty four hours at most. A voice in the back of his head chided him, telling him, that the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, the wand of Destiny was certainly capable of more than a delicate little pendant, but he pushed it away. He had just managed to survive Voldemort and end the dark wizard once and for all. He was not ready for another adventure yet, but still he continued to steadily walk towards the entrance. Gently pushing open the gates he stepped into the castle and his breath caught as his eyes fell onto the unblemished entrance hall. In front of his minds eye he could still see the rubble lying at the feet of the great staircase, or the door of the great hall – blown out of its hinges together with a great part of the wall. It was surreal and Harry simply kept standing in the middle of the room, looking around aimlessly and wondering, what he should do now. Distinctly he could remember Hermione telling him about the rules of time travel in his third year when they had set out to save Sirius. He was not supposed to be seen, yet should he really have travel in time, that was not helping him at all. How was he supposed to return home? Unlike Hermione he wasn't extraordinary smart and certainly not able of coming up with a way to travel into the future. Was it even possible to travel forward in time? The last time they had to wait for the moment they left to travel back to take their places again. "And who might you be?" He was pulled out of his musings and turned towards the direction from where he had heard the voice. A man was standing on the top of the staircase and looking down to him curiously, but with a distinct air of carefully veiled suspicion. Something about him was familiar, but it took Harry a moment to place the youthful face with the one he was accustomed to. It was Dumbledore. His hair was red and he looked considerably younger than the last time Harry had seen him, but it was still Dumbledore. Not Harry's Dumbledore though, but the Dumbledore Harry had seen insider Tom Riddles diary and the pensive. An around fifty years younger Dumbledore. And that could only mean that there was more truth to his explanation than he had hoped. Harry opened his mouth to answer, but he froze halfway through. "I- I…" The words his father had written echoed through his head and suddenly they gained a new, horrible meaning. At familiarity he had felt towards it, making it more than just the name of one of Voldemort's followers. Shaking his head Harry forced himself to swallow the bile rising in his throat. There was only one way to find out. "I'm sorry. My name is Harold Evans, sir." I hope it was enjoyable. This is a story that I started writing a couple of years ago when I was very much into the whole TMR x HP pairing. A number of scenes from this verse are already written, but since the story would be very very long (the whole plot can be seen on my tumblr) and it is unlikely I will ever really finish it I decided to upload the one chapter I actually finished. I'm not sure what to do with it. Would people be interested in seeing what i have already written?