he was very careful he could take some, he crept down to the edge and slid the chalice in slowly and just as slowly brought it out again. Sighing in relief Harry turned only for a sudden tearing pain to run through his arm. He looked and one of the Inferi had awoken to grasp his arm just below his elbow, fingernails gouging through his shirt to leave long deep tracks in his skin. Leaping away and trying to shake his arm loose Harry made his way back to Dumbledore in his haste almost drowning the man to get the water down his throat. Dumbledore regained enough of his senses as more Inferi started their slow progress up the banks of the island. "Sir! We have to get out of here! We have to do something!" Harry shouted Harry started throwing stunners and impedimenta's at the Inferi but nothing worked. A cutting curse took the arm off another but it kept coming. Crap! Harry thought, what was it Dumbledore said again? He looked over at the old man who was standing on shaky legs leaning on the fountain, his eyes caught on the bright orange accent of Dumbledore's suit. Fire! That was it! Quickly Harry started casting as many fire spells and curses as he knew, it seemed to work, it certainly slowed them down but there were so many! Suddenly a huge storm of fire rolled around the surface of the lake, it rolled up the banks of the island taking out all the remaining Inferi. Harry stared open mouthed at the display of magic and then when it died out, looked back at Dumbledore. The normally grandfatherly looking man was staring at him with what looked like hatred in his eyes. "You!" Dumbledore yelled, "What are you doing here? You're supposed to be in prison! I defeated you!" Dumbledore was staggering towards Harry, wand outstretched before him. Harry took several steps back and tripped on a rock. Clearly Dumbledore had him confused with someone else. Harry was terrified at the power rolling off Dumbledore. "Professor! It's me Harry Potter! I'm not who you think I am!" Harry shouted "Don't lie to me! Tell me the truth! Don't lie to me!" Dumbledore cried out voice breaking, pointing his wand at Harry and stumbling on a loose rock. Harry took the chance and aimed an expelliarmus at Dumbledore. Dumbledore looked shocked when his wand flew out of his hand into Harry's. "You're not him, you're not him" he mumbled for his eyes rolled up and he slumped to the ground unconscious. Harry had no idea what had just taken place. He quickly pocketed Dumbledore's wand and went over to the old man. Grabbing him Harry lifted him into sitting position and put his arm around his shoulders to steady him. Sighing Harry wondered just how he was going to get them out of this. He wished Fawkes was here, he'd be able to flash them out quickly, just like he had with Dumbledore that time last year when the ministry tried to imprison him. Almost as soon as he had finished thinking that thought a familiar cry echoed through the cavern. Harry's heart leapt and he called out to the phoenix. Fawkes landed on Dumbledore's spare shoulder and placed a claw on Harry's hand, Harry felt a warmth spread through him and then all of a sudden he was sitting on the floor of the hospital wing. "What in Merlin's name?!" cried the much welcomed voice of Madame Pomfrey. Dumbledore had woken slightly from the warmth of Fawkes and looked around blinking. "Ah Poppy, good to see you, if you would so kind as to fetch Severus he will be able to assist me whilst you see to Mr. Potter" "What is going on Albus?" she demanded again. "I seem to ingested some poison, Severus will help me. Young Harry here has had a bit of a scare". Dumbledore replied. Madame Pomfrey fussed over the both of them levitating them into beds and calling for a house elf to fetch Snape. "Now Mr. Potter hold still, let me have a look at you" Madame Pomfrey said in a tone that brooked no arguments. She started waving her wand over him and tisked at the damage she found, "lots of bruising, lacerations and deep claw marks full of dark magic residue, what have you been doing Mr. Potter? Wrestling with werewolves?" "No Ma'am" replied Harry. Madame Pomfrey huffed in response "Well sit up. I have potions for the bruising and lacerations but those claw marks are nasty. I'll need to cast several spells to disperse the residue and grow back the tissue, I'm afraid you're going to some very ugly scarring though' she warned Harry. Harry just shrugged in response, he already had plenty of scars, what were a few more? She bustled away and came back with the potions "here drink these, one is a pain relief potion, the other is for the minor wounds and the last is a heavy sleeping potion. You'll need it I'm afraid; the spells I'm going to cast can be very painful." Harry nodded taking the minor wound potion from her. At that moment Snape came bursting through the doors, cape billowing behind him. "What is this I hear Poppy about the Headmaster being poisoned?" His eyes alighting on Harry and his face instantly arranging itself into a scowl. "Ah Mr. Potter. If you're involved I'm hardly surprised" Harry glared back at him. Dumbledore's voice called out from behind Snape "Severus please, if you wouldn't mind holding off on your animosity with Mr. Potter whilst you examine me?" "Of course Headmaster" Snape said, lip curling up in distaste at Harry before moving to Dumbledore's side and taking out his wand. Madame Pomfrey huffed again, "Honestly, that man, now drink up dear, I'll wake you later for dinner". Harry did as he was told downing all three potions and quickly falling into a deep sleep.