Krum in the months before Hermione and Draco's wedding. Hermione had said he was afraid of coming stag given how popular he was with the ladies and Pansy, who was dateless and without a boyfriend at the time, had offered to be his date so he'd feel more comfortable. The stumbling, awkward, broken-English teenage superstar had become a very polished and poised quidditch star. The pair had hit it off at the Malfoy wedding and been together ever since. In fact, Viktor had proposed six months prior and Pansy was enthusiastically planning their wedding. Sadly Viktor wasn't there that evening; he had a quidditch game the next day and so Pansy had showed up at the gathering alone. Pansy looked at Daphne, "Have you tried asking him for stuff?" "I thought about it but Theo is…" Daphne bit her lip before confessing, "he doesn't seem to like having sex. At all." That confused Hermione and Pansy. "I mean, I wasn't a virgin when we got together. I don't think Theo was a virgin either. He just…either he's not attracted to me or he doesn't like sex." Blaise was glad that Draco had worked it out because he'd been really confused by Theo's question. Dirty was good. Especially when talking about sex. He'd have been scratching his head all night over that one. Theo was using dirty as a bad word. Blaise couldn't quite wrap his mind around that one. "Sex is dirty," Theo said. "Mate sex is bloody amazing," Blaise said. "Were you a virgin before Daphne?" "No but I just…" "Theo, sex is not demeaning," Draco was really not sure how to talk to Theo about this. But he did know that Daphne was a really good friend to him and had hardly blinked when Draco had told his friends about Hermione. She'd been really supportive and in Draco's opinion she deserved to be happy. He tried to think of what Hermione would do, confronted with this information. Then it hit him, "Do you think it's demeaning to Daphne when you have sex with her?" Theo just nodded, uncomfortable with his friends' reactions to his displeasure with sex. Blaise picked up what Draco was getting at, "Mate there's loads of positions that give her all the power. Just try one of those." "This is easy to fix," Draco assured. "Next time you're getting intimate, let her be on top. Trust me, it's a classic for a reason." "And really mate, Daph is not some precious flower," Blaise pointed out. "If you're not sexually attracted to her, cut her loose. She deserves better than that." "I'm attracted to her," Theo defended himself. "She's bloody gorgeous; I'm not blind." "And you have fantasies about her?" Theo nodded. Blaise didn't sigh, but he wanted to, "Then let Daph be on top next time. If that doesn't change your opinion about sex, I don't know what will." Theo looked at his friends quizzically. He didn't really understand how one position could change his mind but they seemed convinced and given how much his friends enjoyed sex, he supposed he should give it a shot. They did know what they were talking about. Hermione sat her wine glass down, "Insist on being on top. And then make sure he likes what he sees. Maybe he's just got you on a pedestal. You're too pure to get dirty or something silly like that." Pansy snapped her fingers, "Ooh that's a good point! So a few more moans, some rolls of the hips, squeeze him…maybe some dirty talk." "I'm not sure Theo's ready for dirty talk," Daphne frowned. "The extra moans and gasps are a good idea," Hermione bit her lip, "Are you loud when you climax?" "Yes," Daphne admitted with a blush. "Well if Theo can't get you off, maybe give him a big finish. You need to dirty that image of you he has in his mind," Hermione said. Pansy nodded her agreement. Daphne sat, feeling thoughtful. Daphne had had two lovers before Theo. She could certainly make Theo feel very good. She really liked him and she did want to be with him; she just also wanted a sex life. And if Theo couldn't give that to her she would have to cut him loose. Harry gazed at Malfoy Manor. It looked nothing like he remembered. The manor had been demolished after the war and rebuilt. According to an article Harry'd found Narcissa Malfoy had informed the reporter that they wanted to completely wipe out the taint that Voldemort had left behind when he'd held her hostage to exact control over Lucius and Draco. Lucius and Narcissa lived in a house just down the lane that was also a Malfoy property. It was tradition in the Malfoy family to give the manor to the heir after he was married and once Draco and Hermione had been married, the Malfoy parents had moved down the lane with a few elves to give the newlyweds some space. Before they got married Hermione and Draco had lived in a penthouse in London in one of the Malfoys' properties. Harry'd wanted to arrive and see Hermione and fix their relationship. But as he gazed at the opulent home, he began to feel doubtful things could work out that way. He didn't even know what to say to her. I missed you wasn't fair. It was his own fault she'd left, after all. I'm sorry simply wasn't enough to express the remorse, guilt, and shame he felt. And he doubted she'd be willing to accept it. Especially if he told her how he found out she'd married Malfoy. And then there was the spying he'd done to learn about her life the past five years. That was not going to go over well. Harry sighed. He shouldn't have come. He walked some distance away and Disapparated. They had demanded she choose. Hermione had made her decision. And now Harry had to live with the consequences of his actions.