will look through these letters," Cordelia nodded and sat down at her usual seat, wolfing down the bacon and toast as though she had not eaten in weeks. "Cordelia," warned Amanda, peering over the letters to find her daughter looking guiltily at her with a piece of bacon half dangling from her mouth, "Try to chew. Do not forget to breathe. And lastly, take your time. The food will not escape while you are not looking," "Sowwy mum," she mumbled through the mouthful of food, swallowing down the bacon. "I was starving," "That still does not excuse your lack of manners, young lady. More bacon?" "Yes!" "What do you say when you wish to have something?" Cordelia rolled her eyes. "Please, mother, may I have seconds?" "That is better. And of course you may, child," her mother replied, tipping another lot of bacon onto her daughter's plate. In a blink of an eye, her plate was spotless once more. "No. No more bacon for this morning, Cordelia. You may have some cheese and salad instead," She recoiled at the mention of cheese and salad. "I think I'll pass," Suppressing a snort, Amanda began to look through her letters. "Very well. Then you must wash your plate before you go," Over the soft clinking of soapy utensils against porcelain, her daughter started to speak. "Um...mum?" Cordelia asked hesitantly, "Do you know where our neighbours went? The one with...that boy? The one with the messy black hair who seems to be always trimming hedges and cutting lawns?" "Number Four?" Amanda queried, raising her eyes from her letters, "No. I cannot say that I have, for at least two days. Why?" "When they left, they looked like they left in a hurry, and I don't think I've seen their car come back. I wonder if something happened to them?" "It is possible, but if there had been something that happened, the police would have come," Cordelia replied with a grunt, setting down the now-clean dishes on a drying rack. "Alright. So...uh, should I be-" "Studying? Yes, young lady, you will be studying. Finish the chapters that I have set, and you may do as you please," "Alright, mum," she whined half-heartedly and walking towards the study room in the back. As Amanda continued to look at the mail she had received, she noticed that the last one felt heavier than the others. Heavier and thicker – and smelled somewhat musty. Curious, she gently pried open the envelope with her fingers. Inside was a letter in honest-to-God parchment, written in what looked like quill and ink. Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class; Grand Sorc.; Chf. Warlock; Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Miss Flynn, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress "Well. That was...unique," Amanda commented, pursing her lips thoughtfully. Looking into the envelope, there was indeed a list containing what looked like a list of equipment and books. If this was a hoax, it was a very elaborate one. She couldn't think of any stationery stores in London that actually stocked parchment and sold it for any less than an arm and a leg. Quills could have been plucked from a chicken, she supposed, and ink could have just come from disassembled pens. But the printed emblem on the head of the letter was far too ornate for a one-off prank; the same applied for the wax seal on the envelope. It was more than likely a genuine letter. But Amanda's mind was well and truly conflicted. She was a practitioner of hard science. Measuring what was measurable, observing what was observable, and recording exactly how things worked. Magic, by all that she knew, did not – and could not – exist. 'Witchcraft and wizardry', indeed! She would not show this to her daughter, not yet. Not until she discovered the truth behind this letter. A series of sharp raps on her front door caught her attention. It always irked her to no end when people seemed to not recognise that a doorbell was the more civilised way of getting the attention of whoever was inside the house. Standing up, she marched to the door and threw it open, expecting maybe a persistent salesman or travelling evangelist. Instead, she came face-to-face with- "Phineas?" A/N: So I obtained the inspiration for this story after watching a re-run of a MythBusters episode on whether or not you could polish poop till it shines. Magical pureblood supremacists always held that blood purity was everything that a great wizard needs (excluding the fact that excessive inbreeding would cause amazing amounts of genetic abnormalities to pop up, but let's leave the Targaryens to see that, shall we?), but what if a muggleborn was 'polished' and then brought into the magical world? Would a 'polished' muggleborn be better than a pureblood? Or even a normal muggleborn? We will simply have to see, won't we? Also another note for those with keen scientific or technological backgrounds, I am well aware that the technology of 1980s earth is likely not sufficient to perform a full genome mapping, let alone modifying it. The project itself was conceived in 1984 by the US Government, but was not actually completed until 2003. Considering that a single hard disk was only tens of megabytes in size at the time (and the platters were literally the size of dinner plates), one could only wonder just how much storage was needed to store a human genome consisting of 3.3 billion base pairs of DNA. For the purposes of this story, let's just say that technology is more advanced than would be expected of that period. Questions? Comments? Feel free to review. Thanks for reading! -ArcturusWolf