quite a bit to catch up on, don't we Cissy?" Narcissa smiled at her sister and Draco knew his mother was truly willing to change. Clearly she'd missed having Andromeda in her life. He thought his aunt was quite wise to insist on coming along for support. Then Andromeda looked at Lucius, "And I'd love to hex you Lucius so feel free to be a bigoted arse in my presence." Draco had to stifle his laugh at his father's horrified expression. He looked forward to visiting his aunt's house. It'd be nice to see his father off his game for once in his life. "MALFOY?! Are you insane Hermione?" Ron bellowed. "I most certainly am not, Ronald," Hermione's eyes narrowed. "I love him and he loves me." "He's just using you," Harry scoffed. "Come on Hermione. Malfoy is a selfish, bigoted bastard. He's everything that's wrong with Slytherin House!" Hermione responded, "If he's so selfish, Harry, why did he save Fred's life?" Harry's mouth opened and closed but nothing came out. Fred and George, who were nearby to stop Hermione from going to Azkaban if their brother did something really dumb, snickered. "You two don't even know him," Hermione continued, "Draco…" "Oh it's Draco now," Ron sneered. "I can't believe you'd betray us like this. After everything we've been through?" Hermione looked at Harry. She wasn't going to respond to Ron; that he was talking about betrayal was laughable. Ron had abandoned them in the woods after eating all the food. Then walked back in like nothing had ever happened months later. Hermione had known she could never trust Ron for anything after that. And it was something that, despite being a forgiving person, she couldn't bring herself to forgive. "Well Harry?" Harry shook his head, "I agree with Ron. I never thought you'd betray me Hermione but yet you have. You'll regret this. He just wants to stay out of Azkaban. Once he's free you'll be tossed aside and he'll move on to a proper pureblood witch." "He's going to humiliate you," Ron cut in, "Stupid mudblood thinking she's good enough for a pureblood like him ," he scowled. "There's no way in hell that I'm hanging around your embarrassment." "Me either," Harry agreed. "You have to choose, Hermione. Him or us. I'm not letting my name get tarnished for associating with murderous scum like him." "No you'd rather hang around murderous bastards like Sirius Black," Hermione spat. She could tolerate the mudblood slur and their general idiocy but calling Draco a murderer was the tipping point for the witch. Draco had not, to his knowledge or hers, killed anyone. Harry, meanwhile, had not only killed before but he'd also nearly murdered Draco and received very little punishment. Just like Sirius Black and James Potter when they tried to murder Draco's godfather. Harry's face darkened, "At least I got to know Sirius. You don't know anything about Malfoy other than that he's a rich, entitled, pathetic excuse for a wizard! He belongs in Azkaban." "Which just shows you're as pigheaded and clueless as your beloved godfather and father were," Hermione shook her head. Harry was so damned stubborn and oblivious to his own failings. "Feel free to come say that when Malfoy dumps you on your arse you traitorous bitch," Harry sneered. "Until that day I don't want to see you again." Harry and Ron walked away, Hermione not showing any emotion. It had happened exactly as she'd thought it would, actually. The dig at Draco was uncalled for, in her opinion, and she'd lashed out but somehow she'd still managed to not sink to their level. If Hermione had chosen to, she could have let loose on the both of them. But she'd maintained control of herself and she was proud of that. %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% The twins approached her, "Our brother is a complete and utter moron." "Yes he is," she agreed. "I should go to my parents' house, get everything ready for their return. Draco should be there soon if he's not already." "So long as you're not too upset to travel," George said, looking her up and down to determine if she was okay. "I'm fine George," she assured him. "I expected this. Calling Draco a murderer crossed the line for me is all." "I get that," Fred nodded. "Give us your address. We can come visit. Get to know my hero." Hermione smiled, "I can manage that. And if you can, please take Draco's wand from Harry. Draco has a new one but I don't want Harry to have Draco's old one." George smiled, "It shall be in your custody before you know it," he saluted her. When Draco arrived at the Granger home, Hermione was already there. He smiled and kissed her, "I missed you." "I missed you too," she smiled, hugging him. "How did it go?" "Mother was surprisingly supportive," Draco admitted. "Father doesn't like it, but he didn't even insult you so it seems he'll keep his opinions to himself." "That's good," she said, relieved. At least one of his parents was willing to give them a chance. "Harry and Ron predictably reacted like idiots." "I'd say I'm sorry but I'm not. I've never liked them and I never saw that changing," Draco said, making her laugh. Draco never had an issue saying what he thought, especially regarding Harry and Ron. When the two boys angered her, Draco was always happy to hear her complain about them. Probably in part because it confirmed what he had long thought of them, but he certainly supported her. She pulled back and her eyes lit up, "Draco have I ever told you about the things I do in my bed fantasizing about you?" Draco hardened instantly, "No can't say you have," he growled, "why don't you show me?" With a grin Hermione pulled him up the stairs to her bedroom. They had so much missed time to make up. She was going to enjoy that immensely.