look at him, "Is that what you want?" "Yeah," he nodded. "It is. I just…I can't be dancing around him constantly worried I'll upset him if I do or say something he doesn't like. And I don't like how he constantly targets you. You're my girlfriend and I trust you more than I've ever trusted anyone Hermione. I reckon you're the most important person in my life." "Thank you," she smiled, kissing his cheek, "I'm honored to be that important to you Harry. And I've certainly never considered him a friend of mine. I just saw him as a friend of yours." Harry smiled and they sent off a form for his own copy of the Arithmancy book before exiting the owlery and heading to their first class of the day. Amelia Bones gazed at the letter. She saw a familiar shadow pass by her office, "Rufus! Rufus come in here." A gruff looking male auror entered, "Yes Amelia?" "I got this letter anonymously from a Hogwarts owl," she said, "it is interesting reading." Rufus took the letter to read: Madame Bones, Last year a basilisk attacked muggleborn students of Hogwarts. This same basilisk killed a student about fifty years ago as well. It was not opened by the same person. Fifty years ago the Chamber of Secrets was opened by Tom Marvolo Riddle, a student. If you rearrange the letters in his name you come up with 'I Am Lord Voldemort'. Last year the culprit was a first year student named Ginny Weasley. She was possessed through a diary that had been left by Voldemort with one of his followers, Lucius Malfoy. The girl wrote in the diary often and unleashed the basilisk on the school. Rubeus Hagrid was blamed on both occasions but this is false. For perhaps the same reason that the Minister of Magic has covered for Lucius Malfoy and his crimes, Albus Dumbledore has covered up Ginny Weasley's involvement. Hagrid has lost his wand, been expelled, and never granted a trial to prove his innocence. His only crime was befriending an Acromantula named Aragog who he subsequently released into the Forbidden Forest. Please take action to permit Hagrid to have his wand back and to get an education. He's an innocent. P.S. Sirius Black was never granted a trial regarding the deaths of the Potters and one Peter Pettigrew, who was until recently living in Hogwarts and with the Weasley family as a rat named Scabbers who was missing a toe. Why was he even permitted in Hogwarts? The rules state you can own an owl, cat, or toad. Nothing about rats. Is this more of those special rules for certain people or is something more nefarious at work? Sirius Black is permitted a trial under the law. If one was granted and the 'kiss on sight' order was removed he would turn himself in for a trial, but only to you. And Veritaserum must be employed. Rufus handed the letter back and sat down, "This person…who do you think it is?" "Personally I think it's Harry Potter." "He could use his fame to do all this," Rufus pointed out, "why do it anonymously?" "He doesn't want special treatment? He does get plenty of attention and my brother said that when Lockhart was putting the spotlight on him in the bookstore the summer before last year that he obviously disliked it. Susan says he's very quiet and keeps mostly to himself save for his few friends." Amelia leaned back in her chair, "The letter is quite vocal about the writer or writers' displeasure with this special treatment Lucius Malfoy and Ginny Weasley get. I'd wager there are two writers. His friend Miss Granger is the best in their year according to Susan. The wording is very specific so I'd wager she helped him." Rufus nodded, "So what do we do now?" "I want you to look into this Sirius Black business. If he never received a trial why is he being hunted with a 'kiss on sight' order by the Dementors? You have some political contacts that would be helpful in finding that out." "And you'll deal with the basilisk?" "I think I'm the one who can best deal with Dumbledore. This is very top secret; Fudge and Dumbledore both have allies in this department and others. Be careful who you talk to. We don't want people to know what we're up to." "And the letter writer?" "Wished to remain anonymous and I see no reason not to let them," she said. "We only have our suspicions and that's not enough proof." "I think I can deal with the Black case quickly." "Good because I'll need your help with the basilisk incidents. Rufus we need to keep that young man's name out of this. That was why the letter was written and we can only presume it was him. We have no clue if that is true or not. He might be involved in these instances, but I see no reason to mention the letter and that it might be from him." "Agreed," he nodded. He'd never particularly liked all the attention poured on 'The Boy-Who-Lived'. They'd been able to stop the production of the books of his 'adventures' through a cease-and-desist letter from the goblins on his behalf. He liked being able to do that. He'd known James Potter and Sirius Black, as they were both aurors. And he knew Lily Potter having met her a few times at Ministry events. He'd never met Harry Potter but he and a few others like Amelia Bones kept their eyes open and stopped things from afar, like the books. They just let it slip in Gringotts and the goblins were quick to act on his behalf. Looking after fallen aurors' children was something that had always happened in the department. Keeping an eye out for 'Harry Potter merchandise' was the least Rufus Scrimgeour could do but it was all he could do at the present time.