still looked guilty. Pecking his cheek in further apology Quinn continued to move closer to Charlie to see the book. However, whenever the girl would get close enough to see the youngest student would snatch it away. " Bill, there is a lot of doodles in this book that are definitely not mine." As those words left Charlie's mouth, Quinn's cheeks burnt a bright red and she stood up trying to get the book from her best friend's hands. "Looking at the handwriting and the fact that I lost this book last year they aren't all so recent." " Charles Weasley!" Quinn spoke as she began chasing him around to get the book. Other students began to stare at the duo but they did not care, Quinn had to get that book so that she knew exactly what he was on about. " Bill! Catch!" Charlie yelled to his older brother who manages to catch the flying book much to his girlfriend's misery. Holding it above his head, Bill chuckled at Quinn's new rather annoyed stance. She wasn't short, but Bill was unnaturally tall so she couldn't reach the book as he held it above her head. " I find this extremely unfair and discriminative to the only Slytherin here." Quinn spoke as she rolled eyes at Bill before sitting back on the ground in defeat. " Charlie, why is there Dora inside a heart?" bill asked as he looked at the book with curiosity. "Well unless you are hiding something from me Q." " William, when have I ever hidden anything from you?" Quinn spoke with complete sincerity and meaning. "Quinn, where did you go?" Arthur spoke as he placed a hand on her shoulder pulling her from her memory. As she turned around to face him, she realised that her eyes had begun to fill with tears, the water threatening to spill out of her lower lid. Forcefully, she wiped her eyes before Arthur could see the pools that were collecting in her lower lids. "No-where, I am tired so I stare off into space a lot," Quinn lied as she looked at the man who had given her refuge all those years ago. In his hand was a mug filled with a brown liquid that Quinn assumed was coffee. As he handed the mug to her, Quinn smiled in thanks before glancing around the room again. Almost nothing had changed since she had last been in that home, only the people that were living within the walls. Percy had finished school the year before and had already started a job at the ministry occasionally engaging in conversation with Quinn when he saw her. Charlie had moved to Romania shortly after she had she had moved out of the Weasley household. Bill had left midway through Quinn's seventh year, with much persistence from Quinn for him to leave and take the job he was offered. Other than that, the people who called the Weasley house home were the same as when she had been there, so thankfully Quinn wasn't going to confronted by the one person she had wronged the most. "I'm sorry for the mess, living with 3 boys takes its toll, especially when they play as many pranks as the twins." Arthur chuckled as moved, followed closely by Quinn, into the living room. "Like I was ever any different when I lived here." Quinn smiled as she looked at the elder with a smile on her face. "I was always making some mess or another." "But you always cleared it up." Arthur stated as he turned the lamp to the side of him on as to light the room for the woman who was planning of finishing her paperwork. "So, what is it you do as the Assistant Head of the Department of International Magical Co-operation? That is a mouthful." "That is why we call it Assistant Head of ICMF," Quinn smirked causing Arthur to nod his head at her. "I am supposed to be involved in most of the preparation of the major international events, but I mostly just deal with the paperwork." "Well, it is the loss of the ministry not you. Did you apply for the Author training?" "Yep, but I am a security risk remember." Quinn rolled her eyes at the Ministry's lack of faith that she is separate from her father. "Sometimes I wish that I had just stayed with the Malfoy's, at least then I would be able to see my brother without being glared at or risk being cursed." "Well, I am going to go and catch some sleep, for tonight I would sleep down here then tomorrow we will work out somewhere for you to stay." Arthur explained as he looked at the girl who still felt like she was intruding on the family. "Don't stay up all night, Molly will probably kill both of us if you do." "Well I will see you tomorrow Mr Weasley." Quinn smiled as she opened her briefcase and pulled out her files to finish before the next day. "Quinn, I have told you before it is Arthur when you are in this house." "I'll try," the girl spoke a slight smiled on her face as her eyes began to sparkle slightly. Watching as the elder left the living room and towards the stairs up to the rooms where the rest of the family were sleeping. Taking a seat on the sofa, Quinn began to work through each of the files in front of her. Sipping on her coffee, Quinn was beginning to feel the opposite effect that it normally had. As the time ticked past her eyes became ever heavier threatening to drop shut with every document she signed. Soon she was unable to keep her eyes open for more than a few minutes at a time, a couple of hours won't hurt , she thought to herself as she curled up on the sofa a file still in her grip.