sitting at the head of the table with a goblet full of wine. "You're back early," he commented idly, taking a sip of his wine. He barely looked at them before casting his eyes back at the table. "Ran into someone," Remus said shortly. "Anyone I know?" "Abel Torell." Sirius choked on his wine and the rest spilled on the front of his robes. He then turned towards Remus, his eyes wide, and said, "You're joking!" "Who's Abel?" Arabella asked quickly. Remus sighed and said, "I don't think this is –" "The time?" retorted Arabella. "I'm getting tired of hearing that, Remus. Who is Abel?" "Arabella," Sirius said, getting up from his seat, "this really isn't the right –" "Save it!" snapped Arabella, anger radiating off of her. "You two are going to tell me right now who he is! Who is Abel Torell? How do you know him? More importantly, how the hell does he know me ? And who's Isaak and Arry? What the hell is going on? And don't tell me this isn't the right time," she added when Remus opened his mouth. "I'm getting tired of hearing that. I want to know what's going on!" Remus and Sirius looked at each other, silently debating something Arabella was not privy to. With each passing, Arabella became more and more furious. She did not like the fact that they were hiding something from her, and now they were acting as though she wasn't in the room. She knew there was something big they weren't telling her. She didn't understand why they had to keep it away from her. It was infuriating. In the end, Sirius looked at her and sighed, "Why don't you go to your room and I'll meet you there. I just… I've got to get some stuff before I tell you." Arabella groaned and made her way up the stairs. When she reached her room, she slammed the door and began pacing up and down. Why couldn't they just tell her what's going on? She couldn't stop thinking about all the secrets – Abel Torell, Isaak, Arry… There were probably more that she didn't even know about. She was now even more furious, thinking about all the things Remus and Sirius kept away from her for all these years. She was filled with so much restless energy that she barely registered Sirius entering her room with a levitating Pensieve and a wooden chest box that fit perfectly in his hand. "What's that?" Arabella asked at once, pointing at the chest box. Sirius moved the Pensieve next to her bedside table and placed the chest box on her bed. He looked at it for a moment and then at her. His face seemed slightly haggard, as though the day seemed to age him by years. "Everything in this chest box should explain all the questions you have," Sirius said quietly. "Your mother made this for you, believing that she wasn't going to survive the First Wizarding War. She wanted to give you something to remember her by, and something to explain her actions." He glanced at it for a moment and continued. "Just tap the top with your wand and say your full name clearly. Kas also put some of her memories in there as well. You'll need the Pensieve for that. When you're –" His voice cracked for a moment and he cleared it quickly. "When you're going through them, don't be too harsh on your mother. She did the best she could." Arabella's forehead creased as Sirius left the room. She did the best she could ? What's that supposed to mean? What did Kassandra do? Arabella was now filled with a sense of dread. She had no idea what her mother was capable of. She had no idea what her mother has done in the past. But she was going to finally find out. Though the feeling in the pit of her stomach made her feel as though she should just turn around and leave the room. But this… this was what she wanted, right? She wanted to know the truth. She didn't want there to be any more lies. She didn't want to be in the dark anymore. Arabella stared at the chest box. It had golden handles with swirls carved all around it. She drew out her wand and said her name clearly before tapping the top of the box. It creaked and Arabella opened it. There were pictures and bottles with a blue-silvery liquid in them. She examined the bottles for a moment before putting them aside. At the bottom of the box was a thick envelope and inside was a stack of parchment. On the front read: Kassandra Aminta Anastas. Arabella's fingers brushed over her mother's handwriting, noticing how their A 's were the same and how the end of their K 's ended with a sort of long flourish. This was proof – proof that Kassandra had lived and that she had loved Arabella. A small tear fell down Arabella's cheek and onto the page, just under Anastas. Arabella then turned to the next page and read: To my daughter, Arabella, who I love very much. I leave this for you. In here, you will learn everything about my life. The good, the bad, and the absolute ugly. You will learn all my secrets and all the things I have done over the years. But no matter what you find in here, know that what I did was for something that I believed in. I hope you understand. Thank you so much for reading! Please tell me what you guys think of this chapter and of Abel. So far so good? And what do you think of Arabella and Sirius's relationship so far? I sort of want it to be a slow-burn of them getting used to each other and getting the awkwardness out of the way early on in this book. Tell me what you guys think!