walked in the room with Remus. They were talking about NEWTS. "Hey guys." They both stopped and looked at Harry. "Would you mind watching Scorp tonight and tomorrow night? I want to take Draco out." Hermione gave him a knowing look. "Yes I can watch him. Go get everything ready." Harry smiled and jumped up. He packed stuff for them both and floo called Narcissa asking for use of one of the small Malfoy properties in France. She agreed and he waited for Draco to get home. Draco came in to see Harry leaned against the door in a tight t-shirt and jeans. "Why hello Potter. Someone is looking delectable today." Draco looked him up and down. Harry hooked Draco by the waist and pulled him to him. "Go say good bye to Scorp. You and I are going on our Honeymoon." Draco shivered at the husky tone in Harry's voice and nodded walking into the living room and kissing Scorpius before saying his good byes to Remus and Hermione. He walked back to the front hall and back into Harry's arms. With a small pop the two of them appirated to the villa in southern France. Draco let go and looked around. "Where are we?" Draco asked. "Your mum bought this place for us. It is a vacation villa." Harry walked to Draco pulling him into a heated kiss. Draco was stunned but returned the passion he was getting from Harry. The larger man backed the blonde into a wall and pressed against him. Harry's tongue was probing Draco's mouth making him whimper with the combined sensations of Harry against him and his hot kisses. Harry moved from Draco's mouth and started pressing open mouthed kisses down his throat and to his collar bone. Harry started at the buttons of Draco's shirt and pushed the fabric off of the pale shoulders so he could nip at them. Draco was melting under his bonded. He laced his fingers in Harry's hair and pulled up his head for another kiss. "Harry." He panted locking eyes, green and silver meeting. "Bed. Now." Draco breathed before kissing Harry again. Harry lifted grabbed Draco's thighs and lifter him. He walked out the French doors next to them to a soft bed under the afternoon sun. Draco was lost in Harry's touch. The burning kisses were travelling down his body pausing to abuse the sensitivity of his ribs and nipples. "Fuck Draco I missed this." Harry came back to his mouth and captured it in a searing kiss. Draco pulled the black shirt over Harry's head momentarily separating them. Draco's hands roamed his husband, raking his nails over his back and gasping into Harry's mouth as the man grabbed his hips the right way. Harry sat back on his heels and groaned at the sight before him. Draco's thin lean body was stretched beneath him. His hair was like a halo around his head and his skin was flushed. Harry could only see thin white lines that were the remains of the stretch marks their son had cause and the muscled stomach was making a comeback. Draco caught Harry's gaze his eyes blown with lust. His chest was heaving. Quickly harry removed their belts and impatient he vanished the rest of their clothing. He pressed against the man beneath him and they both groaned at the contact of their arousals. Their lips locked again and each trailed a hand down to the other's members. Draco whimpered when Harry's hand wrapped around him. "Merlin Harry." Draco put his face against Harry's neck and breathed breathy moans as the man stroked him roughly. Draco's body began to tense. "Harry I need you. Now!" Harry stopped pumping Draco's cock and whispered a spell that made Draco gasp and slicked his fingers with lube. He pressed one finger into his love and felt Draco fight the urge to tense below him. Harry pressed his lips to the blonde's and started to push in and out. Draco's glorious whimpers were making Harry even harder then he already was. He added another and began to scissor in and out of his wanting hole. Draco let out a strangled cry, clutching to Harry's shoulders and he threw his head back. Harry grit his teeth and pressed another finger into his partner. He bent and started biting at Draco's ear lobes. "God I can't wait to be inside you. I want to see you melt." Draco reached down and grabbed Harry's cock and stoked it with a firm grip. "Harry now." Draco aggressively as he guided Harry where he needed to be. The Chosen One lifted the pale legs around his waist and put them over his shoulders. He pressed into the tight ring of muscle and groaned as he sunk into his husband's tight heat. "Gods Draco." Draco didn't let him finish though as he grabbed Harry's neck and pulled him into a searing lip lock and Harry fully sheathed himself in his lover. The blonde bucked against him and Harry started a brutal pace, slamming in and out of Draco as he writhed beneath him. Draco was calling out Harry's name while the brunette pounded against his prostate. Draco arched off the bed and Harry hooked one arm under him to hold him there as he fucked up into him. Draco let out a silent scream as he came between them. Harry thrust a couple more times as Draco clenched around him before groaning and empting himself into Draco. Harry rocked in and out of him softly a few more times before pulling out and lying beside the blonde. Draco was gasping still and he grabbed Harry's hand as it brushed his own. "I love you Harry James Potter." Harry sucked in a breath, "I love you too Dray." Harry was thankful they were outside the slight breeze felt wonderful on their heated skin. Harry pulled Draco into him. The man curled up with him, kissing him softly, before passing out.