would not be happy, at least not to begin with—he loathed the Granger girl only slightly less than he loathed Harry. But would it be worth it? For Harry, for the war, for the girl herself? Two of those questions were simple, answered as soon as contemplated. As Miss Granger had noted, Harry did far better in the company of his friends than without them. Miss Granger in particular seemed to be a steadying influence on him, and her brains could only be an asset. As for the girl herself, all of this was feasible only because she was muggleborn. Magical parents—and records of their children, just as importantly—were extremely risky to manipulate. But for a muggleborn, both family and official records would be far easier to hoodwink. And as the girl herself had suggested, it was conceivable that life in the magical world could become very difficult for a muggleborn, if Voldemort ever attained the upper hand. So there were large potential advantages to the girl herself, large enough to justify cutting her off from her family and interrupting her life. But her effect on the war effort? On the stability of the family that would need to be built? That was harder to say. Dumbledore was inclined to think that she might be a moderating influence between Severus and Harry (at least once Severus acceded to her presence), and strategically he liked the thought that her intellect could be made so directly available to two of the key pieces on the board. Impossible to say with any certainty, of course, but he rather liked the odds. While the headmaster considered, Hermione Granger sat still in the chair before his desk, hands clasped tightly in her lap. Her anxiety was evident in how tightly she clasped her fingers and in the way she bit her lower lip, but she did not fidget, nor did she press him (as, it must be admitted, she would have done even a year before). While the headmaster's mind rushed through possibilities and details, likelihoods and logistics, her mind focused on a single point: he hasn't said no yet . He hasn't said no yet . Finally, Dumbledore spoke. "I cannot make any promises now because there are arrangements to be made involving others than myself, so you must not say anything to Mr. Potter. But your arguments have merit. I will see if the arrangements can be made." "Thank you, Sir," she responded quietly. Her eyes blazed, not with joy but with triumph and determination. "Do not thank me, child. The road you ask to walk will not be easy." His eyes twinkled as she opened her mouth. "Of course you did not think it would be easy when you asked, I know. But your gratitude is unnecessary, all the same. Now, can you arrange to have yourself ready and everything that you would like to keep with you packed in your trunk by Tuesday morning?" "Yes, I think so. My parents will be at work—they've planned our holiday abroad for later in July." "Excellent. It will not take long to discover whether my plans can be rearranged to accommodate you. If we are able to include you, you will leave your current life behind on Tuesday. Understand that you will not be able to keep your current possessions with you—the risk is simply too great—but they can be stored in safety for your future use." He paused, watching to see how the girl took such immediacy. She swallowed, but responded calmly: "Very well." The headmaster smiled. "One other detail. I will have to construct a simulcrum to take your place, so it would be helpful if you were to make two copies of everything you write by hand between now and then. The copies will be consumed in making the simulcrum, and will help to give it depth and a more believable semblance of life. They need not be neat, but they must be in your hand." Hermione nodded. "Yes Sir, I've read all about them. Simulcrua absorb knowledge, opinions, and feelings from writing in the subject's hand, and are able to converse about subjects and people mentioned in the writing used to make them. Is there anything particular that I should be sure to write?" "Letters to your friends and a start on your summer assignments should be adequate. But be careful not to write anything that so much hints at Harry's going into hiding or the possibility of your accompanying him, whether for the simulcrum or otherwise. The risk is simply too great. Do you understand?" "Yes, Sir. Of course." "Very well. Thank you for coming to see me this evening, Miss Granger. Given the lateness hour, I think you would do well to floo back to your Common Room. You will be able to reverse the spell if I disillusion you before traveling through the fire, yes?" "Yes, I disillusioned myself for my walk here this evening." "Very prudent, Miss Granger." The headmaster smiled broadly, the lines in his face slightly less pronounced than they had been for several days. "I look forward to seeing you on Tuesday." # # # So it was decided: Harry Potter and Hermione Granger would be adopted—by blood, in the old style—by Maureen O'Malley and Severus Snape, becoming their children legally, magically, and physically. An audacious ruse, to be sure, but so preposterous that it had a reasonably high chance of success. Severus complained about Miss Granger's inclusion in the plan, of course. He didn't like the Granger girl, he'd never made any promises about keeping her safe, et cetera. But when pressed by Dumbledore, he grudgingly admitted that Granger and Potter together were likely to be slightly less irritating than Potter by himself, on the grounds that (1) they could entertain each other, and (2) Granger (unlike Potter) could be reasoned with. He wasn't happy, but he was so accustomed to Albus prevailing in their disagreements that he made only token complaints.