the handler pulled her roughly to her feet, and she wrenched violently against him. "Can't lift a starved prisoner on your own," the other scoffed as he headed to aid the first. She fought them both, but they quickly managed to drag her up and lurch her body towards the exit, her feet scraping against the stone floor. The fear she felt intensified. She screamed. She tasted the blood before she actually felt the slap across the face. She stayed quiet for a moment, letting them lead her to whatever atrocious fate they had planned for her. But when they rounded the corner, she thrashed with all her might against their relentless grip, it was the furthest she'd ever been from her cell! "Come on, you." The handler gave her arm a rough twist and her skull collided against the stone wall, and she heard an audible snap in her wrist. After that, she stayed limp, resolved not to make things any worse than she already had. Vaguely, she became aware of the colors changing. Whereas, before there was only fortified stone walls, high as the eye could see, now they were richly painted, and her eyes widened in disbelief as she felt her battered toes brush against marble. She had never been here, not even in the before; of that she was sure. Her eyes darted around of their own accord, taking note of the sconces on the wall allowing her to make out colors that were foreign to her. They assaulted her vision, and she felt so overwhelmed—she might faint. Soon, the hands carrying her weight released her, and she crumpled onto the floor. "For Salazar's-sake, did you have to be so rough with her?" The voice was sharp, but distinctly feminine; she found she liked the voice. "Put up a fight, she did, Miss." "I'm no Miss," she sneered in disgust. "I'm Lady Malfoy, and I'm disappointed you two oafs did not possess the fortitude to levitate her down here. I expect that may exceed your magical ability?" The woman, Lady Malfoy, did not wait for them to speak. Instead she knelt to the ground and carefully reached for the prisoner's hand, pulling her tentatively into a sitting position. She hissed at the pain in her wrist, and Lady Malfoy let go abruptly. "You did this to her," Lady Malfoy snarled at the handlers. "Brackium Emendo," she said, pointing a wooden stick at the girl's injured wrist. To her surprise, the two bones shifted and mended themselves. Lady Malfoy looked back down and spoke gently. "I won't waste time with niceties or ask you if you're alright; it's clear you are not. Instead, let this be a small comfort to you—Hermione Granger—I'm taking you home." ~oOo*oOo~ "Draco, young Draco." Voldemort paced stealthily around his large office. "I'm quite surprised by this request." Draco attempted to calm his breathing and adapted a mask of impassiveness. "Though there is no doubt Miss Granger is the Mudblood of all Mudbloods, she is a prisoner of war, and one that has caused us all much grief. She has proven a danger whilst working for the Order and even when first incarcerated in Azkaban. Do you know she first managed to escape?" Draco nodded stiffly. "Yes, she was much trouble. I worry at the prospect of granting her freedom." "My Lord, you must not consider it freedom," Draco said silkily. "Merely a shift in incarcerations. For my manor will be a fortified prison." "A luxurious one," Voldemort said, placing a long, pale finger on his chin, deep in thought. "I beg your pardon, my Lord, but that is simply not so. I will make sure she deplores her captivity." "But why Miss Granger? Last I was informed, she was but a shell of her old self. I doubt she will be cognizant of the change." "My Lord, I was a student with Granger for six years. There are…traits, I would admire in my future heirs. I will admit, she did best me in many subjects during school, a fact of which I'm ashamed of. Her magical capability—Transfiguration and dueling—were par none. And if I have to sully my blood, I'd best do it with the Muggle-born that will help me produce powerful witches and wizards. I don't want to risk having squibs." Draco swallowed quietly, noticing by the red gleam in Voldemort's eye, he had told the dark wizard what he'd wanted to hear. Voldemort stroked his chin in contemplation, then resumed his pacing. "She's skin and bones, I hear. Likely, she will not be fit to birth heirs for you." "It's nothing my mother cannot handle, my Lord," Draco countered smoothly. "I'm sure she can get Granger fit physically in no time." "If lasting damage hasn't been done." "If I'm unable to put my child in Granger's belly, she can go back to Azkaban, my wife or not." Voldemort arched what would have been his eyebrow at this. His gaze on Draco intensified, and Draco stilled himself for what was coming, already prepared. When he felt the brush of Legilimency, it was light and focused. Draco let Voldemort see what he wanted to see, not breaking the Dark Lord's stare. A small smile appeared on Voldemort's face and the longer he looked into Draco's eyes, the wider it got. "An old school rivalry." He let out a grating laugh. "How marvelous. I do see, young Draco, that you do wish to secure yourself magically sufficient heirs, but there is also a desire to torment your former nemesis." Draco nodded. "Well, in that case, I do seem to remember granting you permission to ask of what you desire, after proving yourself at the Astronomy Tower, and then again at the Manor when you identified the Golden Trio. Now, glimpsing your mind, I feel like I would be remiss to not grant you this wish. You have my blessing." Draco smiled wickedly, displaying his teeth, as Voldemort's sadistic face gave into laughter. ~oOo*oOo~