this together. Where's Sirius?" "It's okay, Lily, they got him. The Aurors came for him last night. He'll be in Azkaban by now," Remus assured her. Lily recoiled from his embrace. "No!" she shouted. "No, Remus, you have to be lying! He can't! I told you not to let him go!" "What are you talking about?" Remus asked, confused. Lily was aghast. "He's innocent, Remus! We switched Secret Keepers. Peter betrayed us, not Sirius! We have to get him out of there!" Remus looked bewildered. "But...but why? Why did you switch?" Lily's face lost its panic and assumed a decidedly guilty look. She looked up into his blue eyes with sadness and a bit of fear. "You thought it was me." It was a statement, not a question. "You thought I would betray you to Voldemort. You thought I was a double agent. You thought it was me." Lily was crying again. "I'm so sorry, Remus! I am!" "It's okay, Lily," Remus soothed, hugging her again but still feeling shocked. "I forgive you. The important thing now is that we free him. Fast." Lily nodded. "But how?" she mused, pulling away from his hug and sitting down at the table. They sat in silence. "There are two ways to do this," Remus finally said. "Legally..." "Which could take months or years in the middle of a war," Lily interrupted. Remus acknowledged this with a tip of his head. "...or, well...extra-legally," he finished. "You mean break him out? Of Azkaban?" Lily asked shakily. Remus looked nervous, too. "Let's save that as a last resort," he said firmly. Lily nodded dumbly. Silence reigned again for a while. Then, Lily stepped in with, "I'll go talk to whoever's in charge of Sirius's case." She stood and headed for the door. "Lily, wait!" Remus called, realizing something with a start. Lily stopped with her hand on the door. "What?" "Peter's not stupid," Remus reminded her. "He's going to suspect us of doing exactly what we are doing. That makes you a target." Lily's hand dropped to her side and she gazed open-mouthed at Remus, realizing his point. "You don't think I should leave the house until he's caught," she accused. "That's ridiculous." She would have gone on, but Remus stopped her. "No, no, I just don't think you should go looking quite so..." "'So' what?" Lily demanded impatiently. "Well, for one thing, you're wearing half-burnt up clothes under an old dressing gown," Remus pointed out. Lily glanced down at herself. "I suppose you're right," she said glumly. "Do you have anything I can borrow?" Lily swept out of one of the Ministry fireplaces wearing a pair of Remus' old robes. They hung loosely and were cinched closed with a belt. She approached the visitor's desk. "Lily Potter?" asked the receptionist excitedly. "You're alive! The whole world thinks you're missing. Did Sirius Black kidnap you? Who saved you? What—" "I'm here to see..." Lily checked the slip of parchment in her hand, "Bartemius Crouch." She completely ignored all the questions and the gathering crowd. The receptionist handed her a name tag and waved her toward the lifts. Upon exiting the lifts, cameras were flashing in her face. Reporters were waving note pads in her face. She pushed through the crowd, murmuring "No comment, no comment," every few seconds. She knocked hurriedly on the door labeled 'Crouch,' and entered without waiting for a response. Barty glanced up from his desk and looked her up and down with his eyebrows raised. "Come in, Ms. Potter," he said dryly. "I was being hounded by reporters," Lily responded in explanation. Then she sat down across the desk from him. "Sirius Black," she said simply. "No need to worry, Ms. Potter, he is locked up in a high security cell in Azkaban as we speak. Constant supervision by dementors. He is paying for the death of your husband and child." Lily took an involuntary breath at the idea of her friend in the constant presence of soul-sucking monsters. "No, no, Mr. Crouch," she protested. "He's innocent. I swear. We switched Secret Keepers. It's Peter Pettigrew you want." "Yes," Mr. Crouch said calmly. "That's another thing to add to the charges: the kidnap and Confunding of Lily Potter." He made a note on a slip of paper on his desk. "I'm not Confunded!" Lily screeched, outraged. "I'm the only sane one here! Sirius doesn't even get a trial?" Crouch up at her. "We are in the middle of a war, Ms. Potter," he said, patronizingly slowly. "We cannot afford to give every blatantly guilty defendant a fair trial. Black is guilty. If I were you, I would see a Healer about that curse he set on you. Good day." Lily was outraged. "How dare you speak to me that way? I just lost the love of my life and my only child and you say 'good day?' No! I insist you bring Sirius Black back to the mainland immediately!" "Ms. Potter, I am a busy man. Voldemort is stronger than ever and I am trying to save every Knut for the war effort. I have mounds of paperwork to go over. If you continue to refuse to leave, I will call security." Lily stood stubbornly. "As you wish," Mr. Crouch sighed. He raised his voice. "Raj, get this woman out of here. See to it she doesn't speak to the press. Thanks." A burly looking security guard entered momentarily. He took Lily's arm and pulled her as gently as he could toward the door. Lily was glaring daggers at Crouch, but he took no notice. The guard escorted her up the lift and to the floo. "Remus Lupin's residence," Lily announced, stepping dejectedly into the fireplace. Remus looked up from his book when the flames of his fireplace turned green. "How did it go?" he asked, getting up to take her cloak and help her sit down. "We're breaking him out," Lily announced grimly. (A/N) Welcome to the story! Read on!