true anyway. Besides the next major event where any Slytherins will actually be in attendance is the Annual Victory Celebration in August. We've still got a month to improve your skills." Ron grumbled under his breath. "I'll make it worth your while," Hermione bribed. With a final swish of his wand, the new table was complete, and Ron slumped onto one of the benches. "You'd better," he admonished. "If you don't, we're going to have some words about it." "Right," Hermione said, smirking. "Words." 5 September 2000, Malfoy Manor "You proposed to Loony Lovegood?" "Don't call her that!" Blaise snapped angrily. "She's not crazy!" Draco held up his hands in the universal sign of surrender. "Sorry. Old habits, you know?" Blaise shook his head. "I really love her, Draco. She's got this absolutely shiny outlook on life, and it really rubs off. I like indulging her stranger philosophies because it makes me laugh. I never used to laugh." "I know," Draco sighed. "Neither did I. I still don't." "Do you think you'll be happy with Astoria?" Blaise asked, concern written on his face. "I've no idea. I barely know the witch. If I had a choice, I wouldn't go through with it, I don't think. I'm really dreading next June." "When's the big day?" Blaise asked with a rueful smile. "June thirtieth." Draco frowned and slumped even further into his armchair in the drawing room. "At this point, I'm planning to get through the day by staying well-plied with Firewhisky." Blaise scratched the top of his head. "Luna's going to be gone for a few months with her father on an expedition to find twitty-headed bambalots. We figured summer next year would be good for our wedding. What if we had them together? Would that make it less horrid for you?" Draco stared at him, perplexed. "Twitty what?" "Forget about the likely nonexistent creature, Draco. Did you hear what I asked you?" He nodded serenely. "I think it's very generous of you to offer. I'd like nothing better than to run out on the damn wedding, but since I have to go through with it, having you around would make things a lot easier." "Whoa. Don't go getting all Hufflepuff on me," Blaise said, leaning away from him with a look of disgust on his face. Draco chuckled. "Go to hell, Zabini." "That's more like it." After a short pause, Blaise added, "A Zabini-Malfoy double wedding. It'll be the event of the century." "You make it sound like we're the ones getting married," Draco said, looking scandalized. Blaise pouted. "I'm not good-looking enough for you?" Draco rolled his eyes. "If I said no, would you change the subject?" "No." "Then yes, you're far too ugly for my tastes." Draco smirked triumphantly. Blaise moved to perch on the arm of Draco's chair. "But Draco," he purred, "we're so compatible. Why should looks make a difference?" Draco shoved him to the floor. "Knock it off." Blaise frowned at him from his perch on the floor. "Hey, that hurt." "No it didn't," Draco mocked. "Did so. It hurt my pride." "What pride?" "You know, I'm not actually sure friends are supposed to treat each other like this," Blaise said thoughtfully. Draco smirked. "Like what?" Blaise shrugged. "Like we hate each other or something." "It's all in fun," Draco claimed. "We both know there's not malicious intent behind the insults, so it's fine." "In that case, I'll proceed with my observation that you, Draco Malfoy, are an insufferable and spoiled git, and you wouldn't know a good thing if it hit you between the eyes." "What's that supposed to mean?" Draco asked, raising an eyebrow. "Just that you seem so intent on being miserable about being forced into a marriage with Astoria." Blaise became uncharacteristically serious for a moment. Draco frowned. "What?" Blaise sighed. "Does it have to be such a bad thing? Why call it a failure before it's even begun?" "The whole point is that it's not my choice, Blaise!" Draco emphasized. "I know. I understand that it feels like every decision has already been made for us. Unless we want to wind up on the streets without even our names, we do as we're told. I get it. But rather than feeling bitter about things we can't change, why not make the best of it?" Draco watched his friend for a really long time before responding. "Then how is it that you get to be with someone you love? Weren't you supposed to marry Millicent at one point?" Blaise let out a short, humorless laugh. "Fortunately for me, it was merely a verbal agreement. It went to the grave with my mother." "Wait, what? Since when is your mother dead?" Draco gaped at his longtime friend. "About a month ago she drank herself to death, which is rather difficult when one has magical blood. Quite the accomplishment, really." Draco shook his head. "Don't you care? She was your mother! How is this not affecting you right now?" Blaise narrowed his eyes. "Who says it's not? Maybe I just deal with death differently than you do." "Still…I like to think I would feel at least the smallest bit sad if my father were to drop dead right now." Draco shrugged. "As if. I'm fairly certain nobody will miss that man," Blaise chuckled. "Touché. I suppose nobody will miss your mother, either. She had quite the reputation for being a hussy." "Really?" "Hadn't you noticed?" Blaise rolled his eyes. "I tried really hard not to." "I think you failed to notice a lot of things in your pursuit to forget your mother's transgressions," Draco sneered impishly. "Go to hell, Malfoy." "Wasn't that always the plan?" Blaise laughed loudly. "I suppose it was." Draco shook his head and stood up to fix himself a glass of Firewhisky. Without asking, he prepared one for Blaise, and the two friends sat down to a game of Wizard's Chess. The alcohol always made it twice as fun.