before Harry managed exactly what he wished dearly not to do. He had burnt the bacon, toast, and eggs. Seeing this, Uncle Vernon's face turned a bright scarlet, his unsteady breathing ragged with rage. Indifferent to the burn marks that had appeared on his nephew's arms and face. It was at that moment that Harry knew, it wouldn't just burn that would be added to the ever growing collection that was his frail little body already carried. ~Line Break~ By the time his punishment was over, Harry was ready to pass out. He didn't have the energy to react to the pain as the whip struck at his bare stomach for the 30th and final time. As Harry fell from his hanging position on the door, his Uncle painfully took hold as he threw Harry into his broom closet, Breaking every bone in his legs against the door and its frame. That gave way with a sudden and very loud CRACK, as the wood broke at contact with Harry's bare legs, leaving numerous splinters stuck into it. Harry couldn't feel the pain but could see how twisted and mangled his legs were. A pointed end of a bone struck through his flesh and skin. Vernon stood glaring at the doorway. 'You are not leaving this house until you have paid your due slave!' He roared. As the days passed, Harry initially found the situation to be an improvement. However, as life wore on Harry became weaker and thinner. By the end of the month, he became dangerously malnourished and found himself scarcely able to crawl onto his bed to sleep. Before this punishment, Harry had least gotten a little food, some bread, and water, or whatever was left of Dudley's dinner, provided there was any. Occasions, where the whale left any food on his plate, were few and far between. Harry was close to death and barely able to move. His aunt would only bring him meager scraps of food and a glass of water once a day. This was definitely insufficient for a growing eleven-year-old, let alone a heavily abused, malnourished one. Harry was removed from his cupboard only when his Masters and Mistress needed him, and he no longer had his dignity as a human being, nor the ability to use his legs, treated as nothing more than a dog. He did his best to drag himself along by his hands or faced being pulled along by his brand new collar and leash that was strapped around tightly around his neck. His clothes were now in tatters from punishments when he was unable to accomplish the often impossible tasks set for him. He expected no one to save him, or even know of him. As far as he could tell, his life was merely one demeaning task after another and a ready supply of punishments. Thus, he was shocked one day when someone did come. At the time, it was merely 7.00am in the morning, far too early for any of the Dursleys to be awake. Only Harry was sitting in his cupboard, savoring the hours till he had to crawl out of the cupboard and complete his tasks. Pg.7) He heard the doorbell ring, an oddity in itself. None of the neighbors used the doorbell, actually, none of them ever came to Number 4. Loud thumps, ah here comes Master. A creak, that was the door opening. And then, faint voices that he had to strain to hear. "Whaddya want, woman. It's too bleeding early." His uncle's slurred words had a distinct tinge of annoyance to them. "Hello, are you Mr. Vernon Dursley? I am here to see Mr. Harry Potter." A high, clear and vaguely feminine voice rang out. "Potter? Who's that? There is no Potter or Harry here. Shove off, I mean to go back to sleep." "Now look here Mr.-" A loud slam of the door, and the voice was cut off. His uncle's footsteps began to move back towards his cupboards. As they reached his cupboard, he heard a blast, then a single word. A red light flashed through the slits of the cupboard. And then there was silence. "Such a rude man. Now, where is Harry." There was another flash of light, white this time, and then he was glowing . It was blinding, in the near total darkness of the cupboard. A crack, and then the cupboard doors were thrown wide open. Harry squinted, unused to the brightness of the light outside. It hurt his eyes. He tried to crawl out but fell flat on the ground. He looked up, hearing the woman gasp. She twirled her stick at him and he flinched. Then, he felt his eyes drooping. Soon, he was asleep. And the nightmares stayed away. ~Line Break~ McGonagall was furious. In fact, furious didn't even cut it. She looked down at the unmoving visage of the broken boy in front of her. Those ... those animals . Gah! If she had her way with them, they would all be little pigs eating slops out of the trough. How could they treat their nephew like that? She could see scars, so many scars, marring his skin all over. His legs...they were broken. She had cast a spell on him, to make him sleep. She wasn't very good in healing, but she tried her best and a few little wounds began to close up. The bigger ones however...she couldn't deal with them. Dumbledore had told her to keep it quiet, having suspected something like this...which means that she couldn't go to St Mungo's Hospital. It was too public. Where to go, where to go. Aha! Cradling him carefully in her arms, she apparated to the only private clinic she knew of, Tonks Clinic. Hey, guys, it's Arkilos and Lux the beta here. We're working hard to give you some decent reading material, but we can't read your minds, so leave us your thoughts. ( In reviews of course :P )