single drop of her cum out of her mouth. It proved a challenge, Ronnie came enough to fill her mouth and force her to swallow twice. Once Ronnie was done cumming, Harri pulled back and opened her mouth, showing Ronnie that it was full of her spunk, using her tongue to slosh it around a bit before closing her mouth and climbing up, straddling Ronnie with her legs. She brought her lips to the dazed Ronnie's and pecked her on the lips first, then used her tongue to force the redhead's lips open. From there, it was not too difficult to feed the redhead her own cum. She swallowed it eagerly, clearly in a bit of a daze but enthusiastic nonetheless. Harri smiled and sat down. "Did you like that baby?" Harri asked. "Yeah, that was bloody awesome!" Ronnie said, groaning a bit as Harri began to grind her panty clad bum against the redhead's still erect prick. "Ooh, that feels good..." she muttered. Harri giggled, before climbing off and kneeling before Ronnie once more. "Hm... we've given your prick plenty of attention, but I think your pussy needs some service too~" Harri said, before placing her hands on Ronnie's knees. The redhead allowed them to part and spread her legs, Harri pushing her until she was spread at a full one eighty, to admire the redhead's bare pussy. She hadn't even begun to grow hair. How wonderful, Harri mused, that she got to see a virginal, prepubescent pussy like this. Then again, Harri mused, it was wonderful to get to see any pussy not her own. She let her hands slide down Ronnie's smooth, thin legs until they rested on the part of her thighs that was just a finger's breadth away from her buttocks, and applied a bit of strengt to lift her legs until Ronnie had her knees on her shoulders, her face framed by her legs. "Thank you for the meal, Ï'm gonna eat you up now~!" Harri said, as she once more dove down, this time assaulting Ronnie's pussy. Harri attacked with fearless abandon, first giving Ronnie a big lick from just above her butthole to the base of her prick, scooping up pussy juice as she went, before she opened her mouth fully and planted an open kiss on Ronnie's cunt, her tongue going as deep as it could and running all over Ronnie's pussy searching for more sweet honey. Ronnie exploded into moans when Harri's pussyhound tongue found a particular bundle of nerves on the upper parts of her cunt, and Harri giggled, causing her tongue to vibrate inside Ronnie. It didn't take long for the redhead's cock to explode in a celebratory shower of white as she came, but that didn't get Harri to stop servicing her newest friend. If anything, she redoubled her efforts, releasing Ronnie's legs and instead lifting her butt, so she was with her shoulders and head on the cushions, while Harri looked down on her from above. Ronnie seemed to wake up a bit, and looked a little nervous about the position, but she shouted in pleasure as Harri decided to erase any sort of conscious thought by sealing her lips around Ronnie's clit and sucking it very hard. One of Harri's hands managed to sneak around Ronnie's leg and grab firmly onto her cock, though Harri had to use only her thumb and pointer to encircle it, and began wanking her, while the other caressed her butt first and then dipped one finger into Ronnie's honeypot. Like this, it didn't take long for the redhead to cum. Indeed, it didn't take her long at all to cum again, and again, and again, until she was covered in white and her body simply could not produce any more semen, and her cock, though erect, was red and clearly begging for the attention to stop. Ronnie groaned and Harri laid her down on the couch, before swooping down and laying kisses all over her body, licking up semen as she went, until she reached Ronnie's face and began outright lapping it up like a dog. Ronnie was, however, unconscious. "Thank you for the treat, darling~" Harri said, once she'd cleaned off Ronnie's face. She planted a peck on her forehead and a final, more involved kiss on her mouth, almost surprised when Ronnie's tongue instinctively responded, licking at the invader into its domain. Harr pulled back and giggled, standing up and ignoring the cum-covered surfaces of the compartment. "Well, that was fun, don't you think so darlings~?" she asked, turning to the compartment's open door and giving a smile and a cock of her hips to the three girls that stood there. All three of them already had the uniform on. Two of them caught Harri's attention first, tall and broad shouldered as they were. She looked down on each and saw that they both sported sizable erections, larget han hers, and she already smiled. They were not what you would call pretty and cute, instead, they were closer to handsome, with strong jawlines and a build closer to that of a man's than a woman. Not exactly an amazionian, well muscled beauty, but they had a charm all of their own, in Harri's eyes. Meanwhile, the girl between them was rather short one, very petite indeed as she was shorter than the already short Harri. She was platinum blonde, and Harri did think that her hair eclipsed any precious material in how beautiful it was, almost white, long and looking so smooth that she wondered if semen would slide right off. Her eyes were gray, her face was red with a flush, and she was panting through open, luscious lips. She had no breasts to speak off, and her buttcheeks, from what Harri could see, were barely swells. She looked like she was the youngest there by a long shot, and her penis was comparable to Ronnie's. Harri licked her lips. "Do you want to play too~?"