and casting another hex, "I don't worship the ground you walk on." "Who says that they do?" "It's common knowledge, you daft idiot!" I'm not sure where this is all coming from. It's completely out of character for me to act this way with anyone. "Do you think that you would be able to do half the stupid crap you pull if they didn't think you were some sort of god?" "I don't ask them to!" he defends, dodging another of my spells. "You don't have to!" I feel the adrenaline pumping through me. It's probably to blame for my behavior at this moment, but I can't stop. "And you don't try to stop them! You just go around doing whatever the hell you want and not caring who's affected and how." I pause briefly, pretending to catch my breath and Potter smirks triumphantly and sends a hex at me. I throw up a Shield to deflect the blow and am pushed back a few inches at the force of it. I make eye contact with Potter and throw on a smirk of my own as I remove the Shield an instant after his attack and immediately counter. " Stupefy! " I watch with no little satisfaction as Potter realizes he has been duped; that he has lost. And to a girl. My spell hits him in the chest and sends him flying backwards several feet, unconscious. Raucous applause and cheering breaks out around me and I realize the entire class stopped their own duels to watch ours. I blush causing my already flushed face to redden further. Every fourth year in Gryffindor and Ravenclaw just watched me take down the James Potter. Weasley is leaning over Potter with a smug grin on his face saying something to him. Weasley must have revived him while I wasn't looking because Potter flips him off and sits up rubbing his back. "Excellent work!" Professor Gaines arrives at my side and places a wrinkled hand on my shoulder. "I've never seen a finer duel from fourth years. Many fully qualified wizards cannot perform that well." Potter walks up to us and extends his hand to me, again. "I gotta say, Blount that was something." I take his hand and shake it firmly. "Thank you, Potter. You didn't do too bad, yourself." The crowd of students starts breaking up and returning to their own seats. Professor Gaines pats my shoulder twice and makes his way back to the front of the room. "I would like to thank Mr. Potter and Miss Blount for such an impressive display." Potter winks at me and gives me a thumbs-up as we sit back in our seats. "I want to take the rest of our time today breaking down the different strategies each of them used and the advantages and disadvantages of each." Gaines flicks his wand at the chalkboard and the piece of chalk starts writing on its own accord. "First, Miss Blount's Shield-Return strategy…" Another poke in my left side brings my attention to a rather bemused-looking Potter propping his head up on his desk with his left arm and facing me. "I didn't think you would be that good," he whispers. I raise an eyebrow at him. "Is that supposed to be a compliment?" I whisper back. "Because that sounds more like an insult, to be honest." Potter smiles and closes his eyes for a second. "Sorry. I just didn't take you for the dueling type. You usually are so reserved." "You just don't know me well enough to know what type of person I am." Potter nods, conceding the point. We don't say anything for the rest of the class. Class lets out twenty minutes later and I pack my belongings back into my school bag and sling it over my right shoulder. I turn to leave, but Potter grabs my arm. I look to him questioningly. "I'm sorry if I ever did anything that made you angry," he says to me, awkwardly. He's obviously not used to apologizing. I can tell his apology is sincere, even though he doesn't know what specific event he's apologizing for. I give him a half-smile. "Thanks. I just really don't want to have to wash jam out of my hair, again." His eyes widen in realization and he gives a little laugh of disbelief looking at the desk he was just sitting in. "Bloody hell," he says, rubbing the back of his head bashfully. "Sorry." He looks up to me and smiles. "Why'd you let me sit next to you if you were so annoyed with me?" I shake my head. "I have no idea," I admit. "I didn't want you to, but I guess my desire to not come off as rude trumped my annoyance in that moment." Potter's stomach growls loudly and we both look at each other. We burst into laughter simultaneously. "James!" someone calls from the doorway of the classroom. We look towards the door trying to stifle further giggles and see Roger Thomas looking confused at the two of us. "James, I'm starving. Can we please go to lunch, now?" Potter looks back to me. "Do you mind if we eat lunch with you today?" he asks, smiling widely. I stare at his hopeful expression for a second. He's waiting expectantly, hands in his pockets and wild hair sticking up in every direction. Is this real life? Did James Sirius Potter just ask to eat lunch with me? Only half an hour ago I was throwing curses at him with everything I had and now he's asking to sit with me like we're friends. I stunned him and left him on his back on the floor! Honestly, I'm less surprised with the fact that he wants to sits with me than I am with my thoughts on the situation: I actually want to sit with him. I return his smile. "I don't mind at all, Potter." His smile widens. "Call me James."