bother his grandmother's owl. Her owl was just as obstinate and unfriendly as she was. Harry and Neville had searched the store together. Neville was almost instantly drawn to a gold and white barn owl with a perfect heart shaped face, he ended up naming him Alden. Harry wasn't so much drawn to an owl as claimed by one. The moment he stepped around one of the aisles a lovely snowy owl had swooped down and landed on his shoulder and nipped his ear playfully. The witch working the counter had stared at the owl in shock before saying, "I'll give you a great deal on that one if you take her, she's been a menace and you are the only person I have seen her not try to attack if they got too close." Harry had smiled, "I'll take her, and whatever else I need to care for her." He looked to the owl while stroking her downy chest feathers, "I will have to think long and hard on a name for you, an owl as smart and beautiful as you deserves an amazing name." The owl had preened in response. Buying their owls had been their final task and the fast friends had been forced to say their goodbyes, promising to sit together on the train. It had been a month since they had seen each other, though they had written. Neville turned and smiled, "Hey Harry, how are you?" "I'm great Neville, how are you?" "I'm excited." Harry turned his attention to Neville's grandmother and bowed his head slightly, "Good morning Lady Longbottom, how are you doing today?" She raised an eyebrow, "I am very well Mister Potter, thank you for asking." She looked to her grandson, "Why don't you and Harry get your things settled on the train?" "Thanks Gran," Neville turned to follow Harry, who had started pushing his trolley toward the train but stopped. He threw his arms around his grandmother's waist, "Thanks Gran, I'll miss you." "Good bye Neville, make me proud." Augusta Longbottom watched her much more confident grandson walk toward the train. For some reason she wasn't so afraid of him failing anymore. Perhaps Harry Potter was just what he needed to find his inner strength. The Sorting: "Potter, Harry," called the stern professor at the front of the hall. The hall went absolutely silent for a moment and then the whispering started. The entire population of Hogwarts watched a fairly tall, well-built first year with messy dark hair and bright green eyes walk toward the front of the room. Wasn't Harry Potter supposed to have glasses? He sat and the hat dropped over his head. And they waited. Slytherin was ready to sneer as the 'golden boy' was sorted into Gryffindor. Where else could the savior of the wizarding word be sorted. Of course, if he was sorted into the house of snakes that would be brilliant. And they waited. Ravenclaw was attempting to show disinterest; fame and fans would be a distraction for their house after all. Of course, the Boy-Who-Lived should want to learn all he can so that he wasn't just famous for living past the age of one, right? And they waited. The Hufflepuffs were excited. Another first year to teach and welcome. It didn't matter to them where he went as long as it was the best place for him, and being Puffs they would welcome anyone with open arms, even THE Harry Potter. And they waited. Gryffindor was electrified. They were barely seated; many were prepared to jump up and cheer when their new house mate joined them. This was Harry Potter after all. If anyone was a Gryffindor it would be Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived. His parents were Gryffindors and nearly all of the Potters had been Gryffindors before them. Heck the only ones who weren't had married into the Potter family. He just had to join them. And they waited. The teachers were stunned. Harry Potter a hat stall? Perhaps the wizarding world was wrong to assume he would be just like his parents. The head of Ravenclaw thought that perhaps the boy would take after his mother and be a brilliant student, which would make him perfect for his house. The head of Slytherin house was praying to any and every deity he could think of, though he did not believe in any, that the boy was not sorted into his house. He would wait and see before he judged him though. The head of Hufflepuff house just smiled; good, now people would stop seeing the boy as some overly powerful chosen savior instead of an eleven-year-old boy. The head of Gryffindor was both nervous and happy. Yes, she wanted Harry in her house, but she wanted him there because that was where he belonged and because it was where he would find acceptance. The Headmaster was seething. He told that blasted hat that Harry Potter was a Gryffindor. Everyone knew that, so why was it taking so long? The boy had a role to play after all. And they waited. The students were beginning to shift in their seats. They couldn't start talking, they might miss it, but just sitting and waiting was starting to fray their nerves. You could even see some of the Slytherins starting to crack. And they waited. The first years yet to be sorted were starting to worry. What if the hat took so long they didn't have time to sort the rest of them? And they waited. The hat shifted, and the occupants of the hall all leaned in closer. "Better be…" Hello all. For those of you reading this for the first time, welcome and I hope you enjoy and sorry for the cliffhanger. 2/4/2017: I am going through, with the help of Doomspark Deathfire, and reediting all of my chapters. I was more than a bit embarrassed by my errors, so sorry all who read the story riddled with mistakes. Asphodel Wolf.