several times before he could choke out, "What do you mean?" barely above a whisper. "They exist. They happen. Soulmates ." She ran her fingers through her long red hair distractedly, and Theo had a hard time tearing his eyes away to focus. "Not for everyone, of course. Actually, it's exceedingly rare these days. It used to be very common among Purebloods though. Not," she added hastily, "because of their blood status , but because of the blood magics they used. What do you know about them?" Theo thought back on the tales his mother had told him as a child before her untimely and sudden death. "The old Pureblood families invoked a blood magic that would show them, upon contact once both parties were of age, their 'rightful match' or soulmate. Their thinking was that by forging these matches they would be ensuring the strongest possible Pureblood lines. They called it Quem Anima Mea Cognoscit ." Claire nodded. "Precisely. Of course, the wording used in the original ritual simply asked for a mark to be placed upon the Pureblood soulmate of each member of each family. The Pureblood soulmate. And only the Pureblood families were involved in the blood ritual. I imagine there were many, many shocked and outraged families when their sons or daughters never found such a mark among their peers because they were actually destined to be with those of, for lack of a better term, 'lesser blood'. Over time, as more and more Purebloods married outside of the Pureblood lines, the marking of soulmates became rare almost to the point of extinction. Sure, there are still the Sacred 28 'pure' families, but none of them have married a soulmate in countless generations. Most of them think that the magic has simply diminished after all these centuries. Or at least, that's what they tell themselves. The truth of it is most likely that they've denied themselves true happiness by marrying within the Pureblood lines simply for the sake of duty. If the original casters had included those of all blood statuses and even Muggles in their spell, well, I'm willing to bet a lot more Purebloods would have found their true soulmates." Theo shook his head in awe. "How do you know so much about this?" "I like to read." At his raised eyebrow she let out a laugh. "Also, my great-grandmother was a Seer. She told me when I was a little girl that she saw me with a happy future. 'Your eyes will be bright and full of life and love, and the love that is marked as your own will last for eternity.' Naturally I wanted to learn everything I could about them, knowing what she'd Seen." Theo stepped closer to her, his eyes wide with wonder. "I've felt it all this year. A… pull. A never ending awareness of you whenever you're near. You've felt it, too, haven't you?" he asked softly. He raised his right hand to her cheek and slowly stroked her soft skin with his thumb. This should all be unbelievable and even terrifying, but it was far from it. Nothing had ever felt more right or made more sense. "Of course I have," she answered. Theo dropped his hand from her face and took a small step back, allowing her to raise her left hand between them, palm out. He knew what came next. Taking a deep breath, he slowly brought his own left hand up, hovering just millimeters from hers. Their eyes met, and as one they linked their fingers together. Instantly a rush of heat surged through them and a soft golden glow concealed their joined hands from view for several long seconds. And then it was gone, leaving behind only a tingling sensation and a beautiful, pale filigree design surrounding the ring fingers of each of their hands. Claire gasped softly and traced the patterns on each of their skin with her other hand, and as Theo watched her he saw exactly what he knew her great-grandmother must have seen: eyes bright and full of life and love. "They're beautiful," she whispered, and the smile that graced her perfect lips nearly stopped his heart. He tore his eyes from hers to study the marks. "They become golden once there is a Bonding Ceremony, don't they?" he asked, and how crazy was it that he was discussing bondings with no fear or hesitation? "Yes, they do." He met her gaze again, and it was like coming home. Like everything he never really knew he'd wanted had suddenly been placed right in front of him. Keeping their left hands linked between them, he cupped her chin with his right and finally kissed her, softly at first, but she was having none of that. She put her free hand on his hip and pulled him toward her, deepening the kiss, and Theo decided that every second he'd spent this year not kissing Claire Green had been a second completely wasted. Eventually they broke apart, both panting slightly. "We should probably get back to the dance," he said breathlessly, and he fought to remind himself that he was a gentleman, and he wasn't even really technically dating this girl, and- "Theodore," she interrupted his thoughts. "Your manners are admirable, but honestly, I've been waiting months for you to make a move - which, if I must remind you, I finally did myself - there is an empty Slytherin common room and dorms, and I've just linked with my soulmate. Sod the dance." It took Theo's mind several seconds to kick back into gear, but when it finally did he smiled broadly. "As you wish, my love," he said and offered her his arm, leading her out of the classroom and back through the castle toward the dungeons. Claire Green is my soulmate , he marvelled. Well, stranger things had happened. END **Quote in bold is from the TV series "Shadowhunters", based on The Mortal Instruments series by Cassandra Clare.**