old man in front of his eyes was trying to fool him by speaking kindly in order to capture him more easily. He didn't trust his words because a man with honest intentions wouldn't have pursued him through half the city like an assassin. Therefore, he didn't lower his vigilance in the least. A frown marred Dumbledore's face at Harry's behaviour but he would let it slide this time. With the boy's upbringing and his current state of mind, it was not like anyone could ask anything from him. Dumbledore was about to say something but, apparently, not having replied immediately made the boy even more distrustful of him. At that moment, two large slabs of concrete came at him at a very high speed and rotating with a great velocity. Instead of getting angry, the old wizard was actually studying Harry's skill with a poorly masked expression of amazement on his face. The degree of control over the Levitation Charm that the boy in front of him was displaying was very hard to achieve even by a full fledged wizard with a wand, let alone a child and wandless! Even Tom Riddle had not shown such a skill when he was a child! Dumbledore was sure Voldemort had not been permanently defeated and that, one day, he will return. Yes, when that time comes, there will be the Child of the Prophecy, Neville Longbottom to save the day... But what if the Boy-Who-Lived failed? After all, the prophecy stated that the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal...and that means that the final outcome could go either way. Therefore, the question that remained was: what if the Longbottom boy failed in his task? What if Voldemort won? What would be left of Great Britain in the aftermath of his victory? Dumbledore did not want to even imagine that! And as he watched young Harry's astounding skills (for his age), an idea bloomed into the old man's head... The fact that Harry was wildly throwing large chunks of debris at Dumbledore seemed like it had no effect on the old and experienced wizard who never even dodged any of the projectiles aimed at him, choosing instead to simply Vanish them with barely noticeable flicks of his wand. When Harry saw how the old man in front of him was swatting away his attacks as if they were nothing, panic engulfed him and he began to lose control over his magic, finding it harder and harder to use his 'telekinesis' as the time went by. In his paranoia-affected mind there was only one thought: ' They have sent a mutant after me. Everything I throw at him is useless, what should I do?!' While Harry was getting desperate, unaware of his turmoil, Dumbledore continued to ponder on the idea that had just appeared into his mind: the skill in magic that Harry was displaying was something that would make even 4th year students at Hogwarts feel pressured. Such a genius should not be wasted. What if he shaped the boy to be the contingency plan for the situation where Neville Longbottom didn't manage to fulfil his destiny? Glancing at the boy in front of him, Dumbledore could not help but scoff at the idea of Harry having been born without magic. It was a crazy thing to even imagine that such an once-in-centuries-seen-genius could have been a squib at birth! Unless... ' Those cunning Potters!' Dumbledore mentally exclaimed in both surprise and amazement 'They had actually purposely declared their child a squib as to make people pay as less attention as possible to them. It was almost as if they had known about Sybill's prophecy before it has even been made! And since Voldemort had heard as well that young Harry was a squib, he naturally went instead for the Longbottom family's son.' After a few good minutes of continuously hurling debris at Dumbledore, Harry finally lost all his energy and collapsed on his fours on the ground with a thud. Sighing in relief that he didn't have to forcefully restrain Harry or worse, even hurt him in order to be able to talk to him, Dumbledore began to approach him at a moderate pace as there was no reason to needlessly increase the boy's anxiety – if that was even possible. Seeing the old man steadily approaching him, Harry sighed in frustration and sorrow. In a few moments he will be killed, or worse, become something akin to a slave, one of those 'lab-rats' on whom scientists were doing experiments on, like he had often seen in comics – yes, Harry envisioned such a life as being worse than death. Harry's thoughts were becoming darker and more sombre the closer Dumbledore got to him. But when the tension almost made Harry reach the breaking point, from the pendant he was still tightly clutching in his right hand, a warm sensation emerged and he felt like he had just been engulfed into the comfortable and loving embrace of a woman. Harry didn't remember ever being held like that, but if he ever imagined how a mother's embrace felt, then the feeling he was experiencing in that moment was the closest thing to it that he would ever get to feel. Gradually, Harry's heart calmed down and the adrenaline washed out of his system. The magical exhaustion and the physical tiredness resulted from his previous actions finally kicked in and Harry fell into unconsciousness. AN: As you have seen, those Marvel references only served to Harry getting acquainted with the idea of him possessing extraordinary abilities. They also shaped him into becoming a tad distrustful and paranoid, but he will learn the truth in the following chapter and he'll start attending Hogwarts like any other first year student. (1) "Highway to Hell" and "Stairway to Heaven" - couldn't help myself, lol (I'm not an English native and I don't have a beta either. Sorry for any mistakes I may have made)