been tasked with keeping you safe, and I'll be damned if something happens because I wasn't here. Personally, I don't care all that much, but my job depends on it. We both know that if anything were to happen to you, I would be sacked in a heartbeat." He explained heatedly. They glared at each other. Hermione thought over what Malfoy said and begrudgingly admitted that he had a point. If anything happened to her, the blame would be put sorely on him, whether or not he actually had anything to do with it. She backed away. She would let him have this one. Just this once. Sighing, she asked "So what exactly is it that you're supposed to be doing?" "I was planning on putting up some protective wards, but it seems as if this place is already extremely heavily warded. You always were an over achiever," He said, rolling his eyes once more. "Well then it looks like there's nothing for you to do. So I think it's time for you to go now. I have someplace to be, and you need to leave." "In case you forgot Granger, I'm your bodyguard, and that means that I'm supposed to be guarding your body at all times. Tell me, how am I supposed to do that if I'm not with you?" "Just sod off Malfoy, you and I both know that you don't want to be 'guarding my body' anymore than I want you to. Besides, I haven't even written anything yet, so I'm confident that I'll be safe for one night," She stated exasperatedly. "Fine, but if you get killed tonight because I wasn't there, then just know it's your own fault." "Fine!" she shouted, apparating to Harry's. "Please tell me you have that liquor I asked for?" she asked hopefully, as soon as she appeared in Grimmauld Place. "THEY SACKED YOU?!" Harry shouted, disbelief coloring his face. He summoned a bottle of wine and glasses. "No, I wasn't sacked, but it's…worse." She said, taking the glass of wine he handed her and drinking it all in one go. She held out the glass for another. Harry and Ginny looked at her in shock, they rarely saw her drink. "How could it possibly be wor—" Ginny started to say before she was interrupted. "I have to work with Draco Malfoy." She blurted out, thinking it would be better this way. "You're funny Mione, but what is it really?" Ginny said. "I'm not joking, and it gets worse." "Worse how?" "Well…you know how I was nervous because my boss wanted to talk to me about something today? Ends up she offered me a promotion of sort, but it's very dangerous, so they assigned an Auror to basically be my bodyguard, which means he has to be with me at pretty much all times." She winced, waiting for the outburst, but it never came. Harry and Ginny stared at her, surprised. Harry knew how rare it was to assign an Auror as a bodyguard so he knew the level of danger she had been put in. "You know, I work with him quite often, and he's really not as bad as he used to be." Harry said consolingly, "I'm not saying we're suddenly the best of friends, but he's a good Auror." "I know he is Harry, but you're not the one who practically has to live with him," she exclaimed, sipping on her wine. She knew she was letting her irritation and memories of schoolyard bullying rule her emotions, but she couldn't seem to think clearly when it came to him. "Have you told Ron yet?" the red head asked nervously. They knew he would never want any harm to come to Hermione, but he had a famously bad temper, especially when it came to Malfoy. Hermione was dreading telling Ron. He had always hated Malfoy more than she or Harry did. With his temper she had no idea how he would react. "No, I was hoping that maybe you two could tell him with me to soften the blow." She replied. "Of course we will Mione. The sooner we tell him the better, you know how he hates being the last to know," Harry said. "Yes, I was thinking we could go out to lunch tomorrow. Maybe if we're in public he won't make as big of a scene. Probably not, but it's worth a shot." Hermione suggested. "We'll be there," Ginny promised. "I just hope we catch the Death Eaters soon so I can escape that ferret," She said miserably, pouring her third glass of wine. She didn't drink often, but when she did, she meant business. "Oh Hermione." Ginny said, hugging her. "Don't worry it'll be alright, Harry and I will come by as much as possible." "Oh no Gin, I don't want you two going out of your way to help me, not with the baby and everything." "We won't be going out of our way at all, you're our friend, and besides it'll be fun grossing Malfoy out with all of the baby talk. I can tell him about labor and everything!" "You're vicious Gin, but thanks. Both of you, what would I do without such great friends?" "Oh Mione, you would still have great friends, they would just be in the form of books," Harry teased. "Thanks Harry that makes me feel loads better." She muttered sarcastically. "Anything to help." He grinned. They spent the rest of the night catching up, teasing each other, and avoiding any mention of Malfoy or work. Hermione thought it ended up being one of the best dinners they had in a while, but that could also be since she was quite trashed by the end of it. Harry helped her home, not relishing the hangover she would likely have in the morning. She climbed in to bed and fell asleep quickly, momentarily forgetting all about Malfoy and Death Eaters, but it would soon come rushing back. -