in shock. "They're cursed wounds James," Remus explained gently. "She's... I don't know how to explain it, her blood smells like Greyback, and she's part wolf but part... not. He must have attacked her right before she came here." "She's infected?" Sirius asked, dropping to the floor next to Lily. "She's not infected," Remus snarled. Sirius and Lily exchanged a nervous look. "She's... It's not the full moon and she... she doesn't smell like one of my kind, just... similar. We have to check her for bites, obviously but... I'm certain that she's not-" He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "She's not like me, or Greyback." Beside him Remus heard James let out a deep breath and then with a wave of his wand the girl's tattered jumper and the shirt underneath were vanished. She was so thin, nearly skeletal, and Remus could have counted her ribs on sight if he'd felt like it. They all cringed at the sight of her malnourished body and the various scars that marred her skin. There were more wounds from Greyback, deep, ugly gashes on her right shoulder that would never fully heal. He heard Lily gasp and followed her gaze to the girl's left forearm where someone had carved Mudblood into her skin. He flinched at the sight of the angry letters and had to avert his gaze to the rest of her to keep from vomiting. She had a deep, purple scar that ran up the left side of her torso, starting just beneath her breast and ending near her hip. There were smaller, less painful looking wounds, silvery scars from what Remus would assume were from slicing hexes and a few angry looking burn scars as well. He saw the faint glimmer of magic over her stomach, something he never would have noticed without his heightened senses, and he waved his wand over her body and whispered a finite. One the concealment charm was lifted there was no missing the small, telltale swell of her abdomen. There was a deafening silence in which none of them even dared to breathe before Lily leapt into action and began running diagnostic spells. "I think..." Lily said, he voice shaking violently. "I think everything is okay, the spells say that both she and the... baby are healthy." James took a deep breath. "Lily, she almost-" "I know," Lily interrupted him, her eyes wide. James shook his head. "No, you don't," he insisted. "He gave her the chance to step aside and she-" He groaned in frustration. "She told him that if he wanted to hurt us he would have to kill her." He stared at her, his eyes wide and full of tears. "She was willing to sacrifice her life for us. She was willing to sacrifice their lives for us." The desperation in James' voice was so thick it was amazing that he didn't choke on it. "Mr. Potter, would you like to tell me what happened here?" They all jumped at the sound of a new voice in the room. They turned, wands drawn to see Dumbledore standing in the doorway of the living room. James nodded, looking somewhat reluctant. "We were sitting on the couch watching Harry play with his dragon toys when Voldemort came into the house. I was getting Lily and Harry out of the room and up the stairs when there was this crazy breeze and a hole opened in the ceiling and she fell out of it," he explained, his eyes raking over her face as he spoke. "She got up and the next thing I knew she was dueling with him, she didn't even hesitate, she took one look at him and started throwing Avadas and Crucios. "He was playing with her, he could have killed her anytime, she was bloody good but you could tell he was better, he told her that she could step aside and she refused. That was when I finally managed to get my hands on my wand and I tried to stun him. The moment he took his eyes off of her she dropped her wand and used the sword to cut his head off." Dumbledore's eyes were drawn to the sword. "She's a Gryffindor," he said absently. "What makes you say that?" Sirius asked in confusion. "Do you know her?" Dumbledore shook his head. "I admit I do not remember her time at Hogwarts," he said sadly, "but only a true Gryffindor can wield the Sword of Godric Gryffindor. She must have proven herself worthy, in her time." Remus frowned at the Headmaster's obscure phrasing. "In her time?" he asked uncertainly. He studied the old wizard carefully, feeling unnerved by the calm sort of indifference with which he held himself. "This evening, as I was speaking with Professor Trelawney, the seer who delivered to me the prophecy that described the possibility of Harry being the one destined to destroy Voldemort, she delivered to me yet another prophecy," Dumbledore confessed. "A prophecy that spoke of the Chosen One's failure, bringing about the reversal of time and a reluctant heroine called the Traveler who would end Voldemort's reign and save us all." Remus looked away from Dumbledore and let his eyes fall back to the girl. "She's from the future?" he asked, not quite believing what he was hearing. "I believe so, yes," Dumbledore answered. "I also believe that we should move our new friend to somewhere she can receive medical attention." Remus nodded in agreement, eyeing her open wounds in concern. "I think the hospital wing at Hogwarts will do for the time being. Lily, you and James will need to stay here and give your statement to the Aurors. Sirius, you and Remus will come with me, if you please." They all nodded and Remus lifted the girl into his arms, not wanting to use a levitating charm but not fully trusting Sirius not to drop her. He followed Dumbledore through the floo to Hogwarts.