lot like he's just reading from a list. "And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death." Harry smiles, about to laugh, but then he sees the look on Malfoy's face, "What? He's not serious." "Teachers are very serious creatures." Malfoy smirks, "And I've heard enough stories about the forest not to doubt the chance that something may have gotten in. Maybe they just have it locked up there until someone can take it back to the forest during holiday. That way there's less of a chance of someone getting hurt and the headmaster's reputation being tarnished." Harry nods in thought. It does make sense. "And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song," exclaims Dumbledore. He gave his wand a little flick, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, spinning words into the air. Harry only mouthed the words as others sang. It seemed like the song focused on learning things, assuming you lost knowledge over the summer. An irritated, snort-like noise came from Malfoy, "If they want us to learn and keep information, then they should let us practice outside of the school." He sees Harry's confusion, "Oh. Didn't you know?" The sarcasm in his voice was evident. "You're not allowed to use magic outside of Hogwarts until after you graduate." Harry shakes his head, "What? But Hermione just told me on the train that she's done nothing but practice over the summer, and she fixed my glasses too. She said a lot of spells work for her." Draco is quiet for a moment, and Harry wonders if Malfoy feels as behind in magic as he does. "They don't punish first years, as they often haven't been told the rule yet." His eyes stare down at the table, "I also imagine they think that first years will become excited to learn if they try a few spells they may not have learned until months later if otherwise." Suddenly, Harry notices people standing, lining up to leave, "Where are we going?" "We're expected to go to our dorm and stay there until breakfast tomorrow, although many choose to sleep in until class starts instead." Harry stands, "What if another announcement needs to be done?" "Announcements are made during dinner, which is seen as required but you won't get into trouble if you decide to skip it, let's say to turn in early or do homework instead." Harry nods and as soon as he knew it, they had arrived and entered the Slytherin common room. It was long, and the walls and ceiling were made of stone. Green lanterns hung from the ceiling by chains, and a few high-back chairs surrounded the fireplace. On the right of the fireplace was a sloping concrete floor, and above it a green banner read Girls in silver. Harry looks to the left of the fireplace and sees it's the same for the boys. "Come on," exerts Malfoy and so Harry, as well as Crabbe and Goyle, follow him down the candle-lit hall. There were signs on the doors indicating which year the dorm belonged to, but it seemed that the oldest years were towards the common room and the younger years were put in the back of the hall. The doors were also so spread out, Harry found himself bored and exhausted by the time they finally reached their dorm. Harry found his things placed in front of a bed, so he assumed it to be his and had sat down upon it. However, he had only been sitting for a moment when Goyle comments, "I think there's been a mistake. We should switch beds." Harry gives a questioning look, but before he can ask questions Malfoy responds, "No. It's fine, Goyle." "But Draco, your father—" "I don't care about my father," Draco interrupts. "He's too cautious. I've finally gotten away, or at least as away as I could get, so I'd like to make some of my own decisions. Thank you very much." He turns and sees Harry's confusion, "My father has made quite a few enemies over the years. He's afraid I'll get hurt." Harry sees the two large, almost strong, boys claim the two beds on the other side of Draco's, "So, what then? They're your bodyguards?" Malfoy shrugs, "I would like to believe they're my friends, but I know my father well enough to wonder if he just paid them to be." Harry nods, although he's still having a hard time grasping the idea, and then he takes out his potions book to study. At first it seems that Draco doesn't like to be ignored, but after some time he's going through his own items and explaining to Crabbe and Goyle that he needs to come up with a scheme to become most well-known student of his year. Harry hears him say, "Not to steal your thunder or anything, Potter." "No. Of course, not." Harry looks up from his book for a moment and notices Malfoy scribbling on a piece of parchment. It was all he could do not to distract from his studies and get involved in whatever they were saying, but he forces his eyes back to the book anyway. I don't know how I'm supposed to remember all of this. It's just a big list with extended paragraphs on what is used for a specific potion and what properties the ingredient gives off in that specific potion. The more he reads, the more Harry realizes that an ingredient's properties can be altered just by adding different items to the potion. All of this was frustrating him so much and giving him a headache that although he hadn't realized it was already really dark, he was gratefully glad that he could put it away and just get to sleep. This must be the best bed I've ever had.