he was throwing off. She didn't care. She was craving his touch. "I need you Remus. All of you." Around them faintly pink lights began to dance, celebrating their success. -0-0-0- Remus woke up with her sent in his nostrils and her taste on his tongue. She was still sleeping- spooned into him- using his bicep as a pillow. Her hair was wilder than normal, and he couldn't resist burying his face in it. He almost didn't want her to wake up, he didn't want to know if she regretted last night. He certainly didn't. "I can hear you thinking Mr. Lupin." She whispered teasingly. "I was just wondering what we do now." He kept his voice low as well. "Well, normally I don't apparate to the nearest clearing for all night shagging on a first date." Remus snorted at her blunt attitude. "I'm really not sure what we do now." She fell silent. "Do you regret it?" He held his breath and waited for her answer. Once the words were out, he wished he hadn't asked. She thought about it for some time before answering, "No. No, I don't. I had already been hoping we would get to this point in the future." Relief flooded him. Things had quickly spiraled out of control last night. He felt positively giddy. Hearing that her thoughts aligned with his own made the next step easy. "In that case," He turned her in his arms. "Would you do me the honor of accompanying me to dinner this evening?" He asked with a roguish smile. Hermione let a giggle slip out. Here they were, completely sky-clad, and he was asking her out to dinner like a gentleman. "That sounds delightful good sir." She moved her hands to his hair, pulling him down for a kiss. Might as well take advantage of the situation. She thought, keeping their lips pressed together as he rolled them. -0-0-0- "Where did you and Remus get off to last night?" Ginny asked, catching Hermione sneaking into the Burrow. She had been lurking in the kitchen, waiting for her chance to pounce. "I- we- it's really-" Hermione struggled to find the words. She had been honest when she told Remus she didn't regret their actions, but she wasn't sure how to tell Ginny what had transpired. Thankfully she was saved by the heavily pregnant Luna waddling into the kitchen. "She was celebrating her youth and sexuality with Remus." Luna announced. Or not. Luna seemed not to notice Hermione's bright face or Ginny choking on her coffee. Ginny rounded on the still frozen Hermione. "Is it true?!" She screeched in excitement. "Ginny! Hush! You'll wake the whole house! Get me a cup of coffee and I'll tell you what happened." Sitting down heavily, Hermione conceded to the inevitable. Ginny wouldn't leave her alone until she got the whole story. She told them about the botched jump, and how they suddenly seemed to need each other. She left out the details, but told them that she and Remus had parted with plans to do dinner that night. "One thing I don't understand is why we felt the need to…" Hermione tried to think of a tasteful way to describe her previous night's activities. "Shag the daylights out of each other?" Ginny leered, eyes bright with mirth. Hermione narrowed her eyes at her teasing friend, "Yes, that. He's a good looking man, but I've never fallen into, well, it wasn't a bed…" She trailed off, flashing back to the clearing. She shook her head to clear her thoughts, "I've never done that with a man so fast." "That would be the love bugs." Luna's serene voice explained. "Love bugs? Luna, I won't say they don't exist… but aren't they a February thing?" She had learned long ago not to argue what creatures were actually real with Luna. Hermione seemed to remember hearing about love bugs often around Valentine's Day. "No, people seem to think so though. What good would they do in February? They help people find true love on Beltane. Remus must be your true love. Good thing you completed the hand-fasting." Luna stated in a no nonsense voice reminiscent of Molly. She then started rubbing her belly and humming, tuning out Hermione's protests. "Well?" Ginny asked her. "Well what? Ginny, this is ridiculous. We had a good night. A great night, and we are going to see each other again. That's it. Don't read anymore into this." She warned, pointing her finger at Ginny. Before Ginny could say anything else, an owl flew into the open window, dropped a letter in front of Hermione, and left. Distracted she opened the letter without reading who it was addressed to. Owls didn't make mistakes. Upon finishing the brief missive from the Ministry, Hermione's vision went fuzzy, and she instantly developed a case of vertigo. Logically, Hermione knew that fainting was brought on by emotional stress, it was also something that had never happened to her before. So this is what it feels like… she mused, right before her world went black. Ginny jumped when her friend's head fell to the table. "Hermione!" she rushed over to Hermione's side. Luna stopped humming to watch. "I think she fainted." Ginny told the blonde, watching as Luna read over the post that had caused Hermione to pass out. "I think I would faint too if I found out my name was now Hermione Lupin." Luna offered the letter to Ginny. Smiling dreamily and looking out the back window she started humming again. A/N Okay, not my best, but it doesn't want to do anything else. If you're wondering, yes those are real tarot cards and meanings. I've decided at some point in the future that I will in fact turn this into a chapter fic. I already have some of it started. However, I really don't want to try and update this until I finish either Plan W or Fame, Love, and Motherhood. Thanks for reading!