voice losing all menace, his palm sliding along the girls trembling back. Harry felt like they forgot he was standing there. Not that he minded… much. Clearing his throat he got Pansy's attention, Malfoy was still staring at the hot chocolate that apparently wasn't fancy enough for him to drink it. Snob. Harry swallowed his petty arguments, I survived Fergus McKlinge, I can easily survive Draco Malfoy. "Potter. We're not used to believing, anyone's pro-promises, " she was still bawling her eyes out, but she seemed pretty coherent for the mess she appeared to be. Bloody Slytherins. "Well, what else can I do?" Harry flopped back down in the chair, unhappy with how his evening was going. He remembered certain blond somebody promising to write his potions essay, but it seemed inappropriate to bring up now so he bit his tongue. "If I had wanted… revenge or whatever you're so worried about, I could have not testified," he said tiredly. How can they think I would do something like that? Then it dawned on him. They don't know me . Seemed stupid enough, but it was pretty simple. People often had the wrong presumptions about him. He had been acquainted with these two for roughly seven years, but they didn't really know him. The Gryffindor grunted and rubbed his eyes, only then realising he had disrupted Pansy's stammering chatter. She looked at him with big dark eyes. "Sorry… I just..." he forced himself to not grunt again. He wanted to talk to Ron and Hermione, they would surely have a better solution, but they weren't here. "I might have an idea." »»-¤-«« " Merlin, Potter!" Draco didn't want to lose, his composure any more than he already had, but… "I knew you had a limited ability to translate people's actions in to their intentions, but this is out of line!" at least, his voice was back to appropriate-to-talk-to-Potter tone. He felt Pansy trembling against his side, it filled him with clammy fear all over again, it clung to his ribs and was fighting for the first place in the list of things that scared him. Pansy had almost died – killed herself , because she was scared shitless of Potter. Potter. The saint do-goddy Potty. And now the hero boy , had actually suggested… makes me sick to even think it. "I don't know, Potter," Pansy was looking at Potter with her familiar brown eyes. What wasn't familiar was the utter desperation shining in them, Draco hadn't seen it because she hadn't been talking to him much for the past week. Before that he had only noticed flashes of tiredness, fear and regret now and then, nothing so deep. Or she was much more capable of hiding things from him than he had been aware off, or he had been distracted… but in any case, it was his fault. He should have been there. Concentrate on the matter at hand, Draco. Pansy seemed to think his preposition over. Draco looked at her feeling a sinking feeling. She can't seriously be considering… THAT. "Look…. I don't like the idea as much as you, but… I don't know how to otherwise prove that fearing me is a ridiculous waste of energy." Oh, sweet Merlin, release me. Potter is doing something he doesn't want to, how mortifying for him I'm sure. Good thing he has his Gryffindority in place to ensure he does the right thing , Draco thought, hoping his glare conveyed what he thought. Judging from the clenching of Potter's jaw it did. "Being friends…" Pansy echoed, Potters words. "Seems alien, doesn't it, Draco?" "Yes, Pansy. And I can assure you, I will not be doing that while I am sane or even remotely conscious, or, come to think of it, even my dead body would like to stay as far as possible from friendship with Potter. " "No hard feelings, Malfoy, I want nothing to do with your snobbish-arse either." "Well, when that's out of the way, could we go?" he asked, flashing his teeth at Potter in the driest smile possible and really addressing Pansy, nudging her softly. "Draco…" she sighed. Draco stilled, felling that he was not going to enjoy what she was about to say. "I am tired," she stated. "It's okay, let's go back to the common room… I will rub your feet and prepare a hot bath… just the way you like it," he said, hating the sound of his voice. Pleading . Second time today. When she feels better, I will get her for this. Draco felt his cheeks heat up as he felt Potter's eyes on him. Pansy's tired resolve in her words not helping in the slightest. "I am tired of living in fear… first You-Know-Who, now him… I can't do that anymore," she put her hands around Draco's frozen fingers, but he didn't move. How could he? His best friend was leaving him for the saint Potter. Draco dropped Pansy's hands from his, rising from the couch sharply. He steeled his heart against her begging eyes. "I believe I have reached my limit of bullshit for a whole year, but I need to go to class tomorrow, so I need to at least sleep," his voice was ice cold, his throat burning, or it was his eyes, he wasn't sure. "Draco, please… don't be such a melodramatic princess, it's not like I am stopping being friends with you, if I just attempt fr-friendliness with Potter." Melodramatic?! Who the hell was melodramatic? Not Draco that's for sure. "Just use protection!" he bit as he exited the Kitchens with a loud bang. He didn't wait to see if Pansy would follow him, he knew she wouldn't. She had made her choice, and if that was Potty over the magnificence of Draco Malfoy, it was her bloody loss. Damned Potter! The fact that he had all the wizards of England licking his ugly shoes wasn't enough, he had to take my only friend. »»-¤-««