froze when she heard footsteps and voices enter the terrace. "Come on, Malfoy. It reflects poorly if you and Pansy don't even attempt to engage in mixed company all evening. There are plenty of perfectly handsome women here, many of which are standing on the sidelines, waiting for a gentleman to ask them to dance." She recognized that voice. It was Zabini. Hermione pressed herself against the wall, hiding. Thankfully, she was in an alcove, so it was unlikely they'd catch her listening unless they came around the corner. "That may be so, but I don't feel quite up to the mood to making small talk with country witches. You're wasting your time out here lecturing me, Zabini. Best to go back inside and see how many more dances you can have with Miss Weasley before the night is over." "She's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Not just beautiful - funny, and kind. She's well-mannered and even-tempered and interesting. I don't think I've met anyone like her, Malfoy. I certainly haven't felt like this for anyone else before." She could hear a frown in Malfoy's drawl. "Unfortunately, it appears you've been revealed as the victim of Cupid's bad, winged aim tonight. It's just as Pansy suspected. She won't be happy." "Oh, forget about Pansy. I saw the way you looked at Miss Granger. I daresay she's witty enough to keep up with your unpleasantries and put you in your place," Blaise chuckled. "She's quite agreeable herself." "Her manners are unorthodox," Malfoy agreed. "And she is clearly intelligent, for a Mudblood. As of her looks, they are tolerable, but not enough to tempt me." Hermione gasped silently. Malfoy quickly changed the subject, as the music stopped and the faint applause rang throughout the hall. "The song is over. If you desire another chance to bask in the presence of Miss Weasley, you'd do well to hurry. You're not the only man with eyes on her tonight." She heard their footsteps retreat, and their voices become quieter. "Don't you dare mock me, Malfoy – but I think she fancies me," she heard him say, softly. "Zabini, she's a Weasley. Their estate - if it should even deserve the title - is named the Burrow . It's in her best interest to fancy you. Her and the other sad, desperate women at this ball." Hermione waited to hear more, her rage silently boiling, eager to hear what Blaise would have said to his friend after such undeservedly cruel words. But there was nothing. They had gone back inside. ooo Ginny's eyes were far away as she very slowly brushed her hair, as if in a trance. Hermione chuckled to herself, entering their bedroom. "You, my dear friend, look ridiculous." Ginny blinked, lowering her hairbrush. "Do I?" "Yes," Hermione confirmed. She got into the covers beside her friend, her own hair loose and in frizzy, untamed curls. It was a relief to be out of that corset. Even with all of the enchantments and charms Hermione had applied to make wearing a ball gown less torturous, a corset was still a corset. Even magic couldn't change that. "You've had that silly smile on your face since we left Netherfield. If I recall correctly, a certain Mr. Zabini was also wearing one of similar happiness." Ginny's brows furrowed, suddenly concerned. "Do you truly believe he liked me, Hermione?" "Ginny," she said. "The poor fellow stumbled over his feet while he danced with you because he couldn't stop staring at you long enough to focus. It was dreadfully obvious. It's lucky he's so rich or his reputation as a love struck man would spread far and wide in town and would surely wound his fragile masculinity." Her face softened. "Hermione, you know that wealth has never been something I actively sought in a man—" "Which makes it all the more convenient for you to find such a happy match in Mr. Zabini. It's very clear that he has done what many men have tried and failed to do – he has captured your elusive affections." Hermione smiled. "Of course, it's only obvious to me. I'm privy to the secret moments you smile to yourself like a drunken buffoon. It's one of the rare pleasures in my life." "Oh, Hermione. I had such high hopes for you – that perhaps you and Mr. Malfoy would perhaps get along. It seemed promising, at first. And then – oh, I still can't believe he said that about you. How could someone utter such a thing?" Hermione looked away. She hadn't told Ginny the entirety of what she'd heard out there on the terrace. She'd only divulged what Malfoy had said about her, not what Malfoy had said about Ginny and the Burrow. Hermione was often rigid in her honesty, but revealing that would have been cruel. And she'd had enough of cruel words for the evening. "I don't take any joy in revealing to you the wicked nature of most people, Ginny. Malfoy is highborn and wealthy, of which he is plainly aware. Poor common folk don't dare invade a mere whisper of his thoughts. Secondly, he's a blood purist. I hear it's all the rage these days." It was true. This was another reason she held such gratitude for the Weasleys. It was practically unheard of for a Pureblood family to take in a Muggleborn, but they had, without hesitation. Ginny was still frowning. "I still find that very hard to believe. There must be a reason he was so crude. Perhaps he'd just received some bad news." "Some men are simply without their merits," Hermione sighed. She turned over, closing her eyes. She tried to forget the face of the man who had, in a single evening, insulted almost everyone she had ever known, including herself. "A special few more repugnantly so than others. Good night, Ginny." "Good night, Hermione." With a whisper, the light went out. Please review if you're feeling so inclined! xo!