first try, every time. Certain movements were just too clumsy to perform smoothly until one had developed the proper muscle memory – which only happened after having performed the movements, repeatedly, for many years. Potter had that muscle memory. Even Severus, who only taught the boy potions , had been able to see that. In fact, Potter was one of the few students, along with Draco, that he allowed to make use of his wand in his class. Generally he considered it too dangerous for any of them to even have their wand accessible during brewing. But there were certain spells that did smooth along the brewing process – automatic timers, stirring spells, magically controlled temperature gauges for the flame, etcetera – that Potter was clearly familiar with. Albus definitely looked concerned by all that the faculty had been saying about Potter – deeply concerned . He asked them how Potter was doing socially , rather than just academically, and the general consensus was that the boy was an introvert. He just didn't talk to people. As far as anyone could tell, he didn't have a single friend, although Severus had seen him conversing with his dorm mates genially enough. It was about as friendly as many Slytherins ever got with each other. There was never any real trust – a limited friendship – the friendship of acquaintances – but only so far as the arrangement was beneficial to both parties. At least he didn't seem to snub his dorm mates. And curiously enough, they weren't snubbing him either. Well, some of the girls had seemed to in the beginning, but it seemed as if Potter had done something, very early on, that hat earned him the respect of his dorm mates. What that thing was, he had no idea, and apparently never would, if what Lucius had told him was true. Severus considered bringing up the Contract Potter had conned his room mates into signing, with Albus, but as yet, had decided not to. It would only bring further paranoia to the old man, and greater scrutiny on the first year boys and their dorm. No matter what, Potter and his dorm mates were still under Severus' protection, and he would not sell them out so easily. As far as he knew, there was nothing to be concerned over anyway. The wards that he himself placed on the dorms prevented anything too illegal from being kept within the dungeon dorms without him being notified, and nothing in Potter's two trunks had set off any of his alarms. Goyle's trunk had, and he'd already had a talk with the boy about being more discreet with what he kept with him at school. Albus asked the teachers to try and encourage Potter to be more social with his peers – perhaps they could try more group assignments and try assigning Potter with different people in hopes of finding a good match that might grow into a friendship. Severus was rather positive it would all be a wasted effort. Potter simply did not want to be friends with anyone. When it became obvious that they could not waste any more of their time focused on a single first year student, Albus was forced to move things along to other matters, but an hour later when the meeting was finally drawing to a close, Albus asked Severus and Minerva to remain behind for a bit longer and the discussion was once again drawn back to Harry Potter. This time, on more private matters. Albus had apparently not given up his attempts to find out the secrets behind Potter's last ten years, but had been ultimately unsuccessful at finding anything. He still had no idea who had raised the boy, and as such, had no idea what sort of ideology the boy might have been raised with. Was he pro-light? Was he pro-dark? Who had taught him? What had they taught him? How had he gotten a wand so young and not been discovered using it? For that was the only reasonable explanation for his advanced level. He asked the two of them if they could make attempts at gaining the boy's trust. Severus had scoffed at the mere idea of it, but Albus had been insistent. Severus was the boy's Head of House now, and someone that the boy was supposed to be able to turn to. Minerva wasn't sure how exactly she could reach out to the boy – she wasn't his head of house, after all – but Albus suggested that she try pointing out her relationship with his parents. Perhaps the boy would like some more information about them? He also suggested this route to Severus who had loudly balked at the idea. He was obviously the last person who should be telling Harry Potter about James Potter. Albus and Minerva both agreed, however, he was a good source for information on Lily . After all, Severus had known Lily for even several years before they started Hogwarts. This suggestion did not sit well with him at all, but he also found himself unable to snap back some sort of sharp retort to shoot the suggestion down. He still didn't think it would work. He didn't think that Potter was stupid enough to be manipulated into giving out sensitive secrets, simply because he was offered scraps of information about his long dead parents. As much as Severus hated it he had to admit that he'd come to hold rather high opinion of the Potter brat's intelligence. He had also long ago stopped questioning the Hat's senses on its decision to put the boy in Slytherin. He was a Slytherin. There was simply no denying it. It was fact. Having secured both Severus' and Minerva's reluctant promises to try and breech the boy's cold rock-hard exterior, and form some sort of trusting relationship, Albus heaved a sigh and dismissed them, muttering about how things could have possibly gone so very wrong.