ill feelings subsided, replaced by excitement. Mum withdrew her hand to push one of Mel's loose curls over her shoulder. "Another year finished. Perhaps the next is when you'll fall in love." Mel smiled and shrugged. She hadn't an idea of anyone she'd ever fall in love with. She was attractive and had decent marks, but Walden's departure had sunk the McCready reputation in the mud. "Perhaps I'll work for the Ministry," she said, though truthfully, she did want a husband or at least a relationship by the end of seventh year. Mum beamed at her and squeezed her arm. "Do what your heart says, my dear girl." Without further ado, they dug into their plates and savored the rich flavors, for it could be a while since they'd enjoy such a hearty meal again. Alphard didn't understand why his entire family had to show up, considering none of the Blacks at Hogwarts were graduating: Lucretia and Walburga had finished the previous year, Cygnus and Orion's turn would come the next, and Alphard still had another two years. He did suspect, however, that this ceremony was yet another outlet to show off their status, along with the Avery, Lestrange, Malfoy, and Mulciber families. Situated between Orion, who was miserably stuck next to Walburga, and Cygnus, who was flirting with Druella Rosier, Alphard was resisting the urge to sink his face into the bowl of crab chowder in front of him and drown himself in it. "The old coot, trying to tell us the war's over," Abraxas Malfoy said in reference to Headmaster Dippet. "He thinks Dumbledore will defeat Grindelwald? Please." Blonde, wealthy, and pompous, Abraxas was the son of Cassius Malfoy, Head of the Magical Education Department. Despite that, Abraxas took his own education as a giant joke, preferring to romance Slytherin witches instead. How he managed to get all Es and As in his lessons, Alphard would never understand. He resented Malfoy for studying one-eighth the amount he did, but it was fortunate that Malfoy was a year ahead of him, so contact was minimal. "Can't believe that half-blood McCready joined up with him," Felix Lestrange was saying. "Evidently had to compensate for his own inferiority." Alphard turned his head slightly toward the Ravenclaw table. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Melody McCready, the prettiest witch in their year, sitting with her parents. Her mother, a muggleborn, was from Austria or somewhere, an outcast in Wizarding Britain. The family looked miserable; Walden McCready, former Ministry worker, had joined the Magic Army not three months ago. "Wouldn't mind spending some time with his sister," James Avery remarked as Alphard tried not to glare at him. "She's a half -blood," Lestrange hissed, pulling a disgusted face. There was an empty seat between him and Mulciber. Alphard wondered vaguely for whom it was reserved. This was answered about ten minutes later when Tom Riddle appeared and took the seat. Immediately the expressions of the surrounding boys save for Alphard changed into that of admiration. "Welcome back, mate," Lestrange said fondly as Avery emptied a bottle of mead into Riddle's goblet. Riddle, who was neither wealthy nor a pureblood, was the unspoken leader of all the Slytherin boys. Handsome with prodigious magical skill, everyone fell over themselves trying to earn his attention. That hadn't always been the case—for the first five years of his Hogwarts education, Tom Riddle was simply a filthy mudblood orphan. The central question was, how on Earth did he get sorted into Slytherin? Then, two years ago, the rumors about the Chamber of Secrets had begun… Riddle's dark eyes met Alphard's, and Alphard realized he'd been staring at him with an undoubtedly unflattering expression. Quickly he looked down at his plate and shoved a spoonful of chowder into his mouth. "What do you plan on doing after Hogwarts?" Malfoy asked Riddle. "My father can get you in the Ministry with a snap of his fingers." Next to him, Cassius Malfoy was laughing with Alphard's father, Pollux, as they shared stories of dolts in their respective departments. "Hmm, I've got an idea already," Riddle replied with a secretive smirk. Despite following his every move, Malfoy and the rest of his cohorts never knew what he was going to do next. Perhaps he was going to join the Magic Army and aid Grindelwald in defeating Dumbledore. Every Slytherin knew of the Transfiguration professor's bias against Slytherins, particularly of Riddle even before the Chamber of Secrets incident. Riddle had claimed it was because Dumbledore was intimidated by him, but a valid reason for that had never reached Alphard's ears. Alphard leaned over and asked Cygnus, "You reckon Dumbledore would beat Grindelwald?" "Merlin, no," Lestrange butted in, mouth full of food. "He's got no chance." "I'm inclined to agree," Cygnus added. "Grindelwald is much more powerful." "Yes, but Dumbledore is brilliant, too," Alphard pressed. "Surely that plays a role in dueling?" He realized Riddle was looking at him with narrowed eyes but he didn't speak. Lestrange shook his head. "You think Grindelwald isn't? One doesn't take over almost all of Magical Europe with an empty head." "I know that," Alphard replied hastily. "I'm only saying—" "Don't worry about it, brother," Cygnus interrupted, clapping him on the back. "No matter who wins, the purebloods will remain on the top." That was not what Alphard was concerned about. He knew those who held the gold and galleons always came out on top. His question was, what would happen to everyone below? Grindelwald's plans were concerning as well: the "cleansing" of muggle-relations. The Daily Prophet painted a gruesome picture of what was happening on the Eastern front. So far, largely due to Dumbledore, the Magic Army had left Great Britain alone, excluding the Manchester Massacre. What if Grindelwald did defeat Dumbledore? What would stop him then? Alphard suspected that his summer was going to start off on tense footing as he scoured The Daily Prophet each morning for news of Dumbledore's outcome.