harm you. They'll be far too curious about you to do that, it is this curiosity that you must use to your advantage. When the time is right, explain the problem and what you need to know. Then, once you have the information on the wards, you can return and they can be reinforced. It's very simple really." Kingsley sighed again. "The experts from Egypt and Mexico can't make any headway with re-erection of the wards. Hermione, if there was any other way, we would have taken it but we're desperate. The school's falling down; Hogwarts is world renowned. We need help and quickly or it'll crumble..." "Then just reconstruct the wards, it's not a big deal," she protested shrilly. "The founders left records, even I know that." "They only left instructions for the wards that needed to be renewed. They didn't leave information on how to reinforce the foundation wards. It's the sentient and blood magic that supports the foundations of the school, which is coming apart. It needs to be reinforced by the same wards and magical essence as before, to help its renewal," Kingsley responded coolly. "We don't have their magical essence to pour into the foundations, even if we did manage to reconstruct the wards." Her eyes gleamed. "Ah, but, Kingsley, if this person has already gone back, then it stands to reason that they knew about the wards being destructed in our time, why didn't they leave exact instructions on how to re-erect them?" His smile was pitying. "Because there was no point; they knew the person would have to go back to get their magical essences. That can't be preserved for a thousand years. Once we have this, someone else can do the actual weaving. We need the exact spells and enchantments that were woven into the foundations, plus blood and magical essence hence our problem." "Then send someone else who was in my year or an adult," she interjected swiftly, "Maybe one of the unspeakables or a ward caster. They'd be better placed than me – for a start, they'd understand more about what to do and stuff." "No, it can only be you, Hermione, it'll be easier to introduce a new student to the school than an adult, also it'll attract far less attention," professor McGonagall told her. "Besides, none of the others around your age knows about the devastation of the wards and we want it kept that way, so it has to be you." Clearly, this plan had been discussed thoroughly. Hermione got up and wandered across to a filing cabinet opposite, her mind in turmoil. What they were proposing was insanity. She wasn't sure if she could do as Kingsley asked, to travel back to a time of which very few records, both magical and muggle had been kept, to get what they needed. There were so many things that could potentially go wrong. Thinking about these was making her feel queasy. What if she died while in the past? How would that work with time? "It's too risky," she defended herself hotly. "We don't even know when the school was built or anything. This plan is worse than lunacy and you know it, Kingsley." She turned to appeal to him, in the hope that he would see sense. Kingsley turned to look at her. "We know exactly into which year we'd be sending you. I've had a team of unspeakables working on it this last two months. Hermione please! We can't close Hogwarts; it embodies so much wizarding history, as well as being the only place we can educate magical youth safely and without prejudice to blood." She felt her eyes fill with tears and turned away. What they were asking was cruel but at the same time, not doing it would mean the kind of devastation wizarding Britain just couldn't afford politically, financially or socially. Muggleborn children, those like her, would probably never know magic as there would be few places for them to learn – that thought made her cringe. Could she condemn them to that? As soon as the question entered her mind, she knew she couldn't, however mad she thought the plan. "Will I be safe going back?" She asked in a small voice, her stomach leaden. "Oh, yes, Hermione, You'll be looked after like a queen, I promise you that," Kingsley stated so emphatically that she wheeled round to stare at him. "How do you know?" His look was considering. "We have records Hermione, now will you do it?" "What records? Do they say I went back? Do I come back safely? Was it successful?" "The founders' personal records. You're named as the one who went back, and you do everything with wich you're tasked. You do return; more than that I'm not saying. It doesn't do to know too much about what shall happen." "And I won't age as I return?" "No, the Egyptians have been very thorough in their design of the vacuum capsule. I've spoken to the person who went back to the time of the Pharaohs, and he's no older than when he left them to return to our time." She had run out of arguments, and other than her personal fear, couldn't think of any more reasons for stalling. The sag of her shoulders told everyone what they wanted to know. Kingsley gave a whoop of joy and next moment, he'd scooped her up into a rib crushing hug that knocked the breath from her. "That's wonderful. Thank you, Hermione, you don't realise how important this is, not only to those of us who have fond memories of Hogwarts, but for future generations..." Behind him, she could see Professor McGonagall trying but failing to stem her own tears of joy. Molly and Arthur Weasley wore pensive looks; she knew they at least were worried for her safety as much as for the state of the school. Professor McGonagall wiped her eyes smiling broadly. "Kingsley, we need to plan!"