Harry; he felt as though he had been unfairly ambushed. "But," he spluttered. He scanned Seamus from top to bottom as though looking for signs that indicated his orientation. "When did you become a—like...?" "A bufty?" Seamus finished heatedly. Harry pretended to appreciate the social weight of the word, which was entirely new to him. "Um, I was going to use the word… homos—No, no," Harry amended, switching course as he read Seamus's reception to his terms. "A gay person… A person of alternative orientation." Seamus stared at Harry with a blank face until a twitch developed at the corner of his lips which preceded an amused smile. "Homosexual is fine," said Seamus finally, disarmed by Harry's determination not to offend him. He began speaking and rushing over his words again as though against his will, as though he were looking for any avenue to release his emotions. "I think it's his whole growth spurt of his that got me going. I mean, he became fucking gorgeous overnight practically!" He directed his expression of amazement at Harry, trying to garner his agreement. When Harry stared back at him non-committedly, Seamus continued, "Or maybe it's just my hormones going all haywire. I mean, this is puberty, right?" "Er, sure, I guess..." "Yeah," said Seamus, sounding as though he was trying to convince himself. "And aren't you supposed to be trying to get laid, too?" Harry went from green to red lightning-fast. "I'm not interested in a relationship," he said in the colourless voice of a spokesperson reading a press release. Seamus whooped with amusement. "It doesn't have to be a relationship!" He framed the r-word with two quotation marks, speaking in a mocking tone that suggested sleeping around outside relationships was a long-standing practice, to which Harry had been completely oblivious. What happened to the usual plan? Get married, then have sex? Harry felt as old and outdated as Mrs Figg. "I'm not really sure about any of it," replied Harry uneasily. He felt exceptionally awkward, and Seamus talking about heterosexual matters when he had confessed himself otherwise was not helping. Suddenly the Irish jokester looked different in Harry's mind. But Harry had never thought himself homophobic. In fact, given that he knew what Dudley did to "skippy ponces" at his primary school whenever he and his gang found one, Harry would be disappointed in himself if he was. "All right. It's up to you, I guess," said Seamus. "But... so... what do you think of... you know... my situation... of me...?" Harry translated the question correctly for what it was really asking. "You're still my friend, Seamus, no matter what," he declared with his warmest smile. He could practically see the stress rolling off Seamus's shoulder. Seamus nodded and looked down at the duvet. "D'you think Dean would like me in that way? He'll hate me, won't he?" That crossed a line for Harry. Seamus was a very good friend but Harry was not sure he was comfortable chatting about these kinds of things with him just yet. Things were going to be so awkward between them that he almost rued Seamus's confession to him. "Er... hard to say..." answered Harry, growing scarlet rapidly again. "Would I like who in what way?" called Dean as he bounded into the room with Ron and Neville. "Angelina Johnson," replied Seamus with impressive nonchalance. Dean entered into a long and detailed discussion with Ron about the merits of dating Angelina Johnson, ranging from her "soft skin" to her "soulful eyes." When they eventually finished half an hour later, Seamus looked more despondent than ever. "Ron, where's your Ages book?" asked Dean. Harry saw Seamus pull a face behind Dean's back conveying his disgust with the boyishness of Dean's desire to read a sports book. "Er, somewhere in my trunk," Ron replied, watching lazily as Dean stood up and burrowed through his trunk. Harry's day could not have turned out more perfectly, in aggregate. He was back together with his best friends, going to enjoy carefree chats with the ghosts, suffer McGonagall's rigidity and celebrate every quirk of the castle from its deceptive stairs to giggling doorknobs. It was perfect even after the unexpected curveball Seamus had thrown at him. He sank into his covers elated to be back at Hogwarts. "No... don't... Don't kill him... please..." "Harry?" whispered Ron. The redhead slipped out of his bed and cautiously came over to Harry's bed and pulled back the curtains. Harry was gripping his sheets as though his life depended on it. His arm gleaming with sweat and beads of it peppered his forehead, which was furrowed and troubled. Ron sat on the bed and tried to pry Harry's hand from the sheets. "Harry, it's okay. Relax. Shush..." "Don't do it... Please don't it..." "Harry, please wake up..." Ron shook him, at which point Harry almost catapulted himself off the bed. "It's just a dream," Ron whispered to him. "Just a dream. You're all right." "Ron..." "Yeah. I'm here." Harry's damp pyjama-clad chest rose and fell rapidly as he threw his widened gaze around the room. His green eyes were brilliant in the moonlit darkness. "Go back to sleep," said Ron. "We've got lessons tomorrow." "Thanks..." Harry pulled off his wet shirt, tossed it aside and did not bother throwing his covers on again. Ron removed his touch from Harry only when he was sure his friend was calm. He stood up, looked down at him and his lips twisted grimly. He closed the curtain and muttered a Silencing Charm at them, returning to his bed. But Harry woke up again half an hour later, sleepy and frustrated. He sat staring at the window for several minutes as his sweat evaporated. Shortly afterward he climbed out of bed, quietly hauled out his Invisibility Cloak from his trunk and took out his Marauder's Map. He shoved his feet into his trainers, put his arms through the sweater Mrs Weasley had made him and left Gryffindor Tower.