outside was stifling, uncannily hot even for June, but inside the castle was cool and dark. It was officially the last day of term, but the Hogwarts Express had already left to London, so the majority of students had gone home for the summer, leaving the hallways empty. Tom Riddle was not a nostalgic man, but it was quite enjoyable walking down the corridors of Hogwarts again. He'd graduated in 1945, only two years ago, but he'd been busy those two years. Not as busy as Alexander McElroy , he thought somewhat bitterly. McElroy, who had graduated in 1943, was not nearly as talented and intelligent as Tom Riddle, but nevertheless he'd managed to kill Dumbledore. He and Tom had only spoken directly once, outside of Hogwarts. In the summer of 1943, right before he departed to Eastern Europe, McElroy was invited to a supper at the Most Ancient and Noble House of Black. He'd spoken only of his devotion to Grindelwald, leaning back in his chair with a cigarette hanging out of the side of his mouth. Once in a while, he'd give it a rest and scold his first-year sister, who seemed to worship him almost as much as he worshiped Grindelwald. McElroy had nearly been expelled from Hogwarts in his fifth year for writing a 430-page manifesto on The Greater Good, the belief that wizards should be prioritized over muggles. The Black cousins, Cygnus and Orion, admired McElroy, but Tom did not. McElroy had spent his life bowing down to someone else. If there was a touch of jealousy, it was very slight. Yes, Tom would have liked to be the one to kill Dumbledore. Be that as it may, McElroy had only made it easier for him. With both of them out of the way, Tom could execute his plans with minimal disruption. After momentarily rehashing the details of his plans, always a pleasurable experience, Tom found himself in front of the stone gargoyle guarding the headmaster's office. "Unity and peace," he told it, suppressing the urge to roll his eyes. The gargoyle jumped aside. Tom ascended the spiral staircase and knocked on the door. "Enter!" he heard Dippet say. The headmaster's office was exactly the same as when Tom had been there last in 1943, when he'd framed that dumb half-breed Hagrid for the mudblood's death. The memory brought a genuine smile to his face, which he aimed at Dippet as the older man stood in greeting. "Ah, Tom Riddle, good to see you again!" "You as well, sir," Tom replied, shaking his hand. "You know, two years have passed since your graduation and you're still unrivaled! I've been waiting for another brilliant mind, but yours comes once in a blue moon, I suppose. Here, have a lemon drop." He slid a glass bowl filled with candy across the desk, which Tom ignored. "Well, sir, I may have a solution to the lack of…excellence at Hogwarts." Dippet raised his white-streaked grey eyebrows. "Oh? Do tell…" "I've heard that Professor Merrythought is planning to retire. If you haven't got a replacement, I would be happy to fill the position." "Ah, well…you would be the perfect candidate to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts." The old man scratched his head absentmindedly, looking away. "I can't think of anyone more qualified, except Galatea, of course…" Tom sat patiently, waiting for him to get to the point. His foot lifted, ready to tap, but he held it in place. "But the problem is…Galatea isn't retiring this year, or the next. She is thinking about going to 1950…" Tom's plans could not wait until 1950. He knew his mind; if he did not start now, he'd consider the Horcrux route again. "Perhaps we could divide the classes? I could teach the younger years while Professor Merrythought takes the NEWT level." He would have preferred the older ones, having graduated with and recruited a couple of their siblings, but he was not in a position to bargain too strongly. Not yet. "The other way around," Dippet muttered, tapping his chin and gazing somewhere past Tom's head. "You could take the NEWT students and Galatea can have the easier lessons…she's rather fond of the young ones…of course I'd have to keep her pay the same, but if Spencer-Moon keeps his promise to expand the education budget, it won't be an issue. Alright!" He stuck out his hand again. "Welcome back to Hogwarts, Professor!" Against his will, Tom's eyes widened; he had expected to use more of his persuasion skills. He shook the old man's hand and smiled. Step one: complete. "Thank you very much, Headmaster." Dippet waved a relaxed hand. "You're one of us now, Tom. Call me Armando." After a lengthy discussion about procedure, Tom was again walking down the corridors. The teaching position offered two benefits: recruitment of students and the familiarity of his first home. Alas, these were only temporary, as he didn't plan on staying more than a few years. For old time's sake, he decided to pop in the first-floor girls' bathroom and, unknown to all except him, the entrance to the Chamber. How powerful he'd felt upon learning that he was the heir of the noble Salazar Slytherin and not just some pitiable, half-blood orphan. None of his Knights would ever be as extraordinary as he; with the diary, he had power Grindelwald and Dumbledore had not. Now with his new plan, he thought as he pushed opened the door to the bathroom, he might not even need the diary. They would all worship the ground— Tom stopped short, frowning as he looked around the bathroom. Someone—or some thing —had destroyed it. The entrance to his glorious Chamber was cracked and broken, the mirrors shattered into pieces. Yet he supposed it was better this way. Still no one would want to use this bathroom, let alone look for the entrance to the Chamber. Until one day far in the distance, when it would be opened again.