a wonderful teacher. "Professor Damien just goes to show that not all Slytherins are evil," I pointed out to Polly. She came from the Lider family, a small but long-lived clan who had a blatant and famous hatred towards all Slytherins. Polly had never trusted Professor Damien, Brooklyn, or any of the Slytherins we knew, for reasons unknown. "He still reminds me of the human equivalent of dragon pox," Polly retorted as the hall quieted. "Harmless at first, but watch. I bet he fails someone on purpose this year, just to spite them." "Professor Damien wouldn't do that," Millie defended. Then the big doors to the Great Hall, which I'd walked through ten minutes before, opened together with long, foreboding creeeeeeeeak s. I hadn't even noticed Professor Damien leave, but in he paraded, at the front of a long line of first-years. Tall and short, slender and chubby, dark and pale, boy and girl- a wide variety of students populated the Hogwarts class of 2048. They passed behind Shawnee and Polly, between the Ravenclaw and Slytherin tables, wide-eyed and grinning. I smiled at a few of them, remembering how special I'd felt when I'd gotten a grin from last year's Head Boy and Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain, Terry Selwyn, before my own Sorting the previous year. When finally all of the first-years had assembled in the front of the Hall, ceiling crackling and flashing overhead, Professor Damien smiled toothily at us. I was too far away to tell for sure, but I was pretty sure his ice-blue eyes sparkled as he ascended the steps up onto the dais where the high table at which the professors sat resided. As he turned to face us, a stool, a scroll, and the school's scruffy, smiling Sorting Hat appeared in his hands- did he Summon them or pull them out of hidden pockets in his robes or what? Setting the stool down and putting the Hat on top of it, he opened his mouth to speak. "All of you will now be Sorted into your Houses, first-years," he said, gazing down at them with a small smile. "The four Houses, as I explained earlier, are Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff." He pointed to each of the four tables in turn, and each House loudly screamed with pride as he announced them. When the cheering from Rossalene's House had died down, he continued. "After being Sorted by the Sorting Hat here, you will sleep in your House dormitory, attend classes, and normally be able to win or lose points for your House by respectively doing satisfactory or unsatisfactory activities. The House with the most points at the end of the year wins the House Cup, which is a most glorious honor." He gestured to the table beside ours. "Slytherin House, led by me, is our reigning champion." Slytherin, all clad in the standard black-and-grey uniform but with hints of green here and there, burst into hoots and howls. I saw Brooklyn pumping her fists in the air, whooping, nearly as excited as she'd been when Slytherin had actually won a few months ago. "Does he memorize that speech every year?" I murmured to Lanie on my right, who giggled and hushed me as if the professor could hear over Slytherin's wild racket. "However," Professor Damien announced, effectively silencing the snake house, "this year will be… quite a bit different ." The Hall immediately completely hushed in shock. I met Shawnee's confused eyes across the table- she'd finally snapped out of her mindless thoughts at the Astronomy teacher's words- and I shrugged at her, just as unsure. What did he mean, a bit different? "Headmistress Minerva McGonagall will explain more after the Sorting and the feast," the Astronomy professor finished, gesturing up to the grey-haired, steely-eyed witch sitting regally in the center seat at the high table. My face involuntarily broke into a smile as my eyes landed on Minerva McGonagall- talented witch, fierce female, and all-around amazing person. I aspired to be her someday, only, well, not a Gryffindor. "And now, would you all direct your attention to the most esteemed Sorting Hat. Let the Sorting commence!" Hello there, my wonderful Salinger Year readers and fans! I hope you've enjoyed this first foray into my main character Alyssa Salinger's second year at Hogwarts, and I also hope you'll choose to stick along for the ride. It's going to be bumpy this year for Aly... as always. If you're new to the Salinger Year family, welcome! Salinger Year is what will eventually be a seven-part series following the same young girl through all of her years at Hogwarts. Second Year is the fourth of these stories, and I will post chapters regularly every Sunday until I catch up with my writing ( Second Year is still under construction)! In the meantime, I encourage you to check out its predecessors in this order: first Fifth Year , then Fourth Year , and finally First Year . I do have to apologize for my writing in Fifth Year and the first few chapters of Fourth Year - I was much younger when I started this series and had a tendency to write flattened or Mary-Sue-ish characters. I can promise you that they've rounded out a fair amount in the last three years, and the first few stories are worth the read anyway! In the meantime, if you've stuck with me since the beginning, you know who Zach Henson is... and today, June 11, is his birthday! I figured I'd start posting on a date pretty meaningful to a character who's incredibly important in some of the previous stories. He'll show up in this one, too, I promise. ;) Please don't forget to review, guys, I thrive off of those sweet reviews. See you next Sunday! ~atrfla Guys... until this story gets a single review, it's on hiatus. I'm sorry, but if you like the story, you can force me to post the next chapter by leaving a review.