had asked of it to him. For Harry had questioned him. He had asked him numerous times now of it, and of why the dark lord was after him? The old man had simply refused by giving him more puzzles to solve as the answers. Harry then took the last letter to read. Which had really been two rolled together with a gift. Harry took the first one to read. Prongslet, Happy birthday and best wishes to my only and bestest godson in the whole world. I hope you have had a day that was worthwhile and to remember that a birthday is only once a year, so to enjoy them as much as you can while you're still young. I sent you some broom servicing materials in a kit from the Quidditch shop in Diagon Alley. Remus bought it with money I gave to him from me, so I guess it's really from us both. Moony says he misses you and to say happy birthday too. I'm not supposed to tell you this, but I feel I must as it seems the Death Eaters are more active now because of it. My animagus form is useful for something… Hogwarts will not have Quidditch this year in order to have a Ministry held competition known as the Triwizard Tournament. In old days, it was discontinued due to how dangerous it was for the students chosen to participate in it. Supposedly, they've remade the tournament so it's safer, but I felt you needed to know in case something should happen as I did happen across Lucius Malfoy and he was wearing a sinister smirk after the tournament was mentioned. I hope you exercise caution as I do worry for you, pup. Other than this, I hope you enjoy the World Cup with your friends and I hope to see you soon. Snuffles P.S. Padfoot might have been recognizable to anyone who knew of the Marauders in school, besides Peter as we did have some notoriety there, and so this is the new code name. Use it when writing me. Harry smiled brightly and was happy to have such wonderful gifts from his friends and family as he unrolled the last letter. Though he did have to laugh at the choice of code names; and he would be teasing his godfather over when he saw him next. The letter he was holding now; it was from the Headmaster. Coincidence? Harry did not think so after the former missive he had received. Harry my boy, Harry rolled his eyes at this and snorted softly in amusement. Allow me first to wish you a happy birthday and know that I hope this message finds you are well. I am sure your friends have informed you of your upcoming traveling plans, so I don't think I need to lecture you more on safety than I have in past. I merely wish to write you in case the goblins of the bank wrote you. I am sure they have the best intentions of wanting to speak to you over certain new matters that have come to their attentions in regards to you, but I fear I must discourage you for now in seeing them. It would not help anything at the moment, so please ignore the missive for the time being. I have enclosed your supply list here as well, since after the World Cup, there would be a limited amount of time to gather things for the new term. The Weasley family will be taking you to gather them with their own children. Again, happy birthday and best of luck in the new term. Sincerely, Headmaster Albus Dumbledore. Once more Harry's ever growing suspicions were rising that the headmaster knew something and did not wish to share it. He quickly unattached his supply list before shredding the letter in frustration. He then grabbed parchment, ink, and quill for a letter that would soon change a lot of things. At least, he knew that he felt it would. Director Ragnok Bloodclaw of Gringotts Bank, I am very appreciative that you wrote to me of these concerns instead of the headmaster, as I have been finding of late that I am becoming more and more suspicious of his motives in regards to me and the war against a certain dark lord. I am also rather concerned by them if the Director of Gringotts has decided to personally mail me about it. The errors must be something quite large and horrible to your staff, if you are involved in them now. I would like to meet you in person to address these issues, but unfortunately, I feel I may not be able to until after the World Cup is over and I have my annual supply gathering hunt in Diagon Alley for the year. Albus has me watched in the summer and I am unsure of exactly how well to know if there was a chance to evade the watchers. However, I do know I can see you earlier if you have room later today around three pm. The watchers change then and usually the man they send is drunk. He probably couldn't tell me from his own wand. If this is acceptable, please answer as fast as possible. Harry J. Potter "Hedwig, I need you to deliver this to the Director of Gringotts Bank. Do not let anyone else intercept this message, even if the headmaster himself tries to. It is highly important." Harry said to her softly Hedwig's eyes seemed to understand his words as she hooted her response of acceptance to the task and allowed Harry to attach the letter to her. "Fly swiftly and safely, girl." He told her gently Hedwig nodded and disappeared into the night. Harry laid down and it was now two-thirty in the morning. He decided to sleep for a few hours if he had to convince his uncle to take him to London soon, as that would be painful.