by confirming my suspicions. Lord Voldemort rewards those who serve well. What would you ask of me, Snape?" Severus could hardly believe what he was hearing. Quickly, he began trying to think of something, anything, he could request that might be useful. All of his needs were provided for already… and the one thing he truly desired was beyond anyone's reach… "I'd like information, my lord," Severus said finally. It was a risk, but he could think of nothing else that would be worth the request. "Information?" the Dark Lord repeated. It seemed that Severus had piqued his interest. "Yes, my lord. I would like to know what your suspicions are about the Order of the Phoenix." The Dark Lord studied him for a moment. Their eyes met, but Severus felt no touch of Legilimency this time. "Very well." The Dark Lord turned his back to Severus and moved back to the window. "Seven years, I've fought openly against the Ministry. Initially they proved a fair match, but as my numbers swelled, my Death Eaters became too much for them. When the dark creatures joined our ranks, it was only a matter of time before the Ministry fell by my hand. "But then something happened that I did not anticipate. The aurors rallied. They began to adapt to our tactics; they seemed to be able to predict our movements. The spies I had placed in the Ministry began to be rooted out. The Wizengamot was spurred into action, and any attempt by my agents to stop them failed. There was only one man who could have possibly been able to give the Ministry that kind of aid. Only one who might challenge me." "Dumbledore," Severus breathed. "I knew that muggle-loving fool wouldn't allow me to stand unopposed. He has always been a thorn in my side. But I expected him to face me himself, as he had Grindelwald. I was prepared for such a confrontation—I have taken steps that Dumbledore would not dare to ensure my victory—but it never came. Instead he remains in the shadows and pulls the strings of his puppets, and they adore him for it." Disgust was evident in the Dark Lord's voice. The Dark Mark burned hotter every time Dumbledore's name was spoken. "For all of his interference, Dumbledore still will not stop me in the end. However… recently he has grown bolder. He has begun sending his puppets out to die. This does not trouble me, but they have also been able to predict where my Death Eaters will strike with uncanny accuracy, accuracy even the aurors cannot match." "They know where we will be?" Severus asked. His mind ran through the information again and provided an answer. "There's a spy among us." The Dark Lord turned, and again the mirthless grin marred his features. "Very good, Snape. Until tonight I did not know the extent to which Dumbledore was operating outside of the Ministry, but now…" The Dark Lord approached Severus. He moved with a graceful power that Severus had never seen another wizard possess. "My lord, if you command it I can have a brew of veritaserum prepared within a fortnight." Severus had never tried the brew before, but it was no more complicated than a Draught of Living Death. Again the Dark Lord gave him an appraising look. "Brew the potion if you wish, but I do not think it will help us uncover the spy. Dumbledore is no fool. He wouldn't recruit a cat's paw that would wilt under something so simple as veritaserum or Legilimency, nor would he rely on the Ministry's clumsy efforts to infiltrate our ranks. No, this will require a more delicate approach." "My lord, I wish only to serve. If I might be of some assistance in this matter… I am yours to command." Snape had seen the things that the Dark Lord was capable of. He may not have been a true believer in the cause at first, but standing in the Dark Lord's presence was… awe-inspiring. "Such loyalty," the Dark Lord replied. He seemed amused. Severus did not know whether that was good or bad. "As it happens, Snape, I could use your assistance. You have proven your worth to me once. Do so again and I shall reward you with power beyond anything you could imagine." "What would you ask of me?" Severus said. His stomach was bouncing with nerves. Success or failure with this assignment would alter his destiny forever. "Discover what you can about the Order of the Phoenix. As it stands, you are the one Death Eater among my ranks who knows anything about Dumbledore's intentions. Find out who else he has recruited, and what they are planning. And once you have discovered the identity of the old fool's spies, bring them before me." Just hours before, Severus would have been shocked to even be acknowledged by the Dark Lord. Now he was being given a vital assignment in the fight for Wizarding Britain. Success could make him one of the most powerful wizards in the world. Failure would likely mean his death. There was no turning back now. "Yes my lord," Severus said, bowing. "I will find the traitors." (A/N) : I wanted this story to be 100% canon compatible, but there are a few things which don't fit in perfectly... 1. Snape's Dark Mark. In the books it's stated that only the "inner circle" of Death Eaters receive the Dark Mark. I've interpreted this rather loosely to mean that only those with promise (or influence) receive one. My idea of how Snape got his mark was that Avery and Mulciber (whose fathers were influential Death Eaters) vouched for him, and he got one upon initiation into the Death Eaters. 2. The McKinnons' deaths. In Deathly Hallows, Lily's letter seems to indicate that Marlene McKinnon wasn't killed until 1981 (a couple of years after this chapter). There will be an explanation for this contradiction later. Thanks for reading!