the most powerful wizards of all time could be mentally unhinged. The evidence, though, stared him right in the face. Perhaps he owed Draco an apology. Dumbledore rubbed his hand together and rose from his seat. With a casual wave of his hand, the stuffy chair disappeared. He walked past Harry and dawdled towards the door. He lagged behind, his back to Harry. "There's the little issue of where you'll be staying over the summer." Harry obstructed a smirk he felt developing—time to make an escape. "I could stay at Hogwarts," he offered with a convincing casual shrug. "Always wanted to see the great castle." Never mind that he'd already seen it. "Really?" Dumbledore seemed to be considering it. So close. Now for the kill. Harry nodded. "Heard so much about it, you know. The kids are almost always speaking about it." He looked up into Dumbledore's face. "And I figure if death is close, I might as well visit the grounds in which my parents met." Silence proceeded his little spiel. Dumbledore stood with his hand on the handle, apparently mulling over Harry's suggestion. The seconds ticked. Harry cocked his head around, patiently awaiting the verdict—ignoring the voices in his head. The room was bare. No pictures. Wooden walls. A lantern hang from the ceiling, the only illumination. It was horribly desolate. It was stark empty except from the chair he was plumbed in. "What do you think about Hogwarts, Harry?" Dumbledore finally asked. Harry frowned, perplexed by the query. Hadn't he just answered that? "I don't know. Apparently it's nice—" Dumbledore shook his head. "No, no, no." He chuckled. "I mean what do you think about attending Hogwarts?" Him! Go to school? He didn't go to school! Hadn't received any sort of formal education after the age of nine. Didn't envision himself obtaining any either. He was a perfectly competent person. He wasn't illiterate. So what was the need for school? "Excuse me; school...?" He cleared his throat, deciding to maintain his polite tone. "I don't think that's necessary." He rose from his seat. Dumbledore abandoned his hold on the doorknob. He peered levelly at Harry. Harry felt warmth enclose him. He was taller than Dumbledore and thus the man was—in some ways—compelled to look at Harry as an equal. "And why not?" the old man countered. Oh, I don't know. Could it possibly be because there's a fucking war raging outside the walls of Hogwarts. A war that incidentally revolves around my life. Oh yeah, that could be it. "Because I'd like to participate in the war." Dumbledore blinked. "Participate? In the war?" He chuckled. "I think not, Harry." Harry opened his mouth to interrupt but Dumbledore quickly rushed on. "You are entirely too valuable to simply toss away like that, Mr. Potter." Well, I'm going to be in the war soon anyway. "I'll be in the midst of things in the future anyway—why wait?" Dumbledore sighed. "You are strong, Harry. You pose as a strong threat against Voldemort." Harry smirked. "But," Dumbledore continued, "I doubt you can defeat Voldemort at this moment, so you shall head to Hogwarts where assistance shall be provided to further enhance your already formidable skills?" Harry scowled—quite alarmed by a particular portion of Dumbledore's aforementioned sentence. "What makes you think I'm a formidable opponent?" That was information he fought indefatigably to keep classified. His casual attires. His flirty attitude. Those were all ploys to disguise the danger he lived in, and the skill he possessed to constantly defeat his adversaries. Of course, that was done so constantly it was literally a part of him now. But still, Dumbledore shouldn't be aware of that! "You took out fifteen members of my Order," Dumbledore responded flatly, his eyes twinkling merrily. Oh yeah. In justification, what was a bloke supposed to think when a myriad of wizards and witches suddenly apparated into the Leaky Cauldron and began firing spells at him. They were at war, for Merlin's sake. He couldn't be held guilty for attempting to defend himself. He wasn't going to be contrite about it, either. He shrugged at Dumbledore. "Not your fault," Dumbledore admitted. "Not ours, either." Harry brushed this off, his thoughts seguing towards other bothersome ones. "I don't need school, Dumbledore," Harry said. "Oh really?" "Yes, really," he deadpanned. He was quite put off and infuriated by Dumbledore's casual snub. "I think I'm ready for the outside world." Dumbledore already knew about his talents. No reason to conceal them anymore. "I understand," Dumbledore responded patiently, an irritating compassionate glint in those blue eyes. "But you just can't defeat Voldemort as of yet," Harry opened his mouth to protest but Dumbledore forged ahead. "Your ability wasn't subject to my statement, Harry." He looked Harry in the eye. "Voldemort is—at the moment—immortal." Harry felt his blood ran cold. Immortal?! Well, that explained the return of Voldemort. A return that shouldn't have been possible to begin with considering that said Dark Lord had collided with his own stray Killing Curse fifteen years ago. And what did Dumbledore mean by "at the moment". "At the moment?" "It's a working process," Dumbledore said cryptically. "Hogwarts it is, then!" He pulled the handle of the door and had almost completed his egress when Harry's mind managed to register what was happening. "Wait!" he called. Dumbledore turned around, a puzzled look on his face. Then his face brightened. "Ah, yes. Where you'll stay?" Harry nodded, unable to wipe the scowl off his face. "How about right here?" Harry run a hand through his hair. "And where exactly is here?" "The home of the Black's. Headquarters of the Order of Phoenix. 12 Grimmauld Place." Harry took a look around. This was the Headquarters for the Order of Phoenix. How odd. It was so...bare. Where was everybody? Nice place for covert purposes, he conceded. Yes, very nice. "It's late," Dumbledore said. "Come with me. I'll show you to your room for the night, and the remaining weeks of summer."