you easily took control of the common room down there. Plus you'd have a ton of respect being who you are —" Iris let out a derisive snort. "Oh whatever, just think about it. I know Moody told you to think about being an Auror but do you honestly think you won't be sick of fighting dark wizards and creatures by the time you graduate? I already am!" "Yeah, s'ppose you're right . . ." " Anyway , you should also consider taking arithmancy," Hermione said as they walked into the boy's fourth year dorm room. Ron picked up Hermione's comment apparently as his jaw dropped. "Arithmancy? Why on earth would she- wait, also? What do you mean also consider taking arithmancy? Iris! WE WERE SUPPOSED TO BE PARTNERS IN LAZINESS!" Ron shouted in mock-indignation. "Actually, Ron's right," Iris said. "Huh? Oh, I was kidding," said Ron. "You won't get me to take that class - I'd rather eat slugs again - but go for it I suppose, if you want that is." "No, I know you were. I was just actually wondering why on earth I'd take arithmancy. Isn't it math stuff? I'd rather listen to Trelawny predict my death than do math," replied Iris. "No, it isn't just-" Hermione replied indignantly before being interrupted by Ron. "I'd rather give Malfoy a piggy-back ride," Ron said. "I'd rather play spin the bottle with your brothers," Iris said, making Ron chuckle. "I'd rather play spin the bottle with my sister," Ron said, going a step further. Iris raised an eyebrow. "I wouldn't mind doing that," she muttered to herself, but blushed as she realized they both had heard it. At Hermione's furrowed brow and Ron's questioning look, she added in what she hoped didn't sound like desperation, "I mean, at least I know Ginny wouldn't try to prolong anything, right?" Ron seemed satisfied with her answer but Hermione was still looking at her strangely and Iris felt a flutter of panic rise up in her chest. What if she figured it out? "I'd rather kiss Snape," Iris added in an attempt to get Hermione to stop thinking. "I'd rather kiss Snape and Malfoy." "I'd rather squeeze all the grease from Snape's hair and drink it," Iris said before both her and Ron gagged, then burst out laughing. "You — you — you two are so immature! And disgusting!" Hermione stammered out. "And arithmancy is not just math, Iris Potter! You should know better! But fine, don't think about it. Perhaps learning one of the key components to creating your own spells just isn't that interesting, " Hermione said mockingly after her anger faded out. "Creating spells? What, where? How?" Iris said with widened eyes. Hermione smiled. "Oh yes, you must know arithmancy to be able to create your own spells. But since you don't w-" "Shut up, you know damn well I want it." Iris then went on to explain everything that happened in the antechamber. Ron burst out laughing at her lie which led to Krum falling down the stairs, and Hermione glared. Iris had finally managed to get a smile out of Hermione when she came to the point where she used the patronus to get Fleur to shut up. That smile quickly disappeared when she told the two about her last leaving comment. Iris gave a sheepish smile back. They spent twenty more minutes talking about what had been said in the antechamber before Iris and Hermione went back to their dorms to go to sleep. "Hey, Iris?" Hermione called out after she activated the privacy charm that Hermione had set up to cover the distance from Iris's bed to hers. It allowed the two of them to have late night conversations without disrupting the other girls. "Yes?" "Uh…" "Spit it out, Hermione." "Right. What did you mean back there, about what Ron said?" Iris's heart stopped. Oh no. Had she figured it out? Surely not, her excuse for muttering what she did definitely made sense. "Huh?" Iris said playing stupid. "About not minding playing spin the bottle with Ginny?" Iris felt sweat building up. Oh god. What if she did figure it out? She knew Hermione was open-minded but as backwards the wizarding world was, when it came to this , even muggles were extremely prejudiced. "You there, Iris?" Hermione whispered. "Yeah. I was just confused. I already said what I meant. Ginny was Ron's sister so it would make sense for it to be weird for Ron, but for me, Ginny wouldn't try anything." "But wouldn't it be the same with Ron, seeing as she's his brother?" "Oh. Yeah, I suppose so." "Right." "Yep." Awkward silence ensued. Iris was positive Hermione already figured it out. Surely she pieced it together with the brain she had. Iris had never shown any interest in guys whatsoever but then again, neither did Hermione. Except Lockhart, perhaps, but Iris didn't like him from the start and Hermione knew that. Still . . . What if? Had she seen Iris blush around Cho Chang or Daphne Greengrass, the two she considered the black-haired beauties of the school? Or had she seen her staring at random attractive girls? It most likely didn't help that she had turned down every guy that had asked her out without even looking at the most of them. They were just two months into this school year and she had already turned down seven boys. She couldn't recall looking at a single one of them as she did it. Guilt rose inside her at that realization. She should have at least looked them in the eye instead of saying 'nope' and walking on. She sighed. Of course Hermione figured it out. "Goodnight, Hermione. Please don't think too much on it…" she said hoping she had just given a silent warning to Hermione to not bring it up again, and she flipped her blanket over herself, not realizing it was her invisibility cloak, and went to sleep.