Regulus." The littlest boy poked his head out from around his brother's arm at the sound of his name. "Hello, Regulus." Dorea said smiling. He returned the smile. "This is my son, James." Walburga turned her stern gaze down onto James, who was eyeing her curiously. "Hi" James said happily. "Hello, Master Potter." Dorea's niece answered curtly. "Shall we all sit together?" Dorea suggested, trying to be as friendly as she could. Her niece eyed the tables with disdain. "I suppose we could stay for a short while." The five of them sat down at one of the round tables. Dorea was seated between Walburga and James, with Regulus on the other side of James, and Sirius seated between his brother and his mother. A short moment later, a young wizard of about sixteen came over to take their order. "Can I help you ma'ams?" Walburga's eyes traveled up him and she turned her head away in a look of pure revulsion. "Yes, thank you. We'd like to order" Dorea said with an apologetic look at the waiter. "James, honey, tell him what you'd like." "A raspberry with rainbow sprinkles in a cone" James announced brightly. "Great choice!" The waiter said with a friendly grin. He turned to look at the other two boys. "How about you two?" "He'd like a vanilla in a bowl please." Sirius said. "Alright, and you?" Sirius paused, his eyes darting to his mother, who still had not looked away from the large front window of the parlor. "I'll have –" but at this point, the long painted red nails on Walburga's right hand tapped the tabletop once in succession. Sirius stopped speaking at the sound, and then, after a second's pause, "I don't want anything, thank you." Really! Walburga, you are being absurd. You won't let this young child have an ice cream, all because he spoke to someone that you do not approve of based on nothing more than a petty prejudice! I should say something. Not my place. Oh, but that poor child. "Are you sure?" the waiter asked, and this time Walburga did turn her intimidating glare on him, causing the young man to take a step backward. He shuffled away hastily. "Walburga, surely Sirius would like an ice cream as well, don't you agree?" The stunningly beautiful, yet very harsh, woman raised one of her elegant thin eyebrows. Walburga turned to her son, speaking frankly. "Sirius, do you want an ice cream?" The young boy looked very confused now, and was clearly afraid to answer lest he upset his mother further. " Well ?" she demanded. "Y-yes, Mother." Walburga let her hand collapse flat onto the table loudly and her eldest son gave a start as if she had slammed the table. She was glowering at the poor child. "Do you think you deserve an ice cream after what you did at the Apothecary?" His face fell and he cast his eyes downward. "No, Mother." "Thus, do you want an ice cream?" "No, Mother." "There, you see, Dorea, he does not want an ice cream. Sirius understands discipline. He does not desire what he does not deserve." "Really, Walburga? He is a child. Don't you think-" "I do not attempt to tell you how to raise your son, Aunt. Do not aim to tell me how I will raise mine." Dorea sighed. "You're right. I'm sorry for overstepping." At that point, the waiter returned with the two ice creams, and both James and Regulus ate happily. Dorea could not draw her eyes away from Sirius: the Black heir. Oh, how she had feared for what his life would be like even before he had been born. Her great-nephew, subjected to the parenting of Orion and Walburga. Poor dear. The boy sat quietly, staring at his hands in his lap, looking utterly miserable. Beside her, James wasn't used to being so quiet. "Today, I got a new broomstick!" he shared. Both boys looked at him in awe. "Are you going to fly on it?" Sirius asked. "Yes! As soon as I get home!" "You're so lucky" Sirius breathed. "I can't wait! Mum, how high does it go?" "Five feet." Dorea told the two boys. "It goes five whole feet!" James reiterated to his cousin. "I'm going to fly over mountains." "Wow!" The two conversed about the broomstick for another five minutes until both James and Regulus had finished their ice creams. Walburga stood. "Well, Aunt, it was certainly a pleasant surprise seeing you after such a long estrangement" Walburga lied with a small smile on her beautiful porcelain face. "Yes. I am glad to see that you are doing well." Dorea now addressed her two young sons. "Sirius, Regulus, it was very nice to meet both of you as well." Regulus stared at her with big grey eyes, and Sirius obligatorily held out a hand for her to shake once more. "Thank you. It was a pleasure to meet you." I can hardly believe he's only five years old. Sadly though, I can. All of the Blacks in the main line have always been treated like mini adults since the age of two or so. She shook his hand once more and tried to give the little child an encouraging smile. He turned to James. "Nice to meet you. Have fun on your new broomstick." "Thanks!" Thus, as suddenly as the Black family had popped back onto her radar, they were now leaving the ice cream parlor just ahead of Dorea and James. Dorea couldn't shake her young niece's treatment of the poor boy, who had really made no mistake at all. She reached down and hugged James tightly. She knew that she couldn't help all of the children of the world who deserved better treatment, but she could at least make sure that she gave the one precious child she did have the best life possible. "How was your ice cream, dear?" "Delicious, Mum!" "I'm very glad to hear that."