estates. If we find the evidence you suspect; I will consider your actions from three years ago pardoned. For we will have done the Potter clan a terrible disservice." The goblin eyed him, "However, there is one thing in the letter that I found curious. It mentions James was tied to the old Peverell bloodline. Is that true?" Harry was surprised, "Yes. I am a descendant of Ignotus Peverell by blood and I own his hallow. The cloak of invisibility from Death himself." The director nodded, "Then why did you not wish to claim the inheritance of the Peverell's when you were last here?" Harry raised a brow, "For one, I did not know anything else was left of it. The line is ancient and I thought it to be…dried up. Are you telling me that it isn't?" The director smirked, "No, it is not and will not ever be. You are already wealthy Lord Potter, but if you reclaim this inheritance; it will make you the wealthiest wizard alive. The Peverell lineage is older than old. Feared and respected in equal measure. You have ties to some of the greatest magicians in history in your blood. Both directly and through generations of marriage contracts." "Merlin, Morgan Le fay, three of the founders to Hogwarts by both blood and through marriage bonds, and much more. It is no wonder you are as powerful as you are. Your very life-blood sings with magic and the magic of the old-blood." He then watched as Harry took that in with shock overcoming his frame, "I would almost be curious to do an inheritance test on you. Just to see exactly to who you are related to." Harry then shook himself, "Perhaps another time. For now, I have business elsewhere and need to be going. If anything turns up that is urgent for me to know of; simply owl me. I will consider reclaiming the Peverell inheritance, but it is something I need to think of. I am already a public figure and this news would ignite the press." The director nodded, "Indeed. I will owl you if anything turns up." Harry then left and as he reached the main hall; he barely managed to see Lucius leaving the bank. He hastened his pace and then cleared his throat politely, "Lord Malfoy, if I may have a moment of your time?" If Lucius had been surprised; his mask did not allow him to show it. He merely nodded and beckoned Harry to walk beside him. Harry then glanced around and carefully placed a silencing barrier over them. "I would presume this is…delicate." Lucius asked of him Harry then smirked but inclined, "That would depend on one's definition of delicate matters. However, this is serious and I hope you will at least be willing to hear me out." "Consider me intrigued, Lord Potter." Lucius said in an even tone, "I wonder if you might take your afternoon meal with me to discuss this matter over?" Harry then smiled, "Sure, as long as this remains between us for now. It is not something you nor I could ill afford the general public knowing." Lucius merely raised a brow but nodded, "Well, there are several restaurants around here that offer such settings. Do you have a preference?" Harry shook his head, "No, not really. I am not a picky eater. Though I would prefer to avoid a place that smells of fish." Lucius then smiled genuinely, "I would rather think most people would." Harry then snorted, "You would then be surprised to see what most average people are willing to put up with. I can say that I would love to make some of my 'friends' see the value and benefit of a more 'mannered' lifestyle." Lucius merely raised a brow again, "I do have to admit that the lifestyle of the purebloods tends to suit you now that you have accepted it." Harry then made a face, "Accepting it? Hardly. I was more or less trained and groomed into it. But, that is a matter left for later. Too heavy for such a conversation. How is your son? Not that I know him well mind you, but he did at one time wish to be one of my friends?" Lucius then nodded, "Draco did; yes. I find myself curious as to why you turned him away, but since he won't say and I doubt you will; I will be left to wonder in that. He is faring well. Traveling abroad at the moment with his fiancé Astoria. They would have wedded already, but Astoria had wanted time to know Draco better and then she was hurt in a near-fatal accident and needed time to recuperate." Harry then gazed to the walkway, "I am sorry to hear that. Daphne and Astoria were both neutral to me and the opinions of the war while in school. There are times I detest this political gambit and the war. I was one year old when forced into it. I never had a chance to choose; I was simply told what to believe and where to go." Harry sighed, "A failure on my end. A large one considering my past." Lucius was silent to this as he watched Harry. "Umm…by the way, won't the two of us spark rumors going to eat together?" he asked hesitantly Lucius smirked, "You mean we haven't already by the way we have walked here and talked as if old friends?" Harry smirked, "Who knows? I may have laced a Notice-Me-Not charm in the silencing barrier." Lucius smiled, "Crafty. But if you are concerned; we'll just say that we're meeting to discuss Wizengamot business." Harry nodded, "That should work." He let down the barrier and the two entered the small restaurant for the lunch and discussion. Never noticing the suspicious and curious eyes of a another that had followed them. Nor a second pair that was narrowed in jealousy from a shadowed corner of the street.