"Yes," she replied. "And your father...My, what a fine young man for a Slytherin. Died a brave death fighting off one of the most powerful and experienced duelers of all time," Ollivander said. Professor Mcgonagall snorted, and he sent a glare her way. "His was an aspen wand, ten and a quarter inches, pliable," Ollivander said, "As for your mother, on the other hand...She was a difficult one match. Unlike your father, who found the wand for him after only a few tries, your mother took hours to finally land her hands on the black walnut wand that she carried to her grave. Eleven and a half inches, rigid." He paused for a while as he scrambled to the back of the shop to carefully withdraw a single long box. "What about you, though, Miss Rosier? What wand will choose you in the end? Will you be just as adept at charmwork as your parents were?" he asked rhetorically as he lay the box on the table and took over the cover, revealing the pale wand underneath." He clapped his hands together, and the crazy measuring tape that was trying to measure the length between her two nostrils, jumped back onto the counter, and stopped moving. He took the wand carefully, and handed it to Isadora to hold. "Elm and unicorn hair, ten and three quarters," he said, holding out the pale wand. Isadora stared at it, unsure of what to do. "Well?" he demanded, "Give it a wave!" She barely took it from his hand when the wand got snatched away, and kept into its box again. Ollivander went back to his shelves, examining them carefully. "Hmm...what about this? Yes, acacia and phoenix feather, nine inches exactly," Ollivander proclaimed. Isadora took the wand and was about to wave it when Ollivander snatched it right back. "No, no, no, obviously not," he said. Isadora had no idea what he was looking for, but she was getting more and more uncomfortable as the number of rejected wands grew higher and higher, one box stacked on top of another. Especially when she waved the wand - she just felt so foolish when she did so, sometimes even as if someone else's hand had been sewn onto hers. But for some reason, Ollivander just seemed to get happier and happier with every rejected wand, and Isadora began to feel nervous that she would never get one, and uneasy about him. "Tricky customer, indeed," she heard him mutter, "But no worries, there is a wand here that will match you, never fear." She had no idea of he was talking to himself, or to her. As the hour clock ticked, Isadora grew more and more anxious. Only the reminder that her mother had spent hours searching for the right wand too kept her from being driven insane by the odd old man. At last, he held out another wand. This one was a dark coloured, slender wand with a rich deep hue and intricate carvings on the wand itself that gave it an air of mystery that drew Isadora to it in an instant. She took the wand, and there was a flash of bright blue light so fast and so vivid that it blinded them all for a second, causing unseen winds to whip their cloaks and buffett them with a wildness that should neither exist in the summer, nor in a small shop. "Bravo! Oh, bravo! At last your wand has chosen you. Beech wood and dragon heartstring, thirteen and three quarter inches, unyielding. I remember this wand very well, Miss Rosier. This particular heartstring was from a Peruvian Vipertooth, and you have no idea how difficult it was to get it from him - he fought tooth and nail, and it took about a hundred stunners all at once just to take him down," Ollivander said in admiration, "This wand is a fighter, I can tell you that. Use it well, Miss Rosier, use it well." There was an undeniable spark of youth and vitality when he described his tale that had not been seen in him previously before. She handed him the seven galleons, and with Ollivander bowing from within the shop, left with Professor Mcgonagall in tow. Professor Mcgonagall, to Isadora's great surprise, for her impression of her so far was of a stern and no-nonsense witch, allowed her to stop by the Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. Isadora scrambled into the brightly coloured shop, and took her time looking at all the different products. She was quite tempted to purchase most of the things in the shop, but in the end left with only several boxes from the skiving snackbox collection, including fever fudges and fainting fancies and puking pastille, knowing quite well that in the muggle orphanage, having a nosebleed would not excuse you from duty. On the other, having a fever, fainting, and puking were all things that would grant her absence from dreary tasks. She also bought the peruvian instant darkness powder and several decoy detonators, thinking them as useful buggers that could potentially aid her. Professor Mcgonagall met her outside when she had successfully hidden all the things she had bought. Isadora strongly suspected that Professor Mcgonagall had the general idea that she had purchased quite a number of "useful" things from the shop, but seemed determined to pretend that she had no idea, from letting her browse the shop on her own and waiting outside instead, to explicitly informing her that if such objects from the Weasley's Wizard Wheezes were to be seen in her possession, then she would have no choice but to confiscate them as her headmistress. They had dinner once again at the Leaky Cauldron. This time, they were joined by both Mrs Longbottom and Mr Longbottom, who introduced himself to Isadora as the Hogwarts' Herbology Professor. They had a pleasant evening, before Professor Mcgongagall dropped her off at the orphanage again, and she returned to her room with a heavy heart.