sound good on Angelina, but that was exactly the tone of her sharp exhalation. "It's not an easy question," she muttered, almost too low for him to hear. "I don't know if that's such a good idea," she said. At that, George let his frustration at her evasiveness get the better of him. "Bloody hell, Angelina, if you've got a problem with me then just say it," he snapped. She jumped to her feet, her chair scraping on the floor as it almost toppled over, and he cursed himself for saying the wrong thing. "I should go," she blurted. "Ange—" he began, but she was already halfway to the door. For half a second he debated following her, and then he leapt up as well, dodging tables and chairs until he caught up with her just outside on the other side of the entrance to Diagon Alley. "Ange, wait a minute!" She was close enough that he could have grabbed her arm but he was pretty sure she'd punch him if he tried. Mercifully, she stopped and turned around to look at him. He just stared at her for a moment. "What's going on with you?" And me, he could have added, but that implied that there was a she and him, which there was most definitely not. She stared him down but he didn't blink, being well used to her states of high dudgeon from Hogwarts. Finally, she sighed, her shoulders drooped, and she took several steps away from the entrance to the Leaky Cauldron, to a spot more hidden from view and where people weren't staring as much. He supposed a certain amount of staring was to be expected—she, after all, was a famous Quidditch player, centre Chaser for the Ballycastle Bats and fairly brilliant at it, and he wasn't unknown himself, though he preferred the admiration of the wizardlings and witchlets in the shop to being known as one of the Heroes of the Battle of Hogwarts. After another long moment, she sighed in frustration. "Have you got any idea how—how scary it is looking at you?" Angelina demanded. George pretended not to know what she meant. "Scary? Me? Wrong Weasley. You're thinking of my mum, or possibly Ginny." Then, because he could see how much the admission had cost her, he sighed. "Yeah, Ange. I know. And yet we keep running into each other." Strictly speaking, this wasn't exactly true, as one of those occasions had been planned, but it was fair to assume that they would run into each other. It was fair to say that they had , in the past year and a half. So what if they'd left their interactions to a mumbled hello and then an awkward good-bye? For the love of God, she had come into the shop to talk to him. He'd have loved to chalk it up to women in general, but he'd a feeling this was an Angelina-specific issue. "The Wizarding world isn't a big place," she mumbled, not meeting his eyes. For a minute, he let her act like a prat, refusing to look at him when she obviously wanted to. "Hey, Angelina. Just say what you want to say." She kept up her prattish behaviour for another minute or two, and then, finally, she looked at him, drew a deep breath, and said in a rush, "You're not Fred." "Cor blimey," he said in a flat tone. "Really? Why haven't I been told before now?" She looked gutted by his sarcasm, and he immediately felt guilty. "Ange—sorry." Her arms were crossed over her chest again in that now-familiar shielding gesture. He really wished she didn't feel the need to do that around him. Then again, maybe he didn't make it easy for her. Certainly he hadn't just a minute ago. "Merlin help me, George, I actually missed seeing you. I lost Fred for good and then I lost you , except you're right here and I thought we could be friends, even though—even though you—" She didn't finish the sentence, but George knew what she meant— even though you look just like Fred . He supposed he didn't blame her, really. He hadn't much choice; it was his own face and he had to get used to seeing his dead brother every day, but he knew how she felt; he'd been terrified to look in the mirror for a full week after the Battle. Stupid really, it'd never been out of his mind that Fred was dead, but somehow his reflection had made it worse. He'd got over it. Angelina didn't need to. "That's why I came to see you," she said, sounding miserable. "I thought I should be able to be a normal person; get on with my life, see my mates, you know? Except I got in there and I couldn't, George. I looked at you and all I could see was Fred, and that's… pathetic , isn't it?" "Not really," George said in a feeble attempt at levity. Luckily, she just ignored it. "It's not fair. To you, I mean. It's terrible of me. You don't deserve that." She looked as though she was going to go on, but then she met his eyes and her expression twisted into something close to self-loathing—too close to it, as far as George was concerned. "I don't blame you," he said. Her expression twitched. "Look, I get it. I do. Mad as it sounds it was sort of the same for me." He thought about reaching out and touching her shoulder but didn't. There would've been something of the absurd in his inability to take a hint. "I think—I mean, I'd like to be friends again, Ange. But I get it. Too soon. Maybe it'll always be too soon." The self-loathing melted from Angelina's face. "I hope it isn't, George. I really do." And he didn't say it, because he could feel that it was time to let her walk away, but he did, too.