secret." Sirius asked wanting to know what James's Patronus was. "Oh right, I was a little surprised at first but after reading up on it after I understood. It was a stag. Turns out most if not all Animagi have their Patronus's take the same form as their Animagus self. Ya know since Animagi take their forms based off personality and with the memory you choose somehow tells the person who you are too. Well it's basically the same." James said as he exited the compartment. "What do you think it was? His dream I mean" Peter asked Remus. "The randy prat probably didn't say out of shame." Sirius said as he grinned widely. "No I believe you would be more like that Padfoot." Remus said sighing and smiling gently but rather insultingly. "Well if the whole Animagus thing is true you'll have a pretty tiny Patronus Wormtail. Also since you're a werewolf Remus we have no idea what yours will be." Sirius said to his friends. "Actually it's rare but a Patronus can be a magical creature. So mine might be a werewolf after all." Remus said. After the sorting was over Dumbledore walked up to the golden owl podium. "Another year welcoming back our current students and greeting our new one's. Now that we are all sorted, I would like to point out for the first years that the Forbidden Forest is strictly out of bounds to all students. Also our caretaker Mr. Filch would like me to remind you if you have any trinkets he deems inappropriate to come and check his list so they can be confiscated." Dumbledore said with a kind smile. "Now let us all tuck in and enjoy our feast." Mountains of food surfaced on each table and students were talking about what happened during their summer. "Nothing really, even if I am old enough to use magic I find it way boring away from school." Said Amy Hishkens. "I went on a trip to Iceland for a month to visit my older sister. She moved there with her husband a few years back." Anna Michenkirk added. "What about you James?" asked Irma Kadren. Sirius put his arm around James's shoulder. "He got to spend every moment with his adopted brother." Sirius laughed. "Your still living with James?" asked Irma. "Yea got a problem? Maybe your just jealous?" James took Sirius's hand and pulled his arm off. "He's staying with me now." Anna blushed a little and turned to James."I forgot to mention how good the Badge looks on you." "Yea who knew both Head Boy and Head Girl would be in Gryffindor." Mathew Dwinken said surprised and a bit jealous. "It was obvious he'd get it though. James Potter, most popular guy in school, brilliant, cute, Quidditch Captain, you really shouldn't be so shocked." Irma laughed noting how good James's life is. Then Lily chimed in "Yes well as much as Potter loves to be the center of attention and the source of every nightmare an authority figure has, he now has responsibilities. So no more skiving off." "Don't you think Dumbledore would have pulled me aside by now and told me all this? He chose me to be Head Boy without requesting me to change." James told her. "Potter as much as you love having no regard for the rules that has to change whether you like it or not, and you know it." Lily argued with him "Are we all going to have a bloody row with you all year Evans?" asked James "Of course not, only to you Potter. Since it may be the only way to keep you in line, so you can learn to keep others in line. Honestly what was Dumbledore thinking." "Yes well I might say the same, brilliant man like him should have known you'd go all power hungry." James retorted "I am not power hungry. We both know the only reason you see me as a hag is because you're the only one who drives me that mad." Remus cut in saying "Honestly I'm starting to question Dumbledore's judgment myself. Allowing you to be partners. The man isn't blind to Lily's annoyance of James." Remus said. "Maybe he did it to help James out." Sirius smiled insinuating Dumbledore was trying to make James and Lily closer. "Well he's a year late." Said James. "And what's that suppose to mean?" asked Lily confused. "It means Evans you don't have to be so worried about me going for you 10 times a day this year." "Wait so your big crush on Lily is over?" Amy asked hoping along with other girls he'd say yes. "There comes a point where even I give up." James said laughing. "So does working with me seem more bearable now?" Lily didn't answer as she sipped her Pumpkin juice. However James friends looked curious at this as the feast ended. "Alright now that we have all caught up with our friends have been well fed let us all have a good nights rest for our first day of classes tomorrow." James and Lily got up leading the Prefects and telling them what to do. "Potter I'll patrol the top floors and you can get the bottom." James agreed with Lily. He already knew the Castle perfectly due to his map. After he went around for about an hour he headed for Gryffindor tower. "Ignis Draco" the portrait door opened and the common room was empty. It was nearing 11:30. James was so tired he went straight to bed. He had his own private room and he really liked the quiet, peace and privacy. However he missed his friends somewhat. He fell straight asleep. The next chapters will be longer and more interesting. This is more of laying the ground work/information chapter. I've already wrote 7 chapters it's just a matter of uploading / editing them later. Hope you liked and give good reviews. Be honest but be nice! = )