names she had been called for eleven years. Freak. Abomination. Child of the Devil. Filth. Monstrosity. And apparently only one had ever fitted: Witch. If she hadn't been this worried right now, Rosalyn might have smiled. Dumbledore seemed to hear her track of thoughts because he shook his head vehemently. "No Miss Burke, there's nothing wrong with you. But then again it's true that not every witch has the abilities you have. In fact, I know of none. What did you call it? Looking down the path of someone? What a lovely description, indeed. Sometime, in the future, we will sit together and talk about your gift Miss Burke." "I was told it was a curse", Rosalyn mumbled self-consciously. "I believe you will very much appreciate your first Charms class, Miss Burke. Where you will learn to differentiate curses from spells, hexes and jinxes", Dumbledore chuckled good-naturedly. "So is it true then? I will go to school here? With other witches? And wizards?", Rosalyn asked, daring again to hope. "You will, half a year from now. Until then, you will stay with a new family. That's what I wanted to talk about with you today. I've found a place for you and I think there couldn't be a better one." Rosalyn fell silent at the explanation. "What if they don't like me?", she said with a small voice. Images floated through her head which she wasn't exactly keen on reliving again. Dumbledore did not look worried at all. "Despite what you have experienced, Miss Burke, it is really difficult not to like you." Rosalyn gave him a weak smile. "That's the spirit. I will fetch them now, if you allow me." Did she have a choice but to nod? Rosalyn didn't think so. Dumbledore exited the room only to come back with two people. Rosalyn didn't have to look down their paths to know they were wizards. The man and the woman wore robes similar to Professor Dumbledore's and Professor McGonagall's. The witch wore her long, raven hair fashionably coiffed. She had pinned her curls artfully around her face, which gave her rather sharp jaw a soft feature. Her blazing grey eyes could have been intimidating, if it weren't for the beaming smile she wore. The wizard looked a bit dishevelled, for the grey-streaked mop of hair on his head stood up in every direction. He had gentle brown eyes however and a smirk on his face. Rosalyn already liked them both. "Charlus and Dorea Potter have agreed to give you a new home, Miss Burke." " Agreed ", Dorea scolded the Headmaster and swatted him on the shoulder. "We're overjoyed to take you home Rosalyn." Rosalyn eyed the witch with awe. Not only had she corrected the wizard, she had swatted him. The girl decided that this witch must indeed be very brave. "Don't look at me like that", she laughed. "Charlus, don't just stand there, you'll make her feel uncomfortable. Say hello to our little girl." They both sat down on the hospital bed. Rosalyn gulped. What would they expect from her? Although Professor McGonagall had reassured her that she actually belonged in the wizarding world, she had no idea how this world worked. Rosalyn decided to get her answers in the only way she knew. She looked up and locked eyes with the witch sitting on her bed. I'll give you one more chance Dorea, accept the hand of Terrence Yaxley and we'll all forget that you've ever laid eyes on that Muggle-related..." Not that it matters, father, but Charlus is a pure-blood like yourself." "They haven't been cut off the Sacred Twenty-Eight for no reason, child! Don't talk about things you know nothing about." "Fine." "Fine? You're agreeing to my conditions?" "No, father. I meant "Fine, I'm leaving then." Blast me of the family-tree all you want, I don't care. Charlus is a good man and I will marry him. With or without your consent." "You insolent little.." "Please calm down, darling. I can't bear seeing you like this." "Oh, yes. Calm down. Excellent idea, Charlus. You know who told me the exact same thing? The bloody healer in St. Mungos. Calm down! She said it was stress related. That I shouldn't work myself up. How could I not be stressed? I'm 36 already and I'm not getting younger! Is she a bloody witch or not? It's her job to fix me, not to give me some hufflepuffy advice!" "Dorea. I want a child too, believe me. Merlin, nothing would make me happier. But sometimes things just aren't meant to be and the path fate has laid out for us…" "Don't you dare bring fate into this, Charlus Potter! I want to have a child, a family of my own! And providence will have no say in this matter. I will have a child one day, or children if we're at it, and be it by sheer force of will." "He is beautiful, Dorea. I can't tell you how much I love you right now." "He looks exactly like you. People won't believe I was involved in any way." "If he's going to have half the ego you have, Darling, nobody will doubt his origin." "I wouldn't have thought I could love somebody more than you. I'm sorry, but it's the truth. I won't let anything bad happen to this little man." "I won't let anything bad happen to you both." Dorea gasped audibly as the connection broke. She had been warned by Dumbledore that something like this could happen but apparently, she had not been prepared properly. She couldn't describe the connection, but she somehow felt like this little girl knew her deepest fears and greatest joys now. She felt like this girl had seen her soul. "I would say I'm sorry", Rosalyn said thoughtfully. "But I believe the family you have now is a better one." "Oh child", Dorea whispered and had to blink back her tears. "You too belong to that family now."