course of the next half hour, his face began to purple dramatically. Harry decided, in the massive blow-up that was no doubt going to occur upon her return to Privet Drive, she was not going to mention the low, hissing voice she'd heard as she caught up with the Dursleys. " Brazil, here I come. Thanksss, amigo. Good luck. " " You're welcome, " Harry had murmured, but she still wasn't sure whether the snake heard. As far as Harry saw, the freedom-seeking snake had done nothing more than nip playfully at the boys' shoes, but by the time Harry, Piers and the Dursleys were safe in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was recounting how it had nearly bitten off his leg, and Piers swore that it had tried to squeeze him to death. Harry sat between them, listening to their stupidly exaggerated recountings of events and wondering what was so bad about the book at her waist that it had driven the previous owner to such madness. No-one was punching her, which was good because her ribs were still aching from last time, and because Piers was so riled up by the boa constrictor, he was unable to bring her "freakish" conversation with it to anyone's attention. "And Harry was talking to it. Weren't you, Harry?" Well, Harry thought bitterly. That was that. Thanks, Piers. The moment Piers was safely through the front door, Uncle Vernon grabbed Harry by her hair and pulled her down into an armchair to be lectured. He stood before her, mouth working, but it seemed he was too angry to form words. Harry watched, heart fluttering in her chest. Her scalp hurt, and though the Dursleys, aside from Dudley of course, didn't make a habit of hitting her, it looked as though Uncle Vernon really wanted to. Finally, he choked out: "Go — Cupboard — stay — no meals." And with that, he collapsed to the sofa, and as Harry scurried to the cupboard, she heard Aunt Petunia pouring him a drink. Brandy, most likely. Harrietta lay in the dark, curled on her side, as the lock clicked in the cupboard door. Her heart was thundering in her ears, and her breathing was rapid and uncontrolled. For a little while, she just lay still, eyes closed, trying to calm herself. They hadn't hit her; they wouldn't—not like that. People would notice if they hit her like that, and the Dursleys couldn't have people noticing her, their abnormality. When her heart had slowed, she slid the black book from her waistband and rummaged beneath the cot for Dudley's old flashlight. The light was small, and the beam was beginning to waver because the batteries were running out, but it would be enough to see by. Switching on the light, Harry examined the book. It was plain black leather, with a year and a place stamped on the back. 1942: Vauxhall Road. Flipping to the first page, Harrietta found it was blank, but for the name T. M. Riddle penned out in faded ink. The rest of the old pages, she saw, were empty and harmless. Reaching for an almost-dry red marker, Harry opened to the first page and wrote: Today, I set a snake on my relatives. It was fun. I don't know how I did it, but I'm glad I did. I got locked up for it, but I still don't care. They deserved it. Though the words weren't necessarily true, they were vibrant red and angry splotches on the page. She wanted to see them there once in a while, just so she'd be sure she wasn't crazy; she had caused that glass to vanish, and a snake had gone free. But the words didn't stay where she wrote them; they began to fade, red ink going pink, until the page ate them entirely. In the same slightly-faded red ink as Harry's marker, new words appeared in a neat, flowing script: And why was it fun? Because I'm not a freak, Harry responded, without hesitation, and she jabbed the blunt tip of the marker into the paper with all the force she had. I didn't say you were, the diary replied, and if it had a tone, that tone would have been cool amusement. Sometimes, I make things happen, but I don't mean to. They used to be things that affected only me, but all I did was free a snake today. That has nothing to do with me. Harry wrote quickly, in an untidy scrawl that marched in slanted lines across the page. Interesting, the diary responded in small, neat writing at the top of the paper. Harrietta got the distinct impression that the book wasn't really interested. Am I crazy? Harry prattled on. I have not implied so, but you may be, replied the diary, writing in short starts and stops, as though it were trying to be tactful. I don't know you; you haven't even given me your name. You claim to have set a snake on your relatives, but didn't give any detail as to how you did so, other than stating vaguely that "I make things happen." And yet, a diary replies to your frantic ranting and you don't seem to bat an eye. And then there's me. I am an enchanted diary, so who am I to judge! If one was sane when they found me, I went and ruined that somewhere along the line. What? Harry asked, and her question was promptly swiped away, to be replaced with: This is going to be a long night... Author's Note: I do not own HP; JKR does. Anything you recognize is from Chapter 2 of Philosopher's / Sorcerer's Stone. So I wanted to start something with the first sentence of Philosopher's Stone, and it escalated. ... And then I abandoned it, but I'm happy to say, it's back and better than ever! Yeah, maybe not. But the first chapter is edited, so I hope everyone enjoys it! —Avra Kedavra