vacant expression; never once noticing that Harry entered the room. "Hey Ron," Harry called out, tapping Ron on the shoulder. "What's wrong with you?" "Nothing," Ron quickly replied, startled by Harry's touch. "Hmm…are you sure? Because you look almost as bad as I feel." Averting his eyes, Ron kept quiet; but noticing that Harry was still waiting for an answer, he yelled out: "It's nothing Harry. So will you just drop it?" Anger radiating from his entire being Harry yelled back: "Fine! act like a fucking hypocrite…how many times now have you ignored me when I've asked you to do the same thing, but the first time I do it, you act like an ass!" "Sorry Harry…" Ron replied, sighing. He felt bad for the way he responded; but didn't think that he could have reacted any better at the moment, regardless of his feelings. "…I don't know…I've just been a bit edgy today." "That's fine, I know how you feel," Harry responded with a humorless laugh. "So Harry…how did you do it? Get across the age line I mean. I have been sitting here for a while, but I can't come to any conclusions: at first I thought, maybe the invisibility cloak…but no, that wouldn't have worked, and the aging potions that Fred and George tried, didn't work either. So I've been curious…how? "Ron," Harry said, unsure of how to answer, anger getting the better of him. "Why do you think I got across the age line?" Harry asked, being terse, emotional strain beginning to leak into his voice. "Well, there is the one thousand Galleon prize money; and the other day, you did say that you wouldn't have minded entering yourself," Ron said, shrugging his shoulders. Anger roused, unabated to the forefront of Harry's mind. He was trying to control his anger; but the day's events, along with Ron's incessant pride and jealousy, was beginning to wear on Harry's nerves. "Ron…I have to ask, were we ever friends; or did you just want someone famous for a best friend?" Harry asked, knowing the stupidity of his question, he did not believe Ron to be such a person; but the constant jealousy, along with having to be cautious over mentioning the fact that he had money; often left him wondering. The tips of Ron's ears began to turn bright red (which was always a bad sign; meaning Ron was about to explode) but Harry did not care at the moment, anger welled up inside and he was about to pounce—like a beast who spotted its prey. "I have always tried to be a good friend Ron—you were my first friend; you are my best friend; but why is it like I am always walking on eggshells around you: avoiding the topic of money, and getting glared at when people start fawning over me…have you never once noticed that I hate it when people do that, it makes me uncomfortable!" "You don't care about money—yet I never have any—so obviously I would be a bit sore about it! My best friend is rich and famous; while I sit off to the side, a penniless loser, nobody pays attention to." "You have it all!" "I... have it all...?" Harry voiced out, words so cold, that it brought a chill to Ron's back (Causing him to shiver and sweat). It was then, that a small smile crept up, onto Harry's face (Devoid of any humor, or even the slightest bit of warmth). Never had Harry felt such anger in his life, and he was not about to let Ron walk away unscathed. So, with great solemnity, Harry asked, "Then where is my family Ron? You say I have everything…yet the one thing that I have always yearned for alludes me…." "Ron, I'll tell you, I'll tell you the one thing that I've never discussed, even with you and Hermione—since the fact that you finding me locked in my bedroom and barred up, in my second year didn't tell you anything, and all it seems to amount to you is, just another day in the fabulous life of Harry Potter." "Last year I took lessons on how to do a patronus charm, right?" Harry asked, evoking a confused nod from Ron. "In those times did you think it was fun and games?" Harry asked, and Ron gave a noncommittal shrug. "Think how it was Ron, those memories the Dementors gave to me, they were the final moments of my parent's life. My parents Ron—who died to protect me! I had to watch it all—relive it—since these are my worst memories," Harry said, voice dropping. "Think how it is, watching your father prepare to face the most heinous Wizard alive—without a wand—in order to protect you and your mother. Imagine listening to his shouts, and the incessant cackling of a madman as he struck him down." "Then imagine after that, that your mother hid with you—knowing there was no place to hide in the house. How do you think it was for me after that Voldemort found us, as she plead for my life—offering her own in exchange." "Then imagine the flashing green light, eliciting her her death," Harry said, paled expression from talking of a taboo subject for himself, holding back his tears. "This is what it cost me, to get this money and fame Ron, and to be honest, after everything that happened today, I don't think I have what it takes to be friends with someone who is jealous of every aspect of my life, especially when that person had already seen firsthand, on how the Dursley's treat me," Harry said, clenching his teeth, as he laid down, covering himself and trying to get some sleep, in hope of the anger clouding his mind to fade. After Harry covered himself, Ron sat upon his bed in shock. He couldn't understand, how did a few simple words, turn to this? He never thought that his jealousy might lose him his best friend.