it be too much to ask my Head Boy and Girl to meet with me in my office before they turn in for the night. I have a few things from the other professors to go over with you before night patrols begin tomorrow night." Dumbledore released their shoulders, and waited for them both to nod in agreement before he spun around gracefully, and began drifting out of the Hall and towards his office. Lily stood up, with only a bit of help from James, and waved good night to Alice as they walked away after their Headmaster, hand in hand. A few people still left in the Hall followed their Heads with interest, their robe covered hands seeming to become a heated point of discussion for the students of Hogwarts. Once the two were out in the corridors, Dumbledore waiting just outside the door for them, the old professor chuckled, his eyes twinkling with mirth. "I see my meddling may have come a year too late, if the student body's rumours are indeed true." Dumbledore smiles, his long beard swaying as he chuckles silently. James gives the professor a confused look, "Meddling, sir?" "Yes, I believe myself and Professor Flitwick owe Professor McGonagall five galleons. She truly believed the two of you had begun dating last term, however, I thought you still needed a bit of a push. I see I was wrong. This way." And he spun around, continuing to move casually towards the corridor his office door stood. Lily and James stood shocked, staring after their teacher as he whistled joyfully down the bare halls of Hogwarts, as if he hadn't just dropped a huge bomb on their heads. James looked over and down at Lily, seeing she was shocked but trying not to laugh after their teacher. "I was wondering how you managed to nab Head Boy over MacPherson in Hufflepuff." James gave her a gasp of shock, his hand going up to clutch at his heart, "Lily pad, how could you doubt me so?" Lily gave him a droll look, and began dragging him with her after their Headmaster, "Never call me that again." James just shrugged, unconcerned at being shot down, "I'm working on it." Lily hides her grin, and continues to pull James along with her until he matches her quick pace, and they catch up with Dumbledore enough to only be a few steps away when they arrive at the griffin statue. Both Gryffindors stay well back, aware of just how the magical door opens suddenly. Lily from her previous stint as a Prefect, and James from backlash of many a prank over his last seven years at Hogwarts. Dumbledore seems to sense they are behind him, "Fizzy Wizzy." James chuckles at the unorthodox password choice, but leads Lily up behind Dumbledore into the round office space. "What was it you needed us to hear, Professor?" Lily asked politely, releasing James' hand in lieu of taking one of the seats facing Dumbledore's desk. Dumbledore took his own seat, leaning forward onto the desk surface. "Mr Potter, please take a seat as well." "Sure, sir," James quips, but is silently upset to miss the chance to play with the gadgets in the huge office. "Now, I need to tell the both of you, now that we are safely alone, that I've led you here under false pretence." Lily frowns at him, unsure what he means. Dumbledore waits patiently, allowing a moment for any disagreeance. However, even James is silent, curious enough to wait. "I may be in need of the resources you two have available to you, as Heads of Hogwarts." "Are these 'resources' educational? Or otherwise?" Lily asks, but Dumbledore only inclines his head, neither disagreeing or agreeing. "Allow me to be more clear; You both are aware of the threat shadowing our world?" "Voldemort." James says bluntly, causing Lily to shiver, and Dumbledore to give him a stern look, but does not reprimand him. "Yes Mr Potter, and I'm afraid his sway over many of the pure-blood wizarding families has become stronger over the summer." James' glare became darker, making Dumbledore back track, "There has been an accounted for three murders of known muggle born witches and wizards in the past month." Lily's jaw dropped, while James' clenched, his fists pressed hard against his thighs. That was the most accelerated number of deathly hate-crimes to date. "What's being done?" Lily asked, the first to collect herself. Dumbledore gestured to the three of them vaguely, "This. I've asked you here as a sign of partnership, and invitation to join me and a small group of rebels, working towards stopping the Dark lord from raising, and causing such destruction in the population." Lily was silent, trying to understand what was being offered to her. James on the other hand looked tensed and ready to jump into battle as soon as possible, a true Gryffindor through and through, "I've never heard of this group before." "That's because I am personally forming it, and am only asking the most trusted, brave people I know to join me." Lily only felt a small burst of pride, knowing she had been one of the chosen by Dumbledore himself, and that meant a lot to her. "What is this group called?" James continued asking, for once taking the lead in questioning, able to collect his thoughts quicker than Lily in this situation. Dumbledore leans back in his chair, steepled fingers underneath his chin in thought, watching the two young students seated before him. Finally, he lifts his chin, not looking away from either student. "I've dubbed it the Order of the Phoenix." .:* * * *:. A/N: I. Am. In. Love. I've never been able to type anything Jily (James/Lily) without it sounding forced or repetitive. I'm loving this, and I really hope you are too! Please let me know, either through PM or review, how this story sounds to you, and if you'd like to see more!