clad in only her button up shirt, tie, skirt, and the required black shoes. After days of ignoring the pull he had felt, Severus finally admitted that he was attracted to the young woman. And in the months following, he would even start to appreciate her stunning intelligence and quick personality. And so, with the resulting sexual tension, Severus had been forced to wank in an attempt to rid himself of what he viewed as adolescent desires. With the completion of the exams, Severus found himself more and more unable to ignore the young woman, and so decided to head to the bathroom for a quick shower, possibly a wank, and then off to bed. When he arrived at the bathroom, the door was unlocked, so he quickly strode in, only to be accosted by a room full of steam, and the most wonderful, and slightly familiar scent. Unsure of what was going on, he quietly stepped further into the bathroom before spotting a head of brown curls. He froze, trying to decide whether to make his presence known, or to run out as quickly as possible. The idea of this particular witch naked only a few yards in front of him, had his trousers tightening painfully. It was at this time that Hermione moaned loudly, so caught in her fantasy that she hadn't heard the door open, or the subsequent footsteps. Hearing that moan, Severus adjusted himself in his trousers, turning as quietly as possible to remove himself from the room. As he was walking back towards the door, he heard his name said in a breathy tone. He gasped and turned quickly, meeting Hermione's eyes through the steam. With the surprise of seeing Severus, Hermione had left the dildo in her pussy, nearly forgetting it except for the constant vibration. She gasped and moaned, unable to stop herself. She tried to adjust, to remove the toy and attempt to talk her way out of the awkwardness, but the fantasy in combination with the toy still deep in her pussy had resulted in her being very close to the edge. The shift in position had the toy hitting her g-spot, and Hermione came with a shout, eyes closed, unknowingly uttering Severus' name. Seeing Hermione in the throes of passion had made Severus more aroused than ever before. The sound of his name coming from her lips caused something inside him to snap. He disposed of his clothes, and waded into the bath, coming to a stop in from of Hermione. She opened her eyes, shocked to see Severus unclothed and in front of her, and still feeling the aftershocks of her intense orgasm. Not fully in control her herself, and seeing a naked Severus, Hermione let out a moan, half closed eyes taking in what she could see of the man. He reached to ward her, cupping her face and pressing his lips against hers. Her arms came around his neck, tangling in his hair. "Fuck, Hermione." Severus groaned, hands trailing down her back, coming to rest on her ass. He pulled her to him roughly, the impact jostling the dildo still buried insider her. Hermione moaned, grinding herself against his length. He was larger than she had imagined, roughly the same length, but definitely thicker. The thought of him stretching her made her moan again. Severus brought one hand up to cup her breast, and moved the other between her legs. There he hit something hard and plastic. He pulled back from her, and pulled the dildo, still vibrating, out of her pussy. Hermione whined at the loss, and felt Serverus' cock twitch at the sight of the dildo. "Fuck, witch, were you fucking yourself with this?" Hermione nodded rubbing her legs together, missing the friction. "What were you thinking of while you fucked yourself, you dirty little girl" Hermione reached up to his head, kissing him before whispering in his ear, "I imagined you spanking me and bending me over, fucking me until I couldn't walk straight." Severus tossed the dildo to the side, and quickly turned her around so she was laying against the edge of the bath. The water was shallow enough that with her bent over the edge, her ass and pussy were out of the water, perfectly on display for him. He smacked one ass cheek, seeing the flesh redden and bounce, then the other. Hermione moaned, feeling herself gush down her legs. Severus, seeing that, spanked her again, harder. Hermione wiggled her ass, trying to relieve the tension, looking for some friction. Severus brushed one finger up the inside of her thigh, pausing before bringing it all the way up to her slit. He swore. "Baby, you're so fucking wet" he pushed one finger into her pussy and she moaned. "Please" she begged, pushing her ass back, looking for his cock. "Please what? What do you want me to do? You want me to spank you some more until you're dripping down your thighs? Or do you want me to fuck you with my thick, hard, cock?" Severus asked, pushing his dick into her clit. "Yes!" she gasped. "Yes what?" "Anything, everything, please just fuck me!" Severus slammed his cock into her tight pussy causing both of them to groan. He pushed into her roughly, pulling her ass back to meet his thrusts. He slapped her ass, and pushed into her harder, "Like this? Is this what you want?" "Yes, yes!" she exclaimed, his cock filling her like no other had. They moaned, both getting louder as Severus fucked her faster. He could feel her pussy starting to squeeze him harder and groaned, "Yes, Hermione, fuck, you like that? I can feel you getting close, witch. Cum on my cock!" They both shouted as he continued thrusting into her, slowing down before they both collapsed into each other. He brushed her hair out of her face, and kissed her slowly, "bloody hell, I've been wanting to do that for a long time."