who arranged this, Malfoy! Somehow, this was you!" Harry accused. Malfoy merely held up his hands innocently, but before he could reply their talk was broken by a cough. "If we could proceed with the ritual?" Mr. Weaves asked. Harry gave a final glare, but allowed it to subside in a manner that could only be taken as acquiescent. "Do you have everything you require, Lord Malfoy?" "Of course," Malfoy replied happily. "Very well. Lady Potter, if you could stand in the center there?" Ginny did so, if only reluctantly. "Lord Potter? If you would stand on your wife's left. Lord Malfoy, please stand on your prospective concubine's right." They did so, and then Mr. Weaves stood at the front, the aurors by the doors. Then he began chanting. Most of the ritual was a blur to Harry, who kept glancing at his wife's ashen face and Malfoy's expression of quiet satisfaction. He was cognizant of the fact, however, of the bizarre sensations his magic was giving him and the lights and sounds as it swirled around them, nor of the fact that, when it dissipated, he felt decidedly less manly and connected to Ginny. Finally, Mr. Weaves cleared his throat after all the chanting. "Lord Potter, please remove your wife's wedding ring from her left hand." It was the most painful thing Harry had ever had to do, and that was coming from a man who had been tortured by Voldemort. It felt as though he were removing a piece of his soul as he raised Ginny's left hand to look at her ring. Slowly, but ineluctably, his fingers grasped around it, and it came tenderly off her ring finger. Harry looked up to see tears streaking her cheeks, and he couldn't help wanting to do so himself. It was though he was undoing his marriage to her — in actions inverse to what he had done on that happiest day of his life. In way, he thought, he was. "If you would give the ring to Lord Malfoy," Mr. Weaves intoned. Harry's hand felt less like a hand than a claw as he extended it to Malfoy's outstretched palm, but even still the golden band dropped. "Lord Malfoy, if you would place the wedding ring on Lady Potter's right hand." Malfoy grasped Ginny's right hand far more roughly than Harry would ever have allowed to happen without a response and raised it. The Lord of the Potters merely glared at the offending limb, however. Without pretense, Malfoy slid Harry's wedding band onto Ginny's right ring finger, and there was a bright flash throughout the room. "The wedding band on the right hand signifies Lady Potter's status as an open-concubine, proclaiming to the world that she has a lord besides her husband. Lord Malfoy, if you could present the mark of concubinage?" Almost eagerly, Malfoy produced something from his pocket, and with a closer look Harry identified it as a choker. Malfoy would brand his wife with a choker. Harry held back the tears that were now threatening to take the place of his anger, which had slowly been boiling away. The choker itself was thin, about a three-quarter inch wide and made of some black, silky material. It was diaphanous, but nevertheless it was easy to distinguish that it was crafted so as to appear made of two snakes winding around each other to come together in the front to bite a small, bronze medallion bearing the Malfoy crest. "Very good, Lord Malfoy. Give the mark of concubinage to Lord Potter and instruct him as to its placement." Malfoy did so, handing Harry the choker, and then whispering roughly to him "Fasten it around her neck." "Do as Lord Malfoy has instructed, Lord Potter." With trembling hands, Harry moved behind Ginny, hating how she tensed when his hands touched her. With as gentle a touch as he could manage, as though she would vanish if he disturbed her too much, he lifted her chin and brought the medallion to her throat, lifting the fiery hair that he had always loved so much in order that he could bring the black straps of the choker around the back of her pale neck. As his fingers brushed the base of her head, Ginny closed her eyes, trying to stop the tears from escaping. Almost upon touching the two straps together, they lashed together and melded, seeming to become one as the choker shrunk to fit his wife, and the snakes writhed, throwing hints of green out in the light that Harry hadn't noticed before. There was another flash of light. "The mark of concubinage signifies Lady Potter's status as a concubine of the House of Malfoy for now and forever more, destined to serve her Lord Malfoy in addition to his wife. Finally, Lord Potter, if you would take your wife's left hand and stand before Lord Malfoy." A sick feeling in his stomach, Harry did so. "Now place her hand in Lord Malfoy's left, then bow to the new Master and Concubine, before taking your place behind them." If Harry had been set on fire at that very moment he would have been in more comfort than as he followed Mr. Weaves' instructions. All the same, Harry eventually placed Ginny's — his bloody wife's — hand in Malfoy's, bowed as he hadn't done willingly to Voldemort, and then stood behind them. "I now present to you all the new Concubine of House Malfoy, the Lady Ginevra Potter. Our business is concluded, and I wish you all a good day." Last Edit: 2017.4.8 A/N — Reviews are appreciated. Let me know if I should continue this story much. I have at least one more chapter to go, but depending on the response I may just tie the story off there and leave it as a ~20k fic, turning my attentions to other smut I have planned (such as a Ginny/Ginny one; I'll try working on some smut without Ginny though).