couldn't put food on the table? Why would he deserve a family if he couldn't bear to talk about the loss of purpose to his wife, whom he had once told everything to? Why would he deserve a family if he couldn't have presents for his children on Christmas, or on their birthdays, or even remember when their birthdays were? Why did he deserve a family if he couldn't do anything he needed to do as a father? He had thought about it. Day after day. For a few months now. He didn't. That was his answer. He drew further and further away, turning himself from their lives in a hope that one day he would wake up and be replaced with someone who could do his job better than he could, just like at the office. He figured the day would come when his children would wonder why he was a failure of a father, and move out and produce a better life for themselves, learning from his own mistakes. He feared that day, but knew it would come. This was not the first time Harry had left after having a fight with Ginny, though he would not be surprised if it was his last. After a short thought as of where to go, Harry apparated to the Grimmauld Place. He always found the dark, and generally uninhabited place free of dust, cobwebs, doxies, and anything else associated with an empty house. He wanted to believe that Kreacher was still cleaning up the house, after so many years, but it had been 21 years since he had seen him, and logic told Harry that probably wasn't so. Never in the few times he had recently visited had he seen or heard anything different with the house that wasn't his doing, though he did spend most of his time upstairs in Siris's old bedroom. In this room, he let himself delve into his past and, most importantly, his godfather's past. After all these years, the posters and wallpaper were crumbling and peeling from their surface. So desperately, Harry wanted to hold them up, as if doing so would somehow bring back a past he longed to live again. He looked around and sighed, seeing the mess of letters on the floor that he had gone through in his last visit, just reveling in everything his godfather had ever gotten from others, especially others who were now dead, through the consequences of war or age. With these, Harry thought he would miss everyone less and feel closer to them just by reading the words they had written so long ago. But he was wrong. It hurt more. All those brave people, who fought valiantly, who lost their lives, who lived to tell the tale to the next generation, had just vanished. With each year he aged, Harry attended more funerals than he wished he would ever attend in his life, and not only just after the war. His dear friends had been leaving him. One by one, he counted off, cried tears, and waited until the next. Before, he had something to distract him, something that saved other lives. Yet now, he stared all their deaths in the face, wishing life was not so cruel to him. To them. To everyone. It was true that he had died once. It was not so bad being there, but he felt the incessant and nagging feeling that the world was counting on him. If he did not have others, he might still be dead. That feeling plagued his mind when others died. Did they not feel the same thing? Sure, the world didn't count on them, but their family, their friends, surely they counted on them. Wouldn't that be enough to want to come back? He wondered if they had been selfish in their choice, or if they really cared for anyone at all. Harry rubbed at his forehead and let himself slowly down to the ground to sit. Suddenly, he felt tired. All his life he had been tired, it seemed. He needed rest. He needed sleep. He needed to be without dreams. He needed his job back. He needed a wife who understands. He needed friends to talk to. He needed to be Harry Potter again. Was he asking too much? Clearly he must be because he never seemed to get what he asked for. Laying his body onto the hardwood floor, Harry's hot cheek chilled against its coolness. In his school years, he had been so lucky to get by. He had wanted things, but had never really intended to get them. Back then, he would admit he had been so humble and grateful. Now, he had grown into having expectations. He expected people to recognize him as Harry Potter at first meeting. He expected to always be thanked about what he did back then. He expected to be cut a bit of slack in his everyday life around strangers. He knew he expected a lot, but growing up as a famous person sinks in sometime, and it sure as bloody hell hadn't sunk in while he went to Hogwarts (probably because he had lived with his aunt and uncle back then). He wanted to be able to give up these expectations, but would always find he couldn't. They were drilled into his brain. He wanted to be his old self again, but as selfish as he was, he could not bear himself to want to be back in that time, when the war plagued both muggles and wizards alike. If he was not really his old self, but this new selfish self, then who was he really? Against his own resistance, he fell asleep, immediately diving deep into a dream. Or rather, a nightmare. :) Thanks for reading! I don't know how often I'll be updating, but please keep reviewing to encourage (or remind me) to keep updating. Or even PM me. Seriously, I need the reminder and motivation.