fair. Not altogether too friendly, and on occasion slightly irritable, but he's a good person with values. It's hard to find, even now that most of the Death Eater influence has been removed from the Ministry." "Is that important, values, I mean?" Ron asked. "Of course it is!" Hermione looked across the table, shocked. "Well, you know what I mean. For the workplace," Ron tried to clarify. "We're dealing with essential cases, every day," Hermione said tightly. "Imagine if you were on the short end of a corrupt bargain, where your case isn't even heard because someone like Louis was bribed-" "I get it, Hermione. That was a dumb question," Ron said softly. Hermione frowned. Just because she wasn't part of the every day action that the Aurors faced didn't mean that her job wasn't just as important. "Anyways, I ran into Malfoy today-" she began. "Malfoy?" Ron interrupted. She gave him a pointed look, which kept him silent. "Yes, Draco Malfoy. He was in my meeting today about the St. Mungo's experimental research malpractice suit. It was a nightmare." "What happened?" Ron asked sympathetically. Hermione was slightly taken aback - it was rare for Ron to ever show an interest in her work. "Well, the prejudice against muggleborns apparently transfers to ivory-tower magic academia. The researchers at St. Mungo's are brilliant, no doubt, but many are pureblooded and hold the belief that muggleborns are inferior and incapable of understanding high level magical health research. Which is utter bollocks given that many of the Department of Mysteries researchers are muggleborn, but apparently that's not legitimate enough for them," Hermione gritted her teeth. "I snapped at them, and Malfoy later took me aside to point out that I gained no political allies having lost my temper. Irritating for me to hear, but true nonetheless." "I highly doubt that Malfoy of all people is a person to listen to, advice-wise," Ron commented. "Cowardly ferret is likely trying to save his own skin by manipulating you to think he's trying to help you out. Like father, like son. They're all snakes, the lot of them." Hermione sighed. "It wouldn't surprise me, but I'm hoping for better. Besides, it doesn't do us well to hold onto past grudges. Ultimately, prejudice is what caused this war, and we won't be any better than the Death Eaters if we hold onto prejudices the same way that they did." Ron looked at her oddly. "But it's the Malfoys." Hermione grimaced. "I know… but I'd take hypocritical, manipulative cowards over a psychotic executioner any day." Another menu and a few glasses of golden champagne later, a waiter and waitress were bringing out mouthwatering molten chocolate cake paired with a heavenly helping of rose-vanilla ice cream. Hermione couldn't help but smile as she recounted her finest memories of dates at Florian Fortescue's when she and Ron were first starting out. "Do you remember that time when Crookshanks nearly smashed your ice cream cone into your face?" Hermione giggled. "Bloody beast," Ron grinned lopsidedly, though it seemed a little tense. Hermione shrugged it off, passing it off as Ron's distaste for her half kneazle. Hermione noticed the two waiters hovering awkwardly around the table, having placed the desserts down. "Thank you, " Hermione said pointedly, hoping to hint that they were dismissed. Ron cleared his throat. "Oh, Hermione, I meant to introduce you to our waiters tonight," Ron smiled nervously. Hermione furrowed her eyebrows. "Oh! How do you know Ron?" Hermione asked conversationally. The waitress shot Ron a semi-panicked look. Hermione tensed. Had this waitress and Ron- "Well, first off, this is Will Yu, and this is Mary, and I'm me," Ron stumbled slightly over his words and then awkwardly fished around his jacket before standing up and beginning to walk towards Hermione. "Of course I know you're you, Ron," Hermione rolled her eyes, thoroughly confused, until her boyfriend sank down on one knee before her, holding out a little velvet box. The pieces fell into place, and a glance at the name tags of Will You and Marry Me confirmed it. Hermione gasped as she saw a deep ruby inset into a golden band, clutching her hand to her chest. "Oh Ron," Hermione choked out. "Did you get it or do I have to say it straight? I guess I didn't realize how confusing it could-" Ron was interrupted with a kiss. When they broke away for air, Ron smiled. "I take that as a yes?" he grinned. "Of course you moron," Hermione laughed, allowing her fiance to slide the ring onto her finger. "Honestly though, that was probably the most confusing proposal anyone's ever had the misfortune to encounter." "Well, it worked, didn't it?" Ron grinned right back, his happiness radiating as she laughed, agreeing. Engaged: War Hero Ronald Weasley and Heroine Hermione Granger , the Daily Prophet's headline splashed across countless stores and dining tables in private homes. Including Draco Malfoy's. He took one look at the photo of Hermione's brilliant smile and the light glinting off her left hand before angrily throwing the entire issue into the flickering tongues of the fireplace. He kicked the chair roughly before stomping off and slamming the door behind him. AN: Hello, my lovely followers! It's been far, far too long since I've updated anything, and I decided that since I was writing this and am quite a few chapters in, that I'd post it for you all. As you might be able to tell, this is starting off as a Romione, but I wanted to delve a little bit further into why their relationship wouldn't work in my world, rather than just cutting it off (cough I love THNW but it was my first fanfiction...). Be prepared for a long story and long breaks in between updates, as I'm finishing up my first year of college! This is going to be political, as well as plenty of biology (you know me). Please review, you'll be hearing from me soon!