if suddenly enlightened. "You mean because I'm a big bad Slytherin death eater and she's a filthy mudblood that we obviously couldn't study together?" "Do-" Harry opened his mouth to automatically shout at the Italian for daring to call her that word but he stopped when he saw the amused smile on Hermione's face. "I'm a half blood." Blaise supplied helpfully with a rueful shake of his head. "My mothers had just as many muggle husbands as magical." "You don't need to explain, Blaise." Hermione sighed sadly as she sat up straight and stretched, her regulation pleated skirt drawing up her thighs. Harry felt his mouth dry as his eyes strayed to the exposed bit of skin, Blaise snapped his fingers and frowned at the bespectacled boy. "If you're not a gentleman, I'll have to stay here and bear witness to this painful conversation." Blaise drawled caustically, shaking his head at Hermione with a fond smile on his face. "Blaise, I'll be fine." Hermione mumbled under her breath, her cheeks pink as she shooed him away. The tall Slytherin gave her a mock salute as he threw his bag over his shoulder before turning to Harry with a triumphant smirk. "You're friends with Zabini?" Harry said once the door closed behind the Slytherin, leaving them alone on the small room. He looked around for a moment before deciding on the seat Blaise recently vacated, situated just in front of the curly haired witch. It also trapped her on the window bench. "He doesn't like that word." Hermione smirked as she tried to relax back against the window, attempting to appear relaxed but Harry could see the tension in her shoulders. "Blaise prefers alliances or some such tosh, posh pureblood protocol." "So, how long have you been allies with Zabini?" Harry demanded, feeling the heat rising on his neck as he idly toyed with frayed end of his sleeve. "I believe he already answered that, Harry." Hermione answered coolly, turning away from him to look out the window with a frown on her face. "I'm sorry." Harry blurted out abruptly after a long, awkward silence where Hermione refused to look at him. "Why?" She asked softly, not bothering to look at him as she rolled her knee high socks up and down her calf idly. Harry was frozen as he watched, how had he not noticed how long her legs were? "For not noticing you're beautiful." Harry exclaimed in a panic when Hermione finally turned to look at him. His heart fluttered nervously in his chest as her face bloomed with color and she bit down on her plump bottom lip. Once again Harry cursed himself internally for not noticing before. "Is this because of the letter?" Hermione's eyes narrowed dangerously as she glared at him accusingly. "Yes." He sat back in shock at the harshness of her question, stunned that his panicked declaration could excite her ire. "Well, you don't have to lie." She snapped before taking a deep breath and looking down at her knees. "Like I wrote in my letter, I've moved on." Harry felt his heart pounding in his chest at her statement, not wanting to believe her. "You're lying." He said boldly, leaning forward in his chair so that his face was inches away from hers. There was a sense of achievement when he noticed that her breath hitch and her cheeks flushed with color. "Who are you to say that?" Hermione demanded, still refusing to look at him. "I'm sorry that you read that letter, you don't need to worry about sparing my feelings." "Im not! I'm glad I summoned that letter, if I didn't I would never have known you loved me!" Harry said heatedly, roughly grabbing her hand to try and gain her attention. "Did you really think I would toy with my best friends emotions? It's all I've been able to think about all day. So, I love you too." There was a beat of silence at Harry's bold statement, Hermione finally looked at him with wide eyes. Unsure of how to proceed he fidgeted in his seat. He originally had no intention of declaring his love for her, especially when he only just realized this new found feeling himself. After a full two minutes of complete silence where his best friend only stared at him, he started to worry that he made a mistake and was just about to open his mouth when she started to lean forward. His heart raced as he could only sit there and watch her descent. Harry stared, dumbfounded, as her caramel eyes fluttered closed just before her lips made contact, he could count the freckles that spattered across the bridge of her nose. Hesitantly, he reached out and wrapped an arm around her waist and the next thing he knew she was in his lap, her hands in his hair. His eyes were closed as he lost himself in the sensation of his best friend pressed deliciously into his body. There were no fireworks or bells ringing like he overheard the Gryffindor girls gossiping but he could feel his magic. It was like his magic woke up at her very presence and everywhere she touched him, his skin tingled pleasantly. "Wow..." Hermione said softly as she pulled away slightly, her lips bruised and puffy, he felt an odd sense of satisfaction at the slightly glazed look to her eyes. "How was it?" "Definitely not wet." Harry mumbled, saying the first thing that came to mind, he panicked momentarily as he accidentally compared the only two kisses he ever received. Out loud. In Front of the girl he just impulsively declared his love for. He feared she would rage and storm off, find Ron or Zabini to help her really get over him this time but he didn't have to worry because Hermione burst into a fit of giggles. "I love you." Hermione choked out between snorts of laughter before leaning in to kiss him again.