body. She focused on getting rid of his pants and pushing them down over his hips. Severus got the idea and kicked them off the rest of the way. "Hermione, are you sure about this?" He asked as he kissed a line down her neck. He needed to get the words out before he completely lost all ability to form complete sentences and the witch below him was making that increasingly difficult. He nipped at her earlobe when she merely nodded. She was more interested in kicking her down skirt down then answering him. "I need to hear you say it witch." He growled at her as he started to back off of her. "Yes. I want it! Severus please!" Hermione nearly yelled as she tried to pull him back. There was no way she could stop now. She was completely bare beneath him now and extremely turned on by that prospect. She grabbed him arms and pulled him down onto her again. This time she could feel his hard member hot against her thigh. She shifted slightly causing it to bump up against her folds. They both gasped at the sensation. Severus was currently kissing his way down her body. He had started right below her ear, alternating between kissing and nipping. Slowly making his way down her neck to her collarbone, licking the length of it. Spending not nearly enough time on each of her perfectly hard dusty nipples, giving equal attention to both before continuing further. Hermione was writhing below him, the man was going to make her scream before they had even truly gotten started. Finally, he reached his destination. His body had shifted down so his head was now between her thighs, his breath hot against her skin. She nearly screamed when she felt the first swipe of his tongue against her fold. Hermione's hands fisted into the sheets to keep herself still. She couldn't stop the moans and gasps that came out of her as he continued to torture her with his tongue. Soon, one long finger was inserted into her and she did scream then. A second and third followed and she couldn't take much more. She was completely overwhelmed by the feelings he was giving her. No one before had ever even come close to this. When his thumb pressed down on her clit she flew apart, screaming his name. His fingers continued to thrust inside her as she rode out wave after wave of her orgasm. When she finally came down from her high, Severus kissed her hard. To see this beautiful witch fall apart below him was indescribable. He was achingly hard and needed to be in her now. He positioned himself at her entrance and felt her juices coat the head and moaned. Gods, this witch tortured him without even trying. When Hermione looked up at him and nodded her consent he pushed into her in one long thrust and filled her to the hilt. The moans that came from both of them filled the room. Severus filled her so completely. She was so tight and hot around him that he needed to take a moment to collect himself or he would spend himself right then and there. Hermione, however, was not as patient. Within a few seconds she was pushing against him, urging him to start moving. She needed him to start moving, he was driving her crazy. The slow rhythm he started at first was not much better. Slowly pulling nearly all the way out and then thrusting all the in to the hilt, bumping against her cervix every time making her gasp. Her nails dug into his shoulders. "Faster." She gasped as he thrust particularly hard. Severus smirked. "As you wish." He mumbled into her ear as he increased his pace. Driving into her now with everything he had. They were both quickly nearing their points and he was determined to make her fall apart again before he did. He changed the angle and hit that spot that made her scream. It was music to his ears. He could feel her walls starting to flutter around him and knew she was so close. Three more fast, hard thrusts later and she was falling apart all over again. Her walls clenching around him, pulling him over the edge with her. He yelled her name as he released inside her. It was incredible, no one else he had been with could compare to her. Careful not to crush her, he rolled onto his side as he pulled out of her. He laid there staring at the ceiling for a moment, collecting his breath. Hermione laid next to him, her legs still entwined with his. He loved the feel of her lying with him. It was definitely something he could get used to. Hermione could not believe the turns today had taken. Less than an hour ago she had just been silently pining for the headmaster, hoping one day he would notice her as more than just a close friend. Now, he was lying next to her, his hand twirling one of her errant curls, having just given her the best shag of her life. She would not let him run and hide away from her. Now that they had been together, she didn't think she could ever be with anyone else. "Well Professor Granger, I do believe potion #37 will be successful in your target market. Have you decided to do a trial before the convention?" He asked. Hermione smiled. "I have thought of it, but I believe our accidental trial was more than enough evidence for me. However, I always believe in testing multiple times to get a definite conclusion. Maybe this time without the potion?" Severus smirked. "Anything for you." He said as he kissed her. Maybe something good would actually come from this disaster of a day. He would definitely have to find a way to give Mr. Matthews a few points for his help.