a fight, which made Renee suspicious. She had expected an escape attempt, especially from Edward. When they reached the fort they found Liza and Scorpius locked together by the lips. "Liza!" Renee yelled as Edward cheered, "Scorpius!" "He's the enemy! You're supposed to defend our fort!" Renee fought hard to suppress a grin. It was so obvious how much those two liked each other. "Well done, Scorpius," Edward admired. "Effective way to take over a fort, I'll have to remember that one." Renee glared at Edward before turning to Liza. "What are you doing?" "Switching teams." Liza grinned wickedly as she fired snowballs at Renee and Edward. They retreated to the fort where a confused Albus was waiting. "What happened? Where's Liza? Why's he here?" he asked Renee in quick succession, indicating Edward. "Liza's gone to the dark side. Edward has joined our team. What do we do now?" "Well, I can't use Scorpius's means of taking over the fort as the only single girl is now on my team," Edward observed, which made Albus look to Renee in confusion. "When we made it over there we found Scorpius and Liza making out," she explained. Albus looked appreciative, which made Renee scowl at the both of them. Suddenly, Edward's face lit up. He looked at Renee with a mischievous gleam in his eyes. "I hope you don't throw snowballs like a girl." Ten minutes later, Edward and Renee were standing in the castle looking out over the battlefield. Their view from the first floor looked right down upon the fort, where all the enemies were currently hiding. Edward had used his wand to Summon snow to their hiding post and to make sure that it wasn't going to melt. "We never said that we wouldn't use magic on the snow, just not against each other," he defended himself sweetly when Renee raised an eyebrow at him. "There's Al." Edward pointed out to the open field where Albus was being a splendid decoy. Gathering his snowballs, Edward asked, "Okay, you know the plan, right?" Renee nodded and prepared her snowballs as well. When the others noticed Albus, they started firing at him, which was Edward's cue to jump out the window onto the raised snow pile and attack from behind. Once some of them turned to start attacking Edward, Renee pelted them with snowballs from her perch in the window. Rose was the first to go down. Once she did, Renee jumped out the window and rolled down the bank to assist Edward. Liza and Scorpius lasted a minute longer, but they too surrendered. "Woo!" Edward cheered. He grabbed Renee and swung her around. When he set her down, he looked into her eyes. Renee noticed how his eyes were a lovely shade of chocolate brown as he leaned in towards her. Their moment didn't last long. Albus came over and clapped Edward on the back, forcing him to take his eyes from Renee's. They celebrated while they walked into the castle. By now it was getting dark and everyone needed to get changed before dinner. At dinner Edward, Albus, and Scorpius recounted the battle to Jake, Aiden, Allyson, pretty much anyone who would listen. "…So then Renee joins the attack and we win!" Edward finished, waving his fork for dramatic effect. "It was a completely illegal attack!" Liza interjected, adjusting her sparkly pink headband forcibly as it fell down the back of her head. "On what grounds?" Renee countered. "We didn't shoot any spells at you, we didn't charm the snowballs to fly, and you never said we couldn't use the castle." "We never said we could!" Liza fired just in time for Professor Anderson, the headmaster, to stand up. "Now, I'm sure that you are all anxious to get up to your dormitories after a tiring day of work," he announced, his eyes pausing a moment on the Gryffindor seventh years in particular, "but you'll want to hear me out. An old Hogwarts tradition will be returning this year, so be sure to check the bulletin boards in your common rooms tonight. That is all I have to say. Good night!" The hall was filled with chatter and the sounds of running as everyone tried to get to their common rooms first. Renee walked with Rose, who waved to Jason as he exited the hall. "Have you two ever been caught in any broom closets by Liza after curfew?" Renee inquired, smiling at Rose. "Only once," Rose responded innocently, unable to hide a wicked smirk. They were the first seventh years to reach the common room. When they approached the board, they had to fight their way through the crowd of younger students. When they got to the front, a large, blue poster greeted them, covering everything else. All fourth years and above are cordially invited to Hogwarts's annual Yule Ball To be held on the 25th December. Dress robes are to be worn. First through third years may attend with an older date. Renee groaned and fought her way back out of the mob of students as quickly as possible. She knew what was coming. Before she could make it up the stairs she heard his voice calling, "Hey, Renee!" Muttering darkly to herself about Hogwarts and balls, Renee reluctantly turned around. Edward stood there grinning. "Wannagowithme?" He had said it so fast that Renee didn't understand there were four different words instead of just one long one. "Sorry, what?" "Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't do it right, did I?" He grabbed both of her hands and knelt on one knee. "Renee Madison, would you do me the honor of attending the Yule Ball with me?" He grinned up at her. Groaning internally that she hadn't run faster, Renee agreed, "Sure, I'll go." Edward stood and bowed. "Thank you, m'lady." Renee couldn't help herself, she giggled. When Edward looked back up at her his smile seemed so genuine that Renee's resolve faltered. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad.