decided to throw for everyone, guests and players included. They wanted to copy how the NBA celebrated their win." Hermione giggled at the mention of the NBA, finding it slightly surprising. "I'm surprised you know the NBA." Mr. Brooks laughed. "I am an athlete at heart. I do watch and play the occasional Muggle basketball from time to time. I married an American half-blood so I got hooked to the game." "Well, I grew up as a muggle, so I am a fan of football, as well." Harry mentioned. Hermione shook her head. Men, as expected love sports, no matter the form. "Anyway, Ms. Granger, the confederation along with the department of sports and gaming agreed that it's time to make the upcoming world cup, better." Hermione raised an eyebrow at them. "Better? I don't understand how that relates to me, Sir." Harry cleared his throat. "People need to get past what happened during the cup a few years back. Italy along with the confederation gave their best effort but the community needed more. That's where Heavenly comes in." Hermione was slowly following the conversation. "We considered different companies that we could team up to create the biggest and most spectacular cup, but not a lot of wizarding companies have the experience to organize the whole world cup down to the detail. Harry then mentioned that, you have organized fashion shows as well as the football cup in the muggle world." Hermione remembered how her company brought the football cup together. They worked behind the scenes on everything, working with the British government. What they did was create the advertisement, organized fan events as well as parties. They might not have booked the places as that was the government's duties, but they did the dazzling part. "I have to admit, that was our biggest contract in the muggle world. I have to warn you though, our company did not take care of the venue for the sport games, along with big fan meetings. We simply do that have that much capital or power to book those. I know we can get into organizing concerts with venues, but admittedly, sports events can draw a lot of crowds and media. There things beyond our control." The men nodded in agreement. "We know where you are coming from, but to make the cup successful, we need experts on making grand events. You can work behind the scenes, similar to how your company worked for the football cup. The ministry will help with the venues, and media, but we need input on how to make it more crowd friendly and attract more people to support." Harry said. Mr. Brooks added. "A lot of players are pretty vocal when it comes to the event as well. They are pointing out how the Italy event was poorly organized, except the after party, which we had asked an event coordinator to do. They are thinking how much it was a waste of time. We've been advertising how the cup will be bigger, but it seems no one wants to play. It's not even generating that much publicity we expected." Hermione agreed with them. The cup wasn't the talk of the town. Their advertisement in the different newspapers were met with a passive feeling. "Mr. Brooks, Harry, I think I have a general idea of what you are asking for. You want a grand cup, with no holes. It should be the kind you see in the big muggle events. Competitive, and exciting. You want people to talk about it, like they did before. You want completely dispel the old events from their memory." "Exactly." Mr. Brooks said. Harry, being perceptive, questioned. "I am sensing a but here." Hermione continued. "You are right to ask for me specifically for this job. Big events like this are always given to me. I am hands on kind of company owner. All major events, if needed will go through my team. Unfortunately, this also means, that I need to talk to my team. I can assure you that we are capable but I also need to think about our other clients. Similar to the football cup, this will require the full attention of my whole company. I hope you understand that I won't be saying yes today, but I will give you the answer, after I consult with my team." Mr. Brooks nodded in agreement. "That's fair. There are not a lot of companies that can handle this big of an event. I hope you can give us an answer, at least two weeks from now. If you decide to decline, we may need to look into hiring multiple organizer, and we need time for that." "I know, this is a lot to ask. We would also need help convincing more players to get on board with this, so I am saying this as a warning." Hermione smiled, fully understanding the situation. She did her research. She was expecting just the after party. If it was just that, then she was fine with agreeing. She already talked to her team about possibly organizing the party but the whole world cup. That was big. Safe to say their meeting ended up, with no final say but with a promise to meet in two weeks with her decision. She went straight to her room, called her assistant to organize a meeting with all officers and team leaders present in London. She also told her to organize a video call with staff in Paris and New York. She specifically requested that, people present in the meeting should have wizarding client clearance. The head office was in London but, she needed to set up office in New York and Paris with the influx of fashion clients, hence why the travel. They also get occasional Italian clients, but an office there was still up for debate. The meeting was for tomorrow, so she had time to cook up a strategy, because secrety, she wanted this gig.