band. "Confess that I always wanted to do this," she stated and stood up on her toes to kiss him on the lips. ... She woke up feeling a little disoriented. The bed was soft but smelled strange, she thought with her eyes still closed. And her body, especially her legs and hips hurt; nothing bad, but a dull ache really. She tried opening her eyes, but after a few unsuccessful tries gave it up to remain cooped up for just a while longer. It was then that she realised that an arm was wrapped around her, around her waist in fact, and Hermione sat up in shock only to notice that she was completely naked. And there was definitely someone next to her. The person grunted softly in his sleep and held her tighter, his fingers curling at her sides over the curve of her bum, and she gulped hard. What had she done last night? She turned around fearfully, and holding her breath, carefully pulled down the cover that was draped all over her companion. The moment the redhead came into view her heart practically stopped beating. The shock of finding her best friend and object of fantasy lying next to her (and completely starkers, too!) caused her to hide her face in her hands as blood rushed up her face, colouring her crimson. She looked down at her naked self as memories of the past night slowly began to unwind. She was glad that Ron was still asleep, not a surprise really after the workout they had had in this room. The testimony of their act was scattered all around them. The deep blue t-shirt he had been wearing was lying limp on the lone chair, his jeans pooled a few spaces ahead on the ground next to-, she gulped hard, -her dress and her bra. His boxers were lying on the bed and her knickers were on his pillow. Oh, what a fine mess she had put them into! She definitely remembered kissing him first and blushed at the memory. He had been shocked; she couldn't blame him, but then she had kissed him again, and this time, he had paused only for a minute before kissing her back. Even the alcohol induced high was insignificant in comparison. How they had managed to reach the room was anyone's guess. She knew from past experience that people hardly bothered who went with whom or where during this one night. If they were lucky enough, no one would have noticed them. She turned a little towards him, blushing again at the sight of his pale, freckled back. God, she loved him! She didn't even know since when. But never before had she been able to gather the guts to confess, and only always hoped that Ron would understand. Of late, she thought Ginny was perhaps right, maybe he fancied her too. But the fear of losing him to a misjudgement had held her back. Well, now that scope was off the window. Here she was, naked and in bed with her ginger-haired best-friend, and by the look of it all, she had given much more than her confession last night. Breathing deeply to appease her thundering heart, she moved away carefully, not to wake him up before she was at least dressed up. Obviously, she had needed the kick alcohol provided to let herself go with the flow and overcome her insecurities about her body. But now it was morning, and the effects of liquor had diminished significantly making her conscious again. She carefully removed his arm from around her, the same one she held on to so often in a casual friendly way, but now the skin on her arms tingled at his touch, and she moved away as quietly as she could to pick up their scattered clothing. Placing all of his ones on the bed (she had nearly fainted in embarrassment as she picked his boxers), she moved quickly into the attached bath after collecting her wand from the bedside table. "Okay, breathe!" she told herself once she locked herself in. She looked at her dishevelled appearance in the mirror and gulped hard. Her cheeks would be permanently red at this rate. Running her fingers through her hair to arrange the now frizzy mess, she forced herself to think. Alright, how bad could it be? They had both got into it of their free will, hadn't they? And, Ron wouldn't sleep with her if he didn't feel anything for her, right? No, he wouldn't. That thought gave her hope. They could deal with this like mature adults. Perhaps it was all for the best, she deduced. At least their feelings were out on the table now and neither of them could shy away... Not after having sex, no-, she corrected herself, -not after making love. She tapped on her dress to ease away the creases as a plan of action began formulating in her head. She would wash up and then wake him up, and then , they would discuss what had happened. She could tell him what she had been feeling for years, after all, there was no point hiding it anymore. As she busied herself washing up and arranging her hair to something resembling normalcy, she kept prepping herself, murmuring the conversation she was going to have with him. However, when she came out, finally a little more confident than before, it was to find an empty room and no trace of Ron. A/N: Alright, there you are. Please let me know what you think of it. Also, let me know if I have lost it and am writing from memory (which I don't remember having). Those of you following ISoH, fear not, I will post updates as regularly for it too. God knows, I needed a lighter story to keep me from going insane with all the angst I write for that one. Thank you for reading. Please leave a review, please?