promptly removed his hands from where they lay between her legs. 'Would it be too horrible to feed the tyke a little Sleeping Potion?' he murmured to himself helplessly, hating himself for it immediately. Fuck, parenthood was not easy. Perhaps a cold shower was all that he was destined for. Wanking himself in the bathroom felt way too unappealing after all that he had planned for the night. "Just a while, Ron," Hermione whispered next to him. Ron had no clue how she could be so confident about Hugo falling asleep. And he would definitely wake up if they tried shifting him to his room. He didn't even know what Hermione had in mind, but realising that he could do with anything that would help him out of his 'situation', he decided to trust her and wait. Her hand had managed to find him and was stroking him slowly. It helped to keep his hopes alive. It possibly was a good five minutes before Hermione shook him. "Let's go," she whispered in his ears. "Hugo?" he asked apprehensively. "Sleeping." "Where to?" he asked in the darkness, feeling rather than seeing her leave the bed. She held his hand and pulled him to the attached bath and was quick to cast a Silencing Charm after locking the door. "Bathroom at last?" he asked watching as she pulled off the t-shirt and shook her head, that insanely curly mass of hair tumbling down her back. "And why not?" she asked with a smile and perched herself on the counter after swiping away all their toiletries aside. Her hand was quick to resume its previous task of stroking him, and he placed his hands on the mirror behind her to hold himself straight just as she began peppering kisses on his chest. Unable to hold himself further (or subconsciously worried about his little one interrupting again, perhaps) he quickly spread her legs apart, caressing the soft skin at her core. She whimpered and he pulled her face to his. She left her work on him to grasp his shoulders as his finger entered her and Ron was sure another set of scratches was marked on his back. "I love you, Hermione," he breathed against her lips as he entered her deftly and her legs wrapped around him, ankles pressing into him, pulling him in closer. It had been a long wait, and he thrust into her with reckless abandon watching her falling apart in the light that shone overhead. Her teeth bit at his shoulders to cut out the normally loud sounds she made during sex, and her body shook as he bit onto her lips in return. His fingers were wrapped in her hair at the nape angling her face to him while the other hand rubbed her pert little bud between the fingers. Ron forced to keep his eyes open, to watch as his Hermione came undone as he made love to her. He watched as her eyes fluttered shut, noticed as her hands wrapped around his neck, heard her little whimpers and moans and felt the burn of her nails raking his skin. And only after he felt her muscles clamp around him did he allow himself to come, marvelling at his own control. …... "Hey," she smiled and handed him a mug of hot chocolate. Ron would have preferred a shot of Firewhiskey but he took what she offered him. "Last night didn't go as planned, did it?" she asked softly, sipping on her cup, and he was surprised that she would bring it out now while they were at the Burrow. "I had plans for the whole night, but I'm not complaining." He sipped on his hot chocolate relishing the warmth and smacking his lips. "Maybe next Christmas?" he added hopefully. She seemed to ponder over his words but Ron could see the lingering smile in her eyes. He dusted away the piles of wrapping papers his nieces, nephews and kids had piled on him and pulled her in closer. "Why do I feel I am missing something?" he asked looking around. The children were still unwrapping theirs hauls and busy chattering away. Ginny and Angelina were piling some more on the table. These, he knew, were for the adults. "Do you know what I finally got for our parents?" "No?" he replied confused. "I got them something my parents always wanted. A holiday with their grandchildren." He stared at her wondering where this was going. "I got Disneyland tickets for our parents and our kids. A three day- two nights package." She smiled and he grinned slowly as comprehension kicked in. "Muggle amusement park! Dad will go mental!" he smirked nodding his head. "And Mum and Dad will be there to show him around, so we need not worry. Hugo and Rose always wanted to visit it anyway," she beamed. "So, it might be a little belated, but you will get your Christmas wish, husband." He felt like a kid at Honeydukes. "Wait," he called, something striking him suddenly. "You're sure Hugo will manage?" "Your Mum already asked me to drop him off here once in a while so that he gets used to the idea of staying away from us," she provided. Well, his brilliant wife seemed to have thought it all out. "Remind me to get her a nice dress robe, will you?" he replied grinning from ear to ear this time. Hermione smiled and sipped on her cup. "By the way, Ron, where is the gift you got me? I didn't find it in the morning," she asked turning around. Ron thought of the little black piece that was wrapped and hidden inside his desk at home. "One is there on the table," he pointed at the pile, "but I'll keep the other one safe. You can unwrap it when we get to our actual celebrations," he grinned in her hair. A/N: Seasons Greeting to all. Hope you liked it! Leave a review pls?