in your debt for your actions in correcting the issue rather than sweeping it under the carpet." "It hurts us more to know such transactions occurred under our watch and it has brought into question many of our procedures here at Gringotts that need a review. Should you ever need assistance from us Lord Potter Black you need only ask, Gringotts will always be open to you." "Thank you so much for your help today Master Parscale, now where exactly is this portkey?" "Ah of course here you are," Parscale said as he went and grabbed it off a shelf another goblin had placed it. Harry and the Greengrass' touched the partkey and went back to the Greengrass Manor as Parscale exited the meeting room, grinning when he saw Dumbledore. "You there you're the Potter Family Vault Manager, where is Harry Potter the boy is-." "Albus Dumbledore Lord Potter-Black and Lady Greengrass left by portkey moments ago for Greengrass Manor. As for you I should inform you that your accounts have been seized by Gringotts and will remain locked until such a time as you have paid back Lord Potter-Black the entire sum of money stolen from his vaults with interest." "How dare you lock down my accounts the boy has no right to-." "On the contrary the honourable Lord Potter-Black had more than just the right to do that, should he desire to try you before the Wizengamot we at Gringotts will cover all costs on his behalf for allowing one of our valued customers be swindled so shamefully." Dumbledore was absolutely fuming at this point, not even bothering to talk to the goblin he stormed out of the bank and went straight to the apparition point. /Greengrass Manor/ Harry and the Greengrass' went inside and were about to prepare for a cup of tea when a large crack could be heard outside. Astoria ran and jumped onto Harry, "We won't let him take you Harry not after what he's done!" Daphne sighed as she pulled her sister off him, "Astoria Harry can take care of himself he's Lord of two Houses now. Dumbledore hasn't got the authority to do anything." "Daphne's right Astoria though I'm still quite loath letting that man near you Harry," Roxanne sighed as Harry stood from his seat. "Want to help me deal with him, mother?" All the Greengrass ladies looked shocked before Roxanne pulled Harry into a hug. "So soon?" "After hearing that list and you allowing me this independence how could I not acknowledge you," Harry said with a small smile. The smiles faded quickly when there was a rather heavy knock on the door. "Are you ready Harry?" "Where's the dogfather when you need him," Harry sighed. "Probably out back digging up my vegetable garden again I'd say," Roxanne sighed as the two made their way over to the door. Upon opening the door Dumbledore looked straight at Harry and attempted to win him over with his grandfatherly charm. "Hello Harry my boy we've all been desperately looking for you." "Well aren't you rather rude Albus," Harry said with a glare. "Even I know that you always address the Lord or Lady of the House before anyone else, even other Lords or Ladies. Second it's not Harry or my boy it'll be Lord Potter or Lord Potter-Black to you, same goes for Molly and Ron!" "Ah well yes you see Lord Potter I must request that you return to your Aunt and Uncle's for the remainder-." Dumbledore was cut off when Astoria began to yell. "He won't ever go back not to that abuse it would break mother's heart!" "Astoria," Roxanne said in a softer tone than usual. Daphne taking the hint took Astoria upstairs. "Ah the imaginative minds of children," Dumbledore said in his grandfatherly tone. "I don't know Albus I'd say Astoria has pretty good reason for not wanting me to go back, the Greengrass' have only known me properly for a day and they've made me feel more like a family than the Dursley's ever did. I'm not going back Albus and you can't legally force me since I'm now technically emancipated due to my role as a Lord!" "Come now Harry be reasonable-." "I believe my son made it perfectly clear the first time Albus its Lord Potter or Lord Potter-Black. Second you will leave this instant or I will phone Amelia Bones and have her send the DMLE and we can start sorting through all the crimes you've committed!" Dumbledore seemingly defeated took several steps back before sighing. "You simply do not understand that what I was trying to do was for the greater goo-." Before Dumbledore had the chance to finish the sentence Roxanne slammed the door shut. "The greater good I'll show him the greater good." "Thanks for backing me up there mother," Harry said with a grin. "Of course Harry I wasn't about to let that old man have his way again, not after what he did." "Mother you mentioned that thing about the pensive this morning; do you still want the memories?" "Of course Harry though once you finish extracting them you'll need to extract Sirius from my garden." "Naturally," Harry sighed. "You handled yourself brilliantly by the way Harry, you said you'd never been taught any type of political prowess yet the way you handled the goblins and even Albus shows that maturity beyond your years." "Thank you mother, if you don't mind I'd like to get this memory thing done I'm feeling pretty tired." "Of course Harry let me show you where the pensive is," Roxanne said as the two went off further into the Manor. Well hopefully that wasn't too bad for Chapter 1 I like to think it was. I made the Greengrass girls Astoria and Daphne much more friendly to Harry because the fics I've read where they are like that I quite enjoy. Anyway hope you all enjoyed and I'll see you in the next one!