was shooting to his head. Although he desperately wanted to punch that sneer off that oily face, it wouldn't do lose their temper here and drop this chance of getting more involved in the Order's business. "I am putting my trust on him because I know he is the best man for this job, Severus," replied the old man calmly, and Harry loved watching Snape frown, visibly annoyed at the very public scorning by the Headmaster. "Now, if you boys will follow me, please?" he called and pushing back his chair, left the table and opened the door. " Just the boys," he added as Molly Weasley glanced helplessly at her husband. Keeping his eyes trained on his mentor's back, Harry followed Dumbledore up the stairs, while Ron followed behind him, grumbling under his breath and dragging his feet. Once they reached the third floor, Dumbledore took them inside a smaller room and took his place in a rickety armchair, while the two of them sat down on the facing couch which had quite a few springs peeking out of it. "I understand you are not very happy with this arrangement. May I know the reason?" he asked Ron. Ron fumbled for a bit, but then perhaps the daunting prospect of the task he was assigned made him overcome any embarrassment he felt for his earlier behaviour. "Because she is from Slytherin and... because I don't wish to do it," he responded firmly. "The houses mean nothing outside school Ron." "But I don't-" "You don't wish to be part of the Order then?" "Of course I do! " he replied incredulously and looked between him and their teacher. "Then?" asked Dumbledore softly. "I... " "During times as these, we are often forced to do things we don't particularly like. Doesn't mean the tasks are any less important or that we are incapable of them. I guess I do owe you an explanation for the importance of this." Harry and Ron looked on while Dumbledore continued patiently, his arms placed on the armrest casually. "You both know, Miss Granger is an extremely brilliant witch. And it's her brain that is both her asset and enemy now. If I could change fate, I would have wished for her to be on our side, but born in the family she was, there wasn't much we could do about her being a part of the wrong side. Voldemort knows of her abilities and is sure she will be a valuable asset in the upcoming war. He realised he could use her skills to his benefit. You will get to know what he wished of her in due time. However, for whatever reasons they must have had, her parents refused to let her into his ranks, and I will be eternally grateful to them for it. They both paid with their lives for that bit of disobedience, though," he nodded sadly. "Now, she is alone, orphaned and out of her safe zone. She needs to realise that she still has people who can care for her if given a chance. And the dark side is not where she belongs. If we can change her heart and bring her to our side it will be a huge blow for Voldemort. But that won't be easy considering the values she has imbibed and will require immense work. I believe it will be easy for her to get accustomed if someone of her own age can help her there. Can I trust you with this responsibility, Ronald?" Ron looked like he was expecting Dumbledore to let him go. He grunted softly, "Why not Mum or Tonks?" he asked like a stubborn child. "Because I don't wish to compromise on her education. Once school starts, she will need to finish her education if she has to be prepared for this war. She will need someone to get her the lessons and assignments. Although the teachers will all know about her taking the classes, she won't be able to attend them herself as she is dead to the world and for her safety, it's of utmost importance we keep it that way." "How will she attend school without anyone knowing?" asked Harry before he could stop himself. "Well, we have created a separate chamber attached to your dormitory which only the two of you will be able to access." Ron looked like he would faint. "Why can't Harry do it?! You said it will be accessible to both of us," he pleaded, perhaps knowing completely well that Dumbledore wouldn't back down and he would have to do it anyway. "Because Harry will be busy helping me with something else," Dumbledore replied cryptically, and the boys glanced at each other. "And for this task, he is only your backup during any unavoidable situation. Even then, he will pretend to be you when meeting her. Technically, you are the only person she will see till we are sure of her alliance." Harry who was watching his best mate wondered if Ron was beginning to get a headache, he sure looked ill. But he seemed to have accepted his fate, albeit a lot grudgingly. Dumbledore looked at Ron for a long time and then raised himself up. "Your mission starts from now. You and Harry will stay here for the rest of the summer. The wards of her room will allow you in, but no one else. I think I'll ask Molly to get the poor girl something to eat now and you can take it to her," he finished, and with a swipe of his purple robes, left the room to go downstairs. "Fuck it all!" groaned Ron kicking the foot of the armchair the Headmaster had just occupied, but only after the old man's footsteps had almost died down. A/N: Thank you so much for reading! I am really looking forward to that review of yours to know this story of mine is worth the time I am putting into it.