flat. "Where're you going?" she asked. "To my wife. Can't just let her attend the boring parties alone. Also, she has no fuckin' clue how wickedly sexy she looks tonight." She blushed and took a few quick strides to reach him. He wrapped his arm around the small of her back the moment she was within reach. Bloody hell. The touch of her bare skin felt divine under his palm. "Are you gonna go back?" he asked running the pad of thumb over her lips. Her eyes fluttered shut and she sighed softly. "No. You were right. It really isn't that important…" she whispered as his lips pressed down on her nape, slowly making its way to her throat and collarbone. "Oh…" she managed in a shaky whisper. "Really?" he asked nuzzling her earlobe with his nose and heard her suck in a breath, "Well, actually, it is important-" she chuckled before her tone became serious but sincere, "-but not more than you, not more than us." "Wicked," he muttered grinning and pulled out one of the pins from her hair and then another. Curls tumbled down her back and he bent to capture her lips in his as her arms wrapped around his neck and she moaned into his mouth. It had been a long wait. A. fuckin. long. one. He kissed her slowly, leisurely, tasting her lips like a well-brewed wine and while his lips were busy, his hand weaved in through her hair flicking out pin after pin and dropping them on the floor. She was probably a bit shocked when he turned her to face away and messed up her finally freed curls. She literally gasped aloud when he kissed her at the hairline, just behind her ears. It was a good thing they were standing next to their dining table for she placed her palms down for support as his fingers loosened the thin black straps from her shoulders and peppered kisses down her back. That expanse of skin had tortured him so much all evening… With the straps falling off, his hands travelled in front to place themselves over her naked breasts, and she moaned aloud, throwing her head back. Ron's lips latched onto the crook of her neck and sucked as his fingers paid special attention to the now pert nipples. Hermione was breathing heavy and so was he. His hand got busy travelling down searching for the hemline of her gown. Fuck, why wasn't there an end? He needed to feel her skin. "Wait!" she managed and turned around resting her back against the table before fumbling with his shirt. She pulled it loose from his waist and worked her way on his trousers even as his hand continued their ministrations over her breasts and his eyes watched them at work. "FUCK!" he screamed aloud realising that her smaller hands had found their way inside his boxers and were stroking him. "These effin' trousers… are… tight!" he grumbled kneading her nipples harder, "need to get these off," he added. "The trousers aren't tight, Ron, you are hard," she chuckled while continuing her work devotedly and with the utmost attention to detail. He groaned aloud and released her only to push down the confounding article down his legs. He paused to take off his boots, chucking them off haphazardly in different directions before peeling the trousers and boxers off completely. And then he moaned aloud as Hermione knelt and enveloped his shaft in her mouth. "Bloody hell, woman! don't…I won't… fuck… if you… Argh!" he mumbled as she began pleasuring him and his fingers wrapped in her hair, guiding her. It was getting insanely hard to remain standing and he swayed against his will, worried that he'd collapse on her. " 'ermione, you gotta stop!" he cried and literally guided her off himself by holding her at her shoulders. He gulped in large amounts of air to get his spinning world straight and pulled her up to stand, instantly capturing her lips in his. She was wearing heels, making the kissing part a lot easier. "Mmm, was just getting you ready," she said against his mouth as his hand moved to grab her arse. He thrust his hard self against her belly. "You're barmy! I've been goin' fuckin' mental all evening tryin' to keep my hands off ya!" She laughed pressing herself closer to him. Both moaned in unison. "Table?" she asked in a strained whisper. "Couch," he responded. How they covered that distance he would never know, but soon she was lying on the plush surface, the black satin pulled up and bunched at her waist, knickers lost somewhere while he returned her the favour. She mewed and moaned, her fingers running through his hair, pulling him closer to her core and he gladly obliged. "Ron, now! Please!" He didn't need to be told twice. He entered her warm folds easily and relief and love, an insane amount of it, flooded his veins at the coupling. He was home. He lowered himself on top of her carefully, wrapping her much smaller body in his arms while kissing her frantically as he continued to thrust. She wrapped herself in his embrace, arms and legs clung onto him and kissed him back fervently. "I'm sorry for- getting- so- angry," she gasped between his thrusts, and he managed to arrange a lock of hair out of her sweat soaked forehead as he looked into her eyes, not stopping or slowing down. "I'm sorry too. I love you so fuckin' much, 'ermione," "I love you too, Ron, so so much!" she gasped and cried out his name, gripping him harder than ever. He followed suit, grunting out loudly before finally collapsing over her, his face pressed into her nape breathing in the fragrance of her curls. A/ n: Thanks for reading. Although I have to admit, I am not very fond of this story when I read it now. Anyway, would love to hear your feedbacks.