know how..." She let out a soft muffled sob before crashing her lips on his and Ron closed his eyes in bliss as she took the lead and sought entrance. Wrapping his arms around her waist he held her in place even as Hermione gently pushed him, causing him to lie on the floor again. It was a beautiful feeling, letting go of all the control and just giving in to the magic of the moment. He kissed her back relishing the sweetness of her lips on his. Ron kept his eyes closed even after she pulled away, but caught her eyes at the sound of the door clicking magically shut. He watched as Hermione waved her wand and a cushion appeared under his head. "Herm-" Rest of the words died on his lips as she flicked her wand again leaving them in their skin. He gasped softly at the sight of her nipples, noticing with regret how her usual petite but healthy form still looked undernourished and the faint scars that were still healing. Hermione, sitting on his abdomen, bend herself to catch his lips between hers, the touch of her skin on his sending pleasant jolts to run up his body. "You are an idiot," she murmured biting his earlobe and he chuckled as their eyes met, his mirth causing her to smile too. However, it was with slight melancholy that she placed her palms on his cheeks again. "Just let go, Ron. We did everything we possibly could. Your hurt or guilt won't bring them back. It will only make your family more miserable than it already is." "I am trying," he responded softly and placed his hand over hers, "but I can't do it without you." "You don't have to." She kissed him then, just as fiercely as she had in the Room of Requirements and Ron felt the pleasant stirring in his loins as she peppered kisses along his unshaved jaw line before pressing her lips delicately at the hollow of his neck." 'Mione..." he moaned in pleasure as she moved lower running her lips in a straight line down his chest. When she lowered her weight on his thighs, his erect manhood pressing tantalisingly against her delicate parts, he growled, hips jerking and arms reaching out to touch eyes met, and the precision of her understanding his silent desire surprised him. She lifted herself, kneeling on either side of him before guiding his hand to her folds, moaning and throwing her head back at his touch. Almost immediately, her fingers wrapped around his length and Ron's grunt was louder. He closed his eyes, allowing the pleasurable sensations to flood his senses overruling everything took the lead once more as she lowered herself on him, both gasping simultaneously at the coupling. Knowing that her still weak body wouldn't be able to continue for long, he grabbed her at the waist, guiding her movements. Ron's eyes never left her. Her curls had come free of the confining bun to fall on her shoulders and her flush skin glistened with light traces of sweat. Her cheeks flooded with colour while her palms that were on his chest scraped his skin and Ron thrust his hips in harmony with her motions to help her reach her high. She came with a soft sob and eventually crashed on his chest. Tenderly tucking a handful of unruly curls behind her ear, Ron pressed his lips on top of her head as she pressed her lips to his chest. "Your turn to lie down," he whispered, feeling more light-hearted than he had in days. Turning them around, he held her close to his chest till he conjured a soft blanket for her. "I love you, Ron," muttered Hermione, placing a palm against his cheek as he positioned himself between her thighs. He captured her palm in his and pressed a kiss on her knuckles. "Thank you for that," he replied with his first genuine smile in weeks. He captured her lips in his while their fingers interlaced as he entered her, thrusting carefully like it had become a habit for him. Don't ever hurt her , he repeated to himself. However, Hermione broke the kiss to mutter a small sentence... "Do it the way you need it," she said with a strength that was the true mark of the girl he had fallen in love with. "Do it, Ron. Do it for yourself. Do it for us." He did what she asked for Ron knew if there was ever a person he trusted more than himself- it had to be Hermione Granger. Slow and careful soon turned to powerful, urgent thrusts. He could feel her move with the force of his lovemaking, but she kept her arms and legs wrapped around him and kissed him forcefully, urging him to go on. Holding onto her Ron poured everything he had into their lovemaking till the pain was pushed off to some far away corner of his mind, till all he could feel was her skin and warmth, all he could breathe was her fragrance. When he came with a force that shook her much smaller frame, she pressed her lips into his nape and moaned his name aloud. ... Hours later, walking in the brisk sunshine, fingers entwined with hers, Ron guided her to the pool again. As Hermione prepared to sit down on the grass, he turned her around. Getting to his knees in front of her, he wrapped his arms around her waist and pressed his face to her bossom. Hermione wrapped her arms around his neck and touched her chin to his head, laughing softly to herself at their ridiculous height difference. But, she decided, it was perfect. "I really mean it, Hermione. Thank you for loving me," he muttered. "Please don't leave me..." "I'll always be with you, Ron. Always and forever," she responded into his hair. A/n Thank you for reading. A review will be highly appreciated.