gold in those three vaults. Bill hadn't brought it up earlier, but she had always known he would. " So are you planning to claim your vaults at Gringotts?" he had asked her casually after dinner the previous night. " I don't know," she confessed truly. Ron's eldest brother nodded a little, and despite the scars that marked his face, Hermione noticed how similar his features were to Ron's. It didn't make matters easy. " What happens if I don't?" she asked after a pause. Harry and Ron were talking to Kingsley and the rest of the family was gathered around the table, Ginny was sitting next to George talking in soft tones. " Considering those vaults were locked and sealed after the deaths-" Bill paused for a minute, giving her an understanding look before continuing, "-you should expect a notice from the Ministry to present yourself to the Wizegamot before you can submit your claim. Our world's a mess, that's what's taking them so long. But they'll get to it. Yours is a rare case." " Yes," she replied automatically. " It's lucky that the Gringotts' inherent magic takes over in these cases. The announcement had ensured that the vaults be sealed till a legal claimant appeared and proved his or her claim. It successfully saved your inheritance from being used by Voldemort to fund his games. He wasn't happy, I am told." She shuddered at the memory Bill's words evoked, but unaware as he was about her inner turmoil, he continued. " The Wizegamot and the Gringotts' Goblin Trust will need to review your claim as the true Hermione Granger. They'll need blood samples along with evidence and witnesses of your escape since you've been considered dead for almost two years since the Granger Mansions incident." " But Dumbledore is dead," she said automatically and Bill nodded grimly. "But you were rescued by Snape, Remus and Kingsley. He can give his testimony," he indicated at the tall wizard who was currently their Minister of Magic. Hermione glanced at the three men and her eyes automatically sought the tallest. " Ron will have to testify too, won't he?" she asked. " Yes," replied Bill. "In fact, as your assigned guard, his testimony matters the most, after Dumbledore." ... The wand buzzed again. Fifteen minutes. She pulled out her hand from under the cover and silently Accioed her clothes. The faded shorts and almost discoloured top zoomed into her hand. The decision should have been easy. For the past couple of years, she had been financially dependent on the Order. And now the funds were at all time low. The War had left even the well-off people penniless. For months, keeping alive had been the priority; jobs had taken a backseat. Even now, two months after the war, the Wizarding World was a shadow of what it once was. Too much had been destroyed, a lot needed to be rebuilt. Hungry, homeless witches and wizards still thronged the streets. Most people had been stripped of all that they owned. Everyone needed money, and no one seemed to have enough- apart from her. She needed funds for her education. Hogwarts had too many orphans this year to fund. The thought was painful and brought back memories of all the funerals they had attended in the initial days and she took a deep breath, biting back the tears that threatened to escape. And the castle needed repairs and funds too. For once, she could use her father's wealth for something good, maybe that would wash off some of the sins they had accumulated by aiding the Dark Lord. She glanced at Ron again, grabbing his arm instinctively. Her wealth and name had been a barrier between them. The thought intensified her shame, and she turned to press herself into his sleeping form. She desperately hoped his closeness would save her from the guilt as it rescued her from her nightmares. And automatically, she remembered the words he had spoken months ago, back in her Chamber in the Gryffindor Tower, after he had found out about Ginny and Harry. "Even if we all survive the catastrophe that lies in front of us, and they are still together, people will assume she is a fortune hunter, enticing the Chosen One for name and fame." "Why would you say that? They really like each other!" she had exclaimed, and he had laughed mirthlessly at her words. "You won't find a better guy for Ginny, Ron, and you know that. Harry really feels deeply for her." "No one really cares about feelings, Granger," he'd said as he tilted his head sideways very slightly to meet her eyes, for once, allowing his mask to slide down. "People see what they want to see. For them, we, the penniless Weasleys, will be the fortune hunters who would have trapped the famous Harry Potter for his money and fame. I have heard that for years, I don't want Ginny to face it too." She wanted to believe he was wrong. But he wasn't. She had heard whispers, feeble ones but they were there, pointing fingers at her, wondering loudly why the daughter of a Death Eater was with two War Heroes. They were invisible faces, muttering behind her, disappearing when she turned around. Once, Ron had overheard one of them in Diagon Alley. He had wrapped a possessive arm around her and glared at the man before looking at her with pride. "Because she is a bloody War Hero herself." He had spat at the man. She had grabbed onto his shirt tightly, smiling at him like she didn't care. But she knew she cared, and Ron knew it too. She sighed a little; the breath came in gasps, struggling on its way through her constricting chest muscles. What if her inheritance snatched away Ron from her life again? She trusted Ron. She just didn't trust her luck. A/n: Thanks for reading and a review will be highly appreciated.