help but feel a form of rage towards Dumbledore however as Gabrielle suggested he bit his tongue and answered politely. "Of course professor I would love to spend another afternoon with her if possible." "Excellent then its settled Albus" Olympe cried joyfully. Olympe smiled knowing the Headmaster wouldnt risk angering his schools champion further than she assumed he already was. "I will see you again soon Mr Potter, I plan on having my own conversation with you soon regarding these events, Albus I need to speak with you in private so why don't we release Mr Potter for the evening." "Of course I'm sure Harry has plenty he needs to get done," Dumbledore sighed his opportunity to obtain information regarding the Delacours clearly lost. The Headmaster and Headmistress entered Dumbledore's office and left Harry free to walk back to the common room. Harry walked slowly up the grand staircase processing all the events of the day. "Dumbledore is hiding something Harry thought dryly. Getting a simple answer from the old man is hard enough let alone getting a hold of a potential scheme. I think I will speak with Sirius he will know what to do. Harry smiled thinking of his godfather, ever since they had been in contact he had always made Harry feel like there was an answer even if he didn't directly present him with one. Harry finally made it to the fat lady after much brooding. "Pindragon" "You may enter Mr Potter but be warned Minerva was searching for you earlier" and with that the fat lady swung open allowing entrance to the common room. "Oh great" he sighed. "At least McGonagall wont tear me limb from limb." The common room was empty, the great fireplace illuminating the room as Harry sat down silently. The events of the day appeared rather bland in comparison to his afternoon with Gabrielle, for the first time he was able to speak with someone who like him was considered dangerous by the magical community. Although in her case it must be worse considering the racism in the British magical community, for the first time I can say I don't understand what its like thought Harry as his emotions started to rise. And Dumbledore, he would have known exactly what he was doing, I cant believe he would risk someones life like that. It then hit him square in the face, Dumbledore always risks the lives of students. His first year when he, Ron and Hermione were able to gain access to the philosophers stone it appeared to easy for someone like Voldermort to be bothered with, and the challenges seemed suited to the three. I cant even rule out Dumbledore knowing that Quirrell was harboring Voldermort for an entire year. This cant be right, not Dumbledore. Harry was distraught, he wanted to speak to Sirius but knowing that any attempt not by owl would be monitored he decided he would send a letter to Sirius in the morning. "Well I doubt I'm going to get much sleep, better try while I can." Harry rose from the chair and walked to the fourth year dormitory eager to put his fears to rest. "Oh Fleur Harry is simply incredible" sighed a very weary Gabrielle. "You have said that six times now, if you are going to say it a seventh then add a reason or retire for the night." Gabrielle sighed and looked out at the castle. "So I must ask did you try the little test I asked" "Of course it had no effect on him at all." "None" Fleur seemed taken aback. "Your allure is stronger than mine and your sure he didn't react?" "Well" Gabrielle smirked slightly, "no reaction through the allure anyway." "Most curious, I will research this further with mama I am sure there is a perfect reason for this." "One more thing Fleur, I think Harry is quite distressed about the Hogwarts Headmaster." Gabrielle was frustrated, she knew that Harry was right and after the tales she had heard from Harry's perspective only convinced her even more. Fleur sighed and faced her sister. "Gabrielle Harry from my knowledge has gone through more in the past three years than most wizards do in a lifetime." Gabrielle sighed her afternoon had begun to take its toll but she was determined to hear her sister out. "I suggest that if you want to help him then stick by him, I know papa would approve however it is up to you how you approach him." Gabrielle thought about Fleur's words and realized what she must do "Fleur I think I am going to retire for the evening," Gabrielle yawned and strolled into her room. Gabrielle wrapped herself in her covers and thought about Harry. Immune to my allure, similar to me in interests,hobbies and intelligence and compassion for all the magical world can offer. Gabrielle put two and two together and understood the meaning. "I know the real reason he's immune to my allure, he's the one." And with that Gabrielle switched off the light. Well that's Chapter 1 folks remember this is my first Fanfic so don't drill me too hard in the comments. I know this all appears to be awkward dialogue which between certain characters is intended although suggestions are always welcomed. I also know that things were really slow this chapter but I wanted to lay groundwork for the future chapters to stand on. Also I will explain the last part with Gabrielle she has formed a crush on him through normal means, nothing bond like yet which is based on how similar the two are as well as Harry saving her. Lets just say there will be jealousy, and questioning by Harry regarding previous events though it wont be as heavy as it was this chapter. I hope you all enjoyed since I plan on continuing this for quite some time and I am excited with some of the ideas I can pursue from here.