him. He wished that he had told her that he loved her, if only once before she was gone. She had deserved to hear it. "And I love you too," Marianne had continued. "Sylvia and I talked about it in the last few months. She knew that the likelihood of survival was slim. She made out her will and I agreed with her decisions. Don't try to fight it Remus, just accept it with grace." Remus had been surprised by the contents of Sylvia's Will. Other than a few bequeaths of some of her precious books to a few of her friends she had left the bulk of her estate to Remus Lupin in care of Orion Lupin, her son. Remus had found himself the owner of a townhouse in Rennes, owner of the De Rais Books both the store in London and the older and more prosperous store in Rennes. He was also the owner of the Cottage in Pace that Marianne lived in but there were conditions drawn to ensure that Marianne would be permitted to live at the cottage as she pleased for the rest of her days. Remus had been overwhelmed and grateful to Sylvia. When he had met her, he had been a man who had lost everything that he truly cared about. She had given him her friendship, her son, and her life's work. After Marianne's death when Orion was two years of age, Remus had renovated parts of the cottage property to be able to contain him while he was transformed during the full moon. He then began a cycle where he worked three months in Rennes and then he left for a week with Orion to the cottage to spend a week there away from the hustle and bustle of city life. During the week of his absence, the store was run by his friend and employee Jacques Morbanne. Remus allowed himself to stay in the tub until the healing herbs lost their potency. The water was chilled and his skin was moisture wrinkled when he finally arose from the tub and began to dry off. He was all too happy to put on the soft lounge slacks and gray t-shirt that had been set aside for him. He donned his robe and put his feet into his slippers. He combed his hair and sighed as he noticed the few gray hairs. He was aging more swiftly than most his age. It was part of him being a werewolf, he knew. The transformation was hard on the body and the wolf often turned on itself while caged. More than once, Remus had returned to the House bleeding from various scratches that his own claws had burrowed into his flesh. He met his blue eyes in the mirror and held his own gaze for a few moments. Amber danced in his irises, mixing with the blue. Another sign that the Wolf within was still too close to the surface. His temper could be insighted more easily on days like this, but fortunately he only had plans to spend the day relaxing with his son. Speaking of the mischievous little angel, he needed to get down stairs and make a large lunch for them both. He smiled as he made his way from the bathroom and down the stairs to the kitchen. His boy was in the kitchen sitting at the table with a book on the table before him. The boy was reading softly out loud, sounding out the words on the pages. His reading skills were two levels above most boys his age thanks to their mutual love of books. Orion read most of the time that they were in Rennes. Their townhouse didn't have a large garden but Orion did make good use of the space to play energetic games. Still, the boy preferred to read to almost any other type of entertainment. Remus was sure he must have gotten that from Sylvia since Sirius usually could not be counted upon the sit still for five seconds. "Hey cub, what would you like for lunch?" he asked. The child looked up at him and he smiled hesitantly. "I got out steaks," he said and pointed to the counter. "I thought that you might need it after last night." Remus nodded in understanding. It always helped him to regain his strength more swiftly after a full moon night for him to eat red meat. "Steak it is," he agreed with the child, and then he went over to the counter and swiftly opened the cabinet above looking for a platter. Once he found what he was searching for, he made swift work of washing the meat and then beginning to season it. He stole glances at Orion as the boy continued to read, this time in silence. "Read to me," he commanded the boy. The child blinked in surprise. "Umm…" Orion nibbled on his bottom lip, a trait that painfully reminded him of Sylvia. "Do you want me to start back at the beginning of the chapter?" Remus smiled and shook his head in the negative. "No, there's no need to go so far back. Just start from where you were reading," he reassured his boy. "Alright!" Orion brightened up at this. He cleared his throat slightly and then began to read aloud to him as he prepared their lunch. Remus was surprised but pleased to hear his cub reading a well-beloved children's fantasy novel to him. After lunch Remus and Orion curled up together on the couch and the two of them alternated reading chapters of the book to one another. Remus smiled at one point when he realized that the boy had dozed off. He kissed the boy's black curls and smiled. He never would have thought that he could be so content and happy. He never really thought he could have a child, a trade, a good life. He was so grateful to Sylvia and he always would be.