Harry, already claiming a woman?" teased Dragomir "Dragomir this is Pansy Parkinson" said Harry "Pansy, this is my best friend, Dragomir" Both greeted each other and they started talking in English. "So, where were you?" said Dragomir with a smirk. "None of your business" said Pansy who hit harry on the side to shut him up. Dragomir laughed at Pansy actions, while Harry massed his sides. Viktor was clearly envious, he wanted his brown haired girl to the same for him. But he couldn't now, he would have to wait until Christmas. The headmaster was staring at Potter, while Black was staring at the strange looking man Alastor Moody. The guy acted strange, like he didn't knew Sirius, but black remember talking to him a year ago about himself and Harry Potter during a hunt. And yet the guy acted like he had never seen him. It was disturbing, the old Auror was known to be crazy not senile and amnesic. He will have to watch him out. He felt like something were about to happen and the teacher caught a glimpse of smile on the Auror face. The headmaster was getting close to the Goblet of fire when the blue light turned red. "Our first champions…. Viktor Krum!" Yelled Dumbledore The headmaster was waiting for the clamour to stop, when a second burned piece paper came from the Goblet. "Our second champion… Fleur Delacour!" said the headmaster Same thing happened yet the boys were more enthusiastic than the girls. "Our third and last champion… Cedric Diggory!" Said the Old man "Now we have our three champions, they will…" But before he could continue, the goblet of fire went red for the fourth time. "Harry Potter?" said the headmaster "Harry potter…. HARRY POTTER!" Dragomir and Pansy were staring at Harry... "That's not my full name! I have an alibi that I did not put my name on the Goblet!" yelled the Durmstrang student. Igor was watching his student doing his defense, Black got up to the Headmaster. He asked for the piece of paper, he knew a old curse from the Black grimoire to locate who wrote that piece of paper. After the piece of paper burned down, a rope made of gold pointed out the old Auror. He immediately attempted an escape, but Harry potter aimed his escape route and the Auror crashed into a wall. The stare of accusation immediately were replaced by an ashamed look. The Headmaster was still standing in the front of the goblet, when Black was stunning the DADA teacher. "I guess, we know who was trying to put you in the tournament" said Black "Son" Dumbledore had a strange look on his face so did the rest of the teachers and students from the Gryffindor table. Harry Potter the son of Sirius Black? Anyway, the boy had to participate, maybe this was for the greater good, he could lure Black back to his side and claim his weapon back at the same time. Dumbledore would play his card and trap both of them into a corner. He would use the Weasley girl to win Potter favors and Remus for Sirius. That what the old headmaster thought while standing like a statue in front of everyone. Not moving an muscle. Igor approached his student. " If you want to participate, now is your chance. But, be cautious, Voldemort is trying to return " whispered the Headmaster of Durmstrang. Harry got up, approached the headmaster and went into the champion's room. Sirius Black winked at him. Others student now had a furious look, he could have stayed but choose to participate anyway. Most of Durmstrang student were smiling, Pansy was anxious. "Don't worry Parkinson" whispered Dragomir "He is going to be fine" "How can you be so sure? What if he is get killed?" whispered the Slytherin girl. Dragomir was starting to get envious of his best friend. The girl just has met harry, but she clearly had bonded to his best friend. That was strange, maybe the girl was up to something, like his money maybe? Well that would be for his friend to look out for his own back. There are battles that a man need to do alone. But he explained to that girl that : Harry was just as powerful has Krum, so he will do okay in the tournament. At the champion's room… The second Durmstrang champion, walked to Krum who was now having confused. "I got drafted, long story short, I'm walking into the trap to see who is behind this" said Harry "Well, looks, like this school is bad luck for you" said Krum, Diggory winced at that comment. "Wat, are zou doing, zere?" said Fleur more concerned than angry. "In short, someone put my name on the goblet" said Harry. The headmaster of Beauxbâtons was angry at Igor Karkaroff, but she couldn't accuse Harry of Lying, she witnessed Alastor Moody to be the culprit. She was angry, because Igor let enter this tournament. And Dumbledore was staring at Harry, he tried to mind probe him but he couldn't do it without getting detected. Barty Crouch was concerned about this event. "This is most unexpected, 2 champions from a school" said Barty "And we can't break the contract" While his assistant was enthusiast about the event. "This is a first! Not 3 champions but 4! Just by being here, your names will make it to history" claimed Ludo Bagman. Both Slavic students stared at each other. Diggory didn't know what to think, Fleur was having a wild imagination on what she could do to steal Harry from that Slytherin girl. There was something in that boy, that made the Veela girl react to him. She was attracted to him, she wanted to know why. She was used to boys losing their minds to her, not herself losing to a boy. The wonderful first day and the strange one who followed soon after. This school would not be boring.