I should have tried it on the other Horcruxes. . . Could've saved us a lot of trouble. . ." Bellatrix gave him another one of her looks that clearly said, "What an idiot!" " The sword — it was one of them, wasn't it?" she asked after a while, almost excitedly. " No, that is what we were using to destroy them. It was imbibed with Basilisk venom from the time I used it to kill that ruddy thing in the Chamber of Secrets. Can we get back to the plan now?" Harry asked irritably. It seemed like Bellatrix wanted to ask more questions, but decided to hold her tongue for the time being. "The Dark Lord has travelled extensively across the world. During his travels, he has found some esoteric magic and unique tools. One of them allows you to — for the lack of a better expression — travel back in time." " You mean — like a Time Turner?" " No, not like a Time Turner. A Time Turner doesn't allow you change anything that has already happened — and even the most powerful Time Turner is limited to a few days. We are talking about years — even decades — and you can change whatever you want." She paused to let the implications of it sink in. " How far did he want to go back?" Harry finally asked, feeling nervous at the prospect of Voldemort having access to such power. It was one thing to kill people, but the ability to prevent people from being born by altering the time line in the hands of someone like Voldemort was too scary to even think about. " Twenty-three years." " Why twenty-three?" " The ritual allows you to travel only a certain number of years — seven, thirteen, twenty-three, thirty-seven — the magical primes. . ." " The magical. . . what?" " You didn't study Arithmancy, did you?" Harry shook his head. "Certain numbers have magical properties. . ." " I have heard that before. . . So why twenty-three? Why not one of the others?" " Don't ask me — I don't claim to know everything that goes on in his head," Bellatrix snapped. " Why are you telling me all this?" Harry asked, suddenly very suspicious. Bellatrix gave him an irritated look, "Isn't it obvious? I am asking if you would want to go back and fix things." Harry had initially refused. He still remembered Hermione's warning from their third year. "Awful things have happened when wizards have meddled with time," she had said. But he had finally come around when Bellatrix had informed him of the magnitude of Voldemort's plans. Apparently, his explanation of the kind of power muggles were capable of wielding when driven into a corner had scared her more than he had expected. Once he had come around, Harry had originally wanted to go back seven years, the lowest possible allowed by the ritual. He was afraid that the further he went, the more damage he was likely to cause by his actions. But it turned out that choice had never been his to make. The ritual had already been prepared and Bellatrix did not know how to alter it. Voldemort had apparently figured out a way to convert rituals into tattoos — a technique common among Japanese wizards. He had prepared the ritual and imprinted the tattoo on Bellatrix — ready to be executed with the addition of the final component. It was the final component that had Harry reconsidering his decision. The final ingredient, according to Bellatrix, was the willing sacrifice of a powerful witch or wizard. She had apparently been devoted enough to Voldemort that he had trusted her with it. Harry may have been many things, a cold-blooded killer he was not. He had almost decided to drop the idea when Bellatrix had set him straight. "Even if you don't kill me, the Dark Lord will. I was not supposed to participate in the battle. I was to stay at his side at all times — ready to perform the ritual at a moment's notice. I defied that order by coming after you. And he will make it a lot more painful than it must be." Harry still hadn't been convinced. "Look Potter, my life is forfeit either way. At least this way, my death will not be completely meaningless," she had almost pleaded with him. Harry had completely understood the sentiment. After all, he had chosen to return from dead with similar motives. And that is why he had agreed to go through with it — however reluctantly. The goblin — Silvershark — informed Harry that it was finally the time for the meeting and guided him to the massive ornate doors of a meeting room. The other participants were already waiting at the door with another goblin. "You have exactly three hours. Your time will start the moment the door is closed," Silvershark informed them, pointing to the giant hourglass kept on the ornate table. The door closed behind them as they entered the room, sealing it from all forms of spying, divining and scrying. Harry finally took down his hood as the elderly couple sat on the opposite side of the table. "Hello, Grandfather! Grandmother!" he said lamely, wishing he had come up with a better introduction. Story Recommendation Delenda Est by Lord Silvere. It is a great story — one of the two that inspired this one. Author's Notes Thank you for reading. I'd like to clarify a few things before someone points them out. — Bellatrix didn't change overnight. There were a lot of factors involved. They will be revealed over time. — If the chapter feels a bit rushed, it is because I didn't want to reiterate things already explained in the books. Upcoming chapters will be more descriptive. Let me know what you think! Constructive criticism is welcome. Published: May 11, 2017 Last Updated: May 30, 2017