baked certain ingredients into a cake in front of him. It had been done with such artistry that Blaise had been left blushing. "Cobra." Blaise's favorite, Cygnus watched him do an odd victory dance before they both realized that Theodore was choking. Blaise slapped him on the back until the odd bit of food was regurgitated. Nanny Pearl didn't seem to notice that the girls came down—"Cygnus Lestrange, when do we get to see the ponies?" "I'll arrange for an escort later, eat now." The muggleborn in the kitchen, an ex-Hufflepuff by the name of Randy pulled began frying their bacon with a tight smile on his face. Randy would not do with that face, Cygnus decided. To the boys he declared: "Come, come, I'm showing you lot my favorite." The two boys followed him. [***] Duchess was pleased at the attention she received, openly preening when Cygnus continued speaking to the Spanish wizard who wanted to breed his black and silver harlequin colored hippogriff to her. The hippogriff himself was beautiful, though he was a bit smaller than Duchess and had been beaten off successfully when they'd made the first interaction. "I'm looking for one with a solid white plumage," Cygnus informed him gravely. Señor Abaroa answered in a French more fluent than his: "She's the only one in the world with plumage that white," Her brothers were just as solid in color as she was, which was a rare trait in and of itself. His grandfather came down with his cane in one hand and one of his bimbos on the other, "How much would you like to sell her to me?" "Her brothers are for sale," Cygnus said honestly as he nodded at Blaise and Theodore, who were racing around the exercise track on the backs of the two black ones, unwitting in the fact that they were making sales that much easier. Buckbeak was entertaining the children since he was the least threatening of the bunch. Duchess didn't like anyone like she did Cygnus, so that was a good reason to stop his grandfather from selling her. Cygnus would never allow such a thing since he cared just that much. He patted her head, making her stand up to her full height as he'd taught her to do at the basic touch. He mounted her and took off towards the race that poor Theodore was losing at thanks to his inexperience. Others joined in with the hippogriffs that they were selling and trading, but none managed to beat Duchess. They'd win at their first race after he passed his OWLs at Hogwarts, he just knew it. Tracey Davis and Daphne Greengrass were watching him with wide eyes, he noted, when he landed Duchess back to her stage thirty minutes of racing later—"Can we ride it?" Daphne demanded, making Duchess click her pink beak in warning. "At least greet pretty girl before you talk about her," Cygnus scolded, "Duchess, these are two of my classmates from Hogwarts, would you like to say hi?" Duchess threw her beak up in the air and turned her face away, "Ah, right, you're tired," to the girls he said, "Try Buckbeak, he's just as nice as she is. Remember to bow." Buckbeak proved to be nicer since they didn't even have to bow before he allowed them to mount him. He smiled at the sight that they made, the brief flashes of their calves were a lovely sight in particular. He shook his head at the last thought. ' Calf, Cygnus? Really?' He continued mentally berating himself as his grandfather turned down another attempt to secure Duchess. Duchess nudged him and he cast a quick tempus , "Feeding time!" The Lestrange hippogriffs stopped their racing and landed, trotting to their pasture with their riders on their backs. There were murmurs of how good their manners were as he led Duchess to be unsaddled. "What is today's meal?" he asked her sweetly as he held out the various meats on the tray. There were subtle coos from the other hippogriffs, as though they were trying to influence her choice. The various riders, Theodore included, dismounted when Duchess chose the bicorn meat. He exited as quickly as he could as the dead biorn was loaded up. As sweet as hippogriffs were, they were very food aggressive and only ever shared with their young. Duchess was the youngest one there so that was only word of mouth information. He watched them eat, occasionally jeering insults of their weight to give Buckbeak a fighting chance at food. "That's…" the various hippogriffs were led off by their humans to be fed, "how can you watch that?" "Greengrass, I just spent the last month re-shoveling and rebagging shit from here, this is a cakewalk." Greengrass led the ill looking Davis away as samples were held out to the children who stayed to watch the mess. When they'd finished there was a mad scramble from the herd to catch the first treat tossed in the air. He sighed in relief when feeding time was over, "Duchess, you've made a mess of your feathers!" The hippogriff in question continued licking her bloody claw, unrepentant. [***] There you have it! Wow! The first chapter of my epic fic of epicness! I have a feeling that this is going to be a one of the classics in no time. I promise to actually complete this one, I will! I won't leave you hanging, like all those other mean authors do. Who would you like to see with who? I have some pairings in mind but I think that you, as the loyal readers, have a right to voice your opinions. Feel free to leave a review singing my praises when you're done with this a/n, alternatively you can flame me and get the stress of your day out… don't worry, I am always here for you! Smooches, basium1 Praise be to TheRedPoet for convincing me that this was a good idea!