spiral staircase that moved unlike any other in Hogwarts. It was moving upward, like an escalator. "This way, children. Quickly now." Professor Sprout directed with a wave of her hand. Professor Snape was already on the stairs with Flitwick, and the four students followed with Professors Sprout and McGonagall just behind. When they reached the top, there was a large oak door with a gleaming brass knocker in the shape of a griffin. Professor Snape knocked firmly on the door, and it swung open on silent hinges. They all filed in, and Dumbledore was already standing in his office, though none of them were entirely sure how he'd reached it before them. He was smiling kindly as they entered. "Sit, sit." He gestured to the open area, wand suddenly in hand, and conjured four chairs before watching in concealed fascination as each student followed the command. It was amazing, how differently children could act from one another. The Slytherin sat with dignified poise, screaming aristocrat. The Gryffindor slumped in his chair, looking at him with a casual interest. The Ravenclaw's eyes darted around the room in open curiosity as she sat down slowly, almost in wonder. The Hufflepuff muttered a thanks before sitting at the edge of her seat, letting her hands rest in her lap. As the Headmaster offered the last a welcoming smile, she smirked back, her warm amusement genuine. The professors conjured their own chairs, and sat behind the students. Dumbledore had no introduction, and just dove right into the heart of the matter. "Now, I'm aware that I said during the original announcement of this project that you would wear the Sorting Hat again, and it would give you your new, temporary, house. But I have talked with it, and it will not sort twice. It refuses to. So what we will do instead is switch. Gryffindor and Ravenclaw will swap, as will Hufflepuff and Slytherin." The Headmaster got no further however when Professor Sprout suddenly launched from her chair, curly graying hair framing a surprisingly furious face. "Headmaster, are you suggesting that—" "Pomona," He interrupted her. "This is not a conversation to be had at this present moment. You will wait until the students are dismissed." Professor Sprout took a deep breath, before sitting back down in her seat with an undignified huff. He knew the source of her unease, but it was not to be brought up in front of children. A single hand rose into the air. Dumbledore stared at it for a moment before remembering himself. "Yes, Ms. Morgan?" The Ravenclaw's blue eyes held his steadily. "When will we switch, and where will we be staying?" She asked, her voice soft. "You will be staying in your new house's dormitories, and the goal is to move you there by Sunday, so you have an understanding of your house before classes begin." "Will it be the same course work?" The question came from the Slytherin this time. "For Ms. Morgan and Mr. Johnson, you will simply trade places in class, because you are both third-years. But You, Mr. Wilf, will be added into the Hufflepuff's fourth-year students, while Ms. Ross will sit in with the second-year Slytherins. Your course work will stay the same." Dumbledore waited, and was glad he did when another voice added a question. "How will we get to the common rooms?" Maxwell spoke up. "You'll become nostalgic of your first year, because you will be escorted through by a prefect, just like then." Dumbledore said with a nod. "Excuse me, Headmaster." Amelia's voice was heard next. "But what about our robes?" "Ah, an excellent question." Dumbledore said with a nod. "I do believe I have an idea, but you'll have to bear with me while we try it. Your customary ties will have both house colors- from your original and from the new- and the lining of your robes will change to a new color while your house patches stay the same. How does that sound?" "How and when will we get these new robes?" Jasper asked. "They will be provided for you by tomorrow afternoon." Dumbledore answered, before leaning back in his chair. "I would like to thank you all personally for choosing to participate in this. Our ultimate goal is to attempt and unite the houses, and to remind them that the patch on your robes shouldn't define who you are to be." He eyed each of them carefully. "I trust you will all have integrity in this, and respect the houses you are placed in. Now, I do believe it's getting late. Please return to your common rooms. If you have any more questions, you will remember to ask?" They all nodded their understanding, each again in their own way; Jasper offered a polite incline of his head, Elisabeth nodded absent minded, Amelia held his gaze as she nodded, conveying clearly that she understood, while Maxwell grinned mischievously as he completed the action. Dumbledore smiled slightly. "Good. I will see you all in the Great Hall tomorrow." He stood from his chair, dismissing them. Everyone followed suit, but before they could leave entirely, he called out "And professors, if you wouldn't mind I would like to hold a meeting in my office once everything is settled in your common rooms?" The teachers also gave him a brief nod, Sprout and McGonagall seriously, Flitwick and Snape with a dreary expression, knowing that the meeting would not be pleasant in the slightest if the subject matter would be what they guessed of it. It was going to be a late night. A/N: Another one, I know... sorry. But I need to give credit where credit is due! This is AU, so all the characters you don't recognize are mine. And these OCs were created with the help of jahaha27! If you haven't seen her stuff, I highly recommend it. Especially if you need OC help. Thank you for reading, and let me know if you're interested in more.