almost every color of the rainbow. Every single one Nisa insisted on keeping. Boots from ankle-length to thigh-high, leather and suede, dozens of uggs from black to lavender. Tops, blouses, camis, sweaters in every and similar design, in almost every color. "I'm curious, Nisa," Aria said. "When you go shopping, do you just walk to the salesgirl and say I'll have this top in every color you got?" "Don't be ridiculous," Nisa snapped. "I do that online." Of course she did. Aria saw a short, scooped-neck, long-sleeved dress with a low neckline that was in white, hot-pink, blue, yellow, lime-green, red, and black piled on top of a dresser. "I think we both know that you'll more likely never to wear one of these again, much less all of them. So what's leaving and what's staying?" Nisa examined each one, feeling the material, studying each color. "Keep the white. I'll give the pink to Pansy. She's been eyeing it since I bought it. The yellow is really an ugly shade, so get rid of it. Same with the green. Pretty sure I bought it out of a whim. I have a dozen more red dresses that are so much better, so you can get rid of that as well. The blue and black…toss them out." Thank god. Aria put the white one inside the closet after finding a hanger, folded the pink for Pansy and set it aside, and tossed out the others. Another hour in and progress was being made, with more clothes being cleared out, most being brought back to the closet, some being tossed out. As she was pushing aside seven jeans that failed to get Nisa's approval for staying, Aria came across a t-shirt that made her grin. A white tee with the words, BECAUSE WE MATCH written in yellow and blue with yellow bat wings underneath. "I knew you loved Carry On ." She grinned. "Baz is bae and snowbaz is life," was all Nisa had to say before she snatched the t-shirt back and stuffed it into her dresser. Aria didn't even bother hiding her laughter, letting it out loud and proud, even as two t-shirt crumpled-up balls were hurled at her direction. Gradually, bit by bit, toss and keep, the room was actually starting to look…well, not like a room since it was still messy but at least Aria didn't feel like she was standing in the middle of a natural disaster incident anymore. Nisa, despite her protests and complains, was actually getting into it. Swaying her hips to the music as Spotify switched from Alessia to Ariana, making a pile of clothes and shoes she was keeping, tossing out more and more of the things that didn't pass her approval of keepsakes. She claimed it was only because certain things held sentimental values, but Aria suspected it had more so to do with the fact the more stuff she tossed out, the more space she'd have for the new ones. Aria nearly passed over a top, but a second glance brought her attention back to it. A fishnet top with a sheer, attached black cami underneath it. "This is actually pretty cute." "Take it." Nisa said. "Seriously?" "Sure, it'd look much better on you then on me. Besides, it'd definitely be improvement to your wardrobe." "Hey!" A smirk curved Nisa's thin pink lips. "I say it with love, darling. As much as you love your graphic tees, the fact remains you're in desperate need to expand your wardrobe." "Should I try out your method of buying everything on sight?" Nisa mimicked her, using her hand as a puppet. When she was through with her puppet-show, she checked her watch for the time, a smile spreading across her face. "Would you look at that? Twelve past noon. I'd say that's our cue for break time." "We only got through a fraction of your closet, Nisa," Aria said. "And that was just beginning of the unhaul." "A fraction more than how it was before. Besides we worked hard. I say for every two hours we spend working, we get an hour of rest. A reward for our efforts. Speaking of rewards," Mischief twinkled in her eyes as she went out to count the cast-outs that was banished into the hallway. "The reward bonus you promised me was two items for two minutes doing whatever I wanted with you. And according to my calculations, we have…thirty eight things out there." It seemed Aria found another motivation behind Nisa's vigorous cleaning. She tried to keep her face neutral as Nisa undid the belt to her night-robe, letting it drop to the floor as she walked over to her, left only in her lacy tiny nightgown. "Thirty-eight stuff? That's impressive, and also quite generous of you." "Isn't it?" "Two minutes for two minutes. So, with thirty-eight items that makes…" "Seventy-six minutes, which translates to…?" Nisa quickly did the math in her head. "An hour and sixteen beautiful minutes." Aria hummed under her breath as Nisa grinned, closing the distance between them. Warmth flared in her stomach as Nisa pried off her glasses, setting them down on the dresser. "First…" Nisa practically sang. In a heartbeat, Aria was lifted off her feet and flung onto a lounge chair that was clear of clothes. 'I want you exactly like this." She crawled onto her, straddling her hips. Aria giggled. Nisa leaned forward and undid her braid, setting her messy, ink-black curls free. It was hard to keep in her moan as Nisa massaged her scalp. Nisa's hands slide down to her t-shirt, playing with the hem. "As adorable as this tee is, Aria, I think it will much more better on the floor." In one swipe, she lifted the t-shirt off and flung it aside. She grinned down at the sight of Aria in her white, front-clasp bra, licked her lips hungrily, and dove in to collect her prize, the sounds of heavy kissing and moaning filling the room.