fire, but he didn't care, Voldemort was dead and he has won. The world was now safe. Harry looked at the crowd and was happy to see everyone looking at him. But his moment of joy was cut short when he saw an angry French beauty marching up to him with a fire in her eyes. Harry stood up as fast as he can but she was faster. Fleur gave him a slap that so was loud that people could swear Harry still had a mark to this day. "WHERE WERE YOU!" Harry struggled to stand up straight. He expected Fleur to blast him with a fireball but instead, she hugged him tighter than she has every before. He returned the hug she pulled away and in place of the fire in her eyes were tears. "Why, why did you leave me," Fleur said with so much pain. "Fleur, I'm sorry, I didn't want to leave you on your wedding. But the thought of you with Bill, just break my hearts," "I'm not married Arry," "You're not!? What happened to Bill?!" "I declined 'im at zee alter," "But, Fleur, why, you said you loved him because he-," "I never loved 'im, like I said I was 'eartbroken, zee man I love, could never love me back, and now I know eet's true," "Who was this man," "Ow can you be so dense! Eet was you Arry, I always loved you, I will never stop loving you, but you don't love me back," "Fleur that's not true, I've always loved you, you helped me through thick and thin," Fleur buried her face into Harry's chest. She cried in his arms for a while and finally, she pulled away. "I canceled zee wedding after I couldn't find you at zee ceremony, I zought zat if I could see your face one more time, I could maybe get over you and move on, but when I didn't see you anywhere for 2 months, I couldn't find zee strength to go on," Harry clenched his fist. He was angry at himself for making Fleur suffer. "But when I overheard zat someone saw you at Gringotts, I knew zat you were alive, I-I-I just wanted to see you," Fleur said holding back tears. Harry placed his hands on Fleur's cheek like she did on him so many times before. "I love you Fleur Isabelle Delacour, I've been in love with you since the night of the third task but I couldn't find the courage to tell you," Fleur held on to Harry's wrist lightly "I've loved you since zee night of the Yule Ball, our dance, zee way you spoke to me, zee fact zat you always treated me wiz kindness, I love you 'Arry Potter and I will always be by your side to hell and back," The two stared at each other for a while and stayed quiet until the crowd called out. "JUST KISS HER ALREADY!" The two laughed lightly and they did what the crowd told them too. Harry felt his entire body become loose, her lips were soft and Harry didn't this feeling to stop. Fleur wrapped her arms around his neck and deepened the kiss. In what felt like an eternity, she pulled away, leaving Harry dumbfounded. "I wanted to do zat for so long," Fleur said in a breathy voice. "I-I-I like ice cream," Harry croaked. Fleur laughed lightly. Harry felt like nothing could ruin this moment until he felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned around and was met with the face of William Weasley. Harry reached for his wand but Bill raised up his hand. "There's no need for that Harry, I just wanted to give you this," Bill handed Harry a small box. "But, why" "I love Fleur and I won't stop, but if she's happy with you, then I'm willing to move on," "But-" "You've done so much for my family, I just wanted to pay you back," Bill smiled and stuck his hand out. Harry smiled back and shook it. "Now I think there is a question you need to ask a certain French witch," Harry turned around to Fleur smiling wider than ever. Harry got on his knees and a large gasp was heard from the crowd. Harry opened that box and took all his courage to ask Fleur "Fleur, you've been the best thing that has happened to me in a long time, and without a doubt in my mind, I want you to be with me in this life and the next. Fleur Isabelle Delacour, will you be my wife," Tears filled her eyes. "Oui, I will marry you," The crowd cheered. Harry placed the ring on Fleur's finger and the two shared a kiss. Harry walked back and forth in the hospital room. He waited for what felt like months until a nurse called his name "Mr. Potter, please come with me," Harry followed the nurse into a small room and laying in the bed was his wife and his new child. Harry walked up to Fleur and kissed her forehead. "Isn't she beautiful," "Just like her mother," "What should we name 'er?" "I don't know," "I always 'ad an idea," "What is it?" "Alayna " "Like her mother, it's perfect, I love you," Harry kissed her forehead again. "Je t'aime, Je serai Toujours, pour vous et vous seul" Fleur kissed Harry on the cheek For once Harry understood her. AN: I'm surprised that this one shot is 4000 words but that's how it is. Also for those you are wondering I used an internet translator the french, so it's shitty at best. Also the name Alayna means beautiful in French. The line that Fleur said in the house means. "I love you, I always had, but you never loved me back, I do this for you and you only," and the one in the hospital means "I love you, I will always for you and you only,"