had suggested using wrackspurt dust infused with fresh water plimpie essence. Neville had suggested learning partial transfiguration. Neither had been very useful. The library had been her hang out these days, seeing no one could bother her in there without being chewed out by Madame Pince. Sitting in a secluded corner close to the restricted section, she was reading up on rune magic, when someone cleared their throat. She looked up and saw Zambini standing there. Hey eyebrows lifted for a moment, then she glared at him in suspicion. "Yes. Do you need anything Zabini?" She said cordially. He cleared his throat again and began. "As you may not know, my mother had coerced me into taking muggle studies. I am embarrassed to say that in this class, I'm not the strongest , seeing as I'm the lone Slytherin in these classes, I haven't the support that is needed." Harry raised her eyebrows. "Anytime this century Zambini." He continued. " What I'm asking is for your assistance. Since you are notorious for you inter house harmony speeches, I hazard a guess that you would not refuse such a polite favor." He finished, and stared at a point beyond her head. She sat back in her chair. "Well you aren't wrong. That was polite. And since you asked politely, I don't exactly mind helping you But get shirty with me I'll chew you out faster than a dog on a bone, understand." He began to feel awkward." So...um..what exactly do you need help in?" He suddenly looked in her eyes as he responded, his velvety brown eyes meet her own green ones. " You should know, as we share the class. Do you not pay attention?" Harry was about to be offended but he interrupted "The topic we are exploring currently is social media and it's impact." Harry suddenly felt as if her face was in front of a fire. "Well..um.. I'm fairly...um...I-I know a bit about that, I could help you." She looked to the side at the bookshelves. "Excellent. I'll see you tomorrow, same place and same time as now." Harry opened her mouth to say something, but he had left before a single word was uttered. She went to bed completely bewildered by his behavior. She was still bewildered when she woke up. It was around six, and she lay there wondering what it all meant. When the sun finally had risen she decided to put Sirius' care package together. She went to the kitchens and gathered a basket, with house elves eager help, of food that would last for a while. They had filled it with breads, lots of jerky, fruits, vegetables, some desserts, prepared sandwiches, two whole roast chickens, a ham, a wedge of cheese,and several thermos'. Each filled with water, juice, soup and one empty one. She attached a extra note saying to fill it up with snow and let it melt if he ever ran out. Harry, knowing that he might need it, had also asked if she could have a knife, fork, and spoon. She had a feeling when she picked up the basket, that the house elves already knew who was it for, and that their magic had something to do with the fact it was light weight. Thanking the house elves profusely, she left and snuck herself to the owlery. She looked for Hedwig, but to no avail. Perhaps she went hunting ? Harry couldn't wait for her, so she enlisted large brown owl in her stead. Covering the basket with a blanket, which she had spelled with a permanent warming charm, that he could use. She instructed the owl, and watched it fly off into the grey sky and made her way back to the dorms. Deciding to use a shortcut located on the third floor, she rounded a corner as she did a door burst open to her left. "You know what it means severus! It's a sign!" Karkaroff and Snape were standing in a storage cupboard, with karkaroff holding his left hand out. His sleeve was rolled up and she could barely make out the dark 's eyes were wide open in shock, she was actually too shocked to move. Upon seeing Harry, karkaroff lowered his sleeve and walked off angrily. Harry swallowed as Snape's eyes narrowed on her. He sneered at her and said "Potter come here" she stiffened and walked forwards. He dug through his robes and pulled out a vial. Harry flinched and turned her head as he lifted to it to her face. " Do you know what this is Potter?" Harry raised her eyebrows. "Bubble juice sir?" she said, hoping she sounded casual. "It is veritiserum. Do you know what it does?" Harry opened her mouth, but he continued on. "It's a truth serum. My hand just might slip over your morning pumpkin juice and accidentally slip you some." Harry interjected quickly "I always knew you'd resort to poisoning me. Good luck with that thought because I don't like pumpkin juice. Beside what am I lying about? I don't think I have anything to lie about anyway." He stared at her. "Can I go now. I won't tell anyone." She held her breath. "Go" He said as he turned around, his robes hitting her in the face. Harry's face jerked back a bit as she sucked her teeth agitatedly. " Prat." With that she made her way to the common room. I hope you liked it. This has been my first Fanfiction version 2, and it may not be good, but I worked hard on it. I'm trying to keep it close to canon compliant and with the characters as close to the characters jkr had them. With creative licence of course. This might be one shot, but I don't know, if you read it and like it, let me know. I don't mind, but I want to know if you want more. I so definetely have more ideas as it goes on.