had a chance to talk with everyone since this happened. We're gonna talk to some of our more politically savvy members this summer," Hermione picked up. "Most of us won't be able to openly communicate, Granger," Daphne spoke up, gesturing to the Slytherins. "Especially since most of us, myself included, don't know which way our parents will lean." Daphne tended to be the Slytherin spokesperson. Even if house barriers were rarely an issue in the DA, the Slytherin students still had some unique problem. It had been bad enough contending with the blood-purists — now they would have the Dark Lord and his loyal ilk to worry about. "And that's where the rest of the package comes in," Hermione continued. "Everyone will be receiving a journal; using it, we'll be able to share research and notes with every member. We'll also be able to communicate with group-wide or individual messages. Like a live chat," "Sounds ingenious," "It's taken a while," Hermione agreed. "I've had to work out the enchantments and security spells myself since store-bought ones won't do. But I'm ready to start producing quite a few." There were a few murmurs then Hermione continued. "The last two things in the package will be jewelry. Everyone will be receiving a ring and an amulet. They will be equipped with numerous enchantments and blood-based tracking spells and the ability to send a distress signal. We'll also be able to signal individuals or the whole group to announce a meeting or something of the like." "Why would we need that?" Roger Malone, an older Ravenclaw, questioned. "The distress signal, I mean," "In case there's a death eater attack," Susan answered for them. "Not just that — I know some of you don't have ideal home lives." Harry spoke up, looking at some of the Slytherins and muggleborns in particular. "By the second week of July I should have a house set up if anyone needs somewhere to go." He saw some minute relaxation in a couple of people who were particularly concerned for their families as they realized they'd have somewhere to go. "If you ever feel like you or your family is in danger, they are welcome too. Everyone does have somewhere to go." "To that effect, the ring and necklace will also be portkeys. The ring will take you to the Honeydukes cellar passage, just where the wards end near the end of the tunnel. That will be a permanent portkey to that location. The necklace will take you to whatever house Harry sets up. Expect those in two weeks," "Gareth and the Sally's-" Ron began. Sally-Anne Perks and Sally Smith waved in acknowledgement. "We're going to be working on defensive plans for Hogwarts. That'll start when we get the journals — there's a whole section in the research bits for maps and tactics," "I'm sorry," Harry said as everyone died down — they'd been more accepting of the changes than Harry could have hoped for. He honestly couldn't believe no one had blamed him for Cedric's death. "I'm sorry that I've drug you all into this and I'm sorry about the things it's going to do to your lives. I want you to really understand what you could be walking into…" "Harry," Katie Bell, Gryffindor's star chaser, spoke up. "I remember exactly how this group started and it had nothing to do with you building an army to take on Voldemort." "I'm not building an army," he protested. "But you should be," Hestia and Flora Carrow, the most surprising members of the DA given their dark heritage, spoke in eery unison. Still, they had taken the same oaths as everyone and had made quiet but fast friends with many other house members. "You didn't make this our battle. They did that when they killed our friend. I don't think any of us are ready for war, for battle, but it seems like we've got some time to get ready. We're going to use it." "I'm going to go through the Bones vault," Susan declared. "During the traditional visit on my 15th birthday, I'll retrieve some memories. They're of the first war. They belonged to my p-parents and my auntie. Maybe it'll give us an idea of how death eaters fight." "That's a great idea, Susan." Harry replied softly. "I think that's enough of the heavy stuff for now. We'll all be in contact this summer — remember to keep up your exercise and wandless magic and occlumency exercises. I know for most of you that just means meditation, but keep at it. You'll get there," "Dobby," Harry called, the excitable elf popping into existence in front of him. "You think you can have that light meal brought up? And some butter beers?" "Right away, Harry Potter sir," The elf popped back and the DA members took to the two long parallel tables that seated everyone. Harry stood and placed a gentle hand on Cho's shoulder, helping to lead the toast for Cedric. When he was finished, Zara stood and said a few words in Latin that turned quickly into some sort of chant. Daphne and a few of the other purebloods and even the Weasley's spoke along with the chant that left a somber sort of magic in the air. "To Cedric," Harry finished, making a note to ask Ron about it later. "To Cedric," everyone echoed. A/N: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter of Amicus Protectio Fortis. I also hope that everything didn't come off as too cliché. It's unavoidable to some degree but I strive for originality. I've already written in excess of 150 more pages and I'm going to try to post a new chapter every Wednesday and Saturday pretty regularly until writing becomes scarce. I am a college student so please forgive me if I don't keep to that and feel free to message me anytime. Please leave your comments or criticisms in the reviews (flames will be rigorously ignored). Revised: January 15 2017