once, had any teacher ever, told him that it was not his fault. Not once. Several even outrightly blamed him for his own disease, treating a scared kid away from his family like a criminal, already sentenced. One moment he had steeled himself for a verbal battery, the next, years of pent up feelings of self-loathing were released. "Professor," Remus wiped at his nose, all pretenses washed away, "I just want to let you know, how th-thankful I am-" The rest of the words were lost to a bought of stifled sobs, "I already know, I promise," Allrisen said gently, "I don't know if you are aware of the political climate of the United States right now, but persecution is not a new concept for me," Lupin stared at his professor. Her dark eyes gleamed back at him, and Remus knew, she understood. He had listened to his father's accounts of some of the American Wizards who came to the ministry, how backwards some of them still spoke of matters. "Here," Allrisen made a snatching motion, and pulled a handkerchief out of the air and handed it to Lupin, "take a moment, I ended class early because I didn't know how long this conversation would take," Lupin hastily wiped at his tears and swallowed quickly, determined to compose himself. "I asked your friends to stay because as head boy and girl, they are your house's liaisons to the professors, so I am tasking them with helping you with your accommodations if needed," Allrisen looked at Lily and James, "You guys understand?" Lily nodded, on the verge of empathetic tears herself. Of course she would never understand the outright abuse Lupin had faced, but she was beginning to see parallels as the term "Mudblood" was being thrown around more and more casually. "We already have an arrangement set up," James added, "Just a few of our friends," "I'm guessing your pal who wouldn't stop staring at my neckline had something to do with it?" Allrisen asked. Lupin let out a croaking laugh at that remark. All three of them giggled softly. "Anyways, I want to hear your ideas Mr. Lupin, anything about the current system that you would like changed to help accommodate your 'cycles'? I was thinking just basics, not assigning a ton of homework directly before full moons or having papers due directly after them?" "Th-that would be very helpful," Lupin said. That had become a problem more and more as his classes had intensified. There was one memorable incident last year where Remus blacked out from exhaustion halfway through a magical history pop quiz, drooling all over his ink and failing spectacularly. "Maybe extra hours to review material that might be missed?" Lily added, "Oh of course! Feel free to come by any time for private reviews if you want Lupin. I was planning on having hours for open discussions with anybody, but we can set up a time if you don't want to have to compete for talking time," "Yes, thank you" Lupin said into the hanky. He looked at his professor again, and amidst the waterfall of emotions currently falling through him, a truly beautiful idea arose. "Professor, I don't suppose, do the Native Americans have any cures?" Even as he said it, he could see the apology form on Allrisen's lips. "I'm so sorry, but I can't cure you," Lupin ducked his head, determined not to start crying again. Stupid of him for asking, stupid of him for daring to get his hopes up for even two seconds- "But there are remedies, manners in which to control the symptoms," Allrisen added, "Native tribes often looked to social bonds, animal protectors who could control the afflicted. Werewolves don't hunt other animals y'know, just humans for some reason," James laughed a little at that remark, "Native Americans would train protector dogs and other wolves to watch over afflicted loved ones when they turned, I could look for a trainer or call up some that I know back in the states," "Please, don't go to that trouble," Lupin said. It would be a waste to have his new professor find him a protector when he already had two. Pettigrew didn't really count anymore. "Are you sure?" Allrisen arched an eyebrow. Lupin and James added vigorously. "Ok, well, also, the wolfsbane potion is one of those I mentioned that are heavily derived from Native recipes. There are other combinations that work nearly as well and won't bankrupt a small country. I can talk to Professor Slughead-" "Slughorn," Lily corrected quickly, then winced at the fear of angering back to a teacher, "Between you and me, I like my version better," Allrisen winked, "But yes, I can start looking into ingredient availability." "Professor, I have to tell you, I don't have much money-" "The faculty fund will be more than enough to cover you, I'm positive." Allrisen assured them. "I can't ask you to do that," Lupin insisted, steeling himself at the risk of Allrisen retracting the offer. "You're not asking, I was going to do it anyways." the Professor shrugged. Lupin opened his mouth to protest further, but Allrisen cut him off, "Next period is about to start, you should get going if you don't want to be late, we have plenty of time to work out the details, this is just the beginning." The trio hoisted their bags overflowing with textbooks, and made their way towards the door, "Oh and Potter!" James turned around to face their new professor from the doorway, "Professor McGonagall spoke to me earlier, warning me about certain students from her house, so I wanted to inform you: If you or Sirius Black pull a stunt like that again it will mean war. I strongly urge you to recall where I'm from, and what happened last time your country went to war with mine," Allrisen gave him a glowing smile as a clump of first year Hufflepuffs pushed past him, "have a lovely day!"