am," While I smirked at what was obviously coming next, Remus and Peter looked on in rapt attention. "Going to buy a house." Sending me a wink, Sirius leaned back with a smirk of his own. "That's not really all that surprising, Sirius. We knew you have been looking at houses lately." Remus said while leaning back and examining his fingernails in boredom. Swallowing the urge to knock the smirking ebony haired boy from his perch, I put my hands on my hips best I could without standing up. Rule number 12 of the Marauder's: Never stand during a meeting lest your punishment be a pile on of the other Marauders. "Padfoot is a dirty rotten liar and if he doesn't come clean in the next thirty second, he will pay by way of Mrs. Emerson." Weighing his options, Sirius looked torn between what to say and I smiled evilly. First, I knew that if he were made to see Mrs. Emerson, he would either be taken alive by the man-eater and would die in her clutches or would be beaten senseless by her husband, who seemed to not know anything of her man-eating ways. And second, I knew that he was weighing the option of being killed in cold blood by Alexa if the secret of them shagging got out. Finally, right as his seconds were ticking down to zero, he decided on which punishment was worse. "Fine, that's not it." Glaring at me, he looked at each of the four of us with a stern expression on his pureblood features. "I swear on the Marauder's Guide though, if you all tell anyone what I'm about to tell you then I will personally feed you to the Bloody Barron. Swear it on the Guide." Summoning the book from my bedside table, I put it on the table that Remus had conjured in the middle of us. Looking at the book, we all smiled fondly for a moment at the Guide that started it all. The Marauder's Guide: To All Things Good was like our version of the Bible. Or Filch's version of How to Catch a Prankster. If one made a promise to the Guide, it was kept until stated that it was all right to release the promise. "I'll swear on it." I said with a smile and put my hand in the middle, right above the antlers that had been embossed on the cover. "Definitely," Remus said, placing his hand below mine on the moon. Peter was next, silently placing his hand on the rat located cattycorner to the edge. Finally, Sirius placed his hand at the top above the words. Once we had all taken our hands off, Sirius took a deep breath. "Okay, for the past few weeks, since the train ride home, I have been partaking in a small friends with benefits relationship with Alexa." As he waited for everyone's reaction, I noticed that the only one who had reacted was Peter. "What, no big gasps or anything?" "Well, I obviously already knew since I was trying to get you to come clean," I said nonchalantly while shrugging my shoulders. "And it was pretty obvious that something was going on. I mean, really, you smell like a girl lately, Padfoot and anyone in their sane mind would recognize Alexa's perfume because she's the only one that wears it." Remus said with a grin and Sirius face-palmed in annoyance. "Why didn't anyone say anything? Do you think the girls notice something is up? Because if they do then you can guarantee that this will be over and we'll be back to the friends-only zone in less time than it would take for me to turn into Padfoot." As my best friend got all worked up, I raised an eyebrow and something clicked in my head. "Dear lords, Padfoot, are you saying that you like Alexa Parker again?" I questioned while leaning forward. Remus tilted his head to the side and Peter even tuned in while we watched Sirius squirm. He stuttered on for a moment before clearing his throat and sitting up straight in his chair. "No, don't be silly. We're taking part in this because we are both hormonal teens. Not because we want an actual relationship again. Everyone knows how well that turned out last time." "But that doesn't mean you wouldn't get it right the second time," Moony said while putting his thinking expression on. "Everyone has fights. I mean, Merlin, Lyla and I were almost done for good but now we're getting married with a baby on the way." "And everyone knows that Blair and I were almost finished over the Lily fiasco a few months back." I put in to make him feel better. As we had discussed in numerous talks before, Sirius was better with Alexa. Less arrogant, more understanding, not as prickish and playboyish, as he would be without her. "Yes, well, it's not going to happen so can we implement rule 28 and drop the subject, please?" He sighed while running a hand through his hair and Remus and I exchanged a look before letting the subject drop for now. Rules were supposed to be followed and we would do that for him. "Well, alright, but what else is there to talk about?" Remus asked while fiddling with the edge of the Guide that still sat between us all. With a shit-eating grin, Sirius put his mask back up for the time being and tapped his fingers along the table for a few moments. "What?" "Two words for you, Moony." I said catching Sirius' drift. As we looked at the boy in question, we both smiled evilly. With the seventh week until the wedding winding down quickly, we knew what we had to do so no more time would be lost and the girls wouldn't one up us again. Remus groaned when he realized what we were up to and Peter squeaked in excitement again. "Bachelor Party!"