Please transfigure this coaster into a quill, and back." "As you wish." Harry waved his wand over the coaster, it turned into a beautiful quill. He then waved back, and it reverted back into a coaster. And then, just to show off, he turned the coaster into a mouse, before turning it back. Professor McGonagall looked astounded. "Impressive, Mister Ambrosius, transfiguring an inanimate object into an animate object, and nonverbally too are NEWT level skills. I'm very impressed. Hogwarts would be lucky to have you." "I'm afraid that I led you here under false pretences. My name is not really Harry Ambrosius, at least my last name isn't." He slid his transcript across the table. Professor McGonagall ashen as he read the name on the report card. Distinctively, it said 'Harry Potter.' McGonagall looked up, the teen in front of her was a spitting image of James Potter. And his eyes were the same unique shade of green as Lily Potter. "Dear Merlin, you're…" She gasped. "Do you know about your parents?" Harry nodded. "And do you resent them?" She challenged. Harry sighed. "There's no point in dwelling on the past. I am who I am because of my experiences. I'm happy to be who I am. On that note, I would at like to see what kind of people they are with my own eyes. I hope you can keep this between us for now, at least until the sorting. I don't want to deal with the Daily Prophet anytime soon." McGonagall nodded, following his wishes. "I must inform the Headmaster." "Do as you must, professor." Harry said diplomatically. "If you don't mind me asking, I know your parents. They told me you weren't capable of using magic." "You mean me being a squib?" Harry laughed softly. "It's alright professor, I'm not offended. It seemed whoever diagnosed me as a squib made a mistake." He said with a shrugged. He was saying that Albus Dumbledore made a mistake without realising it. "Why didn't your Aunt inform your mother when you began displaying any signs of magic. She was supposed to." "I supposed she wanted to keep the money." Harry answered, based on what Morgana had informed him. "I only stayed with them for a couple of years though. A kind Wizard couple had taken me in and rescue me from the Dursley, they raised me and taught me magic. But they feel I should connect with my ancestral roots, which relates to me going to Hogwarts." "Can you tell me the name of your magical guardians?" The professor inquired. "I'm not at liberty to say. They are good people who treasures their privacy." Harry explained. "But if you give a Magical Oath not to disclose their identity to anyone else, then I'll tell you." The professor slowly took out her wand after a moment of consideration. "I swear on my magic to not disclose the identity of the magical couple that took Harry Potter in from the Dursley to anyone who isn't privy to it until he gives me permission to do so, so mote it be." A stream of light marked the completion of the oath. Harry smiled, satisfied with her oath. "Thank you professor. They are actually over there." He waved for Merlin and Morgana to walk over from a different table. Merlin and Morgana came to their booth. "Professor." They bowed. "Pleasure to make your acquaintance." The Professor inclined. She was confused, she had expected a much older couple. Merlin and Morgana looked like they were in their mind twenties. Merlin waved his hand through the air. The air seemed to shimmered for a moment. Professor McGonagall recognised a privacy spell when she saw one. It prevents others from listening in. Merlin had also cast a notice-me-not charm. "This should give us some privacy." Merlin smiled. The professor was stunned by the ease the young man had conjured the ward, with no wand and no incantation. She had never seen anything like it, aside from Albus Dumbledore. Now she was genuinely curious. "My name is Merlin Emrys, and this is my wife, Morgana Pendragon." Merlin introduced. "That's not possible." The professor refuted sensibly. "I swear on my magic that what I just said was the truth, so mote it be." Merlin said, a slowly stream of light appeared. "Dear Merlin." She said in astonishment, causing him to smile, as she just used his name. She looked like she was about to faint. "How are you two still alive? And you two are married? I thought you two were mortal enemies." "History is a bit muffled." Merlin laughed. "It's true my wife danced on the dark side for a bit, but she came back into the light. As for how we stayed alive this long, that is not something we can disclose, sorry." "So, are you going to accept Harry into Hogwarts?" Morgana asked politely. The Professor was still in shocked that she was talking to the infamous Morgan Le Fay. "I see no reason why I shouldn't. I must say, it's an absolute honour to meet the two of you. I am a big fan." She smiled warmly. "Don't be. We're just an old couple who have removed ourselves from the affairs of the world." Merlin admitted. "It's up to the younglings to fight for what is right now." Harry was holding back a laugh, settling for a grin. Seeing the grin plastered on the young teen's face, McGonagall shook her head. "That mischievous grin. I really hope you didn't inherit your father's streak for trouble." she added pointedly. Merlin and Morgana grinned toothily. While Harry Potter flashed a guilty smiled. Deep in Professor McGonagall's heart, she knew Harry Potter would create waves, and somehow, there was something exciting about that prospect she couldn't quite put her fingers on. A/N: Chapter One done. Please Rate and Review :D I sort of based Merlin and Morgana from the Show Merlin. Sorry for any spelling or grammatical error.