me that way, but— "I'm serious, Harry," she said, trying to calm her shaking voice. "I—I've thought about you for so long, and—and I don't just fancy you, you have to understand." "Yeah," he said throatily, lifting her chin so that she looked in his eyes instead of at his collar. "I don't just fancy you, too. I—I more than fancy you," he stuttered, looking shocked and scared about having said this. Ginny felt like her heart was too full to go on beating. "Yes," she nodded. "I more-than-fancy you, too. But—but because of that, and because of how long I've felt this way about you, and the thoughts I've had about all of that—" "—and the fantasies. Don't forget the fantasies," he reminded her, starting to smile again. "—and the fantasies, which are one of the biggest problems—" "Problems?" he said, frowning. "Yes, problems. You see, Harry, we've only just got together, and that's wonderful. But even though I think we should take it slow, I don't know how on earth I'm going to do that. It was easy for me to stop Michael and Dean from doing—things—but this is you . I—I don't want to stop you—and I certainly don't want to hex you—even though I know I should—well, not the hexing. And you may think me terribly wicked or tarty or I don't know what, but I'm asking for your help, Harry, because I'm going to need for you to have enough self-control for both of us." "You're not serious?" he choked, staring at her, his green eyes quite wide behind his glasses. "You want me to—to stop any—" "Well, not necessarily any —" "But you want me to be the one who says 'stop' when it's time to stop." "If I don't." "If you don't," he echoed, breaking away from her and running his hand through his already-unruly hair, making her want to do that again. "Ginny, do you have any idea how much I've wanted to—I mean, I reckon I always thought the girl was the one who—" "—and she usually is. When she's not quite as mad about the boy as I am about you," she added softly, looking at him furtively, her heart fluttering from her confession. Despite still wearing her Quidditch kit, she felt as if she were standing naked before him, nothing more to hide. He had to know how he affected her, or they could get into tricky territory very quickly. "And if you were counting on me to be the one who was going to put the brakes on, I just wanted to tell you that you shouldn't," she finished very quickly, trying not to gasp for breath. "I'm just being honest." Harry gazed at her as if he really did think her mad. "You certainly are," he said faintly, still looking more than a little shocked. Then he started to smile a little. "Mad about me ?" She couldn't prevent herself from smiling as well. "Completely and utterly. Barking. Insane. Certifiable. Just send all of my owl post to St Mungo's. Mad ." Harry laughed and hugged her suddenly, picking her up and twirling her again. "Then call me barking mad as well. But don't worry, Ginny; I'll keep things at a slow and steady pace. This is one responsibility I don't mind having. As long as—" "—as long as we do progress? Yes, Harry. I'm definitely in favour of progress." She tipped her head up to him and he took the cue flawlessly, leaning down to kiss her gently, then demonstrating his stellar grasp of the word "progress" by gradually deepening the kiss, until they were clasping each other as fiercely as they had been in the common room, and with as little regard for who might be watching them. Harry and Ginny lost track of time again; when they finally noticed that it was the dinner hour they decided to go back to the castle. In front of the huge oak front doors Harry pulled Ginny to him again and kissed her gently, leaning his head on hers and sighing. "We need to be around a lot of other people again," he said sadly. "I won't have you all to myself anymore." She kissed the tip of his nose and laughed. "I'm the one who has to share you with the entire wizarding world!" He held her more tightly and rubbed his freshly-kissed nose against hers. "When I'm with you I don't have to be the Chosen One." "What makes you say that?" she asked, arching one brow. "You're my Chosen One, then." It was his turn to laugh. "Only if you'll be my Chosen One, too." "I thought we'd already settled that," she said, resting her head on his chest and closing her eyes, trying to stave off their entrance into the Great Hall, hundreds of eyes upon them. "I more-than-fancy-you—" "—and I more-than-fancy you," Harry finished, putting his cheek on her bright hair. "And we're both mad," she added as he took her hand and walked up the stairs with her. "Well, that goes without saying," he said, laughing again. Ginny wanted to stare at him, at how happy he was, wishing that their lives could always be this way, that there was no storm just out of the corner of their eyes, threatening to bring their happiness crashing to earth, threatening to end it. But she forced her mouth into a smile, deciding to live in the moment, to be happy with Harry in the here and now, to not let a second with him go to waste. Harry pulled open the door and they entered the castle together. The End #/#/# Please be a considerate reader and review! #/#/# IT'S HERE! The first THREE episodes of my Harry Potter meta podcast: QUANTUM HARRY, THE PODCAST Search for "QUANTUM HARRY" on FB and like/follow the page! (There are links in the posts for the YouTube videos and to download the episodes from iTunes.)