The foreigner, the pureblood fanatic and the traitor. In a twisted way, it was actually a good thing: they quickly became the focal point of everyone else's hatred, because they were obvious symbols of everything wrong with the Dark Lord's rule. Still, they were probably responsible for most of the attacks targeting young Harry Potter. Knowing they were alive and free was incredibly frustrating for every member of the Order, especially Alastor Moody, who spent most of his time looking for them, to no avail. But Severus' point was the following: if the death eaters hadn't been completely eradicated, it was certainly not because of a lack of efforts on Albus' part. "If killing a child was the price to pay to protect our country from a Dark Lord, I wouldn't hesitate, Severus. However, the situation doesn't call for it. On the contrary: if Voldemort returns – and I fear he will – Harry may be our best hope to stop him." " How so ?" inquired Severus, somewhat sceptically. The boy may had the potential to face his former master one day, but it would still be many years before he could defeat him. " During the last war, I duelled Voldemort several times. At first, he was able to force a draw and escape. Then, he came back stronger, and I had to act the same way. But, in the latest of our confrontations, I got a strange feeling from him, as if I wouldn't be able to put him down, no matter what. I couldn't explain why – he wasn't stronger than before, not by much at least – but it was a cold certainty: 'I can't kill him' I thought. It chilled me more than I can express with words, because Gellert once thought the very same thing, just before I vanquished him. He told me that much when I met him at Nurmengard. " "But there is worse: Voldemort had the exact opposite feeling. He behaved like he knew I wouldn't defeat him. On this day, the 27th of October, only his arrogance allowed me to escape. Four days later, he disappeared without a trace, vanquished by a one-years-old. Don't you think it is significant ? I've elaborated many theories since then to explain his defeat, the likeliest being Lily sacrificed her life to protect her child, for even I wouldn't dare challenge such a potent magic, but Voldemort may have tried, and been destroyed as a result." "Still, it didn't explain why Tom suddenly got the upper hand against me. Until then, we were evenly matched, so why ?" "I sought an answer in many places, and I found it where I didn't think I would: in Homer's Iliad, of all things ! I was Hector, he was Achilles, both champions of the greatest calibre, but he had Fate on his side, and it made all the difference. Eventually, he would have set a siege on Hogwarts to force a last duel between us, and I would have met my demise in the same way Hector had. I was only saved because he was quicker than Achilles to confront his own Paris, nothing else." "Long story short," Snape summed up, "you believe there's a prophecy about the Dark Lord, and Potter junior might be his fated slayer." It made sense, in a way. Severus never understood how his former master could have been destroyed so easily, but if Fate had a hand in it... Well, even near-almighty beings like Merlin or the titan Cronos couldn't fight against the powers of destiny. "Your game is dangerous, Albus" he warned the headmaster. If Fate is truly on our side, we shouldn't interfere. Remember Oedipus, Belshazzar and Kumarbi ! Prophecies and the like are tricky things, mere humans can't play with it, lest they got crushed by the wheel of destiny." "I know" Albus admitted. "Yet inaction might result in a disaster too. I can't see what wrong can come from letting Harry study at Hogwarts. I won't groom him as a weapon – at least not before he's ripe for accepting it, or even better, for desiring it. After all, didn't Voldemort take everything from him ? Vengeance will likely be an important part of his life during the years to come, especially if it becomes clear to him that his nemesis isn't truly dead." "It's still hubris, Albus. We know next to nothing about whatever prophecies he might be involved with. It'd be dangerous enough with their content at our disposition, but here – it's madness !" "I hear your words, my friend. But I believe today gave us signs my ways are right. Didn't I say we could rely on the Founders' magic to find Mr. Potter ?" "It was barely enough" sneered the potions master. "Minerva's owl was just in time. One minute later and we would have found an atrociously mutilated body. Hounds of Shadow , Albus ! Even Bellatrix would hesitate before sending them after a child." Although he wouldn't admit it, Severus was still shocked. The summoned beasts were ferocious killers and relentless hunters, but they made such efficient weapons against most wizard because of their skin, whose resistance to magic was on a league above even the mighty dragons'. The only known ways to defeat them were to kill their summoners, to use physical weapons (and even then they were incredibly resilient to most metals), or to bypass their natural armour somehow. Minerva had done just that, sending magical dust through their nostrils, but only a few spells allowed such feats, and Severus himself couldn't rely on a foolproof solutions against the hounds. "We were lucky indeed" agreed the headmaster. "But between luck and destiny, thin is the distinction. That's exactly why I'm confident we're on the right tracks." "Merlin hear you, Albus. For if you're mistaken, we'll all pay the price dearly.". TO BE CONTINUED (Probably not before the 17th of June. Studies and all that IRL stuff).