away from the painting. They had walked for another minute in silence before Harry asked, "What was that for?" "You—you seemed like you needed a hug. Is your girlfriend not allowed to give you hugs when she thinks you need them? Is that not all right?" He smiled at her affectionately. "That's all right. Of course it is." He was silent for another minute before saying, "I thought you could use a hug as well." Ginny nodded. "I—wished I could have done that right—right after—" "I wasn't ready then, though. I was angry. Hugs weren't—right. Not yet. Did you know that I practically destroyed everything in Dumbledore's office?" "Honestly?" She stared at him. "He must really like you, Harry, to let you do that." He nodded. "Yeah. I realise that now." When they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady, Ginny looked at Harry's watch again. "Now I'm very very late. What do you think I should tell her?" "Oh, wait! There's something Hermione wanted me to tell you: she's looking for you . There. I've done it. And now you can tell her that as soon as I told you, you came back to the common room." He grinned at her and they both laughed helplessly. Harry gathered her to him. "Oh, Ginny. I do like being with you," he told her with that very intense expression in his green eyes again. "I like laughing with you, I like that you suddenly hug me when you think I need it, and—" He paused and gave her a mischievous, lopsided smile. "—I like that you said yet , and that you have naughty thoughts about hippogriffs ." Ginny snorted and hit him lightly on the chest. "Harry! If that rumour starts going round the castle I'll know it's you who's started it, not Pansy Parkinson." Harry kissed her quickly. "Don't worry, Lo—erm, Ginny," he said, reddening. "Your secret's safe with me." He'd started off with a joking tone of voice but after nearly saying that word he trailed off a bit, and he didn't seem to know what to do with his arms or legs. She swallowed painfully. 'Love'. He almost called me 'Love'. "I'll—I'll see you after Hermione and I are through," she whispered, thinking about how naturally the endearment had sprung to his lips before he'd said her name instead. Perhaps he's trying not to scare me, she thought. Or even trying not to care too much. He loved Sirius—and lost him. She thought again of the look on his face before she'd hugged him, when they'd been talking about feeling responsible for others being hurt. Ginny watched him walk away, knowing that he never wanted to feel that way again, but unconvinced that he'd be able to avoid it completely. #/#/# A few days later Romilda Vane accosted Ginny outside the Charms classroom, saying, without preamble, "Is it true that Harry has a hippogriff tattooed on his chest?" Ginny immediately burst out laughing; tears started to form in her eyes. Romilda seemed even more disgruntled than usual and Ginny decided to have a little fun. "No, Romilda, Harry does not have a hippogriff tattoo on his chest. He has a Hungarian Horntail. Like the dragon he got the egg from in the Triwizard Tournament," Ginny told her with a perfectly straight face. Romilda's eyes widened. "You don't say? Hmm." She had a dreamy expression on her face and Ginny wondered whether she was imagining Harry with a fierce dragon sprawling across his torso. This made Ginny think about what Harry really did look like with his shirt open. "Sorry, did you say something?" Ginny asked her, trying to shake this rather distracting image from her mind. "Oh, I was just saying that that is much more macho than a hippogriff. Did he do it on a dare from your brother or something?" Ginny was feeling inspired; she decided to have a little more fun. "No, not a dare. But they did both go to get tattoos at the same time." "Oh? What did Ron get?" "A Pygmy Puff. But I can't tell you where it is," she added, trying not to guffaw at the expression on Romilda's face as she walked away. When she told Harry, Ron and Hermione about this later she thought Hermione would never stop laughing. Afterward, she and Harry found a disused corridor near Gryffindor Tower and he kissed her in between chuckling about this. "So that's what the rumour's become? It's not you with a hippogriff fetish, it's me with a garish tattoo on my chest?" "A manly garish tattoo," she reminded him. "And let's not forget—Ron's the one with the Pygmy Puff," she chortled. They finally decided that it was impossible to kiss and laugh at the same time so they returned to the common room to tease Ron a little more about his nonexistent tattoo. There were times when Hermione got a strange expression on her face, rather as Romilda had done, and Ginny wondered whether she was thinking about exactly where on Ron's body such a tattoo would be. Ginny played with Arnold and met Harry's eye. They grinned at each other and she passed Arnold to him as Harry whispered, "Maybe I should give you a tattoo. I know just where I'd put it." "What are you two up to?" Ron demanded, walking over to them. "Are you talking about me again?" He looked very put-out. "No," they said together, quite truthfully, though they couldn't stop themselves from laughing as they caught each other's eyes, which made Ron stalk off, shaking his head. "A Pygmy Puff . I ask you…" Harry and Ginny's laughter continued behind him. The End #/#/# Please be a considerate reader and review! #/#/# IT'S HERE! The first FOUR episodes of my Harry Potter meta podcast: QUANTUM HARRY, THE PODCAST Search for "QUANTUM HARRY" on FB and like/follow the page! You can also subscribe to Quantum Harry in iTunes, on Stitcher and on YouTube.