gliding across bare skin. Aria fought for dominance, challenging her love to an intense battle of with through dueling tongues that lunged and parried, artful but precise strokes meant to weaken the defenses. As hard she fought, Draco fought harder, winning the battle and claiming his prize. All she could do was surrender to him, leaving him do what he wished. When the need for oxygen became too much, she eased away. Draco refused to let that faze him, transferring his devouring lips to her neck, marking every inch of her skin with his kisses and bites. "Ah…mmm. Draco." She tilted her head back to give him more access, moaning as his lips focused on her sensitive spot. "Mine." he hissed. Aria was aware that she was being carried, that they were moving, but only absentmindedly. She was too focused on Draco's lips, his hands, and the sensation he was brewing in her body. She only became fully aware of the fact when Draco laid her down on the carpet and slowly broke the lock of their lips. She took a few moments to catch her breath, feeling lightheaded and warm. Draco brushed strands of her wild hair away from her face, tucking them behind her ears. His eyes gleamed with hunger and desire. "You look so delicious laid out like that, Aria," He grabbed hold of her legs and spread them wide apart. "I could just eat you up." The signs were already there: his smirking eyes, the dark glee ringing in his voice, his ghost-like touches that brushed but not fully touched, making her pant and ache. However it wasn't until she felt a hot tongue brushing against her that realization hit, his fingers opening her folds. "Oh, Draco. Yes!" She arched her body closer to him, needing more. That was all it took for him to strike, feasting on her with a greedy mouth and an even more greedy tongue, stroking her so tenderly she was melting, thrusting into her so deeply she was screaming. Aria tried to ease her aching breasts with her hands, hips buckling wildly towards his mouth. Moans, whimpers, and breathless chants of his name tumbled from her lips, the volume heightening with each stroke and thrust that brought her closer to the edge. "Draco!" she screamed as she flew off the edge, heat coiling in her body like a tightly-wound spring before it snapped, setting off waves upon waves of pleasure that swept across her body. He released her, and she collapsed onto the ground in a boneless limp, struggling to catch her breath. "You were so delicious, love." Panting, she opened her eyes, nerves rattling her body as Draco loomed over her, hands gripping tightly onto her thighs. "I think I want more." Her eyes shut tight as he plunged into her in a swift swoop, causing a wordless scream to bellow from her lips as shockwaves exploded from her center. She wrapped her legs around his torso and held onto him tight, her nails drawing clean nails across his back. "Mine!" he declared. "You're mine, Aria." "Yours!" she whimpered. There was nothing gentle or slow about Draco's movements. Once he found his rhythm, he unleashed a series of brutal, deep thrusts that killed her, brought her back together, and killed her again in a continuing cycle. Aria struggled to keep up with his frantic pace, trying to meet desperation with urgency, creating more friction between them. His lips were everywhere: on her neck, her collarbone, her chest, her lips, sucking hard on skin until bruises appeared. Her world was filled with nothing but Draco, then nothing but heat as pressure built inside her. "Yes, yes, yes," she chanted. "O-oh…Draco." "I'm close, Aria, and I expect you to come with me." He crushed their lips together in a desperate kiss that stole whatever breath she had left in her body. He then tore his mouth away from hers and latched it onto her neck, biting down hard, breaking skin, causing blood to flow into her mouth. That was all it took for Aria to be pushed over the edge, taking off into the stars with a cry, her body breaking apart into millions of pieces, being pour to crisps by the fire that exploded from within. Draco held onto her tightly and thrust into her several more times; throwing back his head and let out a scream that sounded more animal than man. He eased down and rolled onto his back, collecting her in his arms. She kissed his chest before she laid her head down on it, sighing happily as she felt his arms wrap itself around her waist and his fingers combing through her hair. "Now?" Draco asked. "What was that about me not claiming you?" "Oh hush." She lightly swatted his arm. He didn't even bother hiding his chuckles, but he did press a soft kiss on her head and tightened his hold on her. "How are you feeling?" "Good." "And…you're happy?" Aria blinked, surprised by the question, and then smiled as the pieces began to click. As confident, if not somewhat arrogant, as Draco was, occasionally insecurity would strike and he'd need reassurance that she was here on her own free will. That she was here with him because she wanted to be. Because he made her happy. "I've never been more so." She kissed his chest and snuggled against it, her hand drifting down to her slightly plump stomach that has been housing their unborn child for the past three and a half months. "We're both are." Draco's hand sank down to her stomach, covering her hand, stroking her baby bump. With his other hand, he placed his fingers under her chin and lifted up her head. He leaned down and brought their lips together in a slow, lazy kiss that melted whatever parts of her hadn't incinerated from their fierce lovemaking. "I love you." he murmured against her lips. "I love you too." she whispered.