fast friends. Albus tugged at the older girl's sleeve and asked what a word was and Delphini tried to the best of her ability to describe it. The girl didn't know that Mr. Potter was the man responsible for the death of her family, for her being an orphan, or for the cutting of her long strawberry blonde hair to remove the burnt edges. He stared at the girl intently and wondered whether he should tell her. He'd asked her if she understood what had happened to her parents, and she had responded. "Papa started a fire again, but this time the firemen didn't arrive in time to put it out." Mr. Potter had come to learn that Rabastan had not fully adjusted to his life in hiding and had slipped into alcoholism and was prone to fits of rage, or as the girl had put it, "Papa got mad a lot". There was no solace for Mr. Potter in finding out that Rabanstan was a drunk with anger issues. His prior misdeeds and his alcoholism were neither his wife's crimes nor were they his daughter's and if anything this new information cast them as victims of Rabastan. The two children read and talked and read and talked, and Mr. Potter watched and began to ask himself, "What would I have done for a friend like that?" Would life under the stair have been more bearable if Dudley had truly been his friend from the start? Perhaps 12 Grimmauld Place was the home the girl needed. He'd have to discuss it with Ginny, but they could take the girl in and give her a home. Harry could take a step towards trying to make up for the mistake he had made. A delicate knocking came from the door and Ginny popped her head into the room. "Harry, Eustace from the office is here. I told him about the study, so he's waiting by the fire place to speak with you." Eustace McDermott was a gangly wizard in his mid forties, who, according to office gossip had started to lose his hair when he was a only few year younger than Mr. Potter. Eustace stood anxiously by the mouth of the fireplace, dusting off left over floo powder from his tweed jacket. When Mr. Potter reached out to greet him, Eustace furiously shook his hand. With a nervous smile on his face, Eustace began to speak. "I'm so sorry it took me so long, Mr. Potter, sir, but I've finally done it." "Done what?" "Why find a place for the Lestrange girl, of course." "Oh" responded Mr. Potter with a great deal of uncertainty in his voice. "Are you sure? Do they know who her father is?" "They know and they don't care." Eustace excitedly replied. "They are a pair of muggle born's who recently had their only child graduate from Hogwarts. The combination of empty nest syndrome and their desire to help someone in their time of need makes them perfect." "But do they know how to raise a child?" "I could have sworn I said that they just had a child graduate from Hogwarts?" "Well yes, you did, but I mean, do they know how to deal with a child who has faced trauma." "Does anyone really know, sir? Mr. Potter, I'm telling yeh, these folks are the best bet we've got of givin' this girl a real life. It's either them or the Ministry puts her in an orphanage." "Ginny and I could take her." Mr. Potter blurted out. "Bless your heart, sir. Honestly, bless your heart. But what happens when she find out? I mean, I think what was done was what needed to be done, but that girl will find out that it was the Ministry that done her Pa in and accidentally done her Ma in. I can't imagine what it'll mean to a girl to find out she's livin' in the house of the man that signed the order. No offence meant, sir." Eustace was right. Or at least Mr. Potter thought he was right. He didn't want him to be right, but he remembered his own rage towards Sirus when he'd thought that he betrayed his parents and he came to the conclusion that Delphi would be better off far away from the man who murdered her family. With a sigh, Mr. Potter finally spoke, "Thank you Eustace. I know this must have meant a lot of overtime for you. I'll get everything with Delphi in order and take her to her new family." "Alrighty, sir. Here's their name and address, sir. Best of luck to you, sir." And with that the gangly middle aged man stepped into the empty fire place and vanished in green fire, leaving Harry alone. ... First, Last, and Only author's notes : Okay, let's get this over with. I don't own the setting or the characters. I loved the original Harry Potter series as a kid and I liked some ideas in Cursed Child, but I disliked a great deal of the finished product. This isn't me pretending that I can do better than two real writers with a great deal of accomplishments behind their names, this is me having fun in the sandbox that J.K. Rowling created because I'm a hack who can't create my own setting and is forced to use existing settings from writers who are far better than I will ever be. Warning for anyone who just wants to read about the original trio, there presence is minimal in the story. Instead you will be suffering through lot's of OC and OOC in regards to the characters heavily featured in Cursed Child. Beispielsweise, my version of Delphini is only tangentially connected to Tom Riddle. If she's going to be the next great Dark Wizard (which I'm not saying she will be) I want her to stand on her own, I want her to be as independent of Riddle as Riddle was of Grindelwald.