been Gryffindors too. It seemed likely. He glanced at the other Gryffindors marching up the stairs with him, at the shocked and saddened faces who knew now what James Potter was being told. Though their house had been suddenly touched by tragedy, Bill was also incredibly proud to be where he was. He was determined to do his best to be a credit to Gryffindor. #/#/# James looked at Professor McGonagall. She was usually quite unapproachable-looking, but now she was sniffing and had rather shiny eyes. Professor Sprout was even worse; her nose was red and so were her eyes, and she clutched a handkerchief in her stubby fingers with dirt from the greenhouses permanently ingrained under the fingernails. He glanced at the other boy, a seventh-year from Hufflepuff whom he knew to be David Bones. David didn't appear surer than James felt. The two of them stood beside each other, waiting to find out why they'd been brought here by their heads-of-house. It was quiet in the room for what seemed a long time. Finally Professor McGonagall spoke with difficulty, after clearing her throat. "James, David—I am afraid the headmaster has received dreadful news." James glanced sideways at David Bones; this was going to be very bad, he suddenly knew. Normally McGonagall would have called them Potter and Bones. First names were not a good sign. She turned to David Bones. "David," she said, "your father was an Auror—" " Was ?" the boy said hysterically, clutching at Professor Sprout's hand. "—who was targeted by You-Know-Who and his Death Eaters," she went on with great difficulty. "He—he was caught unawares and outnumbered. James' parents tried to help, but—" she paused and caught James' eye. "They were killed. By the Death Eaters. Then You-Know-Who arrived and—and killed your father, David. Your mother was grief-stricken and tried to curse him so—so he killed her too. I am so sorry," she finished quietly. James felt like a large block of ice had taken up residence in his stomach. His parents were dead. Mum and Dad. Gone. David Bones had thrown himself on Professor Sprout, crying freely, and now she also let herself go, crying and hugging the boy who was more than a foot taller than her, while he took comfort in her motherly presence. He sometimes muttered, " No, no, it can't be... " James felt his eyes sting. He swallowed. I'm a prefect. I'm not going to cry in front of others. He looked at Professor McGonagall. "They—they were heroes, then," he said, his voice quavering. She gave him a small smile and a nod. "Of the highest order," she said stoutly. He nodded, feeling empty inside. Dead. My parents are dead. I'm an orphan. Suddenly, he heard a muffled cacophony through the heavy door; they were singing the school song. James felt hypnotized by the odd noises; he didn't know how long he stood there dumbly, paralyzed. Finally, feeling like a large doll, Professor McGonagall led him out the door and up to Gryffindor Tower. The other students had left after singing the song. The two of them didn't speak. When they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady, Professor McGonagall said, " Lacewings !" and the portrait swung open. He turned to her. "Thank you, Professor. Good night," he said stoically. He had a feeling that if he said more, he'd be blubbering as badly as David Bones. She nodded kindly at him. "If—if you ever want to talk, James—" He nodded back at her. "Thank you," he said again, his voice dull. He climbed in through the hole and closed the portrait behind him. The common room was empty; after the long train ride and devastating news, everyone had evidently decided to go to bed instead of socializing in the common room and talking about their holidays. James sat in an armchair before the fire; he didn't feel like going to his dorm. He didn't want to see his friends, to cope with their sympathy and their awkward but well-meant tactless comments, trying to prevent himself from crying in front of them the whole while. He swallowed and felt a single tear trickle down his cheek. Alone, he could cry. He heard a step on the stair and hastily tried to wipe his face. Lily Evans crossed the common room, still wearing her Hogwarts robes with her prefect badge over her Muggle skirt and blouse. Lily's heart was in her throat. Here I've been thinking of my poor mum all day, wondering about the biopsy, and feeling sorry for myself, and with no warning at all, James' parents are dead and he's an orphan. "Oh, James!" she choked; he thought she seemed like she'd already been crying. "I'm so sorry!" He stood and she threw her arms around him. Then he did it; he let go, let the loud wails and torrent of tears escape him. He could only do this with Lily, he realized. He adored Bonnie, but he always felt like he had to be strong around her, so she wouldn't stop thinking him worthy of being her boyfriend. It wasn't that he thought she was superficial; he knew it was his stupid ego preventing him, but he couldn't help it. He couldn't let Bonnie see him fall apart; it was as unthinkable as crying on Sirius or Remus or Peter. To James, Lily was the sister he'd never had, just as Sirius was the brother he'd never had. She'd already cried on him over her mother's illness during the previous two years; he'd always been there for her. Now his parents were dead and she'd been waiting for him, waiting to be the one shoulder he knew he could cry on. He held her tightly and wept, the sobs punching their way out of his stomach as he clutched at her, and she held her friend, her would-be brother, and wept out her heart with him. #/#/# Please be a responsible reader and review.