you or a name I like. Even if it's just a temporary thing, you deserve a name. Everyone deserves the respect of being called by their name right." I can't answer. I'm a dog. But I have no doubts he's referring to himself. "Sirius." The name startles me. I'm found out. "That's a good name. And it suits you." His smile is wide and almost cheerful. "I've always liked that name. And it fits." He sits cross legged in front of me. "A name is a reflection of who you are. The 'Sirius' constellation is the dog star and it's said to be the brightest star in the sky. So that means with a name like Sirius the person is bound to be the brightest person in the room." His cheeks are a light pick. He shakes it away. "And you're a dog, so it's like a play on words. It's a good name." He confirms again. I don't have time to dwell on the new information before he picks me up and brings me to the bathroom. "Please be a good boy. You really need a b. a.t. h. especially if you're going to be running around inside. I promise to make it fast." The water is run and he tests the temperature multiple times. "Okay Sirius, time for a bath." I debate running just to amuse myself. But he's acting so sincere. All he wants to do is bath me so that he doesn't have a dirty dog in the house. I suppose that wouldn't be the end. "Come here Sirius." I go to him at the use of my first name. I let him lift me into the tub and gently wash the mud from my fur. His long elegant fingers are magic. Many nasty things can be said about him, but his hands are beautiful. A groan of contentment crosses my muzzle when he scratches a particularly wonderful spot. "You're such a good boy Sirius. I can't believe an owner would abandon you. But why would you runaway. Were you mistreated?" The bath is over before I'm ready for it to be. He dries me with a fuzzy red and gold towel. Interesting to have Gryffindor colors in a Slytherin's house. After words he runs a brush through my fur a few times. Once he is finished, he lifts his arms high above his head, and sighs loudly at the popping sound. "We probably have time for a quick one before dinner." He nods to himself. A quick what. I follow him, but he seems accepting of me padding after him. In the sitting room is a small muggle television and a large well-worn sofa. He half tosses a box of tissues on the couch before sifting through dvds. Oh Merlin. Tell me he isn't planning on jacking off. I'm not okay with this. The shirt is taunt over his body. Even fully clothed, he looks naked without his large bulky robes. He looks a lot different than when we were student. He's still very lean and he has few muscles, but he's more comfortable in his movements. And no doubt his body has matured since James and I stripped him in front of half the school. I'm actually curious. But watching a man- any man jack off is not something I want to see. Especially not a slimy evil big nosed jerk of a Slytherin. But his hair isn't as oily as it normally is. And I doubt an evil person would take in a stray dog. And his nose is only slightly miss-shaped. At least he's still a Slytherin. "This one's great. You can watch to Sirius. I haven't had someone to watch these with since Lily." He pauses for a moment. He use to watch porn with Lily? He walks over. He takes out the disk and throws the case next to the tissues. I read the title. 'Love Actually' (1) "I know it's a Christmas movie, but I love these kind of movies. Shh it's our secret okay?" He giggles. Yes giggles like a girl. He pats the sofa beside him. "You can sit up here Sirius, were equals. If I can sit somewhere so can you. And you're clean now, so it's fine." I jump up immediately. The movie is pretty good. Half way through Snape is reaching for the tissues patting at his eyes. "You stupid jerk, you have a family. How could you just buy that floozy a necklace. You hurt your wife so bad. You have a family for merlin's sake." Tears are flowing freely. It's not even that sad. "You're going to be alone and you're going to regret abandoning someone who loves you. Don't be alone Damn it." He's screaming at the movie. By the end of the movie Snape's eyes are puffy. "Damn I love that movie." He scratches my head. "Did you like it Sirius." He's smiling like he expects me to answer. "I always have to watch movies alone now. Apparently I'm scary and unlikeable. Oh and don't forget, I have no friends." He rolls his eyes. "We should eat." He smiles at me freely. This is comfortable. I can see why Lily was friends with him. I can see why she would protect him so easily. He's never like this around the wizarding world. He must keep himself pretty guarded. For a moment I actually feel like I'm invading something private and personal. Love Actually is a movie set during Chirsitmas time. It is a great move with many stories that all intertwine together. I choose for Snape to watch this movie because (if you didn't already guess) Alan Rickman (Snape) is also an actor in… dun dun dun… Love Actually…. In fact (Spoilior) the same character Snape is angry at for cheating on his wife… yea… it's him… I had to… and just to make it better the character is named Harry…. Ha ha. Laugh please… I thought it'd be funny.