long before the two found themselves engaged in a hissing battle, seeing who'd come out on top even though they both sounded awful, making each other laugh with their silly faces and sounds. Draco couldn't remember having this much fun with the other kids. Then again, the other children weren't like Harry. None were quiet as him, as serious. None came close to his silliness. Draco had suspected there was something buried deep inside his closed-up silence, and he was happy that underneath the seriousness there was humor. He looked so silly, so odd in a nice kind of way, with his tongue stuck out all the way that Draco leaned in close to get a better look at him. Then closer and closer. He didn't realize how close until his tongue was touching Harry's tongue, his lips covering Harry's lips. Harry's body went still. The laughter came to an abrupt halt. Uh-oh. Fear began pricking Draco's stomach as he slowly pulled back, scared of what the other boy might do or say. The two stared at each other for what was almost forever, testing each other in a way, seeing who would make the first move, until it was finally broken by laughter. It was Harry who started it; his stilled lips quivering a bit by the corner until a smile began to grow, spreading across his face. The smile then turned to a giggle. Then another and another until the boy was a mess of giggles, falling onto his back, laughter exploding from him. Draco found himself following Harry's example, his lips quivering uncontrollably, giggles climbing up his throat, until finally they were set off in a loud burst of laughter. "I think we did the serpent salute." Harry giggled, his words setting their already-loud round of laughter to a higher volume. "Silly git." Draco managed to say in between giggles. Harry laughed harder, which made him laugh twice as hard. It wasn't until a little while later that the two were finally able to control themselves and catch their breath. "You're so weird." Draco declared. "So are you." Harry argued, reminding him with a pointed look which one started the 'salute' Draco opened his mouth to protest, then paused, thinking it over. The boy did have a point. "Fine. We're both weird." "And silly gits." "That, too, but you are first," Harry giggled. "Git." A hint of wickedness touched his smile, revealing another layer beneath the shy exterior. A mischievous one that intrigued Draco as much as the silly side had. "Prat." he hissed. "Git." Draco repeated in a hiss, flicking his tongue. The boys fell into another mess of giggles. It took even longer for them to catch their breath. Each time one would try to control to control himself, all it would took was a glance into the other's face for him to lost it all over again, laughing twice as hard. Ten minutes later, tummies aching from so much laughter, the boys lay on the floor. Draco took in a deep breath and let it out in a sigh. He looked over at Harry. His eyes were closed, his face was flushed, and a tired smile turned his lips. He liked this strange, quiet boy. He liked him a lot. He liked his wild, black hair that reminded him of a lion's mane. His unusual eyes that were the deepest, brightest shade of green he had ever seen. His smile, his laughter, his quiet presence and his silliness. He liked everything about him. My Harry . Draco smiled. He liked the sound of that. His Harry. His boy. Turning onto his side, he announced "You're my new best friend." Harry tensed, his body completely still. He peered down up at Draco, surprise shining in his eyes along with fear. That was not the reaction Draco had been expecting. He shouldn't be frightened. Draco's smile dimmed to a frown. "What is it? What's wrong?" Harry looked up, then away. The action caused Draco to move closer to him. "Tell me. What is it?" Biting his lip, he confessed in a mumble "I never had a best friend before. Or an actual friend." The confession stunned Draco. "Why not?" He shrugged. He rested his head on his hands as he rolled onto his side, facing Draco. "The kids at school don't like me. They think I'm a freak." A freak? The word stirred hot, flashing rage inside Draco that was bubbling like a potion ready to explode. The insult stung as if it were aimed at him. "A freak?" he repeated. Harry nodded. "Why would they possibly think that?" "My cousin Dudley. He doesn't like me. He told everyone at school that I'm a freak. They all believed him. Some stay away from me. Others help him tease me." Draco was suddenly hit with a great urge to find this Dudley and his band of buffoons and slice them all into pieces like he had seen Uncle Severus done with a few rats he needed for his potions. "Muggles?" Harry frowned in confusion. "People who aren't like us. Who can't do magic." He nodded. Of course. "They're idiots." That got a smile out of his boy. "I never had a best friend before either. I didn't like any of the other kids. They're not as fun as you." His smile widened. "Besides you should consider it a privilege," Draco told him. "I don't make friends with just anybody." His words did just as he hoped-they made him laugh. "You're so silly." Harry said between giggles. "No, no, no dear Harry. I think we already agreed that you were it first." "Prat." "Git." They burst into giggles once again. This would be start of a beautiful friendship. Hopefully this chapter was the start of a good story. The best way to assure me is to review. Please :) I wanna know what you guys think. How do you like the first chapter of the extension so far?