knackered from working all day," Katie told him, kissing him on the forehead. "I'm going to drive Harry home. Shouldn't be long." "Are you sure?" Katie rolled her eyes at her matchmaking father. "Quite." "Uh—goodnight, Sam," Harry said awkwardly, unprepared for how uncomfortable he felt about taking his friend's daughter on a date. When they were in the corridor, Katie slumped against the door. "Sorry about that, Harry. He's just—" "A father whose daughter is on a date with Harry Potter. I know, I know," he answered, smiling. She grinned. "You'd think by now he'd realize you're a regular person," she said, shaking her head. He was very tired, but he couldn't help thinking how pretty she was as her gleaming hair swung around her face, and he suddenly touched her lips with his. She was caught unawares, but after a moment she relaxed and let her mouth drop open a little, running her hands up to clasp his neck. Harry was pleasantly surprised as the kiss deepened, and he found himself reminded of something—kissing Hermione by her car in Godric's Hollow. That had been a nice kiss, like this one. Something about being with Katie felt familiar, safe. And yet, something was also very wrong… He separated from her, pressing his lips to her forehead. "I'm sorry, Katie. I reckon I thought—" "You thought you could make yourself forget the other girl?" He nodded, ashamed. "It's all right, Harry. Do you mind—do you mind if I ask you if it's Ginny Weasley?" His jaw dropped. "How'd you know?" She laughed. "You said it isn't Hermione, so I thought about other girls in Gryffindor—since that seemed most obvious—and Ginny's the only logical choice. I don't know why I didn't see it before." Harry was the one to lean against the door now. "Yeah, well, she's with Malfoy. I mean—Draco. There's no hope for me." Katie frowned. "No hope at all? She's said so?" "As good as. She wants to be with him. I have to get over her. It's just—" "I know." "— really difficult—" They were both silent for a minute. Finally, Katie laced her fingers through his and said quietly, "Let's go." They didn't speak in the car. Harry stared out at the night, the houses and other buildings passing by. When they'd reached Little Whinging and were going by the park, Harry saw the large white marquee, appearing dark and empty. The second show of the evening must be over, he thought. Something else occurred to him. "Katie," he said suddenly, "do you have your wand with you?" "In my handbag. Why?" "Can you drive back to the park? There's something I want to find out about." She used a private drive to turn the car around and soon they were back at the park. They climbed out of the car and Harry started walking purposefully across the grass. Katie followed him. He stopped outside the cloth building. "What's all this about, Harry?" "Can I—can I use your wand? Please? It's not bad, honestly. And I'll be seventeen in a few weeks. I just need to know—something." She frowned, taking her wand from her purse and handing it to him. The entrance to the marquee was zipped shut; he opened it carefully, wincing at the noise the plastic zipper made as it moved. He stepped into the tent and she started to follow, but he said, "You'd better stay out there, keep watch, say something if someone comes along, yeah?" "I thought you said you weren't doing anything bad!" she hissed. "I'm not. I'm finding out whether anyone else is doing something bad." " That isn't the least bit dangerous," she answered sarcastically. "I'm starting to feel like I might as well be hanging out with the twins." But she stood outside the marquee, looking about nervously, while Harry entered the huge space with its army of folding chairs divided neatly by an aisle. He had been reading about this for a couple of evenings, using books he'd borrowed from Mrs. Figg, and he felt ready to try it. The worst that could happen was it not working. Of course, it would be hard to tell apart from there simply being no hidden information to reveal, so he wasn't sure what he'd do if it merely seemed that it hadn't worked. Harry took a deep breath and closed his eyes, thinking about the way he felt when he was young and would do magical things accidentally, the tingling he felt all over his scalp. He opened his eyes and brandished the wand, continuing to focus on this memory, saying, " Revelatio! " The spell worked instantly. Harry gasped. The previously-dark tent was suddenly aglow with ghostly pink figures. They were people, hundreds of different , distinct human beings. Harry turned to the left and to the right. Everywhere, the tent vibrated and pulsed with the beautiful, shimmering and unmistakable afterglow of— magic . #/#/# Please be a considerate reader and review. #/#/# IT'S HERE! The first FOUR episodes of my Harry Potter meta podcast: QUANTUM HARRY, THE PODCAST Search for "QUANTUM HARRY" on FB and like/follow the page, or subscribe on iTunes, Stitcher or on YouTube. #/#/# Are you wondering about the prophecy, how Peter was chosen as the Secret Keeper and other pieces of the backstory? Check out the prequel (on this site!): The Lost Generation (1975-1982) MWPP prequel to the Psychic Serpent Trilogy , also featuring Lily Evans, Severus Snape, the Weasley family, the Malfoys, and MORE! #/#/# Note: The quote at the beginning of the chapter is from page 173 of House , by Tracy Kidder (Houghton Mifflin Company, Boston, 1985). Kidder is also the author of The Soul of a New Machine and Among Schoolchildren . House is a wonderful non-fiction account of a house being built in New England in the early nineteen-eighties, from start to finish. It's a lovely book and I highly recommend it, as well as Kidder's other works.