you helping me?" His eyes scanned her face as if she could find the answer there. She didn't realize till then how clear his eyes were. "I don't know." He didn't say another word the whole walk back to her room, though she noticed the tension stiffening his body when he saw the marks marred onto her skin. Sixth year with only a handful of weeks left of the semester, Draco decided right then and there that cruel was completely, utterly cruel to him. It had always been mean, always nasty, but this time he had the full taste of its cruelty. He pulled his eyes away from the empty sink and looked up. He almost didn't recognize the corpse-pale, terrified boy that stared back at him. The same one who had a mission to fulfill or lose his life in the process. The same one who watched his once powerful father, a man he believed was untouchable, sink to his knees and groveled for mercy at the hands of the Dark Lord. The same one who had a crazed aunt that was delighted in telling him the entire summer the ways she'd make his mother bleed and scream for hours if he failed. The same one who had his life hanging by a thread, on the whim of a madman who could easily kill him if he wished, successful mission or not. He gripped the sink as if it were his lifeline. The mission was simple: kill Albus Dumbledore. It should have been easy. The headmaster was a fool, an old sentimental fool who only had time for his few favorites while he left the school and the rest of the students exposed for potential threats to easily waltz right into. Draco clearly didn't have any care for him, much less lost love or respect. But it was one thing to wish a person gone and another to be the one to actually do it. Which was why he tried to make his attacks indirect, so his hands wouldn't be stained red. With poison, with the necklace, anything he could think of that would get the job done and keep his hands clean. Yet each attempt to bring Dumbledore down had been compromised, derailed, and ruined. And the latest attempt was a complete failure. And if the Dark Lord heard a word about it… Tears poured down, burning his cheeks like acid. He bit his bottom lip so hard, blood nearly gushed out, as images popped into his head. Of Father down on his knees, begging for mercy, and the Dark Lord smirking down at his pathetic form before presenting to his snake her latest snack. His mother, strong and beautiful Mother, defiled and violated by the monster before she was handed over to his devoted followers as a chew toy. Of being forced to watch it all unfold, and then being killed himself. A sob ripped through his throat, followed by another and another until- A pair of arms was wrapped around his shoulders. Bewildered, he looked over his shoulder to see Potter behind him, her arms clasped around his shoulders like a trap. That was how he realized that fate truly hated him. Having Potter herself witness his complete humiliation, his breakdown. Stupid, bloody Potter who was always the cause of his problems. He fought against her, trying to break free. He fought, he snarled, he tried to reach for his wand. The sounds that came out of his mouth weren't the cultured tongue of a pureblood heir, but of a wild, savage animal fighting tooth and nail. But Potter was as stubborn as ever, holding onto him tight, refusing to let go. Draco resisted, fighting all the way, until the energy completely left his body, until his throat throbbed from the frustrated screams and curses and sobs he had been trying to keep locked for the past year, until he was a mess of hot tears. They sank to the ground, his head buried against her shoulder, and Potter's hold steady as a life raft, still holding on. Hours later, his body boneless, his eyes puffy and raw, she offered him her hand. "Call it a another option to consider." He stared into her eyes, glanced down at her hand, and took it without a second thought. "Call it a pursuing a shared interest," Draco said, volunteering to help Potter and her friends find the horocruxes. "Call it a nerve reaction," Aria commented on the way her body broke into shivers as Malfoy zipped her up into the white and gray dress she chose to wear for Bill and Fleur's wedding, his hands lightly brushing against her bare back before he pulled up the zipper. "Call it a way to let out steam," Draco grinned, catching up with her after her horrible fight with Ron, challenging her to a duel to take their mind off things. "Call it me finally finding a way to shut you up!" Aria said after she kissed him in heat of the moment, noticing how close they were to each other as they were trading insults back and forth. Only for Draco to yank her back into another one, a longer, deeper kiss. "Call it-call it…" Draco struggled and failed to find the words to describe the feelings slamming inside of him as he entered into her for the first time. He tried to say it what words couldn't through his lovemaking, with each slow, deep thrust. "Call it…call it…" She tried to smile, her lips quivering, eyes burning with tears, as Draco crashed her body into a tree and crashed his lips onto hers before she went out to face Voldemort. Each kiss a desperate plea to stay. "Love." Draco said, joining her by the bridge after the war, reaching out for her hand. "Love?" He nodded. She glanced at their joint hands; fingers laced through each other's, and then looked up at him. "Love." she agreed with a smile.