never told me? Why?" "I told Ron. He said he'd look into it. I assumed you knew. . ." "No, I mean, this whole society business — I could've helped —" "You are an Auror, Harry! I didn't want to put you in a difficult position. You wouldn't understand anyway. . . You never did — just like SPEW . . ." Harry snorted, "So you created SPERM - glad to see your naming skills have not deteriorated. . ." "It's not sperm — it's S—P—E—R—M. Like I said, you'd never understand. . ." "Granger! We don't have much time," hissed Creevey. "Right — look, Harry — just give us the Hallows. We'll destroy them right here if you want. You wanted them gone anyway, didn't you?" Harry sighed — there was something fishy about the whole business, even if couldn't point his finger to it. He wanted the Hallows gone — at least the Wand and the Stone — but he couldn't risk handing them over. They could easily shoot him and run away. "How about I take them to the Ministry? You have my word that I'll personally toss them through the Veil as soon as I can," offered Harry. "Not good enough," spat Dennis, "We want them now!" "Alright, what is your problem with me, Dennis?" asked Harry as he turned to face his former school-mate. He didn't need his meagre Legilimency skills to figure out that the animosity was directed towards him. "You want to know what my problem is?" Dennis ground out. "I'll tell you. My brother followed you to his death — like so many other Muggle-borns. And what did we get in return? What did we even fight for? Ten years have gone by, and our situation is barely better than it was back in 1994. . . Heck, they haven't even repealed some of the laws they passed during Voldemort's regime. We are still third class citizens in the eyes of the Ministry," he ranted. "And to top it all, what was the maximum sentence for the Death Eaters that were arrested? They are all free now — and guess what they did when they came out? Hint — they started a certain Order," spat Dennis. Harry knew it all too well. Without the hardliners like Barry Crouch running the show, the old geezers of Wizengamot had managed to get their way. Except for the ones who had already been awarded life sentences back in the 80s, the longest a Death Eater had been sentenced to was seven years in Azkaban — which was no longer the hell-hole it used to be — not after the banishment of the Dementors. "And how is any of that my fault? Do you think I wanted them to get away?" Harry spat back. Dennis looked at him incredulously, "You don't even get it, do you? You could have had all the fucking political power at your disposal — some said more than even Dumbledore ever did. But no — Saint Potter is too fucking good for dirty politics — he just wants to be a humble Auror. . . We followed you through hell and back — and you abandoned us at the first opportunity you got —" "That is bullshit and you know it!" snarled Harry. He was getting angry now. How dare anyone insinuate that he hadn't done everything within his power to help people? "No Potter, you are full of bullshit. The Malfoys were convicted, weren't they? All it took was a word from you and they walked away scot free. Incidentally, did you know that it was Malfoy who killed my brother? Cursed him in the back, he did!" "I didn't," replied Harry, looking horrified as he remembered Neville and Wood carrying Colin's broken body. Dennis scoffed, "Of course you didn't. You wanted to know what's my problem with you? You were willing to help the bastards out, but you won't help those of us who worshipped the ground you walked on —" "Stop it, Dennis," interrupted Hermione. "You know Harry has done everything he could —" "Has he?" snarled Dennis. "Why didn't he take the effing Wizengamot seat they threw at him, then? He could have turned the tides in our favour. But none of it matters now — give me the Hallows or I pull the trigger, Potter. One way or the other, we are not leaving without them." "Enough, Dennis," commanded Hermione. "You are clearly not thinking straight. I'm sure Harry will hand the over and we'll destroy them right here —" "We're not destroying anything, Granger! Either Potter hands over the Hallows and allows us to Memory Charm him, or we shoot —" "We discussed this — it's too dangerous —" "No we didn't. As usual, you spoke and we — Potter — no —" BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! "No — Harry —" Harry, who had been trying to take advantage of the distraction to surreptitiously put on the Invisibility Cloak, doubled over. Three out of the four bullets had lodged into his body — two of them in his chest and the third on in the lower part of his abdomen. The last thing he noticed before he blacked out was a furious Hermione stunning Dennis. "Peaceful Organisation, indeed!" were the last words he croaked out before he knew no more. Author's Notes This is the original prologue I wrote for The Butterfly Effect. But then I decided it doesn't work very well with that one and can be used for a different kind of story. This is a story where Harry decides not be the hero for once — but will he be allowed to do as he wants? Finally, this is as much a story as it is a challenge. PM me if you are interested in taking it and I'll send you the details. Thanks for reading. Let me know what you think. As always, constructive criticism is welcome. Published: June 10, 2017