floor was one part family photo album and one part antique shop. On the left side, medieval crests, framed clippings, and group photos were scattered among mahogany cabinets and shelves. On the right side of the surprisingly-large space, an eclectic mix of historical objects hung from the red pinstripe walls. Antique telephone booths, beanbags, and Lazy-boys formed a bizarre seating area in the far corner, where a rubber duck was inexplicably displayed on a pedestal below a hanging rubber chicken. Instead of the rich mahogany of the shelves on the left, the shelves on the right were made of various industrial metals and materials, and one shelf even looked to be composed entirely of bottle caps. Immediately upon exiting the stair landing, another floating sign appeared. It read 'Blood Matters' above an arrow pointing left and 'No-Maj Relations' above an arrow pointing right. No-maj… Lex remembered Wyomi using the word to describe a cellphone, but Lex had assumed 'no-maj' was just some bizarre Chinese off-brand. Clearly she was mistaken. Thus, her interest piqued, Lex proceeded towards the shelves on the right, her postcard mission temporarily forgotten. After perusing a bookshelf made from bent Texas license plates, Lex selected her first book, When Muggles Attack by Barrett Fay. Flipping quickly through the pages, she spotted a technical blueprint of a toaster below the chapter title, ' Dangerous Muggle Weaponry ,' a flying motorcycle below another heading of 'Cultural Take-over,' and, finally, an incredible image of a farmer with a pitchfork leading a team of hogs into battle. Laughing at the absurdity of it all, Lex snapped the book shut and returned it to the shelf. She wished there was a sign somewhere to indicate that this shelf was for satire. See, despite the outrageous decor, she had been under the funny impression that these books were non-fiction… Moving to another row, Lex discovered a bookshelf made of welded bathroom appliances. These book titles included names she actually recognized. Books such as Abraham Lincoln and 42 Other Famous No-Maj gave every indication of historical non-fiction, yet, when she scanned the contents, they documented some of the most ludicrous stories she had ever heard. A book dedicated solely to Abraham Lincoln was well-written in the conversational prose of a third-person narrative, but it soon devolved into mentions of altercations with blood-thirsty vampires. Clearly, a 'Historical Fiction' sign was needed immediately. Lex suppressed the urge to pull a pen and paper from her purse and post her own emergency filing system, deciding instead to give up on the bookshelf completely. She smirked and turned one of the knobs on a sink faucet that protruded dangerously from the 'Historical Fiction' bookshelf, before finally proceeding onward to the last row of shelves. Lex was beginning to tire, feeling the exhaustion of a day spent almost exclusively on her feet. Fortunately, the last row bordered the cloister of beanbag chairs she'd noticed earlier. Glancing at a particularly-inviting cowhide beanbag, Lex drew a red, leather-bound hardback from the second shelf and lowered herself into the nearest Lazy-boy chair. Her body immediately thanked her, her legs going limp against the footrest as she sunk even deeper into the upholstery of the vintage recliner. Sighing with satisfaction, Lex thought peacefully at the book she held, Guess it's just you and me for a little bit. Flipping the book over in her hands, she admired the golden trim on the red, leather cover. Three simplified human faces were depicted in gold in a column down the center. One face covered its eyes, another its ears, and the third its mouth, as if to represent the old adage "See no evil, hear no evil, and speak no evil." Intrigued, Lex opened to the title page: The Philosophy of the Mundane: Why the Muggles Prefer Not to Know by Professor Mordicus Egg Grinning widely, yet not unsympathetically, at the man's unfortunate name, she carefully studied the author's foreword, which read more like an author's disclaimer. The Muggle or Non-Magical (No-Maj), as he is known in the Americas, is a largely misunderstood creature. Herein, this novel aims to clarify some of the common misconceptions and frequently unjust negative stereotypes surrounding the Muggle condition. Throughout this novel, I further aim to be as objective as possible in my discourse, whilst presenting you merely with the facts. This book is neither a statement on my personal views regarding issues of pure-blood supremacy, magical supremacy, nor … Lex's head snapped up, and, for once, she didn't even wince. Muggle. Non-magical. Whilst. At 5:19 PM on October 22nd, 2016, three things occurred to Alexandra Austin in rapid succession and ascending order of significance. Firstly, the author was clearly foreign and most likely British. This, of course, was of little consequence, but Alexandra's mind noted it first nonetheless. Secondly, 'muggle' was synonymous with 'no-maj,' which was synonymous with 'non-magical.' Thirdly, and of explosive importance, if there were non-magicals… then the people who wrote these books… Wyomi and the 'Van Helsings'… green-haired Colonel Sanders downstairs and his creepy kid voice… they must be magicals. Or, at least they think they're magicals . The book dropped from her hands and slid obnoxiously to her feet. Lex didn't even notice. Her eyes wide and her jaw slack, she stared out towards the balcony, which overlooked the impossible fountain resting just below. As she stared, unblinking, at one of the stained-glass windows, a cheeky merman flexed his tail muscles, pointed his trident in her direction, and wiggled his eyebrows suggestively. The resulting flash of understanding, which crossed Alexandra Austin's highly-analytic mind at that moment encompassed the implementation of more datapoint comparisons, memory retrievals, heuristic models, and existential angst than should ever be inflicted upon or asked of a human brain. Naturally, the most logical response to her conundrum bubbled to the surface of her mind in the form of the expressive language that usually accompanies words similar to a word that sounds similar to, but not quite exactly like 'rubber duck'… "Holy f-"