could be a lord?" They chorused again, before laughing. "Mum would hate that!" Fred grinned. George nodded. "Can you see Ron's face? He wouldn't know whether to be horrified or jealous." "If Bill doesn't want to accept it, Charlie would be next in line." Harry explained. "If all three of your older brothers turn it down, one of you could be the lord." They grimaced. "Yuck!" "No offence, Harry." George added quickly. "But that is definitely not our idea of good time." Fred finished. Harry laughed. "You should ask your brother why he hasn't accepted it." "He probably doesn't even know about it." Fred commented. "No way would Mum have told him." George agreed. "She hates all things traditional." "She's nice enough to me." Harry pointed out. "That's because she thinks she can convert you." George laughed. Fred nodded. "Well, that, and you're the boy-who-lived." 1-1-1 "Harry?" Harry looked up from his breakfast plate to see Sirius looking at him. "Yes?" "Have you considered what you want to do for your birthday?" Sirius asked. "It's in eight days." "I was thinking about holding a dinner party." Harry answered. "Nothing too fancy, just some food and games. If I hold it here then Madame Longbottom should let Neville come." "Who did you want to invite?" Remus asked. "Draco and Luna, obviously." Harry started. "Neville, Theo, Blaise, and Daphne. I would invite Takashi, but he's staying with his grandparents in Japan again, and I was thinking that maybe I would invite the Weasley twins this year – I had a really good chat with the twins yesterday. The problem is dinner parties ought to have an equal number of boys and girls, but there is no way I'm inviting Pansy or Tracey and I don't know who else I would invite." "Why don't you invite people to bring their betrothed?" Sirius suggested. "I presume most of them have contracts?" "Yes," Harry nodded. "Daphne doesn't, the boy she was betrothed to died, and neither do Neville and Luna. But that's alright because between the four of us we'll cancel each other out. Everyone else is betrothed though. Well, except for the twins." "You'll want to send out the invitations today." Sirius told him. "Let me know what you want and Remus and I will make it happen." "And I wouldn't invite the twins." Remus put in. "I doubt Molly would agree to them coming without their younger siblings." Harry grimaced. "Good point. I'll invite them to Quidditch game soon or something. 1-1-1 "Harry?" Sirius asked three days later. Harry hastily swallowed his mouthful of eggs. "Yes?" "I need to see you in my study after breakfast." Sirius told him. Harry looked towards the pile of opened letters to the side of Sirius' plate. "Is everything alright?" "Of course." Sirius smiled reassuringly. "I've received some correspondence that I would like to discuss with you." Remus snorted from his seat opposite Harry. "Correspondence? Lucius is rubbing off on you, Sirius. Why not just call them letters like the rest of us." Harry grinned in amusement as Sirius pulled a face. "Did you hear something from Lord Malfoy about the Chief Warlock issue?" "Lucius and I are having brunch this morning to discuss it." Sirius told him. "This is about something else." Harry nodded in understanding before turning his attention back to his breakfast. What could Sirius want to talk to him about? After they had both finished, Harry followed Sirius to his study and, following his godfather's prompting, sat in one of the large dragon skin chairs. "Do you remember how, at breakfast a few mornings ago, we discussed your friends' betrothal contracts?" Sirius started. Harry gave his godfather a strange look. "I remember us mentioning that most of them had one. Why?" "I received a letter this morning asking if I would be interested in discussing a contract between yourself and Daphne Greengrass." Sirius told him. Harry stared at him. "What?" Sirius looked sympathetic. "It's not an unreasonable request. There are very few traditional children around your age who aren't already betrothed." "I'm almost fourteen." Harry grumbled. "I'm not a child." Sirius looked amused. "Sorry, you're right. There are very few traditional almost fourteen year olds who aren't already betrothed." Harry leaned forward in his chair. "So Daphne's asking that we become betrothed?" "Daphne's father is asking." Sirius corrected. "I don't know if Daphne is even aware of her father's request." "Oh." "You don't have to be betrothed." Sirius said quickly. "Your father definitely wasn't. If you get betrothed now you won't be able to change your mind in the future." "But if I don't get betrothed now, every traditional girl might be unavailable by the time I want to get married." Harry said. "Unlikely." Sirius grinned. "I can't see anyone agreeing to marry Pansy anytime soon." Harry laughed. "That's horrible. Besides, I wouldn't marry her if she was the only girl on earth." Sirius' expression sobered. "Harry, you shouldn't agree to a betrothal because you're scared that you might not have a chance in the future." "But it is a factor, isn't it?" Harry countered. "If I want to marry Daphne, this might be my only chance." Sirius' eyes narrowed slightly. "Do you want to marry Daphne?" "I don't know." Harry sighed. "Maybe? I can't imagine marrying anyone, but Daphne's great. She's pretty and clever and funny and Cousin Narcissa would like her." "You don't have to decide now." Sirius told him. "I don't need to reply to Samuel for at least another few days." Harry couldn't help but feel relief at that. "Would you mind if I talked to Cousin Narcissa about it?" "Not at all." Sirius sounded a bit relieved himself. "Good idea. She would be a great person to talk to. You could talk to Andromeda about it as well, if you like? She had a different experience with betrothal contracts than Narcissa." Harry nodded. "I will, thank you." "No worries." Sirius grinned. "I'm just glad it's not me." 1-1-1