before throwing them behind bars, what's going on son?" he asked and I sighed as I said it. "So you, Kingsley, dad, Sirius and Tonks are wizard versions of the cops, and you Severus are mom's best friend and with you was Uncle Dan. Alright with that fact in mind, you have to hear the truth now of what the heck's been going on when I'm not around you. The Ministry of magic is the magical version of the our government, and that makes Madam Bones what exactly here?" I asked him gently and he smiled gently. "She's the wizard version of the commissioner son." he told me and I smiled at that, I just found my escape and revenge on the Dursleys then by them telling me the truth now. "So I'm just a junior version of you Professor, you, Sirius and dad. And I picked my career when the chamber was open, being a detective or in this case an auror. And while Mione was doing the clue breaking, Ron and me we're doing your job of investigating it." "And you're my future mentor now Sir, in fact you just gave me the perfect revenge against the Dursleys now regarding this, because though you're a dark wizard catcher, you better activate the added piece to this, because they're criminals." I told him and he and the duo leaned forward at that gently. "Why son, what's going on?" Moody asked and I sighed. As I said it, knowing they were going to be furious at this. "The muggle world created books focused on me, but the first two chapters of the first three books show what happening behind closed doors. Aside from book one that had three in it. You're hearing the exact truth in that book. But I can modify the books and you and Madam Bomes can get the entire truth this way, that the guys were not lying just to get away with using your car at the time dad, but here's the real truth. "I found the checks you were sending them and they've been holding back on them, starving me and abusing me in the way Malfoy was doing with Dobby. Before and after you came into my life, but this is what the guys meant when I was looking like I lost ten pounds and when I was staying with you dad, mum. They decided to take matters into their own hands and came to bring me to your house dad that summer." "They saw everything that the Dursleys were trying to keep hidden from you and were trying to tell you that when I was staying with you that summer. But had you and the auror squad actually come to investigate why you never from me that summer you'd see this in the way they would. Guys together." I said and Ron and the twins nodded as we did the spell together to show them my summer of second year. "Wait before you do that, I want to see what Dobby did to cause this in the first place, if Fudge brought that up in the trial." Dumbledore said and I nodded. "Visions of the future, visions of the past, bring forth what once was last. Show protection by friend, future bonds created in times of strife of thee, bring it forth, so mote it be." I said and it showed our conversation, before I chased him into hall. Before he did an unspoken levitation charm and as I was trying to catch it the charm broke and it landed on Mrs. Mason and he nodded. "Okay so that's one, what's the reason he lost his mind a second time exactly if he was trying to escape me when I was sending you the letters and whatever else he tried. Because even if he had tried this, I'd just break you out and bring you home anyway." Minerva said and I nodded to that. "Malfalda Hopkirk sent the owl right after it landed on top of her. Their fear of my powers was my only weapon against them but she blew that protection, he lost his mind and decided I wasn't going back at all. Everything that Ron and the twins told you was true mum." I said and she leaned forward at that. "Alright to confirm that show it to me, I want to see where you slept before we got you out of your room to." "So if we scared them enough to switch living arrangements, in your case, before we revealed things regarding Sirius to them. Than we need everything to have them thrown in jail." she said and I nodded to her. "Visions of the future, visions of the past, bring forth what once was last. Show thy truth of life before found by family, living arrangements of the past given by thee, bring it forth, so mote it be." I chanted the incantation and that did it as we ended up in that memory. And watching they saw that to as the memory ended and they nodded. "Alright here's the last piece of that summer before second year started." I said and the trio joined in with me Visions of the future, visions of the past, bring forth what once was last. Brought home by family, in need of rescue by blood and thy be, bring it forth so mote it be." We said together and they watched as the memory played itself out then. After it ended, they all nodded to that. "Well there's no getting out of this Dursley, you're screwed here." Ron said with a satisfied growl at this. "If I'm starting my training in how to destroy Voldemort I need as much information as possible now regarding this and with it, how serious was it when Hagrid got arrested at the time Professor, if by the time you started at school it got worse?" I asked and Minerva sighed as she answered that.