Privet Drive and didn't even bother knocking at the door of number 4, instead opting walk straight in. Once inside, he was greeted by his uncle's purple face. "Where were you, Freak. Petunia had to cook the meal. From that you aren't getting any food for a week. And where did you get those clothes?!" His uncle bellowed. Behind him Petunia and Dudley ere smirking, clearly thinking that Vernon was going to beat him up. Vernon raised his arm, preparing to punch him, but Harry wasn't having any of that. A silent click echoed around the other vice silent hall as Vernon found himself staring at the barrel of black Magnum Research Manufactured Dessert Eagle .50 Action Express with an extended barrel. He stumbled backward and fell onto his ass, revealing his weapon to Petunia and Dudley. Their eyes widened as they realized that their authority over Harry was disappearing very fast. Harry then calmly spoke. "This is a Dessert Eagle .50, which is enchanted with a bigger clip and backs enough punch to blow someone's head into smithereens. In the barrel there is illegal exploding round that explodes with an equal power that of an M21 hand grenade. So, from this point on what I say, goes. Do you understand?" Harry asked while casually waving his handgun around. When the Dursleys didn't answer, he lost the little patience that he had left. "I ASKED: DO YOU UNDRESTAND?" Harry shouted, all the while leaking killing intent like a broken pipe. The Dursleys were now franticly nodding their heads as they scrambled backwards. Harry simply gave them a disgusted glance and walked into the upstairs. Once there, he clamped his killing down. In the garden, under the invisibility cloak, one Nymphadora Tonks released a shaky breath, all the while shaking and sweating uncontrollably. "Dumbledore needs to be informed about this." She thought as she apparated away with a crack. She reappeared into the dingy front of Grimmauld Place. And because she knew the secret, she saw something that mundane people didn't see. Between numbers 11 and 13, there weren't supposed to be a building. But in front of her eyes, there was a building which bore the number 12 in it's door. She shakily walked towards the door and tapped it with her wand. There could be heard clattering of chains, when the door unlocked itself. As she stepped inside and closed the door behind her, the quiet hiss of old fashioned gas lamps lighting up was heard and the hallway was engulfed in pale blue light. She, for once, didn't trip onto the troll leg shaped umbrella holder as she made her way down the hallway and into the kitchen door. She softly knocked the door and when it opened, he was greeted by the plump face of one Molly Weasley. "Tonks, dear why did you left your guard post. Has something happened to Harry?" She asked, not noticing how pale she was. She made her way into the table, making Snape pause his debrief of the Voldemort's movements. Dumbledore turned his twinkling eyes into Tonks. "Why have you come here tonight Tonks? Has something happened to Harry?" He asked, concern filling his voice. In the background Snape snorted and Sirius gave him an evil eye. "No, nothing has happened, but I felt that it would be prudent to inform you about the recent development." "What has the brat done this time, fell down and received a scratch and is now in need of healing and blood replenishing potions?" Snape commented with sarcastic tone. "Snivelus, shut your mouth before I shut it for you." Sirius hollered at Snape, causing his eyes flash dangerously. Before they could draw their wands, Tonks continued her repot, and unknowingly prevented a bloodshed. "Professor Dumbledore, have you teached Harry how to use killing intent?" She asked, causing an uproar within the room. Dumbledore looked solemn, but inside he was seething. "How can that stupid brat knows how to generate killing intent, I made sure that the brat wasn't strong enough to do that. Well, no matter, this is just a minor bump in my plans, but it seems that I need install stricter moral code into that brat and he will be back in my beck and call in no-time. After all, I'm Albus Dumbledore, the greatest light wizard ever lived and soon the only Light Lord that has defeated two different Dark Lord's." Loud he however said a completely different thing. "No I didn't teach him how to use a such dark power." He said, while a hint of a frown made its way on his lips. "Can you describe how this killing intent felt." He asked. Before Tonks could answer, she was cut off by Snape. "Probably it felt like temper tantrum because his steak wasn't thick enough." He stated coldly. "No, it felt like a mountain had just been lowered into your shoulders. The feeling of rage and death was completely oppressive, and I wasn't able to move or breath. It felt like he was about to murder everyone in his immediate vicinity cold bloodily." She whispered, causing eyes to widen and mouths to open. "Just what that brat thinks that he is doing. Moving so far from his designated position." Dumbledore raged, while completing about how to get his pawn back under control. What he didn't realize that the pawn hadn't just moved into a wrong position in the chessboard that was the war between him and Voldemort. No, the pawn had just jumped out of the board, grabbed a nuclear missile and started bombarding both sides. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Hello everyone, Basset12 here with a new story. Also sorry about that Harry Potter, the vampire rewrite. I suddenly lost all inspiration to write it and it was eventually transformed into this. Please leave comment's what is good and what is bad and how to . I also hope that you enjoyed the fight scene. And as always, Read and Review! Basset12 OUT!