a scene in here. You're going home. And I'd advise that next time, you don't have so much to drink." In front of them, Harry could see Emil flagging down a cab. He then waved to them. Angrily, refusing to go down without a fight, she said to Harry, "Who do you think you are? You can't push me around! It's the 90s! What a fool I was to fall for you." Ignoring her, Harry turned to Emil. "Hey, I think you better go with her. Just make sure she doesn't do anything stupid. Oh, and you better let her know that it's 2003." A smile broke out on the bartender's face. "Yes boss!" "But you had better come back," Harry said with a warning look in his eyes. "Yes boss," Emil said as his face fell. Strolling away from them, Harry glanced at the small airport not too far from his bar. The gleaming lights of the tower flashed every few seconds. He sighed as he turned away, moving towards the terrace seating he had only recently added. Bonifacio's Chief of Police sat leaning against the back of his chair, trying to catch a glimpse of the inside entertainment. "Hello, Harry." "Hello, Hugo." "Take a seat," the Police Chief said as he pulled out a chair for Harry to sit on. Politely, Harry sat down. He and Hugo Lefevre weren't exactly friends, but they didn't cross much either. They were more like allies or business partners. Lefevre first marched into the Café du Sorcier in its third week of operation. Bonifacio had some odd law that prohibited gambling. Of course, being part gambling hall, the Café du Sorcier was due for a little inspection, but that night, Monsieur Lefevre had such good luck at the cards, he decided to forget all about that silly law. He came back the next night, and the next, and the next, and the next, but he still didn't close Harry's. "You ought to be so lucky," Lefevre scowled. "You, throwing away women like that. Some of us actually have to try to catch one." Harry said nothing, but Lefevre could see a small upward quirk grace the bar owner's face. "Maybe I'll get around to calling that girl. I'll catch her on the rebound." At this, Harry nearly had to stifle a laugh. "When it comes to women, Hugo, you're a true capitalist." They sat back, listening to Mik and the rest of the orchestra shred a new tune. Soon, they heard the buzz of an airplane approach. Harry looked up to see an airplane fly clear over his head and move further and further away, becoming a small dot amidst the stars. The planes that usually flew in to Bonifacio weren't large, commercial things that could hold two hundred people. They were smaller, usually feeling crammed when more than five people boarded and with propellers instead of large engines. Lefevre nodded towards it. "That's the plane to Marseille. Wouldn't you like to be on it?" "Why should I? What's there in Marseille?" Lefevre looked at him with a mixture of annoyance and disbelief. "A way to leave this Godforsaken island. You know that. Of course," he said contemplatively, "it's no broomstick. Oh, how I miss being able to feel the wind rushing through my hair. How I miss being able to hit a Bludger at my brother!" Monsieur Lefevre was a wizard and not too many people knew it. Harry was one of that few. "Well, don't blame me for not being able to play Quidditch. It's the laws you enforce that keep you from doing so." Lefevre gave an exasperated sigh. "Just because I'm the Chief of Police in Bonifacio—" "—I meant your French Ministry of Magic," Harry interrupted. "Ah, well, that, yes. Hmm…." Lefevre paused for a moment before saying, "You know, I've always wondered why you left Britain. I mean, the Boy Who Lived, the man who defeated He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named all of a sudden disappears off the face of the Earth. Funny enough that he should wind up in Bonifacio three years after he saved the entire wizarding world." He looked at Harry intensely. "You were great! You could've been anything! You could've been the greatest Auror the world has ever seen. You could've joined any Quidditch team with a Seeker record like yours. You could've taught Defense Against the Dark Arts at any wizarding school in the world, but you became a lonely bar owner in the middle of the Mediterranean, hiding out from everyone and everything that used to matter to you." Annoyance crept onto Harry's face. "Don't pretend to know me or my life, Hugo. Besides," he said as he quickly changed tones, "I did become something: the most successful pub owner in Corsica. And I certainly am not lonely and I have not been hiding out." "But why, of all places, in Bonifacio? You could've gone anywhere in the world and you chose this little dump of an island!" Harry seemed to consider him for a moment. "My health. I came for my health." Lefevre scoffed. "I still think you ought to have gone to America at the very least. You'd have had to deal with less of this European conflict. Mërzitaab's armies, my word! You don't know how dreadfully exhausting it is to cower before one dark wizard only to have another spring up in his place. Or perhaps you do," he said as he suspiciously eyed Harry. Just then, Johann trotted out of the side exit toward Harry. "Herr Harry, there are some men who won two hundred thousand francs and Frauline Valerie would like some money." "Excuse me," Harry said as he left Lefevre with Johann. "I am so sorry, Herr. I would take care of it, but you know…" the headwaiter trailed off. "Of course," Harry said reassuringly. "Don't worry about it." Just another night in Bonifacio , said a voice in Harry's head. And, boy, does it feel long already .