want to admit it. She suffered for nine months all alone, knowing that the dad would never help her. Of course, it was her own fault since she didn't even tell him, but she was too depressed to admit it. She just thought that maybe she could do it with the help of her friends and of Sirius and Remus' and maybe even Snape's. But she should have known she was egoist, doing that. Draco had the right to choose if he wanted to be in his child's life. And apparently, it was the case. Looking up, she met his pleading gaze. He didn't make a move, letting her make her choice. He was scared. No, scratch that, he was terrified. If she chose to raise their child alone, he wouldn't have a word to say against it. He just hoped she would understand that he lived through a lot too. Taking a deep breath, she finally answered: "You're right, it wasn't fair for you. I should've told you." Hesitantly, she walked towards him and relaxed her grip on her baby, showing their little face. "Draco, this is Lucy Narcissa Malfoy, your daughter." murmured gently Hazel, giving him the bundle which was his daughter. Heart soaring, he took carefully his daughter in his arms and looked at her. She had a little tuft of white blond hair like a traditional Malfoy, big grey eyes and pale skin with a little nose on her cute face. She was a copy of her father, that was evident. "Hello Lucy." cooed Draco, his instinct flowing in him. "I am your daddy, princess. I'm going to take care of you, I won't leave you now that I finally met you. You'll see, I'll spoil you rotten, my baby." he whispered, kissing her soft little head. Hazel watched the scene in awe, her eyes filled with tears. Draco was the perfect father, she couldn't have asked for a better one. She really regretted, now, to have hidden his daughter from him, it was obvious that they bonded immediately, it was a magnificent sight. Now, the only problem was her feelings for him. How could she hide them now that they had a daughter together? Draco looked up at her and noticed her tears rolling down her cheeks before falling on the wooden floor. Hating to see his love hurting, he wiped her tears away with his thumb before asking softly: "What is it, Hazel?" She shook her head, a sob escaping her soft lips. She sniffled and looked down, once again. "It's nothing, really." she answered, her voice wavering before cracking at the end. Draco grabbed her chin gently before lifting her head up to meet her glassy gaze. Stroking her cheek lovingly, he whispered: "It's not nothing if it makes you cry. Tell me." Refusing to tell him the truth, she told him: "It's just hormones, don't worry about it." Draco shook his head, sighing. "You're lying, Hazel." he scolded softly. "Why are you lying to me?" he asked confused. Incapable to take it any longer, she closed the space between them, making sure to not squeeze her daughter between their body, and kissed him. Heart beating fast, he kissed her back, not wanting to fuck it up again, and, still holding securely their daughter, placed a hand on her cheek. He kissed her more passionately, loving the feeling of her soft lips on his. Their lips fitted perfectly against each other, as if they were made for each other. Licking her bottom lip, he asked her permission to enter. Parting her lips, she gave it to him happily, letting him slip his tongue in her mouth. He ventured into her mouth, licking every inches of her mouth, wanting to taste everything. She tasted like chocolate, thank you Remus, and of apple, his favorite fruit. Hazel, deciding he had his fun, pushed his tongue away with her own before trying to enter in his mouth. They battled for dominance but she soon won and entered his mouth. He tasted like mint and pumpkin juice, surprisingly delicious. She explored his mouth, wanting to know everything about it. Finally, she retracted, in need of air, but before she could break the kiss, Draco decided to suck on her tongue a little before releasing her. Panting, they rested their foreheads against each other, their eyes closed. Draco opened his eyes first, looking at his love's face, seeming to be in complete bliss. He pecked her lips softly before taking a step backward. Hazel opened her eyes and looked at Draco in surprise, the realization of what just happened sinking in. She blushed furiously, her cheeks clashing with her red hair. She opened her mouth, as if she wanted to say something, before closing it once again. She did this multiple times before croaking: "Draco, I..." She shifted on her feet awkwardly. Noticing how uncomfortable she was he kissed her softly once again before whispering: "I love you." Her eyes filled with tears once again, before she smiled softly but happily. "I love you too." she answered. Lucy cooed softly, as if she was happy for her parents. Her parents smiled at her softly, caressing her hair. Seeming to realize something, Draco looked at Hazel, confused and worried. "Who takes care of her when we have classes?" he asked. Hazel chuckled before answering: "Don't worry, Dobby and Winky take good care of her, when I'm not here." Draco smiled back relieved. The family was finally reunited after months of separation and were happy to be finally together. Maybe they went through a lot before settling peacefully together but they wouldn't have it any other way. Maybe Lucy was created after a drunken night, made by a drunken love, but it was still love. It was something not everyone was lucky to be, being made by love, and Lucy was one of those lucky ones and Hazel and Draco couldn't have asked a better way to make their daughter.