before billowing out and flowing like dark, shimmering water to the ground. It was nice to be able to wear it again, though she feared she might be somewhat over-dressed. Hermione would have preferred a more sedate, simple reunion for their second first date, but Ron had been so excited about taking her out for a fancy evening that she had agreed without reservation at the time. Pulling on her sensible flats underneath the dress, she searched her jewelry box for the heirloom diamond studs her mother and father had gifted her on her sixteenth birthday, willing herself not to dwell on the memory. Ron was exactly on time, his familiar rap on the door coming at precisely 7 o'clock. Hermione squared her shoulders and opened the door with a smile. "Hello, Ron." He looked impressively dapper, she thought, her smile creeping wider. Ginny must have had a hand in his preparations for the evening. "You look really nice," she said, as he started to speak. He laughed and blushed. "Here," he said, holding a bouquet of roses out to her. "For the most beautiful witch in the world." "Oh, Ron... thank you. Ah, just let me... go put them in some water." She lifted the flowers to her nose and inhaled, still smiling, as she led Ron inside. "Your place is looking great," he said. "I like the – er – plants." "Thanks," she said. "They're from Neville. He gets a wonderful discount at the greenhouse. He brought me all these plants, ones that were going to be thrown out that he nursed back to health." "Ah, well that's... brilliant," said Ron. "I suppose you see him often? How is Neville? Haven't seen him since Harry's wedding myself." Hermione gave him a look and said, "Neville is doing great. He's just started dating Hannah Abbott." "Ah, right," said Ron, looking relieved. "Well, shall we go?" she asked. "Yes, wouldn't want to be late," said Ron, holding the door for her to walk out of the flat. They Apparated to Rebecca's Star, the finest dining available in Diagon Alley. "Shouldn't be anybody we know in here," said Ron with a laugh. "That doesn't mean we won't be recognized," she reminded him. "True," he said, as they entered the restaurant. They were seated in a quiet corner, thankfully away from any prying eyes. Hermione wondered if Ron had payed extra for that privilege. She was honestly wondering how he was paying for this extravagant date at all. Sure, living at home rent-free had it's perks, but Ron was still not through Auror training. In fact, much to his chagrin, he was behind Harry, who would start receiving full pay soon. Hermione knew for a fact that Ron had given nearly all of the money he'd been awarded after the war to George to get the shop back up and running. It was then that Harry's quiet interest about the evening made sense - he must have financed it. Hermione was both touched and horrified by the thought. They made it through dinner with sedate conversation and some bewilderment on Ron's part, who seemed to be following her lead when navigating the etiquette of fine wizarding dining. Hermione was actually thankful to Slughorn for teaching his prized students such things, even though she had not enjoyed being in the Slug Club at the time. After dinner, Ron suggested they take a stroll through the park. "What about the Muggles?" she asked. "We look a bit – over-dressed – not to mention our clothes would draw attention." "Well," said Ron slyly, reaching into his pocket. "I thought we could use this." He pulled out Harry's cloak. "Just like old times at Hogwarts," he said. "Or I could just Disillusion us," Hermione reminded him. "What fun would that be?" he asked, grinning. "The fun part is trying to both fit under here now that we're not kids anymore." She laughed and said, "Okay." They huddled together and walked through the park until they found an empty bench. Hermione cast a few charms to ensure their privacy, and they sat down under the cloak together, arm-in-arm. "I love you, Hermione," said Ron suddenly. He moved to take her hand, rubbing his thumb over the back of it. Hermione was silent for a moment. "I love you, too, Ron. I always have." She didn't know why that truth sent a wave of melancholy through her that evening. Another silence. Ron shifted his legs a bit and turned toward her, his bright blue eyes shining with happiness. "I understand," he said. "You need some time... but I have to tell you, I still want to marry you one day, Hermione Granger." He kissed her, and Hermione's heart leapt as if it was the first time – which she was remembering at that moment. It was the tears that started pouring from her eyes that made no sense. "Hermione?" Ron gave her a worried look. "What's wrong?" "Nothing, ah..." She wiped her eyes. "I was just remembering the first time we kissed." "Oh," he said, looking confused. "Was it that bad?" She laughed and said, "No. It was wonderful." Ron was quiet. "This was a really nice evening, Ron," she said. "Are you still up for dinner at the Burrow tomorrow?" he asked. "Mum is expecting you." "Yes, I'll come," she said, even though the thought of the overwhelming welcome that awaited her was daunting. There would be no taking it slow – the Weasley clan, Harry included, would expect the relationship to pick up where it left off. She received an owl from Professor McGonagall Sunday morning, telling her to come to Hogwarts Monday after work, if it suited her. Hermione could barely contain her excitement throughout the day, and her mind was far from the celebratory dinner that night at the Burrow. It was not officially a celebration, but it was obvious that was Molly's intent. She even made Hermione's favorite dark chocolate cake for dessert.