with anyone. He'd shied away from hugging Harry, opting for a firm handshake or nod instead, and had practically ran for the hills when Fleur had tried to kiss him on the cheek at Neville and Luna's wedding. But here he was patting her on the arm and acting as if it was perfectly natural. It doesn't mean anything, Hermione told herself again, willing herself to believe it. Surely it was just a sign that he was healing and mending with time, as they all were. It couldn't be anything more than that. "'ERMIONE!" a voice bellowed from the pumpkin patch on the other side of the groundskeepers' cottage. "Hagrid!" Hermione grinned back and ran forward to meet his hug, which felt like being gripped by a huge metal vice, though, admittedly, it was one of the most comforting things about Hogwarts. It made her feel like she was eleven again and instantly made her forget her earlier musings. The rest of the afternoon flew by as she caught up with Hagrid and Fang. They talked about the past and the future for a while. Then Hermione spent the next couple of hours trying to persuade the demi-giant to at least talk to McGonagall before inviting Charlie Weasley and some dragons to give a demonstration to his students. "But just think about it, 'ermione! A whole display o' dragons, right 'ere. Norbert might come too, don't ya think?" ...oooOXOooo... After running into Professor Flitwick on her way back from Hagrid's, Hermione spent another hour talking with him about the upcoming school year and the possibility of coordinating Transfiguration and Charms classes. Eager to get away, but not wanting to appear rude, she eventually excused herself from Flitwick's eager planning and headed back through the Hogwarts corridors. Since the war, she had valued time by herself more and more; her friends were in relationships and she preferred spending time alone than acting as the awkward third, fifth, or even seventh wheel. The working and socialising of the day had worn her out and she decided she needed some alone time that evening, ordering her dinner in her lodgings. It was only as she took her dishes back down to the kitchen (to save a house elf from making the trip) that her tired mind returned once more to her morning. She was lost in a daydream that may or may not have featured Remus as she wandered back to her room, ready to do some reading and fall asleep. A voice calling her name brought her back to reality. She turned around to see the very man she'd been thinking about running towards her. She quickly crushed the butterflies that were rising in her stomach and looked at him questioningly. "Good evening," Remus gasped, trying to catch his breath. "I just wondered how you were feeling about the lessons on Monday? Did the list I gave you help?" The werewolf pushed a hand through his hair and tried to pat it down while simultaneously pushing up his sleeves to hide the fraying cuffs. Hermione bit down a smile at his dishevelled appearance, it was rather endearing. "The list was a godsend, Remus, I can't thank you enough for your words of wisdom," Hermione grinned, "I definitely owe you one!" "You're exaggerating, I'm sure," Remus smiled and shook his head, "but I'm glad you found it helpful." After a couple of awkward seconds, where the only noise was Hermione's heart beating faster and faster, she broke the silence. "I was just heading back to my rooms for a cup of tea if you wanted to join me?" As soon as the words left her mouth she began to blush, and she knew they had been a mistake. Remus looked uncomfortable and a bit bewildered, he frowned at the floor before meeting her unsteady gaze. "No, thank you," he said almost aggressively, "that's not to say I don't want to. But I, er, I'm busy this evening. Paperwork, lots to do before Monday. You know how it is…" Hermione's heart slowed and fell. That was a definite rejection, he must be puzzled why she'd even asked him. I've messed everything up , she thought sadly. Perhaps there'd been a potential for a friendship with Remus, but now it was always going to be awkward between them. "Of course, I understand," she said, trying to appear unaffected by his rebuff, "Good night." "Good night, Hermione," Remus promptly turned on his heel and headed back the way he'd come. Walking slowly back to her chambers, she tried not to think of what she may have ruined by being so forward. When she closed her door behind her, she began to run a bath and choose a book to read. A long soak in some lavender salts and an engrossing book were just what she needed to forget about the day. Suddenly, there was a strange tapping on her door. She opened it to find a lone paper aeroplane sat on the floor. With growing curiosity, Hermione unfolded the thick parchment and found a short, handwritten note. Hermione. Please forgive me for my shortness earlier this evening. It shouldn't be an excuse, but the impending full moon is making me more cranky than usual, and your presence puts me on edge. Thank you for your kind offer. I'd love to have a cup of tea with you some time if my behaviour hasn't made you change your mind. Remus. Her mind began to whir again as she considered the piece of parchment in her hands. Did he just feel guilty about his behaviour? What did he mean by 'her presence'? How did she put him on edge – was she that insufferable? Was he just being polite or did he really want to accept her offer? She had too many questions to know what to make of the few short sentences and spent the rest of the evening trying, unsuccessfully, to distract herself with a book.