"I'll be listening. If he tries anything, just yell." His voice isn't soft, and I'm sure that Draco can hear it. When he ducks his head back inside, he leaves the door propped open, despite the cool night air. I would have preferred to remain anonymous, but I suppose it's comforting to know that people are still wary, still paying attention, and they'd defend me if I needed them to. Against my better judgment, I start to trot after Draco. "You know," he says, "all I wanted to do was get a few drinks before the death threats start coming again. Now I'm going to the Hog's Head, which I do not particularly like, and I want to have a couple drinks in peace." "What death threats?" He glances over at me when I catch up to him and lowers his voice. "When the head of Werewolf Capture asks you for information on the Dark Lord's followers and you actually give it to him, you're probably going to get death threats. I've already had three people try to kill me for information I gave to Potter and Granger. This'll be my last drink out for awhile." "You gave my brother information tonight?" He shrugs. We've reached the Hog's Head. I've only set foot in it once - when I had no other choice - and there's a reason for that. The bay windows are so dirty that all I can see of the inside are indistinct shapes and a flickering light, and even in the faint light, I can see how rusted the handle of the door is. He opens it with his sleeve rather than his bare hand and turns to look at me. "I'll buy you a drink if you'll be halfway civil." I stare at him for a minute. He doesn't seem to be about to hurt me - he gave me back my wand, after all, and he probably wouldn't have done that if he'd wanted to hurt me, even with the big red-haired man shouting at him. I still don't like him, but that makes him seem marginally less awful now, and I'm genuinely curious about the death threats. "Fine," I say. He lets out a snort as he kicks the door open. "That's gracious of you." When we're sitting at a table, mugs in front of us, I start toying with the remnants of a wax candle that have melted into the wood rather than ask him again. I feel like he wants me to, and I don't want to give him what he wants. His ego needs to meet more people he can't manipulate. He's so twitchy, though, that after a moment, I can't help but say, "You really are scared, aren't you?" He shoots me a dirty look. "Yes, Astoria." He gulps down a sizable portion of his beer. "Like I said, people have literally tried to kill me. Some more than once." "Your information is that good? Even now?" "The Dark Lord used my parents' manor as his base for over a year, and my parents were always part of his inner circle. Yes, even now." "So why not give it to them all at once?" "I don't know what they need all at once, and I don't have access to everything all at once, either. I give them what I can when they need it." He takes another sip of beer. "Then people call me a blood traitor and try to kill me for it. I keep my head down, they forget, and then the cycle starts again." "So why do you do it?" I haven't even touched my beer yet. I'm too interested in what he's saying. He shrugged. "Because I fucked up, and I owe Potter and Granger for keeping me out Azkaban." "So why'd you help my brother?" "Because I still fucked up, and Brendon Greengrass gives Slytherins a good name." He finished his beer. "Are you going to drink that, or just look at it?" I grab the mug and pull it closer to me, and he pushes his chair back. "I'm going get another one, then." I take a sip and glance around the room. It was deserted when we walked in, other than the old bartender, and and it's stayed deserted. That's probably just as well, if he's worried about assassins. I'm not sure whether he's being honest with me or just spinning me a tale of lies. He drops back into his chair, refilled-mug in hand. "So why are you sad?" I take another sip. "It's none of your business." "Fair enough." He shrugs and changes the subject. When we leave half an hour later, he asks, "Are you okay to Apparate?" "I'm fine." I wish I wasn't, but I am. I wouldn't have let a Death Eater touch me even if I wasn't, though, whether or not it turns out that he's passing information to my brother. I should think up an excuse to ask him about it. Draco hesitates. "Do you want to meet me at the Three Broomsticks? Next Thursday?" I open my mouth to say no, and he adds quickly, "I'll buy." I hesitate, and after a minute, what comes out instead is, "I guess." A/N: This story (like all my stories) is part of the (Sidenote: Full Story) series. It's massive and sprawling and does not focus on Astoria or Draco by any means, but they do both appear in several of the stories. 'Fools and Heroes' and 'Unforgivable' set the stage for what happens here and 'Echoes' is set from Draco's perspective several years after this. I also literally just realized that I may not have all of those uploaded here yet - I'll try to get them up ASAP, but they are definitely already up at HPFanficTalk's archive under the same username, if you don't want to wait. Thank you so, so much for reading, and as always, reviews, favorites, and alerts are hugely appreciated. Branwen