any ATM's here?" Hagrid looked back at Vernon. "ATM's? Are those those muggle things to get money off of plastic cards?" Vernon nodded. "They don' have those here. If you wan' to exchange money, yeh've go' ta bring in muggle money." "You have your own currency?" "Yeah, of course." Petunia spoke up for the first time. "That man, Dumbledore, told us that we were allowed money to look after Harry. Would we be allowed to use some of that to pay for Dudley's school things? We won't be able to pay for it otherwise. We can use our own money to pay it back and we'll use our own money to pay for Dudley's stuff next year." It was clear to see that Vernon wasn't happy with having to pay the money back. Hagrid was oblivious to Vernon's annoyance. "Dumbledore told me abou' tha'. He told me to tell yeh tha' you can use the money to spend on essentials for Harry, food, clothing, a bed, so on. He told me tha' yeh can also use it ta pay for yer sons school equipment. Shall we git going?" Hagrid took Harry down to the vaults to take some money out. Vernon and Petunia were worried for their safety. Obviously they didn't let Dudley go. Hagrid suggested they get wands for Harry and Dudley first. Hagrid opened the door to the dusty shop for Harry and the Dursley's. Vernon looked around and couldn't see anyone. "Haven't these people ever heard of customer service?" "Good afternoon." Everyone jumped. The shop shook from the combined weight of Hagrid, Vernon and Dudley landing on the floor. "Hello," said Harry, awkwardly. "Ah, yes. I've been expecting you Mr Potter. I remember when your parents came here to get their wands." The man smiled in reminiscence. "You mothers wand was ten and a quarter inches. Swishy, made of willow. It was good for charm work. Your fathers, on the other hand, was eleven inches. Made of mahogany. Pliable. A bit more powerful and magnificent for transfiguration." Dudley felt left out. "I want my wand." Mr Ollivander turned to Dudley, slightly disdainfully. Luckily, only Harry noticed. "Hmmm. I think I know precisely the wand for you." He pulled out a wand and gave it to Dudley. He immediately took it back. "Nope. No. I want to continue to live. How about this?" The next wand, chestnut with a dragon heartstring core, was declared perfect for him. He then proceeded to try many wands for Harry before he gave Harry the wand that was the brother of the one that gave Harry his scar. Petunia declared they should get them uniforms next, so they could get a picture of them in their school uniforms. Everyone could tell that she only wanted one of Dudley, but wanted to be nicer to Harry. As they walked towards Madam Malkin's, Harry spoke up. "Hagrid... why aren't first years allowed brooms?" Hagrid chuckled. "Tha's owin' ta yer father and his f- and another firs' year. Yer father brought a broom ta school. He was a bit o' a troublemaker. All the teachers liked him and were infuriated by him. I know McGonagall has claimed he's the reason she looks as ol' as she does. Er, don' tell her tha'." "Why? What did my dad do?" Hagrid smiled fondly. "Ev'rythin' it's possible ta do on a broom. Although, a couple o' red-headed twins managed ta ge' a broom inta Hogwarts in their firs' year." Hagrid started to tell them some details, when Petunia interrupted, stating that she didn't want Hagrid to give Harry any ideas. When they entered Madam Malkin's, there was a girl with blonde hair being measured for her Hogwarts uniform. Harry and Dudley quickly began to get measured. The girl turned to them and started talking. "Hello, my names Susan." Dudley was the more confident of the two. "Hello Susan. My name's Dudley and this is Harry. Where are your parents? I'm sure my mum and dad would like to speak to some of my class mates parents." Susan's face took on a melancholy look. "They died in the war. I live with my auntie. She had to go to the Ministry to deal with a problem a drunk caused in the Leaky Cauldron." She looked resigned to her guardian leaving suddenly. "Oh, sorry. That was my fault. Someone tried to kill me." The tailors stopped and everyone in the room stared at Harry. Susan glanced at Harry's forehead. "You're Harry Potter," she observed. "Maybe the man who tried to kill you was a Death Eater!" She was getting excited. "My auntie always said she thought some got away! Maybe she can get some evidence to put some more in Azkaban!" Vernon opened his mouth, but Petunia quickly explained that Azkaban was the wizard prison. At Susan's confused glance, Petunia explained that Vernon and her were muggles, but her sister was a witch and mentioned Azkaban. Vernon spoke. "Does your auntie wear a monocle?" "Yes, I assume you saw her." "Yes, she was running down the street towards the Leaky Cauldron. She looked like a respectable person." Susan gave him a curious glance, but nothing more. "Well, can I tag along with you guys? My auntie will be busy with that man for quite a while and it would be good to have some friends before going to Hogwarts." Dudley confirmed that she could come with them to get their stuff. She was able to help them get their books, since she'd got them before going to get her uniform. Dudley convinced his parents to let him get several books on Curses. When they got to the potioneers, Dudley asked for a solid gold cauldron. Hagrid quickly pointed out that Snape would give him a hard enough time without a gold cauldron being thrown into the mix. At the end of the day, Susan told Harry and Dudley that she'd look for them on the train and they said goodbye.