hand and I winced slightly. It had blisters all over. He sat at the Ravenclaw table and I stood nervously at the entrance. "Ms. Therse," Professor McGonagall called out, gesturing over to the table where a bunch of kids in gold were sitting at. I walked over awkwardly, Apollo twisting his head around to view all the people. I wasn't aware there were even this much people in the world, Apollo commented, cocking his head slightly. I took a seat a girl with fiery red hair and this extremely black haired girl, and watched the first years get assigned their group. As soon as the feast began, I got up and walked over to where Dumbledore was enjoying his feast. "Headmaster," I began, shifting slightly. The headmaster stopped his conversation and looked at me with cool blue eyes. "Yes, Ms. Therse?" he asked. "There is something I need to discuss with you...in private," I added, glancing at all the people in the Great Hall. Dumbledore nodded, and for some odd reason motioned Snape with his finger. The two gentlemen stood up and proceeded out of the Great Hall, in which I followed. I glanced over at Riven and saw he was joking around and laughing with friends. However, as soon as I passed, we connected eyes and he mouthed, "Hands?" I replied with a curt nod and stepped out, following the two professors towards an empty hallway. "What seems to be the problem, Ms. Therse?" asked Professor Snape, raising an eyebrow skeptically at me, "This," I said, and I grabbed his hand, since it was the only piece of skin exposed besides his face. Snape winced and jerked his hand back, a small red mark on his hand. "One of your spells went wrong. I can't touch anybody besides myself and Apollo." Quietly, I added, "You might want to send somebody to Riven Walmium of Ravenclaw. He injured his hand helping me get through the crowds." "I shall fetch Madam Pomfrey right away," Dumbledore replied, nodding. "Snape, if you could be so kind as to take Ms. Therse to your office and give her the sufficient potion needed to rebuke the curse." Snape and I both tensed and the smallest smile crept up on Dumbledore's face. "Now, now...I expect both of you to play nice." We both nodded solemnly as Dumbledore walked away from us, whistling a happy tune. Snape turned around and gestured towards me with a finger to follow him. We walked in silence, even as he handed me the potion. I didn't question it. I just drank. The cool contents passed down my throat and I sighed contently. Snape grabbed my hand, and he didn't flinch or anything. He shooed me out and I raced back to the Great Hall where Riven was being attended by Madam Pomfrey. The feast seemed to be over and they were the only two left in the room. "That should do it," the woman said, smiling warmly. Riven flexed his hand, which was wrapped in bandages. "Just keep that on for a couple of days and it should go away in no time." As she packed up to leave, I took a seat beside Riven. "Hey Dra," he teased me, smiling warmly. "Did they fix you?" I nodded in relief. "You missed the feast. Really great food." "I wasn't that hungry anyways," I lied, but then my stomach let out a growl that belonged to a cat. Riven laughed and Madam Pomfrey smiled as she exited the dining room. Riven leaned over to a folded up napkin on the table and pushed it over to me. I unwrapped it, and inside were three rolls, all a golden brown with butter spread across them, "Let's just say I had a feeling that you were going to miss dinner," Riven explained with a large smile when I thanked him. He watched me while I ate the rolls and then got up, stretching. "Well, I think I better head back to Ravenclaw before Professor Flitwick wonders where I am." I nodded and wiped my hands on my robes. "Professor McGonagall is probably freaking out about me right now," I sighed. I really liked hanging out with Riven. He didn't make me ponder about my...past. Apollo slithered off of my shoulder and onto Riven's, hissing something into his ear that I couldn't hear. Riven gave Apollo a look. Apollo , I hissed to him, holding at my hand. The snake pouted and slithered back onto me. Riven can't understand you. I don't think he's a Parseltongue . Details , Apollo grumbled angrily. Whatever he had tried to said, he was upset that it hadn't gotten through, because he was silent all the way up to the Gryffindor common room. As soon as I stepped in, I passed by the empty room and started my way up the stairs, only stopping when I heard, "Ms. Therse?" I froze and quietly turned to face Professor McGonagall, who stood in her night robes at the bottom of the stairs. "Might I ask why you weren't at the feast? Or at the common room when everyone went to bed?" "When you were putting enchantments on me, something happened and I couldn't touch any teachers or students without burning them," I quietly and quickly explained. "I had Professor Snape and Professor Dumbledore help fix it." "Oh, my dear, I apologize that that happened," McGonagall said sadly. "Were any students hurt because of it?" "Riven Walmiun of Ravenclaw," I explained. "He held my hand to keep me steady when we were walking through the crowds. And Professor Snape, to some extent, while I was demonstrating what was wrong." The professor nodded, and went silent. After a minute or two, she dismissed me to my room, which she also told me where it was. Once inside, I found an available four-poster bed and slipped Apollo into his cage and myself underneath my comforters, trying to mentally prepare myself for the next day.