with him, maybe. Draco nods. "Okay. " He just stands there solemnly, undefeated. "Okay?" screams Hermione. "OKAY?" "What am I supposed to say?" he asks, in confusion. "I DON'T KNOW. " She wants him to continue to be angry because technically they'd still been together or friends with benefits, or whatever, when she effectively ruined things by accepting another man's proposal. Technically, they weren't even exclusive; they hadn't ever labeled what they were doing (beyond the occasional occasion where Draco referred to Hermione as his girl, in his head). "But you NEED to say something..." she looks torn between wanting his acceptance and needing him to let his fury out of his system. "Granger, you made your choice by not telling me about this," he pauses in between. "I'm making mine by telling you this: I love you. I forbid you to marry that son of a bitch. I forbid you, god dammit. " He folds his arms across his chest and stares at her head on, waiting for her to fight him on this. There's no way in hell he's letting his witch marry another man. No way. Not in this lifetime. "I love you, Granger. I love you." He's surprised at how easy it is for the words to roll off his lips when he's been denying the truth of this for the longest time. He knows what needs to be said, and it's not like he's ever denied his strong attachment for Hermione Jean Granger. He's just never had the courage to say anything about it. He pulls her close to his chest, as she reluctantly pushes him away. " Don't do this," he says. She shakes her head, and pulls away from him, dropping herself onto the armchair that had been vacated by Ginny a mere fifteen minutes ago. "Granger, you can't do this. You need to pick me, dammit. Choose ME . LOVE ME!" She finds herself smiling at that despite everything. He's going all Meredith Grey on her, and it's all her fault for making him watch Grey's Anatomy with her. He's always been a drama queen, so it's not surprising her for her to see him going all out in his quest in working the odds in his favor. "What about the baby?" she asks. "What about it?" he seems genuinely confused at that question. Hermione remains silent. "I love you Granger. Which means I also love this baby. I want you to be my family. " "Even if Comrac is his father?" she asks hesitantly. "That doesn't change anything," he promises. "As long as you swear that that child will have your looks and your brains, I'll be okay with giving him over to McLaggen on weekends. It won't be ideal, but eh-" he shrugs his shoulders. "We've gotta make do with what we have, love." "Draco, I-" "For one: say that you won't marry him," he suggests. "Two, agree to marry me." "I'm not marrying you," she says firmly. "Why the hell not? I'm much better looking than McLaggen, and even Pothead and the Weasel prefer me over him. If that's not saying something, then I don't know what is." It's true, both Harry and Weasley don't hate Draco as much as they used to back in third year. They buried the damn metaphorical hatchet years ago. They're on good enough terms for all three men to unanimously agree on Cormac McLaggen not being good enough for their beloved Hermione. "Because you haven't asked." She gives him a pointed look and a wave of realization washes over him. "Oh." She wants a proper proposal. That's a fair demand. "Yes." "Well, I'll wait so you can change out of that." He glares at the poofy wedding dress Hermione is still wearing. "Oh and you need to dump McLaggen and that... that thing needs to go too." He all but sneers at the shiny diamond ring on Hermione's ring finger. Hermione smiles. "Consider it done," she says. "Oh and Draco, I'm sorry for not giving you a chance." He waves off her apologies. "You have the rest of our life together to make up for that." He knows more than a few ways that she can fix things between them, and he's looking forward to all of it. / When Baby Alexander is born, he arrives with a tuft of fuzzy brown hair (just like his mum's) and there's a happy little smile on his face. He's a beautiful baby, and Hermione cries happy tears when she sees him for the first time, because he's her's. He's her little one. When his Uncle Ron comes to meet him, he tears up just a little bit. "Blimey, Mione, he looks just like you!" he exclaims, grinning at the blue bundle of joy currently in his best friend's arms. And Hermione bursts into tears, because, yes, Alex does look her, and he has her chocolatey brown eyes,too. There's no physical indication that he's anyone's son but her's. Which is why she's convinced she's a whore, who doesn't know who the father of her own son is. A DNA test is ordered promptly, and they're waiting on the results (it's supposed to take twenty four hours or more), when Draco bursts into the room, with a Harry Winston box in the palm of his hand. Ron promptly takes his nephew into his own arms, and hands Hermione a box of tissues just as Draco Malfoy gets down on one knee, and asks his girl to be his wife. She obviously says yes. / And all is well. / A/N: I had fun with this little one shot and plan on getting back into the Dramione fandom, fan fic writing business. So send me your mood boards or prompts or fic suggestions, and your girl here will do what needs to be done :) PLEASE REVIEW! Reviews mean everything to writers like me, as they're the only form of appreciation that we get. Thank you for reading.