and back again. "Did Hermione mention my accident?" "Accident?" said Mrs. Granger. "It would seem she forgot to mention as much," Mr. Granger said, following his wife's gaze and landing on Hermione. "Well, I – I didn't think you really needed to know, is all…" she said, a bit defensive, but overall more embarrassed that she'd forgotten to include them in such a detail more than anything else. "It was about a month ago… he was only out for a few weeks." "Yeah, out of my state of consciousness I might add," Harry said, rather jovially. He looked over at Hermione who had now lost all sense of color and was picking lightly at her fingernails, looking quickly between her parents and Harry. "Well do you want to tell them, or should I?" Harry said jokingly. "It's best if you start," Hermione conceded. "Tea, anyone?" All three nodded and Hermione got up to fetch the pot and a few mugs from the kitchen. "Right," Harry started. "So I was out on a case – it's still active, so you'll forgive me for not being able to divulge any details – but my partner and I were about to enter this old dingy building. We'd already done loads of spells to make sure that the place was safe to enter, but I suppose we must've forgotten something or overlooked a nasty curse, because the next thing I know I'm –" "He's getting shot straight through the chest with a beam of green light. I swear, when Macmillan told me that, I thought you'd been hit with the killing curse." Hermione said, cutting him off. "Well Macmillan likes to be evasive. He's not the sensitive or thoughtful type… and I swear he's still got a thing for you." Harry's face took on a protective front that was not missed by Mr. Granger. "He's bloody insensitive is what he is!" Hermione nearly shouted. She was getting worked up again, the napkin which had been folded gently over her forefinger not sat crumpled in her fist. "So, Dad, Harry got blasted with some curse that had been cast over the building and it rendered him unconscious for a good three days. That's why I started cooking for him. He stayed here after he woke up and was free to leave St. Mungo's; I'm sorry – I didn't think it pertinent to tell you." "Didn't think it pertinent? That your best friend had been taken ill and you were nursing him back to health all on your own?" Mrs. Granger chimed in. "Harry, Hermione, dear, if I had known I would have helped – I could have come and stayed with Harry while you were at work." "We were fine, honest, Mum. I took a short leave of absence from the Ministry." Hermione looked down at her plate, dropped the napkin onto its face and busied herself with the spoon in her mug. "I've had some days saved up. It was good for us I think; after not having gotten to spend time together in so long." "And where was Ron in all of this?" Mr. Granger asked. "In fact, I thought the lad was supposed to join us for dinner tonight. Where is he?" Harry's face began to grow hot and he knew Hermione's must have been growing one way or another as well. They hadn't really discussed what they'd say if Ron was brought up. "Ron's been…" Harry started to reply, but he was cut short when Hermione jumped in with her own reply. "Ron's been tied up at the joke shop a lot recently. He sends his regards. He and George have been working on getting some new products ready for the big re-opening they're having next week." Harry stole a quick glance at Hermione and caught her eye for a brief moment. While there was a lot to be done at the joke shop for the re-opening, that wasn't exactly what had been keeping Ron away. Harry's mind was momentarily brought back to the rather large spat the two had a month or so prior and it almost made him sick to his stomach just to think of what Hermione's parents would do if they go word of it. This small dinner party had been planned for quite some time, and so he too had been expecting to see Ron… technically… but, obviously, all that had changed and they'd been kept in the dark. Harry tucked a mental note away for later; he'd need to really sit down and discuss the whole situation with Hermione at some point. Hopefully sooner rather than later. The rest of the evening went rather smoothly. Hermione's parents helped clean up the rest of the dishes from dinner and she packed up a little plate of leftovers for them to take home, saying that this way her dad 'wouldn't have to worry if Mum forgot to make him dinner one night.' They thanked the two profusely for a lovely night and hugged them each before leaving, Hermione pushing the door closed behind them. She stood with one hand on the nob, the other on her forehead and just stared at where the door met the frame. Harry watched as her shoulders noticeably relaxed as she turned to look at him. "I feel awful, but I've never been so glad to have them gone," she said, a bit out of breath. "When Dad brought up Ron I thought I was going to faint." "Yeah," Harry started. "About that… I think there are some things we need to talk about. For example, what exactly happened between the two of you?" Author's Note: Hopefully you like where it's going so far. Please review if you have the time; I'd love to hear any and all thoughts. It might be a bit before I'm able to get another chapter up, but please do hang with me! Thanks for taking the time to stop by, and I hope you've enjoyed it.