of Hogwarts. He might well be a decent grandfather to his pureblood grandson, but somehow she had a feeling that he'd be less decent to the halfblood who could potentially pollute the family's lineage. "I know," Scorpius said. "But he's still my grandfather." Rose snorted. "Right. And I'm sure he's so eager to meet me. I'm diluting his family's blood, remember?" Scorpius let his head fall back back to rest on the couch. "Rose, I wouldn't-" She raised her eyebrows when he glanced over at her, and he sighed. "Look, if he said anything to you, we'd leave and I wouldn't speak to him again." She didn't challenge him on that. She didn't doubt that what he was saying was true. But it also wasn't the point, and in some ways, the idea that the meeting could destroy Scorpius's relationship with his grandfather made her want to meet the man even less. "I can't." His eyes met hers, and despite the hurt look in his eyes, she didn't falter. "Scorpius, I can't." He closed his eyes, and she felt a quick stab of guilt. "How about just my grandmother?" She could barely hear his voice. "Your grandmother?" He lifted his head and looked at her. "Yeah. Just my grandmother." She hesitated. "We can meet her for lunch somewhere. You won't even have to go to the manor." "I don't know." Scorpius clearly saw her ambivalence as the perfect opening, because he added quickly, "Rose, please. Just once. If it doesn't go well, I won't bring it up again." She considered him. "Liar," she said after a moment. The corner of his mouth twitched, and he pushed his blonde hair back from his face. "Fine. I'll give it at least six months." His expression grew serious again. "And if she brings up your blood, I won't ever mention it again. But I know she won't." "Why not?" "Because my grandmother loves me, and she's not an idiot. She knows how pissed off I'd be if she did, and anyway, she's been pushing to meet you for years. She'll make an effort." Rose sighed and looked away from him. "I'll think about it." He slung his legs off the couch and scooted over to put his arm around her shoulders. "Thank you." He kissed her forehead. "I didn't say yes," she reminded him as he began to run his fingers through her hair. "I know," he murmured. He put his other hand underneath her chin, and she allowed him to lift her head. "I love you." Rose felt her trepidation begin to melt away. "I love you, too." She wrapped her arms around his neck and allowed him to pull her into his lap. "You're a good boyfriend," she said, brushing her lips against his. He smiled. "I know," he repeated. His grip on her tightened, and he leaned down to kiss her. When they broke away for air, he added, "You're not so bad yourself." She snorted and rested her head on his chest again. "Why is it so important to you?" she asked. He didn't have to ask what she meant. "Because they're my family. I know they've done a lot of awful things, but they're still my family." When she didn't respond, he pointed out, "I've met all of your family. I've even met your Muggle grandparents." "My grandparents didn't do ianything-"/i "I didn't say that they did." His tone was still calm. "My point is just that I've made the effort, and not everyone in your family has made me feel welcome." He didn't mention Roxanne by name, but Rose knew that he was thinking of her in particular. Roxanne had many positive traits, and Rose loved her dearly, but it was true that she still treated Scorpius with a suspicion that wasn't really warranted or fair. Rose suspected that it mostly had to do with the fact that Scorpius had been in Slytherin in school; Roxanne had always disliked all Slytherins on principle, and despite Scorpius's longstanding friendship with Albus and his relationship with Rose, Roxanne couldn't quite get over her suspicion. Rose sighed. "I'll think about it," she said again. "I just... Scorpius, do you know what he did? He went after people like my family - hell, he probably went after my family - and did..." She trailed off. "Maybe Roxanne's been a bit of a jerk, but it doesn't compare." "I know." He sighed, too. "I know. You know I had my own little crisis when I found out about some of the terrible things he's done. That's why I haven't pushed it. But they're still... I just..." "I'll think about it," she repeated. She considered pointing out that she was pretty sure he'd promised never to ask her to meet them, but decided against it; things had changed since then. "I promise." He exhaled heavily. "Thank you." Please note: the title of the story taken from the poem 'It sifts from Leaden Sieves' by Emily Dickinson. Thanks for reading! I hope that new readers enjoyed this and were able to follow what was going on, and that CINAS readers were not disappointed. Any reviews make me happy, though, even if it's something as simple as 'Great chapter, Beeezie! I can't wait for the next one!' Most importantly, though, thank you for reading! Edit: As of April 2015, I'm going through and editing this story. This will include edits to existing chapters, adding more Scorpius pov chapters, and eventually continuing the story. I've renamed chapters to reflect the povs, so if you want to go back and catch up on the Scorpius chapters, it should be easy to do. :) Any chapters that don't start with either "Rose. -" or "Scorpius. -" have not been edited yet, and will have likely have new chapters slotted in between them. Sorry if it's a little confusing and messy - I'm trying to finish it up quickly, so then I can continue on with the story! Branwen