quite fascinating." Harry saw Severus heading for the main door of the Hall and thanking his friends, quickly followed him. "Professor?" Harry said as he caught up to the man. Severus stopped and smirked, "Mister Potter, Minerva was to collect you on her way up to the Headmaster's office." Harry chuckled. "I'll make sure she can find me." He looked up and down the corridor before grabbing Severus's hand and pulling him into one of the nearby rooms. "I asked Hermione some questions during lunch. I didn't know one of us had to be declared," he raised one hand making air quotes, "dominant," or that we would need parents to speak for us. If it has to be blood parents we're screwed." Severus smirked, "Language Potter. In cases, such as ours, we are can select those we would like or who we believe our parents would approve of." Harry sighed in relief. "I plan to throw a wobbly until they call Mister and Missus Weasley. Who will you choose? And how do they determine who is dominant? I mean you're older, and probably stronger." "Only physically." Severus muttered before shrugging. "I would prefer Albus, but will ask Minerva as the Headmaster will most likely preside over the ceremony. As for the other, it is usually the one with the most money or the one who is magically strongest. Both of which would be you." "You knew that when you agreed, didn't you?" Harry asked, his surprise evident in his awed look. Severus just inclined his head. "Who else can perform Handfastings, other than the Headmaster? "Any one considered an elder of the community. Wizengamot members, Ministry officials, a few others." Severus answered. "Why?" Harry grinned. Because if there is someone else here the Headmaster will have to acquiesce to you wishes, won't he?" His grin grew at the look on the Potions Master's face. "What? I know some big words." Shrugging again Severus said, "Perhaps, who did you have in mind and how will you get them here in the next ten minutes?" Harry laughed. "You may have to stall for me." He dug in his pocket, bringing out a gallon, tapping it with his wand and whispering to it. Severus cleared his throat. "You do realize that Gringotts takes a rather dim view on tampering with what they consider their coins, Mister Potter. As does the Ministry." Harry's grin was almost evil. "It's fake. Hermione made them. Do you prefer the Great Hall or the Room of Requirements?" "For what?" Severus growled at the non-sequencer. "The wedding, of course." Harry looked at the man as if to ask, 'What else have we been talking about for the last ten minutes?' Severus pinched the bridge of his nose. "Mister Potter," he sighed, "what is wrong with the Headmaster's Office?" "It's not big enough." Harry said as though this should have been obvious. "Not to mention the pictures would be horrible with all those gee-gaws spinning and whirling about." "I see." Severus sighed again. "I cede that decision to you and whomever you contacted through that coin of yours." "I noticed at lunch that several people have come back early and I thought the ladies of the DA might like to plan a wedding, even if they have to do it on the fly and at speed." Harry leaned up and captured Severus' lips in a brief kiss. "I have to go. I'll let you know when we're ready." It didn't occur to Severus till after Harry left that the brat hadn't indicated how he was to know when Harry was ready. He was surprised when Minerva arrived only five minutes after he did, with the fact that Potter had begged time to get cleaned up and into more appropriate clothing. Severus glanced down at his own clothing wondering if he should suggest doing the same but he was at least neat and clean. Twenty minutes later the Headmaster answered a knock, "Come in Mister Longbottom." Neville was followed by several Slytherin prefects, most of which had arrived that morning. Severus opened his mouth but Neville was already speaking the formal words, "Professor Snape, your attendants," he gestured to those with him, "would like to escort you and your family," he gestured to the other teachers in the room, "to the festivities." The then bowed formally to the Potions Master and the Headmaster. Severus raised one eyebrow just slightly before nodding. "Thank you Mister Longbottom." He looked at Albus with a slight smirk. "Shall we, Father?" "Well…" Albus started, "I had thought…" his eyes shifted briefly to Flitwick. Severus looked down a moment. "I would prefer you, and Minerva?" he looked at the woman for her answer and received a tight smile and nod before he continued. "Is the official here, Mister Longbottom?" Neville smiled. "Yes sir, Gran was a bit surprised but is honored to preside." And that answered the question as to why Longbottom seemed to be acting as host. "And Mister Potter and his family?" "Already in the Great Hall and awaiting your arrival Sir." Answered Pansy Parkinson who then frowned at her Head of House. "I do wish you had given us a bit more time, Sir. We could have gotten you into proper robes and your hair really could use a trim." Draco sighed, "I agree but there is nothing to be done about it now." As they proceeded to the Great Hall, Severus was rather glad that he had not had time to allow his students to give him a make-over. His life was about to change enough as it was. As it turned out it changed rather more than anyone could have imagined. With the words Albus used to release Severus from his family to Harry's he also unwittingly released Severus' parole. One year later they made the bond permanent and lived happily… Well, as happily ever after as life, with all its ups and downs and highs and lows would allow. The End