should only be caring about his own skin if he wanted to fit his house's typical expectations, shouldn't he? But, somewhere along the line, Dumbledore's annoying sense of sacrifice must have rubbed off onto him. Or was pounded into me. Damn him , Severus thought. Minerva nodded. "I know you couldn't. And so—manipulative as it may seem—does Albus." "And so he's using me. Again." He sighed. "He has always asked so much that I honestly thought—" He broke off suddenly as he realised Minerva's hand was still placed over his, though he had curled it into a fist at some point; she was staring at him like few ever had. Bloody hell , what was he doing? He was a spy (and, more importantly, a man); he couldn't afford to be pouring out his frustrations to anyone, even if Minerva was likely as close as he had to a friend, and had already seen him cry. Especially since she'd seen him cry. Complaining now was—was just begging for sympathy, wasn't it? He took a breath and tried to return her gaze levelly. "It doesn't matter. It's just that I—I can't do everything," he finished, lamely. "No," she agreed. "You can't. You can't fulfil your duties here, and to Albus, and also to You-Know-Who, and still try to take on reclaiming your Slytherins by yourself. It was hard enough for you last year—" "And with Umbridge gone, there is considerably less stress—" "—from the school, yes. But with You-Know-Who out in the open, there's bound to be more to do on that front, and in dealing with the Ministry, and of course with the Order. If you intend to focus on that, Severus, something else must give." "My Slytherins, naturally," he grumbled, still annoyed. No surprise there . "If only it could be the school instead…" "Severus," Minerva started, sounding exasperated now, but he waved her away. "Only wishful thinking. I'm not going anywhere." "Good, because even if Albus hadn't outright refused the idea of your resignation, I would have," she said, smirking slightly. "And I believe procedure calls for my signature, as well." "Pulling rank? How very Slytherin of you," said Severus wearily, but he was glad they could bicker about something properly. "I won't say I wasn't considered for Slytherin." "And you ended up in Gryffindor ? The hat must have been having an off day." Minerva shrugged. "I chose it. It often leaves such decisions up to personal preference if the choice isn't always obvious—at least, so I've heard." Severus had nothing to say to this, so he settled for trying his chocolate again, glad to find that it had cooled somewhat. They sat in silence for a while, before Minerva heaved a sigh, and he raised an eyebrow questioningly. "I was just wondering when I'll know how—how many of my new Gryffindors would have been yours," she finished quietly, looking apologetic. Severus ignored the sharp pang beneath his ribs. "None, I suspect," he answered instead. "It's not your fault the Dark Lord got to them first." "No, I mean the first years," said Minerva. "Nearly all expected were present—there should have been at least some of them heading to Slytherin. But I saw...well, you remember what it was like...it's terrifying enough wondering where you'll go, with all four houses present. Can you imagine being picked to be in a house alone? It's no wonder they were frightened. I wouldn't have had the courage to stand out like that, right after arriving." "If any of them had, they likely would have really belonged in Gryffindor, anyway," Severus mumbled. "Fair enough." They lapsed into silence again, Severus eyeing the witch across from him. She seemed perfectly at ease—not at all uncomfortable in front of the house elves in her night things, nor by the quiet. He, on the other hand, felt the awkwardness of the situation creeping up on him again; he hardly knew her as more than a colleague, and yet here they were, calmly discussing matters as though they were intimate friends. He wondered vaguely whether breaking down in front of her had given her some odd sense of being closer, and why the hell he was allowing this nonsense, but his snide remark on her choice of companionship for the night was forestalled by the yawn that slipped out instead. Minerva spared him a glance that was just hard enough not to be considered pity. "You should get some sleep, Severus. It's very late." "Is it late enough for Dumbledore to have given up for the night?" he sighed, getting to his feet. "Of course. We have classes in a few hours." "That hasn't stopped him before," said Severus irritably, but it was time to leave nonetheless. He paused near the door. "Goodnight, Minerva." He didn't linger to hear her reply, but quickly discovered that she had been right; Albus was gone by the time he made it back to his quarters. Severus allowed himself a slight sigh before he headed for his bedroom, wondering just how much of this he could take before his position drove him utterly mad. At the moment, his prospects didn't look promising, and perhaps that was why he was less annoyed than he should have been by his honesty with Minerva. She had seen difficult years before; she was, if not precisely a kindred spirit, another survivor; if she could face her dragons and come out all right, he certainly could as well. Couldn't he? It was a troubling thought, and one that tormented him long past climbing into bed. He had to keep going—he had no choice—and yet, he felt horribly as though he were only trying to convince himself. He eventually drifted into an uneasy sleep, made all the worse for knowing that whatever he did, it was going to be a very difficult year indeed. Author's Note: Thanks very much for reading! As usual, I will update when I can, and comments/questions/etc. are welcome in the meantime.