her feet creating muffled thuds as they hit the cold dirt. Every once and a while she would catch a glimpse of her quarry, her target, as her silver hair glided among the trees and bushes, never for a moment stopping. Harry could feel her body reacting to the adrenaline that flooded it, the exhilaration at running was giving her Goosebumps! "I think i see some Romanian delishpixies!" The excited voice called her, beckoned her. Harry could do little to resist its call. Although Harry was a tad peeved at the circumstances to her arrival, she still couldn't help the snort of laughter that escaped when she heard the airy voice answer. For all the talk of imaginary creatures, Harry suspected that Luna used these wonderful creatures as a source comfort. A source of levity in a dark world. Harry's running was a constant rhythm, invigorated by the giggles of Luna, urging her to find the source of the lilted tinkling. Soon, the light foliage of the park began giving way to the denser brush of a forest. Harry struggled getting through the brush, her arms instinctively coming out in front of her to swat away branches and leaves that lay in the path of her destination. Suddenly, without Harry really noticing, the forest became a clearing, a circle of peace amongst the loud forest. The clearing was surrounded by dense underbrush thick enough to hide the secretive area from any unwanted eyes. In the centre of the peaceful sanctuary stood, proudly, a tall Elder tree, far taller than any other Elder that Harry had ever seen. Surrounding the bottom of the giant tree was moss, bushes and other foliage, arrayed around its mighty roots and trunk as if to hug a parent. That's where Harry found Luna laying, across the roots of nature, peering up into the stars and her namesake. The blonde Raven claw noticed Harry entered the clearing and slowly sat up against the tree trunk, smiling with wide eyes, she seemed completely unaware of the fear and annoyance she had put harry through. "Come" she said softly, her voice reverberating across the space "sit down and… Watch" Harry didn't really want to sit and, watch, whatever that meant. Really, Harry wanted to give Luna a piece of her mind about what the hell had just happened, and about why they were even out here! But there was something in her tone that caused Harrys verbal argument to simply come out as air, it was a tone of vulnerability and need . She needed Harry to sit down with her, she needed Harry. The thought caused her heart to flutter anxiously. She slowly walked towards the seated girl, her feet made soft crunches against the damp soil. Cautiously she sat beside her, and glanced over at Luna. The girl was staring up at the stars when Harry had made herself comfortable, her eyes, reflecting the sparkling lights that danced in the sky. In that moment Harry realised how lost Luna looked, she was quiet and still, not even acknowledging Harry's presence even though just moments ago it was she who hadcalled her down. "L-Luna I-I…" she didn't know what to say, all her annoyance vanished in the face of the elfin beauty's silence. Harry didn't know what to do, she wasn't exactly an expert in comforting people or even talking and socialising in general! So in lieu of anything else she simply sat with Luna, hoping her presence was at least comfort enough. The silence stretched into a few moments, then a few minutes, then five minutes, ten minutes, twenty minutes until finally with little more volume than a summers breeze, Luna spoke. "I'm sorry" Harry swallowed and gave a jerky nod at the pixie. "It's, uh, fine. I-" "I'm sorry for feeling this way" she interrupted, Those piercing Silver eyes now Spearing Harry's, causing her mouth to shut decisively. "I'm sorry for wanting to touch you, to hold you. I'm sorry" Harry couldn't help the gasp that escaped her at the girls declaration, and of the tears now gathering in her eyes. "I'm sorry fo-for watching you, s-smiling at you, for thinking you're sweet and kind a-a-and." She hiccupped the last bit, her composure dissolving. With a force of will she righted herself and stared straight into Harry's eyes. "and I'm sorry, for doing this " Harrys barely had time to react to her words before, for a second time tonight, Luna Loovegood lunged forward. But this time she wasn't aiming for Harry's arm, she was aiming for Harry's lips. Luna Loovegood kissed Harriet Potter, and Harry could only think one thing, well two things, one being 'ohmygodthisissogoodmhmhm' . And the other being, 'I don't think she's sorry at all" For the record, Luna wasn't. The End (Of the first chapter, depending if people actually like this or not so, WHO KNOWS!) If you liked this and want other people to like this, review and all my dreams will come true, maybe yours too if you're good. (seriously, reviewing is the best thing for new writers like me, i am not above whoring myself out for this) ?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/?/? BTTM here and guess what? my first fanfiction, that's what! YAY! so this is a bit of a stumbling mess but, its made with love and tears, and a weird fascination for Luna. Don't judge me. So i'm looking for betas, i guess, if you think you can improve the language and add bits to it feel free to give me a message! Other than that i just have to say, i'm a small time Author who doesn't update regularly and has spotty language at best. So not that original i guess. If you see anyplace that i missed an italics or doesn't seem quiet... Right , give me a Pm and let me know. OH! check out this story as well, it's like the better more adult version of my tiny baby story. s/11251745/1/The-Power-of-Love right, later losers.