at the head and Hermione tentatively touched it with her tongue, testing his taste on her palate. It was salty and made her mouth water for more. She reached out further to run her tongue from base to tip and elicited an audible moan from above her. This was certainly going to be entertaining, trying to make her professor come apart in front of his class. Eager for more, she grasped him at the base and took his cock fully into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the tip. His hand immediately found purchase in her tangled curls to still her head. He stiffened even further in her mouth and she could hear him nearly panting to restrain himself. Eventually, he started to move her head, fucking her mouth rhythmically as he drove further down her throat with every stroke. Hermione reached her other hand up to touch his balls but he swatted her away. Apparently that was too much stimulation for his weakening control to handle. Suddenly he tensed above her. "Yes, Mr. Hawthorne?" "Umm, sir, class ended 5 minutes ago and we need to get to transfiguration…" "THEN GET OUT!" Hermione couldn't help but giggle at the edge of desperation in his voice as the students packed up and flew from the room, the door slamming behind them. The hand in her hair tightened and he hauled her to her feet, pushing her backward onto the desk as his books and papers spilled to the floor. His mouth was on hers in seconds, teeth knocking together in their desperation to taste one another. She ran her hands over his shoulders and into his hair as she pulled him even closer to her. His hands pinned her wrists to the desk instantly. "I don't think so. It's my turn to touch now." A quick spell divested her of her bra and underwear, leaving the garters and stockings, and he circled her waist with both hands, running them up her torso until they cupped her aching breasts. Snape's head came down to one nipple, biting the tip lightly before flicking it with his wet tongue. She hissed at the brief flash of pain. "Oh, Miss Granger, don't tell me you like a little pain with your pleasure. Because that is something I think we would be most able to accommodate." Hermione thought that was probably the best suggestion she had heard in her entire life. "But first, witch I need to feel you around me." Snape reached down and inserted two fingers into her dripping center. "Fuck, did you get this wet just from sucking my cock in front of my students? Did you like the idea that they might see you with your lips around me as I fucked your hot little mouth?" She really hoped he didn't expect a response because she had lost the ability to form coherent sentences somewhere around him saying the word "fuck". All she could get out at the moment was an emphatic "Yes!" followed by her pussy clenching around his hand as he added another finger. She felt the familiar fluttering of her walls as his thumb skimmed over her tight nub. "That's it, come for me. I want to feel you all over my hand." She came hard enough to see stars and he continued pumping his fingers in and out of her until she returned to earth. Snape pulled his hand away and carefully licked his fingers clean. She leaned up to kiss him, tasting herself on his tongue, their individual flavours mixing together in her mouth. "Please, sir, I need you…" She didn't have to continue. He lined himself up and sank into her in one thrust, eliciting a groan from both of them. He paused for a moment, and Hermione took the opportunity to appreciate how perfectly he was filling her. It was almost decadent, how complete she felt. "Good God, why haven't we done this before?" She wasn't sure if the question was actually directed at her, or if he had just lost the ability to filter his thoughts. "I have no idea, but please tell me we're going to do it again," she replied as he started stroking in and out of her, pushing her further and further up the desk each time. "Miss Granger, if we ever make it to a bed, I don't believe you will be getting out of it at all for the foreseeable future." That sounded just fine to her. His pace increased and she threw her head back onto the desk as he touched a spot deep within her that cause her leg to twitch. She was going to come again, and she'd be damned if she didn't take him with her. "Severus, please, come with me," she begged, clenching her internal muscles to spur him on. He sped up his thrusting. "Fuck, yes, say it again!" "Severus!" she screamed as she fell over the edge. He gave one last thrust and she could feel him coming within her. They clung to each other on top of his desk as they came down, she naked but for her now ripped stockings, and he completely clothed except for his undone trousers. He turned his head toward her slightly. "It would appear congratulations are in order, Master Granger," he said, still catching his breath. "For my successful potion or for my stellar blow job?" He laughed loudly, the sound echoing through the classroom. "I'm fairly certain you only completed the required studies for the Potions mastery." "Well in that case, how would you feel about taking on another apprentice? I can't imagine there are many people with a triple mastery in Charms, Potions, and Sexual Gratification." "No Miss Granger, I don't believe there are. But you always were an over-achiever." She smiled up at him and placed a kiss on his lips. "Perhaps you should call me Hermione. Now why don't I show you why everyone called me a know-it-all…Master Snape." fin