Ministry, who was denied my daughter's hand for that, who went on and married a filthy muggle bitch and had a squib son... and you." The old man's -Lord Selwyn's- rage echoed against the walls in his amplified voice and Dolores gulped. "The same Orford Umbridge that you made vanish, along with all those stupid enough to ask you about him - good job by the way." More silence followed, for over ten minutes. And then... "Which brings us to our current predicament, Halfblood. I without an heir and too old to make another, you with your false claims of relation to my House. Both of us with a revenge to take, and supporters of similar beliefs. Do you understand, Halfblood?" "Yes." Dolores Umbridge said, only her sixth word in the past half-hour. Inwardly, she was rather pleased with how her abduction had turned out. xxxx Bartemious Crouch apparated to the limits of his old manor's Anti-Disapparation Jinx with barely a sound and started walking towards it at a swift pace. His eyes did not linger on the small muggle village he went through, not being the least bit curious about the comings and goings of the three hundred or so filthy muggles that lived less than a mile from his family's ancestral home. He had far more important things to do than reiterating his disgust at the nonmagicals, or seeing his already low expectations of them fall even lower. For one thing, he had to mentally prepare himself for the World Cup. As one of the Ministry's few people with enough talent in Charms to personally create Portkeys as well as being the Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation, he'd soon have to leave England and travel all over the world, setting up thousands of Portkeys spread over five continents. And that was no mean feat, if he said so himself. Unfortunately, his carefully arranged travel plans might soon be upset by other issues. Cornelius Fudge's inability to continue as Minister would barely affect the preparations for the World Cup, but have far more greater impact on the upcoming Triwizard Tournament. While Durmstrang and Beauxbatons had already agreed to participate in the revival, hardly anything else had been decided. Unless Fudge's replacement was actually competent, the negotiations would be left up to that inexcusable idiot, Bagman. It could not be helped; he simply couldn't coordinate the arrivals of a hundred thousand foreign wizards while also dealing with another major undertaking. Personally, he was hoping for Amelia Bones to take Fudge's place. Not only was she competent enough for the job, if a bit too soft for his liking, but Dumbledore would owe him several favors for his support. The old sorcerer was burning quite a bit of political capital to get his preferred candidate in place for... "Excuse me, sir!" A too young, too high-pitched, worried voice said. "Could you help me? I am looking for my father and..." "I am sorry miss, but I cannot help you." Of course he couldn't. She was muggle, obviously a tourist, and indecently dressed in a too-short, white cotton blouse and a pair of jeans cut so far above the knee they might as well be knickers. They were certainly tight enough. The whole image insulted his sensibilities, his traditions, and his sense of propriety to such an extent that only his strict adherence to the Statute of Secrecy prevented the blonde girl from being Cruciated on the spot. "But sir!" The girl was persistent, and whiny. He bounced after him in her sandals, searching that garish orange satchel of hers for something. Probably muggle money; she thought she could buy his compliance; typicaly muggle. "My father has been missing for a long time and nobody will help me find him!" "Of course not!" He finally shot back, his patience at an end. "You're what, twenty-five? Twenty-seven? How does someone at your age misplace a family member, woman? Tourists!" The girl stood there, poleaxed. And she was a girl; stronger evidence at how slowly muggles matured compared to wizards he'd never seen. Maybe she was from the Colonies. The muggles at the other side of the pond appeared to be especially immature. "Grow up, stop behaving like a five-year old, and maybe someone will finally help you. Good day!" He turned around to continue on his way, paying no more attention to the stupid muggle girl. "Imperio!" "Good, old prejudice does make one blind, does it not?" The girl said sweetly as she strutted into his field of vision while he tried to fight off the mind-numbing Nirvana of the Imperius Curse. She'd finally found what she'd been searching for in that ugly bag of hers, and it was a wand. She fixed him with large, almond-shaped, lavender eyes, then came closer and draped herself all over him. "For your information, Crouch, I am forty-three. And my cousin is not the only member of my family with a NEWT in Muggle Studies. How do you think the anti-muggleborn expeditions I led were so very successful?" She whispered in his ear as he stood there rigidly, then giggled. "Plus I am looking for someone, though he's not quite a father to me. Still close enough to confuse any warning charms you might have had, no? And since I was not planning to hurt you just yet, a Cave Inimicum spell would not have detected a threat, see?" Then she playfully licked his ear and he shuddered. But her Imperius Curse was too strong for him to fight. "And now Crouch, be a good boy and invite me through your house's defenses, will you?" A very well disguised Bellatrix Lestrange commanded and he had to obey. "We are going to have a good time, you and I, before I leave for the continent. Why, you'll so enjoy yourself you'll make me a Portkey to Albania free of charge. You might even come with me; the Dark Lord likes presents so very much."