hurt him if he had touched them, or fiddled with them," Andromeda said. "So I warded the door against him. Ah, here it is, Dora." She raised her wand, illuminating something wrapped in a cloth. Nymphadora picked up it, the cloth slipping off to reveal an empty frame, and Andromeda nodded to her to go ahead. "Uh, Narcissa?" Nymphadora said awkwardly, and Rigel's eyes widened in the wandlight as Narcissa's blond head first faded into the frame. "I just need you to let your living counterpart know that Rab and I and the babies are safe. And that I love her." The portrait of Narcissa smirked slightly. "No emergency to report this time?" "This time?" Dora said in confusion. "No..." "Good," said the portrait, fading from the frame once more. Andromeda gave a small laugh. "I contacted Narcissa with that portrait when Cygnus kidnapped you," she explained. "That's what it means." Nymphadora was about to speak when there was a sudden crash, and a pile of boxes behind Andromeda fell over. Andromeda turned, then realised what had happened. "Delphi!" she scolded. "Don't touch!" The grin didn't leave the child's face even as she was scolded, Delphi twisting in the witch's arms to see what she'd done. Andromeda sighed, waving her wand to right everything, then walked forward, out of the attic. She stopped short, seeing the dark-haired man leaning against the wall a few feet away as she stepped out of the room. "Rab?" Dora said softly, slipping past Andromeda to see him clearly. "What is it?" "Come with me," Rabastan told her, holding out his hand. She took his hand without question, leaning into his side as they walked back toward her old room. She set Rigel down on his cot, the child sitting up and watching them curiously. "There's a portrait Andromeda has that's connected to Malfoy Manor," Nymphadora told her husband. "I just let Narcissa know that we're all safe." "Safe? No," Rabastan said. "Nymphadora, you and Rigel and I are leaving here tomorrow." Nymphadora frowned, and he grabbed her by the wrist, staring her straight in the eyes. "No, we are not taking Delphi with us, and no, the blood-traitor will not go with us. You've tried my patience long enough, Nymphadora." Nymphadora felt the roots of her hair turn bright red, then snapped, "I will not leave Delphi here! I—" She reeled slightly as Rabastan struck her across the mouth. "Rab!" she yelled in anger and pain. "Stop it! You're being unreasonable!" Rabastan glared at her. "Unreasonable?" he growled. "You said I don't have to accept this, and by Merlin, I'm not going to. We are leaving, Nymphadora." The second she opened her mouth to speak, he grabbed her by both wrists and drew her much too close for comfort. "Rab, please," she said, raising her head to look into his dark, angry eyes. "Give her a chance—" A spell crackled from the man's hands into her body, and Dora screeched in pain for a moment before groaning, writhing in her husband's grasp. "Rabastan!" she shrieked, clenching her fists to keep herself from crying out again. He slammed her against the wall, her head hitting the hard surface and making her groan. "You will not question my decisions!" he shouted at her even as she continued to struggle. "You will obey me, Nymphadora, and leave the brat here with that blood-traitor filth!" A scream escaped Nymphadora as the Curse intensified. "You will be an obedient wife and mother," Rabastan yelled at her, madness raging in his eyes as he shook her violently. "You will not show me the stubborn attitude I have been seeing recently!" "You sound like your brother!" Nymphadora shrieked, tears running down her face as she fought him. "Stop it!" Rabastan stared at her for a moment, the magic dying out of his touch. Her body trembled in his grasp, Dora staring at her husband with tears streaming from her eyes. She didn't speak, afraid that he would continue the torture. "Well?" Rabastan said, staring at her coldly. "I—I—" Dora breathed, shuddering with pain. "Perhaps you need tonight to think about it?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. "Or are you just being stubborn?" A sob escaped the witch as she watched the man, unable to answer. She felt magic crackle in his hands again and cried, "No, Rab, please! Don't do it again! I'll—" Both adults turned, hearing their son cry, "Mum! Mumma!" Nymphadora stared at the child, who stood holding onto the bars of his cot, tears in his beautiful brown eyes. "Rab," she whispered, but he ignored her, pushing her from himself and walking across the room toward the little boy. The witch slid down the wall, trying to control her breathing as she watched Rabastan take Rigel from the cot. She wrapped her arms around her knees, tears still running down her face. Now, more than ever, she need Narcissa's wise counsel. Rabastan held his son close, murmuring to him softly before sitting on the floor with him to play. Rigel seemed to be happier now that his mother wasn't shrieking and crying, the boy glad to play with his father. Dora waited a moment, then painfully got to her feet, walking to the door. It was only when the ward rejected her that she realised Rabastan had locked her in the room. Rabastan glanced at her when she turned to him, hurt and angry. "You will not go crying to Andromeda," he said. "You are not leaving this room until I think you're ready." Nymphadora just stared at him, shocked at his behaviour. She crept to the bed and curled up on it, clenching her fists as she struggled to calm herself. She distracted herself by thinking of what Bellatrix would do to Rabastan if she'd known what he had done. It was almost laughable, though her heart hurt. Dora sniffed, rubbing her faded Mark as she thought of her mother. She didn't know what would happen now.