shone through his mask, challenging her. "This is how it's done, love," he said, too familiar in Hermione's opinion. "We've all done it." When he found no more protest, he unclasped her cloak, which fell to the floor, exposing her slender frame in her nude lace lingerie. He backed up from Hermione, and continued his circle around her, looking at every inch of her exposed flesh. Hermione expected jeers or some kind of reaction from the crowd, but they stayed respectfully quiet. He backed up, and addressed the crowd. "Should we accept this new pledge?" A murmur of assent from the crowd broke the silence. "Very well," he said, and stood behind her, his hand making contact with her waist. "I name this pledge Persephone ." Yet another murmur came from the crowd, and Hermione looked around her to see hooded figures talking quietly to themselves. Some of them smiled, some of them gaped. What would her name matter? The Leader spoke over the crowd. "Persephone needs a tutor in our ways. Who will volunteer?" Hermione listened a moment for someone to speak up. But none did. Her heart hammered—why were they silent? What would happen if no one would speak for her? Did that mean she would have to leave? "None shall take this pledge?" His voice sounded playful, taunting almost. Hermione was missing something, she knew in her core. "Then I shall take this pledge, unless there are any objections," he said, pausing so briefly, Hermione was sure he already knew there would be none. With her mouth agape, the Leader took Hermione's hand, and addressed the crowd. "The night is yours," he said, and they all began to mingle, finding partners for the evening. Hermione watched as pairs of two, three, and even a few pairs of four, walked off in different directions, and began disappearing through hallways and doors to the many private quarters that peppered the great estate. Hermione looked around for Parvati, but could not pick her out from the crowd of black robes. She felt a sense of panic as the Leader's broad hand gripped hers firmly but gently, and began to tug her back to his attention. "Now, Persephone, let's get you to someplace more comfortable than this cold hall," he said, and without waiting for her reply, he pulled her along with him, up a winding flight of stairs and down a long corridor. When her senses came back to her, Hermione yanked her hand from the enigmatic Leader's, and she shot him a dangerous look. "I'll go nowhere with you." "But my dear Persephone, you don't even know me, how can you object already," he said, tauntingly. "I know who you are under that mask," she said, drawing her arms around her bare waist. "I would rather sleep with a chimera." He closed the distance between them, his footsteps echoing on the stone floor of the hall, and placed his hands on her upper arms, and held her firmly. "Who I am under this mask means nothing. None has spoken for you, so you are mine for the night. You've been given a name, and now you're one of us." Hermione stayed put. She shook so much, she was sure her anger was coming off her in waves. "I am not yours, Malfoy ," she said, spitting his name at him, knowing she was breaking a rule. This seemed to enliven him, and he pulled her to him quickly, cutting her off with his lips pressed against her. With her arms crossed around her waist, Hermione had difficulty resisting him, but resist she did. But in her resistance, she still was struck by how warm, soft and exploratory his kiss was. A spark within her enjoyed it, and it disgusted her. "No names, dear, or I am afraid I'll have to start your education with a hard lesson." "I thought consent was big here ," Hermione spat. Lucius Malfoy chuckled. "Oh it is, dear. This is an education you'll be begging for." The two were at an impasse. Malfoy leaned down and crooned into her ear. "Forget who I am under this mask. Forget the horrible things I've done—I assure you, I know they are horrible—and let me show you how to appreciate your body. That's what you're here for, isn't it? No one is going to force you." Lucius backed up from Hermione, lowered his hood so his mane of white hair showed, and walked backwards towards the room at the end of the hall. Hermione looked at the self-assured former Death Eater, and a sickness in the pit of her stomach grew. It felt almost as if she were looking in on herself from the outside and couldn't recognize who she was, standing there nearly naked in lingerie that probably cost a thousand pounds in total, if she converted galleons to Muggle money. It was enough to snap Hermione back to her senses. She wanted freedom from her pain at losing Ron, but not like this. Not by crawling into bed with a snake. "I want nothing to do with you people," she said, and started walking down the hallway, ready to Disapparate when she reached the grounds. Hermione could practically see his smile in his voice as he called out to her back, "You're one of us now," he called. "It's not that easy. When you're ready, though, Persephone, I'll be waiting." Hermione kicked off her nude pumps, and snapped them up under her arm. She ran through the great hall, and snatched her cloak as she ran, Disapparating the second her feet touched the grass. After she reached her flat, she threw her shoes and cloak to the ground and stormed off to her bedroom, where she stood shaking and clenching her fists for thirty straight minutes. She wasn't sure what she was angry at. Lucius Malfoy, for offering to be her first within the Society, or herself, and for wanting it just a little bit.