probably deserved it more. Maybe if he got the chance, he would ask the headmistress to consider Hermione as a candidate next time. Dear Ron That's amazing! I would have loved the opportunity to do something like this. Not only could it broaden your mind and expose you to wizard culture outside of Europe, It's a really good chance to make foreign allies. I've read about Guadalupe and while there's not a lot of solid information on it. I do know that the headmistress there, Anais Renaissance is a friend of Dumbledore's. Apparently she got a lot of backlash for founding a school just for werewolves, and Dumbledore is one of the few that support her. Seems that most governments, especially our Ministry is against letting werewolves gather like that because of the whole business with Fenrir. Maybe they think she's creating an army of werewolves to overthrow Congress. Just like Dumbledore was supposedly building an army of students? Anyways, you must keep me updated on everything you learn over there. I wonder if they offer classes there that Hogwarts doesn't? -Hermione He procrastinated writing to Harry until the last minute. Not knowing where they stood in their friendship currently made Ron weary. He knew if he didn't send a letter, that if Harry had to hear it from Hermione, it would be a disaster. If last summer taught Ron anything, it's that Harry hated being kept in the dark. Which is why it was a little hypocritical for him to be doing it to Ron, but whatever. The letter ended up being extremely short, and hastiness extremely evident. Dear Harry I got accepted into an Exchange program. I'm going to America for the whole school year. I'll write, hopefully you'll write me back. See you at Christmas. -Ron He sent it off last night right before bed. Now, with just an hour or so before he was due to touch the portkey, it looked like he wouldn't get a response. Which was fine, he didn't want to know what Harry thought of this at this point. He got up showered without resistance since the rest of the house was asleep. Then had a minor crisis about what to wear when he arrived. He sort of wanted something that covered the scars on his arms, but it was June, and he heard America was much hotter than England. Most of his muggle clothing was exactly like the rest of his wardrobe, hand-me-downs with holes, stains of forgotten origin and faded colors. He put on his favorite T-shirt. It was light orange with white letters that spelled out some tourist spot he'd never visited. It was faded, but had no stains or holes, and the cloth was soft and breezy. With jeans, he had a choice between too short or rips on the knees. He chose rips on the knees. There would be no making a first impression that didn't scream obvious poverty. Oh well, might as well get that over with right upon arrival. Everything in the open, scars, money, he'd find out sooner than later what kind of people he was dealing with. He went downstairs to find his mother cooking pancakes. She was busting with pride and giddiness. She showered him in kisses and praise and Ron found himself glad the twins were not present. His father was there, he simply gave Ron an encouraging smile and sat down to eat with him. Ron ate pancakes until he felt sick, then sat at the table tapping his fingers in anxiousness. His head hurt, and the lack of sleep had his body feeling weak and achy. Ginny did not make an appearance, and Ron pretended that he didn't care. Aetius the Eagle appeared suddenly with a cracked coffee mug. Dropping it on the table as he had done with the letters. He eyed Ron and waited. Ron had started thinking of the bird as a very irritated and impatient teacher. "OK, ok, I know, I'm ready. See?" The hoisted his bag over his shoulder. Aetius looked unimpressed. With just a minute left on the clock, his father said, arm around his wife, "We love you son. I'm proud of you." Ron felt his chest fill up with warmth, and thanked Merlin again that his dad was still here. "We'll see you at Christmas!" His mother added, teary eyed. "Thanks, I'm..." He tried to think of what say, that would sounds genuine. The coffee mug started to glow. "I love you too!" He got out quickly and grabbed the portkey. When Ron landed, the first thing he noticed was that he seemed to be in a room at some sort of inn. The second thing he noticed was the girl, sitting on the edge of one of two double beds. She had beautiful light green eyes, which were looking at him with a sense of surprise. Her skin was a shade or two darker than terracotta, and dark tight curls framed her face and tumbled down well past her shoulders to her mid back. She was wearing short, pink striped pajama pants and a black t-shirt. Oh no, no, oh fuck! Just a few seconds after reaching arriving in America and he'd already done something inexplicably magical in front of a muggle. What kind of international trial would he face for this? His dad- it was the flying car incident all over again. Why would the portkey send him-? "Joshua!" The girl suddenly shouted, cutting through Ron's silent panic attack. A boy popped his head into the room from a door in the back. He had a toothbrush in his mouth and toothpaste on his lips. His hair was light brown and disheveled, a bit longer on the top then the sides. His skin was light and clear, and he had a squared jaw. "He's here!" She turned back to him. "Hi, Ronald, I'm Tony." She smiled brilliantly. AN: Please read an review guys, this is only my second fic.