life." The crowd screamed, and so did McGonagall. "Mr. Sharpe!" "Sorry Headmistress, but you know how I can't resist joshing my mates. It's almost a tradition at this point." "Mr. Sharpe, the game!" "Right, yeah, the game. Where are we then?" A pause. "Ah, I see. My lovely assistant Magnus has assured me that nothing of interest has occurred, other than the fact that Ravenclaw has managed to bag a goal in retaliation to my, and I quote, 'sick burn' . What does that even mean? Where did this phrase come from?" There was a moment of muffled silence, and then, "America? Ah, well that makes sense now. Or does it?" "Mr. Sharpe I'm warning you!" I couldn't see McGonagall, but I imagined her sitting behind Silas, her face screwed up with barely repressed anger. "And now Geraldson has the quaffle, passes it to Davis, then to Mickelson after she does one of those eccentric evasive maneuvers her captain Pucey likes to pull off… what was it again? The Confused Aeronaut? The Writhing Snake? Well, whatever the case, I'm way behind on my calling and by the sound of cheering way off in the Ravenclaw quarters I'd say Mickelson somehow managed to score another goal… which isn't a big surprise considering that Slytherin keeper Miles Meek is currently struggling to extricate himself and his broomstick from one of the goal posts. Heavens what a pickle." The game continued to be exciting although Slytherin wasn't doing very well. It was almost impossible for me not to be drawn in by the game of Quidditch, even when it was being played badly. "Whoops, that was a phenomenal drop there by Slytherin chaser Ptolemy Higgins. That reminds me of the time my brother dropped his fish in a baggie on the way home from a carnival a few years back. He had already given the poor gold fish up for dead before the blighter hit the ground, but lucky for him my father was there to catch it, much like Charles Walters has managed to catch the quaffle for his fellow chaser. A stunning goal ends the play on a happy note, unlike my story with the fish, which sadly ends up in the toilet. Now the score is 60 points to 20, Ravenclaw in the lead and still no sign of that pesky little snitch…" On and on it went. The embellishments got grander and far more interesting than the match turned out to be, and by the end of it, Ravenclaw caught the snitch, ending the game 220 to 50. It was a phenomenal whooping, and although the faces of many of my fellow Slytherins were glum I found that I rather enjoyed my first Quidditch experience. Fortunately for me, it turned out that flying was not the only subject that I had a lot of promise in. Like my sister, I was a natural at many of the subjects, but it turned out that I had a special gift for Transfiguration while she excelled at Defense Against the Dark Arts. I rather enjoyed the idea that someday I too could transform myself into an animal and explore the world in a new way. I also thought charms was rather fun, which made those class periods far more enjoyable than anything else. As somewhat of a perfectionist, I found that I took classes a little more seriously than many of my fellow first years. I was typically among the first to finish my homework and readings, and I was far more creative with my note taking than most, if only because I used pens and pencils instead of unwieldy quills. Although some professors seemed to eye me a little sternly when I set my quill aside, a few of my fellow first years were mesmerized by my gel pens. Kiki tended to watch me intently while I took notes during History of Magic, although I'm sure it was mostly because she hated Professor Binns. I typically shared my notes from class with her and she helped me with Potions, which I appreciated immensely. But even with the one boring class, compared to normal school subjects like maths, English, and history, learning magic was a genuine pleasure. I never tired of doing homework. Kiki, Clementine, and I routinely got together to practice spells and study, and we even went so far as to practice spells for our own pleasure. Kiki had brought a few of her brothers' old textbooks to peruse, and we tried to practice some of the more complicated spells, even if they didn't work. The school term came to an end far more quickly than I ever could have imagined, with Hufflepuff pulling through with a surprise win at the very end of the Quidditch season and winning the house cup. Gryffindor came in second, and Slytherin third thanks to a lot of top marks in lessons. I said goodbye to Hogwarts and it's beautiful grounds with great sadness, but as the train pulled away from the station and started on its way back to King's Cross, I thought about my wonderful first year. While there were those people who refused to associate with Slytherins, I still made a lot of good friends throughout the year. I believed that Kiki and Clementine would be friends for life, and we'd already exchanged addresses with promises of sending letters over the summer. I'd also learned loads of magic, which I felt loath to depart from during summer break. It was the hardest thing in the world to put my wand in my purse on my way onto the train and know that I wouldn't be able to use it properly for almost three months. I watched the clouds rolling by and was hard pressed to hold back a smile. If there was one thing I could say for certain, it was this: Hogwarts had become something of a home, and there was nothing now that could remove it from my heart.