down, with a wave of his wand a second chair appeared just like the first night. Lupin fetched the tray of tea that was sitting waiting on the side board and brought it over to the small table that was now sitting between the two armchairs. Lupin sat in the second chair and poured Sirius a cup of tea after handing it to the man remus conjured a second cup and filled it with tea for himself, he picked it up and sat back in his chair. they drank their tea and lupin explained all that had happened since Sirius fell into the veil while Sirius listened in silence. After that he described in detail what Dumbledore was planning. When he had finished Sirius put down his mug and leant forward before replying "Well, it's a good plan I have to admit that, and it's certainly the sort of plan that only Dumbledore could concoct,." Lupin interrupted "You mean utterly bonkers, not a chance in hell of working, yet somehow it comes off without a hitch?" "That's exactly what I mean" Sirius agreed grinning. " But" he continued " I don't like the idea of going to a different part of the country and I certainly don't like the idea of not being able to see you till after the war either" "I know I don't like it any more hat you do" Lupin agreed " but you cant stay around here," "I don't see why not if everyone thinks I'm dead it should be safe" Lupin signed " because a man looking somewhat like the supposedly dead Sirius black wandering round London, where his family home is known to be, would be suspicious, however a man looking somewhat like the supposedly dead Sirius black wandering round a far away part of the country would be at most and interesting curiosity. , and there are plenty of order cells doing very important work all over England, here's no need for you to stay here, you can Be just as much help working with one of the other cells as you would be with the head cell in London." "You're reason enough for me to stay" "I won't be in London much longer I have my own assignments. . And anyway I'm afraid Dumbledore as usual is sensible to ban us from seeing each other for now," "Why" Sirius demanded almost petulantly " the same reason as the location, it would make for too much of a risk that people could recognise you as you. a man who looks like the supposedly dead Sirius black hanging around with blacks old school friend would be very suspicious, this is the only way to both keep you safe and enable you to help." Sirius didn't look convinced so Remus added " It will be alright, I promise. We Will beat Voldemort and then We will be together again once the war is over." Sirius looked extremely thoughtful for a moment as if something remus had said had struck a nerve. Remus was just about to say something more when Sirius spoke "Alright" he sighed ". I know your right even though I still don't like it" he paused then carried on speaking . "And your much more than just an old school friend Remus you know that" "Yes I do" he conceded smiling and reaching out to stroke Sirius's cheek . "But nobody else does" "Well I think it is time that they did" Sirius replied determinedly catching Remus hand and holding it pressed against his face for a moment before allowing Remus to draw it back to his side. Remus did a double take and leant forward towards sirius "What do you mean? Are you considering going public?!" "Not considering, decided" "You've always been so adamant about keeping our relationship secret" "I know I have, but I have relived a lot of memories in that blasted veil and I have come to realise that I was a fool for ever hiding us" "Wow" said Remus somewhat stunned " I have to admit I often wondered if perhaps you were ashamed for people to know you were dating a werewolf" "I'm so sorry you event felt that way. I'm not ashamed to be with you and I never have been, and I was wrong to have acted as if I were. To be honest I don't know why I wanted to keep it a secret. I should have shouted it from the Hogwarts castle roof the day I fell in love with you and I'm terribly sorry that I didn't." "I forgive you" Remus grinned "But I must admit I would have liked to see you shouting from the castle roof." "I bet you would" " but knowing you you would've fallen off and landed yourself in the hospital wing" remus chuckled. "most likely" Sirius replied smiling. Then his face straightened out and he looked Remus straight in the eyes "I promise you Remus, the very day this wretched war is over I will come back to you and I will make everybody very much aware of quite how much you mean to me" "You don't have to do that" "I want to." Sirius insisted " You mean more than the world to me and I want everyone to know it." "Alright then, I shall await that day eagerly, Although perhaps you should stay off the roof I don't want you falling and getting hurt." Sirius chuckled then yanked lupin off his chair and onto his lap where he wrapped the man into a tender hug. then he leant his head forwards and kissed him soundly. When they broke apart Remus smiled serenely at Sirius and Sirius smiled back, they stayed squashed together in the one chair for some time silently enjoying each other's company. After almost an hour lupin sent Sirius off to get a shower and dispatched a Patronus to professor Dumbledore. it was time to put the plan into action.