hidden behind eyelids. "I want to ride you." She rested her hands over his arms, rocking front to back. Trying out a few different movements to get the hang of their position. There was a first time for everything, wasn't there? "I'm no prized horse." His eyes glinting with amusement as a giggle emanated from her. His heart soared at the sound, there wasn't a damned thing he loved more than that sound. Her eyes held an intense shine from the moonlight that came pouring in. He couldnt take his eyes off of her; her face pinched up in pleasure as he thrust into her. She hadn't been expecting that in the moment. "Sure you aren't." She bit out in humor. Shaking her head a bit at the man she rode, most could second guess that statement with his stamina. She steadied herself on him, pressing her hands into his shoulders as she fucked him with a brutal pace. Relishing in the feeling of fullness that he gave her. "Fuck!" He hissed out and moved in tempo with her hips. He was left without mercy as she gained closer to her impending orgasm. He was more than happy to help her achieve that goal, one hand slowly moving between them to find her clit. Rubbing it with carefully applied pressure, her body trembling in his arms, and her nails digging into his shoulders as she rode her orgasm to its full potential. Black spots filling her vision as she clung to him, his pace slowed, letting her afterglow take its place. Feather soft kisses were being placed on to her shoulder as he pulled out of her. Laying her flat across the table as he kissed his way up to her inner thighs. Getting just close enough to tease the thought of him being exactly where she wanted him but far enough to make her whimper and beg for it first. "Please, Sirius, don't tease me. Not tonight." She begged him in a voice that spoke volumes of the innocence she could possess. Her hands reaching down to lock with his. Her chest heaving as he dipped his head in between her thighs, his tongue circling her clit, which left her squeezing his hands tightly. Pulling one of his hands free to sink into her dripping wet heat, slipping two fingers into her before setting a quick speed. Humming lightly as he sucked on her clit, the vibrations leaving her eyes rolling into the back of her head. "Siri, just fuck me, I need you, now." She said darkly, giving a tug to the hand she still held, but he wasn't quick to give in to her request. His tongue broadly lapping at her more than sex. Her persistent tugging had him pulling back as she neared her next orgasm. "You know, if you keep pulling at me I will leave you just like this…" He trailed off as he eyed her needy body, her back arching up at his fingers kept working. Pleading whimpers met his words as she rocked her hips into his waiting fingers. He leaned closer to her, pinning her wrist above her head. Quickly pulling his fingers from her, pushing himself inside of her, and moving her other hand into the hold her other wrist was stuck in. His hair sticking to the back of his neck and his face as he fucked her deeply, the sounds of skin hitting skin fell on their ears as he pounded into her. He didn't give a damn who heard at this point, he needed her and he needed her now . His thumb ghosting over her overstimulated clit while he held her as still as he could. His name fell repeatedly from her lips, the syllables rolling off in desperate prayers of love. His head rested against her breasts as he came inside of her, hips moving in jerking flexes as he spent himself. Her fingers running up and down his back as he laid over her with his legs supporting most of his weight. "Well that wasn't what I was expecting tonight." She could help but laugh at the comment, caressing the panels of his back slowly, the mood of the room lifting brightly. The both of them catching their breath while holding each other close, an ache forming from the odd angles her legs were forced into. "Neither was I. You weren't in bed. I worry. Now take me to bed because if I wasn't exhausted earlier, I surely am now." She gave him a playful shove to stand up so that she herself could get up. He kept her steady as she stood on shaking legs, a satisfied smirk flashed across his face as he lifted her up and over his shoulder. A delayed yelp came out. Grabbing their clothing before making his way quietly up the stairs, aside from her tired giggles as she bounced with every step. "I could've walked you know!" She whisper-yelled at him as he sat her down on to the bed, tossing the dirty clothes off to the side as he faced her. A devilish smile worked its way over his features as he climbed on to the bed, hovering over her. "You seemed to be having some trouble. Maybe that's just more means for me to fuck you until you can't." He kissed her tenderly as her face gave away the shock he gave her. It sounded so deliciously crude coming from him and it ignited her insides, a hungry fire spreading through her tired body. "If you insist." She grinned up at him. So that was my first Sirius x Fem!Harry fic I've ever written, the first Fem!Harry ever for me as well, I think it went surprisingly well. Maybe a few blips here and there but it's a foundation to what will come later! I hope you enjoyed it, leave a review and I hope you continue to find something to love in my work!