his thoughts. "Sorry," he blushed. "You were saying?" Hermione pouted. She had been talking for at least ten minutes, only to find that Draco had completely blanked out. "I was saying a lot of things earlier," she said in mock annoyance. "But the last thing I asked was if you've finally thought about who you're marrying." "Of course, Granger," he scoffed. "What do you take me for?" "Oh," was all she could say, as she turned her gaze back at the lake and tucked a wayward strand of hair behind her ear to hide her disappointment. Since the announcement, she had hoped that Draco would consider asking her. Although they weren't involved romantically, she always felt they had something going for them, if they only gave it a try. "I suppose it's one of those women who have sent you their proposal and portfolio?" "Nah, she's different," he sighed dreamily, as he laid on the picnic blanket and placed both hands behind his head. "She's just… not like the rest." "I appreciate you breaking it down for me so I could better understand what different means," she glanced at him, and wrinkled her nose. "So who is she?" Draco raised an eyebrow at her. "Yes or no questions only, Granger." "You're annoying," the feisty Gryffindor said, rolling her eyes at him. If there's anyone who dared push her, it was this man lying beside her. Draco knew how incredibly impatient she was, yet it didn't stop him from stalling information. She huffed. "Alright. Do I know her?" "Yes," he smiled with his eyes closed. "Have I met her?" "Yes" "Does she work at -" "Oh come on, Granger," he groaned. "Surely you must have other questions in mind." "I do," she said impatiently. "But they're not answerable by yes or no." "Tough luck then," he smirked. "Have you slept with her?" she asked quietly. He sighed, thinking back at the nights they had to share a room in the Order headquarters, or when they were on the run. He smirked. "Yes. Lots of times." "Oh," was again her only response. "She snores," he offered. "Eew!" she giggled. "What a turn off!" "Not really," he said as he sat up and stretched. "She does this really soft kind of snore when she's tired." "I'll bet," Hermione said, keeping her eyes on the lake and praying to Merlin her tears won't betray her. She hated herself for asking. "Do you have any more questions, Granger?" "Yes. Just one more," she responded, biting her lower lip to keep it from quivering. "Do you love her?" Draco felt his heart pound in his chest, and his hands suddenly felt clammy. This was it, he thought. He was going for the kill. After all, what else has he got to lose? "Granger," he said, inching his way closer to where she sat. "Please don't hate me." She looked at him and frowned. "Huh?" Taking her left hand in his, he fished out his mother's emerald engagement ring and placed it on her hand. Draco felt her shiver when the cool metal touched her warm palm. "That's the Malfoy engagement ring. It's been handed down from one generation to the next. Mother finally passed it on to me this morning," he said matter-of-factly. "Now before you say anything, please hear me out." Hermione turned to face the debonair Pureblood, her eyes glossy with tears. He took her hand and kissed it before clearing his throat. "Here's my heart, Granger. You have it in your hand, and I promise that you're the first and the last to ever touch it. You need to be careful with it because it's more fragile than I thought. If you try and give it back, well, I'm not taking it," he laughed nervously, and wiped the tears that were now streaming the lovely Gryffindor's face. "I don't know enough about love to know for sure that this is or what it is between us, but what I do know is that for me, it's you and only you from here on out. I can only promise not to push you away. You know, life without you is doable, but if I had a choice, I'd want to live it with you by my side. I promise you that I'm not running from the work it takes to make that happen. Granger, I'm not scared of us now. What do you say? Will you marry me?" "I don't remember sleeping with you," she sobbed. "Unless you took advantage of me when I was drunk in my apartment?" He rolled his eyes. "We slept together lots of times in Grimmauld and on the run. Come on, Granger, you weren't specific." "I don't snore either," she sobbed again. "Of course you do," he said tenderly. "It's the most peaceful and comforting sound I've ever heard." "I love you, you know," she said and he froze on the spot. "I love you because you question my every move, I love you because you annoy me, and I love you because you take your shoes off for me so I can use them. I didn't want to admit it before because I was afraid you don't feel the same way." "So Granger, you haven't answered my question," he teased. "Yes, Mr. Malfoy," Hermione laughed between her tears. "I will marry you." @@@ Epilogue : "Cissy went all out," Hermione said, as she swayed with her husband on the dance floor. "I've always wanted to marry in a castle, and she did an amazing job." "Of course she'll go all out. You're a Malfoy now, and Malfoys-" "Deserve the best," she completed for him. "I'm so glad we made the deadline." "We haven't yet, love. There's still that baby project we need to work on," he teased, making her blush. "For now though, it's you, me and this Ministry Decree." "Thank Merlin for that!" she laughed, as she pulled her husband in for a kiss. The End.