her glass in the first place. "You are so dodgy," she repeated. "How did that -" she waved her hands vaguely and made a face - "happen and you still managed to insist with a semi-straight face that you weren't into her?" "I - I didn't - it's just a thing that happened, I didn't think about it. What else was I supposed to do?" She stretched her arms over her head. "It will never cease to amaze me how good Gryffindors - who are supposed to be brave - are at denial. You turn it into a fucking art form." He opened his mouth to object, and then closed it again. When she put it that way, she wasn't really wrong. "Yeah," she said. "I thought so." "I do like her," he muttered. "As a person, I mean." "Yeah, I know. The first things you said about her were that she's funny, smart, her eyes sparkle when she laughs, and she fills up a room." "How did you-" "I forget nothing. I'll give this to you - you don't just want to take her into your bedroom, lock the door, and give her the best night of her life. You also want to make her dinner afterwards." "The best night of her life?" "I said that you wanted that, not that you're capable of it. I don't know how you are in bed, and I don't want to know. No offense," she added as an afterthought. "None taken." They'd kissed once after they'd both had far too much to drink at the end of their sixth year, and had immediately agreed to never repeat the experience. "Does that make me less creepy?" She considered that for a moment. "Marginally. You still really shouldn't do anything about it yet, though." He made a face, and she grinned. "Oh, calm down. She's too busy creating havoc to start really dating anyone, and besides, she had an adorable little crush on you at school. I doubt it's changed." He jerked back. "No she didn't!" Johanna snorted. "Oh, please. Fit family friend who's just older enough to not be a peer but not too old to have no common ground? Who's nice, supportive, never remotely pushy, and always has time for her? Of course she did." "That's actually not very comforting." "Well, maybe her adorable little crush will evolve into wanting you to put your hands all over her naked body and you can find out exactly how your name would sound on her breath as she realized just how much she really wanted you." In his mind, Teddy threw up a very solid mental wall between his thoughts and any visualization of his friend's words. It was mostly effective, but not entirely. "Jo, please stop," he said through gritted teeth. "Really." Something on his face actually made her listen to him. "Sorry," she said. "Yeah. I just- if I tried, I probably could convince her to at least give it a chance, because - I mean, I'm more exciting than anyone in her year. Being a Curse-Breaker is apparently very glamorous, and Vic's a sucker for excitement. But I'm not going to manipulate her - that's just… wrong." He sighed. "I really don't have any business feeling this way. I know I don't." She bit her lip as she mulled that over. "I think you've subconsciously built this up to be a bigger deal that is," she said. "I mean, look, let's be real - if you tried to date her right now, her father would probably kill you and even if he didn't, you'd never work out because - you know." He did know. "It'll get less dodgy as she gets older, so just… do your patience thing and don't be creepy. You're really patient, so I bet that by the time you lose patience, it won't be dodgy at all, and if she says yes you can go ahead without feeling guilty. Go back to innocent mentionitis now." He hesitated. "It'll make you feel better, I promise." "She's one of my favorite friends," he said after a minute. "She always had been, even before - you know. She - she carves out time, when it matters, you know? When I went into heavy research mode on werewolves when we were fifth years, she didn't really understand what was bothering me, but she kept wandering into the library with a chessboard or my favorite biscuits or she'd just sit there and keep me company." He glanced at Johanna, who had a small smile on her face and had finally stopped refilling her wine glass. "I didn't - you know, feel like this then," he said sharply. "It was just… it was nice of her." "I know what you mean." "And nothing scares her. She was going into the Forbidden Forest when she was a first year. A first year. She'll casually mention doing it in letters now - just things like 'Fred and I found an ashwinder in the forest last night! We couldn't get its eggs, though.' Things that would scare the shit out of me are just… they don't even phase her. They should phase her, and she'll probably get herself into trouble one day because they don't, but… I still like that about her." He made a face. "I really do like her, you know. As a person. I'm not just writing to her because I - yeah." He glanced at the clock. "I think my mentionitis ended ten minutes ago." "Is it making you feel better?" "Yes, actually." "Then keep going. I'll give you another fifteen." A/N: If you'd like to read more of Teddy and Victoire's story, you might enjoy my story Shenanigans, Capers, and Hi-Jinks, which starts about eight months after this. If you like Teddy and Johanna's friendship, you might enjoy Cursebreaking in Barcelona, which features Johanna-the-Auror helping Teddy recover some treasure in Barcelona. Thank you so much reading. Reviews and favorites are appreciated!