warmly, "I don't mean to mock or offend Benjamin." Her eyes found his, "I'm not a woman who likes to share. I simply don't do that." He held her hand and leaned down, pressing a chaste kiss on her knuckles and making her blush, "and I'm a ' one woman ' kind of man... If you accept, I will only be seeing you Georgiana. No one else," he let go of her hand, afraid he was making her uncomfortable, "and its just dinner, I don't... I won't demand anything..." Her cheeks turned red and she nodded, "yes Ben, I would gladly go for dinner with you." He smiled, feeling an unfamiliar rush of excitement, "Th-thank you, my wife." He turned to the fireplace and tapped a small pot, "Floo is already connected; you should go home my dear." She stood up and rested a hand on his upper arm, pulling back quickly, as if not trusting herself, "Ben, you should go home, get some sleep..." He shook his head, "I slept enough, and I really should get started for the day," he glanced outside, "it promises to be a long one." She stared at the fireplace, contemplating her choices. She knew he was watching and so she had to move quickly, grabbing a handful of floo powder she stepped into the fireplace, muttering softly to herself as she disappeared. He nodded as she vanished, turning around and heading down the stairs to open the shop for the day, the ancient building feeling quite empty all of a sudden. He opened the windows, shutters and door, swept the floor and flipped the sign with his wand. He didn't notice the cat at the door as he muttered and mumbled about his day, and it was noon before he realised he was being watched. The creature was pure white, not a speck on its body from paw to nose. Its eyes were owl like and a blue as a stormy sky. "Well aren't you a pretty thing." He muttered as it jumped up on his counter, tail flicking as it watched him. "Someone will be looking for you." It meowed softly and cuddled into his palm as he petted the cat's dewy soft fur. The bell rang and Ben looked over, recognizing the boy, a bag under his arm, "Excuse me sir, but would you be Lord Rookwood?" "Depends, who's asking?" Ben said, wiping his hands on the nearby cloth. "Mister Melby sir. He's looking for his due." Ben sighed and wandered to his moneybox, swearing slightly as he realised he was short. Digging out what he could spare, he sent the boy on his way and made a note to check over his receipts, see if he could scrounge up a few more Knuts. The cat cooed at him and he glanced over, "You're still here? Plan on staying?" It hopped from one counter to another and chirped at him, "Very well, I'll see what I can find for you. But you stay out of my way when I'm mixing potions. Don't want your pretty coat to end up green." He chuckled as he locked up the moneybox, setting it down. He set a saucer of milk out for the cat, a female he soon discovered, and it lapped at the liquid as he set out his wares for the day, setting about mixing several potions at once. The calendar telling him which potions brewed best under the current rising moon. He kept a dialogue with the feline as he went about his day, sharing what little he could spare from his meagre lunch, half wondering if his wife had something better from their kitchen, or if she'd even stayed. She worked a schedule that was completely her own, dictating when she went to Mungo's based on her mood with her husband. Once he thought she despised him. Now he wasn't so sure. He glanced over at the cat as she sprawled in the sun by the window and he wandered over, sitting with her, his fingers gently digging into her silken fur as he petted her, continuing his monologue, "-I mean, then she tells me that it's me who hated her and-... I don't know. I thought I knew women. She seemed to accept my date idea pretty easily, but is she doing that because she's my wife? Or because she wants to? Who knows..." The cat shifted to look at him, blinking slowly as if to say ' Take a breath already '. He chuckled as he petted the cat. "You know, it's been awhile since I've had a cat. It would be nice to keep one around. I'll make a deal. You keep the mice away and I'll keep a bowl out for you." She bent to his offered hand and nudged it slightly; as if in encouragement for him to continue petting, "Square deal then." The day pressed on and the cat didn't leave, moving from sun spot to sun spot as he mixed his potions, the rare customer that did come in bought little to nothing, or made their orders and left, allowing Ben to continue on mixing, his chats with the cat never ending. The sun fell as he started closing up the shop, frowning down at the cat that was looking at him, sitting upright with her tail curled around her, "I should name you, if you're going to stick around." He glanced around his shop, humming for inspiration, spying some Silver King plants limp on his counter, "Silver?" She hissed and jumped up on the counter, grooming her paw. His eyes looked around as his mind raced through every possible name, till he spied his owl, Apollo returning from his hunt successfully clutching a shrew in his talons, "Hm, Apollo's sister is Artemis." He looked down and smirked, "Do you object to Artemis?" She cooed and purred, cleaning her face. "Artemis it is." He nodded as he closed the windows and locked up.