eyes glinting kindly. "I am very surprised to hear you say that my face is pretty. Most of the others think I'm ugly, and that I'm really scary." Harry looked at the man, snickering softly. "I think snakes are beautiful, and since you look like one, you're beautiful, too." AUGUST 20, 1991 Apparating to Privet Drive under a disillusionment charm, Dumbledore took in the scene with growing worry. Muggle police were crawling all over the Dursleys' home, while others were going door to door, questioning the neighbors to see if they could add anything else to the case file. Dumbledore carefully crept closer, trying to eavesdrop to get information. He was incredibly frustrated and terrified. It had taken much precious time to get the Ministry to act on his suspicions that something was terribly wrong with their Savior. Fudge had thrown up as many roadblocks as he could to prevent the headmaster from getting his way too quickly, and it was with a heavy heart that he'd received final permission to investigate the situation. Listening, his eyes widened and his heart lurched as he finally understood what had occurred. The police were trying to find any information from the neighborhood, to ascertain whether anyone in the area had seen the Dursleys mistreat or assault Harry Potter. Unfortunately, Mrs. Figg, doing it anonymously, was the only resident in the area willing to report what had happened, and she'd waited a very long time before reporting it. The officers were also asking if the residents had seen any strange elderly men in the neighborhood around the end of October to the first of November 1981, dropping off anything suspicious to the Dursleys in the early morning hours. Again they were to be thwarted, to the great relief of the invisible wizard listening in. Having heard enough, Dumbledore wandered away, head down and tears threatening, and very nearly missed a most vital piece of information. The mention of a missing body caught his attention, and he crept closer, listening intently. His sorrow quickly turned to fear as he understood what he was hearing. According to reports, they still could not locate the child's body, which went missing shortly after it was found. The fact that the story of the 'theft' never made the papers was a miracle of misdirection and obfuscation, much to the relief of the police department. AUGUST 23, 1991 LONDON EXAMINER MURDERER CAUGHT, FACES EXECUTION Vernon Dursley arrested, wife and son held as accessories This newspaper has learned that on Thursday, August twentieth, an anonymous call to the precinct identified businessman Vernon Dursley as the murderer of the child whose body was found in July in a culvert just minutes away from the suspect's home. The caller refused to identify herself; however she was able to provide corroboration to the treatment of the young boy at the hands of, reportedly, his uncle. Apparently, the child had been orphaned at fifteen months old, and was dropped at the Dursleys' doorstep by an unknown stranger. The police would like to speak most urgently to this unknown stranger, and perhaps cite him for child abandonment and neglect, as well as to get the full story behind the child and his relationship to the Dursley family. Sources within the police department report that the uncle had hated the boy almost from the beginning. Dursley spoke with several people, including psychiatrists and psychologists, about the 'freak' that had been left on his doorstep. The grossly overweight man went on to spin what can only be described as a delusional rant, spouting off about the 'abnormal' behaviour of the boy. According to the suspect, who had no problem confessing, the 'freak' had done strange things from the moment he'd entered their home. Supposedly, the child had made his teacher's hair change colours, had made a sweater shrink, had mysteriously ended up on the roof of his primary school, and 'made his hair grow back after Pet had given him a perfectly reasonable haircut'. With the confession, the police are confident of a conviction and execution. The suspect's wife and son are being held on separate warrants for aiding and abetting a murder, abuse, neglect, and failure to report a crime. NOVEMBER 14, 1991 LONDON EXAMINER MURDERER TO RECEIVE LIFE IMPRISONMENT Psychiatrists deem Dursley insane and untreatable In a shocking turn of events, this newspaper has learned that Vernon Dursley, the man who had beaten his young nephew to death, will not be executed. Instead, the psychiatrists on staff at the police station insist that the man is clearly delusional, and is not fit to stand trial, nor is he fit to aid in his own defence. A public defender had been assigned to the man, who insisted on regaling anyone who would listen with the tale of his 'freakish' nephew, to whom he referred as 'boy', or 'freak'. No matter the treatment, the man still insists that what he has reported is nothing but the truth. Unable to shake him from his bizarre ranting, the psychiatric community at large feels that he is not capable of distinguishing fantasy from reality. Petunia Dursley, on the other hand, staunchly denies any of her husband's stories as truth. When questioned on her involvement in the child's treatment, she could only state that she'd gone along with it to keep her husband from turning his fists to herself or her son. She even went so far as to state that she tried to 'educate' her son on the 'proper treatment of others', to no avail. She was released on three years probation, with the condition that she serve one thousand hours community service in the local child abuse centres. Her son will be remanded to the juvenile detention centre, where he will serve time until he is twenty one, at which time he will be released. He is to undergo anger management classes, as well as treatment for the psychological abuse he had no doubt suffered under his father's hand.