was my best friend until the end of our fifth year at school." "Ah, so you're…" Vernon rubbed his chin as he glanced at Harry's scar and then back at Severus. "Yes, I have recently been offered a job teaching at the school Lily and I attended. I start in September." Vernon looked lost as he turned to Petunia. "But I thought…?" He left his question hanging. "Severus has agreed to help us raise Harry, for Lily's sake. He will be Harry's uncle, or the godfather he no longer has." Vernon paled. "His godfather was killed too?" Petunia shook her head sadly and anger flashed across Severus' face. "No. Lily and her husband knew the Dark Lord, the wizard that killed them, was after them so they went into hiding. Professor Dumbledore, the man who brought Harry to you, cast a special spell for them. Their house was hidden with magic and the only person who could disclose their location to anyone, was Harry's godfather. He told the Dark Lord their location." Severus said, his teeth gritted in anger. "He betrayed them?" Vernon asked sliding into the chair next to Severus. "Worse, we just got the news this afternoon. Black, Harry's godfather, was like a brother to Harry's father. His family disowned him and Harry's grandparents took him in as their own son when he was sixteen. Potter trusted Black with his life, so much so that when they went into hiding Potter and Lily agreed to put their lives in his hands. He betrayed them. When one of the Potters' other friends heard the news he was so mad with grief, he went after Black. Pettigrew never stood a chance; Black blew him to pieces along with twelve muggles who just happened to be there." Severus finished bitterly. "No, you don't mean that- that gas leak that was on the radio this afternoon wasn't a gas leak at all?" "It was Black. All they found of Pettigrew was a single finger. When they took him away he was laughing. He killed Lily and laughed about it." Severus looked stricken "Why did this Dark Lord go after them in the first place?" Severus looked tearful again and was about to answer when Petunia placed a cup of tea in front of the two men and began to speak. "He was afraid that Harry would grow up to defeat him, he wanted to kill him before Harry was old enough to do any damage. Lily and James were in the way, they weren't going to let someone hurt their son, so Voldemort decided that he had to kill them too." Severus, looking torn between sorrow and gratitude, nodded his head at Petunia in thanks, stood up and said. "I will take my leave now. Thank you Petunia, I don't think I could have coped today without you, I will make it up to you." Petunia smiled and Vernon placed a hand on Severus' shoulder. "You're not off anywhere. Stay for tea." "I couldn't possibly intrude on your hospitality any longer, Mr. Dursley." "Nonsense, Snape, I can see you loved Petunia's sister dearly. Stay, we won't be having much, just a takeaway. I'm useless in the kitchen and I can't let Petunia cook today. We'll eat and make a toast to the Potters." OOOOO Petunia smiled at the two men who sat at the dining room table, arguing over who was going to pay for the meal when it arrived. Vernon was adamant that guest shouldn't have to pay, but Severus was refusing to allow it, "You've been excellent hosts, it's the least I can do." "I'm taking the boys up to bed." Petunia announced. "Where's Harry sleeping?" Vernon asked. "I've put him in with Dud for now. Severus conjured him a bed." Vernon nodded, seemingly unfazed by the blatant use of magic in his home. "Do you need any help?" "No, I won't be long. Dudders has had it; he can barely keep his eyes open. And I bet Harry's tired out too, he's had a long day." "Just give me shout if you want me to come up." Petunia smiled and picked up the two boys, one cradled in each arm. As Petunia made her way out of the room and up the stairs, Dudley yawned and Harry blinked tiredly up at her. She couldn't stop the sobs this time. It should have been Lily who was taking Harry up to his room, tucking him in, giving him a kiss and singing a lullaby. How could so much change in two days? Just two days ago Harry was a normal boy living at home with his mum and dad, and within forty eight hours, he'd gone from Normal-Harry Potter to Harry Potter, The-Boy-Who-Lived, world famous orphan. Petunia kissed Dudley's forehead and pulled his blankets up. "Night, night sweetie." She turned to Harry's crib and laid the boy down. "Sleep tight Harry, your Mummy and Daddy are up there watching you now." She kissed him on the forehead and turned to close the curtains. Harry mumbled something, smiled and then murmured. "An Tuney" Petunia felt her eyes well up again, no one had called her 'Tuney' since Lily had gone to Hogwarts. She tenderly brushed Harry's hair away from his face and kissed him again, reaching out with her other hand to stroke her son's head. She took the hands of her two sons and sadly began to sing them to sleep. AN: This story will probably not be what you expect, there will be slash in later chapters and after third year the story will be very different to cannon. Although this story is a nice Dursley/Snape story I do not plan on 'Dumbledore/Weasley bashing' and will be trying as hard as I can to keep everyone in character whilst making some allowances for the changes such as Harry having a family and Severus liking Harry. I'd also just like to thank my beta Bitch Goddess. Thanks for reading -beksta