to his neck. The kiss had began timidly but soon grew more passionate, as his hands gripped at her clothes and his tongue slipped inside her mouth. Then he was pulling her into an alleyway, pushing her against the cold brick wall. His body pressed against her, warm and inviting. Their lips parted for a moment and she looked into his eyes, mischievous and sparkling, like warm chocolate. Then he was on her again, mouth hungry for hers. He brought a hand to her cheek, playing with her hair. His body was urgent, now, wanting more. As his fingers wandered downward, playing with the hem of her dress, an uneasiness began to settle into Katie. The vodka had pulled his face to hers, but the loneliness was allowing his hands under skirt. I don't think I want this. His hips pressed into hers and she could feel his arousal, asking to be taken upstairs. I don't think I want this. His lips were on her neck. He could make her feel good for the moment, for the night. She knew that, that was why she had done it. He could take away her pain for a little while, but in the morning, when he was tangled in her bedsheets and she was filled with shame, it would be back. It always came back. "Lee," she gasped. "Lee, stop. Please." Lee pulled away. His hand stroked her cheek. "What's wrong?" She moved his hand from her face. "I'm sorry," she could feel tears threatening. "It's not you, I swear." A lump formed in her throat. "I don't…I don't know why I did this. It was a mistake." For a moment he looked crestfallen, and she was scared he would be angry. A traitorous tear welled up. "Hey," he said softly. "It's alright." "It's not." "Don't feel bad," he smiled at her. "Bit of drink, bit of flirting, mistakes happen." He touched her shoulder. "I won't hold it against ya if you won't hold it against me." "I'm sorry." "Stop apologizing to me, Bell," he grinned. He always treated girls well. "I still had a nice time. Get up to bed safely, okay? I'll catch you around." He patted her shoulder again, and was gone. "How did it go?" Alicia's voice was bright and excited from the sofa where she cuddled with George. "Was it fun?" "I don't want to talk about it." "Kates?" Alicia asked. She turned to look over her shoulder, but the blonde girl had already disappeared into her room, shutting the door roughly behind her. "I'm gonna guess 'not well,'" George said. "Do you think I should go see if she's okay?" "I'm sure she's alright," George said, pulling her closer. "He probably said something daft and offended her. Bloody idiot." "Maybe, I'm sure you're right." Alicia sighed. So much for bettering her and Angelina's matchmaking record. "Right you," she kissed him on the cheek, "what are you doing tomorrow night? Fancy going for dinner? We've not really been on a date night in ages." "Can't," he shook his head. "Going to the Quidditch match with Fred and Charlie." "What, again?" "Charlie's got season tickets, Al, we've got to get our money's worth." "Yeah, I know." She tried not to let her disappointment show. Things had been better since their row on the weekend. They always made up quickly, but it seemed like the fights were coming more frequently recently. Maybe they'd hit a rough patch, a three-year itch of some description. That was normal, right? "Hey," George said, kissing her forehead, "I'll make it up to you, alright? Come 'round Friday night. I'll make us a romantic meal." Alicia giggled, "What and set the flat on fire again? Fred will have you this time." "Nah," George waved his hand. "I'm getting better, I promise. Been watching some muggle bloke named Gordon. He's an angry bastard but his food looks proper nice. Amazing how they can do that without magic." She had to laugh at the idea of George watching muggle cooking videos. The last time he had tried to make a romantic dinner for the two of them, he'd managed flames shooting out of the oven and a roast that was burned to a crisp. The 'meal' ended up consisting of a bag of crisps, some chocolate cake, and copious amounts of wine. Still, the effort was sweet, and she'd thoroughly rewarded him after. "Well then, Chef Gordon, Friday it is." She playfully kissed his neck. "Looking forward to it." Alicia leaned into George's shoulder. "Can you stay tonight?" He shook his head. "I'm opening in the morning. Probably stayed too late anyway. I really need to be off home, actually." He moved his arm from around her shoulders and stood. Alicia sighed. The memory of the last time he'd cooked for them was one of their best. It had been such a happy, carefree, playful evening, and the memory of that night had woken up her body. She wished he would stay with her. "I'll come by the shop if I can," she said, hugging him. "If I don't see you, have fun at the match." He kissed her gently and disappeared out the door. Alicia retreated to her bedroom, more than a little disappointed. Her body ached for attention. Just once, she thought, it would be nice to have some passion that didn't need a fight before it. The sex with George was good. At least, she thought. She didn't have any other frame of reference. George had been her first and would likely be her only. But it seemed now, more than ever, that their most passionate moments were always preceded by an all-out row. She sighed, changing into a t-shirt and slipping under her covers. This is just a phase. Or she hoped it was. Despite their rough patch, she knew George Weasley was the man she was going to marry. If they could make it through this, they would be just fine.