Voldemort's waiting arms. "Yes, it will probably hurt him a lot but hopefully he will be safe for long enough to fully recover before we have to move again. It will also give us some time to plan our next moves," Snape said dismissively. Harry's eyes widened in fear as he could move his head enough to see that they were almost at the point where disapperation could happen. "Please, d...," Harry whispered and was happy to find that his voice was audible, through his throat felt awful. "Don't worry, Harry. We are almost off the grounds and can get to safety then we can tend to you properly," Draco said smiling down at him. Harry was taken aback with how easily Malfoy could suddenly start addressing him as Harry. Harry also wanted to scream that he didn't want to leave the grounds and that smile did nothing to reassure him. "Stop!" yelled a familiar voice which made Harry sigh in relief. He couldn't see Hermione he was sure that she had probably brought an army with her. "Damn! Run towards the boundary!" Snape hissed at Draco before grabbing the makeshift stretcher himself and yanking it and Harry quickly towards the Hogwarts ground's border making Harry hiss with pain from the jostling. Harry couldn't crane his neck around to see who was in pursuit of Snape and Draco but he could hear the sounds of running behind them. He mentally cheered the pursuers on hoping that they would catch up quickly. Harry was thus very disappointed to feel Snape pass the boundary with him in tow. Snape swiveled the stretcher so in order to be able to reach Draco's arm, while holding on to Harry's, better. Harry had a minute to notice that it looked like it was the Gryffindor D.A. members that were in pursuit and not any of the professors. He also saw that Hermione was the only one that was within any distance of them. He felt Snape start to disparate and could feel the magic starting to gather around him, pulling him towards wherever Snape was going. Harry put all his energy and in a last ditch effort tried to move off the stretcher and escape, managing to slip off the stretcher and stretch his one good arm towards Hermione. Snape started cursing as Harry started to move but Harry hadn't managed to dislodge Snape's grip. The pain of having magic used upon him started to make Harry's vision start to darken but he could swear that Hermione was almost within reach. At the last possible second, as Harry felt himself being swallowed up, he thought that he felt Hermione's hand grasp his. He immediately closed his fingers around hers as he blacked out from the pain. Voices swam around the hazy fog that Harry found himself in. He could almost make out shouts and angry words before they were once again obscured by the haze. Slowly, Harry started to be aware of his surroundings. He could feel that he was lying on top of a bed and his wounds were bandaged. His whole body felt sore and had a deep ache in every muscle. On one hand, Harry was relieved that he could feel every part of his body, but on the other hand he wished for the pain to lessen. He started to open his eyes but the immediate blast of color made him feel like he was about to be sick. His nauseating quick glance around the room did show him that he was in an unknown location with Snape and Draco. From that quick glance, he saw that both of them were on the other side of what looked to be a small one room cottage, talking rapidly but too quietly for him to hear. The next time he tried to open his eyes, he was successful He briefly started to struggle to move, thinking that maybe he could try and escape but a firm, warm hand on his shoulder pressed him back down on the bed. "Don't try to move yet. You are still very hurt and though I know you probably have a lot of questions you should try to rest," came the voice of the owner of the warm hand. Harry immediately stopped struggling as Hermione's calm voice washed over him. He managed to quirk one of his eyebrows and somehow conveyed his confusion to her because she continued, "There is a lot to explain but I trust Professor Snape and what he has told me about the situation. Your job right now is the rest and recover. Please trust me, Harry." "Of course I trust you, Hermione," Harry rasped in a whisper, feeling every syllable grate in his throat. "Then know that you are safe, and that we will protect you with our lives" Hermione replied as she placed a cool washcloth on his brow and then threaded his hand with hers. Harry had a million questions running through his mind but the pain of his injuries started to flare up causing him to whimper. He put up no protest when Draco brought over a potion, which Hermione helped him swallow. Harry's last thought as he fell into a deep healing sleep was how his life seem to always twist and turn. The End Thank you for reading. Please feel free to leave a review. Please note that I am not planning to continue this story so if you would like to continue it and answer some of the questions that I feel I left open, please PM me. Also, for anyone waiting for a new chapter of "Paw prints in the sand" I have not given up on it. I have simply re-written the chapter so many times my head spins when I look at it. I hopefully will get to post it sometime in the near future, though I am sad to admit that my tone might change...alas that is the price of waiting so long.