me through the symbols, had not forgotten my Base Talent. Each symbol I drew, each on it's own piece of paper to ensure I had it right was then copied down onto my skin. Because I lay each paper out on it's own and my talent made it where the symbols animated, exactly as when I was first shown them, I could easily trace it on my skin next. The ink had to be mixed with my blood and phoenix tears and I think all three portraits were a little surprised how casual I was about drawing my own blood. My explanation that it was how we identified ourselves whenever we went somewhere because then we were documented and the obedience spells in places that controlled the masses would take effect..and that I didn't even blink about their use, chilled even Gellert. After all, they worked on everyone and it was mandatory. I'd stripped down to my under shorts -everything utilitarian was unisex these days- so I could actually cut the symbols in and then rub the ink after when I asked Nicholas if it wouldn't be more effective that way. Seeing all the runes on me clearly had the men wishing to ask questions, but they didn't. After all, from collar bone to knee wrist to ankle I had numerous twisting black rune forms covering me. All Squibs did. I did explain some of them as I would rest to eat or the like in between, to steady my hands before the next symbol. ''Since we can't use spells we get Rune Arrays. One that portkey's us in an emergency to a set person..'' I had to explain the Matching and Master bonds to them, even Gellert seemed troubled at that and muttered that if Voldemort had just been unfortunate enough he could have created a match bond and found himself beholden to all his Death eaters to procreate and wouldn't that have been amusing.. ''And that one?'' Flammel was the most curious, I liked Nicholas a great deal and smiled as he pointed out the one over my heart. ''That's different. The collarbone and Heart arrays are proclaiming family and lineage.'' ''Any special ones?'' Gellert just couldn't help his blood commentary and I found myself chuckling. ''Well almost all The olde Ones were brought back. Most squibs have a number of them now. I don't know if any of mine would correspond to names you'd know, I can't read my own runes there.'' ''Haven't bothered to look in a mirror?'' Nicholas teased but I just blinked a few times. ''Um, we..can't. Squibs aren't to know what we look like, or read our own runes. We aren't allowed to discuss family either..well lineage. That only becomes known if we are matched to a magical.'' ''You've never..'' Nicholas pinched his nose. ''Child do you not know what you look like?'' ''I can guess because of my parents and cousins, and I know my hair color because I have it kept long as any of the Court does..but no.'' ''...crazy world.'' The rest of the conversation was abandoned as I went back to carving my skin, it was just barely deep and since I needed my own blood anyways it made it where mixing the ink and phoenix tears would be a lot easier to do. They'd scab over faintly but easily break back open when I rubbed it back on by hand later. Finally just as I could tell the sunrise was starting from the sky light, I was done. I'd scrubbed and almost tore a few marks in my effort to completely cover the new carvings in my skin, as faint as they were, with the three men assuring I didn't miss a location. Then I pulled my attire on, rune sealed my bags back into my skin with a flinch. It always felt like a cold heavy stone in my gut to do that, as they'd settle into my core. Luckily some last moment configuring had determined as my body was used to the bags it wouldn't alter the spell. I bundled up as best I could and wrapped the blanket around me for good measure, then nodded to Fawkes. ''When ever..literally...'' Fawkes tilted his head back then and sang, it was beautiful and I felt my tears spring forth. It was hope. I couldn't have helped myself if I tried, and I didn't. I didn't want the last sight of me in this dark twisted world by these three men, for as long as this future would last, to be of me the tiny gray clad figure they were sending off to uncertainty. I would be Melpomene. I would be Melpomene as she was meant to be not what she became later to the world. My song burst out sharp and clear and then softened into crystalline notes that melded with the ethereal and ever so much more perfect tones of Fawkes. His song became even more heartsoothing and I felt his claws clamp deep on either side of my shoulders, where my garment didn't cover. His talons pierced deep and despite the trickle of blood my song only raised higher. Let my tragedy be put to use, Fawkes. Whenever we went, I would be grateful. ()()()()()() The last of the tiny phoenix fire sparks glowed into the marble floor, leaving behind three silent and serious great minds of their age. ''You wouldn't think a little thing like that would be of much use, would you?'' Gellert said idly. It didn't fool either man. Shades though they were, the tiny squib child had been an eager mind and willing tool. Something that all three could value. ''I wonder, to when they shall go?'' If Albus was to have answered, perhaps with a final clue he'd managed to divine through some favor of his outlook or transcendent knowledge, it never came. Their future and everything in it with them, was no more. To When, was the true question.