herself sick by eating too many sweets, just to get Madam Pomfrey to examine her stomach. Hari's hope was that running a diagnostics spell that close to her stomach would also detect the other issues the young girl was dealing with at the time. Unfortunately, either Lily Potter was a better witch than anyone ever imagined, or Madam Pomfrey was not as good a Healer as everyone claimed. "Then again, she's working in a school rather than a hospital," Hari muttered to herself after being given a potion to calm her stomach. "If she was actually a decent and qualified nurse I'm thinking she would be working in a real hospital." Hari felt like Alice down the rabbit hole for the rest of the year. After being attacked once again by the insane House Elf Dobby, Hari had ended up in the Hospital Wing of Hogwarts having all the bones in her arm regrown. Then students started getting attacked and people started pointing fingers at her as the "Heir of Slytherin," something that was not helped when it became common knowledge she could speak with snakes. She had known she could talk to snakes since shortly before starting at Hogwarts, but it was a very odd ability. Any time she talked with a snake it was as if there was a short delay in the translation, she would speak then an instant later she would hear a hissing sound. The same was true when the snake replied, she would hear the hissing and a moment later hear a voice she could understand, almost as if something was translating the snake language for her. It was confusing and yet another thing she found she could not speak about thanks to her mother's geas on her, so she ignored it as best she could. The Christmas holiday was rather peaceful, other than her encounter with a strangely charmed diary that claimed Hagrid was behind the attack on the students. Then there was her adventures with Polyjuice, something that finally gave her a bit of hope. Taking the Polyjuice in an attempt to prove Draco Malfoy was the real "Heir of Slytherin," Hari noticed that when she took it the illusion surrounding her failed. She was looking in a mirror as the change began, unfortunately Ron and Hermione weren't looking, but Hari saw it as for the first time in her life without the use of a magical mirror her real features were revealed. It barely lasted a moment before the potion took effect, but Hari almost cried when it happened. Sadly, when the potion wore off an hour later the illusion returned before Ron saw the real her and the geas still refused to let her speak of it, but for a short time she had been free. Things continued in this vein for the rest of the year, especially after the diary was stolen from her belongings. It wasn't he loss of the diary that really upset her, but whomever stole the diary from her also stole all her special potions and sanitary napkins. She had to hurriedly order more and was grateful the things arrived when they did as she started her period the following day. Then while as May arrived her friend Hermione was petrified along with another girl. Hari was devastated, Ron might be a good friend, but Hermione was like a sister to her. Days later she and Ron had an adventure in the Forbidden Forest which nearly cost them their lives. This was the start of a rather hectic few days, days which were very hard on Hari for various reasons. Days after the adventure in the Forbidden Forest, Ginny Weasley was kidnapped and taken into the Chamber of Secrets. Hari and Ron eventually figured out exactly where the entrance to the Chamber was and forced their useless Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, Gilderoy Lockhart, to accompany them into the Chamber. Hari was eventually separated from Ron and Lockhart, continuing on until she found the true entrance to the Chamber. Inside the Chamber she confronted the memory of Tom Riddle, the young version of the man that would become Voldemort. After listening to him monologue about how great he was and then having the fool set an enormous basilisk on her which Hari was forced to kill, she was injured and could feel herself dying. What she also felt was the illusion around her body shatter. It was a very stunned Tom Riddle that watched a young red haired girl plunge a basilisk fang into his enchanted diary, killing him. Hari ignored his screams, she was too busy enjoying the sensation of feeling clothing against her skin even as the venom of the basilisk was killing her. Unfortunately, in her opinion, the Headmaster's phoenix, Fawkes, decided to heal her by shedding magical tears into the wound. "No, damnit!" Harry cursed weakly as the phoenix tears started to heal her arm and she saw the illusion starting to reform. "Stop! I'm free! If I have to die to be free, then let me die!" Hari cursed the phoenix bitterly as the last of the poison was dealt with, allowing the illusion to completely reform. By the time Ginny Weasley woke up, Hari was once again trapped inside her damnable mother's illusion and fully bound by the geas. After that she cared very little for what happened to her. Later she remembered leaving the Chamber after rescuing Ron and Lockhart, with help from the damned phoenix. Then she confronted Dumbledore and Lucius Malfoy, the mastermind behind the diary and attacks, subsequently freeing Dobby in the process. Later Hermione was cured, something that finally brought a smile to Hari's face, but even that wasn't enough to keep her from feeling depressed. Truth be told, by the time they left school that year and boarded the Hogwarts Express, Hari was starting to believe that death would be her only escape from the curse her mother had placed on her.