chest and stomach. He shivered as the cool air snaked around his ankles and he had to brace himself on the sink before slowly taking the used condom off. Wadding everything into a ball, he tossed it in the bin before snagging another load of tissue and heading back into the bedroom. The room stank of sex and latex. Harry wrinkled his nose, completely unused to the smell of muggle condoms and just how greasy they were. Draco hadn't shifted from his spot, which was probably a wise idea seeing as he was still covered in their love-making. His skin has started to prickle with goosepimples. The blonde man flinched under his hand as Harry carefully wiped his body down. "How're you feeling?" Harry asked, his throat so hoarse from giving head and all the moaning. Draco cracked an eyelid open and grumbled. "Exhausted ... You sure know how to wear a man out, scarhead." Harry swatted his chest. "Behave, or I'll dump this on your face." Draco scowled but didn't say another word. "Does it hurt?" he asked somewhat cautiously, as he finished drying up the damp patches with the left over tissue. Draco hummed. "Of course it does. You've not given me a pounding in a while." Harry blushed and ducked behind his fringe, "I know I -I'm sorry I get carried away." Shaking his head, the older man took harry's wrist and drew it to his mouth. He pressed a kiss to the flushed flesh before guiding Harry down. Shifting over, he made room on the edge of the bed for his lover. Harry gratefully crawled onto the damp duvet and sigh contently at finally getting to relax. "I love it when you go wild," Draco mumbled into the black hair tucked under his chin. "Really?" "Of course. You're so restrained most of the time. I love being able to get wound up and then this relaxed." Harry hummed, listening to the dulling thud of the blonde's heart. "Did you like it?" It had been the question on his mind throughout the majority of the evening, not wanting to jinx the moment. "It was definitely different." Harry frowned, pressing himself further against the blonde's chest. Had he completely miscalculated this? With a resigned sigh he said, "I guess it was too out of the norm, for you. I'm sorry. If you prefer it could have just been a one time thing." Draco started to stroke his hair, his fingers twitching every now and then. "What made you want to do it this way?" Harry bit him lip before closing his eyes. "I just ... I've always wondered what I ended up missing out on, growing up as a wizard." He felt the Slytherin stiffen under his head. "Not that being a wizard is bad, you know I love magic!" He drew in a deep breath and felt his chest tighten. "I just -a lot of things with magic is almost too easy, minimal effort required. I never had the messy, slippery, fiddly sex that muggles have. I know it's a stupid thing to want but -well, we did it so ... that's that." "You really are daft," Draco murmured after a few moments of silence. "Why?" "Well, because why would anyone want gross, sloppy, messy sex?" Harry shrugged. "That's just how sex is meant to be, I guess. Natural." "Oh, Harry..." Draco breathed, tilting the brunette's chin so that he could look into those sorrowful green eyes. "We are wizards . Magic is natural for us . So what if that makes a few things easier do a degree? Does that lessen the importance of it?" "It could ..." "But does it?" Harry looked into those silvery eyes and felt his heart jolt. Swallowing thickly, he shook his head. "No, I suppose it doesn't." Draco narrowed his eyes. "Well if it makes you feel any better, I'm not saying I hate it." A muscle twitched in Harry's jaw. "However, it is incredibly messy." "Oh? So ... What did you have in mind?" Harry asked. He really had no idea what the blonde man was thinking. Despite the orgasms, his opinion on the sex itself could be completely negative. "Well, if we're going to do this again we're going to have to be better prepared." He cocked a blonde eyebrow at his perplexed lover and smirked. He loved teasing Harry so much. He always had. "Like?" "Wet-wiped on the bedside table, for one. A towel to clean up with, so that next time you don't have to drag your sore little dick to the bathroom and -maybe something to give a little energy boost, if muggles even have that sort of thing." Harry leaned up on his elbow with a shocked expression. "Are you honestly telling me you'd like to do that again?" he asked hesitantly. A devilish smirk crawled onto Draco's mouth as he looped his arms around Harry's neck, his stomach flipping when he saw the excitable gleam in those green eyes. "Maybe. Would you like that?" "You know I'd love it, you dirty tease!" Harry grinned. His anxiety lifted off of him like a weight. With a content sigh, he lowered his head back onto Draco's chest and wrapped an arm around his waist. His stomach was full of butterflies as he let his mind wander. There were so many other muggle things they could try -providing Draco was feeling adventurous enough. "Oh, and Harry?" "Mmm yes, love?" "Next time we do it this way -I'm topping." Harry would never give Draco the satisfaction of knowing just how much that thrilled him to hear those words. He couldn't let the blonde become too egotistical after-all. Instead, he just smiled mischievously to himself and pressed a kiss to his partner's chest and said; "Of course. Anything you say, love." THE END. A/N: I'm trying to get back into the swing of things, so this seemed like a cute little one-shot to do that! Please R&R! x