should deal with our uninvited guests. Morozov, De Souza, the door, if you please." Edward didn't even have time to gasp before two large men loomed in the doorway and dragged him and Upshaw inside. "Just what do you think you're doing?" Upshaw demanded, trying unsuccessfully to break out of the grip of the man holding him. Edward, on the other hand, did not struggle. He was watching the faces of the men and women in the room with him, trying to control his fear. They were the faces of people who would kill him without hesitation, if they had to. He'd seen the look once or twice before as a boy growing up on the wrong side of London. You only needed to see that look once, and you could recognize it anywhere. "You do not seem to like following orders, detective," Mr. Montgomery said pleasantly. "That is a shame. You have a find mind. Tell me, are you going to try and make trouble?" "Have your goons unhand me at once," Upshaw demanded furiously, "and then maybe, maybe , I won't arrest the lot of you and drag you through the streets for this! You are in the United Kingdom, and the rule of law WILL -" "De Souza," Mr. Montgomery said calmly, ignoring the detective's tirade. "If you would be so kind." The big man holding Upshaw moved with surprising speed, grabbing the two sides of the man's head and twisting sharply. Edward heard an audible crack as the detective's neck snapped, and the man fell limply to the ground. He very nearly broke down into incoherent blubbering at that point, but the countless years he'd spent practicing calm saved him once again. "Now, Edward, there may not be a need for you to share the poor detective's fate," Mr. Montgomery said, leaning forward on his cane. The other members of Aegis said nothing, standing as still as statues. "You were quite the gifted young man, if I remember rightly." "Thank you, Mr. Montgomery," Edward mumbled numbly, unable to take his eyes off of Upshaw's lifeless body. "I'm going to offer you a choice here, Edward," Mr. Montgomery said, "something very few people get. The chance to really, truly , make a difference. Would like a chance like that, Edward?" "Montgomery," Mathers said urgently, "You can't just hand out membership whenever you-" "I can do whatever I please in my own country," Mr. Montgomery said, softly but firmly. "I am sure I do not have to remind you of the Aegis charter, do I Mr. Mathers?" "N-no, of course not," Mathers replied meekly. "I'm sorry. You are in command here." Edward heard the exchange, but he didn't really register it. He couldn't seem to think clearly. All he could see was Upshaw's dead body. He had been a strong man, but he hadn't even lasted a second. Not one second. "Yes," he mumbled, not because he really meant it, but because there was no way he could have brought himself to say anything else. "Excellent," Mr. Montgomery said, and he seemed genuinely pleased that Edward had agreed. "You can stay for now, and observe. Let us see if you can still do things the way I taught you, and keep an open mind." "An open mind?" Edward asked hesitantly, closing his eyes so he wouldn't have to look at the dead detective any longer. "Oh yes," Mr. Montgomery said. "You see, the world is a very different place from what you suppose it to be. We—we humans that is—are not alone." Edward's first instinct was to laugh off such a ridiculous statement. After all, how many bad televisions shows began with just such a premise? But Edward repressed that instinct, and said nothing. If he made the wrong move here, there was no mistaking what would happen to him. "Are you talking about the… the paranormals, sir?" Edward asked slowly, opening his eyes again so he could look at the former MI5 director. "Very good, Edward," Mr. Montgomery said encouragingly. "Yes, I am talking about the paranormals. They live among us, you see. The look like us, sound like us, and some of them even act like us. But they are not us, Edward. Never forget that." "Y-yes sir," Edward mumbled, agreeing because it seemed like the only thing to do. "But… but what exactly are they? Are you talking about aliens?" Mathers laughed, as did Morozov, the big man who was still holding Edwards tight. Mr. Montgomery smiled faintly. "No, my boy, I am not talking about aliens. Paranormals have gone by many names throughout history. Some of the ancients believed them to be divinity in human form, and worshiped them as gods. Some simply knew them as wise men and elders, while others called them demons. Druids, Shamans, Seers, Witches, Wizards. So many names, Edward, so many names. But they are all the same thing; all paranormals." "Wizards?" Edward asked. "You're talking about… about magic ?" "Yes, Edward, I am talking about magic. Magic is real, my boy, and its users are out there, hiding among us, using us for their own hidden purposes. These young people, for instance, could not have carried their acts of terror without paranormal help. They had the help of magic, Edward, in carrying out their killing. We are here to find out why." Edward had the urge to laugh again, but he crushed it quickly. "You… you're serious?" he asked quietly. "Oh yes," Mathers said, and the others in the room nodded their agreement. "We are very serious. So how about it? Are you going to say that we're making it all up; call us crazy?" Edward only needed one quick glance at Upshaw's dead corpse to decide. "Of course not," he said weakly. "I-I'll keep an open mind." There was no other choice. "A good choice," Mr. Montgomery said with a satisfied smile. "Now, ladies and gentlemen, let's get to work, shall we. We have wizards to catch."