into her voice. She lifted her wand. How could she make this amusing? There was just nothing funny about it. That was the inherent problem with the theory for the boggart-banishing spell. If your greatest fear was a giant spider, like Ron's had been, you could make that entertaining. If your greatest fear was a dementor, like Harry's, or being a failure, like hers— "Lord Voldemort does reward those— aahh!" The thing's voice tapered off to a high-pitched squeal, the voice of a toddler. Hermione forced out a chuckle, but it had no effect. The thing before her scowled and drew a wand threateningly. She tried again, casting the spell nonverbally. The wand turned into a rubber chicken. Hermione smiled, this one not forced, but then— Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. The smile fled her face. Boggart-Voldemort stepped forward again. She tried one last time. The void-black robes on the thing vanished, revealing an emaciated form. Countable ribs, deathly white legs with hardly any muscle, and a pair of emerald green boxers bearing Slytherin's serpentine mark over a very specific place. "You must be joking," she said, staring at him in bed. He looked insulted for a moment. "You really think it's that stupid?" "Erm, yes. It's like wearing boxers of your favorite Quidditch team, but worse." "And is that something you know about?" A flash of anger and jealousy filled his words. "Not for the reason you're worried about," she said, smirking. "One of my best friends had five brothers, some of whom were slobs. I saw plenty of laundry. And if you actually charm them to look like that, I will laugh all night. Honestly, Tom. You have taste. Just don't." Hermione laughed nastily. "You look even more ridiculous than I thought you would." The thing stumbled back, trying to cover its crotch. "It must be what you did to your body," she mocked, though it pained her to do so. "If Tom wore them, it would just be ridiculous in a narcissistic way. You, on the other hand… you're a complete caricature." She stared at Boggart-Voldemort, who cowered in shame now, and laughed a harsh, brutal, cruel laugh. The thing vaporized in a puff of smoke. Hermione sank to the floor and sighed. This shouldn't bother her so much. –No, it should, she corrected herself at once. The only type of humor that worked on this fear was vicious, mocking, mean-spirited ridicule of physical appearance—and a form concocted from an actual memory that involved her Tom. It had been a humorous memory… a bit of levity in their lives… and now it was tainted by this. There would be something wrong with her if that didn't disturb her. Also, the fact that her "failure fear" now assumed this form was unsettling in its own right. That thing was not just her fear—the fear that she would fail herself, fail Tom, fail all the loved ones who would not know her now but whom she still wanted to give better lives than they'd otherwise have—but it was also a little part of her conscience that periodically spoke up. It would whisper to her, You're not actually stopping him from being evil. You're just allowing a smaller amount of evil to happen. She had not thought of Tom and Voldemort as the same person since early autumn of 1944…. No, she thought quickly, that's not really true; there was a brief time after he made the Horcrux that I thought of him as Voldemort, but since then, no. And yet… no, she corrected herself again, they weren't the same. Tom, her Tom, had diverged from Voldemort when she got to know him. He had made different choices. Some of them weren't that different, and you realize that, that voice in her head whispered. Why do you drink that concoction every time you see him putting memories in his diary, and why do you insist on not knowing what he does to coerce and manipulate people? They were still different. One is better than six—or seven—and coercing people is better than killing them. I have control over this. He has already seen that outcome in my old memories and he revolted against it. It won't happen this time. He listens to me, he respects me, and… if nothing else, his determination not to lose me will override other impulses. Somewhat later, Tom emerged from the upstairs room and entered the library. He stared at Hermione, who was busy cleaning and polishing the bookshelves, with wide eyes. He stood in place, unable to go any further. She caught a glimpse of him out the corner of one eye. She turned her head. A peculiar look filled her face, a look of… shame, Tom realized. "Is everything all right?" he asked. She looked away, facing the bookshelves again, and nodded. "There was a boggart in that cabinet"—she gestured at it—"but I took care of it." "Really." Hermione nodded, not looking at him. "That—the form it took—bothered me. I'm sure you think that's silly," she said, managing a brittle laugh. He moved across the room to stand next to her and put his hands on top of hers. "I don't," he said abruptly. "There was one in the box room too. Its form… was a surprise to me. A bad one." Compassion suddenly flooded Hermione. She realized in a flash what he must have seen. The thought was disturbing to her in one way, but at the same time…. He won't become that. Not if what he fears most has changed as I think it has. She freed her hands, turned to face him, and wrapped her arms around him. He was clearly taken by surprise, but he nonetheless cradled her head on his shoulders with an awkward return hug. After about a minute, Hermione broke the embrace. His arms lingered on her back. He looked at her, meeting her eyes with his own, willing her to understand, No. Not yet. She drew close again.