food. This was the scene that the Dark Lord came in upon when he went to check on his charge. He stood in the doorway, smiling fondly as he watched Harry and the little elf converse as if they had been friends for a very long time. "Harry, as soon as you and your little friend are finished, I'd like to speak to you in the den." Tom turned and left the room, but not before he heard the elf hiss, "Don't worry, Master Harry sir, he is not being mad." Smirking, the Dark Lord went to his den to wait for the child. It was about twenty minutes later that Harry finally entered the den, being led by Sandie who gave the Dark Lord an impressive glare before she popped away. "Sit down, Harry. There is much we need to discuss." Nodding, the child took the leather chair in front of the desk, eyes widening minutely as Riddle rose and rounded the desk, sitting in the chair next to the boy. "The first item of business. Would you like to be my son and heir, or would you wish to remain a Potter?" "Y…you want to…to… adopt me?" the child asked incredulously, eyes wide. "If you wish it, yes. I would be honored to call you my son." "Wh…why? I mean, I'm just a scrawny freak. Why would you want to adopt me ?" Tom scowled darkly at the words the boy spoke, and Harry started to tremble, afraid he'd made the man mad. "I'm sorry!" he gasped quickly. "I didn't mean to make you mad. Please don't send me away!" Tom reached out and gently pulled the young man onto his lap, rubbing soothing circles into his back. "I'm not mad at you. I'm angry at all the people who made you feel as if you weren't worth their time or consideration. I'm angry at all the people who treated you like you didn't matter. And I'm angry at all the people who made you doubt your true worth. As for why, you are supposedly the one set to defeat me by prophecy. That tells me of the incredible magical strength you will have when you come of age. As well, you remind me painfully of myself at your age. I, too, was abused by muggles, and I vowed never to allow another wizarding child to suffer what you and I have suffered. Additionally, as I said when we first met, you are one of my horcruxes. In fact, you are the only remaining horcrux. I discovered when I researched the ritual to use the stone that I had to have most of my soul intact for the magic to work, so I reabsorbed my other safeguards. An unknown side-effect was that I regained my sanity. That gives me the impetus to protect you, and I'm growing rather fond of you as well." Harry burrowed his head in Tom's shoulder, trembling. "You haven't answered me, little one. Would you like me to adopt you?" The child could only nod, tears choking him. "Very good. I will set up the necessary ritual items, and we will do it this weekend. Would you like to return to Hogwarts next year? I guarantee that no one would be able to touch you once the adoption takes place. We can have you re-sorted if you wish, or I can petition the School Board of Governors to overrule your current placement and have you put in the Slytherin dorms. The children there will protect you with their lives, once they realize you are my son and heir." Harry pulled away, sniffling, and rubbed his eyes. "I…I think so," he answered softly. "I want to continue my magical education, and there are some Slytherins I'd like to know better. I'd also like to try and make amends to Malfoy. I should've listened to him my first year." "Very well. We shall call you Harrison Salazar Riddle. Your middle name is in honor of Salazar Slytherin, Hogwarts founder and my great many times over grandfather. Now, about this prophecy that I set into motion that dreadful Halloween night. First, let me say that I…regret causing you pain. I cannot apologize for killing your parents. They were in the way of my achieving my goals. I will, however, apologize for trying to kill you. I was not in my right mind at the time; the prophecy made me fear for my life. Had I been able to think rationally, I would have realized that going after you is what set the prophecy in motion. I do not know the full of it; however, I do believe that if we change the course of things now, the prophecy will become void. "I promise to protect you and keep you safe," he continued in a softer voice, cuddling the child closer. "I will do everything within my power to accomplish this. It means that you will have no part in this war between the Dark and the Light. Dumbledore will not be able to manipulate you into anything ever again. To ensure that he will not be able to feed you potions, Sandie will be your personal house elf at the castle, and she will be the only one to handle your food and drink. I will advise Lucius to assign a personal house elf for Draco, as well. I fear that, in failing to obtain your complete obedience, the headmaster will try and target those who may be close to you. I am hoping that you may come to see Draco as a good friend, in time. You will never be alone with Dumbledore; I will see to it that Severus is named your guardian ad litem while in school, and that the headmaster will not be able to call you to his office for a 'friendly chat'." "Okay," Harrison whispered softly, wrapping his arms around the man's neck and hugging him tightly. "Thank you for everything."