him up. My mum hated to touch him. If he was sick, he was locked away in his 'room' until he got better. My parents never spent a penny on him. My mum would hit him with a pan when he did something strange. My dad have never hit him, at least not that I ever saw, but he would abuse him verbally. This happened every single day for years. My parents hated him even more because he refuses to crumble. He comes back here every summer to basically become a slave, getting little food and being forced to do chores from dawn to sunset. Every single day he was mistreated. On Christmas, he would get a broken pencil while I got dozens of new toys. No one ever mentioned his birthday, and mine were always big parties with loads of presents. His… ability is probably the only thing that saved his life. I broke his arm once, like it really looked broken. Dad threw him into his cupboard without even a pain killer. The next day it was healed, and they didn't give him food for a week because of it. Once, he just disappeared when we were chasing him around the school. It was so fast like blinking- poof- and he was gone. Maybe if my parents hadn't informed him a hundred times a day that magic didn't exist, he would have found a way to fly away or something. You want to know the worst part? Few months ago, I was attacked by a demon-thingy (A dementor! See page 12 on Harry Potter's trial last year) from your world. It happened just after I called Potter's mum some really nasty things, but still he saved my life while risking his own. That's the type of person Harry is, it's how my parents conditioned him. Harry just saves everyone he can, probably because he knows what it's like not to be saved.'' These next words are not directed to the public, but I promised to publish them regardless. ''If you see Harry, tell him I am sorry for everything. It's completely lame, but he can't come back. My dad slapped him and threw him to the street just because a thing from your world attacked me, even though he was the one that saved me. If he values his life, he can't come back here. I don't get how no one figured it out before. "I know he is secretive. He's a bloody good liar, and manipulative too. He had to be living here, but the letter from your freak school was addressed to a 'Cupboard Under the Stairs!" Actually, that letter was the only reason why Harry finally got an actual room. My parents were scared that others would find out how they were treating him.'' I posed one final question for Mr. Dursley. ''What do you think about his magic?'' ''He's a weirdo that's for sure, but he didn't deserve what he got from us because of it. Actually, it's like my parents tried to beat the magic out of him, and I think they succeeded.'' Duddley Dusley continued, stating that, ''When I think of it, the older he got, the less stuff happened. I think he learned how to control it after a while, even if he didn't realize it. When he was little; he could just do anything, and I hated him for it. He was fast and strong despite how little he ate. His injuries, don't think the broken bone was a one-time thing, just healed. He regrew his hair once after mum cut it short. Sometimes he would even say things that would happen later on. Do all freaks do that?'' Where should I begin? Should I start with the fact that Harry Potter could apparate at the age of five, or that as a child he performed healing magic, one of the most complicated areas of magic there is, daily? Or should we focus on the image of a half-starved child from earlier being hit with a metal pan for accidental, or dare I say wandless, magic that he used to save his own life. Perhaps Mr. Potter possesses the potential for divination and metamorphmagus abilities, or it could be another manifestation of the ancient wandless magic that we know so little of today. Which is more shocking? Harry Potter- master of wandless magic, or Harry Potter- the house elf of his muggle family? Again I ask, who is Harry Potter? To me, he is a child whom authorities of both the muggle and wizarding worlds have failed completely in protecting. He is a savior who knows nothing of being safe. I also have to ask, where was the Hogwarts staff? Why didn't the teachers notice that he never went home for Christmas? Where was Dumbledore in all of this? Where was the ministry? Why did Harry never speak up? I leave you, dear readers, with one final question. How long will Mr. Potter be willing to fight for us when we were never willing to fight for him? Read my next article in tomorrow's issue: Harry Potter - The boy we forgot. For the first time in many years, Severus Snape's cool and impassive mask crumbled. It didn't help that on the next page there were two photos of Harry from his muggle primary school. His clothes were too big, his face was too gaunt, his dark hair was too messy, and those green eyes - Lily's eyes - where guarded and unreadable. What made dread install itself is his gut were the smiling happy faces of children all around, while Potter looked forgotten in the background. The previously chaotic Great Hall was stunned into silence. No one dared to speak. Some students had already finished the article, while many more where still reading. The only difference was that some were gaping at Potter in shock, while others were gaping at the paper. OOO This story was betaed by xXFor-The-Love-Of-FandomXx