figured out beyond their years even if it included the occasional silliness. But also, he did run his own apothecary outside of teaching, he'd even started it while still a student and knew how hard it could be, especially with self doubt and a whole manner of obstacles. Slowly he opens the present, never forgetting the pair are pranksters but doubts they'd do something without an audience to gain from it, and sees vials and jars with handwritten labels filled with rare ingredients. some them unable to even source within the UK, some so rare most wouldn't have the first clue what they'd be used for. the things he could create with these, a truly extravagant gift and Severus took a moment to be genuinely touched. Their notably improved behaviour had been enough good, then for them to think to leave a note was better, any gift even as gesture would be unnecessary but appreciated, but for them to think about what he would like and use, and for it to fully succeed in that endeavour? They certainly were fine young men, and Severus did wish them well. The next class he saw them in there was a silent exchange where they locked eyes and gave an appreciative nod. The twins smiled between them and he thought it done with, he treated them no differently in class than he would usually, though they gave him little reason now to be harsh with them. After a couple of weeks more he found he could tell them apart, their switching joke never working and points always deducted and awarded under the correct name. Then, the twins, seemingly accidentally, left their notebook behind yet again and Severus thought to just leave it for them to find again, but wondered if they would be so reckless again and opened the book. A bookmark lead him swiftly to a whole new set of pranks and business plans since doing the research that Severus had suggested, the cheeky things, did they really expect him to just mark it again and hand it back, this wasn't a service. However, maybe they just hoped that he would, and as he read he couldn't help but think of resources the boys could utilise, odd bits of advice to keep them right as possible and he had to give in when he noticed the niggling error of a misplaced comma. And so it began, their routine. Severus would mark and the twins would read, research, improve, the occasional gifts graced the professor's desk and, of course, the Slytherin continued in never treating them differently in class, and he found himself looking forward to seeing them achieve next steps and the odd embellished note would make him smile, not that anyone would ever know of course. Meanwhile the twins found themselves in deeper and deeper interest with the Professor every note and revision to their notebook, taking great care in choosing gifts and ingredients for the man, they'd gotten so good at potions they were actually able to help with some of the class activities, who knew studying could do so much? They talked about him almost constantly, between themselves of course, they weren't about to spread that the Professor was nice in any way, heaven forbid, wishing they could call him 'Severus', maybe see him outside of school, see if he ever took the time to unwind and what that would be like. But most notably, the twins experienced something else, something unexpected when this whole thing had started. The twins were no strangers to a bit of flirty fun, and after weeks of exchange with their favourite professor and him always on their minds, as they were flirted with by pretty girls from the year below them, and despite having their replies rehearsed and practiced to a tee the pair came to realise they…really weren't into it. The Ravenclaw girls were very attractive, smiley and offering it up for the two, even their shy friend with cute freckles whom they would usually pick up on for how they could tease her into a blush very easily and have the other girls compete for their attention, just didn't appeal to them. All they wanted to do was think about, talk about, wonder about or be around their favourite Professor. Making a flimsy excuse the brothers left and headed for their rooms, no girls in tow, and had to reason out what had just happened. They had developed a crush on Severus Snape. They had liked males before though it had never been their top preference, but maybe they hadn't met the right man, had some sexual experience but were best versed with women, and sharing a crush was no problem, they'd shared girls quite frankly, intimately at that. Professor Snape was a catch, a lot of students might consider him scary and mean therefore their imaginations ran wild with a caricature of the man, but the twins knew better, they saw the fine qualities of his face, pale like porcelain, black eyes and hair that made him seem otherworldly, that voice, that intelligence, that wit, that self control; that cheekiness. Also there was the case of where the mans loyalties lay, most let their thoughts run rampant rather than consider the facts that Albus Dumbledore, Hagrid (who couldn't keep a secret if he tried), McGonagall and even the twins own parents absolutely trusted him and respected him. Misunderstood, certainly complex and likely difficult, but the twins figured it might just be worth it. So it was decided, the twins had another mission amongst their schooling, budding business and cause for chaos: to get to know Severus Snape even better, and even more intimately. A/N: Hope you liked it, I know its a bit of an odd subject matter, if its not for you please don't flame, if you do like it feel free to make suggestions for this story, things you would like to see, and please review! - BelovedWithKindness