after she lifts the charm. "I shouldn't be out," she insists in a hissing whisper. "What do you want, Victor?" "I vant to know why you von't give me an answer about this summer," he states baldly. In the moonlight, her eyes widen slightly. " Oh ." She pauses, then nervously glances away, and says quietly, "I'm only fifteen. My parents wouldn't let me. It's too far, and I'm too young. They wouldn't understand." "Then... it has nothing to do vith... anyone else?" "What? No!" She straightens and scowls at him. "Why would you even think that?" "Because I saw how you vere talking to Potter and the other boy at the lake today. After I rescued you." His voice is dark because he is annoyed, but he doesn't hold it in check. "After I asked you to visit me this summer!" Hermione stiffens. "Harry and Ron are my best friends! I was simply glad that Harry had worked out the clue, of course! That was all! ...You know," she continues, cutting him off before he can speak, "You're just as bad as they are!" Her voice is suddenly rising in anger. "I thought maybe you were different , because you're older , but I guess all boys are alike! You're all jealous and stupid, aren't you? I can't believe you would be jealous of Harry and Ron!" Before he can stop her, she stomps back off towards the castle, and casts the Disillusionment Charm over herself to make sure he can't see her. Dumbstruck, he stands on the shore of the lake, seething at being compared to two fourteen year old boys who aren't even at his level in magic yet. And, too, because he has a sneaky suspicion that she is just a teensy bit right. oOo He finds her in the back of the library the next day after dinner, hiding amongst the towering shelves in a secretive nook they have used before. Before she can get up and storm out, he slides into the seat beside her and puts his arm around her, and presses his lips to her neck. Her small frame quakes slightly. She ducks and tries to pull away from him, but he won't let her slip away just yet. "Tell me," he whispers in her ear. "Why are your two best friends, boys? I have often vondered. It is unusual for a girl. I am just asking. I am not jealous." She flushes. "I don't want to discuss it." He sits back and looks at her. "Please tell me. I vould truly like to know." A look of sadness crosses her face and she glances down at her books and notes. After a moment, she falters, "I-I don't know. I was never good at making friends. When I first came to Hogwarts, everyone in my year hated me." "Why on earth vould they hate you?" He frowns severely. "You are a vonderfully kind person." She tucks a loose curl behind her ear out of nervousness. "That's nice of you to say, but... I can be very bossy and annoying, I suppose." "I cannot imagine that." "Ron and Harry hated me too, until Halloween that year. That particular morning, Ron said something that really hurt my feelings. He said everyone hated me because I was such a..." She swallows, as though this memory is particularly painful, before she whispers, "Such a... nightmare. I happened to overhear him. I knew he was right, but I didn't know how to change . I didn't know how not to be me ." Tears fill her eyes and began to fall, dotting the pages of her notes. "I hadn't made friends with any of the girls in my dorm. Lavender and Parvati had become friends right away, and Sarah and Sally-Anne paired off, too. But I was just sort of there. Like... an extra person who didn't fit in. After I overheard him say it, I just locked myself in the bathroom to have a good cry. I stayed there for hours." She goes on to tell him how a mountain troll got in the castle, and how Harry and Ron saved her life by going into the bathroom and fighting the troll, eventually knocking it out with its own club. In appreciation, she took the blame for their actions and the three had been inseparable ever since. "Harry and Ron," she finishes, sniffling and trying to wipe her eyes and cheeks with her fingers, "are the only friends I have. I mean, real friends. I have a lot of acquaintances here, but not friends like Harry and Ron. I don't fancy them. We're just friends, that's all." She flushes, and she doesn't meet his eyes. "Harry, he's sort of like... a brother I never had. He's a good person. He hates fame as much as you do, you know." He notices she does not say anything about the Weasley boy, but he decides not to press the point. Instead, he leans over and kisses her cheek gently, and then slowly kisses her tears away. Hermione whimpers and more tears slide down her cheeks; Victor makes certain to kiss them all, and finally kisses her mouth. "I am your friend, too," he promises quietly. "Please do not forget that. I am sorry if I irritated you. I will not press you again. Can we be friends?" To his surprise, Hermione bursts into tears again, blubbering apologies. He holds her close to let her cry. He knows, better than many people, what it is like to be lonely. Perhaps she needs a friend more than a boyfriend, he thinks sadly. But he would rather be her friend than lose her entirely. And for the first time, he is briefly thankful that she is friends with Harry Potter. Because Harry knows what loneliness is...and Hermione needs a friend like that. Perhaps Harry isn't so bad after all. Maybe one day, the two of them can be friends, too. FIN