from a fairytale itself. Her face was nothing like he had ever seen before. Even after combining the latest two girl's, the Patil twins' and Cho Chang's beauty, it would pale in comparison to what laid before him. Analyzing her face, Harry noticed her lips were a vivid red and slightly open before he was overcome with the urge taste them. Even knowing it was wrong he had to fight with all his might to stop himself from leaning down. Searching for something else, Harry desperately tried to find a distraction from her face when his eyes fell upon the witch's hair as the silver-blond tresses shimmered in the sunlight. Having never truly seen more radiant hair, he once again had to resist the urge to touch the girl. Breaking away from her appearance yet again, Harry finally noticed that he was not only lying on top of her still but that his left hand was at her side trapping her from moving away. Remembering the pain from earlier, he glanced for his right worriedly realizing that it had made its way underneath her. Immediately horrified, having just groped her arse, Harry quickly picked himself off of her, stuttering apologies while her eyes widened. Trying his best to fight off the embarrassment, despite failing miserably, Harry offered his hand to her with a nervous smile. After eyeing him cautiously for a moment she accepted, hauling herself to her feet in a flourish. "I'm.. I'm sorry about that...really sorry... I should have expected them to do something like that." He continued apologetically after having pulled his hand away from her. She looked on, obviously surprised and flustered by his actions. Finally after pulling herself together, she spoke to him in a foreign accent. "Non! Eet was my fault, I shouldn't 'ave used you like zat to keep them away." The seducing quality of her voice sending chills up his spine. Judging by the way she had reacted, he assumed that she wasn't accustomed to this kind of treatment. Waving off her apology he replied, "It's fine, no harm done. I'm just glad that I could help." Finishing with a smile and at a loss of what more to say, Harry began to step away when she suddenly grabbed his hand hauling him away to a secluded area. This action alone inspiring various looks ranging from envy, jealously and anger on both men and women alike. When they were finally able to speak in peace, she looked into his eyes expectantly while releasing his hand. "Zat was ze first time zat someone apologised for touching moi. I 'ave to ask you 'ow you manage it, also 'ow you manage to draw away? Were you just faking when I asked you to help me or are you truly unaffected?" Harry could see the hope in her eyes as she gazed at him, for which he was confused by. Nevertheless he answered her question. "Ahh, I honestly don't know what you're talking about. Of course I would apologise it's the proper thing to do for touching you like that and despite trying to stay out of trouble I just can't. But I'm afraid I don't understand what you mean by affected by you?" Harry was perplexed to say the least and the look on her face didn't help. The girl's features cycled through shock, amazement and joy at the revelation before she slowly held out her delicate hand to him, with a bright smile. "Fleur Delacour, pleazure to meet you." She presented formally but with an excited voice. Harry grasped her hand as he came to the decision of supplying her with a false name. After years of being judged solely on a title he wished never existed, Harry was determined to make sure she would still be interested in an average wizard. "I'm Harold Parker, but you can call me Harry." He replied with a grin of his own, grateful of the bangs covering his scar and satisfied that she shook his hand without hesitation. Although he soon had to fight his body in order to draw it back. Avoiding any kind of awkwardness from the prolonged touch. "Well 'Arry, it was very nice to meet and I 'ope zat I will see you again. Where about are you seating at ze match?" Fleur asked in a hopeful manner. Harry could tell from the anticipation on her face that she genuinely wanted to sit with him. He had to stop himself from getting too flustered by that simple fact. But she, an utterly gorgeous witch, hoped to sit next to him. Despite not even knowing that he was indeed Harry Potter! "Everyone I came with are finding some seats amongst the crowd I believe." Upon finishing, he felt his heart drop at the wounded and disappointed look that flashed across her visage. "Oh, we are seating at ze top box. My fazzer was invited by ze Minister of Britain. Since we won't see each ozzer at ze match, can you wait for me at ze entrance when we are going out zen? I would really like to see you again 'Arry." So enamoured by her innocent demeanour while she peered at him behind long lashes, Harry had agreed immediately. Instantly perking up at the news with a large smile on her face, she bid him goodbye before hurriedly leaving to locate her family. As Harry watched her seemingly glide away, he reflected on just how remarkable it was that such a radiant soul could endure, amidst a polluted world. AN: Some readers may notice the similarity between the first three chapters along with those of His Angel by durararaaa. However these occurrences will not be the case for long, I felt the need to reference that great story and give it the credit due. Well this is basically the same thing, but also different at the same time. Read and Review, I would like to know what you think about the edited story.