swallow it. "Peter," I hear Remus call, and The Rat looks up at a point over my left shoulder. Beady eyes, pale and shiny with sweat. I can smell his fear. Her eyes are closed, but her face has a pinched look. I close my eyes, breathe, open them. I walk forward. My wand's in my hand and it's leveled at Peter. "Peter," I call. Focus. Anger. The hate can get me through this. The Rat makes a noise and shrinks against a signpost at the end of the street. I see maybe a dozen Muggles walking around, maybe going to a party, maybe taking their children guising. I don't know; I don't care. I march down towards Pettigrew. "What the hell do you think you're doing, Peter?" I ask loudly. My voice is calm, almost mocking. I'm pretty close and I can see The Rat thinking. "Wh-wh-what are you doing? You-Remus, he, he betrayed them! James and Lily, Remus! He betrayed them!" His face is shining in the little light it catches and he's shaking. This, this gannet, ligger, this-I'm so angry I don't have words. Remus does, though. "Really Peter? Is that why I found him crying on James and Lily's doorstep and found you running away?" He's stepped a couple of steps in front of me, so I can see him. He's doing that thing where he gets emotional so he shuts down. He's running cold and accurate now. He's merciless. He's terrifying. He's beautiful. Peter's eyes open wide, then squint down, trying to look pitiful. Shame neither of us have any pity now, yeah? "R-remus. Remus, he killed them and I had to run. I had to! Or he'd kill me too." Remus starts striding farther forward. "I think we both know that's a lie, Peter." "Remus-he- HE KILLED THEM! HE BETRAYED JAMES AND LILY AND HE KILLED THEM!" He's yelling and I blink. Is that his wand in his hands, down by his waist? He makes a complicated little movement and then suddenly it's bright, and I can't see, and my ears are ringing. I don't move a moment, dazed. It's a moment longer before I realize that I'm face down on the pavement of the street. I try to sit up, push my hair out of my face. My cheek hurts and my hand comes back red. Harry's sticky forehead and my hand comes back red. "Sirius?" come soft, perpetually drawling tones over the ringing in my ears. I turn and see Remus, covered in dirt and scuffed, and really that sweater is just trash now, not that it wasn't poxy to start with. He's shivering, the hand still clutching his hand shaking. His eyes are wide and bright and looking so damn Young. He stills just a second, then seems to give into himself and suddenly those shaking hands are smoothing over my face, lingering on the pulse on my neck a second before they retreat. He gives a soft sigh. I do too, then I look around. Everything's busted up, exploded. I can see the Muggles collapsed on a nearby sidewalk. I can hear screaming in the distance. I push up to my feet and work my way over to where Peter was. One Muggles, there on the sidewalk? She's a bloody mess. I look aside and find the now crooked signpost. There's a collection of blood, slowly eeking it's way over to the gutter grate. There's one finger laying in the middle. It's like before, when I can feel laughter bubbling up. But this time, The Black-ness, I can't fight it, and then I'm laughing. I can't stop. "He-haha- Re, Remus, he must have- haha. He must have killed himself! With the curse! Haha! It backfired! Hahahaha…" I drop to my knees, clutching my stomach with one hand, the other trying to dig my short little nails into the pavement. I'm crying and laughing and I must look mad. But everything's exploded, and James and Lily's precious little cottage. Most of it's standing fine, still with the neat flowerbeds and trimmed hedge, but the roof! The house only seems to Have half a roof... But no, isn't it terrible? And isn't it funny? Because James and Lily are dead. And all those Muggles are dead. And Peter's dead. I'm yanked up by my shoulders and I feel a smack across the cheek that isn't bleeding and suddenly I can hear when Remus yells at me to, "Calm DOWN, Sirius!" I'm down to occasional chuckles now and when I look and focus, I notice that the Aurors are here. Moody's here and that's both mortifying and relieving, but mostly it's hilarious. I try to shut up while Remus talks and while they ask questions and it's not really that hard because once the chuckles die down, I can just stare down at the pavement or up at the stars. And some part of me, maybe it's the Black-ness, the madness, or whatever, but I can't help thinking, Thank you. And with the bloodbath today, I bet Bellatrix would be pleased. I focus in when I hear Moody saying, "Black! Eh, Black?" I meet his eyes and ask, "Yeah?" which I'm surprised doesn't get me hexed. But then again, can anything surprise me after today? Either way, Moody takes it in stride. "I said, Black, 'Is what he said all right?'" I hadn't heard a damn word. "Yeah, it's all right." Moody nods and a voice says, "Then, if you're finished, Alastor, I'd like a word with these two." I look over. Dumbledore. He's standing over to one side, looking more grave than I think I've ever seen him, hands crossed. "Yeah," Moody says, "you talk to them." Remus and I cross over to Dumbledore and he nods a greeting. On the way over, Remus meets my eyes. "I'm sorry, Pads," he says quietly, "and thank you." I give a surprisingly real smile. "The same, Moony." And suddenly, his hand is in mine.