Remus took a nervous breath, then walked up to the stool. He sat as gingerly as Peter had, and he flinched as the hat was placed on his head. "Hmm, you have a mind for knowledge. You thirst to know more about your world. You are shy, but love to learn. You are very practical, and logic makes sense to you." Remus realized he was hearing the hat's thoughts. The Sorting Hat definitely seemed like it was leaning toward Ravenclaw and Remus started to feel pleased. Then a jolt of sadness shot through him as he thought of James and Peter, who sat at the Gryffindor table, and of Sirius, who sure seemed like a Gryffindor to him. "Hmm," the hat grumbled. "That changes things. You are loyal. You stick to your friends' sides. You would fit in Ravenclaw, but it is not the optimal the place for you. So... GRYFFINDOR!" Remus' eyes fluttered open and a wide grin spread over his face as he watched the Gryffindors cheer. His grin widened as he picked out James and Peter clapping wildly, James letting out a whoop. Remus got up and heading for the table, sitting across from James and Peter. "Welcome to the club, mate," James whispered. Remus grinned at him, then turned and caught Sirius' eye. The other boy was watching the students that were getting sorted with a relaxed, almost bored look. "Sirius Black!" The hall fell silent, watching as Sirius made his way to the Sorting Hat. The raven-haired boy sat, still looking supremely bored. As the hat was placed on his head, Remus narrowed his eyes, wondering what the hat was saying. Don't you dare put him in Slytherin, Remus threatened mentally. There was silence throughout the hall as they watched. "GRYFFINDOR!" the hat bellowed. The hall stayed quiet, stunned silent. Remus felt a grin spreading across his face. His gaze caught Sirius' again, and the raven-haired boy gave him a lop-sided grin. Then James let out a cheer, standing and clapping. The rest of the Gryffindors quickly followed suit, letting out triumphant roars. Polite but confused applause came from the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs. The Slytherins sat in stony silence. Sirius slid onto the bench next to Remus. "Guess who you're stuck with?" he asked. Remus rolled his eyes yet again, but he couldn't hide his grin. James and Peter smiled at him from across the table, and Remus decided it was time to throw his parents' warnings about not making close friends out the window. I'll just have to be careful, Remus thought. A few more students were sorted, but Remus wasn't paying much attention. James' story of what the Hat had said to him was much more interesting. The clang of a spoon hitting a goblet interrupted their moment, and Remus turned to look at the teachers' table. Dumbledore was standing, his arms raised for quiet. "I understand all of you want to eat, as I myself am hungry, so I will keep this short. Prefects, I hope to see the same level of performance I have seen in years past. First years, I expect you to respect the teachers. And everyone, you really must try the apple pie when it comes out." A wave of laughter swept over the students. "Let's eat!" Dumbledore finished. Remus returned his attention to the table and watched as food appeared on the platters. Everything Remus could imagine was somewhere on the long table. Remus, Peter, James, and Sirius fell quiet, stuffing their faces with meats (mostly Remus and Sirius) and desserts (all of them were guilty there). By the time the meal had ended and the Gryffindor prefects herded said house out of the Great Hall, Remus' stomach was very full. Almost too full. "And I never eat again," Sirius moaned to Remus as they walked up the stairs. "Until tomorrow you mean," Remus said with another roll of his amber eyes. "You seem to like to roll your eyes a lot." "Only around you. I'm usually quite polite." "I have that effect on people." Remus was more than a little surprised to find a chuckle escape his lips. He wondered how in the space of six hours, he had made more friends than he had in the past six years. The prefect leading stopped the group at the Fat Lady's portrait. "Password?" she asked. "Fortitudo," the prefect said. The Fat Lady inclined her head, then swung open. The students crowded inside. The Gryffindor common room was cozy. Chairs and tables, a fireplace with chairs around it, rugs and other items decorated the space. Most students were heading for their dorms or their favorite spots, but Remus wasn't sure where to go. "Oi, Sirius, Remus!" Remus looked up and noticed James and Peter standing at the foot of a staircase across the room. "C'mon and see the dorm!" James called, already halfway up the steps. Remus glanced at Sirius, who stood at his shoulder, then hurried after James, taking the steps two at a time. Remus stopped at the top of the stairs, which earned him an annoyed grunt, but he didn't care. The room was so homey, it made Remus feel warm. Four-poster beds with curtains that could be drawn, chests at the foot of each. James lay sprawled on the one to Remus' left, and Peter pushed his way past to collapse on his claimed bed. Remus entered the room and drifted to the bed nearest the window, noting his chest already sat at the foot of it. Sirius crashed into the bed across from Remus', sending him a grin. Remus smiled back. "Welcome to Hogwarts, mates!" James called, bouncing on his bed with a giddy smile. And thus this chapter has ended! Please drop a review and let me know what you think, as feedback will help my inspiration flow! Side note, this is a fic I'm republishing, but I still have to proofread it. My style had changed. Until next time, Bird out!