things." Good if you want your friends to believe Sirius is not into you. Two) "I said no." Your friends will look at you like you're insane, but if you're big into truth, that is the answer to go with. Three) "Why would I go out with Sirius Black? He likes Remus, obviously." This answer will definitely get you some stares, and is best said only to the friends you know are smart enough to take this answer the right way. Four) "I didn't want to." There you are! Four answers to your friends that wonder why in the world you would give up a date with Sirius Black, the heartthrob of Hogwarts. (Personally, I wonder why anyone would risk one. I mean, Sirius goes out with another girl each week. I wish Remus would hurry up and tell that bloody idiot how he feels. Then they can both be happy.) One of your friends falls for Remus. I know these seem mostly relationship related, but you need to know how to deal these scenarios should they come up. And this one happens to be one of the hardest you will ever face. If a friend of yours falls for Remus Lupin, before you wish them well and let them be, let me point a few things out. First off, Remus is the exact opposite of Sirius Black. I remember one time that Remus was asked to go on a date with one of the most popular girls in the school, and right in front of everyone, he declined, telling her she should go see Sirius if she wanted a date. (Note: Remus looked very bitter as he said that last part.) The entire common room just stared at Remus. He didn't really seem to care, and when I looked over at Sirius, his jaw was just about on the floor. I wish I could say Sirius went after Remus, but unfortunately, he just sat there like a dead fish. On the bright side, he didn't go after that girl either! Anyways, first tell your friend that Remus doesn't do girlfriends. That's true enough. If that isn't enough to make you friend reconsider their choice of crush, then tell them that if they want Remus, they'll have to go through Sirius Black. That will probably be enough to stop them, but if you have a really stubborn friend, tell them that Remus is crushing on someone else. If that doesn't work, give up and wait for your friend to come back to the dorm with a crushed expression. There's a party going on in the Gryffindor common room. At midnight. This one is really directed towards Gryffindors who happen to value sleep and peace, like me and Remus. The easiest thing to do here is cast a Silencing charm over the door. That will block out the sounds, but there is the offhand chance that you might accidentally silence your dorm. If you want an even easier way, just get your wand, ruffle up your hair, then go down the stairs and shout at the common room that if they don't pack up shop and go to sleep, you'll hex them into oblivion. You will probably get the peace you desire. You wake up in a place you don't remember falling asleep in. Take a deep breath and stay calm. You did not have a wild party the previous night. One of your friends probably hexed your bed to look like another place. If you don't have friends that you think would do that to you, then get out of your bed, and if you appear back in your dorm, fix your bed, go hex to the boys' staircase, then go back to bed. The Marauders will feel it when they come downstairs. If you stood up and actually are in a place other than your dorm, I would recommend going to Madam Pomfrey and getting some sleepwalking pills. You are walking the grounds and suddenly Remus bursts out of a bush, closely followed by a large black dog. Don't worry, Remus isn't in any danger. Don't look twice, just walk on and maybe one day you'll figure out where that dog came from. If you see Remus again a few seconds later and you see Sirius Black instead of a dog, I'm going to assume you're smart enough to put two and two together and get four, not sixteen. Hex Index, complete with Lily's notes on each Stupefy Stuns whatever Marauder happens to be irritating you. The Marauder in question probably has an immunity to the spell by now, but it will give you time to get away. Expelliarmus Gets the wand away from whatever person you wish to disarm. With a bit of practice, you can teach yourself to hit the wand so that it flies into your hand or at least somewhere near. Immobulus Petrifies the person that is bothering you. Really handy when you want to get by James Potter without him speaking. Petrificus Totalus If you don't want to deal with James Potter for several hours, place this full-body curse on him. It will take Remus at least an hour to remove the curse, and at least two hours for the Marauders to find him, and that's if they even look for him. Petrificus Totalus Duo This handy little gem works best when Black and Potter are both heading your way. Just don't hex Peter and Remus. They don't deserve it. And that concludes my advice to you! This should cover anything that is too odd for you to deal with. If any of the Marauders ever bother you, just remember, hexing them is the best option, and with my top five charms, hexes and curses, you should be fine. If you need more help, just come and find me. I'll be in the Gryffindor common room, studying with Remus and the rest of the Marauders and trying to keep my sanity intact. Lily Evans