not even remotely the big prude that everyone thinks I am (I'm just very picky about who gets my goods) - - That's another thing concerning my Ron, he does what I ask him to do, far more often than Harry (and that's really significant) Meanwhile I removed my everyday jeans and top, striping down to my (plain Jane) bra and knickers. Now I've seen some (post-war) 'Fan art' of me (Harry has it too) and most of it makes me look like a centerfold model …and yes … I know what a center fold is (I mean honestly!) some little kids drawings have me as a stick-figure – others have my measurements exaggerated to the point of hysterical levels. – Bullocks, all of it! My point is … I've always been very insecure about my body (most girls are) - For some unexplainable reason I felt conflicted in the Prefect's bath … I wanted Ron to see (what little figure - I have) but at the same time I didn't want Harry to see it … (does that make any sense?) - - This whole bath 'thingy' was yet another of my not so brilliant ideas, which I didn't properly think all the way through, before I set things in motion. - Ron then locked and muted the door_ and took a last bite of his sandwich before stepping into the water. Shortly there-afterward Harry (to my horror) discovered that my bra turns transparent in water. He rolled his eyes at me when he pointed this out; chuckling softly as I fidgeted, both hands now covering my admittedly small breasts (32b) which meant I was unable to reach for a hand towel. "Go ahead, show Ron your … 'bee sting' sized fun-bags", he said with a casual sigh. (As if he's seen them countless times) "You've already warped me for life as it is." Although I felt insulted by Harry's comment (my breasts aren't that tiny) truthfully; I can't compare to the way Cho or Ginny fill out a jumper. - In fact; I hadn't gotten the opportunity to show 'anyone' my bare bosom (not yet anyway) so my breast_ ' size ' _can't be the reason for me to be freaking-out? _Could it be that; Ron seeing my … for the first time, could that … him … seeing my … was that why I was so nervous. Logically, my behavior makes no sense; I had sun bathed plenty of times on the topless beaches of Monaco on Holiday, with my parents. - Secondly: I often went-about without a bra; not that anyone beside Seamus noticed … I preferred instead several tee-shirts under a blouse. - If the truth was told, I didn't need to wear a bra; but as I got older, I started wearing one again (in self-defense) after catching Seamus straining hard while looking at my jumper covered chest for any sign of pokies (that Irishman was a consistent, pervert). So I went back to covering my bosom and here I was removing said item, in a 'Prefect tub' and marveling at the idea that I was topless in a hot tub with a mostly naked Ron and a very naked Harry Potter. A year ago, the chances of this happening were about the same as Snape joining the royal ballet to play the black swan. But I've grown up loads during the last few years (war tends to do that) and not just physically, although that was possibly the catalyst, but mentally as well. Sometimes you have to accept that you can't win every battle. A house-elf named Tweaky taught me that. I tricked her into freedom. She started drinking shortly after that, and it was touch and go for a while as to whether she would even survive. Ron found out what I'd done and saved her – and me, he does that a lot; with Tweaky happily enslaved to his bloodline. - I'm not a fan of elf enslavement … but regretfully; freedom for them would automatically translate into racial suicide. - And that is even a worse idea. It took Harry a lot of effort to help me 'get-over' what I had almost done – (killed a house-elf) and I needed a long talk with the elf in question for me to come to terms with this 'elf culture' mind-set. It was a hard lesson that I will never forget. I was mad at Ron for a-bit, thinking that there had to be another way, but there wasn't and now both my friends have a house-elf _ like the troll incident years earlier: Ron, Harry and I had been a lot closer since Tweaky's near death. On a positive note, Tweaky has dramatically changed Ron's life, his clothing and flat are now spotlessly clean and his house elf is ecstatically happy because Ron (as a normal boy) is a messy slob. During the camping trip we saw each other in various states of undress in the tent (before Ron left) – which means I got to see on a daily basis the barely held together nature of Ron's hand me downs. After a while you do become somewhat desensitized to the rags Ron wore. I saw Harry's far newer Y-fronts when he slept with me on the coldest of winter nights (for warmth reasons only) and the difference was striking - Of course when Ron came back that first time and he saw the widened cot pulled next to the heating stove … he knew we were sharing a bed, I wanted to say something and yet, I didn't. The next morning he was gone … again. (Dammit) 88**88 To be continued … maybe **If Jeconais is okay with this, I'll keep going. He's got his own website and I've forgotten the username for both of my accounts. So I can't ask permission in advance (like I usually do). The slightest objection from him and I'll pull this in a heartbeat.