its occupants and a golden throne appeared. Harry dropped the bag with a meaty squelch and sat haphazardly on the throne, one leg kicked over the arm. He scanned the room slowly ignoring the shouts of protest. Shadows leapt out everywhere and seven members were hauled from their seats on forced to kneel on the floor in front of the raised stage. Harry waved his hand airily and the room silenced. "Three and a half years ago I defeated the Dark Wanker Flight From Death, AKA Voldemort, AKA Tom Riddle. Three years ago I told this world to leave me and mine alone. I wanted nothing to do with it or you anymore. That to draw me back for any reason would a folly of epic proportions. "Nine days ago," Harry drawled, "My wedding band let me know my wife had been attacked - magically. When I found my wife laying in the rain in a filthy street gutter, she was bleeding out from a dark cutting curse across her abdomen and a piercing hex to her left lung. I'm not quite sure if she died from the blood loss or drowned in her own blood. Point being though, that she was attacked because she was my wife. With her death she took my unborn twin sons with her. The heirs to the Potter and Black and families. The two that would eventually sit in those two seats just there." Harry pointed to the upper tier where the Potter and Black seats sat vacant. "My investigation showed two familiar magical signatures. Two men, who I testified on behalf of, murdered my wife and sons. I followed their apparation trail and found myself in the entrance hall to Malfoy Manor." Harry grinned sadistically. "I returned the favor. The Malfoy line is no more." He waved his hand again and the five bodies flew from the bag and stuck to the wall behind him. "Malfoy killed my wife to draw me out on advice from Nott and Avery." The four members of the Nott family flew from the bag to the wall. The two Avery men joined them. "Nott was apparently not happy with the actions of Hermione Weasley nee Granger. He and Avery killed her, her husband Ronald, and my goddaughter Rose. I returned the favor. I entombed my wife and sons at Potter Manor and returned to the house we called home together. Only my home was no longer standing. It was a pile of debris and ash." Nine bodies flew from the bag to the wall. "These nine men laid waste to my home." Sixteen more bodies joined them. "All of the memories, mementos, every trace of my wife was destroyed. I took theirs and their families life in payment." Thirty-one goblin bodies appeared on the wall. "Gringotts is the only ones who knew where to find me. They are the only ones who knew my wards. THEY SOLD ME OUT!" Harry was breathing heavily, his magic lashing out violently, the shadows writhing and humming waiting for his bidding. "This is the clan that was responsible. Sadly, the rest of the Goblin Nation did not agree with my retribution. They have been removed from this land to the last soul. The gnomes of Switzerland have agreed to take over in their stead. The bank should reopen in a few days as they get things cleaned up and put to order there. I'm afraid to say it was rather a mess once I was done. "Now all of these individuals that attacked me and mine have one thing in common. Anyone care to take a guess what that is?" Harry looked around the hall, everyone was staring in shock at the bodies so casually displayed, many of them with obvious torture wounds. "They all bore the dark mark. So me thinks to me self, Harry ole chum, what's to stop the next dark lord or even one of these so called upstanding pureblood citizens from freeing those nutty fucks in Azkaban? Obviously I cannot trust that these scum will not attempt to come after me again so I did what this sad excuse of wizards and witches in front of me could not do themselves. I killed them all. Quick and painless. A heart stopping curse on all of them. No need to worry about the Dementors, I only left one alive and he has agreed to never leave the island on pain of agonizing death. "These seven kneeling here are the last of the Death Eaters on the British Isles. There are still many abroad that I'll track down before long, but these are the last of the infestation on this once great island." Shadows leapt from around the room and tore the seven men to pieces. "Their families have already been taken care of." Harry sniffed as a pile of bodies flew from the duffel and landed on the macabre pile of body parts. "Now, I'll be travelling for a time. I have eleven Death Eaters to track down and dispose of. I've no clue really how long it will take, maybe a month, maybe a year or two, but I will find them, and I will kill them. When I return, this island had better be great again. That pitiful excuse for a school up there in Scotland had better be brought into line with ICW standards. The corruption in this ministry had better be rooted out. The discriminatory and bigoted laws you lot like to hide behind had better become about equality or stricken completely. You will not like it if I have to do it myself." Harry stood from his throne and grinned to the occupants of the hall. "Cheer up! A new dawn has risen ladies and gentlemen. Each and every magical on these islands answers to me now. And I'm all out of mercy." " Rule them." The Wand cackles. "A much better plan. You have succeeded where even Grindelwald and Dumbledore failed."