either. Remus hopped back in and slammed the door shut. "Could you drop me off at work," Remus asked. "Answer me. Sirius Black?" He'd never been struck speechless before. It was an uncomfortable feeling and, like any time he felt uncomfortable, his smarmy mask of indifference took over his facial features. Sirius smirked and put the car into reverse. He stepped on the gas and Charlie shook his head as his arms fell from the open window. "I'll see you again," Charlie affirmed, his voice carrying across the courtyard and reaching Sirius. Charlie jutted out his chin with so much confidence, Sirius was obliged to believe him. So he didn't reply with a "No you won't," like he was normally wont to do. Sirius reversed the whole way off the school's grounds without looking back, his gaze firmly on Charlie's shrinking figure. He felt a slight dip as the curb ended and knew that it was time to turn around now. Sirius felt the urge to stay and it was a strong one. For the first time in his whole life, Sirius wanted to exit his jeep and sprint toward someone. Then he would snog the daylights out of him in front of all these people. The vision was tempting and that fact alone was upsetting. What was happening to him? With one final push of his mind, he twisted the steering wheel to the right so that the whole school could see the word "Queers" once more before he left. His gaze finally left Charlie's and like a spell had been broken, he was able to put the jeep into drive and leave uptown Manchester. He didn't look back. With each kilometer further from a certain redhead, Sirius felt his smile grow weaker until it was gone altogether. It was then that Remus finally spoke up. "Padfoot." "Oh you're using my childhood nickname," Sirius noticed. "This must be serious." Remus hummed in agreement. "You didn't say 'no'." "Hmm?" Sirius didn't even know why he was playing dumb, because that act certainly never worked on Remus. "Are you going to see him again," Remus asked. Sirius snorted. "Of course not." Remus was clearly unconvinced. "Then why didn't you say 'no' when he asked if he would." Sirius turned into the ASDA where Remus worked as a manager without answering. When he came to a stop, he tapped his fingers on the steering wheel trying to come up with a response that made sense, but he honestly didn't have one. So Sirius just shrugged and flashed Remus his signature smirk. "Don't know." Remus huffed in mock annoyance, shaking his head. "Well, I think all you did was get yourself a stalker." Sirius's smirk turned into a genuine smile at that and he laughed. "Delightful, isn't it?" Remus hung his head in dismay. "I don't think I'll ever understand you." Sirius turned toward his best mate until they were facing directly opposite each other. "Well that's worrying." "Oh?" "If you of all people don't understand me, then no one ever will." Charlie stood watching the spot where the jeep had disappeared for a long time. He didn't notice the stares or the pointing or the whispers. He didn't notice much of anything really. His mind was filled with only one question: Was it all a dream? "Charlie? Earth to Charlie." A hand waved in front of his face and he was effectively pulled out of his trance. "Tonks." Tonks smirked up at him, her green eyes so wide with amusement they hurt to look at. "Who was that," she asked as she roped his tie around his neck and slung his bag over his shoulder. Charlie thanked his early-morning self for having the foresight to call his best friend and have her pick up his things and give an excuse to his parents as to his whereabouts that morning. He was certain she did a wonderful job. Charlie smiled down at her and knotted his tie with expert hands, before he once again looked down the lane where the first man he'd ever been with disappeared moments ago. "Charlie who was that?" Charlie's eyes remained on the spot in the distance when he answered. "I don't know really. But I'm going to find out." Sirius Black. It was an unusual name to say the least. According to the man, everyone in his family was named after the stars. Orion. Regulus. Bellatrix. Alphard. Arcturus. Draco. Cygnus. Pollux. Considering no one had ever had the pleasure of meeting his family, most thought he made all these names up. When asked why they thought he might do such a thing, they would say, "To make himself seem more mysterious and important." Since he named himself after the dog star, the brightest star you can see from Earth, one could see their point. However, whether he made up the name Sirius or not is quite inconsequential, for the man happened to live up to it. Fake or real, it was certainly a fitting moniker. Sirius was a dog. He was a sexual being who could pull any bloke he set his sights on, and you felt lucky when those sights landed on you. Being with Sirius Black was practically legendary, the lovable fucker that he was. And Sirius was also the brightest star in any room in which he found himself. The minute he stepped into the club, his smile shined so brilliantly it was practically blinding. Love him or leave him, but you'd be lying if you said you didn't notice him. There were many men that flitted in and out of Sirius's bedroom and all of them had the greatest night of their lives. It had always been enough for them. One night and then it was over, each bloke leaving with a story to tell their mates. Yes, Sirius Black had had many men, but there was one that refused to be just one of the many. He wanted to be the last.