as they were losing death eaters faster than they could recruit them. Now that Harry and his friends were executing all captured Deatheaters and using their emergency portkeys to send their heads back, recruitment had dried up. The swing in the tide had also cause more wizards to fight back when attacked. The veritaserum confessions were being sent to the press and the Wizengamot was in chaos. Some members wanted Harry and his friends arrested even thought there was no actual proof they were responsible. Some members wanted to deputize them and still others were terrified because of what might happen if someone caught the distinctive tattoo they had on their own arms. With the brutal methods being employed, the last group seemed to be shrinking every week. Draco's response was to work harder. After discovering the uselessness of his right arm he had trained himself to use his left hand. Revenge is a great motivator and while he would never be able to cast as well as with his missing dominant hand he re-achieved proficiency with his wand. His first mission once he had completed his retraining was to find the "mudblood's" parents. He knew it would be suicide to challenge the golden trio with his weaker magic when they had already taken out Bellatrix and the Lestrange brothers; three of the Dark Lords most powerful followers, so he decided to attack the unprotected belly. He should have been suspicious that they were so easy to find but he was blinded by his quest for vengeance and his misguided belief in his own intelligence. He kicked in the door and screamed "crucio" His spell flew over someone's head and splash against a wall. So weak was the spell that it didn't even scorch the paper. It would have delivered unimaginable pain if it had hit someone but that was more a product of the spell and not the caster. The stronger the wizard the greater the pain, but any wizard casting that spell will cause blinding pain. That's why it's unforgivable. "Expelliarmus" The voice was calm but Draco's wand felt like it would rip is remaining hand off to get away from him. By the time Draco's senses returned to him he noticed that the room had three people in it. He looked into the smirking faces of the three people he hated most in the world and activated his emergency portkey. It deposited him in his bedroom where he raged for three hours. He ripped down the curtains, overturned his desk and ripped into the books in his personal library. When he had finished he looked around at the devastation, collapsed against a wall and fell asleep. He woke up to the familiar sensation of a full body bind. At first he thought it was the expected nightmare of his time in the cell when he lost his hand but the familiar colors of his room and the feel of his broken bed across his foot brought him to full alarm. Then his alarm turned to horror as his bedroom door opened and in walked the golden trio. As calm as they did it the first time they conjured the same table and the same chairs and the same tea set. They levitated him into the fourth chair and began a conversation about how they knew he was too stupid to lay low and that he would be too cowardly to attack them directly. They told him that they had a bet that the clues that lead to Hermione's parent's house were too obvious for anyone to believe, but Ron told them that he knew how dumb purebloods could be and now Hermione and Harry owed him a galleon. There are no words for what Draco was feeling. He was sitting in the most protected stronghold that the pureblood movement had. The Dark Lord himself, was downstairs and here in his room sat Harry bloody Potter. And he was calmly having tea and biscuits with his friends. As his left hand was chopped off in the same manner as his right for attempting an unforgivable on a muggle the realization hit him. He was an average wizard and he was sitting in front of greatness. That the three most powerful magic users of his generation was a muggleborn, a half-blood and a pure blood should have led to further realizations but as he was sure he would be dead before the next sunset his mind was preoccupied. They were not going to kill him. His emergency portkey had delivered them right into the Dark Lords sanctuary and both they and he knew that the price for that would be a painful death. He hoped that they had come to finish the war and kill the Dark Lord thus saving him, unintentionally, from death but no, that was not the plan. They knew how easy it was for the death eaters to re-establish themselves after the first war and intended to kill them all before handling the Dark Lord. There would be a new wizarding world when they were done. One of justice and equality. One that had no place for the bigotry and corruption that the wizarding nobility represented. They did cast a Fidelis, but it was only to hide the fact that Hermione had created a device that captured the Dark Lords magic that was everywhere in the house. With it they would be able to find him wherever he was so that when the time came he could not flee from his death. And then they left Draco Malfoy was an average wizard. That is not a particular ground breaking statement but in this case it isn't a statement, it's a realization. A realization being made by that same wizard as he sat quietly at a table in his room at Malfoy Manor, or more realistically, Dark Lord Headquarters waiting to die. The Dark Lord would know the truth and death would be his only reward.