made up his mind. "I'm going to try to drive away, but if he does manage to stop the car, Apparate to the car park we were at earlier, where we discovered those guns. Got that?" "Yes." He slowly drove away from the pump, past the shop and onto the car park. It was nearly empty, only a handful of cars and a few lorries were there, dotted around the drab grey field. The picnic tables were all deserted. Savage's black SUV was parked further away, against the treeline, and the tall, blond Auror that Harry had known since his training at the start of his career stood casually next to it. He pulled up next him, and opened his window when Savage knocked on it. "What's going on, Savage? And why did you think it was a good idea to send me a Patronus when I was clearly in a Muggle area?" Harry asked, outwardly hiding his nervousness as best he could. He turned the engine off, even though his instincts screamed against it. "Sorry boss," Savage said pleasantly. "But I've received a credible threat against Miss Weasley here." He nodded to Ginny. "And I couldn't think of another way to let you know so quickly." "Alright," Harry said. "So how did you get here so quickly? How did you get that car, by the way?" He matched his colleague's nonchalant tone, but his foot hovered over the accelerator, and his hand touched the gear stick, ready to shift, reverse out of the parking spot and leave. "That's a lot of questions," Savage chuckled. "It's not really a flashy story. I live nearby, see, and this car's mine. Never took it to London, though, so I don't think you've seen it before. Quite a looker, isn't she?" "Harry?" Ginny whispered beside him. "Yeah, it is! Anyway, we could talk all day, but you did say you had a reason for seeing us. What threat did you mean to talk about?" Ginny was still furtively pulling his sleeve to try and grab his attention. Harry quietly waved her away and hoped Savage didn't notice. "Oh, it's a letter we intercepted, and quite an alarming one," the Auror said. "I've got it in my car, so just get out for a minute, an' I'll show it to you." "Alright. But can I ask you something, Callum?" Savage's cheerful expression wavered somewhat and Harry saw his hand twitch. "Yeah, of course. What is it?" "Why are all these men surrounding our car?" The whole atmosphere changed instantly. Any trace of friendliness left Savage and he barked something to the other men behind his car as he lunged at Harry. Ginny's wand was out in an instant, but Harry had already put his car in reverse and he steered backwards. Someone shouted behind them and he heard a loud thunk when collided with someone. "Go, Harry, go!" Ginny shouted. He shifted gear and sped away with screeching tires, just before Savage could open the door on Ginny's side. Their assailants, one on his back, and the others already running to Savage's car, steadily became smaller in the mirrors as he exited the parking lot and rejoined the road. "What the fuck was that?" Ginny asked beside him. "I don't know!" Harry said. "Well, at least he didn't cast a spell on the car. Did you recognise any of them?" "No, of course I didn't! Why would I recognise them?" "I'm trying to find out what's going on, cause something very, very bad is happening. Are they following us?" "I don't know, I can't see them, anyway. God, these mirrors are useful." "Alright." He paused and ran his hand through his hair. "Shit, Gin." "Yeah, this isn't exactly what I imagined our road trip would be like," she said. Harry didn't laugh. He overtook a row of slower cars, and Ginny flinched when someone honked at them. "Be careful!" she snapped at him. "We're in the middle of running the bloody hell away! We can worry about speeding tickets later," he bit back. "I know, but that doesn't mean you have to get us killed in the meantime!" "Fine, you can drive then!" "I can't drive for shit, Harry!" For a brief moment they glared at each other. Then Harry breathed out, focused himself on the traffic again and slowed down a bit. "I thought you used to drive your dad's new car?" "Only because it's got loads of protective charms on it," Ginny said. "I mean, I know how to drive I guess, but unless you really want an accident, it's best if you stick to the driving today." "Right." "Shouldn't we alert the other Aurors?" She asked a while later. "We're just the two of us, and there were at least four of them." That made him pause. "No. No, we can't alert them. And we can't use magic either." He cursed, his stomach feeling very heavy as the full scope of their problems sunk in. "We're in deep shit, Ginny." "Why?" "Let's just put it this way: if Savage has gone rogue, and until today I reckoned he would be the last person to do so, who's to say the others aren't? What if there's something going on at the Ministry as well? We don't know anything at this point, and I'm not going to make some stupid risk by sending a Patronus to Ron or the others. And we can't use magic, because if there really is something rotten in the Ministry, they're bound to pick up any magic cast in Muggle areas, so we can't risk that either." "So what do we do, then? Just drive? Shouldn't we try to find out what's happening?" "To be honest, I was thinking that as well. But I don't like the fact that they're using guns. Shield charms don't really block bullets as far as I know, so this could be really dangerous. No, I say we keep driving for the moment."