Harry was safe. And as a mother, that was the most important thing in the world. "Then let's return the favour" James cried. James, Lily and Dumbledore all held their wands up high over their heads, and as one, they each sent a different spell back over the wall. The three spells shot over the wall, and in the distance, they could quite clearly see the distinct flashes of magical explosions lighting up the sky. The black beams suddenly stopped. James looked at the wall in wonder, an almost hopeful glint in his eyes. "Do you think we hit him?" he couldn't help but ask. He received his answer in less than a second. "Merlin's Beard!" James yelled in horrified shock, "That's... that's completely impossible!". What had once been a golden dome of the purest light magic, was suddenly burning a furious scarlet. It was like somebody had set the magic on fire, burning and warping it into some darkened and twisted. Swirling red clouds and black energy were covering the dome, trying to shatter it. It was barely holding together under the strain. Lily watched with wide, terrified eyes. "I can't believe it. How can one wizard produce that much magic at once?!" she cried in fear. Dumbledore looked grave indeed. "This is the worst thing possible for our side" the old man shook his head in dismay, "Voldemort simply holds too much power. He must be stopped at any cost". He was the calmest of the trio, but still worried none the less. "James, Lily, wands at the ready" Dumbledore commanded, raising his own wand and pointing it in the direction of the wall surrounding the grounds. Lily and James both mirrored the action. "Now!" the headmaster cried. Together, the three of them began firing off every single offensive spell they could think of. Again and again, they launched spell after spell over the walls, towards their attacker. It wasn't really surprising that Dumbledore's were by far the most impressive. He was using a spell neither James nor Lily recognised to send orbs of shining silver light over the wall. In the distance, they could hear the orbs exploding, and they could feel tremours running through the ground beneath their feet. It was taking everything James and Lily had just to keep up with him. The battle raged on, and in the end it almost became like a fireworks display. Lights burning and exploding in all different colours. But something had to give. And within minutes, something did . The dome began splintering. "No!" Lily screamed in horror, "The Dome's breaking!" The young witch began waving her wand and uttered complex incantations at almost unbelievable speeds, and before the trio's very eyes, the cracks slowly sealed up as she sent every shield spell she could into them, fixing the damage Voldemort was doing to them. "James, help her" Dumbledore commanded, a great sense of urgency in his tone, "I'll focus on the attack!" James nodded his agreement. He quickly turned his attention to helping his wife rather than aiming his energies over the wall. Whilst Lily was definitely better at charms than James was, he was by no means a slouch himself, and so with the two of them working in perfect harmony, they slowly managed to reseal the cracks in their protection. Within minutes, the dome was intact again. They both allowed a sigh of relief to slip their lips. All the whilst however, Dumbledore had been firing balls of pure magical energy over the wall at an almost insane pace. Satisfied that the dome would remain intact, at least for the time being, Lily and James refocused their efforts into helping him in his assault. The battle raged on. James gritted his teeth in determination. Lily bit her lip, praying to every god she'd ever heard of that their luck would hold out. Finally - yet not a moment too soon for the Potters and Dumbledore - after almost twenty minutes of intense spellcasting, they heard a sound that clearly signalled the end of the battle. An enraged yell of fury. James, Lily and Dumbledore all waited with baited breath. Finally, to their upmost relief, the barrage of curses being thrown against the dome halted. As they watched, the trio witnessed a stream of black smoke rise up into the sky, and then it simply vanished from sight. There was only one way for them to take that. It meant that Voldemort was gone. They had won. As one, James, Lily and Dumbledore all let out a collective sigh of relief. "He's gone… but he will be back" Dumbledore told James and Lily solemnly. The young parents both looked back at him fearfully. They knew he was right. Despite how much they both wished he was wrong. "We must come up with another plan, and soon" Dumbledore continued, his voice grave, "He knows where the manor is, and it is only a matter of time until he breaks through the defences". James and Lily looked at each other. Both of them were still very shaken. Yet there was also something else settling in their stomach. A grim sense of determination. Both James and Lily nodded in response to Dumbledore's warning. He was right after all. It was time they came up with another plan. They had to keep their family safe. And most importantly, they had to keep their son safe. No matter the cost. And there's the first chapter : ) Kind of intense, huh ; ) It's very similar to the original version of this chapter, but with much more emotion and detail added. I'm working off of the original chapters, changing them to fit with my new writing style, and basically just ironing out some of the stuff that was bugging me : ) Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this chapter and please leave a review telling me your thoughts and opinions : ) Until the next time, keep on reading : )