all looked up at the sky—and a huge motorcycle seemed to fall out of the air and land on the street in front of them. If the motorcycle was large, it was nothing compared to the man sitting astride it. He was nearly twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild —long tangles of bushy brown hair and beard his most of his face, his hands were the size of trashcan lids, and his feet in their leather-looking boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of multicoloured blankets. "Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did you get the motorcycle?" "Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir," said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. "Young Sirius Black lent it to me. I've got him, sir." "No problems, were there?" "No, sir—hospital was mostly destroyed, but I got 'im out 'fore folks starting swarmin' around. He fell asleep as we was flyin' over Bristol." Hagrid held his arms low, so that Flitwick could see when McGonagall and Dumbledore bent over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of wild, jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning. "Dumbledore, what is that?" whispered Professor McGonagall. "A backlash from Neville's magic. The poor boy's face is near half scarred. He'll have it for the rest of his life. They both will." "Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?" questioned Flitwick. "Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well—give him here, Hagrid—we'd better get this over with." Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursley's house. "Could I—could I say good-bye to 'im, sir?" asked Hagrid. He bent his great, shaggy head over and gave Hari what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss, as the babe began to wrinkle his face up. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog. "Shhh!" hissed Professor Flitwick, putting a long, bony finger up to his mouth. "You'll wake the Muggles, Rubeus!" Professor McGonagall laid a comforting arm on the large man, trying to hush him. "S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a very large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it. "But I c-c-can't stand it—Lily an' James dead—and poor little Hari off ter live with Muggles—" "Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found," Professor Flitwick whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore flicked his wrist towards a wrought-iron gate and stepped through, following the pathway to the front door. He shifted the boy in his arms and bent over, placing one of the old milk bottles in front of the door just in the center of the doormat. A flick of his wrist and a slim piece of wood fell into his fingers. A whispered word, and the milk bottle morphed into a small wicker basket with a purple pillow inside. He laid the babe onto the pillow and reached into his pocket, placing the letter he found there in plain view. Another flick of his wand, another word, ensured that the letter would stick. He walked back to the trio, where one by one they took turns placing enchantments on the boy. McGonagall made sure the boy would stay protected from any animals that happened to lurk nearby, with a small crystalline dome that shone if you looked at it just right . Flitwick magicked small charms that looked to be fireflies, ensuring the boy would stay warm throughout the night (due to Hagrid's request, as he was not legally allowed to do magic) . Hagrid gave one last, not so small good-bye, and stuffed a clean handkerchief around the boy's sides, and then returned to the corner. For a full minute the four of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, McGonagall blinked furiously, Flitwick stifled sniffles, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore's eyes had seemed to of gone out. "Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that." We've no business staying here, We may as well go and join the celebrations." "Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall—Professor Flitwick—Professor Dumbledore, sir." Wiping his eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night. "I shall see you soon, I expect, Professors," said Dumbledore, nodding to the remaining duo. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply, while Professor Flitwick nodded mutely. Dumbledore stood and walked back down the street. On the corner he took out the strange cigarette-lighter looking device. He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back into their street lamps just suddenly enough he could make out a strange cat slinking around the corner. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of Number Four. "Good luck, Hari," he murmured, as an elf owl swooped overhead. He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone. A breeze ruffled the flora of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy underneath the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Hari Potter rolled over in his blankets, one hand clutching at the unmoving letter. He would sleep on, not knowing he was famous, not knowing was special, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours by the horrified shrieks of one . He couldn't know that at this very moment, one Headmaster Albus Dumbledore, had signed Hari's fate in a life of hell.