up of the redwood, wilst the rest was made of the lighter colored yew. The handle was slightly curved, giving him a better grip on it, while the butt end of the wand was carved into a likeness of Lily's head. Caleb smirked as he looked at it, leaning over to show Lily the wand. Lily gave a small huff of pride, puffing out her chest and making the adults laugh. Caleb resumed his examination, noticing that the front end of the wand had a light carving of a dragon, a Norwegian Ridgeback he assumed. Caleb gave an approving nod at the wand, then gave a light bow towards Garrick. "It's a beautiful wand, Mr. Ollivander. I am glad I am able to be the one worthy of wielding such an item." Caleb complimented, twirling the wand between his fingers, getting used to the weight of it. "The pleasure of making such a fine wand has been lost to me for quite a while, Mr. Beck. I am quite pleased that you approve of my artistry. Usually the children recieving their wands just find their wand and leave with them. Very few actually examine them as thoroughly as you have. It also pleases me that I have had two powerful reactions to wands, like yours and Mr. Potter's were. I usually only get one every couple of decades or so." Garrick replied, returning Caleb's bow with a slight bow of his head. "Well.. I uh.. I kinda see myself as a.. Lover of weapons. Weapons of any type will do for the most part. I have a large collection of knives and swords at home." Caleb replied, scratching the back of his head in slight embarassment. Caleb glared lightly at his father after hearing him scoff. "It seems we'll be off for the rest of our stay here in Diagon Alley, Mr. Ollivander. It was nice meeting you. Oh! How much do we owe you?" Charles asked, reaching into Caleb's pack to grab his bag of gold coins. "Nonsense! There will be no charge for the oppurtunity of making such a fine wand! It was actually gratifying in the fact that I was able to do so after so long. I've also not been able to use a different core material in several decades either." Garrick replied, waving his hand as if to swat a fly. "Well, is there some sort of holster for the wand or something? I wouldn't want to place it in my pocket and accidentally break it by falling down some stairs or something." Caleb asked, honestly curious. If there weren't, he could make a fortune by making and patenting wand holsters. "Why yes, I do sell them actually. I have either a holster that hooks to your belt, or a wrist holster. I will also give you a deal. If you buy two holsters, I will give you a third for half off! It's very rare that I actually sell holsters, let alone to new students." Garrick replied, slightly breaking Caleb's idea, but encouraging him with a good deal. Caleb thought about it for a second before looking at Harry, gaining a smile. "Hey, Harry. How would you like a holster for that new wand of yours?" Caleb asked, giving Harry a smile and gesturing the the three holsters that Garrick had brought out from the back. Harry gave him a grateful smile and nodded. They struck a deal that Harry would buy one at full price, leaving Caleb to buy the other two. Caleb and Harry were talking excitedly as they walked out of the store, both wearing new holsters and sliding their wand into them. Mr. Ollivander had explained that they had an enchantment on them that allowed them to flick their wrist and the wand would fly into their hands. Though he also mentioned that it would take hours of practice to get used to actually catching the wand. The boys were laughing at each other as they both tried a few times, sending their wands clattering to the ground as they walked. As the group was walking towards The Leaky Cauldron to take their purchases to their rented rooms, Hermione and the Grangers wound up catching up to them, with Caleb introducing Harry to Hermione, and vice versa. Caleb suprised Hermione, and her parents, by giving her the holster, free of charge and everyone sharing some smiles. "I thought that it would be a nice addition to your wardrobe. In addition to not having to carry your wand in your pocket i suppose." Caleb said, smiling at Hermione as she let out a squeal of excitement, letting Harry explain how to put it on, as well as explain how to summon her wand into her hand. Both Harry and Caleb had a good chuckle when Hermione's wand flew a few feet away from the group, making her blush lightly before sticking her tongue out at the boys. The rest of the evening consisted of the kids taking a booth in the corner of The Leaky Cauldron, playing games, talking, reading, and eventually eating their dinners. After dinner, everyone bade a goodbye to McGonagall, with the mothers making promises of dinner plans with her. The children were then ushered upstairs into their seperate rooms, bidding each other goodnight. Caleb, Harry, and Hermione all three fell into peaceful slumbers, having made several friends that day and looking forward to a year of, hopefully, more friendships and adventures. CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR-CoR Well then! That actually wound up being a lot longer than I expected it to be.. I actually wound up getting into a bit too much detail in certain areas but its a work in progress! I'm quite rusty one my writing skills, wasn't really all too great to start with though. I would appreciate faves/follows/reviews and such! I'll be trying to keep a nice update schedule of probably a chapter every 2 weeks. Can't wait until the next chapter! Have a wonderful day everyone!