on our weekly 'stay in touch' dinners. They still resent what I did to them for a long time, and they think I should marry a rich Duke or Earl … but I think Ron is wearing down their objections on both points. It's refreshing to no longer lie to myself and I make it a point to never lie to Ron anymore than absolutely necessary; we've wasted too much time lying to each other and ourselves. here is just a few of my white lies. " I've never thought of Harry in that way." Seriously, ewww, how could he even ask ?" This is still my biggest ongoing lie. I did actively pursue Harry (for years), and he repeatedly turned me down …flat. Seeing Ginny in a swimming costume, and remembering Cho's curves I can understand why a girl with a pipe cleaner figure wouldn't interest Harry. I'm not his physical type … I get it. - - Besides; my pipe cleaner figure (George's term for me) hasn't stopped Ron from undressing me whenever he got the chance (god bless the flat above his shop) and behind those locked doors; devouring me until I see stars from pure bliss. I don't know why public acts of affection make my skin crawl (the same thing happens in my flat)… Perhaps that's the reason that I delayed for so long the physical aspects of our relationship, but I was a fool for by being celebrate, I denied myself too many to count orgasms, from a man truly dedicated to giving me pleasure. - But take me to his tiny flat, lock the doors and I become a wanton witch … a Scarlett witch … yum! " You're the only man I've ever dreamed of ." Technically this might be a small lie. In my defense, Ron was always present and always the star; I can't help it if Remus Lupin used to sometimes join us in my_ defense against the dark arts classroom _three-way fantasies. I say- ' used to ' -because this was well before I experienced the reality of sexual love with Ron, held by him, filled by him. Now, even my subconscious yearns for only Ron. - - Oddly enough; although I fancied him for years, I never actually had a sexual fantasy about Harry. The most erotic dream I ever had about Potter; happened during the Horcruxes camping trip with us dancing - silly … I know. " Yes, it was good for me ." This is NEVER a lie (thank goodness)! The things he does to me and the things he makes me want to do to him would make even a Veela blush. I've been amazed to learn that his appetite for food and life for are dwarfed by his appetite for me. 88**88 " Ron you're a nutter … totally mental " Well this wasn't a lie… not completely. When the boys destroyed the locket, something happened to Ron that … I don't know, changed him. - - Darkness overcame him for a-bit, he would softly growl whenever he saw me attending to Harry with any tenderness. - He never verbalized his displeasure beyond the whispered growl (Harry was amused by it … I wasn't) But from Shell Cottage to Hogwarts he fought like a machine and his emotional detachment while employing combat skill ... well his ruthlessness began to scare me. (he didn't get the snake ... Neville did) He was super serious about getting the job done and walked about without his former good natured humor … or warmth. The death of Fred hit him especially hard, as he blamed himself. He just protected me (as best he could) and then walked away on the bridge while I was openly comforting Harry to give us (as a couple) some alone time. He was dead wrong about Harry and me, he was super depressed and he kept it all bottled up. I knew the Locket had brought about this dark change in him but as he and Harry refuses to speak about what happened, there is no way I can help him with the nightmares he has had about that stupid locket. Ron is a genuine Macho Englishman, which means he suffers from acute manly idiocy. - So you cannot possibility begin to comprehend how totally surprised I was when Ron told me one day (out of the blue) that he had seen a healer, and was now in therapy for anger management and PTSD. - Since he started therapy last year, our disagreements are less loud and more importantly less frequent. 88**88 " I want you … I need you … I love you … You and only you, always ." This was not a lie, not in the slightest. Since the Shell Cottage_ gotcha _moment … truer words I have never been thought or spoken. – It took me a few years to give into my feelings and acknowledge that I couldn't live without him. But after I confessed to all that, and weighing my options very carefully; I came to a totally logical conclusion. And as any modern (progressive) witch would, I asked Ronald Bilius Weasley to be my husband. (I'm keeping my name) He said yes, by-the way … no lie! 88**88 … and the credits roll. the lights come up The End 88**88 Original A/N: This work contains quotes and/or paraphrases from the works of J.K. Rowling, specifically Harry Potter and the … Sorcerer's Stone, Order of the Phoenix, Half-Blood Prince and Deathly Hallows. No copyright infringement is intended. Billybob csagun36 – post story note : Ron's line "I get it. You choose him", can be found in chapter sixteen on page 310 of the American scholastic copy of Deathly Hallows. That line underscores the deep jealousy that Ron always had of Harry's relationship with Hermione. She knew he fancied her, but the romantic triangle over Hermione came to a head with that line. And then they danced