later the headmaster came to visit and almost immediately brought up the subject of where he had to stay. Then there was that strange Quidditch issue … Ron was rambling about how amazing Quidditch is and Harry decided to be honest … he loved flying, but didn't care for the game and wanted to quit. Again barely a few minutes passed before he was called to the headmaster's office. Dumbledore was smiling just saying that he wanted to make sure Harry was adjusting ok. After the quick pleasantries the subject somehow changed to flying and Quidditch where he was informed that if he loved flying he had to stay on the team because he can't fly around the school or in the muggle world. In short he was stuck, but the old grandfatherly wizard looked so apologetic that he thought nothing of it beyond a caring piece of advice. Now though … was there more to everything? Who could he trust? Either way he was way too tired to think anymore. He was going to have a difficult summer as it is. The questionable loyalties of the people who claimed to be his friends will have to wait. The Dursleys were the biggest issue right now… As the train rolled to a stop he grabbed his things and Hedwig and followed everyone off the train "see you guys" he frowned when both his friend just waved over their shoulders without looking at him, but he instantly felt better when Neville smiled, waved and wished him a great summer. It wasn't long before everyone was picked up by their parents or guardians, he was alone. "well … here we go" he kneeled next to Hedwig's cage and opened it "I'm sorry girl, but if my Uncle Vernon sees you … I couldn't forgive myself if something happened to you. Take your cage and fly to the house. The window in the attic is always unlocked so slip in and hide there or leave and hunt until I get there. Just please don't be seen" Hedwig hooted sadly and gently nipped his hand making it clear that she understood the seriousness of the situation. With a heavy sigh Harry watched his beautiful white familiar fly off with he cage held in her talons. Once Hedwig was out of sight he found the nearest bathroom, hid his wand in his bottomless bag and fished out his muggle rags-… clothes and changed. As he suspected his uncle made him wait … and wait … Five hours later of sitting on his trunk in oversized worn rags Vernon finally rolled up "move it boy! You have to make dinner" the fat tub of lard barked not even bothering to help Harry with his trunk. Harry quickly put the trunk in the back and just managed slip in the back seat before Vernon raced off … he nearly took off Harry's head. The car ride home was very quiet, awkward and seemed to take far longer than 30 minutes. Soon they parked in the driveway and Harry was roughly dragged into the house by his arm "it's about time freak! Get cooking!" Dudley glared as Vernon shoved him towards the stove. Harry just rubbed his arm … there were going to be some deep bruises there … before he started cooking. Sizzling from the butter in a pan was as far as he got before he heard grunting from outside. The young wizard's heart plummeted as he watched Vernon drag his trunk in the house and his Aunt Petunia open the cupboard door. With a loud thump Vernon tossed the trunk in the cupboard and locked it. Petunia smirked cruelly at the heartbroken look on her nephew's face "hurry up, my Dudder's is hungry" Dinner of thick juicy steaks and rice was served and Harry was forced to watch them eat then clean up, but after Harry got another shock. Vernon dragged him up the stairs. Harry gulped as he saw a heavy door with multiple locks and a small flap door just above the floor. The door was opened … Harry was shoved into the dark windowless room so hard that he crashed to the ground … Darkness consumed him as the door was shut … All the little wizard heard next was the sound of several locks clicking or sliding into place … "what do I do now?" Harry shivered in the darkness. After feeling his he found a metal frame a that seemed to be a cot and curled up on the hard mattress. Just as he tried to fall asleep he heard a light tapping from the ceiling and something like dust cascading on top of him. Realization hit him instantly … this small windowless room was the former coat closet and that meant attic access! With very slow and careful movements he stood on the creaky cot and reached up to examine the ceiling. The rough texture o the ceiling grazed his fingers, but he felt something give way. It was the attic panel! After pushing the panel to the side he felt soft feathers press against his hand "thank heavens … I'm glad you're ok" he smiled at the sound of a comforting hoot "I don't know what to do girl. If I don't get the stuff in my trunk I won't be able to survive let alone complete my homework. I wanted to make some nutrition potions, but I can't get out of here without my wand …" Suddenly a thought came to mind …the very first day at Hogwarts he saw Dumbledore lighting candles without a wand. Hermione said it's not possible, but Dumbledore did it. It's worth a shot at least. He sat down on the cot and heard Hedwig perch on the cot's metal frame. Though he couldn't see his own hands he still wanted to try and he had the perfect spell in mind … Harry took a deep breath calm down and whispered "Lumos"