fun happen Qurril or Quill what ever his name was had taken of his turban to reveal a face turning back because thin had become fun once again she listened to the thing speak then a lot of shit happened and the face or newly learn Voldemort died again and the twins where unconscious and harry was barely awake well Bas had been Crucio'd 3 times and was the most awake of all them when Albus and Snape came I Bas asked for the body to be gotten rid of and for every one else carried to the med-witch. Sighing Bas started to talk to the Aura's there 1st question was for her full name after every thing that had happened she gave her full name "Basilisk Thomas Riddle" they then asked what had happened she went over every thing they seemed to pale to the point that they became white when he said that she had been Curcio'd 3 times and had not gone crazy or pasted out from the pain after they left she fell asleep from going threw all that on 4 hours of sleep and breakfast that morning waking up 2 days later with the entire teacher body in the same room is a little worrying Albus started "Is your name really Basilisk Thomas Riddle?" "Yes" "Are you the daughter of Thomas Morvolo Riddle?" "Yes" "Are you aware that he is Voldemort?" "Yes and I wish to live a normal life well as far as normal goes in my life," "Are you a supporter of the Dark Lord?" "No" "Very well you may continue to learn here" "Thank you" rolling over she went back to sleep contemplating on where Simbru was and what she was eating maybe rat's after all she was a snake feeling some thing she looked in the sheet to find Simbru there in a deep slumber Bas stopped fighting it and fell back in to a dreamless sleep. About a week later she walked to the Great Hall after finally escaping Madame Pomfrey when she opened the door to walk in all heads turned her way. She had started wearing a sash over her eyes after she learned that the full moon was barely a week away. The Slythrin's wouldn't let her sit at their table an nether would the Griffindor's sighing she left in class no one sat near her and in the halls no one talked to her. Sitting outside under the womping willow she did her homework putting the last paper away she looked up when a shadow covered her. The twins had gathered all of Bas's friends to make a new house for her. They had been working for a little over a week on it with the help of Hogwarts and the founders who believed it was a perfect idea to add a 5th house after finishing it they had gone in search of Bas they found her finishing her homework. After grabbing her and taking her to the new house everyone who had worked on it ask her a very important question "What is the name of this new house?" smiling Bas answered "Riddle because that's how we became friends through a riddle." The founders agreed that it was a good name and Hogwarts accepted the house,they created the house banner a black background and white trim with a albino heyea the magical equivalent to a hyena as the house mascot. The 6 friends walked to the Great Hall together walking in a 5th table appeared Bas led the group to the table and sat down. Albus had been talking to Minerva when Bas and her 5 friends had entered and a 5th table had appeared watching her she had walked to the table and sat down her friends fallowing suit. Standing up he addressed Bas "Miss. Riddle may I ask why there is a 5th table?" Bas smirked "Well this table belongs to the 5th house Riddle that was created today by my caring friends,Hogwarts,and the founders"Albus sat down knowing that he wasn't going to win that battle instead he said " Fine. You and your friends may become the new Riddle house but, who is the head of house?" Bas answered with no hesitation in her voice "We don't have a head of house we are a free standing house that depends on those that are a part of the house,we can invite people into the house from others and we don't participate in the house cup,so no points can be given or taken so that means that we can not become your or anyone else's pawn in this game of light and dark,good and evil we are our own so sorry Albus you can't play the card of my family,those that sit at this table know about my parents so it looks like check and mate." Albus paled he knew had been bested and he had no escape route but on he stood and looked around the hall "I am sorry to say this but I must retire as of now good bye." he looked back at Bas as he exited "And Basilisk make shore to not become like your father a Dark Lady starting a war is the last thing the the world needs when a Dark Lord is all ready a threat." Bas nodded and sat down Simbru slithered up her leg on to her shoulders and told her the wordes she needed to hear " It'sss fine. Do not worry you are sssafe with your friendsss" Bas agreed "Yesss I know but it will be harder nexxt year new faccesss and cchallengesss how do I know my friendsss wont leave?" looking up at her friends she smiled because they where happy laughing and trying to hiss like a snake and laughing at their failers before turning to her to ask to teach them smiling Bas nodded she knew that her friends wouldn't leave her she was just worried about nothing.