to a spot big enough for two people on one of the couches. "Good morning!" He cried out to everyone. Harry crawled up behind Aries and echoed the greeting. "Good morning." Lily gave a smile, to the boys. "Good morning. We were just going to find you. Where were you hiding out?" Aries gave a sly grin, before slyly looking at Sirius. "I fell asleep in the library this morning, and found Harry there, so we came down together." Sirius groaned, he would have a Ravenclaw on his hands if he didn't do anything to change that. Marlene laughed, "well Sirius…looks like we have a Raven on our hands." Sirius shook his head in disbelief, wondering how to fix this. Lily nodded with a smile then looked at Harry. "Don't forget to take your potions later. Severus brought them just for you." Harry nodded, "yes, mother." They started to open the gifts then and from the Potters Aries got a big box of different wizard candy along with some muggle candy as well. From Remus, he got a book, and when he opened it, saw that it was rare book on potions. He looked up, "how did you know that I wanted this?" Remus just gave him a smile. From the Snapes, he was given another book on potions, this was even more surprising because of the fact that it had been written by none other then the man himself. Aries glanced over at Harry to see that he was already engrossed in his book, eyes glistening with unshed tears, and Aries was grateful that he had gotten the present for Harry. He turned his eyes back towards the tree to see what Sirius and Marlene had given him, not surprised when he found a long rectangle, that he knew would be a broom. Sure enough, when he opened it, a new nimbus was gleaming in his hands. Alexander noticed, "Cool, you got a new broom too? Now we can go flying." Aries looked to see that Alexander was decked out in all new quidditch equipment. He snorted, James was trying so hard to make sure that his children were good quidditch players. Aries continued to open his gifts, and saw that he had been given more advanced books on runes, and a potions kit as well. All in all he had gotten a good haul and was pleased with his gifts. It was then that he noticed a small parcel with his name on it. Curious he picked it up and slowly opened it, confused when all he saw inside was a vile of some sort of potion. Looking up his eyes met Sirius and Marlene, "what's this potion for?" They glanced at each other before Marlene spoke up. "Well, your already Sirius's son by blood…and we talked it over," she paused and looked him in the eye. "We were wondering if you wanted to well…become my son as well?" Aries was confused and probably looked it, because Sirius spoke up. "We wanted to give you the gift of becoming part of the family…the whole family." Aries didn't speak as he was sort of choked up, they meant to make him their full blooded child, so that he would be full siblings and not considered a half-sibling. Sirius and Marlene were apprehensive as they waited to see what Aries would say, and it took Aries a moment before he wiped his eyes. He ran over to both of them, pulled them into a big hug, "Nothing would make me happier…dad and mum." Sirius pulled him into a hug as Marlene's arms came and wrapped around him. They were joined by Regulus and Elara, and Aries felt like the most loved boy on the planet. He looked up, and in an excited voice asked, "can we do it now?" Sirius glanced down at his eldest, "are you sure you don't want to wait?" Aries shook his head, "I'd rather get it over with, so that way I can belong to both of you faster." This caused everyone to chuckle and since only Marlene needed to put blood in the potion, she took the bottle and placed a few drops in. It sizzled and turned a golden color, and she offered it to Aries. He took it and gulped it down with a grimace. His body tingled as it changed and soon it was over. He looked at both his parents, "well how do I look?" Marlene conjured a mirror for him and he glanced at himself, basically he looked the same except that instead of Sirius's eye's he seemed to have gotten Marlene's golden green. It seemed he was doomed to always have green eyes no matter what reality he was in. After that it was time for a late breakfast so they went into the dining hall and Aries made sure he was seated by Harry. After breakfast was over he really was itching to try out his new broom and so was Alexander, so he turned to Harry, "do you want to come with us?" He asked Harry quietly. Harry bit his lip and while the idea did sound like fun, he knew that Alexander wouldn't like it so he shook his head. Aries frowned but didn't push the issue, "well then when we're done, I'll come find you in the library." Harry nodded, took the potions his mother offered him, then made his way up the stairs. Aries and Alexander went outside with the rest of the children and with the men. James and Sirius decided to have a little fun and soon they had a little game of quidditch going, the Blacks vs. the Potters, with the Blacks coming out the winner. Coming inside, Aries made his way up to the library and found Harry reading, found a book to read and promptly joined Harry on the couch. All in all it had been a great Christmas for both boys. Ok...new story based off Death's Heir.