want to answer, of course, you don't have to, Potter. I'm only curious, you know. I'm just wondering, if... What kind of lycanthrope are you, exactly? I know some turn into wolves both in body and mind, and some turn into wolves in only body. And then, of course, some become wolves in mind and partially in body..." Potter stared at him. "Is that... too personal?" he inquired awkwardly, forcing his voice out of that concerned tone he instinctively wanted to use, because Draco Malfoy wasn't nice or concerned , dammit, and Potter wasn't a bloody crup , despite those large, glassy eyes and that tail. That tail . Potter stuck it through the open slot at the back of his chair, and it slowly swayed with his movements. Draco wanted to touch it, he realized, but wasn't sure how Potter would respond to that. They had breakfast and meals together, and they did school work together, but they weren't really friends, Draco supposed. If they weren't at the level for Draco to casually touch Potter's arm and not have it be terribly strange, then there was no way he could get away with touching his tail. Potter cleared his threat, and Draco tore his eyes away. "Anyway," he coughed, embarrassed from being caught staring, "you don't have to answer that-" "The first one," Potter said shortly. Draco blinked. "The what?" "I still have my mind," Potter repeated, jaw firm, "but it's... it's not like it's normal-me. It's a mixture. It's me, but I have the instincts of a wolf, I guess. It's... weird." "Sounds complicated," Draco replied in a drawl, and forced a yawn. He was acting too interested again, and didn't want Potter to get the impression that he cared. Not if Potter didn't care just as much. He wanted their friendship to be mutual, if they were to have any at all, and strangely enough, speaking about something this intimate about Potter, with Potter, only made Draco feel vulnerable. He didn't want to know what that said about his willingness to connect emotionally, or why it was so stiff regarding Potter in particular. Whether that mattered at all. "It's not, really," Potter replied, sounding a tad defensive. "Nothing can be normal with Harry Potter," Draco said. Potter stared at him, incredulous. "You think I wanted this?" "No," Draco said, turning to face Potter fully as he propped his jaw on his fist. "What do you want, Potter?" Potter blinked furiously. "I'm sorry, what ?" "Just curious." "So you're not actively trying to pick a fight right now? You're being genuine?" Draco stared. "No, Potter, I wasn't actively picking a fight. That time." Potter rolled his eyes, but his shoulders relaxed a bit. "Yes, well, when I'm on wolfbane, think you can make an effort not to word everything in such an arseholish way?" Draco raised an eyebrow. "I've no idea what you're on about." "You're having me on." He was. "Well? What do you want?" Potter leaned back in his chair. "Objectively? Or right now?" "Anything," Draco replied, shrugging. "I know we're not friends, or even really roommates considering you barely sleep here, but if there's something I can do for you in light of this revelation—preferably something simple, quick, and effortless—I would maybe consider giving it a go. Not because I at all want to make your life easier, but so you don't go werewolf on me and, like, eat me, or something." "Right," Potter said, peering at him through narrowed eyes. "You know, Malfoy, if anyone else had said something so insensitive, I would have socked them." "Luckily I am, in fact, me. Though I'm not sure if that's because of our history, because I just offered to do you a favor, or because you've become accustomed to my dry and somewhat dangerous sense of humor." Potter shook his head. "You're an arse. And all three of those, I suppose." "Wonderful," Draco replied drlyly. "Well, what do you want?" "Handjob." "Brilliant. When and where?" "Here and now." "Okay, drop your drawers." "Why don't you kneel, first." "Because I don't like people telling me what to do." Potter grinned at him. "You're full of shit." "Naturally, but I can't let you out-bravado me ." "What if that wasn't bravado?" "Of course it was," Draco replied flippantly. "If you actually wanted a sexual favor from me, you would have at least said blowjob. No one wants a handjob when they can have anything, Potter." Potter blinked. "Fair point." "Actually, maybe you would have—I know a few blokes who can't actually get off with a mouth alone, but your response validated my guess anyway, so I'm still right, in the end, and that's all that matters." Potter snorted. "Sure, Malfoy." "But," Draco continued, leaning forward over the table, "what do you want? Really?" He glanced at Potter's tail. "I'm sure your hair could use some brushing?" he suggested, hoping he'd kept the hope from his voice. Potter shrugged. "Maybe make your own lunch?" he requested. Draco scowled. "You're a despicable human being, Harry Potter, and I hope you die a slow, painful death." Potter barked out a laugh. "Just because I don't want to make your lunch?" "No," Draco grumbled and he stood and collected his empty bowl, "because you're making me make my lunch." "Sorry, princess!" Potter called after him. "It would save me time if you made your own-" "You ban my personal chef, Theo, from our rooms-" "I had a werewolf to hide! And he kept watching me change..." "-then demand I make my own lunch?" Draco asked, affronted and indignant. "You could just go to the great hall, you know." "My classes are across the castle!" Draco called as he strode from the room, intent on finding his school bag. "Or you could just go without lunch," Potter suggested. Draco did a 360 and returned to the kitchen. He leaned in the doorway, expression grave, and assured Potter, "I'd die ." Potter laughed. 1/3