and I don't know h-how I'd ever get him to Hogwarts—" "It's all right Neville!" Harry exclaimed, putting a comforting hand on the other boy's shoulder. "I saw Trevor in your pocket after we got on the train— he probably hopped out while were sitting out here talking and escaped when the door was opened for the trolley lady," Harry assured him. "We can go look on the rest of the train," Hermione suggested. Neville nodded enthusiastically and stood up quickly. Unfortunately, he stepped on his own pant leg, over balanced and fell forwards, hitting his head on the opposing seat, flailing around and ending up sprawled between the seats with most of the sweets' wrappers scattered on top of him. Harry couldn't help the small chuckle that escaped him, Neville really was terribly clumsy, but he was quick to lean down to help pull Neville back onto the seat. Hermione regarded the whole affair with a raised eyebrow and a rather disapproving expression. Sighing, she stood up. "How about I go look for the toad, since you cannot seem to stand up without causing a disaster. We're not that far away from Hogwarts either so you should probably put your robes on as well." With a softened expression, Hermione turned to Neville. "Don't worry, I promise I'll find him." And with that, she calmly exited the compartment to find Trevor the, once again, missing toad. Neville just glanced at Harry, who shrugged, and then the two took Hermione's advice and put on their school robes. Since Harry could tell Neville was upset about his missing toad, Harry tried to help him relax by recounting the tale of how he accidentally set a Python on his horrible cousin Dudley at the zoo. Hermione was back an hour later, Trevor in tow, although she was in a rather huffy mood. Apparently not all of the students she met on her mission to rescue Trevor had been helpful or kind. She complained at length about some rather nasty bleach blond first year with his own personal goons and a red- haired boy who had been very rude after Hermione pointed out some dirt on his nose even though she was "just trying to be helpful for goodness' sakes!" Before they knew it, the Hogwarts Express was slowing down and pulling into the station. Harry felt excitement and nervousness battle for dominance in his gut. They were finally here! Harry quickly walked outside the train into the chilly night air, Hermione and Neville following behind him. They were on a small platform teaming with many other students. Suddenly Harry heard a familiar voice, "Firs' years! Firs' years over here." Harry beamed when he recognized Hagrid, gesturing for all the first years to gather around him. "Whoa," Neville gasped with wide eyes. "He's huge." "That's Hagrid, he's the Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts," Harry informed them, excited he was actually able to share useful information. Hagrid spotted him and gave him a huge smile. Harry smiled and waved back, happy to see a familiar face. The trio joined the other first years gathering around Hagrid. Once all the first years were present, they followed Hagrid around the bend. Several gasps were heard as Hogwarts came into view. Across a large, dark lake stood a huge castle, the lights from the windows shining brightly in the darkness. Harry thought it was the most impressive thing he had ever seen. "Here we are," Hagrid said, stopping by a fleet of small boats on the edge of the lake. "No more'n four to a boat!" Harry ended up in a boat at the back of the fleet with Neville, Hermione, and a red haired boy he didn't know. As their boated floated across the lake, seemingly out of its own accord, the red haired boy spotted Hermione. "Oh, it's you," he said rather rudely. Based on the disdainful look Hermione sent him, Harry realized this must be the red haired boy she had been complaining about on the train. "Well don't try and sound pleasant, I wouldn't want you to hurt yourself," Hermione said cuttingly. The red haired boy's faced suddenly matched his hair. "What's your problem?" he asked angrily. "I don't see why you have to be so rude!" Hermione exclaimed. Harry and Neville shared a look. Neville looked extremely uncomfortable. Harry just wished they could wait to argue with each other until Harry was no longer stuck in a small boat with them on a very large and deep looking lake. "Rude? I'm not the once who came barging in and interrupting a perfectly decent game of—" "—oh well I'm sorry if I threw off your chess game but I was trying to—" "—NO ONE CARES ABOUT SOME STUPID TOAD!" "WHY YOU COMPLETE—" But Harry never got to find out what Hermione might have called the red haired boy. During the argument, Neville had taken Trevor out of his pocket and started stroking him, probably to stay calm. However, it seemed Trevor the toad liked shouting even less than Neville because he jumped out of Neville's hand and into the lake. Neville, panicking, scrambled to the side of the boat and leaned over— too far over. Harry tried to grab him but he was too late and Neville fell into the lake. Unfortunately, Neville tried to hold onto the side of the boat and the whole thing flipped, dumping Harry, Hermione and the red haired boy into the freezing black water. *** Author's note : Oh Neville! 3 So there it is- my first chapter of my first fanfiction ever (now re-edited). I'm so excited and I hoped you enjoyed it. Random side note- the info on the back of Salazar Slytherins card is not mine— I it found it on Pottermore wiki. I may exaggerate Neville's clumsiness a bit in this story but I think it just makes him more endearing. Next chapter- the Sorting Hat ! Finally, we'll meet the Slytherins!