back to work and don't worry about tonight… " I was about to reply but she had hung up and I sighed, putting my phone back into my bag. I then looked at the Commander, who was still pretending to read his magazine. " You know, Commander, it really is impolite to listen in on other people's conversations ." I remarked, crossing my legs and placing my hands in my lap. He then froze, frowning before looking up, placing the magazine in his hands on the table and leaned forward. "I've been waiting for you for a long time…" He murmured. So it was him. The man I was supposed to spend the rest of my life with, my soulmate… "Likewise Commander. You don't know how many times I've heard someone say, 'sorry, after you'…each time I keep thinking its them but it's not." I said. "Not many people tell me to butt out of their conversations, so it's nice to finally hear the words that have been annoying me since they appeared on my skin." He remarked. I smiled. "It's nice to finally meet you…" He returned the smile and leaned back into his chair. "So, uh, what did happen to your hair? I mean, you mention a cat catching on fire but you didn't say what happened to your hair. What happened to it?" I chuckled. "It's a long story, one preferably told over a glass of wine, or whiskey…let's just say there is a reason why don't let Ronnie into the kitchen without supervision." "Sounds like a date…We?" He inquired. "My best friend and sister in all but blood. Hermione, Ronnie's mum." I told him. "I see…So MI6? Explains the accent…" He remarked. So many questions. Was this normal for soulmates. "Military? Explains the attitude…and questions." I retorted and he gave a tilt of his head, impressed. "I'm sorry…usually, when someone meets their soulmate, it's customary to introduce themselves and then ask questions. So, with that saying, Commander Steve McGarrett." He introduced himself, holding out his hand. The name was familiar but I couldn't quite place it, but I was glad of a name Steve…he was handsome and he was now mine. "Dr Elena Potter, at your service." I said, grabbing his hand. I then gasped as I felt sparks between us, and he smiled, his blue eyes twinkling at me. "Doctor? Of what?" He asked, his hand still holding mine. "Psychology…" I said. "Among other things…I have skills in other areas." "You're a profiler." He stated. "But I sense there is something more…" I frowned. "How-" "You mentioned MI6, and you're a doctor in psychology, hence a profiler. You're here for the Five-0 job." He observed. His hand was still holding mine. "Yes…wait, you got all that from a phone call and my title?" I asked. "That and because I just happen to run the Five-0 task force. In fact, I'm here to meet the new profiler, which is you." That's where I knew his name. He was the leader, the big boss man as I had observed when I read up on the task force. I stared at him, my smile getting bigger. "I believe, Steve, that things are going to be very interesting." I stated. He nodded, but we were interrupted by a voice clearing. We dropped our hands and turned to see a man watching us. "Ah, I see you two have met." He spoke. He was African-American, dressed in a suit and I could only guess that this was Governor Dennings. I immediately stood up, holding out my hand. "Governor Dennings, Dr. Elena Potter, at your service." I squeaked. Steve snorted. "Governor, it's a pleasure to see you again." Dennings sighed. "Don't start…I've already had it up to here with your task force, especially after the crap that happened last week…Wait, what were you two talking about before I came in? Please tell me that you two know each other?" "Um about that…." I began. "You see…he's…" "I'm her soulmate…isn't that great?" Steve told him. Dennings looked at him, turning to me before turning back to him. He did that for awhile, before it started getting borderline creepy. "She's your what?!" "No no! It might be fine! It's fine…it should be okay. I won't let it interfere with my work or with the work I do with Five-0…so it should be fine! I babbled Steve nodded. "What she said…" Dennings sighed and ran his hand over his face. "Great…first your boss gets me to hire you and now you two found each other. Well, don't turn this into a love fest. This is real life…bad guys, guns and taking down bad guys…I don't know! I just rambling! Now, seeing as you two are soulmates, so help me god, this better not turn into some Romeo and Juliet love story. You do your jobs, and save the personal for home. With that saying, Doctor, welcome to Five-0. Commander, she's all yours." He walked away, his receptionist following him and leaving both Steve and I behind. I stared at the floor, trying to come to terms of what just happened. "What do we do now?" I asked. "Well, I have some ideas, mostly constisting of food and a bed, but I'm a gentleman, so I'm gonna be one." Steve rambled. "You? A gentleman? My my, how lucky am I?" I teased. "Alright, I set myself up for that. But I think before we do anything, we need to do this..." He said, before suddenly, he grabbed me, and captured my mouth with his, kissing me. I melted into the kiss, allowing him to seek my tongue with his. He tasted of coffee, and for some reason, garlic prawns. We broke apart too soon and I whined. He chuckled. "Such a cute sound but before we do anything, you need to meet some people…our people." I frowned. "Our people?" "Yeah, the team…Like Dennings said. Welcome to Five-0. I have feeling this is gonna be fun."