you get a six pack?!" Harry just chuckled, but didn't respond as he put his book and his new tools from Neville away and pulled out some pajamas … An hour later when everyone was asleep Harry slipped out of bed. His bare feet touched the cool floor and he silently ran his fingers along the frames of his glasses as he put the spectacles on. Unseen runes on the black frames were activated unsealing a pair of black gloves, black shoes and a dark gray robe similar to his uniform robe. Quickly and silently he put them on. A second set of runes were activated when he tapped his fingertips together. Suddenly Harry tuned completely invisible! His shadow vanished, any sound he made was completely silenced and after grabbing his wand he left the dorm without anyone seeing. He preferred this outfit he made himself over the Invisibility cloak, which could leave someone exposed easily … and he suspected Dumbles could see through the cloak … The fat lady never realized her portrait being moved with the door to Gryffindor as it swung open … though it helped that she was asleep … Harry shut the door and slipped out into the hall. Nearly Headless Nick was floating on the stairs with a smile. Even Nick couldn't see Harry, but it's easy to figure out when a door randomly opens and no one's there. The specter would watch the Gryffindor entrance for a while to be sure no else came out so Harry had some peace of mind there as he went down towards the dungeons. Down and down he went, far passed the Slytherin dorms. All the way to an unused segment of the dungeons. Finally he stopped in a dark room that was suddenly flooded with light from the torches on the wall and looked down at the intricate markings on the floor … It all started with Sirius's death … A heart broken Harry arrived at Hogwarts for his sixth year and went to find the friendly Gryffindor ghost to ask for advice hoping that Sirius may become a ghost. Nick sadly told him that it wasn't likely because those who become ghosts do so because they fear death … Sirius wasn't the type of guy to fear much, even death. Seeing the young wizard so depressed worried the ghost so Nick decided to show Harry a strange door they found over the summer with unique markings that the ghosts couldn't enter hoping it would get the boy's mind off his loss even for a little bit. Harry's interest was peeked and they went down to see it … It took longer than necessary because Nick kept forgetting that Harry couldn't walk through walls, but the duo made it eventually … Nick showed him the strange marked wooden door. Harry directed his attention to the marks on the door and Nick was shocked to see that Harry could read the marks on the door! There words said that there was a room inside under the floor, which is a special training room the whole thing was meant to be a gift to the founder Godric Gryffindor from the founder Salazar Slytherin … a gift to celebrate their 30th anniversary as a couple! Harry was able to open door easily and walked into a dark circular room, which lit up torches revealing three doors. Harry checked behind each door. One was a lavish bathroom, one was a passage that went to a study in the Chamber of Secrets and the last went to the Room of Requirements! That discovery was amazing for both Nick and Harry. A shock for sure, but all the ghosts agreed not to tell Dumbledore about the room. For one thing they felt the room rightfully belonged to Harry since it opened only for him and read the markings, which was the written form of the snake language apparently. Besides, the ghosts haven't been on the headmaster's side since he approved getting rid of half of the books in the library decades ago because he felt they were 'dark' … it was foolish … Most of the ghosts lived with that material … to suddenly call it dark was like calling them dark! That's just insulting! Harry simply walked into the center of the floor and the floor opened up to reveal a spiral staircase. Once he made it to the bottom of the stairs the 'floor' above him closed up. The young wizard has been training here for almost four months, since his sixth year began and he quickly found out that Godric Gryffindor was a tough fighter who liked lots of different training routines. Meaning … the room was set on random and there were no tutorials. It was strictly learn through getting your ass kicked … Once Harry stepped away from the stairs he would be transported to an unknown place, sometimes given a weapon in place of his wand and be surprised with any number of different skilled people to fight. It was some kind of very powerful illusion reinforced with wards. The people felt real, the weapons felt real and the injuries felt real except blood looked green and his opponents' bodies would turn to stone if he killed them. If he lost the fight the weapons and wounds would vanish and he would appear back at the foot of the staircase sweating and exhausted. A forest scene appeared and six different fighters were around him "martial arts … karate … kick boxing" Harry noticed his wand was gone and smirked "hand to hand. This place must know I'm stressed" he barely finished his sentence before dodging a punch from one fighter and a kick from another … The match has begun … Harry was struggling after getting a vicious kick to the gut, but he removed the gravity charm he was under … a charm he made to help build strength … and started fighting back …