delivered over the weekend, and he paged through a magazine full of girl's bedrooms with Aster, asking her which one she'd like. Their house had four bedrooms. One was a guest room, one was for Vernon and Petunia, one was for Dudley - why not give the empty fourth room to Aster instead of making her sleep in that effing closet? Petunia was supposed to take care of the girl. She was clearly unfit for the job, so now it was Vernon's turn. This was always the way it worked when he was firm director at Grunnings. If someone can't do the job, give it to someone else more qualified. He was the husband. He paid for the house and it was his. If he wanted the girl to have a bedroom, she was getting a bedroom. Once they'd picked one out, they had a designer and movers come in and decorate the whole bedroom as per Aster's choice, complete with big girl bed. All her toys, art supplies, books, and new dresses were put inside, and the room was hers. She'd chosen a pink and green color scheme. Her checkered bed had lots of pillows, a a quilt, a teddy bear and a doll. Her furniture was white with intricate carvings. Her bedside lamp was fanciful and tasseled, and there was a striped armchair, a mirrored wardrobe, and favorite story quotes stenciled in pink on the green walls. An intricately carved white desk sat near the gauzy curtained window. Vernon was proud of himself as Aster bounced on her new bed in delight - he calmly picked her up and put her down on the floor again, which she went along with willingly enough - and he was positively gleeful as he waited for the fireworks. Petunia came home, saw the new bedroom and Aster wearing her new clothes, and she had a fit. "That girl has you entranced!" she spat. "I have not been entranced by anyone!" said Vernon indignantly. He did not like the implication that he was being manipulated by something as silly as magic. " How dare you!" "Oh yes, I gave a little girl a pink bedroom, how dare I!" Vernon yelled in irritation, a tick going in his temple. "Petunia, do you have any idea how ironically abnormal this entire resentment is! We claim to be so normal and we had a child sleeping in a spider infested closet!" "How much did this cost?! You could have spent this on Dudley!" "Well fortunately for Dudley, he already has a bedroom !" Vernon barked, and Petunia flinched. "And far more expensive toys than are present in this room!" "... We'll be encouraging her," Petunia whispered. Vernon softened. "I haven't seen any evidence of strangeness," he told her gently, helplessly. He raised his hands as if not knowing what to do. Petunia put her head into her hand, face scrunched up as if something pained her. "Dudley is joining your living room sessions," she snapped at last. "You are not ignoring my son in favor of that wretched girl." "That's perfectly fine," said Vernon softly. "Why do you hate the girl so much?" "Can't you see?" said Petunia heatedly. "She's just like her. Perfect Lily ," she snarled. "Well I won't fall for it!" And that was when Vernon saw it clearly for the first time: jealousy. And so Dudley joined their living room evening-times. A large and energetic, sporty blond boy, Dudley had always caused a bit of a ruckus in behavior. Vernon had always told himself that was just how boys were. But watching Aster with Dudley, comparing the two… he became troubled. Dudley had horribly spoilt behavior. He threw tantrums far more often than Aster, broke toys without thinking, did everything no matter the consequences, and he physically bullied Aster, punching her around and yanking at her hair, making her cry. This could not be allowed to continue, Vernon realized, troubled. At last, he saw Dudley hit Aster for the fifth time and he put his foot down. "Dudley! No !" he barked, pulling his son away. Dudley looked up - and promptly began throwing a tantrum, yelling all over the floor. Vernon watched in horror as his son - his son! - tried to cry his way out of his problems! Entitlement - Vernon's worst enemy. Did this work with Petunia? Vernon put his foot down. "Dudley!" he repeated thunderously, face ruddy. "NO!" And Dudley stilled in surprise. Vernon knelt down beside him. "Real men," he told his son furiously, "do not cry their way out of their problems. And real men don't hit their sisters. They protect them instead." He took Aster by the shoulder. "This is your little sister," he told Dudley fiercely. "She's the only person you'll have your whole life. And it is your job to protect her. Not to hurt her." He turned to Aster. "That's your big brother," he said, pointing at Dudley. "You're a little girl and he's the big boy. That's how things are going to be." Aster and Dudley looked at one another in wide-eyed surprise. The first stirrings formed: Teasing but fiercely protective Dudley Dursley, and his tiny odd but firmly nonconformist cousin Aster Potter. The tough big brother, and the protected younger sister. "That," said Vernon, "is how you're going to be treated from now on." His eyes narrowed as he considered his horribly behaved, bullying son. "It is time for a little more discipline," he said gravely, "and a little less entitlement in the Dursley house." He and Petunia had always wanted a son-and-daughter, a loving little house with a white picket fence. Well - and why hadn't he realized this sooner? - now they could have one. Petunia would just have to be brought round. And Aster and Dudley would be taught to fill their son-and-daughter roles. Did that mean they suddenly had to be new people? No. But who they were currently could certainly be added to.