his standards each time, and even the way she read his books: respectful to the writer and their owner. Then, about three months into his observations there was an accident, nothing major, but his head hurt for days. A tincture he had been working on went foul, emitting a noxious colorless odorless fume. His head hit the corner of the work table as he passed out from the fumes. Not until he awoke later to the sight of his apprentice in tears trying to shake him awake did he begin to see more than simply her gestures towards him. She tried to hide her crying and to pretend that it was simply the fumes that now smelled vile, but Severus could see she was trying to shrink in on herself and make herself small. All this while trying to help him into a seated position, banishing the tincture, flooing the resident healer and getting him some water and a cool compress. He didn't say anything, he simply watched her. If she had noticed him following her moves she didn't give any sign. She was attempting to remain calm, but the subtle shaking in her form revealed her. It also briefly crossed his mind: this was the first time she had touched him since being released from the hospital wing. Once Madam Pomfrey arrived, healed the gash, which he found out had bled a significant amount over his face, he was sent to his rooms to rest. Catching himself in the mirror, even he started; a sight of beauty indeed for his apprentice to find. It was no wonder she was so beside herself. The heroic witch had saved the Half-Blood Prince one day, only for him to die another. He didn't see Hermione until the next day for her scheduled tasks. She looked how he felt, but she tried to hide it. Her hair pulled into a messy bun, shadows under her eyes and a weariness that could only come from night terrors. An idea, perhaps an experiment, came to mind. "Miss Granger, please sit a moment," he said, gesturing to a desk as he came around to the front of his desk. She smoothed her uniform skirt and sat gently into the chair, letting her heavy bag lump onto the floor. Leaning back on his desk, arms folded, "I apologize that you had to find me in such a state yesterday. I'm sure it was a shock, given the last time you saw me in such a manner. I am grateful for your quick actions and I find myself once again in your debt." "You don't owe me anything!" she blurted out. Suddenly turning beet red, she looked down at her folded hands. "I was concerned, yes," she looked up with eyes full of concern and affection, "there was just so much blood and I thought you had been attacked." Severus' heart stilled slightly looking into her eyes, she bore the weight of her emotions in them. "Will you be alright, sir?" she continued. He nodded, "While I will not be brewing for a few more days as a precaution since concussions can affect your magical imbuing of the potion, I am doing fine." She visibly relaxed and then amazing him more, she smiled, "I'm glad." Recalling those days and the obvious nature of his apprentice's affection, once properly observed, the Master was more directed in his interactions with her. In one manner he was subtlety encouraging of her hopes, allowing her more into his quiet moments, in another he had difficulty reconciling if he was, as Minerva said, 'worthy of love'. Worthy of her love. So now, on the 4th floor of the London house, as his know-it-all apprentice stood hands on her hips, hair defiant around her, eyes bright with defense, the one-time Headmaster came to a conclusion. He needed to shock her into silence. For both his sanity and that of the entire house he needed to put an end to this "discussion". Argument over, case closed, the Master has spoken kind of silence. So he decided right then to stop her tirade of points and counter points and references in the only way he knew would be effective. Stepping into her personal space he lifted his hands to gently cup her face on either side and kiss her, his eyes drifting shut. The silence that filled the room was wonderful. No yammering. No kvetching about which method was better. Just her lips, her soft lips that trembled lightly. Her body had gone rigid in shock, but after a moment of being held captive by his kiss, her shoulders fell and her hand softly found his elbow and to his researcher joy, she began to kiss him back. If Severus had to name this moment, bliss would have been an appropriate choice. That is until the newly minted Mrs. Potter entered the room. Pulling away reluctantly Severus turned to the red-headed witch and waited for whatever tirade she was going to lash at him. A side glance showed Hermione had a flushed face, swollen lips and a glossed over gaze firmly directed at his shirt buttons. When the former Miss Weasley didn't say anything Severus cut the dense air with, "Either out with your thoughts, Mrs. Potter, or out of the room with yourself." Later that evening when it was just Mr. and Mrs. Harry Potter alone in the kitchen, Ginny explained what she had witnessed upstairs. The mortified silence of her husband that spanned the time after the recollection until Ginny finally spoke once more could have carried a man to the moon. Author's Note: I wrote this story with the idea of a theme of people or creatures becoming silent. A very grateful thank you to kci47 for beta reading this for me and catching all those pesky commas! * Auror Garmin is a nod to Caeria's amazing story Pet Project. I can never sing enough praise about it to all my SSHG friends.