some baking and cleaning. We'll be back tomorrow" he said as he stepped aside to let her in. "no worries Vernon. You, Petunia and Dudley have fun. I got this covered" she shot the small skinny glasses wearing six year old a glare. The squib waved goodbye to the family of three and sat down in front of the television completely ignoring the boy struggling to get the hot cake pans out of the stove. She only looked away when the boy yelped in pain as he burned his finger … "be quiet over there! I'm watching" she snapped. "sorry Ms. Figg" the boy, who was far too small for his age, whimpered and went back to what he was doing. Dudley wanted to see the fireworks show in the next town over so of course he got to go, but not the dark haired boy handling hot cakes. The small skinny boy with glasses was forced to stay behind and make a cake for Dudley that will be ready when they return. The three circular cakes were cool so the boy popped out some chocolate frosting and began layering and frosting the cakes. A sudden yelp from Ms. Figg made him jump in shock and squeeze too much frosting onto the cake. He glanced over at her wondering what happened and noticed she spilled everything in her purse, while watching a scary movie. "brat, come here and get my lip balm!" she ordered and pointed to the TV stand. He abandoned the frosting for the moment and went over to look under the stand. The tube of moisturizing goodness for the lips rolled all the way back so he had to climb around to grab it. Upon returning the lip balm he noticed a black book lying on the ground that wasn't there before … he should know, he finished cleaning before being told to start baking. "Ms. Figg is this book yours too?" he asked softly. She didn't even look his way "don't be stupid, I didn't bring a book. Now go away or I'll tell your uncle you were slacking" The boy paled at the thought of what Vernon might do to him and quickly went back to the kitchen. It was clear he couldn't frost a cake with the book in his hand so he decided to open the cupboard and tuck it under the small cot before returning to the mess of frosting on the cake. While he was fixing the cake Ms. Figg decide to head upstairs and go to sleep, but she flicked the lights out on him. The boy could hear the woman snicker and knew she did it deliberately. He waited until he knew she was asleep and carefully fumbled in the dark to turn the lights back on. It took a while, but he finally got the lights on, the cake cleaned up and decorated. He went to get a step stool and used it to wedge the in the frig to keep the door open he carefully slid the cake off the table and walked up the step stool. Once he was high enough he slid it onto the shelf. When he hopped off the stool he moved it and shut the frig. Everything was cleaned, the cake was ready and he was tired. The young boy slipped into the cupboard, set his glasses on the floor and curled up on the cot. The boy found that he couldn't sleep and pulled out a little blue battery powered lantern. His aunt Petunia thought it was broken and told him to throw it away, but he got it to work again so he hid it under his cot. Normally on nights like this he would color with the broken crayons or pencils he's allowed to keep, but he had no paper so he decided to check out the book he found. The mistreated child pulled out the black book and looked at it … "it looks old" he muttered quietly as he look at the worn and cracking black. With that in mind the boy very carefully opened the cover and glanced at the faded inscription in the corner of the first page "T. M. Riddle … who's that?" the boy pondered curiously and flipped through the book only to find nothing else written in it. Since he was supposed to practice his numbers and letters for school he decided to use it. So he started writing … ~ Aa Bb Cc Dd Ee Ff The boy continued through the rest of the alphabet and wrote some words and math problems he remembered before stopping to think about what else he should write. However in that brief break everything he wrote was disappearing before his eyes and he watched in shock as words in an elegant handwriting appeared … ~ Are you working on your school work little one? The child gasped in shock and nearly dropped the book. he just sat there staring at the living book for several seconds. Not really sure of what else to do he wrote back … ~ Yes. Who are you? How are you talking? Just like before his words faded away and other words appeared … ~ My name is Tom Marvolo Riddle and I'm sort of in the book. What's your name little one? How old are you? ~ I'm Harry Potter. I am six. How did you get in a book? ~ I liked books so much that I wanted to live in one. Harry giggled at the strange answer … ~ That's silly ~ Yes I guess it is. Would you like help with your homework? ~ Yes Please! Over the next couple hours Harry and Tom played little games to help improve on his spelling, handwriting and math. Until Tom asked what time it was and told Harry to go to bed. For the first time in years Harry slept peacefully feeling like he made a friend …