let that slide! " " very true George! We must deliver a punishment to our little brother on the grounds of not telling us about the smoking hot Potter " a certain Potter smirked at the compliment. Even from this distance and in the dark Harry could see the two red heads grin mischievously. " smoking indeed! Did you see those eyes? Oh he will be something when he gets older " " he doesn't look like Michael at all, but if he's here at the same time that means Harry and Michael are twins like us! " " one sexy twin and one who's lucky he's famous because that's the only way he'll get some tail … we certainly don't have that problem Fred " " no we don't! We're equal in devilish good looks " Harry found himself agreeing with that statement as the red heads started sneaking away. He couldn't resist letting out a wolf whistle startling both twins. " it seems we have an admirer " the twins said in perfect sync and they smirked in amusement as they walked away with a little more swing in their hips to entice their unseen admirer. The Slytherin chuckled and went outside to let the twins' have their fun. In no time at all he saw Hagrid's hut and went in "hey Dad are you still heart broken over busting James' poor nose?" the boy teased as the half giant pulled some rock cakes out of the oven. Hagrid sneered completely ruining the gentle giant façade as Harry sat at the table "I should've hit him harder. He has some nerve looking guilty all of a sudden. They left you at Hogwarts after one visit when you were nearly six and ignored all of my attempts to remind them that you were with me for a month! 200 times I owled and floo called them, but I get nothing beyond several broken 'we'll pick him up later' promises … and then there was that foolish mistake of mine …" Hagrid sighed and set a rock cake with a cup filled with a red liquid on the table in front of Harry "but that's neither here nor there. Drink your blood little giant, you'll need to keep up on that if you want to stay sane around those idiots" the half giant patted Harry affectionately on the head. "thanks Dad. I need something just to get through those loud meals. My ears are still ringing" Harry gulped down every drop of the warm metallic tasting liquid and instantly started feeling better "Dad do you think they would've bothered if I could do magic back then?" The half giant shook his head with a heavy sigh "I … I don't know for sure, but that was their fault too. If they bothered to check they would've known you weren't some fussy baby, but a starving creature in need of human blood in your diet. Maybe if they weren't so absorbed in this fame from Michael they would've noticed, but they didn't and here we are. You couldn't use your magic because it was trying to keep you alive … you were half dead from starvation when Firenze found you wandering around the Forbidden Forest looking for a wounded animal" Harry smiled and easily bit into rock cake getting the plump cherries inside "I remember … I was so hungry for so long, but he took me away from a bleeding animal kicking and screaming and gave me to you-OW" Harry hissed in pain and set his cake down as Hagrid came over and took his relatively tiny hands in his. With great care the half giant gently removed the gloves revealing bandaged fingertips "your fingers are still bothering you huh … lets see here" One bandage was removed to show a sharp flat pointed white bone poking out from under the fingernail like a second nail "it looks like you're … getting claws? First your eyes and hair change now this. What next?" "no clue, but this will make potions tricky if I can't prepare ingredients" Harry sighed as his father figure bandaged his fingertips again with surprising skill for a man his size "guess it's a good thing I decided not to be a straight A student" Hagrid nodded "yes, do what you can to fly in the wards for a while. At least until we find out what you are and to see if you would be in trouble with the ministry for not being registered or being in school. I won't let you get sent to Azkaban or, Merlin forbid, executed for being alive and wanting an education" Harry put his gloves back on "potions don't effect me, my skin resists magic, now claws … at this rate I'm not on the LDC" he said as he finished his cake "oh Dad, don't say fly in the wards, I might sprout wings next" "lets hope! That would greatly narrow down our options on the List of Dangerous Creatures and if you aren't a creature on the list then no one can stop you! The school will have to allow it since they allow any pure or rebirth creature not on the register to attend as long as they aren't a threat so don't kill the Potters even if it's tempting!" Hagrid grinned making Harry chuckle as he put his plate and cup in the sink "now you go back to your room. First day of school and all, you will need to rest so no late night stroll tonight. Don't forget your uniform, fake wand and books … goodnight little giant" said Hagrid before patting the boy's head. The young boy reached under his father's bed to pull out a box with a neatly folded uniform with a wand like stick on top and a school bag holding his textbooks and quills. He hugged Hagrid and went back to his dorm without anyone being the wiser …