arm was wrapped around her stomach, failing to keep her blood from flowing free. Daphne sneered imperiously while Astoria snarled like a wild thing. Ice and fire, Ron thought. He had always been grateful to have their burn on his side – even if that wasn't going to change anything now. On Ron's other shoulder was Draco, a huge slash pulling his face out of shape. He was nearly painted in blood. Draco's husband, Blaise, stood in line with Neville and Harry. The white of his left eye was blood red and he was missing most of his fingers on his wand hand. Ron winced. Blaise's passion was music. He had even been in the choir at Hogwarts. For him, at least, death might be kinder than a life unable to play instruments. Draco met Ron's eye and nodded once. Draco, too, knew what shape they were in. He turned to kiss Blaise and Ron looked away. He had been Draco's best man at their on-the-run wedding. Neville had said the blessing, having been the only one who knew the traditional words other than the grooms. Harry had stood for Blaise. Their wedding was one of Ron's last happy memories. Completing their beaten huddle were husbands Marcus and Oliver Flint. Both had been Quidditch professionals, once upon a time. They didn't look like they would ever be playing again, though. Marcus was all but carrying Oliver, who had lost his lower arm to a bombarda. Even without the wands aimed at them, Oliver wouldn't survive the hour. Ron closed his eyes against the rage roaring in his throat. Gods. What had they ever done to deserve this? Someone put a hand on Ron's shoulder and he turned to see Neville. He had filled out since school, making Harry the smallest, but Ron still had a few inches on him. Neville was blood-soaked, his right arm hanging brokenly at his side. He looked somehow lopsided without Gryffindor's sword, which had become his main weapon in recent years. The poor thing lay in pieces half-way across the room, shattered by some obscure curse from Dumbledore. Ron had thought Neville had been hit with a crucio when he had realized the damage done to the sword. Neville already had his good arm looped around Harry's waist. "I love you both," he murmured, his signature sheepish grin creeping out from between his bloodied lips. Tears blurred Ron's vision. "I love you both, too," Ron croaked. He had been hit with a strangulation hex early on. His words left a coppery taste in his mouth. It was worth it, though, to see Harry's sad smile. Harry only ever smiled sadly anymore and even those were hard to pry out of him. Harry had taken each death personally, cloaking himself in Sirius' beaten leather jacket like a memorial. Still, he was vicious and confident and still managed to be funny, sometimes. Out of all of them, he was the only one who still looked like he could put up a fight, even covered in brutal bruising. Giving up any pretense, Ron turned fully towards them and swept both of them into his arms. Neville buried his face into Ron's shoulder and pressed a kiss against his neck. Harry clung much the same, slipping his arms around Ron and Neville as though to lock them in place. His words were a gentle hiss of parseltongue and Ron took a moment to realize the sibilant whispers were their wedding vows. Harry had a penchant for the language, even after all that had happened, and their vows had become a favourite oath of his to murmur. As the battles had crashed by, Neville and Ron could almost mimic him. Ron closed his eyes. If there was a prayer of a chance, Ron hoped that Neville and Harry would live, even if it was without him. So that maybe in the future there would be a green-eyed baby with messy hair and a heart-shaped face. Ron liked Orion for a name, after their favorite constellation. The constellation, their constellation, was made up of three bright stars. Tonight, those stars shone above them and silently, Ron made a wish. He wished that he, his husbands, their friends and Resistance leaders, their murdered family members, their persecuted allies, could have a second chance at this life. He wished it so hard . He faced back towards his death. He would die before his husbands would. He would have it no other way. Spells were shot. His world went black in a burst of colour. Hello, everyone! Here's hoping you like what I've done with the first chapter of Orion's Belt , which I've been lucky enough to adopt from the wonderful Lone-Angel-1992! Mostly, I've just cleaned up the grammar and written the story over to better reflect my writing style. Additional changes include some tinkering with the dynamics between Harry, Neville, and Ron (though be assured, the ship will stay the same), and ironing out some knots in the backstory. In other news, this chapter has been beta'd! Thanks, LoonyLaLuna! Also, I recently (8/16/2017) edited this again so that the tense matched the rest of the story. How I missed that for literally two years I do not know. I also fixed the timeline some more. Terminology: The War - Refers to the Second Wizarding War against Voldemort and the Death Eaters. The Final Battle - May 2, 1998, the Battle of Hogwarts during Deathly Hollows. The Light Purges - Takes place from May of 1998 through to 2001, when Ron and company die. Essentially, this is when all the deaths and awful things done by Molly, Ginny, Hermione and other antagonists take place. The Resistance - The good guys who don't wind up dead in those first few months of the Light Purges. Led by mainly by Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy, and Daphne Greengrass. If you have any questions, feel free to PM me. Otherwise, reviews are always appreciated! Sincerely, BlackRoseGirl666