is someone you like, right? Anyone?" Sirius questioned, almost pleadingly. Remus sighed. "There isn't, Padfoot, and you know why." "If this is about your furry problem, I'll have you know this is completely bulls—" James was interrupted when a high pitched scream came from the next room, right where the girls were. All of them stood straight in a jump, fearing what might have happened, and they all but ran to the kitchen. Remus, even if glad for the interruption, could feel his heart beating wildly in anxiety and fear of what they would find. The first sight they had was Lily, worry fetched on her features, talking hastily to a sweating Isabelle that was bracing herself against the counter, a mixture of surprise and pain in her face. "I think my water just broke." That's all it took to hell break loose. Sirius breathing became almost non-existent, actually, It didn't seem he was breathing at all. Panic made its presence and he just stopped there, no knowing what to do. That is, until a Miss Potter started to scream like a crazy banshee. "What is your matter, you idiots? She needs to go to the hospital. NOW!" And like that, the men finally moved, Sirius taking his panting wife in his arms, then apparating to the hospital, being followed not even seconds after by the others. oOo They waited patiently – except Sirius, who was pacing fretfully – for six hours, and yet, no news. "Sit down, Sirius" "I can't Lily, not 'til I see her…" She exhaled but didn't say anything. In that instant, a loud cry was heard and a nurse came in their direction not long after. The mid-age woman looked worn off but the sincere smile on her face reassured them everything was okay. "She is asking for you, Mr. Black." The nurse beckoned him to trail behind her. James, Remus and Lily, doubtful if they should go or not, stayed in the waiting room, but the woman signaled for their presence too, and so they went, walking slowly as to let the future daddy enter first. Belle was laying in the hospital bed, her face red and sweat covering the sheets, then she peeped up when he made his way in, extending her arm as if telling him to come closer. When he did, Isabelle took his hand in hers, intertwining their fingers as he caressed her palm with his thumb. "I love you, Sirius…" she said weakly. His eyes told her everything she needed to know. He would never leave her. No if he had a say in it. "… I love you too, my Belle." After lots of pushing, screaming and swearing – from Isabelle's pushing or Sirius' breaking hand, not sure – a baby cry filled the room, and after hours of pain, the new mommy fell down to the bed in exhaustion and relief. "Congratulations, Ms. and Mr. Black. You have a beautiful baby girl." The many times they thought they had been happy, nothing could be compared to that moment. The feeling when you hold your child for the first time was indescribable. When the nurse gave her the infant, Sirius circled her shoulders with his arm, and together, they soaked in the girl's beauty. The little girl was an almost perfect copy of her dad, except for her tiny nose and heart-shaped head. A tuff of chocolate brown hair sprouting from her head was a picture-perfect mixture of her parents. Her skin was pale, but her cheeks had a natural blush and huffed softly through her pink lips with each breath she took. That instant, the glass door opened and their three friends came into the room, Molly and Arthur Weasley behind them, two-year-old boys, twins, in their arms. "We came as soon as we could" Arthur said standing in the back. "Do you need anything, dear? Is everything alright?" Molly. Always the sweetest. Both Sirius and Belle beamed at them, but otherwise, refused. "We're okay, but thanks" he said. "Come see her" At that Lily squealed in joy. "A girl! I told you, Belle. Our kids will look great together…" and then, the dreamy look returned. The others almost sweat-dropped, but neither James or Sirius dared say nothing to disagree with the hot-tempered redhead. "So… Sirius and I were talking and we decided," Belle paused, then stared at Remus and Lily "Would you like to be the godparents?" "Of course I would, Belle. Thank you, thank you" Lily smiled animatedly. However, Remus didn't look fond of the idea. "You know my condition… I would be a no good for godparent… I don't think I am cut out for this…" he mumbled nervously. The new parents already knew the drew by heart. Remus was too conscious, but also a good-hearted man. Only he could not see it. Always thinking himself unworthy of love. "Nonsense, Moony." Sirius said with finality "We already decided. There is no one better than you" "He is right, Moony" James added. "Remus…" Isabelle pleaded. The man sighed, knowing he lost. Nonetheless, he felt very glad his friends choose him with such important part in their daughter's life. He always thought James would be the godfather. "Alright." The others beamed, and Remus, for once, didn't felt all alone. "Mommy, mommy…" "What is it, sweetheart?" a seven-month pregnant Molly questioned the boy in her arms. Little Fred, or George, pointed to the baby who now was in her godfather's arms. Her eyes opened and all in the room could testify bright honey-grey eyes taking the first look at the world. "Have you decided a name, yet?" Arthur asked gently. The ginger was glad to make part of such beautiful moment. Sirius turned to his wife, a curious feeling in his eyes for he hadn't thought about it, being so caught up seeing his daughter being goggled at by his best friends. Belle took a glance at her little girl and determinately said. "Charlotte Grace Black." oOo