just as tonight's moon peaked." James stumbled backwards at Dumbledore's revelation. "We will have to wait to compare our registry with those from other ministries but it is extremely likely that your son is the child of the prophecy." "No, no, no, no…" James pleaded. "I'm afraid it gets worse," continued Dumbledore, causing James to fix him with an incredulous stare. "Fudge, in an effort to boost morale and his own popularity, decided to reveal your son's name to the public. Undoubtedly, Voldemort and every one of his Death Eaters now know Daniel's name." "That bastard," muttered James. "How that buffoon ever got into office is beyond my understanding." James paced quickly back and forth and yelled more curses about the current Minister of Magic. Dumbledore remained still, allowing James to vent his frustration. James suddenly stopped and became very quiet for a moment. Turning towards the stairs leading to the bedrooms, he asked despondently, "What am I supposed to do, Albus? What am I supposed to tell Lily?" "I believe you already know what you must do, James," replied Dumbledore knowing the difficult choices James would have to make. James's shoulders sank and he lowered his head in defeat. He slowly turned to Dumbledore. "I have to become the Head of House." James once again turned to look back towards the upstairs. He knew that his decision would change things for him and Lily; for to become the Head of House they would no longer be married. According to the old laws, the Head of House can only be married to a pureblood. The reason was the archaic belief that only a pureblood witch could produce a strong heir. It was the reason he never wanted to become the Head, he loved Lily too much to even contemplate ending their marriage. Harry and Daniel would still be legitimate heirs but Lily would not be allowed to be the Lady of the House and wouldn't have the protection of the Potter name. It was an archaic tradition but, unfortunately, was embedded in the magic of the position. James's father was the only one who could have taken the title and not have to dissolve his marriage since James and his grandfather were married to a Muggleborn and half-blood, respectively. In addition, James would have to undergo certain rituals in order to activate the wards of Potter Cove. Consequently, the rituals would result in a constant drain of James's magic. It wouldn't have any negative effects on James; it just meant that his magic would be used to blanket the estate and allowed all those under it to remain hidden. It's also what allows a Head to know when a person enters or leaves the wards. However, should a person stronger then the Head threaten the wards from within it would cause immense, possibly fatal, harm to the Head. "There is an alternative, James," Dumbledore said, interrupting James's thoughts. At James's inquisitive look, Dumbledore smiled. "You, Lily, and your son can come to Hogwarts." Dumbledore walked towards James and lightly grabbed his shoulders. "Come to Hogwarts and the staff and I will keep you safe and help you raise your son." "And Harry, too." "Harry? Yes, of course, Harry too." Dumbledore replied quickly, too quickly. James was about to agree when he noticed the twinkle in Dumbledore's eye. It made him feel a bit unsettled as he recognized that look. He had witnessed it a number of times while watching Dumbledore interrogate prisoners. James never knew how but through this look Dumbledore could manipulate even the most iron-willed of prisoners to do exactly as he wished. He swallowed hard; until then, he had never thought Dumbledore would ever try to manipulate his own people. A sudden realization that this may not have been Dumbledore's first attempt at influencing him led to James glaring angrily at the Headmaster of Hogwarts. "Leave Dumbledore, I will become the Head of House. Lily and I will take the boys to Potter Cove and we will be safe." James gestured towards the door stiffly. Dumbledore sighed and moved towards the door. As he opened the door, Dumbledore turned. "Forgive me, James, I only wanted to help." With that Dumbledore exited the home and disappeared with a pop. James's legs felt like lead as he slowly ascended the staircase. He came to the doorway of the room where his family resided and took a moment to watch them sleep. Lily slept with Daniel and Harry curled on both sides of her. They looked so peaceful that James's heart sank with the knowledge that this peace would not last long. James crept into the room and approached the bed. His hand shakily brushed a strain of hair out of Lily's face and he leaned forward to give a soft kiss to her forehead. Lily stirred softly. "James?" "Shhhh…honey, go back to sleep," James softly cooed, tears in his eyes. "Mmmh, what did Dumbledore want?" Lily continued with her eyes still closed. James couldn't bear to tell her, knowing that she would not be able to sleep with this knowledge. "Nothing that can't wait 'til the morning." Lily shifted slightly and returned to her dreams. James sadly smiled and looked at his new son. Daniel was securely wrapped in a bundle of fabric and snugly tucked in Lily's left arm. James's mind marveled at how such a little thing could carry such a large destiny. His eyes then drifted to the sleeping form of Harry, who practically slept on top of Lily's right side with his arm outstretched towards Daniel. It seemed he had fallen asleep with his hand still holding Daniel's but had drifted away as they slept. James closed his eyes and wiped his tears. He and his family had an uncertain future in front of them but he was determined to do whatever it took to protect his family. With that in mind, he moved to the nearby chair and quickly fell into an uneasy sleep.