against Bella's shoulders to no purchase; she was pinned helplessly between Bella and the counter. "Don't shut me out Pet." Bella whispered into the hungry kiss, her hands pulled desperately at the shorts Hermione had worn to bed. In a moment they were down around her ankles, Bella's hands pushed Hermione's legs apart and slipped between her folds in one fluid motion. Hermione's knees buckled slightly at the contact, her slick folds gave away her desire for the dark witch who was now thrusting her fingers at a violent pace causing Hermione to gasp and dig her nails into her wife's back. "You're mine." Bella growled adding a third finger; she enjoyed the feeling of stretching her wife, the delicious tight walls closing against her fingers. "Not Andy's, not even Maia's, mine." She hissed thrusting harder. Hermione was certain she was going to pass out if Bella continued her unforgiving pace. "My own mudblood." She whispered, "Say you're mine." She hissed, her mouth closing over her favourite sensitive spot on Hermione's neck, the spot that drove her wife into peels of giggles and shivers when she bit it. Hermione moaned trying to fight the words as Bella quickened her pace. "Say it or I leave you wanting." Bella said starting to push harder enjoying the feel of Hermione's hips betraying her, her body proving how much she wanted and needed Bella to fuck her. Hermione shook her head and Bella pulled her fingers away immediately. "Such a stubborn little muddy." She said shaking her head, "Such a tease." She frowned at Bella's words; it was rare that Bella called her anything like that, her body was screaming in protest to Bella's pause and removal of the delicious full feeling between her legs. "Bella-" She whispered pleading trying to move back towards Bella's hand. "Don't-don't call me those things." She said gently. A growl rose from Bella's throat as she pulled Hermione tightly against her and they were gone without so much as a soft crack to awaken the rest of the household. They landed with a muffled thud, Hermione did not recognize the place at all, immediately Bella was on her again pushing her back towards a black veiled bed. "My delicious little pet." She cooed closing her mouth over Hermione's again. Her hand returned between Hermione's legs as they landed on the bed. A smile graced her lips when she felt her wife's back arch up off the bed trying to get closer to her hand, trying to feel her deeper, to feel more of her. "So delicious." Bella mumbled against her ear, "So sweet." Hermione whimpered as Bella kissed down her arm, her tongue brushing over the gold tattoo on Hermione's arm. Hermione woke up the next morning stiff and sore. She stretched slowly and looked around the unfamiliar room. She was alone, Bella had disappeared into the mammoth house, Hermione's eyes cast around the room, it was dark wood with green and silver tapestries and black wall hangings. This was Black Manor, Hermione knew it, knew the smell of the old home. She pushed the bed hangings back and slipped out of the bed. She didn't have her wand, Andromeda would be awake and so would Maia, she looked at the fireplace; the floo powder pot was empty. She pushed at the door and found it was locked. She pushed it again and swore. "Bella?" She called against the heavy door; she tried to open the door with wandless magic to no avail. "Bella!" She shouted getting annoyed now. What the actual bloody hell was going on? She shoved the door bruising her hip in the process. She tried the door to the bathroom and found it was open, unfortunately there was no door that led to the hallway. She paced the floor growing more annoyed with each passing moment. An elf brought her a tray of food but said nothing when she was questioned. She tried the windows and found they too were sealed with magic. She had given up shouting for Bella to open the door, the figures in the portraits watched her quizzically but did not answer her when she tried to speak to them. An hour after she had woken the door opened and Bella appeared. "What the bloody hell is going on Bella?" Hermione said standing up from the chair she had been occupying to push past Bella and go out onto the landing. "Where have you been? You locked me in that bloody room for an hour." Her wife frowned in confusion and looked from Hermione to the door. "I left it open." Bella said moving to inspect the door still frowning and then sighed. "Sorry, the house has fail safes put in place, I thought I had reset them all." She pushed the door again and tapped it with her wand muttering a spell. "Try it now." Her voice was a picture of innocence. Hermione went into the room and shut the door, this time the door gave way when she tried it. "There I think that is all of them but still, best to not wander into the depths of the house without myself or Andromeda with you." "I-Bella what is going on?" Hermione said looking around on the brightly lit landing. "Nothing, the house is done. I-well I wanted to surprise you but-well it's done we can move in now." She said stepping back and smiling as if this had been the plan all along. "Bella-" Hermione began only to be quieted by Bella's sad expression. "The house is big enough Hermione so-so you can still punish me but-I" She held the banister, "I can't go without seeing my child. You can monitor everything about me but I can't-I can't go another day without her Hermione." Hermione swallowed over the lump in her throat and nodded. Bella was right, she couldn't use their child as some sort of prized carrot that she kept dangling in front of her.