platter, because the damage she could do with such a humiliating story was unthinkable . "Am I really?" I said finally. She gritted her teeth and through them she whispered, "When you least expect it, you little Muggle-born shite." "Oh, I'm the shite, am I, Black?" I yelled. Bella growled, drawing out her wand. Sliding mine down my sleeve and into my wand hand, I continued, "Because of my heritage ? Because my parents aren't wizards? Or is it because for the life of you, you can't understand why someone of my blood has more talent in her little finger than you will ever even dream of?" Our wands were facing, Bella looking venomous. I could imagine I held a similar expression. A flash of purple came between us, and it took me a moment to recognize it as Madam Hooch. "Ms. Evans! Ms. Black! Wands down, for Merlin's sake! I will not have a duel in the middle of your recreational period! Ten points from both your houses!" "She started it!" we said in unison. My eyes narrowed at her and I heard her hissing. I suppose Slytherin suits her. Madam Hooch gave us both reproving looks. "It is obvious the two of you have differences that need settling. You may do so tonight in detention." I gaped at her. "But, Madam Hooch!" I started. I was just going to ask her to Obliviate everyone! If I had just told her to do it in the first place, instead of basking in my undeserved glory, none of this would have happened! "I'll hear none of it, Ms. Evans. You have caused quite the stir this morning. I would have expected more of our Head Girl," she answered. Ouch. She'd said it, though. I should not have drawn my wand when I did. But I was just so angry! How was I supposed to keep my "Head Girl cool" with Bella throwing such nasty bait at me, calling me "Muggle-born shite"? That's a horrible thing to say! Madam Hooch shooed Bella away, and off Bella flew, but not before subtly dragging her forefinger across her throat as she passed me by. My jaw clenched. I was more than angry; I was fuming. I turned to Madam Hooch and exclaimed, "Don't you know what she said to me? She called me 'Muggle-born shite!'" Madam Hooch's eyebrows rose dramatically. "I understand. But a Head Girl cannot go around throwing hexes at whomever she pleases—" I frowned. "It's not whomever I please! I was merely defending myself! She got out her wand first! Was I just supposed to sit there on my broom like a sitting diricawl?" "My mistake, Ms. Evans. A Head Girl cannot go around throwing hexes, whatever the reason. It sets a bad example for all the other students. It is simply not acceptable. I can revoke your detention, considering no hexes were thrown, however, and that you pulled your wand out purely out of defense." "Thank you!" I said, slightly self-righteous. I crossed my arms across my chest and was so angry I did not realize I was still flying without having both my hands on the handle. Madam Hooch put a hand up. "However, if I revoke your detention, I must pay the same mercy to your peer." I groaned, placing my head exasperatedly in my hands. " Why? " She went on to explain something or other about fairness, neutrality, and how nothing really did happen, so any evidence I had that made Bella the villain in the story could not be taken into consideration because we were being punished for drawing our wands, blah blah blah. The sky is blue. The grass is green. James Potter is "in love" with me. And a whole lot of other empty truths. Eventually she got to her point. "Therefore do you, or do you not, Ms. Evans, wish for me to revoke both yours and Ms. Black's detention?" I nodded begrudgingly. "Alright," Madam Hooch said. "I'll have Ms. Black know you were courteous enough to let her off today." She was about to leave, but I called after her. She turned expectedly towards me, a knowing smile on her face. "Is this why you told me I should probably have everyone Obliviated?" I asked, with a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach. I really wanted it to be another reason. Anything, actually. Like, if everyone knew about my fall, they would suddenly turn into pixies. Or that I would wake up with technicolor teeth, blinding complete strangers with as little effort as a smile. Or even that my fall and my miracle Wronski Defensive Feint had somehow changed the core physical laws of the universe, causing gravity to exist no longer, and the Earth to simultaneously implode and explode. Instead, she nodded. "Unfortunately, Ms. Evans," she started, after a few more groans from me, "too much time has passed, and too many people have already left the pitch. This makes completing my previous plan impossible. I am afraid there will be no Obliviating today, and you will just have to live with the consequences." I mentally stabbed myself in the gut. How fantastic was this bit of news? She left me to my miserable self, and I slowly flew my way back to my friends. "Bloody well done, that!" some strange boy said to me, patting me on the back as I passed him. A whole lot of his mates joined in on it. I was well depressed, and no amount of "What talent! What humor! What genius!" could get me out of this foul mood. Bellatrix Black and her Slytherin cronies were going to have me fed to the giant squid for humiliating Nott. The irony was cruel. I had humiliated myself, only to find out everyone thought it was a sarcastic throwback to Nott's "ill-maneuvered antics." What cruel fate is this?! This is exactly why I didn't want "Operation Fire Dragon" to start! Bloody hell.