to wash the numbing sensation of war and family from his tortured mind. Peter had been the one to take the lead in celebrating their last week of the summer. It was a mission that included a lot of alcohol and sleeping. And eating. And genius (stupid) experiments to prepare for their final year at Hogwarts waiting around the corner. "Told you it'd be good for you," Peter yells back over the noise. He appears to have taped tequila bottles to his palms—not a bad DIY idea—and Sirius takes another generous gulp from the cup of unidentifiable liquor pushed into his hands at the start of the party. He thinks it might be a margarita gone wrong considering it makes his head spin every time he so much as takes a whiff, but it tastes like summer in a cup so he won't ask too many questions. Sirius Black is incredibly drunk. He hasn't been this drunk since he and James first thought it was a good idea to raid Euphemia Potter's liquor cabinet and get raving drunk in the garden behind the Potter house, and despite Sirius' history of spilling humiliating secrets and crossing lines of tact fully invisible to his inebriated mind, he very much wants to drink more. There's a whole pyramid of shots lined up in the hall Sirius has yet to sample, and he's fully relying on Remus to keep an eye on him and make sure nobody takes advantage of his drunken affinity of touching everybody everywhere. Sometimes he licks too, which people unfortunately often take the wrong way. He wanted to dance really, really badly, so he did. He bangs his head and spins in circles until the entire room is one giant blender, colours blurring together and music pounding in from every side. Man, he's the best drunk in the world. It's a great turn out, actually, for such a tiny house. The Prewett's had done a great job. Judging from the mass of people anyone claustrophobic would probably hurl out the window. Sirius didn't have any problem with filtering through the guests, although many probably saw him as a problem as every step he took resulted in him bumping into things. A clumsy dancer or a beer keg or a girl wearing nothing but balloons, carefree and drunk. Massively drunk. Even Remus was letting loose, aggressively dancing with a lamp with a bottle of vodka in his free hand without a single care in the world. Sirius would be taking pictures if he could convince his mind to focus. He can't though, so Remus was spared. James' horrible singing (much sounding like someone spanking a cat because what the fuck is that noise) Ramble On is now smoothly transitioning into Whole Lotta Love , and something in the melody makes Sirius stop dancing, suddenly feeling too heavy to stand. Not very far away, tequila bottles were being ripped away, some glue sticking to his fingers. It felt kind of funky, but in a funny, good way. (Whatever that meant.) Once free from the bottles, Peter Pettigrew escaped out the backdoor to give himself a break from James' banshee singing, Sirius flinging Bertie Bott's at his head and Remus embarrassing himself in trying to duel a now fully-trained Fabian Prewett. Not very long ago had Lily Evans and Mary MacDonald barged in – Lily now sneaking up on people and offering them a fair share of her bowl of popcorn, and Mary… Don't even get started on Mary. With a champagne glass (filled with orange juice) raised above her head Mary was trying to hold a toast, but the words she was trying to say didn't quite make it out through her sobs. Emotional drunks were never Peter's expertise, so he escaped before Mary would get clingy. No one seemed to notice (or care) when Peter slipped out back. He was out of cigarettes, so for the moment he settled on glancing out over the city. Beyond the short fence was an image that he had only seen in postcards. A few lights dotted here and there, signalling other homes. There were trees stretching as if to touch the stars. The moon that Peter had grown to hate ever since he was eleven was skinny – the full moon still weeks away – yet it was strong enough to offer just enough light to see. A mountain of lined clouds descended over the buildings, brown billows separating the city from the black sky. Moonlight sung with verses of danger above, but no one listened. Honestly, no matter how good the summer had been, Peter wanted it to end. Time wasn't going the right pace. He wanted it to run off his shoulders like water and that he would be left standing free from school and homework and summer breaks to do anything and everything all at once. He wanted to grow up and choose his own books and his own spells and maybe… " Pete!" Nearly jumping out of his skin, Peter nearly dropped his wand as he turned back towards the house and the backdoor that had now suddenly been slammed open. It was no one other than the tone-deaf solo-artist James Potter who was standing in the frame, voice already hoarse from all the ABBA sung. Still, he didn't let that get in the way. "What are you even doing out here? No- never mind, just get back here and help ." Peter didn't question his best friend, quick to jog back to the party. As he got closer, he noticed how the curly hair was unnaturally wild. Like fingers had pushed through it one too many times. It was a mess. No, correction: James was a mess. "What happened?" Peter asked, fear creeping up his spine as he held his breath in the pause of waiting. It had to be bad, considering how pale James looked. "It's Remus. I think he's transforming." AN: Good / bad / stop ?