her friends take her out shopping and help her pick out a wardrobe. She picked clothes she knew her relatives would hate - because she'd like them, but also just annoy her uncle in particular. She mixed pieces together in eccentric trendsetter style, picked whimsical and shockingly colored accessories, but it was all in soft and sometimes glittery fabrics like silk, chiffon, and velvet. She particularly favored skirts, sparkly gauzy off the shoulder sweaters, tights, platform shoes, and costume jewelry like bangles and dangling earrings. All in absurd colors, of course. She added a bit of mermaid and alien style makeup, let her hair fall loose around her, and it was like she was a tiny little woman. She gazed in the fitting room mirror at herself in the mall. The blue, purple, and green somehow enhanced the fey sense to her features. Her messy dark waves fell softly and naturally around her, her almond shaped bright green eyes popped with the new colors and gleamed, and her lightly freckled skin with a heart shaped face, high cheekbones, and small features together with her tiny, slim form made her look like a little fairy. She came home and her aunt and uncle just about had a coronary. "You can't go out like that!" they said, almost as one. "But if my clothes end up ruined or I don't wear them," said Esmeralda with carefully planned innocence, "wouldn't that be rude?" And so, no matter how they hated it, they had to let her dress the way she pleased. She paused on the staircase. "Oh, by the way," she said. "My friends have been asking to come over for a while. They want to see my room." Her aunt and uncle froze as she passed up the staircase to the bathroom. Because Esmeralda didn't have a room. She had a closet. And so at last, Esmeralda was given her own full upstairs bedroom. Dudley watched in exasperated, good-natured amusement as she decorated it herself. Lots of modern technology, a memory foam mattress, shimmering metallic painted walls, fanciful postmodern mirrors, retro deeply colored quilts, and everything everywhere was soft and luxurious and cashmere. Ethereal and dreamlike painting copies, carefully chosen to be classical and fit with her aunt and uncle's delicate tastes in artistry, adorned her walls. She set her books, odd and colorful clothes and makeup brushes, running equipment, and programming equipment in there and it was hers. She started having birthday parties with friends every year on February nineteenth, her birthday, and they all loved her strange and wonderful single room, the soft, luxurious white bedroom window curtains opened to allow sunlight onto the space. And sunlight onto Esmeralda's life. Her life wasn't perfect - her aunt and uncle still cold, her chores still frequent and entirely feminine (she actually had to ask how to fix things or how cars worked), she was still left behind with local little old cat lady babysitter Mrs Figg during fun family functions, and she had to trick her aunt and uncle into giving her every bit of happiness. But in spite of it all, she was happy. 7. One of her richer friends invited her one summer to a seaside villa. Esmeralda had fun there, splashing and laughing in the water with friends, picking shells and mussels from the tidepool. She was on a green, rocky cliff overlooking the sea once during her stay, and she heard whispering in the grass around her. She looked down - and paused in surprise. Little snakes were there at her feet, whispering to her - and she could understand their words. She kneeled down to them. "Hello," she whispered to them. "Hello, hello," they whispered back. Esmeralda found over the following days that she could carry on whole conversations with the snakes. That no one else could, she had no doubt. Strange things had always happened arouns Esmeralda. When she was little, she was prone to being around weird accidents: things growing or shrinking, changing size or shape or color, randomly being pushed into the air by gusts of wind that didn't seem to exist, occasionally even exploding. Unluckily, they only ever happened when she was around, when she was most upset. She didn't cause them, but had been locked in that dark childhood closet many a time - no one had ever believed her. She was upset less these days, so the strange things happened less often. But now here was this thing. She could talk to snakes. And for the thousandth time, she wondered why. Esmeralda Potter wondered about a lot of things, she thought as she stood on the green cliff, wind whipping her hair back, looking over the sparkling sea. Why no one ever talked about her parents. Why the first thing she remembered was a flash of blinding green light and a burning pain on her forehead. (Why would a car crash cause blinding green light?) Why strangely dressed people in purple and green, homeless so her furious aunt said, often came up to her in the street, to wave or to bow or to kiss her hand like she was some sort of princess. Why those people always seemed to vanish the second she tried to get a closer look. Esmeralda wondered about a lot of things. But more than that, she knew more than ever as primary school ended, she parted sadly with her first friends, and plans were made that summer to send her off to a private secondary boarding school, an old fashioned finishing school - more than that, she wanted more. She wanted to enjoy sports, books, odd fashion and design, technological imagination in peace. She wanted creativity and adventure and fulfillment of something she didn't understand that she had inside her. She didn't want to be a wealthy suburban girl at a finishing school. She didn't want to be the housewife of some boring man. She wanted so much more than what they had planned.