had her heart thankfully the confidence boost leads him to take full advantage of the leader aura his father has that makes people want to follow and trust him. I, on the other hand, have apparently gotten shoved into a role on the opposite side of the spectrum. While Striker also had the flying instinct Harry has he doesn't enjoy it to the same extreme. While not a bookworm it seemed Striker was kind of the logical one preferring to think things through lest he give into anger. It seems that he lacked any real morals. If he got pissed off he became a threat liable to kill someone without any qualms. As such I decided to play to the more logical side of things and try to pass myself off as a bookworm. It helps me to learn all I can and can act as an excuse when I gain knowledge from Striker. Plus it may be fun to give Hermione a run for her money. While she will gladly use the excuse that I grew up in a magical household she will do everything she can to prove she is better. Actually, I mused as the conversation continued on without me, I should probably come up with a plan about all this. I continued to eat while giving the matter some thought. First year shouldn't be too difficult as the protections for the stone will probably be the same and I already have some ideas of getting around them. Classes should pretty much be no problem if I keep up the bookworm status. So the only other big events would be Halloween, meeting Voldemort, and the first Quidditch match… Wait I'm forgetting something… Right I should probably include the train ride their and the thing with Norbert to. With my plate clean I excused myself and went to bed early claiming to be tired from the reading. After taking care of everything in the bathroom; shower, teeth, etc. I stripped to my underwear and hopped into bed continuing to think. It would probably be best to start from the beginning and go from there. First would be the train ride. Probably best to share a compartment with Hermione and Neville. Get her used to friends and him out of his shell. "Actually Neville's parents are fine too." Striker cut in. So not so much out of his shell as accept him. Steer clear of Malfoy too. Ok that's simple enough and there is really nothing I can do about the sorting so next thing. That would probably be Halloween if I recall correctly since Malfoy would be an idiot to challenge the son of an Auror. Halloween means the troll and since I'm effectively trying to replace Ron with Neville here there shouldn't be a problem with Hermione. I should mention the Slytherin's live in the dungeons thing though. That may earn me some brownie points. Next is the Quidditch match which Harry may or may not be in if things go the same way but other than learning the counter jinx Snape used or that Arresto Momentum spell not much I can do from the stands. Guess I should probably leave that for now… The next is getting rid of Norbert. I could go to Dumbledore about it or go the same way as the book. I could either make sure they remember the invisibility cloak or try to lower the points taken. I could also try and keep Neville out of it. Getting in contact with Charlie shouldn't be a problem since I'm sure the twins would be helpful enough if I end up screwing things up with Ron. The kid can be a decent friend I just need to figure out how to handle him. Finally for first year would be the third floor corridor. Devils Snare shouldn't be a problem. Neither should the keys or the chess board and the troll should hopefully be knocked out by Quirrell. That left Fluffy and the potions riddle. Unfortunately I am unsure if my way with dogs translates to a Cerberus but there is always music. That only left the riddle. From Pottermore and what I recall from the book I should be able to guess which one is right but unfortunately only one person can go forward after Quirrell. Unless… Ok if I steal the stone ahead of time and hide it in the room of requirement then the only problem should be with the troll and if the teachers believed Hermione's lie on Halloween then chances are there are some books on dealing with trolls in the library that I could look at. After that I could send it off to the Flamel's since I have absolutely no clue on how to use it. I smiled and snuggled under the blanket glad at having a plan in front of me. Hopefully I will still remember it by the time morning comes. I turn over trying to get comfortable in this new bed that I didn't really have time to analyse this morning. I tossed and turned a little bit more bemoaning the loss of the stuffed animals I'm used to sleeping with before finally falling asleep. A/N: And there we go. I know I should probably be working on my other stories but this would just not get out of my head. And when they get stuck in my head you get longer chapters. For example I still have no idea what I want to include in the third chapter of my other Harry Potter fic. Don't get me wrong I know exactly what I want to do but I have nothing except the beginning. So review if you liked it or if you didn't and we'll see how long it takes before I put up another chapter of something. It's probably going to be the Naruto one next but I'll get started on the other one to see if that gets the creativity flowing.