And that was another thing. The bite wound probably had an infection that was more than skin-deep, but this is what Draco could do, and so he did. And then he dried it, gingerly, and the dog's black fur was marginally softer after being cleaned. And Draco looked at the still slightly-oozing wound, and felt a faint panic well within him that this would all be for nothing if this wound wasn't properly disinfected. He really wanted the dog to heal. In fact, it felt imperative to him that it did. He needed this. And when Draco felt the urge again, he gave in. He didn't lick it, but he drooled profusely over the gummy niche in the dog's torso. He smeared the saliva with his hands, spreading an even coating, and it felt oddly thick, his spit, but he wasn't sure if it was honestly more viscous or if it was his exhaustion fooling him. And, considering that was all he could really do for now, Draco left out some fine china for the dog, filled one with water while he filled the other with a can of tomato soup—he knew better than to attempt to reintroduce the creature to solids so early after near-starvation—, and head off to bed. It was much easier to return to his bed than it had been to leave it, he noted mildly, just before his head hit the pillow and he was out cold. When Draco padded into his kitchen the next morning, it was to find piles of vomit on the floor, but he ignored them easily and looked for the dog. He found it, tucked fearfully beneath his sofa, the single other piece of furniture in his flat other than his bed, the kitchen table, and the few wooden chairs in there. It snarled at him, but Draco paid this no mind. He lifted the sofa, and the dog darted out with a cry, and Draco, using instincts and moving with more speed than he had in years, spun and caught the dog, undoubtedly jarring its wounds, but after wailing again, the dog attacked him, sinking its teeth into his hand, but Draco merely winced. He crowded the dog in his lap, and it continued screaming around his hand, struggling to escape, but Draco kept petting it, and it screamed harder, releasing his bloodied hand to thrash with abandon, but Draco held it closer, and pet more firmly, but still gently, and cooed at it, shushing it, and still the dog screamed. But the morning sun slowly moved across the floor, and the birds outside sang as they did every morning, and soon Draco realized he was, indeed, hearing the birds. The dog was just crying, whimpering, trembling, but it rested in his lap, and Draco didn't risk releasing it yet. He had nothing else to do, no one else to occupy his time, so Draco kept petting, and cooing, and soon the dog was crying into him, instead of away from him, curled into his lap, and only then did Draco check the wounds. The infected bite was still gummy, and open, but it wasn't bleeding, or oozing puss. The slight discoloration was only that, slight, and it looked healthier. Noticeably healthier. And the maggot holes were still there, of course, and they were pink and irritated, but he vowed to apply saliva to them as well as the bite when the dog eventually fell asleep. But before bed, it must be hungry. Draco carefully lifted the dog. It was large, in no way a lapdog, but it was so bony, skeletal, that he could carry it easily. It began to wail again, so quick to jump on the defensive, but Draco cooed some more, and kept cradling the dog as he filled another bowl with tomato soup—all he had to feed it, at the moment. And this time, as it lapped at the liquid, he didn't let it drink the whole thing, because the vomit wasn't necessarily angering him, but he knew the dog needed all the nutrients it could get. Between 'feedings,' he let the dog outside to pee, carefully away from his rubbish bins, where he had first attacked it. The scene of the crime. That's where he had a cigarette, because he didn't want the smoke inside of the house. And when they were done, they went back in, where Draco coddled it some more as he listened to the wireless, and when it fell asleep, he drooled on the wounds some more—definitely thick—, and when it woke up, hours later, he gave it more soup, and some water, and monitored the dog's intake before removing the dishes and returning to the living room to watch the telly. He knew, distantly, that he hadn't eaten all day, but it didn't seem as important as the dog. But then he remembered he would need to go out and buy dog supplies, eventually. And he would need money for that. And a job for that . He went back into the kitchen, grabbed a banana on the verge of death, and clambered back on his sofa. This is where the dog watched him guardedly from the doorway. Draco pat his thigh, murmuring softly, and slowly, slowly the dog came forward, sniffing at his fingers hesitantly, and he pet the trembling creature softly as he watched television. And when the dog began to yawn, Draco slowly, slowly pulled into into his lap, where the both watched the glowing screen with drooping eyes. Where they both fell asleep. TBC This is going to be a multi-chaptered fic. I haven't finished typing it though, so I'm not certain about consistent updates or where it will end, if it will end, etc. I want it to, because I like where it's going so far, but I have a thing for starting stories strong and then giving them shitty, half-arsed endings. As my followers know, eh heh heh... Questions, comments, or concerns?