cheeks gave him away as he swatted at the snickering blond like a fly. "No, do be wary," Draco agreed, "wouldn't want me to sweep you off your feet or anything." After a wink and flip of his hair, Draco released a choked noise before throwing back his head and laughing. "Your face ! Y-you should see your face —I c-can't-" Potter growled. "You're an arse, you know that? I've never—A broom? How is that even holding your weight? I'm not used to magic, you ponce, let alone flying ." Draco, calming down, wiped a tear from his eye. "I won't drop you," he assured, lowering the broom and scooting forward. "Hop on. You're practically a stick, anyway. My bag likely weighs more than you do. Why are you still wavering? Come on, Potter, I don't have all day, and I promised, didn't didn't I? You've trusted me so far." "And all that's gotten me is detention, likely." Draco rolled his eyes. "I'll handle it. Didn't I say I'd handle it? It's covered. I'm a wizard, I can do that." Potter still looked wary, but after some more goading from the annoying 'pureblood heir of the Malfoy family,' he clambered on. "Hold on tight," Draco directed half-heartedly as he kicked off the ground with more purpose. Potter slid forward, pressing against him—though from fear or obedience, the blond wasn't sure—his faintly freckled hands fisting the back of Draco's muggle sweatshirt. "Comfy?" Draco asked. Not sarcastically, not to call him out on their close proximity, but because he cared. Potter didn't reply, but Draco could feel something tickling his nape. Potter's hair? He must have been nodding. "Don't like heights?" Draco asked. "Something like that," Potter replied, voice tight. When they broke above the treeline, witnessed only by the bright sky and the very tops of buildings, Potter seemed to relax. "This is brilliant," the brunette breathed. "Yeah?" Draco hadn't invented brooms, or even flying, but in that moment, with how smug and proud he felt, he might as well have. "Our school sport is Quidditch," he boasted. "Quidditch?" Potter asked, sounding out the word on his tongue. "Does that have to do with brooms?" "Does it have to do with brooms," Draco repeated, shaking his head. "Potter, a year from now, let me remind you that you said that. You'll think it's hilarious." Potter nudged him a bit. "Tit. How do you play?" Ah, it hadn't been intended as a nudge, but an indignant punch. Draco dutifully treated it as such and theatrically clutched his arm, swerving the broom dangerously and forcing novice flyer Potter to screech and smack the blond repeatedly until he got into under control once more. Draco was still snickering when he replied, "The object of the game is to score more points than your opponents." "So, pretty much every sport, ever," Potter deadpanned. "Except for, like, tag." "Will you calm down? I'm getting to that. In Quidditch, there's this smaller ball called a Snitch, and catching that is worth one-hundred fifty points, while normal goals are only worth ten. The game ends when the Snitch is caught. Obviously, the real point of the game is to snatch the Snitch before your opponent. That's me, the Seeker. My role is to catch it." "Are you any good?" "The bloody best." "Are you really?" Draco turned his head to scowl at him. Potter's wayward hair was flung about in such a way that, for a moment, the black strands reminded the blond of the petals from a spider chrysanthemum—long, wild, and curled at the ends. "I just said I was, didn't I? Anyone who disagrees is either a sore loser, hasn't seen me play, or needs to get their eyes checked. Simple as that. Anyway, where was I? The game ends when the Snitch is caught, or an agreement is reached between the captains of both teams. Some games can go on for many days if the Snitch is not caught." "What was the longest?" "According to Quidditch Through the Ages , the longest game lasted three months." "You're joking." "It intrigues me how many different ways you can verify that I am, indeed, being sincere." "Sorry, I just... This is all a lot to take in." "Speaking of things that are a lot to take in-" "If you say yourself, I'm going to push you off this broom." "One, that would inevitably lead to your untimely death as I still have my wand, and two, that's vulgar." The tips of pale ears were a rosy hue, and seeing that, Potter smiled. "I was trying to segway into discussing your guardians and where they may reside, so that I won't have to continue flying aimlessly into the distance—we'll reach America eventually, I'm sure." "Could be fun," Potter chirped, teasing. " After receiving permission to abduct you from your Muggle relatives, and after we visit Wizarding London. Then you can fly all the way to Canada , if you'd like." "That could be nice, too. Would you come with me?" "With the right amount of bribery, sure. That, and as long as we travel by floo. The cushioning charm on a broom only does so much, after all. That many hours and I think I can speak for the both of us when I say that we would rather dive headfirst into the ocean than enduring it long enough to reach land." "Are charms different than spells?" Potter inquired, leaning on the blond a bit more. The wind had picked up, so he was probably having trouble hearing. Draco suddenly remembered Potter's ratty clothes, all the holes and thinned fabric, and realized Potter must be cold. "Where did you say your Aunt and Uncle live, again?" "4 Privet drive." "Ah, yes, of course, and where might that be?" Potter snickered. "See that building down there with the big apple painted on the side? That's the restaurant closest to my house. We could walk from there." And they did.