that. It was good to focus on something so robotic. The books said what he had remembered. He constructed the last pieces of his defences. Then he meditated. That was how Tom found him. "Harry." "Don't call me that." He responded automatically. "I think we've moved past the point of names, haven't we, since we've taken to sharing beds." "Sharing? That implies mutual consent. I had no choice in the matter." He said without opening his eyes or otherwise acknowledging Tom. "Tell me, do you enjoy the thought -" Tom was across the room so quickly it was like he didn't move. "They hid it, but I know what they were trying to do. I believed their loyalty to me would curtail that of their own. I was mistaken." "They send you to work things through for them? Tell them I'm not interested. Though that's sweet of you." Harry stood up. This was out of character for Tom, to come here and… explain things? What was Tom doing? Tom only cared about one thing, and that was himself. It didn't help that Harry was furious. "You're not going anywhere." Tom said, grabbing his arm. Harry stared at him, for a long second. "I'm ok. I took care of myself." "Clearly." Tom said. "What's your problem?" Harry demanded. Did the boy really feel bad about what was essentially a powerplay? Did he care about Harry or just that his orders weren't followed? Or something else. "I don't need a hero." Harry said, meeting Tom's eyes. And Tom let him go at that. The Rest of the Story Hadrian never found out how Tom found out. But he did know that he punished his members extensively. They never bitched about it, but Hadrian felt the glares magnify. Hadrian was going to threaten them to keep his secret, but he found that Tom already had that covered. The boy even gave him some space. Hadrian knew it wouldn't last. If only because, if they weren't fighting each other, there was a strange emptiness, almost like and itch. Because it was fun to tease each other. It was nice to have someone who wasn't afraid of you. No matter how much both of them seemed to rub each other the wrong way, no matter how bad for each other's goals, they did look out for each other. In their own ways. And for two people both very weary of trusting, this distrustful relationship came to be a little more. Like Harry knew if he'd told Tom that he could do necromancy, or demonstrated it in front of him, he wouldn't have ran away in fear. He would have knocked them aside easily with a rare spell or two then looked at him with excited eyes and asked questions about everything. He would find a way to merge necromancer and magic and parseltongue and make them both more powerful. The only good thing to come out of the incidence outside the library was that no one called him mudblood anymore. Lestrange would turn white whenever Hadrian looked at him. Even the rumors of him and Tom had gotten quieter. Hadrian was able to finish off his fifth year, and focus on his OWLs completely in the last half of the year. It didn't hurt to have Tom. They would often study together. He never asked about what happened. Hadrian didn't know what Tom know. But their study sessions were… found. He found Tom was a stimulating intellectual and great debater. They would debate theory and deep magics. One time, just once, they spoke about their families. Harry told him about necromancy, and the ability to understand, but not speak, parseltongue. Tom was able to figure out a rune arrangement that when added to his personal frequency, looped parseltongue as a form of spiritspeak, and so the ability went both ways. In sixth year, they grew closer. And no one questioned his right to be beside Tom. The first time Lestrange mustered up the courage again to challenge him, Harry beat him in a single move, and spoke his first sentence of parseltongue. When he would say the odd thing to Tom in parseltongue, everyone would shudder. The way that Tom looked at him then, it strangely turned him on. A few nights later, on Halloween, they upgraded their relationship to the next level. It wasn't all smooth of course. This was Tom Riddle. And then they had a strange trust relationship that was covered with lies. He dated Olivia Benson but pretended he didn't to Tom. And then Tom would relatiate in a parody of what he would do before. They would play games spanning the politics of Slytherin which Harry slowly grew to understand. And when they turned seventeen, Tom took him to see his inheritance. They met his father which they cast a regret spell on, forcing the man to face his choices and live in his nightmares until he atoned. Then Hadrian came of age five months later and got the mansion in Germany. They stayed there for a bit while searching for the Slytherin Mansion. Tom was working for Borgin and Burkes at the time and was also searching for something more. They found it in Scotland and moved there. Tom was the leader and Hadrian was the follower but it suited him fine. Tom was still meeting with his friends. And they launched a political campaign. It was a tough time. Lots of hard work and sleepless nights. Then some stupid death eater pulled some raid on muggles without Tom's consent. Tom's rage was something to behold. But the Order attacked back. And so, it became a full on war in the wizarding world. It ended with the battle of Hogwarts. And Voldemort won the country. But he lost Hadrian. ~*~ HPLV ~*~ That's all folks! Took a long time to write. I hope you liked it. Thanks for reading. Please let me know what you think! Leave a review.