you – That is to say, I've been wondering about how we have the same parents, and how you got your scar." She nodded thoughtfully. "Yeah me to. I guess we should compare stories." "Ok," agreed Harry. "D'you want to go first?" Haley asked. Harry briefly considered that this might be a ploy by Voldemort to get information, but Voldemort already knew almost everything about him. He'd just have to leave out some of the more sensitive details. "Ok, sure. Err, where should I start?" he asked. "The beginning I guess," Haley suggested with a shrug. She absentmindedly tugged on a stray lock of hair, twirling it around a finger. Harry couldn't help but notice how adorable she looked. "And by beginning you mean… Birth?" he asked. She giggled. "Well I know you can't remember back that far, but give me your history, at least what you know of," she replied. "Right, well I was born July 31st, 1980 to James and Lily Potter," began Harry. This elicited a sharp intake of breath from Haley, but at his questioning look, she bade him to continue. "We lived in their cottage at Godric's Hollow until their death on October 31st, 1981. They were murdered by Lord Voldemort after being betrayed by one of their best friends, Peter Pettigrew." A deep frown had grown on her face, and she looked to be in heavy contemplation. Strangely, she didn't seem to bothered by the fact that his parents were murdered when he was a baby. Most people would be falling over themselves to apologize at this point. "What's wrong?" he asked. Haley's brow furrowed in a cocktail of confusion and concentration. "That's the night you got your scar, isn't it?" she asked. He nodded slowly. "All of what you said is true for me as well," she said. "I got my scar on Halloween 1981 when Voldemort's killing curse rebounded back on him." It was Harry's turn to frown. "How is the possible? Are we twins?" he asked. Haley shook her head. "No, that doesn't explain why we both have a scar. The killing curse couldn't have rebounded off both of us in the same spot." Harry watched as she chewed her lower lip while she thought, still playing with her hair. Was she always this cute when thinking hard? He shook his head and tried to concentrate on the task at hand. It was then at Haley's eyebrows perked up. "Where did you grow up?" she asked. her voice now confident. "After your parents died?" "Err," Harry balked. He didn't usually like talking about his childhood, but it seemed Haley may have gone through something similar. "With my aunt and uncle, the Dursleys," he said. She nodded as he spoke, expecting the answer, "I think I have an explanation for what's happening here," she said with a hint of pride in her voice. Harry tried to think of what she might have in mind but came up blank. "Ok, what's that?" he asked. "Well the simplest answer is that you're lying, but the way you've been acting makes me think you're telling the truth," she began in a familiar, Hermione-esque tone. "What I think is happening here is that we're from parallel universes," Haley explained, as though it was the obvious answer. There was a pause as Haley waited for him to catch up. "A parallel universe?" he parroted blankly. "Yes exactly, also known as an alternate dimension. You see I was raised by the Dursleys as well. So assuming we are both telling the truth, the only logical conclusion is that we live in alternate universes that presumably diverged during our development in the womb. You became a boy and I became a girl." She looked pleased with herself. Harry on the other hand was speechless. He mulled the words over in his head, trying to decide which part to respond to first. In the end, it was his compassion that won out. "I, well, Merlin… You were raised by the Dursleys? Did they treat you alright?" he asked, hesitantly. Haley's mouth dropped open. "Didn't you hear what I just said? We're talking to each other from different universes, and all you care about is the Dursleys?" she exclaimed, an incredulous expression written on her face. "I, well, no I don't care about the Dursleys at all, I care about you," Harry said. Her expression softened as his words sunk in. "Oh… No, Harry, Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia have always treated me well," she said softly. Her eyes were full of concern, but her gaze was calculating as she studied his face. Harry let out a small, unintentional sigh. "Ok. That's good," he said, and there was a pregnant pause, before Harry made a very deliberate change the subject. "I never really thought about alternate universes before." Haley looked torn between wanting to continue that line of thought and addressing the previous issue. "Harry, did the Dursleys mistreat you?" asked Haley. Her voice was so soft that it was barely audible coming from the mirror. Harry's expression shifted to a well-practiced mask of indifference. "No." "Harry-" started Haley, but she was cut off. "Look, I don't want to talk about it," Harry said, looking away from her. "Let's just get back to the parallel universe thing." "Ok, I'm sorry, Harry," she responded. Harry thought he heard a tremble in her voice, but he remained stoically silent. Haley stared, unsure what to say, but eventually decided to let the subject drop. She cleared her throat. "Well, like I said, I think we're from alternate realities. Such a thing is theoretically possible through magic according to a book I read. I should see if I can order a copy from Flourish and Blotts. My hypothesis is that the main difference between these two dimensions is that we were born opposite genders. We should compare notes to see what, if anything, is different historically before our births. Tell me everything that's ever happened."