himself as the boy goes ever redder, hands clenching into fists, and the sound draws the blond's sneer right to him. "And you?" the boy snaps. "What are you, then? A Ravenclaw?" Godric laughs out loud at the very thought, crossing his arms behind his head and giving the trio a grin that is more teeth than humor. "Me?" he asks lightly. "Oh, no. I'm a Gryffindor to the core, and I'd be more than happy to wedge my boot up your arse without a lick of subtlety—provided I can find space for it alongside the stick that's already there, of course." There's a round of muffled snickers from within the compartment, and then a girl with bushy brown hair appears in the doorway, looking fierce. "Get out, Malfoy," she says sharply, and the blond boy casts her a furious look and whirls, sweeping away with his two cronies behind him. All three of them, Godric notices with amusement, give him a fairly wide berth as they pass. "Thank you," the bushy-haired girl says politely. "You didn't need to step in." Salazar and Godric share an amused look, and then Salazar says blandly, "As I told him, the sight of a Slytherin so shaming his House was enough motivation. It's truly a disgrace, how the standards among purebloods are dropping. A side effect of too much inbreeding, I assume." He narrows his eyes at Godric as the redhead opens his mouth. "And don't you dare say anything, Gideon." Godric grins at him. "But Roberta and I told you so has such a lovely ring to it, don't you think?" he prods, a little gleefully. Chances to say that are so very rare, after all. Clearly, Salazar is not amused, if his glare is anything to go by. With a huff, he glances at the girl again and inclines his head. "I'm glad we were able to be of assistance." She smiles back, warm and friendly. Another Gryffindor, unless Godric misses his guess. "I'm Hermione Granger. Are you seventh years?" "Fifth," Godric corrects, and then, when she looks confused, adds, "We're only just starting Hogwarts this year, though. Our parents travel, so they kept us out until now." Which brings up the distinct lack of knowledge he has regarding Rowena's backstory for them—he doesn't even know what kind of scholars their parents are supposed to be, which might make conversation…difficult. "I'm Gideon Griffiths." "Solomon Silvius," Salazar adds, and anyone who doesn't know him would miss the faint wrinkling of his nose at the false name. For the most part, Salazar simply prefers not to give one whenever possible, because he's still exceedingly proud of his bloodline, which can be traced back to Merlin himself. Rowena is like a force of nature, though; no one says no to her. Ever. "Pleased to meet you," Granger returns politely. "Are you looking for a compartment?" She steps back, glancing around the one she just emerged from. "Er…if we squish…" Godric leans forward to peer past her, and gives the occupants a cheerful wave. "Morning!" he offers, and then answers Granger. "No, we've got one, but we've been temporarily banished while the girls talk." The redheaded girl he glimpsed before is looking at him with raised brows, seated next to the dark-haired, green-eyed boy, who's watching Godric warily, though that wariness quickly transfers to Salazar when the Slytherin comes up behind him to offer his own nod of greeting. A redheaded boy, tall and gangly, is regarding them even more suspiciously. "How do you know what your Houses are going to be already?" the redheaded girl asks, gaze flickering between them. Another shared glance with Salazar, once more full of silent amusement, and Godric offers them an easy grin. "Ah, I think we've got it figured out. Could be wrong, though." "Would you like to sit with us for a bit?" Granger asks, determinedly polite as she shoos the redheaded boy closer to the dark-haired one. "It might be more convenient than wandering around the train." Godric glances back at Salazar with a questioning lift of one brow. Salazar returns the look with a faint roll of his eyes and a brief nod, and Godric ducks forward with a grin. "No need to move," he says cheerfully, taking a seat under the window and crossing his legs. "Sal, come on, it won't hurt your dignity that much to sit on the floor." That gets him an arch look from Salazar, who delicately takes a seat beside a round-faced boy who glances at him nervously. "Forgive me, Gideon, but I'd rather not risk catching whatever it is that's clearly infected you," he retorts. Clapping a hand to his chest, Godric gives his friend his best wounded look. "Solomon! I'm practically perfect in every way, don't you remember?" When Salazar continues to look unimpressed, Godric crosses his arms and scowls. "And I'll have you know that the only thing infecting me is a sense of fun . You wouldn't be so lucky as to catch it from me." "Indeed," Salazar drawls, then pointedly looks around the compartment. "I take it you heard our introductions? Or should we do them again?" The red-haired girl grins. "No need," she answers. "I'm Ginny Weasley. This is my brother, Ron, and Neville Longbottom." "Luna Lovegood," the blonde says warmly, pale blue eyes flickering over them as she lowers her magazine. "And I'm Harry Potter," the last boy says quietly. Godric knows the name, of course—he does pay attention to current politics, no matter what Rowena and Salazar might try to imply. So he gives the boy a glance and a smile, a tip of his head, but then he moves on, because honestly, Dark Lords are a dime a dozen in their world, and while Voldemort's defeat is admirable, it's only noteworthy as far as Potter's age at the time goes. And his persistence in keeping the madman gone. He's a worthy addition to Godric's House, and that's enough to know.