just smiled, kissed her forehead, turned around and walk out of the room. For a second, Lily just stood there staring at the place where James used to be, before she hurriedly followed him. Sirius was in the kitchen eating breakfast, when James walked in with one of the biggest smiles on his face. Suddenly Lily burst through the kitchen door then quickly stopped when she saw the two boys staring at her. It was then that Sirius noticed that they both had very messy hair and slightly swollen lips and that Lily's shirt has ridden up several inches on her stomach. He looked from James's huge grin to Lily's blush and disheveled appearance and then it hit him. "So you guys finally snogged?" "What makes you think that?" Lily looked like she had just been caught stealing cookies. James took one look at Lily's expression and started laughing. "Well the messy hair, the swollen lips, and the fact that I can see your stomach, which is a first. And I also know what Prongs's just snogged hair looks like. I mean over the years you start to be able to tell the difference between the different versions on his messy hair. There is the morning hair, the quidditch hair, the nervous hair, the snogged hair and the sex hair and-" but James cut him off. "We get the point now shut up before I hex you." It was then that Sirius noticed the almost hurt look on Lily's face and the angry one on James's. the he realized what he had said. "Look I'm really sorry guys I didn't mean, I wasn't thinking. I –." "Can you leave?" James asked. "Look I just to talk to Lily alone," he said quieter. Sirius got up and left the kitchen. James turned back towards Lily, who was standing across the table from him. "Are you okay? I'm really sorry about what Sirius said." "Don't apologize. It's not as if I didn't know that you have dated and slept with other people. You should hear some of the girls at school, it's all they talk about. " "Lily," James walked around the table and stood in front of her, "Does it bother you that I've slept with other people? that I'm not a virgin?" "No. Not really. I don't know. maybe?" Lily didn't know if it bothered her or not. "can i ask you something?" Lily nodded her head. "You don't have to answer, but are you?" James asked hesitantly. "Yeah. I am. I just never found someone that was right? I don't really know why it just-"she looked down at her feet feeling sort of embarrassed. "Lily you don't have to explain." with one hand he lifted her chin up, "Hey. Look at me. You don't need to be embarrassed. It's just me and I'm not going to judge you." "I know. It's just… does it bother you?" "What?" "I said. Does it bother-" James cut her off before she could finish. "I know what you said, but I think it's a crazy question." James held up his hand to keep Lily from interrupting. "Let me finish. I think it's a crazy question because of course it doesn't bother me. Weather or not you are a virgin doesn't change the way I feel about you Lily. In fact it makes me like you more. Many of the girls that I know treat sex like it's nothing. They hand it out to almost anyone who will accept it and to them it's nothing more that a tool to get what they want. The fact that it means something more to you, means something to me. I want you to know that I will never push you into doing something that you're not ready for or that makes you uncomfortable." "Thank you." That was all Lily said before she leaned forward and kissed him. The kiss was short and sweet. And after about a minute they pulled apart. "Now how about some breakfast. I'm hungry"said James. He bent down and kissed her head before walking over to the table that was completely covered in every kind of breakfast food known. When James realized that Lily hadn't moved and was just standing there staring at the monstrous pile of food, he felt like he needed to explain. "My mum liked to make breakfast for everyone and not just let all the house elves do all the work, but she got tired of making three breakfasts for Sirius everyday when he kept getting hungry. So now she has the house elves make him some of everything and just makes breakfast for herself and dad." Lily took a seat across the table from James and started to eat. After about 15 minutes Sirius knocked on the door. "Hey can I come back in?" "Yeah pads com'on in." when Sirius opened the door, he expected to see Lily and James standing face to face or maybe blushing from being interrupted while snogging, but he did not expect to see them sitting at the table eating. " You're eating my food! Why are you eating my food" he all but yelled. " You know you are supposed to make your own food, not eat mine." " You keep making Lily upset." "Well the first time was not entirely my fault and the second time, well yeah that was my fault. Lily I'm really sorry about that. I wasn't thinking. Please don't curse me" "It's okay Black. I forgive you and I'm not going to curse you, but you do need to learn your lesson so.." And with that Lily pulled out her wand and transfigured his pajamas into a maid outfit complete with a little white frilly hat. James took one look at Sirius and started laughing and didn't stop until he could no longer breath. The entire time Sirius just stood there with a disbelieving look on his face. Which just made the other two laugh harder.