word, or noticed a small slip of paper that fell onto the ground. "What is that?" The unmistakable voice of her husband pulled Narcissa from her thoughts. "A letter from Hogwarts," Narcissa responded as Lucius approached her, a glass of FireWhiskey in his hand. Everyone has their own way of coping with pain. Some throw themselves in their work, or occupy their time with a hobby. Some become reclusive, locking themselves in a room, never to come out again. Lucius drank. He drank to cope with the loss of his son. He drank away his failures. He drank to deal with the harsh reality of the depreciation of his prestigious bloodline. As he approached Narcissa, she could smell the liquor wafted off of him like cologne. It was only morning, yet he had already downed a few glasses. His long hair was disheveled, eyes bloodshot, and cheekbones sunken in. The once mighty patriarch was replaced with a ghost of a broken man. "They have invited us to attend the Grand Gala," Narcissa commented as she turned away from him as the stench of liquor drew nearer. She silently pleaded for him to go away the closer he got. Lucius's inebriate swagger was an obvious indicator of how foul his mood could become if even slightly provoked. "A gala? Another celebration for Dark Lord's defeat?" For a moment Lucius seemed lost in his thoughts as he stared at the invitation in Narcissa's hand. "How peculiar," he stated, "we aren't usually invited to such…joyous…events." Lucius reached out and carefully put his hand on Narcissa's wrist. He started to slowly rub circles with his thumb as he draw closer to her body. To a bystander his actions looked pure —an act of affection from a husband who was consoling his grieving wife. However, Narcissa knew better. She froze as soon as his hand touched her skin, the tension in the air intensifying almost immediately. "Yes," Narcissa answered, although it ambiguous to which question, or statement, she was answering. "They have invited everyone who fought in the Battle of Hogwarts. I presume it's to commemorate the school's reopening." She chose her words carefully and spoke them in an even tone, trying to avoid a fight. "Oh?" For a moment it seemed as though he was going to retreat back into the cave of a room that he crawled out of. "Even the Death Eaters? Even the dead?" Lucius responded, his voice laced with disdain and suddenly yanked the white card stock invitation from her grip. "Invite the Malfoy's, their son cannot attend, so maybe they will want to in his place," he mocked. "Was their invitation only to serve as a reminder that our son is dead?!" His words caused Narcissa to recoil. The rhetorical question held some truth, even though she knew that was not the intention. She met her husband's gaze, a half drunken and half insane look reflected in his eyes, while nothing but disapproval reflected back in her's. Months of putting up with his nonsense lead her to become disillusioned with his empty words. "Have you forgotten what got him killed in the first place?" Narcissa's words echoed in the room, clearly hissed with venom. Even if she regretted what she said, it didn't show. Ever since Lucius turned to drinking, his moods were unpredictable and often he would become violent on a whim. It was better, and safer, to dismiss whatever he said. For both of their sakes. "Clean yourself up, Lucius." Lucius straightened, his glare directed mercilessly at his wife and began to slowly rip up the invitation. "You do not get to talk to me like that," he growled and stalked past her. Before Lucius left the room, he turned around to face her one last time, "You are prohibited from attending." Without another word, he walked out. Narcissa let out a huff of breath she hadn't realized she had held in. Mentally exhausted, she slouched into a lounge chair, crossed her legs and pinched the bridge of her nose. Their marriage was falling apart and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Truth be told, she did not want to stop it. A large part of her blamed Lucius for Draco's death, no matter how unfair it was to do so. Never in her life had she doubted pureblood supremacy until her son was put in harm's way. Her doubts began when Draco was given the task of killing Dumbledore after Lucius failed to bring the Dark Lord his prophecy. Toujours Pur, the powerful Black family's motto was ingrained into her head since she was a little girl. " Always Pure ," their mother and father would whisper in their ears until they chanted it in their sleep. She did the same with Draco, but where did that get him? Where did she go wrong? Narcissa returned her attention back to the invitation, which was now tiny pieces scattered on the floor. She noticed a small slip of paper that had somehow went unscathed from Lucius' outburst. Her eyes traveled up to the doorway, checking to see if he had been lurking to see if a reaction out of her. Once Narcissa believed he was gone, she walked over to the small piece of paper and picked it up. The paper was addressed to Narcissa Malfoy. For a moment Narcissa's eyes widened as she Minerva McGonagall's unmistakable cursive, but then her impenetrable mask fell back in place. Lucius's threats were empty, but what he had said held some truth. Why invite them? Why should they bother attending? However, something compelled Narcissa to go. Maybe it was because Draco spent most of his childhood at Hogwarts. Perhaps attending would give her some closure. Before she changed her mind, Narcissa summoned quill and paper to send off her reservation. It was possible that she would come to regret this decision, but right now she just needed a little bit more of her son to hang onto.