looked around the cleaned and newly organized room. Kreacher had done a wonderful job at getting the house cleaned up and Harry rewarded him with allowing the elf to take anything he thought important to his cupboard. He knew the elf had cared for the Matriarch of the Black family and so he allowed Kreacher to keep things he wanted to keep as a remembrance and comfort of his old masters, especially if it concerned Regulus and Walburga. The spectacled boy shook his head as he returned his attention back to the letter in front of him before sighing and pulling out a fresh piece of parchment and wetting his quill. "I really hope that this is going to be worth it." He muttered as he began to write on the piece of paper in front of him. GUR2 Malfoy, If what you say is true about your library then I have no real choice in the matter. If I do not come and get the information that I desire than I could be trapped in the current body I have forever. I have no choice but to come to your manor and find the information that I wish for myself. I will put trust with your family's pride to not hurt the one that saved you. Not just in the fact that I defeated Voldemort and freed your family from servitude to a monster but for the fact that I kept you and your father out of Azkaban with only restrictions on your magic use for the next few years. Do not disappoint me Malfoy for I now have connections that could quickly and easily put you into Azkaban if anything happens to me or you try and use this to your advantage to return to good standing. Not even your mother will be able to save you a second time if you and your father cross me. I will be arriving tomorrow. Sincerely, Harry Potter Draco couldn't help but gulp at the threat at the end of the letter and knowing it to be true. Potter had suffered a great deal within the manor and the fact that the mudblood had been tortured by his aunt left no little impression on him. He didn't intend on causing Potter to become upset with him and he didn't intend to be sent to Azkaban for crossing him. His father would have to be warned though. Draco knew better than to think that Lucius wasn't trying to find a way to use this information to his advantage. To return his family to grand standing and to have the wizarding world back within the Patriarch's greedy hands. Lucius had learned very little humility under the Dark Lord's reign but Draco also knew that his mother would be able to handle the man better now that she wasn't stuck in the image of the perfect pureblood wife. Narcissa had shown this when she had begun using the house elves to remodel the manor, getting rid of all dark artifacts and destroying them, repainting walls and redoing marbling, replacing the dark elegant furniture with more modern pieces that were bright and matched the brighter colors of the rooms she had done. Lucius had been furious to have family heirlooms destroyed and furniture that had been in the manor for centuries gotten rid of. Narcissa though had quickly whipped the man into shape and had told him that if they wanted to show a new side and show they had changed their ways then they must change the way they lived and what was in their house was the first step in that. Draco was actually pleased with the changes, especially when he could change the color of his room from the dark green to a calm and peaceful peach that easily soothed him into sleep. He also replaced his bed with a four poster bed that matched the ones he had at Hogwarts. It was nice to sleep in a room that didn't feel like doom and gloom were right around the corner. The remodeling would also hopefully help with Potter coming and staying here he realized. The mansion looked nothing like it did when Potter and his friends had been trapped here and maybe that would help relax the other while he resided here. Draco sighed as he looked back at the letter and stood from his seat in the library where he had been reading once more when the letter arrived with the owl he had sent off a day ago. "I guess I should inform mother and father of this then." He muttered to himself as he walked out to find his parents. The next while would be interesting that would be for sure. GUR2 A.N. Haha! First chapter up and done! To tell the truth I got this idea from another Harry Potter story I read a while back. Failure to Thrive it was called and it was by cre8tvdeb. It was an interesting story and I came up with an idea similar but different. Review and tell me what you thought so far anyways! I would like everyone to think about some of the authors on Fanfiction that died recently or a while ago. Some of them died in tragic accidents or illnesses and have left stories unfinished or had others finish them for them in memory. I would like everyone reading this to lower their heads, clasp their hands together and pray for those who have been lost. Allow there to be a moment of silence for wherever you, the reader, are and remember not just the writers here on this site but those who have been lost in your life or in tragic events. Please remember that life is short and that you should love those in your life while you can and show your appreciation for water comes into your life. Again, thanks to those who have lost their lives for spreading inspiration through their works.