smiled. Remus dared to touch his cub and smiled. "No. However, Potter's have a unique thing that helps them find their perfect...mate, I guess, their first year at Hogwarts. James was bisexual, that was one way we were able to pull it off. He really dated Lily, but by that time, we all understood that once a month, Moony needed him too. I was with Sirius except for the two days a month. Moony wouldn't let him touch me. Lily was your godmother, though. We wanted her to be as much a part of your life as Sirius. That was always a given and we wanted her to know she was just as important." Harry leaned back and they gave him some space. He looked out the window, now that the story was finished, he thought about the whole thing. His mother, wasn't his mother. James Potter carried him. Remus sired him. He knew he wasn't a werewolf though, he didn't change. He did always have the sense of things though. He watched as a shadow passed the window and the color of his eyes showed in his reflection. He looked back at the men, who were trying to give him space and just watched. James Potter had brown eyes, Remus had hazel, more amber when closer to the moon. What did he have? If not green then what? "Can the glamour come off? What color eyes do I have? Who do I look like?" he asked. "You have hazel eyes. We can take it off at anytime. Severus told us the counter to it in case he didn't make it and you wanted to. As for who you look like, we're not sure. The glamour was on before any of us saw you but Lily and Severus. With Sirius' eyes just as brown as James' we never had a question asked about it." Harry nodded. "Can you give me time? To think about all this. What I am, who I am. I never thought passed Voldemort anyway." Both men nodded and Harry got up, walking out to the garden. Harry thought about how he felt about what he just encountered. What he was told. He was a Lupin and a Potter. If he took the glamour off, everyone would know that James Potter was a bearer, which could be more dangerous for him. Harry was tired of danger. He was also tired of attention and taking the glamour off might make him unrecognizable. So many thoughts, so many emotions. At least he knew why he felt some sort of connection with the wolf that first class in third year, why they got close before finding out he knew James and Lily. He found a bench and sat on it, looking out at the trees that surrounded him. Keeping a secret like this would be hard, well not James and Remus' secret, but his. He wanted to find a mate, wanted a life of happiness, wanted a family. He just had to find that without telling a potential partner why they couldn't sleep together. There was no way he was getting pregnant now. He was almost seventeen for crying out loud. What did he know about babies. "Hey pup." Harry turned to see Sirius and smiled, moving to let him sit. Sirius didn't say anything, but handed him the sandwich he brought out for him. Harry ate it silently, trying to figure out all the thoughts in his head. One question popped up and he turned to Sirius. "How did you take this? I mean I get it starting out, but my dad carried your mate's baby. Sirius, that's a lot." Sirius nodded and let out a breath. "It was hard, for Lily and me both. We always knew it would happen eventually. But once we watched James, how he grew, it changed. I can't explain it. Lily always wanted kids and life handed her a sucky deal. James was able to carry and shouldn't have the parts too. But...we were all happy you were coming. As we got closer, Peter got further away. Probably how Voldemort got him." Harry nodded and watched as an owl flew in and dropped a letter before taking off. Sirius watched as he opened the letter and read it. It was from Draco asking to meet so they could thank him personally. It also informed him that his family was invited and the Malfoy's were hoping they could come to dinner tonight. Harry gave the letter to Sirius, silently asking. Sirius read it and then looked at Harry. "We can go, pup. If you want, it could be a way to at least be friends with him." "How can I be friends with someone I'm attracted to, Sirius?" Sirius saw the way Harry looked and felt for his godson. It was going to be hard, which he told Harry. He also let his godson know that he didn't know the Slytherin, and most in their society had to hide their sexuality. With Harry being a bearer, if Draco did lean his way, an heir wouldn't be an issue and maybe they both could be happy. Harry took that in and could see what Sirius was talking about. Hermione had explained how wizarding society worked. He also figured Draco had an arranged marriage. "Listen, I'll ask Remus if he wants to go, but you go. You deserve to at least look into it." Sirius made to get up and Harry grabbed his arm. Sirius looked at him as he got up and Harry let him go. "I'll ask Remus, dad, father?" Sirius smiled. "He'll be fine with whichever you feel comfortable with." Harry nodded and followed the older man in to find the wolf. Again, I hope you liked this first part. Please leave notes to let me know if I should continue with it or not. I already have about 5 or 6 chapters written so hopefully soon, yeah! Until I write again, :)B